what's up guys welcome to my Wednesday
top here trying to get stuff done that's
that big little desk thing I've moved
around look I want to show you guys
something you remember when I told you
Veronica I work for Steak and Shake this
was a while ago in the blogs but look
what I found
Steak N Shake
aprons hold on boom Veronica right there
those are the things you want to forget
you don't want to keep that kind of
stuff look this is the kind of stuff
Veronica hold on to like this is a
little water globe that has muddy water
in it I here's some some stuff from our
wedding pink and blue ribbon that's it a
calendar from 2013
all junk
everything in here junk I just it's so
much down here to go through that I feel
like it's even pointless to go through
it there's some stuff that we want to
keep because there's like some
memorabilia for both the boys like when
they were babies that's stuff you want
to keep but like like old like sock
puppets I know I know okay how are you
sure nice to meet you we're just
cleaning the basement I hope you join us
oh look at this this is a ticket to when
I went in saw Coheed and Cambria live in
concert that was a good show
back when they first came out they came
out with a song called mama I'm coming
home awesome song I went to see their
show I met up with I think his name was
Nick Perry and got a signed CD I lost
the scene II though that check this out
this was when we went to the Newport
ended a movie premiere for the Nerd Herd
too which is one of the earliest like
DVD releases that Roman ever did that
was a fun show this is an example of not
junk this is Colin's
first ever from the hospital his
footprint and his handprint these are
the things you want to keep hold of okay
so I'm gonna embarrass myself real quick
I just found my senior pictures check
this out this is my senior pictures I
guess album Wow
I liked Hurley back then and baggy
shirts with that big shirt hey hey guys
well little Jay
Gilroy whoo I had a cute face right oh
look here we got some young Veronica
pictures you know me and Veronica have
always been really big on pictures and
we take a lot of pictures right
that's just goofy but Veronica man yeah
she was a beauty look at that face look
look at that Veronica right there that's
my wife
and this brings me back it brings me
back to when I very first ever laid eyes
on Veronica she was working at the pizza
cottage right and and and I knew right
away I was like I want to date her like
I want to get to know her she's
absolutely beautiful and when she smiled
it was just like insane look at this
look at this face like how could you not
think that Veronica is absolutely
gorgeous okay
current time is 4:30 I need to go
upstairs and grab some food and get
ready for our live stream tonight that
was fun nice little blast from the past
I mean it's really weird what you find
when you're when you're actually like
completing up stuff you haven't seen for
years I've has been like for years since
we've seen stuff in those boxes
what's wrong Liza oh that scratch you
guys she got it she did that with a like
a a two boat and some lotion to buy
lotion you know how like they have the
crimped in on the very top like it
stands on its lid she got it with the
corner of it poor thing poor little
thing give Carson a big hug get him take
it back here Carson I'm gonna hug you ha
ha
he's trying to fake it Liza Oh get him
lies and get him give this tickle take
it take another girl whoa oh now that's
the good stuff right there man give his
belly buddy what is that I got an email
back on the whole Verizon switch thing
which I'm not particularly ready to talk
about but let's just say it's not it's
not what they promised and I kind of
disappointed I'm actually really
disappointed what are you doing where's
Colin oh you knew it was gonna happen
huh
yeah yeah do you like my joggers these
things are awesome
those things are surprisingly fun we
definitely got to get adult sized ones
for sure you're good girl did you guys
know that today was national puppy day
today we recognize our puppies Liza what
have you done oh my goodness here let's
let's not let her get pencils and stuff
oh boy
because tell them goodnight echo echo
always comes up to tell him goodnight
now - you tell them goodnight don't you
yeah of course you did you walk you want
the girl huh huh yeah right yeah boy
yeah okay tomorrow what yeah
relax was go to bed okay don't you say
you're good night love you
night did you
she really did find her belly button did
you find it oh I'll go was on you ago
psyched yeah
everyone gives some love to your puppies
today because it is national puppy day
the day that we honor our dogs you know
what I gotta say I'm really grown very
quite fond of echo she's she's turned
out to be a really good dog with the
exception of like now only periodically
running away outside she's uh she's
turned out to be a really good dog uh
yeah that's all I got for you guys today
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
