afternoon guys what's up um amber and I
are headed to lunch
this new little place that I have never
tried are they open yeah yeah
here they have specials every day but
today's too
today's special is a two topping 14-inch
pizza for $10 so we're like yeah pizza
dance Liza she's like more
oh holy don't spit it out
say I want some big church
Oh
please
that the good stuff has arrived it's
pretty tasty I took one bite
do you agree yes satisfied very good
thank you any good son your fingers
don't think I've ever really had bad
pizza but I've got lots of grilled
cheese neither and Wagoneer grilled
cheese yummy yummy yummy down that our
bellies full and I'm ready for a nap
we have to go to the grocery store story
of my life feels like I'm always at the
grocery hey repeats get too close to the
edge and she's reaching out and grabbing
something following it off of the shelf
see sweets she thinks it's fun baby you
see the baby
you brought the leftover pizza all nice
out for an after-school snack with Liza
yeah you want the keys she likes playing
with please yeah nice where's daddy
hmm where's daddy
hey I heard about your basketball looks
hot I did we're going on a walk we just
actually got done doing a workout they
are just gonna keep going by just a
walking fast pace up and down the road
okay
it's important to rehydrate it's a grab
bottle water and we're also gonna make
this and I found it online
take a grapefruit and honey there you go
and you just put those in a blender mix
them up creates like a juice and you
drink it helps with all all the vitamins
and minerals and like break down all the
food and helps your digestive system and
faster I guess hey you ready ready
Cheers
you can taste them because you know it's
in there no that's exactly what it is it
does mainly tastes like grapefruit juice
to say what don't try it
well I hope you guys have done messing
around because we got some work to do we
got a photo shoot to do and I need your
guys's help to situate that basin Oh
bleep camera
you're bleeding bleeding oh I broke my
pinkie guys are crooked you guys just
missed the epic funny clip with us
trying to get this carpet out of here oh
it was awful and bran can set the camera
up there to watch us try and pull up the
stairs but again like I need to send
this thing in because it keeps saying
writing to the memory card was or
something so we got the carpet out so we
can do photos down the basement I'll
show you why here a little later
actually if you missed the middle of the
vlog you'll see at the end because it's
construction time and the Gilroy blog so
come on come on we got a pause on the
work
the fridge is open paws on the work cuz
the kids want to play let's go and our
our thing is ripped man you guys aren't
taking very good care of this get up
there boy
oh the girls are home who are in trouble
everyone hide everyone hide like you
can't see him
everyone hide oh no one can see us if
we're on the trampoline oh you guys that
is an awfully wrinkly green-screen
ah I don't know if it's gonna work out
the only way this is gonna work as if my
keying skills are like on point which I
mean I think they are but that's pretty
bad oh you liked that stuff yeah look
how she crosses her legs or sheets yeah
yeah so cute you're so cute
woah woah you say Dada Dada Oh dead
death dad I just want to take a food
break the boys are down at Grandma's and
veranke had to go get Eko as soon as
we're done with dinner we got to shoot
these photos gonna be super cool by the
time you see the end of the flogger and
be like I see you're new here okay five
seconds five seconds but me
so it's time for our photo shoot I what
I really want to achieve is to have like
video clips keyed out separately so that
we can all be kind of interacting with
the elements in the endcard but I think
this screen is far too wrinkly I've
sprayed it with water and it didn't go
down so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to shoot safety and capture photos
and video clips because I can definitely
like use the pin tool in Photoshop and
perfectly cut out every one and then put
like a white abstract eye I don't know
what you'd call it but it's like a white
abstract border like a stroke around it
but an abstract stroke look here smile
wait you moved whew sir all right mom
you're done son that's crap that's what
I'm talking about send down your brother
peace is that all right man I'm out of
here
good work hey tell Thomas okay you're on
some more
look at the camera with your face we'll
just be like yeah
you use this look at my mouth yeah
and look what happened look at the irony
here moments ago
Eliza placed a gnarly scratch on look at
you yeah so we're gonna have to really
skate around
Eliza's brand-new scratch it was pretty
much me tossing around the Wisel like
this
gen maker laughs I know we had to hurry
quick too because the baby's like little
tiny babies you have zero zero chances
to get it to get what you want
she just wants down yeah she wants to
explore she's never really been down
here what is this place
four big lights look at the lights look
at the lights Elijah yeah so the reason
we're doing this is so that we can like
I don't know freshen things up a little
bit I feel like everything that you've
seen like all the assets the logo the
intro sequence the end card
everything's been there since we first
started so like a lots change and I feel
like I feel like I feel like I'm a
teenager that's still wearing baby
clothes if you can relate to that
analogy so if you follow me on Twitter
you probably saw the other day I was
kind of irritated that my my food ball
head you know I got a Benro tripod right
my flute ball has sounded really bad it
was really noisy any kind of movement
and and so I tweet about it I feel like
you know like we often tweet about
things that irritate us we should also
tweet about things that go our way
and so I wanted to tell you know I
reached out to Ben row and and they did
the right thing look in the mail today I
got a brand-new Benro s7 head which is
that the head that came on my tripod now
I have to this is like what they call it
a cross shipping so that I wasn't
without one they sent me this one I'm
gonna send my old one back and I just
feel like they did the right thing
that's
awesome customer service so huge shout
out to you guys been wrote no this isn't
a paid advertisement or anything like
that they just did the right thing and I
feel like they should be committed for
it
plus I like their stuff I mean everyone
said Manfrotto the number one which I
don't disagree because I've really only
ever used one but uh this I like this
thing works really well and we'll see if
this one sounds like the other one then
we'll know if it's fits appalled and
cried but because my service was on
point so he's a cool-ass hi yeah yeah of
course I'd thanks got to take trash out
come on come on actually do me a favor
why don't you guys put in the comments
below some things you'd like to see me
Loper and Randy razor talked about on
the podcast can be really fun so with
that that's where we're gonna end the
video for today
make sure echo doesn't run away we'll
see you guys same place same time right
back here tomorrow
