what's happening dude I'm dudes and
ladies and gentlemen how are you today
welcome to the vlog I'm not talking to
my paragraphs so basically we are
getting ready to cook out we'll get to
that but we need more propane we got a
need more propane Oh
oh yeah see when you things get empty
you know I don't even think that thing
is fully empty what do you think it's
still heavy though okay everybody
yo Jay Jay thanks brother man cooking
out tonight you know so I was thinking
I'm gonna have cookout and I don't call
country you I'm never going to hear the
end of it so we're going to have to call
country hey I figured it's like my it's
my obligation to call you right now and
let you know that bro I'm about to have
a cookout I'm putting burgers on the
grill I got to go get some stuff still
but I mean I'm just saying if you want
if you want to swing through this is a
very spontaneous cookout not the one I
promised you but I said if I have a
cookout at all
and I don't call country haha not right
now but in about 30 minutes
man you know I can't come over in 30
minutes I appreciate invite gonna come
when when when you have four tables
outside and it's just a buffet that's
all gonna come Porsha and Williams me
little of me oh whatever
okay okay okay with the steak and the
grilled asparagus like a promise and a
baked potato and make sure we got
everything we need for this little
lastin in the cookout and it is just
that feel I feel bad for trying to avoid
country on like the absolute last minute
Broncos just like hey let's cook out
burgers and stuff I'm like sure paper
plates paper plate see there's there's
like a thing with paper plates you get a
paper plate it's just garbage it's all
flimsy and stuff you lose all your food
on the floor yeah no I mean you need
that thick stuff not the foam ones those
just crack them Rick here you go
let's look at that Dixie everyday cut
resistant microwave also poop shield all
right that's it
well they're super strong what do you
mean oh you don't like that we're going
to celebrate with style strength yeah we
need that everyday stuff it's everyday
bro okay okay guys I got to tell you I
can tell you story about something that
happened earlier today I thought it was
just super awesome and I want to share
it because I need it to inspire some of
you guys to do the same thing because
it's so cool
it made my day honestly I could get to
the DMV and you can imagine that every
time you go there it's packed always
filled with people I have Colin Carson
and Eliza with Mitt beginner there I
pull a number and it's like 40 people
ahead of me no joke and there's one
extra seat for all of us to sit in the
waiting room it was a nightmare so I sit
down next to this kid and his mom
five minutes goes by and this kid I see
him lean over and pick up a tag off the
floor as one of those tickets you pull a
number it was five people ahead of the
counter and he gives that tag to me
instead of keeping it for itself
he's like yeah man you got three kids
with you you need it more than I do and
this is a young kid probably got just
getting his first car and I look at him
on like man this is like winning the
lottery thank you so much and his name
was Isaac so big shout-out to Isaac for
being such a cool dude and thank you so
much you've really saved my sanity today
so if you can do something like that for
somebody do it because yeah it might
feel good if you got that ticket and you
kept it for yourself and you saved
something time what's that ticket could
help somebody else even if you have the
opportunity to give that so cool man I
just wanted to say thank you guys ik
since I'm telling you guys stories and
catching you up on stuff look at that
look for this 80 degrees in my house
you'll notice it's off here's walk last
summer we had to have our air
conditioner to recharge like had a guy
come over put the gauges on and Alessa
instead I had a little bit of a leak and
it's probably turned into a bigger leak
because this right here it's all packed
with ice right this is all ice and the
this line that goes into the house it's
like super wet like sweating so the same
problem is happening so our air is not
fully working and I know he said that
this thing right here this either the
heat pump or condenser or whatever this
thing is called it's cold there and
needs to be replaced and it's like super
duper expensive so I don't know
hey punky daddy hi cutie ciao you go to
cow with the cow make what kind of sound
tell me no cow goes oh so it's been
pretty busy couple of days as you know
when I took a couple days off a few
weeks ago here and there we're working
on a big project and I think project
requires me to do what I do best and
that's run the camera get cool shots so
I've been doing that a couple days and
that's why I'm going to upload do
apologize but gotta take such a cool
honor to be working on a project like
this like it's big level if you saw my
tweet you know what I'm talking about in
this big giant camera too soon the ss7
that's a broadcast quality camera and it
is noticed not q cinematic grill
sequence Oh
you
and just like that we got melted cheesy
burgers Oh put that over this thing's
hard to use like a like a combination
spatula Tong what do you call this thing
here with that the forks the poker oh
yeah do it
thank you bro that my friend it's how
you run the grill yeah I like it I like
kind of like a burnt hot dog nobody else
I'd passed though we got to keep it
chill look what I got you you got food
got the meat yeah are you hungry
mm-hmm thank you to look at you guys I
got to bring some light to this little
guy right here this thing right here
brought me so much joy lately special
summer
look at that pellet I not not getting
paid to say that this thing really is
that all you make up and you tell yo
little girl nah but seriously it's
called opal it's got pellet ice on
demand all the time literally just fill
it up there's a little reservoir down
there in the back fill it up and it's
about I keep the weight all time huh
what are you doing yeah you're putting
Maddie's hair in a ponytail is that fun
thank you it looks wonderful mom I can't
find the brush you lose that one you
lose the brushes I'll come over tomorrow
on my hair straight and then you can
play with it all you want
there we go
in NASA remember what it is but angels
really been digging the hacks later she
listened she just likes wearing them
angel everyone looks good on you
seriously though we are all clean okay
caring for that gear like at this moment
right before the kids go to bed I'm
starting amped up because it's like
battleground time I don't know what it
is you guys but that game has got me
addicted Caleb what do you think about
that game previously battleground
super addicting I got a PC for that game
and I loved every second of it we got
actually avoid six-foot-four honda like
guys know em shout to you
six foot now play in battlegrounds he
play with me today on stream and that's
what we're going to actually play again
tonight a little bit that's going to be
like how i in my evening and that's
exactly what we did till about 1:00 in
the morning actually even with the
server bugs which if you guys play
battlegrounds you know like the server
issues were incredibly real yesterday it
was bad like it was really bad
we're starting today put a little bit of
fix up of the honda she sat for a minute
so we need to like jump the battery the
batteries drink so we need to get this
thing started
i have someone comes today to buy this
so it is time to say goodbye to the
honda civic everybody say goodbye mark
here but what do you mean Martir know
you're not buying it before you leave
don't leave just yet make sure you go up
there and click the link whatever site
is on watch the 500k video because not
the next upload what's the following
upload after that we will be announcing
the winner of the 500k xbox giveaway
it is a subscriber milestone giveaway so
that we've reached 500,000 subscribers
the giveaway is open to all of my loyal
followers and i got to say again thank
you so much
everyone for all your support throughout
the years it's been truly amazing so
click the link watch the video if you've
already commented go comment again and
just put your name right at the top of
that look we will be picking a random
comment using a third-party website
seems to be the fairest way to do it
because random is you know I have no
control so now my friends where we're
going to leave you for today make sure
you click the link to watch that video
hit that thumbs up button I want to say
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
next time
we
