a grab a broom hey guys welcome to a
super-chill laid-back sunday me and lies
that are playin he's having fun she's
feeling way better by the way Madison is
here helping me watch the kids Madison
thank you for helping me get the video
edited yesterday it was awesome did you
have fun with the challenge yeah I was
fun right we stayed up till like was it
won something finishing that video it
was it was hilarious to film that I'd
say over there I'm go over their inner
in the cabinet she knows where your
stuff is what you want me girl go to ya
me girl get it good oh she knows where
her snacks are so she like she points to
him and says dead you want one of these
oh here you go all is right with the
world she has her stood so close to
having tea through but thank God the
fever's gone her runny nose is pretty
much gone she's sleeping through the
night again so we're like super grateful
had to lay baby Liza down for a nap I'll
just sitting here thinking like at some
point warm weathers coming it's not
coming today it's a very cloudy and very
cold but I was like I was thinking about
like future videos and I really want to
do one of those videos where there's
like a shooting course right and we're
gonna have like plywood cutouts of
people and a nice little course to run
through I'm going to time
we have participants like my brother of
course so we're gonna go I think we're
gonna go now and see my brother and see
what he thinks like where we can do this
of course if it's okay with you yeah
yeah no just I'm just gonna go okay so
okay buddy okay I'll see you later then
don't come to your ubers ready for
dinner oh really look I came for dinner
time doesn't have him chicken nuggets
man thanks buddy Mambo sure
you've seen before like a Time Trial
shooting course where you have like side
arms and rifles you've got all these
targets you know what I mean we can make
some out of like cut-up plywood make
like human shape targets and like
hanging targets I want to make some like
spring loaded ones i don't know how do
we activate them but i think that'd be
cool whoever gets whoever gets through
the targets with the best accuracy in
the shortest amount of time okay um of
course the winner but the one who has
the worst statistics which could
possibly be me has to do something like
ridiculously awful look this is like a
real big boy challenge with so it's
gotta have a real big boy consequence
like something you don't want to do a
shot with a paintball shall the
paintball with your shirt off and stuff
I didn't just say that did I yeah some
guys little dude just sleeps with all
this noise in here he looks so good man
nobody's good that was a scary time you
know Zoe box we're gonna go check out
back here to check out this cool little
valley all woods
good potential spot take a run down
through there all the way down where did
you say you shoot one target that
activates the others something super
dope we took a four-wheeler down here
reason whoa this weekend's been like 29
for the love today's how it was like 30
38 yeah this is snow yeah this is what
we're thinking like a wooded area Josh I
would want to do something like where
like where there's not full tree cover
cuz I'm sure this would be a full canopy
by the time like we do it down there it
wouldn't be we need some like open area
so we can get some drone shots you got
the gear you got to use it right good
talk I just found out my mom and dad
just got back from vacation they went
down to Cape San Blas in Florida so I'm
gonna go say what's up to them before
the walking dead starts in about one
hour so gonna be a short visit my dad in
there you don't see me coach on said
you're trying to think of a way to scare
him but the dogs will bark long before I
do anything to mom how was your an 80
degree weather right well 78 close
enough really wasn't that one well how's
they like to being home it sucks it's
cold it is cold there's a couple times I
was so hot in afternoon think I maybe
got some beastly on the scepter and not
conduct really drink beer be makin oh my
oh my so we're sitting here talking
about future vacations and dad just
proclaim to me that he wants to go the
next time I go to outer banks get some
lessons for kitesurfing make sure you're
off on that
I haven't had a surgery yet this year my
a my AARP says I mean these two
surgeries a year hmm to get my golden
buckeye well I think that would be a
pretty exciting video what do you guys
think is anyone on the East Coast a kite
surfer who wants to hook up with me and
my dad and do some kitesurfing that
would be pretty fantastic very cool to
stop by and see mom and dad back home
from vacation they said they had a blast
and I think it's really cool that they
get to go by themselves on have you know
what you would consider to be like a
romantic getaway to keep san blas which
you know BTW they love being at the
beach so I'm really excited that they
had fun and it turns out that my dad is
actually trying to get a new logo
designed for his business and you know
he needs t-shirts made and stuff so I
saw the mock-up for the company that's
trying to do it for him and I was like
dad
you got to tell them you're not
interested anymore so i can take over
and that's what we're doing yeah
remember how I said it was going to be I
needed to make it a quick visit because
I wanted to catch the walking dead it's
now eleven o'clock and the second show I
should be on so I'm trying to make it
back home look this is where I found be
nizzle waiting for me on the couch yeah
yeah it's it's 11 10 it turns out the
walking dead isn't on right now usually
goes walking dead talking dead and then
they play walking dead again but fear
the walking dead is on but now I'm just
gonna kill time until twelve-thirty when
walking dead comes on again
the boys are supposed to walk all and
gets on the bus at eight and we got
downstairs at like seven fifty five or
eight something
I'm gonna take call in school while we
got Carson here at the bus stop why are
you waking me up callin you off to
listen you're home no it's hard to be
one time alone yeah how many times do
you see here we have a good monday it's
830 for its 834 love you wait see you
after school have a happy monday hey
love you do good ok what to got big girl
and some fruit it's your favorite huh
blueberries and strawberries you can see
from the crumbs there she's already had
cereal bar overnight it seems like she
completely did away with bottles like
she hasn't had a bottle and a week at
least all the sudden she's just grown up
this morning in all weekday mornings is
repetitious its wake up in the morning
get the kids up be dumb get them dressed
pack their lunches and you find
repetition in all areas of your life a
lot of us you know we do the same thing
and not everyone does the same thing but
we all do similar things every day that
make it seem boring almost you no like
routine I challenge you guys to get out
of there and do something a little bit
different today do something that
progresses you towards you doing what
you want to do whether it's your job
your hobby just whatever you want to do
get out there and do something today
that will help facilitate you to do that
more often because the more you do what
you love to do the better you're going
to feel that is where we're going to
leave you for today this will be the
first day of the week that I attempt a
scheduled upload at 12pm Eastern and so
that means that today's video will be
the last of the more
inning or night to morning transitions
of course this is like a trial I just
want to see if it fits better right like
I said in the last video change is good
change keeps you fresh and that keeps
you progressing so that's what we're
looking for keep an eye on my facebook
page I'm going to be putting up some of
the like you guys asked us about how we
make certain foods and we're going to
start putting those types of videos onto
my facebook page gilroy blogs go find it
like the page and keep your eyes out for
some new content coming up there thank
you guys so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you all right back
here tomorrow
