hey guys welcome back to another
challenge video today's video is a
little bit different something we're
calling the pantyhose wrecking ball
surprise we're going to put pantyhose
over our head with a tennis ball on side
two of us are going to try and knock
down five bottles in a row just by
swinging the pantyhose tennis ball
contraption attached to our head the
surprise is that each loser from every
race has to suffer through the winners
choice of five completely random
ingredients inside our fridge into a
smoothie concoction are you guys ready
let's do it
all right next is Veronica and amber go
come on are you gonna keep up Cameron
didn't want to go get me haha in three
two one go Oh
president
so since Madison lost I get to pick five
very special ingredients completely my
choice from the fridge back here you
stay right here I'll be right back all
right so here's what I got I got Halas
mustard hot cheesy hot dog Hershey's
syrup of the Strawberry time and cottage
cheese there really isn't a whole lot of
liquid here but it's fine let's just
give you a big healthy 2/3 gonna make it
fine a full hot dog I'm gonna drink this
whole thing mmm back of this top Oh No
all right so for an added level of
torture I'm gonna let you blend this out
it's okay it's okay it's okay that's
fine um so now you're just going to take
this
more I'm gonna plug your nose now oh my
goodness look in there looks solid
yeah water can be the exception to make
it drinkable right no no one can add
water yeah you're just a little bit just
a little bit congratulations on losing
up next is Veronica and amber oh my god
juice sour cream butter and pickles are
just the juice the table oh you know
just one just one pickle do you want
another let's have another no I
definitely a D look at the butter
results I knew it all right Hey down the
hatch
mine was proven to be the worst yeah did
that pickle go down okay no no it did
not but for the final smoothing
Cameron's up I don't like love okay okay
I know it was gonna be mayonnaise been a
handful blueberries make me through
what's all free if I can only take one
little sip I'm freaking going if y'all
want to freaking make phony I don't care
I already smell it smells bad
one go I smell the blueberries mmm you
have to solve that and oh no after you
finish you can go get water hold up hold
up hold up
yo man yeah alright guys so there you
have it yet another challenge video
pretty disgusting this time that I'm I
think out of everyone Madison got the
worst smoothie olive juice and cottage
cheese together nope
Veronica is the biggest loser for
actually puking yep well at least we're
able to get new family in on a new
challenge there's a ton of fun let us
know if you like this video by leaving
the thumbs up comment down below and
we'll see you guys on the next one
