what's up guys check out EKKO she's I'm
creating a glare on my thumb and she's
totally chasing it like a cat does a
laser point
yeah yeah she's totally chasing it like
like a cat with a laser pointer it's
hilarious now she's gonna look for it
everywhere where is it at Ecco where is
it where is it oku where is it how's
cool Bubba yeah here on blue
that's good there right I see some
cheez-its oh you speak some cheese's
so we're trying to get into something
fun tonight we're gonna try and get
Scott and Leslie to come over and and
maybe do a little challenge video but we
have a live stream starting soon I have
to run town pay a couple bills I just
want to say to you guys each and every
one of you who come and watch the vlogs
whether you found me organically or you
came to us through watching other
youtubers I just want to say I just want
to be uplifting for a moment say
how appreciative I am for all of you you
watch these videos by choice you don't
have to and I think it's really really
cool that you guys come to hang out with
us every day even though we don't lead
incredibly exciting lives it's one thing
I've always wanted to be with you guys
and that's a hundred percent genuine I
really love the fact that that this is
what I get to do every day and I just I
just want to say thank you I don't know
what it is about today I just feel super
blessed look that the Sun is out it's a
beautiful day it's not too chilly and
spring is on like spring is right here
and it's really time it's the best time
of year to get out there and make videos
so I want to encourage you guys if you
if you are out there trying to do
YouTube and you've got beautiful weather
there's something about the sunshine
that really makes you want to get out
there and do it so do it I stopped the
old store to get some salt for the
softener I'm out I'm also out of
antiperspirant and let's see I usually
use this stuff not the white stuff the
gel yeah that's it this is where I get
my swagger it's the only place because
otherwise I don't have it is anyone else
a fan of these Reese's peanut butter
eggs I'm a sucker for these I love them
oh no so it is currently 456 four
minutes prior to my Friday night
livestream we always have a lot of fun
doing this and I sure do wish more of
you guys would stop in the link is
always down in the description of every
video in case you guys wanted to join
the videos are also available on demand
so if you go to my twitch channel you
can see all the past broadcasts and yeah
we have a lot of fun playing games this
week it's all about Tom Clancy's the
division that game is
I'm kind of addicted right now so phone
call I just finished the livestream and
I've become aware that something huge
has happened outside I got to take you
out and show you but look what Carson
doesn't have on his bike let's see it
dude let's see it oh you need a push
just use your legs no pushing oh yeah
Carson oh no training wheels dude oh
yeah good job Marcin
anybody all right whoo good job man high
five that's awesome no nope
that's a big step
no more training wheels try and do it
yourself you just put your foot on the
pedal that's up and push forward and
start pedaling
there you go whoo yes
curse it did it I don't know about you
guys but that's a big a big big step for
Carson he was so afraid to ride his bike
without training wheels and now he's
doing I'm proud Liza did you see your
brother ride his bike without training
wheels Liza Liza Liza what are you doing
what are you doing are you just hanging
out I gotta say guys after she got some
antibiotics last night she got her first
dose today she is like 10 times better
no rash she's not fevered anymore
turning up good home Liza I feel better
clean for your monitor yeah you're so
cute
look at this Veronica made some dip what
do you call this anyway oh yeah so it's
got beef and Velveeta cheese oh is that
why it's called Mexican cheese dip
because use Mexican Velveeta yeah
well it's super good and spicy you need
to learn some knife skills lady Shh
what fried chicken yep fried chicken
where's your egg wash I haven't made it
yet okay okay I'm just I'm just checking
I'm just checking you know cuz you need
an egg wash
rest in peace headphone users sorry and
what she's beating it with a freaking
saw spin me I can't I can't even looking
so don't eat easily say when you're
leaving you forgot here no tell me about
your Jeep Scott horse guy dig his Jeep
in two and a half weeks ago the transfer
case I'm no League and what steel was it
Frank seal thank you yep and a window
Scott's very mechanically inclined so he
could have definitely completed what
needs done for his Jeep and like a
weekend probably but what's wrong with
it's covered under warranty so why not
let them take care of it
save a lot of money how much up to
almost four grand
so almost four grand spent on warranty
repairs they he didn't have to do but
say thanks to Anne Hathway the jeep girl
fine
there's anything wrong with it but
apparently so what would you do if you
can fix it but but it was covered under
warranty would you wait two and a half
weeks and longer fix it yourself or save
money we're all like our third yeah
Veronica made some pretty good looking
fried chicken mashed taters I'm putting
this hot sauce on here you want to try
some I do really yeah it's good it's
actually really good but it's quite
spicy yeah oh you got it doesn't hit you
right off the bat done it's hot yeah you
guys got to find some of this and try it
delish Beijing hot pepper sauce peppers
onion mustard vinegar and salt run like
a run teller Liza all right bye Scotty
bye Lindsay thanks for coming bye bye
blaze see ya
it's late huh it's 1112 these kids are
like they've literally been on the
outside then outside in the trampoline
it's like 30-something but they've just
been going I'm super proud of you man
riding your bike without training wheels
finally that's a big accomplishment my
bud my dude yeah I tried to do it on out
of six nice let me keep my balance yeah
now we just need you to keep your
balance on the skates and then we need
you to keep your balance on a snowboard
oh yeah you can snowboard you totally
could snowboard next year we're gonna
track
that's how I found : he came up here
went to bed without anyone know lice is
baked called to sleep time for you Bubba
I know you're tired why don't you save
99 red fun today that's awesome you did
that with your bike you prop up it's
good good job it's totally smelly I
can't believe it it was like sixty
degrees a couple days ago I know it's
snowy Ohio huh well good morning to you
guys I hope you're all having a
fantastic start to your Saturday morning
we always start the day with a cup of
coffee or several we have actually
already had breakfast and eggs and
sausage and breakfast burritos with
cheese and Eliza's already pretty much
ready for a nap
aren't you Liza she woke us up at 5:00
a.m. I got up and got her and brought
her to bed with us and it was a restless
sleep from that point on to about seven
they're all right there on the word
coming in usually be girl Liza are you
sleeping baby girl baby care
oh she believed guys kisses that's her
blowing kisses that's sweet
you're so sweet yep so I heard a shower
babies in bed
Veronica actually went to help her
friend Lindsay do the painting and stuff
there I don't know they've been working
the past few weekends to get ready to
move out of their house into a new one
so trying to get that one ready and I'm
up here like thinking about changes I
posted a Twitter poll on my Twitter
account if you guys don't follow me on
Twitter you can click the link in the
description or just follow me at Gilroy
vlogs I posted a Twitter poll asking you
guys what do you think is the best time
to upload videos is it 8 a.m. is it new
or is it 5 p.m.
definitely weigh in on my Twitter poll
I'd be interested to find that out and
like this weekend I've been working on
coming up with some ideas if you guys
watch the channel everyday you know that
we're trying to incorporate new types of
videos on the channel just to expand our
creativity and maybe even touch new new
different audiences and I think that's
good change is is very important as the
growth of a creator I want to start
uploading at the same time every single
day so that you guys know exactly when
to expect a video also I'm thinking
about doing away with the split days
because as things progress this year
we're gonna start doing a lot more and
I've always found that like especially
when I go away to film if I do split
days it really cuts into you know
progressing into the next day getting
work done and stuff like that so I want
your opinion because I really I think
that we having a platform on YouTube
where you guys can share your ideas and
your thoughts with us immediately in the
comments section is something that you
don't have anywhere else and I really
dig that you should see a new intro and
a new ending coming up very soon to help
incorporate some of the other stuff that
we do so I want you guys as feedback for
sure and you know embrace the change
change is good change is important and
yeah I think that's what we're gonna
leave you guys for today they
you so much for watching and we can't
wait to see all of you right back here
tomorrow
