boy hey guys welcome to our Thursday we
are trying to get some stuff cleaned up
around here and actually we had to send
Veronica and amber went there actually
to back to the doctor because poor baby
lies a man she started breaking out in
like hives all over her face and her
chest and her back like everywhere and
it's just very concerning you know like
her nose her her cough or teething and
now a rash so it's very it's like really
hard to do it worries you you know it's
different when you have like the boys
are sick because they're much bigger but
Eliza's this little helpless baby look
at look at Camryn out there Cameron said
he'd mow the grass for us and he's on
that big rock
cameron said when they when they came
home he said that they he goes who mows
your grass I do
like not anymore I do so he wanted to
more aggressive sawsan what are you
doing you're jumping on the trampoline
yeah well Carson's out here having fun
no this is your room boys you guys have
made a certain like disaster here that
don't worry about that that's that's
mine yeah from the hospital they gave us
some I think when Veronica had the baby
oh that's the iPad cover yeah
I'll bet you there's all kinds of
treasures in here you guys never did you
look you guys get this finished cleaned
up okay you guys start working on dinner
and I'm gonna show you guys I'm gonna
actually get a couple clips for Kristin
wrong shooting I don't even know if this
contraption is gonna work but I wanted
to test it it's definitely not very
sturdy so wind would make it move but I
mean of course I could just order the
the device is actually built for doing
these panning time lapses but I always
like to try and like you I like I want
to consider myself the MacGyver of
filmmaking so if in a pinch you need to
figure something out to create a cool
shot like the other ones on my channel
the rubberband quick pan or the
rubberband pan to use with the tripod
that's not a fluid ball head or the
tennis balls on the bottom of a try
tripod to get like smooth tracking shots
on a hard surface I wanted to come up
with a way to get these cool time-lapse
shots so I'm gonna just go outside and
see if I can get this to work so I think
out in this field is the best spot put
I'm gonna set a little timer for thirty
minutes and so thirty minutes later that
should have gone a complete 180 and I
don't know I'm not sure what to expect
this is my test this is how I figure out
if it'll work or not
cool little sunset shot with the
time-lapse I don't know I don't know if
I like it definitely neat need some work
big gear at all
so yeah Veronica just came home she had
to actually step back out to go pick up
some antibiotics for baby Liza because
apparently what she's having is and I'm
not fully up to par with what this means
but well she has this viral Thank You
you I think you know like explanation as
far as like what's wrong other than they
say it's viral but apparently that's
where I explains the rash and then you
won't see poor baby you look like I
don't want to say that because that's
rude but you don't look where you feel
way lowly
why will we
nicely done can we nope general well did
you give him a big thank you because
this would've tooken you guys exactly
two and a half years to clean yeah
baseball buddy I don't know probably
came from Franklin manufacturing hey
Carson tear well good night
they're waiting for you bub all right
let's get to the good part
good morning good morning - Carson good
morning for calling kids on the bus hi
oh my god from going up to hang out with
my buddy Jeremy loper who doesn't
already own station here and it's always
a lot of fun too bad it wasn't Thursday
because on Thursday so does a little bit
called Hylian theater and like you just
Huff a bunch of helium recite lines from
a movie and the audience has to guess
like what movie it's from which we've
done that before that's a fun little bit
but I love you
love you boys have a good day at school
see you in the walk okay check it out
guys this is I sneak into the Blitz
right here the door is always wide open
I gotta wait for a looper to come out
usually they have nice fresh hot coffee
right here waiting for you
sweep that up first on the way in I
heard him talking about Randy Randy
scared that I'm gonna prank him I hate
to disappoint
there she has
Wow not falling for it I heard on the
way Anna your sin I brought this so you
can make inappropriate jokes about
really it's just a tripod tripod so you
guys if you don't know this is our local
radio station the best room in here come
on
Randy we're gonna hang out without
antibiotic why did you just learn what
do doesn't see the late Star Wars movie
right and chase and I were just talking
about that off the vlog and Randy
unfortunately blurted out with somebody
texted into our radio show we have like
a text feature where people can send
text messages then we read them on the
radio well I read on the radio the day
it dropped I thought you knew it was I
said earlier that day I've seen the
fobian Mary hmm now you're heartbroken
you should have seen it though you could
see his heart hit floor you ruin the
ending of the new Star Wars movie of
your life it's it's actually devastating
I know you already knew I spoiled it
months ago I was like let me get my
selfie stick
mine's like more slender you not to you
know be a mine's like really you've got
that BBC over there bro I'll do a selfie
stick I got the skinny silver job very
slender he's trying to maneuver the
studio we're just hanging out the show's
finished we had a lot of fun yeah it's
something about the movie coming well
we're gonna be hosting the movie yeah
but what we do now is we got to do our
promo for the Monday like you know hey
coming on one day what's on the show yes
so people now yeah we're getting like
the full inside scoop on how to run a
radio station writer or radio show the
morning radio show let me run the whole
station yeah sure they don't let me do
that I'm not just saying this because
I'm here guys I've always listened to
the 99 7 minutes in the morning radio
stations lover Randy the best rock
station here look I want to show you
guys I'm gonna show you guys this look
at this room back here this is where all
the what tell me what is this back here
tell me you know that's our control
processing equipment like all the stuff
that process the microphone different
satellites that connect to talk and you
hear the voices just go hello that's why
there's a wall between us you know
access information we don't need that in
our life okay this is a soundproof room
where like you would record like
promotional bits for the radio show and
stuff pretty dope super dope we've been
sitting here talking for the past
forty-five minutes about like possibly
getting together and doing like a
podcast about YouTube stuff and people
on YouTube and like kids and family and
stuff and drones and stuff like stuff
wouldn't that be awesome wouldn't you
guys want to see me hook up with Randy
and loafer and do a podcast about stuff
I mean I'm I'm pretty sure we're gonna
try it out right Randy to do stuff you
know with stuff on the microphone with
stuff remember it's soundproof she
couldn't hear me she doesn't know that
oh hey Kate what you're talking about
yeah what he said stuff alright I was
talking about Patton the podcast idea
yeah lope and I haven't been like
kicking it around yeah and you're the
perfect fit I know it I should just say
that cuz the cameras on or is it true my
god you can't come in here quick enough
scary actually
my panties betrayed me my panty award Oh
anyways yeah I was I was gonna I was
saying before I leave I wanted to tell
you guys how much I appreciate one of
the humiliate the crap out of your okay
now we consider humiliation it was
awesome to see you man thank you yeah
the podcast idea yeah yeah we got listen
it's gonna be funny and storming and
what's coming your way it could be
something completely innovative it's
gonna be something you've never really
experienced before but it's gonna be
something that you absolutely love
transmission yeah but guy the no mac and
cheese yeah everything is better with
mac and cheese no listen you guys uh I
don't know if you realize but Loper and
Randy have been doing vlogs on their
channel on YouTube also
yeah come see us look Randy tv.com link
right there so you guys can check it out
right there see this one yeah yeah I
gotta go home to edit because it's
already done for everyone say later you
guys so how cool is that right to be
considered to do a podcast with the one
and only
loper and randy from from one of my
favorite radio stations I used to always
listen to on my way to work when I
worked a regular job so I think that's
really cool and I don't know exactly
what we'll do or what we'll talk about
in the podcast as of right now but we're
gonna get together soon and try and do
one and just see how it goes I think it
would be a nice fun little side project
I mean this podcast don't take any more
than
couple hours maybe two to film we're
talking about maybe doing like a live
stream on YouTube with the podcast so a
pretty cool little side project come up
there so that was really fun I got to be
honest it's like noon already and I have
got to be able to get home edit this
vlog and get ready for tonight's live
stream on twitch twitch TV for slash
Gilroy gave me make sure you join us I
think that's where I'm going to leave
you guys for today so thank you so much
for watching and I can't wait to see all
of you right back here
