what's up guys welcome to our Tuesday
what day is it it's Tuesday know what
days it's Wednesday welcome to our
Wednesday look look it is very very
windy outside and look at those clouds
looks pretty cool out there I had an
idea I i got this kite it's windy you
can only fly kites when it's windy so I
want to see if I can attach a camera to
the kite I don't let's just go find it
so we found a nice big open field this
actually happens to be a baseball
diamond I will say it's strong enough
maybe actually a little too strong see
if this works we're gonna take a piece
of cardboard we've got four holes in it
right I'm gonna cut out this was your
name Joe Joe suggested we make a
rectangle right opposite the way we're
going to orient the camera so we can
insert this way and then flip it up like
this and duct tape it from the back side
I'm going to tape it hard for two we
don't want this thing come off this is
totally primitive to this is like
completely last-minute minimal
engineering just wild guesses we're
going to fish it through this way
alright so I've got strange coming from
both sides we've got the the camera
mounted on the kite fishing line a
really flimsy cardboard piece that's
holding the camera and the will to make
it work let's see if this this should be
good
hot you need a little bit better method
though because it was very very flimsy
but it worked hmm all right we got a
live stream to catch dude let's go we
tied it with fishing string so it was
kind of flimsy and see him he's happy
I'm proud I was cool did that was wicked
cool dude so that's what it doesn't make
you dizzy you're strong that I mean in
theory it was a good idea but the
execution left a little to be desired
we'll have to revisit that but for now
it's time to live stream well Veronica's
making dinner I want to show you guys
this new app we got toca Boca actually
reach out to us to see if we could check
out the app and the boys been playing it
for a while so I wanted to show you guys
what it's all about it's a Carson what
do we do first you picked the characters
okay and we're gonna go with Yogi's the
heart and nice against the best so the
next step is that you have to go into
the dressing room and pick a costume for
your dancers so Carson's going to dress
up these guys what are you gonna pick
what's the costume what's the best one
oh this one's for a roegan are you gonna
give him a suit and a hat I'll work at
look there's literally a ton of costumes
that you can put on these guys all very
funny oh that's plenty so the next step
is going into the dance studio where you
have to learn all the different moves
right so there's six different spots
where you can string together all the
moves and look why don't we see if you
can do one of these moves right now in
real life here watch this one let's see
if you can do this yeah yeah basically
that's it you figure out a dance move
and then once you get all your pieces
put together you move on to the stage
and what happens here you can make their
bodies and heads bigger and smaller you
dress up on with toast ah you can throw
toast oh mama throw bananas who throws
bananas he knows who can be back oh you
can change the background okay this one
nice brick wall fog machine Oh fog
machines are my favorite and the whole
time you're on the stage performing and
you're throwing all the stuff you can
throw or you can make the heads bigger
and smaller it's recording this video
and saving it you can either save it to
your camera roll and upload it to
youtube which toca Boca has their own
YouTube channel so you can see what
other kinds of dances people are doing
I'll link it somewhere up above or I'll
actually put the link in the description
too so I mean it's just a fun silly app
that the kids can play to learn a little
bit more about dance at 299 definitely
worth it to not have in-app purchases or
advertisements and all that stuff that
kids really kind of get into when they
shouldn't so I definitely think it's a
great app for the kids to play what do
you think Carson hey I like age really
good it's funny huh oh look what
Veronica decided to make for dinner
pizza which is okay with me I love pizza
that's you yeah the boys are getting
ready to go to bed Colin one sheet
everyone good night I'm sure everyone's
thinking about you and your ear
infections and stuff so we want to say
thank you guys in advance it does suck I
used to get your infections all the time
calling so don't worry about getting
better cuz it'll it'll pass it'll pass
Carson why don't you tell everyone you
know nice it tight don't let the bedbugs
by all right buddy love you have a good
day hmm do you after school love you x
rays your school yeah you ready see the
camera we gotta take that trash bag with
us came time to go here we go person I
hope you have a fantastic day I love you
a long time see after school
okay so I've showered and I come
downstairs and look and see what the
girls are up there and it's like a
full-on nail petty party really yeah
look at all like nail creative down here
and it kind of weirds me out kind of
weirded out by this comeback instead
Eliza was napping but now she's woke up
and they're very busy so I'm gonna have
to take care of her but look look
outside look at the look at the clouds
the clouds today are awesome looking and
I had an idea like i haven't posted
anything on my gilroy reviews and how
to's channel for a while and i need to
get back on that like really bad so i
thought of a quick tip that I that I
think you guys might really enjoy
involves doing time lapses in a cool way
not just stationary time lapse so I'm
gonna film that today also I want you
guys to give me your feedback on like
the kite mounting camera deal like tell
me in the comments how you think what
kind of like mounting solution would you
come up with to attach the GoPro to the
kite there's no like bars or anything in
the kites it's all just that like nylon
material and all of the cords and stuff
so I need to come up with a better way
to do that and it's not as windy today
as it was yesterday so I gotta wait
until the next wedding day to make that
happen i'd love to hear your ideas on
how to properly like securely mount the
gopro to the kite strings well that's
what I'm gonna leave you guys for today
I want to say thank you guys so much for
hanging out with us and always smashing
that like button for us um yeah so thank
you guys so much for watching and we
can't wait to see all of you right back
here tomorrow
