hey what's up guys welcome back to
another unboxing video I'm here on
boxing Anki overdrive so you might be
wondering what is Anki overdrive so
basically it's just like a racecar game
or you can make different tracks if you
can zoom up close you can make many
different tracks you can make a capsule
an overpass a wedge
um quadrille hook micro loop back in the
fight
or you can make your own custom track
okay let's have a look and type of box
this starter kit includes two super cars
six 90-degree angle cursed track pieces
four straight track pieces two riser
pieces for car charging platform and one
tire cleaner let's get this thing all
set up so we're building a custom track
these tracks are really cool because
they're powered by magnets we may check
now you need your car and your iPod i
phone or any android device and you have
to download the Anki overdrive app which
we've already done let's get pricing
it's time to put the cars on the track
but before we do we need to turn Milan
so if you want to play with another
person you have to hit open play if
you're the one that's hosting the game
you will cook I will host if you're not
hosting the game you will click join a
friend and I call and we'll host the
game since I'm not now not posting I'm
gonna click join a friend now Carson
pops up there I click him and then we
hit continue then there's four you can
come
I select you can care cool click race
battle king of the hill and tire you
dryer let's do a battle this is where we
take our cars
I will cut down shock I hope it's cool
now the cars are going around track
slowly so they learn the track the
scanning is complete now we have to
click begin match ok the race is on
so here's a pedal to make you go faster
or slower we have different weapons mine
is a plasma cannon and the proton
martini
mine is electro-pulse and tight tight
Ron disrupted I have to use my weapons
did you say can call in to their points
to change lanes slightly after school
you follow back and forth but to light
the more races you bleed and the better
weapons in you power up you begin stuff
there's also other sites like collision
jump and dr. sec
no no you don't okay guys that's Anki
overdrive let us know what you guys
thought about this cool toy in the
comments below that's all we've got for
you on this one thanks for watching bye
