hey everyone Mike and I are on our way
to the doctors to have her checked out
for her fever and this is her third day
with a fever I just wanted to have her
ears and throat checked and her snot is
starting to turn green it was clear
which was fine and not concerning me but
now that it's turning green it's kinda
like
and no baby license getting that little
caustic I think that's just cuz all the
snot and drain it just just getting on
our chests wearing hair and they did all
her vitals and all that it's been 21 and
a half pounds there's baby that's the
baby
hi so doctor came in and he did this is
typical exam he said ears throat
everything looks good and teething
shouldn't cause that - eavers what she
had the 102-103 range so he said he
wants to check her for the flu so the
nurse just came in checked her for the
flu and that's a nasal swab where they
have to stick this like q-tip thing
right up their nose she did not like it
didn't see doctor came in right after I
turned the camera off and said that the
flu test was negative which is good and
could be associated with the teeth but
it could be something viral so just keep
an eye on her
usually the viruses only last three to
five days so she should be clearing up
soon which her fever wasn't as bad today
as it was yesterday so hopefully we're
on the upswing of things and she starts
clearing up life and I are at Kroger now
this is what I came here for
soft and cold
- gun
I'm a lime jell-o
Oh cherry Mon cherry
and then I think they've got everything
for dinner and chicken I'm going to make
my chicken and noodles broth soup
noodles chicken hey at this door I had
to go home and pick up the boys we're on
our way now to me my mom
removing ninja clubs sir huh I'm meeting
her at this barn here so that way we can
check it out make sure it's a good fit
all right we're back home we had the
little meeting at the barn
and I think it went great I didn't film
there just out of respect for her and
her property and I wanted to talk to her
about what we do and stuff like that
there's a lot of other people that board
there and stuff like that so I just want
her to make sure it's okay she said she
had to clear some stuff first and stuff
like that April first actually we're
moving ninja there so by then you guys
will get to go see regular visits of
ninja I got amber peeling potatoes
mm-hmm and I'm making chicken and
noodles and mashed potatoes and I got
rolls and stuff like that this is a
vlogging moment I know Chase is kind of
showed you before but it was the
aftermath I told amber I said how do you
share chicken she says with two forks I
said watch this you boil your chicken
and you drain it then you get off your
handy-dandy
mixer you just simply mix it up put the
beaters on and mix it in it's instant
sure this jiggy
and just like that ten seconds you got
shredded chicken and the more you beat
it the finer it'll stray well it should
be that you have more chunks in Amber's
makin homemade buttermilk for the mashed
potatoes look who's home it appears as
though I missed dinner
what'd you have for dinner we had
chicken noodles mmm let's see the rolls
that sounds good it's delicious
Carson how was dinner buddy good yeah I
missed you
so Colin's not feeling good huh
this had just pounds today he was
complaining that his jaw hurt his ear
hurts and just this whole side of his
face hurts so back to the doctor
tomorrow I'm sure you guys know I I went
uptown today and had a little meeting on
Roman Atwood and you know we didn't vlog
we just kind of kept it to ourselves and
that's you know what we should have done
knocked over the baby there but yeah it
was it was definitely good to at least
hang out and talk and I there's one
point I can make to you guys that is
communication is everything so make sure
you communicate effectively your
feelings your thoughts anything towards
anyone that you ever wanted to say make
sure you say it don't leave it in the
dark and that's all we're gonna say
about that for now time to put this guy
in bed oh no belly aching it's ten
o'clock again you're still up and why
don't you tell all our love for the
gladiators good night okay here hold
this
morning papa
si Bronco supposed to catch the camera
but she caught the camera it was a it
did it look good morning yeah this guy's
going to the doctor today
Veronica suspects you may have some sort
of either ear infection or sinus
infection probably ear infection if it's
not one kid at one time it's all of them
thank gosh Carson is good Carson you
good I'm trying to teach Carson I made a
whistle and Carson's like I can't
whistle I'm trying to teach it matter
whistle and I'm like you gotta take the
tip of your tongue all right put it
behind your front teeth and lift up the
back your mouth so goes to the roof I'll
snap your bus is here Oh we'll pick up
on this when you get home okay bud I
love you yes sir you got it sir all
right captain sir
yeah I I don't really know how to like
best explain how to whistle like do you
guys know how to whistle and if you do
what's the best way to explain to
somebody how to whistle because you
can't tell them how to whistle would you
look at that it's only 8:30 and it's 62
degrees already there's that baby hi
sweetheart
yeah no no no photo oh she says she said
no photo she did wake up twice last
night I got up with her first time drunk
I got over there the second time she
wasn't as hot last night like I think
her fevers her fevers turns away a
little warm but not as bad as it was
that's good to hear the doctor right
what are you
right now given you shot huh well
looking for you I don't think they give
people shots for life and that sooner or
in your case which I think Colin has
come down would be elusive what is it
called I don't want to go to school bite
us I think that's what's happening here
I really do well we'll see what the
doctor says back okay have fun bye ciao
okay so baby lies is still napping I was
able to get a shower in and I need to
finish the last couple edits for the
boys toy review video which is gonna be
the Anki overdrive set really cool I
hope you guys go over and check that out
I'll post it later today also don't
forget we have a live stream tonight at
5 p.m. Eastern on my twitch channel
that's twitch TV for slash Gilroy gaming
and yeah I'm going to go ahead and wrap
this video up again you know I had some
personal business to take care of
yesterday clearly you know what that is
and you know baby steps we'll take it
we'll take it one day at a time and
start figuring things out which is it's
really good to get you know some things
off your chest and and become aware more
aware awareness is everything and
communication like I said so thank you
guys so much for watching and we can't
wait to see each and every one of you
right back here
