hey guys welcome back thank you for
joining us after our short one-day break
there and the reason is watch
100.8 the poor baby lies is finally
growing teeth and they're about to push
through the gums and so like along with
that there's fever and runny nose past
couple nights for us
we're let's just say sleepless tell
everyone how bad you felt like is that
what you can see in her cause her baby
she's so warm the way we're trying to
like fight her fever off is by
alternating tylenol and motrin baby
tylenol and baby motrin and you're
allowed to do that what every three
hours
piggyback in yeah is that the official
medical term I guess this is like one of
her big milestones is pushing teeth
through the gums you can imagine like
how bad that hurts
yeah so the boys have you home in just a
little bit and once they do I'm gonna
take them to get their haircut because
we want the boys to look good
currently they look kind of like a
neglected in the hair department so
we're gonna take them to get a haircut
and then when we come back we're gonna
be filming some stuff what's up dude
what are you doing out here little Liza
you go for a walk with Mama yeah did
your shoes she's man she said a fever
Carson poor thing she looks like that
snapchat filter right now we gotta go I
know
look it's gonna oh my gosh it's about to
go crazy so are you gonna get your hair
cut like me or or what what are you
thinking
I want it same same as what same I have
it now that's not a haircut that's a
hair non cut come on Carson you need a
haircut bud haircut time hey you guys
better hurry there's a storm coming
there's a big storm coming love you
look the cop is creeping on our ladies
the cob just pulled down our street he's
now hitting on our well my lady the sky
is about to break loose look at that
this will be the first like major severe
storm this year I think they're Hills :
it's fine it'll be fine it's fine
let's see you nice little bit of product
in there man he'll be looking fly in no
time all right sir you're next
man calling you really had a lot of hair
on there I didn't know you had that much
hair dude holy moly
first and say bye-bye hair dude Carson
that's it cut let's spin you around what
do you think you like it you like it
it's all done look in the mirror what do
you think you like it
I'm totally joking that's not your
finished haircut person look at me
yeah buddy looking good dude oh yeah
let's get back home thankfully it looks
like this it looks like the sky is gonna
open back up so we might be able to
shoot the challenge video afterwards but
we'll see we have another one we can do
inside but yeah they're ready for summer
no he was like he was like can I have
Joe in there please good all right get
that homework done boys so we can do
some videos so what's for dinner my love
salad and chicken salad chicken mac and
cheese okay do we have to wait till
after dinner to do our video yeah okay
all right then we're going to it's
whether it's turned on I mean it's
looking like it's definitely gonna clear
all the stuff is pushed off that way so
that's a good thing but the ground is
probably too wet for what we want to do
so the boys are gonna do another review
video on the Anki overdrive yeah
although it's already been unboxed I
think we can at least show everyone how
to like to set it up and how to operate
it super fun game and they really like
it so we're charging their iPods we'll
do that stuff back
so I made a salad and then there's no
dressing I just put like seasoning salt
Parmesan cheese and salt and pepper
pepper so good healthy alternative for
dinner good oh you want this okay I
couldn't reach but let's try again hold
on I'm not ready yet here we go
you got some blue
all right boys we got a camera we've got
Onkyo drive you want to shoot your video
you sided yeah I'm glad we get to do it
with nice fresh haircuts this time I
need to get some lights up here because
I think it might be a little too dim so
I'm gonna bring up some lights and we're
gonna start shooting Anki overdrive
video oh sorry sorry sorry sorry that
was good good we finally just finished
we started this as 7:30 it's now 10:00
did a really good job I want to give you
mad props it's actually surprisingly
very difficult to appropriately explain
like or have the kids appropriately
explain step-by-step how to go through
setting this game up and getting
everything functional Anki overdrive
isn't hard it's just having the kids
appropriately explaining but it's
definitely it's definitely a bad time
Bubba definitely a bad time
hey there's mama hey thanks for you know
making it quiet for us so we could
filmed this poor thing
hundred hundred and one yeah she doesn't
have any teeth through just yet but
person can't wear that's a bed you'll
choke yourself out in the middle of the
night crazy
I feel so bad for her
our lives is ahead baby she's a happy
baby all the time and this whole teasing
thing's got her feeling pretty pretty
sad her poor nose is all blocked up yeah
you will get through this Liza you say
have a doctor's appointment tomorrow hmm
I've just finished cutting a little bit
of the boys video and it's 11:30 already
with baby Liza being sick and feverish
like she is she she doesn't sleep for
very long so sleep is a very high demand
around here so I'm gonna keep you posted
on when she wakes up and stuff but
currently I'm gonna go lay down
the only drawback with this coffee maker
is you have to wait till it's done
brewing for you pour a cup I could do
the old swap out but it's messy good
morning guys
expected to wake up last night but
Veronica did it for me why's it only
woke up one time at five o'clock so
that's good but poor baby I just want
this part to be over are you ready for
school bub have a good day love you I'm
diggin even a cat I like it what are you
guys thinking do you like the boys
haircuts and certainly look fresh make
sure you let us know who gives you
compliments on your hair today okay it's
out there you gotta go love you have a
good day
be good Carson's much more a morning
person than Colin for sure Colin's not
not a morning person little girl they
take your temperature ninety nine point
six that is a lot better so just as a
precaution
like we've said yesterday Veronica is
gonna take her to the doctor just to get
it you know I look over make sure that
nothing else is going on but you know
Eliza's our third kid we've been through
this we know that it's teething and with
teething comes fever and a lot of runny
nose the fact that her nose is starting
to become a little more yellow the
liquid coming out that suggests
infection so that's why we need to have
her looked at and because there's like
post nasal drip that'll cause her chest
congestion and coughing and stuff but
just to be sure you know but I mean I
think we should make a dedicated video
to give other parents
to have toddlers tips on things you can
do to help ease the pains of teething
for instance like you can use celery
they can chew on celery or like frozen
bananas of course you have your like
what's called I would say amber saw the
numbing stuff for you Joan or Joe what
do you think how do you feel baby how do
you feel like that oh yeah tell me how
do you feel big girl better she's just
so cute to be sick man you hate to see
it well I'm gonna get us some breakfast
get a couple more cups of coffee at me
and finish up the Edit on the boys Anki
overdrive video make sure that if that
isn't out today it'll surely it be out
tomorrow I'll leave a link in the
description if it's out today or if it
comes out tomorrow come back to this
video and put a link in there so make
sure you guys be on the lookout for that
make sure you guys come back tomorrow
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see all of you right here
