what's up guys good afternoon I want you
all to start today's video by saying
happy birthday come Addison it's about
time you're watching this which is
Sunday it's her birthday happy birthday
birthday birthday happy birthday today
we're gonna go rollerskating did you
pick up skating that's what you wanted
to do you skated up hey y'all ready to
roller skate y'all ready all right soon
as we find parking spot we'll be in
there I'm gonna go back here you see oh
gosh can't you tell
hi I love you you're so cute we didn't
be very go skate in person have you ever
been rollerskating no I don't know the
right size yes
amber yo those skates are hot look at
that Hey
my shoes okay standby lies okay time
these are my ones right these are mine
okay okay fair trade fair trade honey I
don't even know what I'm doing I'm
guessing you just lace them up and stop
all right Carson yeah what the Howard
yeah nice
Cullen you're gonna make it Oh buddy
skating hard right and I ran into a
fella gladiator everyone say what's up
to Alex who do you wanna give a shout
out to shout out your mom because she
goes I went to school with him
he didn't believe her but it's true
there she is back there oh ma ma let's
skate dude
first thing you having fun buddy yeah I
know it's hard but you'll get the hang
of it eventually you're already doing
way better drink up here this place is a
spot this weekend look at all these
people in here oh my god
makes me miss rollerskating I'm actually
turning it up I really
boy said happy birthday to you and you
don't even know him wait what was it
that boy was it that boy that's because
I set him up haha good job dude that was
funny I think came up to me it was like
said hi I sent him on the on the floor
to go up to her and say hey Madison
happy birthday
gotcha
I I can't do that I'm gonna do that I
don't know you call it crossovers
whatever the other direction I know I'm
kidding I'm liable to get going really
fast and try and completely destroy
myself
yeah I just got bidding my heart
look at that call in the homie putting
it down at the skating rink
oh man that's my boy
old skating is over Madison Madison did
you have fun
was it a blast from the past oh yeah
Colin Colin got a girlfriend yeah they
were holding hands Madison got some
random guy to come up and wish you happy
birthday
I may have choreographed that yeah so it
was fun great play echo echoes been
cooped up all day
well not all day since we've been gone
and played some ball play some ball
let's go good girl echo good girl
can catch it
oh good girl echo I'm gonna have to run
some her energy out she needs it look up
Veronica's making Madison first birthday
dinner
it's homemade pizza she requested
homemade pizzas well I'll tell you why
you
well you're fantastic at making pizza on
it yeah PJ came over to hang out you
want to go play soon a new game a new
game Tom Clancy's the division yeah it's
a game Oh fun there's too many girls
down here presently we have a tradition
around here you know what I mean you're
not putting that cake laughing no I'm
saying we do cake and ice cream with
family right and this is your birthday
cake you psyched we're stoked about it
don't worry about in pink oh are you mad
that you did that no it was fun it was
fun
all right I was about to ask you if
we're still cool I did that because
that's just what we do around here we
get we get all excited and we smash cake
in people's faces
especially my mom I think my mom started
that or did I start that he started it
at her 50th birthday party with my face
and ever since then every single
person's birthday they get well that's
just a taste of what life is gonna be
like living with the Gilroy
oh she's poking at me to get you Madison
for your birthday from the rest your
birthday we're gonna watch a movie
hate a movie we're gonna get some stuff
done get the house cleaned up after a
little party which as you know I have to
have an apartment there's always a fair
amount of cleaning up to do
Veronica's own in the dishes I got the
living room Amber's got the table the
fun birthday we're gonna sit down and
watch a movie after we're done we think
we decided on the wave just like one of
those disaster movies kitties it's a
sleepover we can't leave it like this
okay and it's morning we got the coffee
going look I want to show you guys this
last night last night was crazy not
because we did anything but look at this
look how much rain we got that part of
the yard over there floods so much and
it is flooded we got so much rain last
night girl that standing water you could
hear it it was like a torrential
downpour I could hear it in the windows
all night last night and baby Liza poor
thing she's like feverish because she's
cutting teeth like four or five teeth at
once so she was up two different times
last night keeping us up and we had the
time change so the clocks move forward
and I'm like I'm definitely tired how
was your night sleep
yeah you guys camped out on the living
room floor huh whose birthday party is
it Brooklyn oh well I hope you have fun
hope you guys have fun yeah they're
getting ready to leave so why can't
everybody have fun I don't know you're
the one who got invited but so we're
gonna take this time to kind of get
everything cleaned up from the party I
need to take a shower eat some food so I
hope you guys enjoyed our birthday
madness yesterday was fun kind of
breaking Madison into what we do around
here on birthdays we'll just get crazy
and throw cake in people's faces make
sure you leave a thumbs up on today's
video I'm not sure what we're gonna do
since it's quite rainy but we'll get
into something I have an idea for a
challenge but I'm not fulfilment today
thank you guys so much for watching we
can't wait to see all of you right back
here tomorrow
