what's up guys just starting off my day
I was a bit of gun cleaning and echo
desperately wanted to go play with Bo
next door he sees about outside where
she sees ball said since the last time I
shot my Ruger I didn't clean it and I
know you're supposed to like I need to
make a habit every time I shoot my gun
when I'm done for the day I need to
clean it doesn't take that long and I'm
still gonna make that review or a
tutorial video and how about how to
clean a Ruger sr9 I just wanted to do it
a couple times so you know I feel like
I'm 100% confident that I'm cleaning my
gun properly first time I clean that I
got really really sketched out the next
time I shot it because I didn't know if
like I don't know my brush knocked a
spring loose or something I don't know
it's very scary to think that you're
you're shooting a gun and the bullet
kind of like explodes in the chamber
that would be like really awful mmm look
who's up from her nap I just saw a
person I just saw Carson get home
I'm by Nepal I'm buying them all
you guys remember getting these in
school Eko staredown oh snap those
caramel candy bars I'm buying seven of
them right now
no there's almond and and the other cube
yeah plain yep in the pursuit of keeping
you guys entertained while I work on
some stuff
you stay with Veronica I mean you go
with Veronica she's doing something fun
tell him what's up we're going Lindsay
and I got seen her in a minute um we're
going she's borrowed my car for the past
few days
chases car and cuz her jeeps in the shop
so we're gonna go get her rental car and
bring my car back
all right we've made it to good old
perverts let's see what kind of car
looks a bit more like okay what's the
last name ever
okay so we got Lindsay all signed up for
the car and everything and he was
pulling all kinds of keys out there like
she's got options like yeah well the one
who signed up for was a Chevy spark was
like the law little car he's like do you
know what the smart cars look like we're
like oh it's like a teeny tiny collar
but the bigger cars are more expensive
obviously so we're gonna go with the
little one input Scott in it and we're
gonna put Scott in it hello this is
Veronica speaking this is pretty nice
there's not much like trunk space is
there a trunk now it's a hatchback
it's a hatchback I wanted to make sure
this is all the dents
they didn't like that out very good I'm
not being charged for that yeah alright
thank you I'll call you okay so I just
tried to come into Kroger to get the
rest of stuff for dinner and I remember
I came in here yesterday and it wouldn't
let me use my cart like my bank card and
so I come in here and I'm like wait I
should try and call and see what's going
on on my card before I get everything
and get up to the register and can't use
it so I'm gonna have to go get a new
card but that means I can get the rest
stuff for dinner yet this is stressful
all right we made it back home eat tacos
depressed everything tacos
we got mama we got aunt duck here
waiting on so I just finished my
livestream which was fun right cam cam
came upstairs and was checking it out
super cool yeah you did not check it out
so therefore you're not as well you made
a mess oh well look what we got here
guys look at this you got infinite
amounts of top of me taco shells
tortillas you see you did see it you
were on Twitch
twitch oh how are you how's everything
what you're limping what's wrong
oh geez we're tall like this what
happens when you get old you like must
be away right okay oh look how beautiful
that is that's my taco salad and you
know I put that where to go I'll put
that Tabasco chipotle sauce
everyone ready your dinner all gone you
got a full belly yeah you can download
chocalate bars now I know I'm excited
mommy knows the way to my heart with
candy box I've never really driven a
Mustang before this one ain't really
anything special but yeah this is
Amber's Mustang coupe day we're gonna
okay house it and Asura's is Cobra not a
Cobra
we walked in this place and we got a
Hebrew life
yeah yeah a girl the boy as they took
over maybe play some division you
staying here yeah okay have fun
yeah now I'll be back home but in case
you guys do karaoke oh okay
yeah cuz I'm sure I want to see that
did you get just your karaoke Mattheson
yeah yeah these girls are all hot and
sweaty now they're like I gotta go out
she lost her voice singing hardcore now
who's up next
Amanda and Jessica no no we're right
here in this I don't even sing in the
car so it looks like the girls had fun
last night me and Cameron and the boys
came home I put the boys to bed and I
stayed up a little bit late last night
at playing the Division Tom Clancy's the
division pretty sweet game incredible
graphics definitely worth taking a look
at it's pretty neat so I'm about to make
breakfast for the kids and move forward
with our day I definitely want to try
and shoot another review for the boys
today probably gonna be the Anki
overdrive because I think that thing is
really really sweet and we shouldn't
miss out I'm doing a review for that one
before we go for the day I want you guys
I think it's important for you guys to
always see the vlogs that I think are
really good and I want to point out a
couple videos that I think you guys
should go back and watch the first one
being the incredible drone sunset over
water
particularly odd was an experimental
style of shooting the blog plus there's
some really awesome drone shots over the
lake the other one is when the girls go
down to North Carolina to bring amber
back home I mean they're here now so
they're gonna be with us a lot so don't
miss out on those videos you can click
on those annotations on your desktop or
check the icon above you can click the
videos on mobile make sure you can go
watch those that'll give you a little
bit more gilroy for the day always thank
you guys so much for liking and sharing
our videos I think that's where we're
gonna leave you for today so thank you
so much for watching and we can't wait
to see each and every one of you right
back here tomorrow
