spiders are here right right look in
here ha ha ha ha what's up guys love to
vlog Roman eats cinder blocks we got all
the cinder blocks and of course it said
live poison ivy that's right guys
welcome to beautiful sunny Ohio it's
pretty warm out today although it didn't
start that way and some wearing pants so
we're getting cinder blocks because well
as you know we do fun stuff at the our
house today is called upon our health we
got to get 10 Center blocks in this
giant fortress Oh poison ivy I'm highly
like I get poison ivy real easy so we
got to be real careful here you ready
yeah go have some fun we're built on the
crazy epic cool over there yeah you guys
have seen these and probably any like
epics waterpark video pretty cool thing
to play on have fun we're going to go
grab Bubba's to see if we can't launch
them to the moon again all engines on
and we have ignition
I'm sure everyone appreciates a honking
horn all right Roman we brought the
bricks dude I'm knee-deep in I'm
knee-deep in trouble right here this is
way out of my league bro
dude we handled this you know where is
handled now you did you put no know
where I can inflate a raft that's I can
handle that construction part but here's
my question I'm super curious as to why
you wanted ten of those well here's the
thing this been closed for anchoring and
storage storage we're going to worry
about the anchoring part because without
the anchor is just going to hit the wall
or bounce around right right item I
thought maybe the bricks would hold it
to the floor no let's see what happens
we're going to build a pretty epic
trampoline today and have some fun on it
it should be when you think about
trampolines this one should be one of
the coolest
out there you know it's just yeah
there's be honey oh my gosh look at
Colin over there he's just he's mud
bathing that's a large trampoline when
have you ever seen a trampoline with a
theme in it oh that's true
wait if that baby third it can't be they
showed it why would there be a fever
why are you doing it just slinging mud
that's a funny thing I think so heavy we
have to use the quad to move it over to
where we're going to float up you need
my help
you don't on the ground dude yeah
there's an exhaust seriously kids when
you watch these videos I hope you
understand this is what equity our dads
put into making you guys so happy I'm
dead I'm dead it's about time we got a
night you're given a nice round of
labels for you so we're going to put the
anchors in for this trampoline which is
raw over there definitely took a little
longer than we anticipated to get it put
together but we're losing sunlight and
the warmth with it is about to get
chilly first water trampoline go pretty
good I mean it's really tricky to figure
out how to anchor that thing but we'll
get it but not tonight
whoa okay it's about 90 18 the sun's
gone like all the actions gone for the
day Roman fun it was so fun thanks for
it I want to come back he's actually hot
that wouldn't never happen if you
weren't here today he's Austin well I
just we didn't sleep much okay let me
said that it's just that was a lot like
month-old hurts I was just saying I'm
exhausted like we didn't even do I feel
like we didn't do that much but I'm
exhausted from it the kids will never
never know
I know all right it's probably we go yes
we got to get back to the house because
well Veronica missed us
okay and we're back home and it's
morning everyone's having breakfast and
of course when I got home everyone was
asleep you're eating cereal yeah that's
right I couldn't let you guys miss out
on a little person you like your cereal
yeah okay I hope you already have fun
because it's going to be a super fun day
give me up top
give me it to the side give me down low
Oh too slow used to do that to me
haven't really said where we're going
yet but what do you want to tell them
where we're going okay old man's game we
are up early it is a beautiful beautiful
morning and we are going to go to the
little place called the old man's camp
we've been there before Elijah was a
little tiny baby what do you want to
tell them what old man's cave is the old
man's cave it's old man who's ready for
an epic adventure yeah
and we aren't there looks like a busy
spot today guys we should all be stars
in people yeah we're here Liza I call
them and teach you a lesson in survival
okay ready
whenever you're going out in the woods
you got to have a tool it's nice to have
a multi-tool see we got pliers and a
knife and some Caesars in there in case
anyone gets really messed up see right
here we got those banding you never know
when you're going to need a band-aid
because out in the woods if you get
scrape for a scratch of something you're
underneath Bandung Pokemon oh yeah in
case you get really low in case another
trainer comes line get it I go to the
bathroom to take a last minute number I
look over beside me and my guys
literally wearing loafers it's like who
hiked in loafers and shout out to this
super awesome family who we saw in the
parking lot shout you guys I hope you
had fun at the old manscape today we're
about to do that yeah what no no thank
you
it's wet there no are you making that
you peed on so the left
Oh
afternoon Gavin Gavin me buddy the upper
paws it should be a lot bigger but you
know that's Ohio for you and the water
clicks Cooper milky I don't understand
it's usually very crystal clear but uh
feel cool
the butterfly Eliza oh my goodness I
like you do eat it you be kissing my
gosh ha ha
so I thought I was prepared with the
multi-tone bandage but David's got a
freaking of now that's a nice knot in
God and whole like you can get sutures
yeah yeah
waterproof I'm going home we're just
talking about all the different
mushrooms that we're seeing cue quick
montage clip of the mushrooms we've seen
yeah so there's a definite wide
assortment of mushrooms around here is
really cool had we have known
we probably could have came here to do
mushrooms this place is so beautiful man
look at all this around that's all this
beautiful all this beautiful nest this
this piece of beauty I get to take home
every day which is pretty nice but you
take this almost you do oh can i mmm
so nice guys to go out into the woods
and explore and just be together and
have fun and have some first once you
got a pinecone thank well that's really
cool everyone's decided to make quite
the ambitious hike up five it's almost
six mile round trip from old man's cave
to Cedar Falls and that's I mean who at
the hike we took the high path to go
there so it's nice and warm up here the
lower path is right along the stream
right along the water so on the way back
that'll be a lot Mac well there it is
to your fault we're all the way up all
the way up yeah you know who gives like
crazy sickness looking over the edge
like this what ah okay this is wicked
dangerous
wicked dangerous
I'm literally over the edge of a hundred
and twenty foot drop right now bro that
is crazy dude
my heart going I know this tree won't
break on me because it's got a lot of
leaves on Wow well
have the most part of the ask
what whoo whoo whoo it's been honkey one
point zero three miles it took over an
hour yeah okay okay I got you oh okay
Erica there you go little one
Colin what are you doing up there
there's not free you're taking a break
on you can carry me next
oh okay good trade ah over an hour later
you guys hear that I think we finally
made it but all the kids have fallen
apart oh you see the water all the kids
and the ladies are completely exhausted
they're not going to make it back like
we made it all the way here there's no
way they're going to walk all the way
back we'll get a ride I'll get us a ride
you'll notice we're in the back of a
vehicle some kind fellow was able to
take us back to our cars and the kids
are they are so done so we're going to
big in the car driving back to pick up
the rest and go to crazy like in years
everyone hopefully I'm what the carrying
the whole clan we got to take Scotty's
car because my car keys are in the other
book bag are we not the knights in
shining armor right now my bag I really
appreciate you are backing yourself
Neverland Oh
it is incredibly warm we did it all
today guys we we had an epic adventure
yeah yeah lie entire adventure of the
long and tiring walk it was the one
that's the guy that's where we're going
to leave before today we're going to go
hang out with my mom have a little
birthday party just kind of chill that
thanks so much for watching
okay Witzke right back here thanks
Oh
Oh
Oh
