so starting to holiday weekend working
stuff but I'm in no Billy Hill right now
command to do it again sure go on your
lives I can replay it right now she's
got moves
she's got like ninja moves I woke up
this morning I've been editing today
working on some things I took a shower I
did stuff with my hair I put shorts on
and pretty much that's where I hit a
brick yeah now we're at dinner
Veronica's made spaghetti soup it's like
babies and flashback in here and I had
to come those days because I hear all
kinds of squealing and giggling and guys
are um they're drinking Wyatt two out of
like little kids
Russians are you dancing big girl
it's with Eddie yeah so we've reached an
ER time and I want to remind you guys if
you you got to keep your eye on our
channel lately because things are
changing there's gonna be more videos
posted so they might get buried before
you see them trying to organize this so
you guys can have playlists to look at
and you know expect where to see your
favorite videos we've got the vlogs and
the newest playlist to hit the channel
the Gilroy boys review toys that video
was posted yesterday so make sure you go
back and check that out
I'll put a little link up here so you
guys meet that - you say what's up know
what else I can do this
think about house apart Madison's only
14 you guys just so you know her
birthday Sunday
she's still gonna be 14 I'm serious what
are we doing every day hey yeah like for
the UH what do you call it what do you
call the regular skates for her side by
side ski okay so skater than inline
skates yeah yeah like rolled lights yeah
yeah I'm gonna do rollerblades let me
show you how to like yeah I'm gonna do
rollerblades I'm gonna blade it up oh it
will be vlog of course yeah oh we got
about your mom
your mom's got skates her own really I
don't think I've ever known anyone to
have their own skates
Liza Liza made her happy yeah
you heard her bad look at her can you
see the spaghetti all over here we get
his self she needs a bath
all right we we always use that thing
that's like her
that was her newborn and her infant
bathtub but I think she's old enough if
I can keep her sitting down hey no no no
it's a good example of why you never
leave water it's okay it's okay honey
it's okay because the baby can just see
his role right in there now and she
could drown so I'm going to find a towel
on a washcloth and we're gonna attempt
to give baby lies that bath without her
baby bath first time
I forget you see guys this is the best
part about having kids is like you get
to help them develop through life and
teach them things I feel like it's such
an honor and a privilege to be able to
have that opportunity and so you really
can't take it for granted you know so
there really is no other feeling than
watching your kids grow and learn the
things that you've taught them and just
grow into be good people and that's our
job as parents is to make kids become
good people
max water my first lesson
don't drink bath water no major
incidents in the bathtub without the mat
or the baby bath turned out good all
right
so I came out to bring them dog out and
it's raining and wet and all the
earthworms are out
Cameron went screaming Idol elves are
all giant worms ooh
holy moly look at this one did you hear
screaming outside getting murdered yeah
and the worms are out there big uns so
that was amber amber and Cameron are
both screaming like a little girl oh you
were screaming - yeah like a little girl
whose flower them up and DRAM I know
they are but not to me illustrated we
know we know I'm serious we all know I'm
serious okay
tell everyone good night good night what
did you do to your foot it started it
just started bleeding
Colin Carson tell everybody it is good
night Ron awake see it
it's morning we decided to go to sleep
last night and just kind of forget of
logging because we had something cool to
do it but look
Veronica's awake and it's only 8:20 in
the morning - what do we owe the
occasion for no good reason
hmm I'm excited I'm glad you're up good
to have you yeah hey you know what today
is Right today yes Friday that's right
Celeste is the week and we get to party
hard all weekend and by hi party hard
you know what I mean
oh yeah that's what I meant we got down
to the bus stop and Colin had already
missed his bus we kind of woke up late
so I was already plan on taking him but
I was gonna drop Carson off for his bus
and then take column school Carson had
misses bus too
so took Howard to school but then of
course it is cool hey ah the roadblock
I'm still very tired
I mean it's Friday in the morning
starting off okay
I'm alive and well so you can't complain
too much I got me some of this Cinnabon
classic cinnamon roll creamer for my
coffee I'll tell you it's very delicious
Kimber's on her way work out we're gonna
work out wait I've got to get in shape I
have gotta get in shape not that I want
to lose a bunch of weight but just the
fact that I need to tone and build
muscle cinnamon rolls not a way to be
starting like a workout diet plan I
guess but I gotta fix it for the kids
there's miss Liza Liza like cinnamon
rolls
she does her day and her daddy and
Cameron and Madison still aren't
enrolled in school yet but we're gonna
we're getting in there so they're gonna
be here to eat too good my name's me
Hart
week that was weak Oh Bologna you need
to scare your scare laugh scream thing I
realized after posting the boys's
Twitter view video yesterday Veronica
says why didn't you and then I was like
what didn't I what she finishes with why
didn't you like do their hair something
and admittedly Veronica was out of town
when we shot that so hair and makeup was
like on vacation and I didn't really
think about like hair or what they were
wearing stuff so we're gonna keep a
closer eye on that when we do those
videos and tonight when they get home
I'm gonna take them to get a haircut
well while the girls are down there
working out I gotta come up here and get
some stuff done you know last night I
was looking into taxes and stuff I had a
good head start on doing taxes but then
I kind of like fell off because I was
waiting for a couple more 1099s but now
I have all that stuff together you have
to have your taxes completely filed by
April 10th I should be on par to file
well before then but I got a really
hustle nice to help some more
calculations and stuff to do it's like
really tough when you when you're like
self-employed we do have a live stream
tonight you guys I'd be super thrilled
if you came to join us and check it out
the link is in the description I could
tell you now twitch.tv Ford / Gilroy
gaming we always have a lot of fun on
the live stream so make sure you join us
that's where I'm gonna leave you guys
for today I want to say thank you so
sentences
much for coming with us on our daily
journey we really appreciate you I
showed Colin the comments from the video
and it was really cool to see his face
light up like he really I think that
really encourages them to do it more so
this weekend we will focus on trying to
make another video I mean we have two
really cool toys that we haven't done a
review on I hope you all have a
wonderful day and we can't wait to see
each and every one of you right back
here tomorrow
