hey guys welcome to our very first
unboxing video and today we're having
the stick but studio pro yeah let's get
started with the unboxing video so
inside the box we have the stage 2 prop
boxes the to stick bolts and we have the
fungal so you guys see these three
inserts these arrows that is where you
put put it in this box where the arrows
go into the box at first so you just
close it like this and then um you take
the screen the magic screen and then you
put it on here just like that
so there's your stage now that we have
our state and our stick pots you have to
have the Skip bot studios app so it says
tap + to start a new project so you just
have this and then it'll come up this is
where the magic happens all you have to
do is push this button here click the
backdrop slider
now all the green screen is swapped with
an image watch this
pretty cool huh now that we have our
stickball on the stage we just have to
click this red button to take a picture
as you can see on the screen that
there's a ghost where he was before now
we have to move into another position
then take our next photo making
animations with your stick BOTS is a ton
of fun yeah now let's see what our first
video looks like with our new stick BOTS
ok so that was pretty cool we made her
very first animation yes was it cool I'm
not cool let us know in the comments
below also let us know what other cool
tools you would like us to review ok
guys that's the end of our video thanks
for watching bye
