hi guys good afternoon to you we are
here in the grocery store getting some
stuff that's needed around the house and
stuff for dinner we're gonna have Fried
Chicken tonight for dinner
oh you being ornery as ever today I'm
gonna get you
yeah we have to get wipes from the
baby's back and this is a duck logged in
Veronica going through Walmart stuff we
are donating to a charity shop amber has
moved back from North Carolina and we
need the room so here we're cleaning out
but mama won't let us clean out nothing
she thinks we need to save it all look
who's go we're shifting just what do you
think amber we can donate wow you know
what oh this is heavy you better hurry
up before the guy goes I'm gonna come
over there you know that that's what I'm
gonna do bleep on that one well show you
some of the old pictures we found a
bunch old pictures and stuff we'll sit
down go through them later
yeah there's elementary of you oh yeah I
know you look exactly the same they're
just smaller ah coupons Oh coupons we
can do any of these any time soon check
the expiration there's no expiration
date on no expiration they didn't even
budge thank you this was in 1984 Thanks
was you a coupon there back then grandma
I just collected them I didn't I didn't
use them I just collected oh this is my
Uncle BJ which is Amber's dad and my
uncle Trant where's the one of my mom oh
there's my mom don't know BJ my uncle
members dad he passed away in 2004 no
wonder all these memories are like oh my
gosh that's my mom what everyone know
what those things are
they're records but if days have no clue
what these are aren't you - calyx what
these are in you'd say oh well we're
finding more pictures that look at this
Jim look at these little gems here
that's me I'm done I've called quits cuz
I got a splinter in my finger I can't
see it or feel it but I feel that it
hurts I don't know Joe may take you as a
firehouse I need to call the wambulance
the wind it was hey guys I hope
Veronica's entertaining you today
they're aware of all this yeah Wow
I had to bring baby Liza down because
I'm getting ready to the stream and then
I'm gonna edit the boys is toy video
what should be pretty good actually
hey so we have made some progress
mammals handling Liza right now so we
can
the rains coming in in Amber's furniture
is out in the garage and the garage
leaks it's just like an open garage so
we have to get at least this stuff moved
over here at least out of the way so we
can get her stuff in before it rains
it's moving in within the next couple
hours everyone's wanting to know what
kind of camera is good for vlogging and
why did something like this would work
hmm yeah no really we found this camera
in this pile of junk it's probably from
like 1901 oh my
well Cadell you 700 but we are making
fried fried chicken we've got a bunch of
chicken legs in here we're gonna fry up
- Liza can get into all of my mouse
cupboards just no safety locks on them
you got to see this walk around
we can't really see it on camera no it's
definitely way smoke in here there's a
smoke alarm it be going off right now
no no Eliza don't film for eat your
cheese eat your cheese look who's here
well did you see what's going on for
dinner
like this that is fried chicken mm-hmm
I've actually been waiting for some
chicken cuz I got this you know this
Bayesian hot pepper sauce I can't wait
to try it
look who decided to show up just in time
for food why is this gonna get Cameron
wait wait wait wait you guys I hope
Veronica has been entertaining day and
this vlog is hers was her vlogs
Veronica's vlog I am I came down to eat
I'm gonna go back to the house and
finish editing the kids Twitter via
video
got to go out so enjoy your tongue be
nizzle bizzle Oh God yeah I'll just walk
I'll walk funny no I'm not with the baby
Eliza can't riding that thing I'm
exhausted exhausted I need a week to
myself yeah we don't know why No so you
she's we're getting our settled in here
you settling in okay and so I got a lot
to do but it's better it's better it's
not so ever women right now yeah
as it was in tomorrow we're gonna take
some time off business just relax
yes we know a lot more to do but we'll
get there and we do still have the
footage from when we did go down and
help amber pack and get everything moved
out and other buys and stuff like that
so maybe we could just take a look back
at that right now we're playing
covered in snow I know the snow the help
your planks breakdown should take too
long about 15 minutes should be on time
in the Washington enjoy the flight this
morning
if preparation for depart should be sure
all carry-on items are stowed in the
overhead bin orogeny big seat and it all
seat backs and tray tables under a frame
of positions
in Huygens man
we waited
right
we exit through the frame and
I've never done this before we have to
go climb top plane we have to wait
outside all right I just smashed a
couple burgers you're a smash burger
that doesn't seem right
this bag is too
right here first get on win system
confidence requirements
right outside the window
alright guys we've made it back to
Amber's I'm sorry I kind of had to cut
it off on the plane because the battery
died I'm kind of salvaging it's flashing
right now but I've got the other one
plugged in so as soon as it's charged
we'll catch back up but yeah there's
amber and all her house is packed today
is the big moving day
well we're packing today tomorrow we're
actually driving back to Ohio
last night we didn't do much so I just
kind of want this vlog to be about our
trip and moving her back and such so I'm
just waiting on her and Amanda to get
back with the box truck so we can start
loading it Jodi is her friend she's
guiding her back in here oh my god Oh
she kind of kind of closed on this side
how was it driving that thing yeah it
wasn't bad at all like you stayed
between the lines how long have you
lived in Carolina ever since I was 13 13
when you're what 33 now huh thank you 35
34 Oh si 35 this year oh and there's
there's more friends
that's her friends are robbing Angela
and bringing some other stuff and
they're gonna help us get everything
loaded today stuff to do they're moving
that out first
there's only enough room hoping so we
saw have a dryer and the beds because
Maddie's got to take her mattresses -
she's not taking wash machine so and it
seems like the boxes that we stack out
here again
yeah I think we're gonna do oh my god
pretty much done yeah pretty much empty
I think ears throat back kids have
already done this and they've already
done eight all the bad ones and all
these guys are getting the good ones
it's either gonna be handled food or
chocolate pudding yeah pretty much house
is empty
ready to go get some lunch and this
place in the best
best friend her best friend came to see
her often give her love and I want to
put it in the vlog for Madison to look
back on it these girls I guess have been
inseparable the best friends for a long
time yeah you guys are keep in touch and
you can come up and visit so we just
came to this little Mexican restaurant
for lunch and Amber's like you gotta try
trashcans
like we don't know nothing to do another
crash game it's this dream we have no
idea what's in it it's like seven
different liquors and Red Bull
I might behave in the trash can taste
war
I don't like the regular Rendell how do
you guess it but give that Jerry
yeah anytime thanks for the help and
good morning here we are we've got some
coffee
Amber's making toast
fried eggs for chase scrambled eggs
bacon sausage for breakfast yes I said
Gossage
all right are we gonna bellies full
everyone get their bellies full yeah
yeah yeah yeah it was yummy I hope that
we did have been enough flogged for you
guys and you enjoyed it and enjoyed I
look back on our trip to North Carolina
to help amber but that's about all we
have for you today so we'll just leave
you guys right there I'm gonna see all
of you right back here tomorrow
