what's up guys welcome to our Tuesday it
is a beautiful day outside currently it
says it's 73 degrees I can't believe it
that's it Satan's gonna do it yeah what
all right you're going off the chain off
the chain
see how well this works ready
echo still doesn't really get the bring
it back outside I I'm trying yeah here
you go
come on right here let's go come Oh
if she's almost catching it he won't go
inside all right let's go inside water
you like your frisbee be like it this
whole time she she got tired quick it's
kind of warm out she needs to drink more
water
so yeah Veronica and amber went to town
to take care of some errands stuff
clearly moving in from out of state they
have a lot of stuff take care of for one
and rolling their kids in school they're
out doing her stuff ah reminder if
you're watching this right now uh I want
to invite you guys to join our live
stream which happens tonight Wednesday
5:00 p.m. Eastern the links right here
we'll have fun
hey what are you doing I think maybe oh
maybe Oh baby girl oh come here
yeah
how nice it is yeah feel that breeze I
have all the windows open smells like
heaven in here like beautiful fresh
spring air
there's something about nice weather
that really motivates me like in the
winter times I feel like a bear I have
to hibernate but when the Sun comes out
it's warm and it's nice I find no
greater motivation than just that oh my
God look who's home
Carson Carson's home and they want to
show Cameron the one and only the extra
special cool SuperDuper awesome huh
Hongki overdrive we're gonna set up Anki
overdrive
look alive is gonna totally eat your
track
so I had to have them tear down because
none of their iPods are charged imagine
that myth they're all - Cameron didn't
have camera doesn't have fun but I was
gonna let me is mine mine is fully
charged
yeah once malicious Oh mine's charging
so I think I'm about to putt lies it
down for another nap yes and where's
Veronica they've been gone for like
hours four o'clock 60 not 60 now it's
been it's been like yeah four or five I
it's so nice I want to go outside see
Veronica gets back it's a beautiful day
perfect day to fly I got some charged
batteries I want to I realized I can
tweak some settings on my control stick
so we're gonna go fly the drone well and
I'm going to show you guys what exactly
I'm talking about we going so I'm taking
the kids with me Cameron
Carson Colin we're gonna go check out
the Buckeye Lake yeah Buckeye Lakes
under construction I want to tweak some
drone stuff we're gonna go have fun it's
nice out right boys yeah let's get it
let's go
this spot really cool but um we've
already flown the drone here I don't
want to show you guys the same thing
over and over so it was cool to see that
big giant machine that has the the tower
attached to it with the three big like
augers I heard a guy explaining and I
don't think the camera caught any of the
audio it's quite windy up here but he
says basically they're gonna track down
in front of those houses right and
they're gonna drill down and when they
bring the augers back up they have lines
that are gonna feed like I guess
concrete or grout I think he called it
into there so it's like a seepage
barrier or something so that's kind of
cool to see you know the rebuilding of
the lake in progress we're gonna go to a
new spot so we had to come to the only
place that I know I can have access to
all the other spots along like the north
side of this Buckeye Lake they're all
fenced off because of all that
construction so we came to the good old
pop booth camera we carry this one yes
don't drop it all right let's go
right here alright so before I mentioned
that my sensitivity to look left and
right was very sensitive so I need to
kind of like dumb it down a little bit I
guess so if you go up here in the DJI
app right you click this little guy nope
I'm sorry go here you click this
aircraft button you can see gain and
Expo tuning all that stuff if you adjust
these curves and what we want to do is
adjust the rudder which is this you see
when I move the stick it moves we want
it to be a little more intense so it
slows down before it speeds up and I
think that will make the difference in
getting a real smooth like pan we'll
start with something a little less
traumatic so basically what's happening
is we're adjusting that curve if I move
the rudder left or right just a little
bit instead of it saying I'm at 10% it
might say I'm at 2% which would
translate into it very very smooth and
and we've got the perfect light right
now so enjoy the sunset
nice house beautiful
we still got some of it left what a
awesome sunset right it's good right
yeah he'll tell him camera it's good
I'll tell him you run Tom tell him
camera film camp it's a good fun trip
tell him camera I think it's safe to say
the kids had fun you know once upon a
time I was a rock Rock skipping champion
No
are you serious how about that this
one's too heavy you'd help him in almost
all cases leftover lasagna it's just as
good as when I first made it that's what
I'm having
ah for sure it says you know it says
sorry put it up sorry boys but my heart
belongs to my dad that's right future
boys out there no boys tell lies a night
that's right for bed she CDCP baby oh
baby oh baby why I say Dada Dada Dada
Dada yeah doctor bathroom hey Bobby that
baby I just say Dada Dada take that day
they're dead yeah oh there you go
good night but don't let the bedbugs
bite
99 Carson I love you buddy
often times Dallas just shows up here in
his action hey make my hair better how's
it looking oh not you Veronica I don't
know I've never done this before
oh I've never seen that done before
I hope it's right all right then kids
are in bed
Dallas is getting some hair treatment we
have a Q&A to complete mmm
best lager ever cup given to me by my
dude
Pedro Collins off he's not with me
anymore
we had to go to the alternate bus stop
he was late Dan Carson I get it again
with the red pants yeah look at you okay
that's cool
looking sharp dude good impress all them
ladies at school right mm-hmm that's not
okay figured this is a perfect time to
start our QA for today okay I'll let you
answer this one since this one's right
up your alley
so Rachel now at Smurf Bunny it's asking
how our fluffy and flashy doing how are
they doing they're good that's it
they're good yeah didn't pretty good
yeah hey don't judge me don't judge him
here's a good one
hi Jase a @rj say what do you do when
you feel depressed well you know what I
do one thing I mean I don't typically
get depressed but I've been depressed
you know and my favorite thing to do
when I feel depressed or down is listen
to music and not depressing music but
like uplifting energetic music that
gives you pumped music has the most
influential effect on me personally when
I feel depressed
your boss is here come on pick me up
today okay um I don't think she came
she's busy helping amber ah I'll be
right here to pick you up off the bus
love you
okay the next question is coming from
Muhammad HTML focus alright that's not
gonna work
Mohammed is smile what's your favorite
part about having kids we'll look at her
all of it all of it everything the
experiences the laughter the fun the
opportunity to teach them like things
that I've learned through my life
everything until they get older and then
they're like a real handful so Caitlin
Rose wants to know if we ever plan on
moving in the future or even building a
house you know nothing is ever permanent
um we like our house we live in now I
can't see us really moving anytime soon
but if the opportunity arises for us to
move somewhere even cooler then we
probably will if we could build our own
house that'd be super way cool
and that leads us to our next question
which comes from Michael Meadows do you
ever want to move out of Ohio I've
wanted to move out of Ohio for a long
time ever since we started going to
North Carolina like the beach or or any
coastal city is where I want to be like
I dream of living at the beach waking up
every day and like being in that
atmosphere something about Beach that
just makes me feel like I'm at home
Sam Buffington if you met a famous
person who would it be and why that part
of your question I will answer and it is
very easy for me I would love to meet
Jim Carrey throughout my life he's been
creating movies that I've always found
to be very funny
I love his spirit his attitude the
amount of like personalities he can
portray and any film Jim Carrey's just
always been someone in the movie space
that no matter what movie it is I've
always watched every single one I just
love his I love his style of acting I
think he's incredible
okay last question Gomez Gomez how did
you propose to Veronica and where I
proposed Veronica at the hospital right
after we had our first baby Colin I knew
from the beginning that I was going to
be with her forever because I just felt
like we clicked and we were perfect for
each other so like we found out we were
pregnant I was like okay if you know
anything about my history like I don't
know my real dad all I know is my dad
Ron who's been there since I was a baby
technically is my stepdad so I pretty
much made a promise to myself that that
would never happen to any of my kids so
I knew from that moment like I loved
this girl I've been with her for a while
we clicked so well and we had a baby
together so it was it was perfect in my
mind to go ahead and put a ring on it
you know before we left the hospital
after we had Colin I right before we
went out to the cars like we had
everything packed up
I pulled the Jeep in and it was time for
me to go up and get her and the baby and
bring him down to the car but I said I
said do we have everything and she's
like yeah I'm like alright one more
thing and I reek because I had the ring
in the Jeep so I had to go get it and I
pulled out the ring and I got down on my
knee and I said what did I say pry
somewhere something like would you marry
me but I'm a romantic kind of guy so I
said something clever
well yeah she said yes which is great
now I have three kids I'm happy alright
that's all for Q&A alright guys so I
think that's where we're gonna end the
kind of nah interesting vlog for today
if you didn't pick up on it my goal was
to try and do stationary shots the
entire day very difficult to set up
shots for a vlog I mean the goal is to
capture like life as you see it I'm a
big fan of stationary shots however
having an entire video with stationary
shots I feel like just doesn't work it
was very challenging to try that and I
wanted that that was the goal to
challenge myself to do an all stationary
vlog um but I didn't like it
I feel like movement is necessary and I
think movement is a integral part of
vlogging so so with that well thank you
guys so much for watching make sure you
thumbs up today's video for that amazing
sunset I captured we can't wait to see
all of you right back here
you
