you guys I'm super excited to tell you
that I just got off the phone with mommy
she's an hour away from home I know you
don't know I didn't even tell you yet he
doesn't know yes I do
she's almost home mommy's coming home
she can oh just a few minutes I'm so
excited are you excited for me okay okay
listen mommy did say that a camera and
wants to ride bikes when it gets here so
you guys got to get your bikes ready
okay it's early look 4:01 a.m. got my
coffee we're heading out this is
probably gonna be the hardest goodbye
for Amber and Angela oh god I can't even
get close no sir cry
okay
all right we've been on the road almost
three hours in its daylight now at least
and we're here at our first stop it go
Cracker Barrel yummy only things are
cleaned up
that's what I had some sausage biscuits
gravy I just couldn't make that much
I was hungry though tired binky your
stomach my eyes yeah what oh my gosh
care once complaining about the bait
Gail it was too crispy I'm stopping a
gas
somewhere around Charlottesville and I
need some caffeine
double shot it's hard
every thing everything come on Kai manda
this is wrong
oK we've taken a break to get food and
actually rest for a minute
yeah food him salad and subs and cheese
bread sticks and pizza and Cameron
hunting it RVs for three hours away from
home while you getting up off something
I can feel the chill I did I went pee
last time I would be right before we
left and then I chugged a can of
Starbucks double-shot mocha something
and I had to be worried
we've got bellies full and gas tanks
full let's get home
Carson comics I see you
around bikes
I'm home I really got maybe was gonna be
really happy to see you honey there's a
mommy who's got you Liza I missed you
honey I think one thing is a hundred
percent for sure that is we need you
here no lie can we do don't with Liza
yeah it's really her I'm really here in
my hair and everything welcome to Ohio
hahahaha yeah yeah alright I'll let you
I'm just playing I'm just playing
welcome home girls amber how you been
good yeah good yeah there's a couple
more hands around here now got it amber
don't have to have this u-haul back till
Wednesday but she needed like clothes
and stuff however think about it when we
packed it yeah the closer she needs is
in that green and blue tote down there
behind this big giant console big-screen
TV on all this pile of massive stuff
amber you can hey we could take you to
Walmart's get you a nice outfit
I don't have underwear but you don't
have oh no I have to get Walmart no for
her I have to go to Walmart so I'll just
get you some earrings
underoos ivali Mart's Rhonda just told
me that she used to live in this house
oh yeah duckwho you have a name and it's
Rhonda yeah this case you forgot but you
from a baby
you're told you
well I'll tell you this house reminds me
of a grandma's house for sure I want to
point out this microwave look tell me
tell me if you can relate to this you go
to your grandma's house and you feel
like it's like a like a History Museum
look at this microwave it's it's as big
as a TV it's got just as many dials look
at that thing
Liza what you doing yeah we dealing ah
you got keys you can go bye-bye oh I
wish I can't believe your mom made us
lasagna why did she just make it and say
take it home sure is amber then was
gonna have something eater well she
didn't know Ramon six roastin well I'm
just gonna say right now I can't wait to
break into this cuz I am starving - oh
that's lasagna
good luck dog our the the walking dead I
don't know she's in the cap it I don't
know
mmm-hmm sure I'm glad your old Lucas got
her pillow and she's ready for sleep I
know that dryer is insane
oh my gosh when I'm since 3:00 a.m. go
to bed until one is going to be 60
degrees no less for at least the next 10
days yeah that tomorrow is gonna be 72
yeah mm-hmm feeling like spring yeah
there it is hey I hope you have a
fantastic Monday and you behave yourself
at school okay love you yeah so right
now you would be seeing Carson get on
the bus but poor guy was he was a pretty
upset because he didn't want to leave
mommy since she just got home and you
know don't want to show you guys the
kids crying but uh he'll be okay he'll
be okay he just missed his mommy but
we're definitely all glad she saw him
I'll tell you I I did the best I could
this weekend and I think we caught up
you know we we stayed on track for the
most part um but you never really
appreciate what a person does until that
person isn't with you this weekend was a
i opening experience for me to just
really see everything that encompasses
like our family and how everything works
I'm like we're a team and we work so
well together it's just incredible what
you really what you really notice when
that other part of your team isn't there
throughout the next couple of days I'll
be throwing up the video that we shot
with the boys
and I'll also be showing you guys
Veronica's trip because she did take a
camera and she filmed the experience of
is and it's actually kind of a touching
experience to see amber move her her
kids and herself away from their current
situation away from their friends away
from everything that they've known for
so long and it's kind of terrible you
know to be caught up in that and then
have to move away but at least where
they came to you know it's home and
there's there's family here to support
her so it's going to be good it's just
really cool to have more family in our
life so today's Monday which for me
means trash day so I got to get the
trash out to the road so last weekend
while I was in Cincinnati they missed
the trash day so we have a couple extra
bags of trash look but we're getting it
out this week all right guys so I'm
about to get the baby up we've got some
beautiful weather ahead of us which
means we're going to be out there doing
some cool stuff I want to let you know
if some changes coming to the channel
like this week we've decided to kind of
progress the channel a little more and
work on some new things I told you this
was coming before but I just kind of
want to reiterate like we want to do so
many more things like other than vlogs
and I feel like we can metamorphosis
metamorphosis this channel in a positive
way by creating different playlists with
other different kinds of cool videos to
make one of those being the toy
unboxings for the boys veronica has
shown interest in doing like crafts and
stuff like that so we're going to get
her and Amanda and amber in on doing
some other cool videos and also I want
to do some like I'll play this for like
some drone reels we can do some cool
stuff with the drone but yeah like
gilroy vlogs I feel like is ready to
mature to another level and we're going
to start working on making it Gilroy
vlogs and more so let me know your
thoughts
on that in the comments below I'm going
to get baby Eliza up and finish the Edit
on this video and start working on the
others today's going to be a busy day we
may have a little bit of a special guest
in tomorrow's vlog so don't you miss out
thank you so much for watching and I
can't wait to see you all right back
here tomorrow
