alright guys so with Veronica gone for
the weekend I have to be really careful
how I manage my time because I I just
got the vlog edited maybe Eliza's just
woke up from a nap we gotta go get her
up don't get me wrong I'm very excited
Eliza's up but when you're at this
parenting game alone
you gotta manage time very wisely a baby
ah did you have a good nap where's the
snow
yeah all that snow from this morning you
guys is already gone it's crazy
you like her outfit look I picked that
out daddy good try and do the best I can
no Carson just got home from school
Eliza's been up and I've literally been
following her around all day very much
anything done with her awake she's she's
pulled out the Tupperware twice she's
pulled out all these like DVDs on this
shelf a couple times I took her upstairs
to try and finish editing the vlog and
stuff and she's like ripping folders out
of my file cabinet like but it's a good
day you're home cuz now you can help
keep her busy
yeah and help to set up the video how
are we gonna do our livestream tonight
this is gonna be tough okay you almost
ate all your cheese oh don't pour that
no no no please don't do that for daddy
thank you honey thank you
I literally don't have time to make
dinner so I'm burger pizza so you want
spaghetti you want pizza yeah spaghetti
actually butter spaghetti
it's funny it's funny isn't it so check
this out
Eliza's just shown some symptoms or
signs of sleepiness so we're gonna lay
her down for a nap we're gonna conquer
the live stream we're gonna order pizza
by the time it gets here hopefully we'll
be done we're just gonna own this day
kind boys it on centers watching a movie
Eliza's taking a nap right keep this
close by and hop on and do my thing for
one hour maybe Oh
come join me you're gonna join me yeah
all right
where are you downloading minecraft
story mode and a really cool game we
have for the Xbox 360 that's trending
easy yeah it's pretty easy you play
games with me let's do it
well it was fun it was fun we
successfully finished the livestream
baby Liza is waking up all these guys
thank you so much for joining us for the
live stream shoutouts to you but we
gotta go eat dinner and get the baby out
of it it's time to move on during the
live stream while the dog was playing on
my bed with the cat she peed a little
not super happy about that
I had to soak up what I could with the
towel and I have like all of my bedding
to wash
remember yesterday when I said what
could go wrong mom was here um
Vicki wants adamantly me to come meet up
with her at this new spot that opened up
she's arranged for mom while to come
watch the house while I go so we're
gonna go it's that magical time where
the kids go night-night Colin
good night Carson you pick up here in
terrible and good night Tom thanks for
watching our crazy day give kisses Liza
the irony of this day is so real
from his mom wanted me to come to this
new bar the open
and I was packed as she says lovely
let's just say Vicky is not happy and
she's traveled somewhere away from where
I was supposed to meet her so now I have
to find her
ah your flight was good right that's
good that's good that's good when they
leavin
well I'm sure you guys will see some
clips from Veronica's adventure when she
gets back but we were just saying
bye-bye to mama mom was going home now
bye-bye gloss think
thank you for attempting to let me get
out there and yeah but we're all the dog
else we're all your doghouse
I'm sure kind of a crazy night I mean
it's just like just like a whirlwind
like a what but no worries because today
is my birthday and we're gonna have fun
this would be the part where we like
fire up the coffeepot but no we're not
doing that this morning what are we
gonna do this morning yes sir we're
gonna go to IHOP
yep word we're pancakes coffee syrup
strawberries blueberries they have
butter pecan syrup yeah which is my
absolute today being my birthday we have
kind of a little bit of a busy schedule
I gotta be up my mom's like three ish
for like a birthday dinner and cake and
Rasputia
but the boys really want to do this
video they've been talking about so
we're gonna go to breakfast we're gonna
go get this sick box to do we're gonna
come back we're gonna film it then we'll
go to my mom's now I know you're
thinking guys Gil you must have
cojones taking all three kids to a
restaurant by yourself but you know what
I'm not scared you know why because my
boys are well-behaved and they know how
to they know how to you know handle
themselves in a restaurant isn't that
right boys yes
let me also say that real men wear
diaper bags especially flowered ones
well you don't need to cap bad girl she
gets his little fruit packets she drinks
him like a drink real quick huh it's all
gone
so far so good other than Eliza got
ahold of dissociate their very first
things made a pile sold on the table but
so Colin we've all got pancakes except
for me I got a banana Nutella crepe
because of the towel this is inspired by
Vitaly because as you know Batali's
birthday is this weekend - and maybe
Liza's got pancakes as well thanks Robyn
tutorial number
see wasn't it studio
yep and you're getting an extra
character and this ones are not no
they're not so we have everything we
need then right yeah we got it yeah or
an iPod yeah and this green screen it's
just in the box but you can't see it yep
all right I think we have everything we
need
yeah I want to say really good job what
is it yeah they have like but they're
almost like all held together with like
rubber rubber bands or something you're
like bungee cords yeah yeah they all
have different colors well that was fun
that is actually a really really cool
little toy for about 20 bucks that the
kids can it's a really good tool I guess
you could say to learn about green
screen like how green-screen works
because like they have an app and you
can set up the stage and there's blue
chroma or green chroma and the app
actually keys it out for you so you can
make stop motion animation with this
stickball studio things it was actually
really cool and a good kind of first
filming experience for the boys to do an
unboxing video a lot of direction but
they'll get better
now boys it's time for us to go to
Grandma's for pizza and cake and ice
cream for my birthday
if this is the kind of guy and we had a
three o'clock scheduled at my mom's
early 3:41 but I absolutely couldn't
leave yet until I fulfilled my promise
to the kids which was filming that video
they were gonna let me
what else is coming with us sure what
you're here
not bad but someone did say need toner
instead of more please yeah
I'm probably just gonna keep it like
this for about a month my mom texted me
earlier in the week she's like what kind
of cake do you want what kind of food
you want his mom what do you do for our
birthday yeah I was like well oh good
okay thanks for coming to my rescue man
yeah
thanks mom again for the door okay
thanks again for the door okay well
thing that's viola boxes there alright
mom we're leaving
thanks for the partay thanks for the
pizzas and the take home pizza and all
that stuff in the cake you had the door
okay hey I love you a long time Oh Liza
nope
you're not a trash picker so on my way
home I got a call from wormwood bestest
buddies in the whole wide world this guy
right here Scott Everhart he wanted to
hang out with me for my birthday so he's
like yeah let's go to the bar and have a
drink I was like I got the kids but
Dallas is here tonight so Dallas is
gonna stay with the kids are we going
relax for a minute and have a little
drinky boys are you ready for bed you
want to everyone good night I'm sorry
but it's nine o'clock dude bedtime I
can't really show you guys where we're
at because we're rather close there's a
new place that's opened up fairly close
to my house and we came to check it out
gonna have a drink just one drink maybe
two says Lindsey she's like gonna get
drowned they don't have any kids tonight
we're back in my house you guys thank
you for taking me out tonight seriously
we karaoke we did it hard
Dallas thank you for watching the kids
yeah well it's Sara thank you for being
you know how's that tow girl I know I
see it man I see it right there the
boots and stuff alright guys so that's
the end of my birthday celebration
listen I want to thank you guys so much
for coming along with us but you know
what that's we're gonna end the vlog for
today we're gonna bad we had fun tonight
you guys thank you for coming with us on
my birthday celebration we had cake and
ice cream we had food we had we had a
lot of fun Veronica comes home tomorrow
I can't wait to see her and this is
where we leave you guys for today thank
you so much for watching and I can't
wait to see you all right back
you
