hey guys how's your day going so far
welcome to mine I'm out of the house to
take care of a couple of issues today
first thing being it's time for a
haircut
it's good right thank you God
that's our first order business now the
second order of business is a little bit
a little bit personal to me last night
Colin expressed to me that again he's
getting bullied at school by a different
kid a young man and like with my recent
experience with Kevin and and knowing
what he does I think that's really
really inspirational and the fact that
you know these awesome BMX riders go to
schools and they put on a show and then
they you know teach kids about
anti-bullying I really think it has a
great impact on on the kids who get
bullied and the bullies themselves and I
know that like bullying is a huge
problem in today's school so if anything
I can do to help alleviate that I want
to do that so my second order of
business today is I'm going to call in
school to have a talk with his teacher
so she can kind of keep an eye on the
classroom level but also talk to the
principal and try and coordinate having
Kevin and his crew the instep inspired
stunt shows to come to the school and do
an assembly to help the school raise
awareness for bullying okay I just
pulled into the school cross your
fingers let's hope we get somewhere oh
we made it and I was able to actually
pick calling up instead of him ride the
bus what's up dude how school
awesome and I'll have you know guys I
think we really got somewhere today and
I'm very proud of my efforts because the
principles seem to really enjoy the idea
of like having Kevin and his BMX riders
come to school do a show and talk about
anti-bullying I feel really good about
that at least it's not raining right
it's a shame we're gonna go
unfortunately
so she has fun little dinner dad don't
leave me where are you going she's
allergic
what where'd your birthday party I don't
know are you throwing me one oh well
look over there
you're gonna get our lobster calling oh
look it's Grammy and Grandpa you guys
came to celebrate my birthday every Liza
is a huge fan just like her daddy
the cheddar Bay biscuits are Liza is
that your favorite thing to be root beer
that's daddy's beer you're eating it to
know if you know right now
Liza don't get love so she gets broccoli
that's my birthday dinner guys right
there
lobster crab shrimp that's pecan sweet
potato right there and then some
butterfly fried shrimp mmm-hmm Collins
right there with me getting seafood snow
crab I thought it would absolutely be
white that's right that's my boy is that
lemons Liza
it's not time it's another drone no but
it's something I think you'll really
really appreciate is it a coffeepot
the coffee I'm probably about seven and
a half minutes
look at this perfect timing
ready to fire happy birthday to you
we will need a box that's no lie
weird column would you like a smell all
right Graham a well thank you so much
for the coffee pod for joining us for my
birthday dinner birthday dinner
it's good no one else likes seafood
these guys are willing to have what do
we do now
Walmart Wow you don't hit Walmart after
Red Lobster yeah it's like a conflict of
culture we're gonna go this way and
sneak up on
skidboot fertilizer with this new coffee
pot I don't know if I don't know if my
like doesn't have one of these with a
universal permanent basket filter and
look at this I can't believe they just
got me that that's flippin awesome so I
don't know how I'm gonna need filters or
not so I'm gonna get some distance yeah
let's go let's go
guess who's got to go number two this
guy
let's go
get her married before she sees us like
a real gentleman
I dropped everyone off at the door cause
it's raining really bad so we gotta go
fetch the Jeep so they don't
come on dude I need your help buddy what
actually kind of quit raining you know
earlier today it was 60 degrees and
sunny
like right right before I went to the
school it was sunny but by the time I
left the school it started to rain
tomorrow it's supposed to snow like
totally strange how hot weather is so
dramatic it's like a woman
hires whether it's like a woman from one
extreme to the next
it's not a new channel I have an idea
the boys are very interested in making
their own videos so I have an idea to
make videos with starring only them
where they check out today's hottest new
toys we think let me know the
description it's not a new channel yeah
it's not a new channel it's just like a
new playlist on our current channel so
what you think
okay I can't wait to open this thing I
don't know why but I'm really excited
about this thing really really really
important Brewer is not ready to operate
just yet
see let's get started what collect
mineral from your water mineral build-up
equal slower brew time and nobody has
time for that
oh man this is my new favorite coffee
maker slide empty brew funnel into
brewer fill craft cold water pour water
to put on more clothes like wait three
minutes do step two again step 4 almost
ready
plug in the bruva quick pause while we
wait 15 minutes for that brewer to get
hot time for the kids to go to bed
Colin ready for bed sir
thanks for coming to dinner with me it
was fun right hanging my little crab
eater
mm-hmm Carson beat everyone good night
come on it's time for bed sweetheart I
know at times stinks love you I'm not
ready for that you know what happens
next
I guess the advantage to this coffee
maker is a brew this whole pot in three
minutes I'm just pretty incredible so I
got this I got this I gotta use these
right my my other basket will work but
I'm just going to use these for now for
our test pot so
okay so it's finally stopped little over
three minutes and I will say one thing
this coffeepot doesn't have the others
dudes like usually there's like a catch
on the underneath if you take the pot
away it won't let it drip so I can see
how like if I take the pot away right
now it's gonna drip onto that surface
it's still pretty a pretty quick pot of
coffee to brew you know what I did do I
got some look in there can you see the
grounds look look look yeah whoa was
ever exaggerating I thought I saw
flurries but there's only a couple
there's no big deal well I love you
camera wouldn't even come on what's
wrong with this thing I'm gonna have to
send it in well here Carson's outfit
Wacky Wednesday huh cuz it's dr. Seuss
week at school yeah I know what am I
look like my book bag like this button
today have a fun day at school I love
you I love you I love you be good we had
to take a few minutes to clean up around
here we got everything all nice and tidy
Dallas is about to get another treatment
on his hair to make it look more Justin
Bieber like and yeah I don't know how
that's gonna turn out but look here
oh come here oh you're such a good
Walker you're doing good
come here walk with Daddy
look at you what's that
what's that man you guys look at her
she's walking now
all right guys to tune into tomorrow's
video so you can see what Dallas's hair
looks like wish him luck
thank you guys so much for watching we
can't wait to see all you right back
here come on
