well guys it's about time to get out of
here
look at this packing strategy you check
whoo that's crazy hot
it's fun dude realize you're hanging out
are you sad raha it's okay buddy it's
okay man I got some time again we'll
meet and we'll film videos yeah and
maybe it'll be on the Internet's but one
thing's for sure a good time
okay they gotta go settle up for the
hotel room
I just want to reflect on the weekend
what a fun positive experience that
always is to work with other youtubers
and like see how they do things and just
it's it's one thing to see someone on
their channel when they do their videos
normally but when you get to like hang
out with them and share ideas and
experiences stuff like that you really
take a lot from it so I think collabs
are really really important not that not
that the collab was for me or for our
channel specifically but it's always
nice to get to hang out and do these
kinds of things so I hope you guys
enjoyed the weekend but now it's time
for us to drive back home I certainly
miss people eyes that Veronica Colin
Carson the whole family I'm gonna go
home try and catch him before they get
home from school of surprises so it
turns out we're not parting ways just
yet when it's not for a little snacky
Dennis is over there on a conference
call and we have to shoot the intro we
got through this prank yesterday into
the night time we don't want to shoot
the intro at night so we're entering the
intro now before you leave yeah that I
Drive through I mean what better place
it's appropriate actually I kind of wish
we did this at a swamp cuz it wouldn't
make sense the swamp my raw now for real
this time
it was fun man all right safe travels we
had the best intro just now I was gold
yeah it was good well well have you guys
wait to see exactly what happened but it
was like one of those freak things that
just so happen to be awesome
alright dude see guys later man alright
so as you guys know demonstrating has an
addiction which is uploaded videos to
YouTube like an animal right so before I
get to go home this is like yo we gotta
film another video right and JT showed
up gonna give us a hand
what's up JT you guys know from his
weight-loss journey there with ya with
Dennis which is awesome congratulations
on your journey I hope you're finding
some success there
did you miss each other JT what's your
Instagram so they can follow you on your
journey
JT Brown 9 yes yeah go show JT some love
it's always a big help when you have
people behind you on something as big as
this you know yes weight loss is very
important not only for like your
happiness for your health is it what's
more important the diet or the exercise
the diet what do you have the most
results good the most results I feel is
in my clothes I fill my pants a lot
looser oh wow my shirts feel a lot more
bad year oh they say they can see it in
my face no at me slam now son alright
Danny I'm out JT good to meet you bro
stay up on that weight loss journey hey
gal that weight loss journey I'm gonna
stay down yeah yeah bad choice of words
my bad no words you had to make a quick
pit stop at the store because Branca
said I don't have any coffee so you know
that's very important for tomorrow
morning so we're gonna get some coffee
and
that's right guys flowers just because
every girl
hi big girl I got you flowers three
heart yeah I want to hold her baby I
want to hold that baby yay daddy Tom a
big boys
hi there buddies what you doing Justin
Bieber that's a little less a little
right let go that's a little more yellow
than I I know I gotta get some more
bleach I'm gonna bleach it tomorrow and
then a certain someone told me to go to
Sally's and get sober hair dye silver
hair dyes and explain to everyone again
why exactly did that cuz you got two
hundred fifty thousand subs all right
Dallas said that if we got 250 thousand
subs he would bleached hair white well
if you give them to five hundred
thousand subs me and her are gonna go
skydiving with this family
what Liza
back inner daddies are the girl
sure how you do it yeah all over me oh I
can feel that other tooth is still in
there yeah hey why don't you tell me
what you did this weekend not no one got
to see you guys what do you guys do this
weekend you can't remember what you did
this weekend Carson knows we swam with
blazing bling yeah you went to a hotel
we were tossing your coffee
sure Carson won't you tell everyone
since Colin's a man of like very few
words
yeah but Scott wasn't there no but I
mean Colin we were in the pool and they
also had a hot tub and we went in the
hot tub they they rented a hotel room
and just for the purposes of swimming in
the pool because they wanted to swim
totally missed the episode of The
Walking Dead which don't you spoil it
for me cuz I still I'm gonna watch it
the only way I can watch it is by like
you can purchase you can purchase
episodes on iTunes so we're gonna do
that here in a few I'm gonna tell you I
really
you really miss these kids when I go
away why because it my kids are so
awesome
that's right you're awesome how about a
high five
thankou fee yeah I don't know what do
you guys say did you miss the kids let
me know in the comments I know you did
come on good night good night so I'm
gonna get the kiddos in bed yeah so we
can have some Mongo bed myself so I had
a chance to watch The Walking Dead
pretty good looking pretty interesting
but now it's time for my favorite part
I've missed an actual cup of coffee I'm
telling you what no better smell or
taste and Folgers in the morning no son
I'll be at school later okay okay I love
you have a good day
remember what I said you probably don't
understand what that meant but Colin
wants me actually I told him I'd go to
school today
and I've talked to his teacher because
there's he kind of broke down on us last
night talking about how he's got a kid
that's constantly bullying him calling
him girl Roy told him how to handle it
but I'm also gonna go to the school have
talked to the teacher to let them know
that if the problem persists we're gonna
have a conference with the kids parents
and you know cut the whole everyone
involved and say look this is what's
happening if it doesn't stop we're after
you know we want it to stop
you know it's for lunch today well let
me tell you son it's peanut butter jelly
time peanut butter jelly time when the
lunch bell rings you can skip the line
because it's peanut butter jelly time
there's a bus my good sir I hope you
have a good day okay I'll see you when
you get off I love you be good have fun
okay Tuesday I got the kids off to
school and I'm gonna wash your bottle
for baby lies and look at this girl like
look at you Visor
the first thing got her up and she's got
this little hat on it's so fun going out
I'm doing stuff and working with
everyone and filming and all that but
there's no there's no greater feeling
than like being home around the people
you love especially this little girl
look how could she not make you smile oh
yeah don't touch that oh that's trash
yeah dang needs to empty that that is
where we're gonna leave you guys for
today thank you so much for coming with
us at Cincinnati we've had a lot of fun
and make sure you come back tomorrow to
see what kind of progress we can come up
with this whole Holi situation over here
thank you so much for watching we can't
wait to see all of you right back here
