what's up guys welcome to our day I
wanted to start off today's vlog with
something a little different because
we're getting ready to go out and do
drive through prank for a hot Scannell I
always wonder like what do they use to
film with what kind of gear how do they
do their shots so raha is gonna show you
what kind of gear he uses to film his
classic drive through pranks ok come
here a hot show this out basically it's
um it's really not much you know I was
gonna make a quick you know video on my
channel kind of showing you how I filmed
this but you know this is really not not
that difficult basically what I do is um
well before I used to use a flip camera
and take that and place it on the
passenger's side kind of in the handle
and that would be the flip cam if you
don't know the flip cam is literally a
super small like handheld camera with
one button on it which is good more yeah
they'll stop making it that again fit
perfectly you know got the right angle I
was like alright that's it that's all I
needed but you know last year I switched
to this and this is you know pretty
pretty amazing this is actually the same
camera that Tom you guys know Tom mabe
Tom uses the same kind of camera for his
his videos we have like the big camera
the Sony NEX cams with shotgun mics or
wireless mics and all that stuff so like
I thought it would be beneficial to say
you don't need all that crazy stuff to
pull off pranks you can make decent
pranks with just a GoPro camera but for
auxilary so I mean you know I use this
also as my backup you know again the mic
on that cam is really good I've never
really any problems stereo yeah it's all
about the concept
hell I mean I've shot my phone before my
very first prank videos my drive through
videos I shot on my iPhone 4 and it
worked
that's awesome place to wait after lunch
dinner is like light wrapper yeah I
might do something like that but I don't
know okay
yeah that's cool that's right yeah this
reminds me of the good old days when we
used to film in the back of Dennis's rap
for work no it was a forerunner yeah so
we're getting ready to do this tried to
prank and raha has his own camera angle
set up inside his car and I'm gonna be
shooting through the back of this window
right with basically a two shot at first
he was scared Lee was like excited cuz
he recognized and I love I love when
that happens because then they're like
it relieves the whole situation
the first there's scan they're like real
offering with you yeah yeah yeah yeah
look Dennis I don't know if you guys can
see from here but Dennis is literally
sitting in a thorn-bush
I had to run out real quick from the
from the car because that window right
there they could see him but the person
around the window turned their back real
quick and then it hopped out super fast
and literally is sitting in the
thornbush thing about drive through
pranks is when you go through the the
drive do you actually have to order
stuff so inherently there's like an
abundance of food and going ham on these
white castles like Dennis show me all
the fast food bags
yet we do have all the features oh my
gosh we're gonna do something special
with that later I'm so full would you
want us to do anybody on the streets
never eat bean burrito yes that's what
we're doing with the food I don't know
if you could hear Dennis earlier we're
gonna take all the food that we got
today yeah pick up the homeless in
downtown area
like that's a lot of fast food yeah oh
my gosh yeah all three of them we know
that was Popeyes yeah that was Popeyes
this got caught and then all of a sudden
we just like redeemed himself and got
all three man I was probably the best
clip like what's funny is I was about
cuz it was over you know I mean I was
about to stop recording I can't roll the
window down
no keys yeah of course yeah of course
anyways yeah I thought it was over and I
was about to stop recording right yeah
so I just kept recording down and it was
it was good because they went nuts oh
this is where we give away this for you
guys this is gonna be awesome and just
like that it's all gone that's like a
magic show you made it all disappear
don't we all meet the spirit that's good
oh it looks good yeah that's awesome
well raha comes out of the darkness you
know it just gives away off look we
stopped a couple guys but there was a
big reformer stand by the church Rahab
just like says you guys won fair and
they were like yes no food going away
away saying yeah well we ended on a good
night
that's all some great reactions me I
cannot wait to cut this video I feel
sorry for you to cut this video actually
this cameras footage his cameras footage
it was in the car and also a
a audio recording device so he has to
synchronize that audio that's awful yeah
yeah you're gonna break check me I know
was it last night I think I lost my head
kept be everything right there we tried
to get rock bottom so we're gonna get it
tonight then have a celebratory dinner
you know why because next weekend is my
birthday you know
next week is my birthday thank you and
tomorrow we go home Glavine Joker very
successful let's cheers to that guys
here's our water
I just want to go to sleep it was a long
night last night I didn't really film
any of it because well I mean I just
wanted to have a you know I want to have
some bro time broke down Rotom birthday
celebration couple drinks came back here
actually we stayed up pretty late but
we're not quite done yet
Dennis has to get some yeah all right
natural born pranksters promo pilot
stuff shop so we're gonna go do that I
see you
let's see you Hilton oh sorry
Paul account look at that
I'm gonna take Veronica here on our
ten-year anniversary to help them it's
gonna be so much
you see that tower right there
that's great our we decided we couldn't
find a suitable spot last night to film
Dennis's shots so we're gonna go up to
that creep tower that has the it's the
tallest building in the city so we're
gonna get those shots up there they're
looking at you
so are the
I don't know if I'm ready for this due
to 45 floors suis are jumping no I have
a thing with Heights don't do it it's
already shaken here it is
my goodness
we are up there
there's Bengal stadium right
pretty huh thinking it's a little too
bright up here to shoot not as windy as
I thought but the Sun is very bright I
think it wouldn't make a flattering job
this is where we were trying to go last
night but they're having a event the
Hall of Mirrors swear man's the entire
hotel reminds me of the Titanic for some
reason it really does
get your tickets now for this Zillow and
our crazy lives I hate that part dude
you're gonna hate me but I don't know
when the battery died with the Mike's
battery dead Dennis that just told
Dennis to all the hard work he had to do
is lost because the Mike's battery's
dead but dude don't freak out because
it's just a prank bro it's just a prank
bro it's just a break room I was like I
better not move or say anything I just
wanted to help you I know this is hard
and it's annoying to get through but now
you're fresh
now you're clean all right so we're got
work ahead move forward here 12:50 we've
just finished filming Dennis's uh call
to action clips and we have to check out
racers for the movie excited you a
special Fanta me Rebecca yeah you're
programmed you're certainly programmed
we have to check out the hotel one
o'clock
so we have 10 minutes to get to Gotham I
will make hey guys Dennis Roady here
from the movie natural right here hey
guys Dennis Roady here were some huge
news for those of you living in the
Columbus Ohio area movie I made with
Roman Atwood and natality called the
natural born pranksters it's coming to
your area
hey I messed up again hey guys Dennis
Roady here hey guys
Dennis Roady with some huge new hey guys
Dennis Roady here with some huge news
for those of you living in the Columbus
Ohio area the movie I made with Roman
out with Vitaly and chase Gilroy called
the natural born pranksters is coming
out in just a few weeks and we're going
to be in your city on March 25th for a
special fan premiere event watch the
movie live with us before anyone else
and after the movie we're going to do a
special Q&A talking about making of the
movie and our crazy lives can't wait to
see you there
get your tickets come hang out with us
before they sell out natural born
pranksters tour calm and chase Gilroy
will be giving wet willies to five lucky
people it's really crazy to like just
read a script and you get tongue tied
and tongue twisted and you got to add in
special things and not forget this
mention special things
yeah vlog you just go off the cuff
there's mr. nuts reality that foon looks
like one hour I think one hour bro I
don't know about now it gets what it
what one have like eleven some poison
two hours nine ten one hour hey guys
Dennis Roady here what's up huge news
for those of you in the Columbus Ohio
area or standing in this elevator right
now the movie I made with Roman Avila
did Batali go the natural born
pranksters it's coming out in just a few
weeks and will come into your city
not his and just a few weeks it's fine
we all get it you're you're in a movie
with Roman Ally and it's coming out in a
few weeks but you're gonna be special
fanfare event where they can come and
watch the movie live with you and after
we read to you you're gonna answer some
questions about how you made the movie
and your crazy lives so don't forget get
tickets now before they sell out their
act natural born pranksters tor.com so
aside from my chords here everything I
have is already packed and ready to go I
have to help dentists get the manic
impact and all that stuff for hots
getting packed we got to get out of here
it's a bum rush it's kind of an area but
that as we were gonna end this video for
today I want to say thank you guys so
much for watching we sure will miss you
coming live at a Cincinnati I don't
think it's gonna stay it's not gonna
stay go on top of what alright guys
thank you so much for watching we can't
wait to see each and every one of you
right back here tomorrow
