what's up guys welcome to our day
certain was coffee and pour her hot over
there ha we it happened this morning
that we got you on the show we want to
talk about it I'm just gonna be sitting
here pooping and all of a sudden yes we
knew it we knew enough though to wait
until you were dying because we could
hear when you got under the water
yeah if you miss that go back to
yesterday at the end of yesterday's vlog
we're know we got rahat in the shower
with some cold water don't go back it
was hot I didn't see any parts actually
I was only getting the audio that's all
the cameras like through the door I'm
like ha ha ha we're about to leave now
to go to the grocery and get a bunch of
stuff for filming today so as soon as
Dennis is done we should just leave in
the hotel I found out very quickly that
in an elevator you can actually try and
open the doors and it will stop the
elevator
poor Roja me too on that like it was
like Rojas I did it because it was like
a magic trick I'm making the elevator
stop yeah so you stand there in front of
people
I'm a couple actually got it
maybe chase is like the one that's doing
it or whatever and then you're like
using your magical we have somebody on
each floor and I like use my powers
doesn't be like I just want to stop here
yeah you just really get off here yeah
look pulling the cord on a city metro
when it does stop you trying to open it
it's not like a safety feature where it
does completely stop the elevator very
quickly and like I felt like I got a
vertigo from it you felt dizzy right I
don't recommend doing that three lemons
here up I don't hear aha hold the camera
Roja doesn't know how to juggle
I'm really bad at logging alright you
just did great thank you this is my
stance by the way
what about the copyright music up here
it's fine it's it's ambient everything's
good sure
see oh I totally missed everything you
missed it we came to the store to get
supplies for today's videos i think
dennis got lost at the crane you know
like the toy crane machine yeah he has a
thing like every time he passes one of
those things he'll try and win an animal
or something
the card is full of complete randomness
right that's all their stuff I got one
thing only one thing toothpaste I first
I forgot my toothpaste
what have it big giant do at home I
don't need a big giant boobs like raha
come on you're making me feel bad should
I get the big tube would not be cheaper
what okay he is being too hard on me
well I mean I am the guy who said nobody
likes Hedgehog hey not mine
we stopped at Penn Station perk up
ourselves
mine looks awesome right flatline rods
is like 94 exam watch yeah nice babe
ounce it whoa
rods showing me some mattress but I want
for you okay I got one for you ready
right here hold the camera let's show
you let me see the bag okay I believe
you
mm-hmm let me see the ball okay take
your ball back okay thanks this wait
okay okay what is it boy you see oh my
god it's magic oh my gosh oh it's super
easy what what all you do is you just on
us fishing Oh clever thing huh
yeah it's all happy boom boom yep ah
there might be a trick working here huh
what do you think that's good right I
like it something kind of like that
alright nomatter um I need something me
some stuff and some time okay okay we'll
come back to that price we're finally
starting to film and we're hot we need
some cards right for the intro piece but
instead of using regular cards I think
we should use these special cards these
are from rich Ferguson himself dude
never opened thank you yeah exactly what
I was gonna say yes yeah that's him look
freaking rich Ferguson
he's such a fun guy yeah all right uh
you guys ready yeah we we just stopped
from filming because in the middle part
there of the suite Dennis is doing some
spray-paint projects with his rocks and
it's pretty strong over there
turning like evening now and look at the
Golden Hour it's so pretty
we're going to try and get outside and
get some drone footage of the city
tonight what Dennis is telling me that
you see this right here this is a one of
the stadiums over there is the red
stadium right there where you see the
white I think those are lights
that's a stadium and that's a stadium
and he said he tried to fly here before
and there's no fly zones over stadiums
within a certain radius if we get out
there and get the drones picked up I'll
show you but apparently you can't fly
anywhere close to the stadiums so I'm
interested to see that also interesting
to get some nice shots of the city all
lit up
first of all hey guys say what's up to
Veronica I got a show Veronica
alright I'm gonna turn you around honey
can you see yeah here we're in the
bathroom look don't be scared so I guess
I'll fill you in Veronica and the kids I
sent to stay the night at a hotel so
they could go swimming they wanna go
swimming
they're currently at this hotel pool hey
Carson are you having fun Baba oh well
that stinks
hi Colin what's up buddy
hey Blaine hey blaze what came down the
fountain square to get some food at a
little place called rock bottom this
place is pretty especially when that
fountains going it's far too cold I dare
you to dive in there that would make it
so much cooler if he dove in there with
no water
there's a 55-minute wait in there so the
only place that have available seating
for us or this place be if I take the
beat a battalion joy you missed it I had
some sampler bruschetta but we got this
Bolognese Bolognese I feel like
but this looks divine and I'm starving
how's it taste
oh my gosh look at that I wanted to take
veronika on one of those that's so cool
hi Liza hi sweetheart
did he miss you big girl so for the
first time in the city of Cincinnati
we're about to take the drone out for
its inaugural official city skyline
flight which I'm pretty excited about
film today dude everyone's almost to the
crash mode hots like Rojas not coming
he's ready for bed
poor guy I wish you would come but if
you're super tired I can't blame you you
were practically falling asleep before
we left he's like guys in the wall
so those drone shots are on point am i
right Cincinnati skyline at night is
absolutely stunning and those shots
right those shots were mm-hm so it is
morning good morning and we're getting
ready to pull a pretty serious brain
fantastic hotel prank on the cleaning
service no no no no no no all right so i
fashioned up a pretty clever and
perfectly camouflaged camera hide for it
in the bathroom voila it's just the
GoPro sitting inside the toiletry bag
she'll never see that dude yo it's just
a break bro oh just a break bro just up
break bro whoa hey listen it's just a
prank chill out doll so we came
downstairs and have a little bit of
lunch before we move on whoo today you
can starting off with some of that
Canadian classic poutine a prank that we
tried to pull this morning on the maids
we need a little bit more so we're not
gonna show you exactly what we're up to
I'm gonna do it's gonna be good I'm
gonna get more this week yeah it was a
lot of fun heading out last night and
getting that drone footage very very
cool shots I hope you guys enjoyed that
in the comments what you think since
it's Cincinnati Skyline that's probably
some of the best nighttime proteges got
in the drum so far a bit does any other
city have their city name and lights I
don't know that was super cool that was
super cool
raaah you missed out oh my look behind
me look at him he looks so rested oh you
look so rested ood yeah I'm gonna set
you guys down over here while we eat and
I do want to say thank you guys so much
for watching I can't wait to see all of
you right back here tomorrow
