what's up guys I'm just passing what
could be the scariest place for me look
check that out Kings Island specifically
drove this way so I can see it if you
know anything about me
rollercoasters scare the crap huh I've
only written to in my whole life and I
did not like it
or almost a sense eating so I had a
really funny clip just then which you
guys will never see because the camera
for the millionth time some reason this
camera is is messing up corrupting clips
I don't know but anyways what I did say
was we much like the collab fest he just
opened the door I'm coming through dude
I don't care you actually struck like a
snake I'm gonna get you if you remember
the collab fest videos we rented a hat
wall Dennis rented a house for us all to
stay in and film in and do all that so
there's an awful lot of room here and
Dennis's apartments so we're going to do
the same thing and yeah well you'll see
when we get there
oh yeah how'd you even know I'm back
there I'd like to see you a mile away
you can't see me I'm so skinny this
isn't the house that we're staying at I
don't know if you guys remember my good
buddy Mike Mike on Sakai how's
everyone's well I can't say everyone's
aspect but people have asked like what's
top of Mike Birds you get well it's the
story dude how you been expect yeah that
was the point I wanted to make was you
remember when I went and saw him I was a
while back Mike Mike was kind of like
you know limited on what he could do but
now Mike is free so congrats dude I'm
happy free man yeah so we stopped by
here apparently the house Dennis tried
to rat was like the guy bailed on him so
now we're I was like yo my cousin got
married in town here in Cincy they
rented a hotel and we got snowed in and
because we got snowed in and they gave
us the Presidential Suite
so Dennis just tried to get the
presidential suite but it was booked so
we got like the next best thing I had
this plan to like introduce the guests
for this weekend in a cool way but
things just went from really kind of
steady to certainly off we got in a
brainstorm session and I started
breaking out the props we had like one
of the props would be like well I want
to show them that's the whole prank
that's one fireball the point isn't it I
was just sitting here thinking that we
found the three of us in this bathroom
so Dennis is here and what you guys say
what's up to raha you see you may have
seen his YouTube channel he does magic
stuff on YouTube
here and there on YouTube I'm more on
penny penny oh well I want to say it's
pleasure me dude oh I didn't meet you
got me hang out with you further we do
these guys are called the gladiators the
gladiators yeah they named themselves
you find I need to come up with a clever
name for my audience its natural didn't
let them do it yeah I mean
tell them tell them what his I go watch
man yeah what do you think I'm trying to
think of a name here it's gonna take me
a second Under Armour
oh now everybody's gonna call me a
sellout now
we were like taking this hotel look at
this room we got Dennis hooking it up by
the way so we got this room here this is
where Dennis and I will be this is like
the I guess this is where we're gonna be
filming basically so much room for
activities look at this view
now bad it's something expect some
morning time-lapse
we're afternoon time-lapse or evening
time lapse we got a little bar here and
then there's another bedroom here for
rahat himself
Rohan's bathroom brought us out for
dinner with a jury
this is like one of the places you have
to visit from Cincinnati it's called the
precinct and they're known for like
state that you guys it's called the
Collinsworth right and Bearnaise sauce
asparagus garlic mashed potatoes and
what is this onion krispies Mike came to
join us too so I gotta say the steak we
just had was super super good so look at
this setting you guys remember this
right you remember the spot right Mike I
don't care what you say
this place is infinitely better oh I'm
telling you dude you are yeah
it looks like liveable look at this room
you remember this room was insane except
for the black mold man you need to spray
some bleach on that I already did and
came back any of that stuff anymore now
you just need to eat your rice krispies
there it is a big old bear hey man you
really fit in there yeah I was like oh
no I saw the video that's a huge bear
trying to brainstorms this is the part
of the weekend where we start
brainstorming exactly what videos need
to be shot and how we're gonna go about
doing it currently is 9:39 p.m. yeah and
we haven't fully filmed anything yet
which is all mostly part of the original
House Christmas Day yeah there's a big
confusion there delays cabbage
what your thought your thoughts are hot
film was already we're just we're I find
something on the film tonight because we
already have a big schedule we're gonna
go walk around the hotel trying out this
map just look at it just look at him
they can tell when it's that close no no
but I don't even on the College of
Couture each other to seek those because
the cameras like run up in your face
so we found out that in in the hotel
this weekend there's a marriage
counseling and then
yeah yeah the guy who got in an elevator
with had like a bad job
yeah they're doing marriage counseling
so perfect opportunity to mess like
figure out some sort of marriage problem
praying or something like that we're
just sitting up here enjoying the view
that's me but here a lot of lighting on
that yeah yeah it's just like it's like
evil people but something about it it's
just like welcome to hell and the
building's pretty cool and her hats
gonna sleep yeah then this actually went
out to meet Mike and we stayed behind
because we're responsible adults oh all
right I'm going to edit I'll see you in
the morning or hot yeah cuz wrong with
this light there's a Starbucks
downstairs I'm ready to get some coffee
are you doing you see that big bone line
of people there they're all here for
that it's like marriage counseling
convention the hotels having that's a
lot of people with a lot of troubled
marriages but I will say it's so nice to
see that at a time when divorce is
always happening that many people care
enough about their relationships to you
know do something about
I think that's pretty cool
so no sorrows
I don't know breakfast Gina for
breakfast breakfast happens by all but a
hot hot dude look at those boxers dough
it does boxers dough yeah we bout to do
- our hood oh he looks tired
I took sure yeah Charlotte is so retro
yeah I just want to say real quick
didn't came in last night go check his
snapchat he was in full-on prank mode oh
my god you got me you got me so hard and
I saw I just watched it dude he got you
so good no he didn't even get you you
bruh I was like awake with his sleep
with his eyes open waiting for you to
come in haha you'd be like how we just
convinced him to take a shower
cuz I never took a shower let's get the
doors don't lock yeah so we're gonna
practice on this door wait see that's
lock this
nice
yeah he's getting his hair right now
it's just a prank bro that's where we're
gonna leave you for today we're gonna
start filming soon so I want to hurry up
and get this video edited as you know
yesterday's vlog went up quite late the
internet here is kind of slow so having
fun in Cincinnati we're gonna film some
cool stuff today make sure you come back
tomorrow thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see all of you
right back here tomorrow
