what's up guys welcome to our day I
don't say I did some today I haven't
done for a very long time that is I took
it afternoon nap I did I finished the
fog and I was like I was like you know
what I went outside to get some hounds
GP no reason don't have to go outside so
I was like I'm just gonna take it out
but now the kids are home and I'm trying
to do some dishes here my hands are wet
one second anyways what I was trying to
say is that tomorrow I'm going to
Cincinnati for the weekend and before I
did that I wanted to spend some quality
family time with these guys so we're
going what we're going to olive garden
I'm to eat tim is a hater vicar but
you're hungry kicker it's a recording
window mr. there's a way out there oh
we're coming
this is was like you guys going out with
the gilroy when little eyes is always so
nice and polite she's better she's
better than the boys yeah check out what
we're starting with this is my favorite
thing to get to start with that hot
olive garden the lasagna fritta I have
to be honest to our server Tom his
name's Tom right off the bat like you
can recognize those people immediately
one of the nicest people on the earth
just super like polite and very
thoughtful and you're glad we got a nice
what are you doing in here okay what's
holding what is in there a TV what
Eliza's the only kid I know that
genuinely enjoys broccoli why don't you
like broccoli I just don't like him
you're doing the job under well why is
this gonna be such a good eater you did
good mommy she needs a lot yeah she does
I got the tour of italy but its snake
ravioli of some kind and alfredo or
Veronica got her also rapide beat CD
yeah that's good for tomorrow too okay
feeding her she's gonna blow so maybe
she's gonna like expand in like super
the bag there that's take home tiramisu
love it thanks you too what do you hear
Liza you hear music oh here I got you
come here uh echo watch out okay Liza
come here lied i stand up there you go
here music deity came home and the kids
got bad man this little baby
are you are you cool kisses oh that's
good job mm-hmm none I why is this going
to bed she's tired she wants to cut pet
good time for them to go to bed too but
it's kind of sad cuz daddy's going away
this weekend number miss you guys they
won't get to see you take your night and
all that stuff you know yeah yeah yeah
it's only friday and saturday i'll come
home sunday I don't even know if I
mentioned but yeah I'm going to film
with Dennis he's got a special guest in
town not sure if i should mention it yet
if he wants it to be a surprise or
anything because i haven't seen anything
on social yeah so pretty pretty cool you
know fellow youtuber come in a film so
I'm excited to meet him I think he does
great work and go to that anyways we're
getting a voice to bed so why don't you
tell everyone goodnight call Carson mg
terilyn goodnight little sad puppy dog
what's the matter sad puppy Oh Carson we
just watch um Frankenstein pretty cool
movie I liked it it was interesting to
see their representation of the
character Igor who turned into like a
proper person instead of like the
hunchback that you might remember
thought that was pretty cool but
Veronica's in here doing laundry oh
she's getting my clothes ready for me
yeah I'm not packing tonight I'm packing
in the morning
it's time to go guys Liza I come with me
I wish you could I'll tell you one thing
I i miss traveling and filming and and
doing that stuff all the time um but you
know I'm like so attached and integrated
to my family it's always hard to leave
them you know even though it's you know
you gotta do what you gotta do but it's
always hard to leave these little guys
and girls and girls okay so I think the
hardest decision I have to make is what
gear do I take what are they gonna need
to use and I think since like I'm not
flying out of play and it's really easy
for me to just take whatever i'll take
it off say bye to everyone you missed
call in so everyone gave love to colin
in the comments but i'm about to leave
too soon bye Carson love you of course
all look blaze is waving bye-bye alright
guys so I hope you're ready for a
interesting adventure who knows what
Dennis has up his sleeve for this
weekend one thing's for sure i know
we're going to have a lot of fun keep an
eye on my snapchat cuz whenever I'm a
dentist I always go nuts on my snapchat
it's chase underscore gilroy there will
not be any live streams this today
friday or sunday because i'll be out of
town so sorry about that but i'll keep
you guys updated on twitter that's all
good boom that's all I've got for you
guys today thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see all of
you right back here tomorrow
