good ok what's up guys welcome to my
evening I spent the biggest part of
today editing the last video that that
was up on the channel the the legends of
office awesome episode zero which I
consider to be the concept video for you
know what the legends of awesome
currently upstairs trying to get a live
stream going
it's so weird we have like thunderstorms
right now so I think my internet went
out so I've had to restart the rock it's
it's a big mess I've neglected the vlog
today I gotta be honest and you gotta
you gotta give me some slack I mean in
the past 24 hours I published four
videos so that's very cool and I've also
been neglecting to be downstairs for a
minute because I had to do a full
situation so it's dinnertime tiny
is everything okay honey yeah yeah was
everything okay Liza
No what did mommy do tell me Liza tell
me who did it
it was mommy you want down she wants it
down I forgot to show you out in the
little case Oh Liza look there's your
baby
here's your baby big girl y'all give her
hugs what daddy hold a baby you want the
baby take that baby oh there you go
there's your baby
hi echo what are you doing you can't try
and get my attention
Oh echo I missed you too Oh where's your
ball get your ball eat it not bone
yesterday I had all this cleaned up all
of it the dishes the counters the floors
everything this is one day you guys one
day one day there you go whoo yeah big
girl all the way
what is it Bakugan okay how's your lip
buddy yeah everyone was asking about you
in the comments and they want to make
sure you're doing okay
yeah you should say thanks everyone for
wishing me well sadly it's already time
to put the kids in bed you know I've
been so busy day I've been so busy today
I haven't even taken a shower the night
Carson daddy loves you I don't I don't
understand what that is but I hope it's
a complex that will pass over soon it
looks like you're having an electroshock
therapy or something listen I dude know
love you as you can probably tell by now
today's vlog might be a little bit of a
short one but but that doesn't mean it's
not gonna be good right honey
it's time to get the kids ready for
school so when we pulled to the bus stop
I thought we missed it
but we didn't it so we had to come to
our backup bus stop which is like a
couple blocks away and Colin already got
out he's like he's too cool he's too
cool to like being here and hang out on
me cuz there's other kids and stuff let
him you know be cool with his friends
how strange is that that yesterday I was
60 it was almost 60 degrees and raining
and today it's snowing it's currently
snowing it's a wild you ready to get
back on the horse
hmm sorry
that means you very go back to school
huh all this garbage
what is this cabbage it is cabbage what
do you think that garbage is it's
cabbage
you play look at that garbage you play
in it dad
it's not gavage the Charis cabbage it's
cabbage in potato soup
have a fun day at school and remember if
anyone mentions about your lip you just
be like these are my battle scars bro
okay gotta go bus is waiting love you
have a good day
adios ciao I went upstairs before she
got up and was able to take a shower
which felt great by the way don't act
like you've never had a nice I call a
skank days where I didn't it wasn't
because I didn't want to take a shower
because I didn't have time to take a
flush yeah but anyways I come down when
I feed baby lies in her bottle and after
I after her she finished I put her down
and she went straight over to the coffee
table right next to the chair pulled my
cup of coffee right over on top of
herself your mischievous baby
Eliza buh-bye look who's up just to get
down it's the vibrator alert look echo
wants to play here already
okay good girl good girl sit sit shake
good girl
I'll throw water she's gonna do a
high-five
ready this is epic stuff right here Oh
sit sit sit
I fine go girl
wise are you supposed to sit in your toy
box is that what you're supposed to do
we're checking out about to make this
baller breakfast right we do Southwest I
hash browns eggs and my favorite sausage
currently zesty ha Bob Evans that
sausage right here that sausage should
win awards it's so good patty it up hmm
look Dallas Dallas actually showed up
late last night it was like those you
have little brothers you understand your
little brother just show up at your
house whenever you want and help sleep
on your couch
he'll raid your fridge and just let him
you know because it's your little
brother I mean that right now yep and
then and then you'll wake up in the
morning to make a scrumdiddlyumptious
breakfast like this and then you'll
provide him with some you know proper
nutrition in debt right now yeah alright
check it out guys that is part of your
complete breakfast eggs and hash browns
and sausage and orange juice in a bowl
yogurt with some blueberry granola flax
seed sliced strawberries and blueberries
we think about that nothing looks good
right of course I am
watch me ha I told you well I got a
couple bites hashbrowns left foot I am
quite full alright guys so I know
today's video is probably a little short
and uneventful compared to the past
couple days but our life is like a
roller coaster and sometimes you have
exciting parts and sometimes they're
just you know they're just smooth but
have stuff lemon out I want to say thank
you guys so much for checking out
yesterday's episode zero of Legends of
Awesome
the proof-of-concept video if you
haven't seen it click the annotation
above and limiter your thoughts I'm
pretty proud of the idea and I can't
wait to move forward however there is a
little bit left to do also I want to
mention that this weekend I'm going to
be doing kind of like normal vlogs where
we start in the morning we end at night
because I'll be going to Cincinnati to
film for the weekend with my buddy
Dennis so we're gonna have a lot of fun
this weekend so don't you go anywhere
thank you guys so much for watching
and we can't wait to see each and every
one of you right back here tomorrow
