started riding fifth grade when a kid
took me down to these trails that we had
it's kids handle all these crazy jumps I
never seen anything like it ever so I
got a I got a BMX bike and I went down
started riding together they weren't
there they would beat me up all the time
it's just because I wasn't as good or
they gave me like cap number one times
they gave me these this test I had to
like make it through the jumps so fast
I went allowed there and I made it I
killed it killed everyone
they changed the finish line up on me
and they're like no you didn't pass the
finish line they freaking kicked me out
there that actually motivated me to get
better you know so I can like variety
share these kids
and earn their respect I guess that's
the way you want to call it stuff
getting bullied being on Sam but they
made it awesome for me to progress and
feed off of their negative and this
towards me now here we are today
traveling for a geek a bicycles secret
warehouse you know so it's crazy how it
all works out
ultimately as you never want to give up
on something like my front flip today I
knew that that's
I made it happen for girls how many
times and tried just like in life don't
give up whatever you want your dreams
rather BMX or anything that you're into
that's what you wanted to just don't
give up in the day and you don't get the
satisfaction that you've been working
for it and that also uses the other day
you're gonna be a way happier person in
your results
