so we're starting off today's vlog was a
bit of a crises the school just called
and said that Carson got hurt he's in
the nurse's office
and he needs us to come check him out oh
poor buddy
let's see busted lip pretty good guys
let's get you home okay so what happened
dude
someone ran into your face oh man
I'm sorry that happened buddy yeah I can
remember one time one time I was at
recess and I was chasing somebody we
were playing tag or something you know
those swing sets how they have the legs
that go up well I was running and not
looking and I accidentally hit my chin
on that pole and it busted my chin open
so I yeah I know exactly how you feel
buddy
I know it's disgusting
mommy you're gonna have to have a look
hmm let me see
you gotta lift up his lip the nurse said
he did have some nasal bleeding well let
me call a doctor and see he says I don't
think they'll put stitches in there
gotcha fine then made into the urgent
Aria wrong side ancillary here we go
back because my don't like gonna gather
he doesn't like to look at he look at it
in the mirror and was like freaked out
scared to remains a brave little boy
it's over now you sure for handy
twenty-eight so Carson just calls vitals
taken you doing okay
it's a pain getting worse the hurt so
bad huh yeah poor guy he doesn't want to
look at the camera because he doesn't
want to see his self he doesn't want to
see it he says what what's the matter
you don't see it because it's ugly ah
you can't see it I don't have the thing
up you don't want anyone else to see hey
there no he said on the way here don't
wanna be like this the rest of my life
say they won't the swelling will go down
right babe right lift it up just gently
look up you can see the there we go a
little frenulum they have up top in
between your teeth that connects your
lip and your gums is broken
and there's a big hole right there where
I got ripped off so and then he's got
another cut more on the outside of his
lip from ours teeth got it but his teeth
aren't loose so hopefully we can get it
fixed without having to go see the
dentist also okay mmhmm cursings
disguise no it's really an ice pack the
nurse just came in to see what was going
on what happened everything and she
rubbers nice does it feel better it will
the ice will help hmm Nana came to see
rescue hmm I called my mom on her way
here like I know what's going on she's
like okay go to lunch in ten minutes
I'll be there
hey Ben Carson was asking where you were
okay I'm here for you hmm what does the
doctor say I'm not gonna get stitches no
stitches yay
she just told us to follow up with a
dentist to just make sure that his teeth
aren't damaged I like that the roots of
his teeth well the roots underneath your
gums can get damaged so we're going to
follow up with a dentist and as far as
like the little frenulum thing that's
still hanging on his lip she said that
you can get it clipped or see what it
does don'ts the swelling goes down
but knit stitches it'll just heal over
so thank goodness I guess yeah but so we
got to get a hold of the dentist
yeah well just suck on it slowly so it
helped they gave him a popsicle and they
gave it some motrin they said just
alternate like motrin tylenol for the
pain help them out Abby that ulcers
taste like orange yep keys for you yep
it was orange motrin so I guess it's a
popsicle make sure you choose my bag
teeth now my diet I went that time with
my teeth really Marilu bottom teeth yeah
tell me am i yeah why I got hugs just
see you later hmm love you we'll see you
tonight
oh come on let's go get some food are
you hungry yeah I'm starving you stand
in front of it I can't see anything
bend down hmm I got here to the
dentist's office we're just gonna hand
it over
the dentist is going to come in and look
at him and then get an x-ray just to
make sure what's going on
what yeah there's a guy behind me oh my
goodness but look this is brief opus
dentist's office and they get to lay
here but they get to watch TV oh we
gotta have like aa today mm-hmm you two
watch TV while you're laying there huh
Oh your poor lip try and smile again
Oh try and smile yeah it's so worried
person what they say you're gonna cut it
off no she said they took an x-ray and
she said everything's looks fine you
didn't see any fractures around her beat
his baby teeth and you can see his adult
teeth that are right there so those
teeth are coming out soon
you ready go home now yeah I've got to
hopefully we make it to a gas station
because I am like really on e those are
smoothie
so good you like it good all right let's
go home I can't let you feel like this
you know drink it out of a side huh
I'd say is Craig's Auslan
yeah welcome back home guys listen the
decision for dinner tonight is is this
salmon salmon fillets garlic ginger soy
sauce and chili or tilapia fillets mango
agave and habanero
I had tortilla crusted tilapia I'll do
the salmon Salmons good person how are
you doing buddy I'm sorry again that
happened to you but wait let me see
something show me a big smile it just
looks that looks so painful so calls
getting into some Anki overdrive track
design what design you're going for do
the same ones last time this game is
pretty rad actually we haven't played it
enough to like each the cars you can
power up
I think what's the highest power up on
one of the cars do you remember it's
very low so we need to play it more and
unlock all the better weapons we just
set up the track in now about the third
good-looking track dude I like the sharp
corner there
that's nice move somehow Carson loses
his iPod and I'm the one who gets to sit
out all right dinner is over and it's
that time shower time but first no one
wants to get in first
who's it gonna be fellas ready
scissors it is go do it yeah hey this is
Nicholas oh we know who is ticklish
burger Colin Colin tickle mommy tickle
her she's ticklish
who are they doing it oh look at that
tired kid I'm Dallas showed up and now
she just wants to stare at him I guess
mm-hmm come on sweetheart oh she don't
have the ears for it dude those are
good-looking glasses girl yeah
good those your glasses oh wow
those are cute yeah cutie sorry you had
such a rough day buddy
when I wanted that guy why you yeah when
you ran into him your ears rang yeah you
you probably hit very hard but it's okay
that kind of stuff makes you stronger
dude careful piece this night I told you
I'd you don't find me so we've got a
little project
Dallas broke his iphone got a new screen
for it new digitizer with cables
attached and everything let's see how
long it takes me to completely fix this
iPhone it's currently 942 it's currently
942 1028 this is the new screen boom
done hi
good morning guys
you know I stayed up late last night
working on the video that I'm going to
post later today after this vlog I did a
classic fall asleep in the chair with my
laptop in my lap yesterday I didn't have
to use any of that nasal spray stuff at
all and I'm not completely stopped up
which is really good time to go bud
let's go we're gonna catch the bus
morning buddy
come on yeah that's a good timing that
was above it I know you better hop oh
your bus is out there just staring at
your coat for have a good day love you a
nasty rainy day look at it the radar
says it's going to be like this all day
so I think the best thing for me to do
is I have a couple edits to finish and
we'll start working on that routed
unboxing and also the setup in review
persons playing some minecraft this
morning while I finish up some of that
edit I I'm trying to get this finished
for like a big prime-time upload tonight
so like 5:00 p.m. Eastern right about
the same time we start live streaming
which if you don't follow us on Twitter
definitely should the links in the
description tonight we live stream will
probably do black ops 3 but yeah I want
to launch this BMX video at 5 p.m.
Eastern so make sure you come back to
the channel check that video out and
then pop over to the livestream and let
us know you know what you thought of it
I think it's a really cool video it's
going to be like
it's basically designed to be like my
concept I wanted to its proof concept
now I want to show you guys like what
legends of Awesome should look and feel
like
and Carson can't really go to score
today just because it's lip yeah join us
for the live stream the link is in the
description twitch.tv forward slash
Kilroy gaming and yeah I'm gonna get
cracking on these edits thank you guys
so much for watching and we can't wait
to see each and every one to you later
tonight
more importantly right back here
tomorrow
