what's up guys how are you doing today
it's Monday I hope you're out there
getting it whatever you got to get done
whatever you need to do to make another
step forward to completing your goals
get out there and do it today today is
gonna be really fun I'm on my way to
meet up with Kevin teeths my local BMX
rider and we're going to the DK
warehouse to shoot some awesome footage
this biker right here so we're taking
Kevin's truck and right off the bat
before we even left I was like yo I got
an idea I got an idea for how today's
videos gonna go so we just shot a cool
little scene where he's like taking his
bike out and throw it in the truck not
waste any time dude right in - that's
fine
I just recently washed mine yesterday
athlete fuel
actually Noah I like the blue one I like
the blue ones is about although that's
alright you don't need to take it easy
get red ball and cough drops and tissues
it's that kind of date for me so kevin
was just telling me that this isn't just
any hi craig village lee which built the
number one rated skate park in the u.s.
low-flow one two and three also in the
DK's new warehouse filthy dram cell
legend build these rings inside a secret
warehouse that we get run it today
that's the keyword secret warehouse
we're going to I didn't realize this but
we're going to a secret warehouse and
everyone wants to ride
except for you know
and we're gonna be filming there today
it's pretty exciting it's pretty dope so
we're doing like a par I'd interview job
you'll see it
Evans talking about like
it's like for heating he doesn't
inspired stuff shows name is
because schools and does these
assemblies
all main focus
kind of bring awareness select anti
experiences bullying like this all I
mean you like me like ma'am I mean we've
all had experiences with bullies it
stays with you you know I mean
so it makes a lot of sense now it's a
very weird
handle them
than an interview part firms and issues
we have
Firestein shows is a traveling team all
over the states that focuses on
entertainment for us a business is
harley-davidson for like like shows all
that but the main thing I love is the
anti-bullying program that we have we go
around do a 30-minute coordinated BMX
show the very powerful hauls in the
middle assembly school assembly where I
talk about the anti-bullying which is a
growing rapidly growing sadly problem in
schools I've actually brought the
schools kids that have actually
committed suicide through social media
I've got taken to that school where that
girl did that and applauded kids crying
in the crowd it's very powerful the
riding school the backups are cool the
main focus is getting those kids
understanding that bullying is not cool
I can't rumbling in background this is
not cool mess your life up I just really
can't so we're out there to change that
show by show that my friends is what
awesome is all about yeah this is it you
guys the secret DK warehouse look right
here you should so you got you got a
park here to ride I mean while this is
all their warehouse stuff like this is
where DK ships all their orders place
for bikes and accessories and everything
so like these dudes are hard at work in
here filling orders and whatnot
and then they can just pop over and have
a ride real quick that's awesome
so our first shot Kevin is setting up
the drone and then we'll get you coming
in to the warehouse Kevin you need to
hop in your truck and like go that way
go around the building like it big
Tokyo Drift around the building yeah if
you can do that not in that
Hey yes like I said the first shot drone
shot we're just gonna take it way up and
then it's gonna fly down and meet him
when he comes in six shot the crazy look
photos look like in like a little
different person yeah
alright guys so the drone shot turned
out great this is where we set up the
Ronin and start doing some cool steady
shots what Kevin's not wearing any pants
hanging out this thing it has a bit of a
learning curve because I'm using a
wireless connected iPad there's a slight
lag in the video very slight but it's
dude we got that shot coming up the
aisles awesome give me real soon yes
awesome
we got a skateboard shot coming up that
center aisle there what was the other
guy's name from survivor I'll be a bill
and Matt Bischoff also known as the
beard healing survivor so guys I knew
that TV show he works for DK bicycles I
think a lot of people are into that TXU
yeah you know how like I guess honored
and blessed I feel to be able to like do
this kind of stuff every day not every
day but have the opportunity to do this
stuff some days I'm at home filming with
my family
just regular average routine vlogs of
our day and then other days um well this
isn't typical but I'm in the DK
warehouse with Kevin filming some
awesome action footage kind of like
practice I guess you'd say for for
legends awesome and the kind of videos
will be shooting then but just have
faith in yourself and do what you love
to do and eventually you'll be doing it
for your job you know this happened
damn it crashed the drone inside the
warehouse and I'll broken prop two
broken props the battery popped out
though so that's good that might have
saved the motors everything else looks
good it was our first drone shot -
Kevin's like we do a practice run real
quick how's that cool I'll try out you
know see how she flies I got really
close to the edge of this I guess rack
or something whatever and it took it
tipped off the prop and then that was it
here's the clip
you
all right so guys do it with me hey
happens we still have a video to make
get on that bike okay so let's get each
three tricks from up here while I'm up
here okay yeah that's cool angle it's
nice and steady - I got this rack
helping me hold it
nice nice stylish like stall right there
real quick cool all right get out of
here go on go on bud it's taken
advantage of your hearing ouch he just
told me - that the paint on these ramps
have like sanding it for grip and
they're like it's like running your skin
across sandpaper that means you know
what that means it's gonna be a good
video bro
baby yeah I can't get you gonna fall I
know right there anymore yeah good luck
all very technical
you heard it here folks Kevin teats the
amazing BMX rider in the secret DK
warehouse about to perform an uber
sketchy front flip on the blue and
orange Bronco ramps why are they blue
and orange by the way but yes instead of
doing this one in multiple takes because
each trick we've done multiple he's done
it a few times and I change angles we
have to actually get more angles at once
so I got the GoPro sitting there and
I'll be holding the gh4 in that position
and hopefully these two angles will be
just straight-up butter baby yeah I'm
actually gonna set you guys right up
here for this one
he's still trying to figure this out but
don't worry
Kevin's good he'll get this yeah he's
ready oh here we go
so that was bad you go check your bike
hell yeah dude good work nice finally
what was it four tries stop there is
charm will go for you though yeah four
is good for is good dude alright so we
have like a couple more runs two gay
wants to do some crossovers and stuff
and uh that's it wrap with some workout
26 minutes to do it in Ryan did brew
high dead so I'm packing everything up
and I I thought I would say quickly that
the Ronin today was my go-to piece um
aside from dropping the drone I really
liked who did you come off of this now
the only bad part is like packing it up
takes a while so where does a couple
guys go after a day of filming and
riding
we go to Windy's after you sir
so there it is the cure for my stuffy
nose hopefully the guy says it all works
is saying like sinx flonase and all the
other stuff is older steroids because
it's personal preference between you
know which one's better than the other
this is his cure for everything he's
like I'm beat up old man drinky wait
I've never tried that well I have an
either but I'm not a big fan of that
kind of stuff it was like the alcohol
cider drinks I
oh oh it's for her - okay nice I play
good play this see if this is legit
Oh
teets fund it thanks buddy
thanks for inviting me man that was
awesome experience to go see the secret
DK where big secret now yeah
I gotta go home dude thank you so much
I'll see you on my next FedEx delivery
hi baby girl
hi bigger hi echo hi cutie oh my baby oh
look at her
did you miss your daddy that goes
stealing your hugs I missed you honey
did you he said baby Liza was walking
too much today too much but a lot ReWalk
goodbyes and walking everywhere I
sprayed that stuff in my nose went to
Kevin's got my stuff out and left it's
about 45 minutes to drive home I'm sorry
Kevin that stuff does not work as good
as sine X so how was school today yeah
yeah did you have fun or just normal day
huh okay okay what about you sir that
was your day yeah you got clay oh okay
Clay's cool you can mold all kinds of
stuff with it orange look what she did
she came back out here kotnis see hi so
what are you doing
you're silly she's like I wanna cook I
would have cook pop I have fun it's all
bad that was timing right so that
happened good morning oh yeah you know I
brought my gear in last night and spent
some time with the kids i sat on the
couch that's what happened i sat on the
couch and next thing you know I was like
so I didn't get the post yesterday's
vlog because I was too busy working and
running and sleeping it's time to get it
Carson's turn for the bus and I know a
lot of you guys asked like why did the
police ride different buses that's
because they I mean they technically go
to the same school district but they
they have different buildings so Collins
bus picks him up earlier
Carson's bus picks him up half hour
later that's why same school just
different buildings mama
hey mama here's your boss Carson hey
have a good day at school I love you
I'll see you after okay oh you better
get on it please all right so I
neglected to finish editing yesterday's
video because I was so tired from from
working you know up and down the ramps
and filming and which was very good
after review of the footage I I think
it's gonna be a fantastic video a proper
reflection of what I think Legends of
Awesome is going to be so if you don't
see that posted today it will be posted
the very next day and I want all of your
attention on that please go check it out
it's gonna be really good
I still have yesterday's vlog to edit so
that makes three videos to edit her
today so I need to get busy I just want
to say thank you to DK for letting us
film in the warehouse yesterday it was a
lot of fun even though I crashed the
drone which I think it's gonna be just
fine but we'll get we'll get working on
these videos so you guys can have some
stuff to watch that's all I got for you
guys today thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see each
and every one of you right back here
tomorrow
