what's up guys we got us a beautiful day
pocket full of quarters it's time to
wash our Jeep that's that hmm
there's something magical about when you
get your car clean it just makes you
feel good hey boys what do you think has
the Jeep look pretty good huh yeah she
looks nice always worried too about as
soon as you wash your car and you roll
through a mud puddle it's almost like
every time you do it happens or a bird
will pull on it here we are boys this is
our jam the doll was overwritten just
kind of strange to go visit a you know
like a tree sanctuary everything's dead
however there are like evergreens and
stuff like that so there's some trees
that are still alive but yeah what do
you say we go straight to the Overlook
and then we'll end up here and you guys
can ride your bikes we brought their new
castor bikes Fitness I won't say the
park is really busy today go ahead ma'am
how you doing sir hey sir how we do it
sir wave to the guy oh you don't want
away okay here we go look there's still
snow guys
this car rides getting pretty energetic
in here we're just a bunch of dudes torn
through the woods in our Jeep okay so
this is the part right here that has all
the letters these hedges that go all the
way back you see there they spell out
something you've never been able to get
you guys a really solid look from the
air so it's time to fly the drought but
first we're gonna do a pre-flight check
are you ready first thing is the road
Oh what do you think that's a pretty
cool look of those hedges from down here
it's nothing but from up there it looks
like it awesome you guys want to go over
by the pond
your hands are sappy climbing trees ah
the boys have already run ahead but this
is where we're gonna get some cool
pictures of them I love this spot it's
such a beautiful spot most of the area
photographers around here come to this
spot for weddings senior photos any kind
of portraits they take their photos here
thanks for helping me I know I saw you
it's it's always hard to get kids to
take pictures because they don't want to
sit still my secret hideout where'd you
see growing up what hold on let me put
my camera away I look at my long legs
oh these shadows by mr. shadow look at
me mr. shadow oh that's your secret
hideout
oh that's the front door oh oh this is
the coolest secret hideout I've ever
been in Wow look at all these secrets
there's a back door for the emergency
search was this the emergency escape
right there
okay that's the restroom okay good to
know
I'm gonna go we brought their bikes
right so we're gonna go and let them
ride their razor bikes out by the front
parking lot you made a good job in high
five whoo random graveyard pretty random
and creepy all right dudes let's see
what you got
things are so cool I want one I was just
saying I want to find out how to get
adult size one please they were so
awesome no this square only inside this
rectangle hey did you guys know that the
walking dead comes on to dodge voice I
wish you're old enough to fully
appreciate the magnitude the quality the
craftsmanship of the show Walking Dead
but you're much too young but for you
guys however you should not ever hey
buddy
he was like what's up youtuber did I
scare you so yeah for dinner we're
having
take out I've had a real strong desire
to get some more of that yummy yummy
orange chicken extra spicy extra crispy
egg roll side sweet and sour good
literally had to stop on the side of the
road for that sunset look at that just
look at it it's like beautiful hi honey
I have a confession to me what I have an
addiction I think about it all the time
when I'm not with you I think of her
it's true
the glorious orange chicken I'm heavily
addicted you know that's true haha look
who it is
everyone you haven't seen much of baby
Liza today although you did see plenty
of her yesterday Oh daddy
it's bath time you see the rubber duckie
what's my start and just like that we're
gonna clean baby you feel better
you click here don't what are you doing
I don't know
can you ready for bed that's all you
will click a little princess don't we
baby that's right you're a baby that's
true oh man
I stopped we got some lotion puffs I
think it's so much better than Twitter
giver yes do it there we're gonna get
him off to school and get ready and get
out of here today it's gonna be a fun
day because Kevin and I are going to
Dayton and we're gonna film some BMX
stunts it's gonna be sick okay that's
fun go go get to the bus have a good
school bug okay don't forget your
backpack right yeah that's your bus that
thing out there love you love you bye
love you I hope you had a fun weekend my
good sir awesome well enjoy your day I
love you
every long time see ya oh alright guys
so I got all my gear packed and it's
about time for me to head out I gotta
leave my lovely ladies behind I love you
big girl be good for mommy okay okay
I'll miss you make sure you guys tune in
tomorrow because I'm gonna try and do
something a little different my idea is
to kind of make like the rough version
of a legends of Awesomeness so we'll see
what happens
make sure you come back tomorrow that's
where we're gonna leave you guys part
today we'll pick up right back here when
we see each and every one of you
tomorrow
