good evening good afternoon what is it
it's afternoon it's noon right now mom's
trying to parallel park should be we are
here at Easton we're coming to get baby
Liza some new walking shoes
she needs people she needs to get used
to wearing shoes so sorry Nate's we're
gonna get some walking shoes for debate
oh yeah Ida parked in the parking garage
and Wow all right we made it into the
store and let in lines up she's been
sized what shoes you want maybe we see
baby in the mirror she make this but
ones you like it like that way like
these automatically she picked first one
grabbed and that's the one she's holding
on to
here come here look over here come here
come here
there you go just up at the baby he's
getting her all dolled up well I have a
successful first pair of shoes that it's
over cute man it's just my sister Liza's
Nana's a little cuttlebug today but yeah
we on the way to the stride right store
we passed the Children's Place and
Gymboree and they have all these cute
will they have all the little girls
Easter dresses out and they're just so
cute super fun one on sale Nancy loves
be right there their shades
oh you like a different pair so diggin
Eliza's sunglasses back up over and
she's like telling at me wanting him
back so I put them back on and she was
just chillin just tap their little key
into the music and music speed to cool
forget about it so we got her shoes we
got Easter dress
we want to eat here do you want to go
back to picking him I don't care I don't
care walking and she had stopped walking
to start names
oh they're little girls control
no we're making her walk
break them choosing girl for some lunch
we are here at TGI Fridays just pretty
much doctor just gets about Spencer
sweatin mom is having a big banana later
so we don't wanna eat too much
start out with some soft pretzels some
promise' to eat yeah no yeah I'm gonna
eat it
so what's up guys I hope Veronica was
entertaining for you guys so far today
remember something in almost all areas
of life it's work before play I had to
do a lot of stuff around the house we
got the garage clean today and we've run
out of like it's almost 4:30 so I'm
trying to rush to Scotty's and we're
gonna have as much fun as we can with
the remainder of the daylight
look what Scotty's getting into dude
that is a mess just to put that in a new
DVD CD player unit yeah that's cool
that's work works huh
so you said this whole thing this is all
one piece this whole dash panel is all
one piece yep and it's like riveted
together
they used to be easy putting those
things in that's a nightmare dude not
right look this is how serious it is I
brought my own roll paper towels just in
case I need to blow my nose we're gonna
I don't think it's as windy as we
thought it would be out here it's like
super chill not very windy and for these
sport kites you need like a lot a lot of
wind we'll see what happens yeah you
need like offshore winds it sounds windy
Oh awesome that looks that's the new rig
bro it's beautiful all right Scott that
looks good on you
the it's not windy enough to fly the
sport kite so we're just gonna fly and
Scott's gonna record on that we're just
gonna have fun we found a nice little
shelter back here out of the wind yeah
well that was fun nice little sunset
we're almost fully out of light and we
need to use the rest of the light that
we do have to pack everything up because
it takes so long to take the ronan apart
so time to take her down check this out
guys yeah so we figured after we figured
after we did some you know camera stuff
we come in here and finish setting up
Scotty's new radio Lindsey's radio
this is the whole - panel right this is
a new bracket he had to take off the
older ones like pop rivet it in by
plastic it's awful right so this is the
new one that allows clearance for the
new stereo and Scott has only what's
your method show me I don't have
anything to heat it up and melt it I
know but show me your method this is
freakin epic one now the lighters now
he's just burning a spike and then
trying to melt it needless to say it's
taking a while so the girls are finally
back the girls are back and they brought
it Saturday's not Taco Tuesday your
radios in the Jeep Lindsey yeah but the
dash isn't all hooked up is that what
you got me is this Sinatra's Bell Grande
so update on the RC car ever since the
night we messed with it we did just
enough tweaking to make it run just
right Scott even said he took apart or
he took off the lead on one of the front
motors so it's all rear-wheel drive
right now
that's so cool man nice and quick
doing it again
oh that just happened that's how you
park dude let's report these things like
a monster-truck time to get out of here
Lindsay see ya Scottie it was fun dude I
know good night sleep tight everyone's
really tired yes Lee
see you guys in here in the livestream
we're in the middle of our live stream
look Veronica and the kids are going for
a little walk
that's cute the Sunday morning stroll
they're digging those new bikes we got
them there are a lot of fun I even got
on them yesterday
everyone in the chat say what's up to
the vlog
it's a beautiful Sunday morning look at
the sky it's just beautiful I love it
look my blinds have broken oh you want
to see me on the piano again huh
I'll be trying to learn that song for
sure I want to pull that off sometime
randomly out of heart expect guys watch
this I just pull out some Beethoven okay
Silva livestream is over we're gonna get
some breakfast and move on with our day
today it's looking like another
beautiful day outside not quite as warm
as yesterday but we'll take it
it's definitely overdue for some nice
weather so Monday morning I'm going with
Kevin to the DK warehouse so make sure
you guys stay tuned for tomorrow's video
it's gonna be pretty cool I can't wait
to get some epic shots with that so
that's what I'm gonna leave you guys for
today I want to say thank you so much
for watching and we can't wait to see
each and every one of you right back
here tomorrow
