guys we gotta go
puddles puddles everywhere it has been
raining here for the past three days
straight this is the most sunshine I've
seen all weekend
I know you guys have missed us and we
have missed you I'm dealing with some
really serious ear issues again I mean I
think the last time this happened I
talked to you guys about it it's so
uncomfortable
this fluid buildup behind my ear huh and
yes I'm walking down the street because
momma made us a Sunday roast
oh look there's amber what's of it and
mama mama you made us a Sunday roast mat
man have some is it good you're what wow
wow it doesn't look like you're done big
girl you didn't eat much there's my
beautiful wife everyone say hi to
Veronica Veronica not everybody
what if I been complaining about the
past two and after it is your ear mango
it's like I don't know it's like the
weirdest thing to experience it's almost
like if you get like water stuck inside
your ear you go swimming to get water
sign right here but you can shake it out
and it feels great when it comes out
this doesn't come out and that's just
like very pressure do you guys see the
difference I hold Veronica Veronica Oh
Veronica that was then
III don't give I don't care what any
more in here look at Brittany
look at her outfit out
haha did she used to have real darn army
very big dark eyebrows big fat ones yeah
look at them I'm looking at it just
looking at it
mom I made some really good pineapple
upside-down cake are you enjoying it
it's all over your mouth some pineapple
upside-down cake gets like cherries on
it shouldn't that's okay cuz it's still
really good yeah a bogey whoa that's not
even a bug that's just the shell Oh yep
he's already shed his exoskeleton that's
what that is oh you like him
what's daddy gonna get it
it's on you oh oh
Nikita she'll my friend Franklin
Oh Franklin dude judge oh oh she's just
the greatest mom oh love you thanks
here's a tall
I've been over for you oh I mean yeah I
love you I love you too
what yes okay good next Sunday okay for
sooner
okay look at this I want to tell you
guys a story about Veronica look out for
Veronica iPhone screens to that one
Damian and lag oh you can help it's bad
I can't
it's super bad this girl right here sets
her phone on the trunk of the car okay
set their phone on the trunk of the car
and then drives off goes at least four
miles four and a half miles by mile
before she realizes it's gone and then
she calls me up and said hey can you
track my phone cuz I left it on the and
I think it's in the middle the road I
was like what not your car and it shows
me it's in the middle of an intersection
a busy intersection
yeah hey so she goes to find it and it's
literally sheep that being run over by
cars yeah so now the front camera
doesn't work the back camera doesn't
work we're gonna beat that for people
but look we're already home you're just
like working I'm gonna have to take
Veronica's phone and do some really deep
surgery change the screen and the front
probably the back camera too yeah you
did I also want to show you what I've
been working on out here we've got that
picture hung up there I haven't got this
one hung up because I need some screws I
don't have short enough screws to put in
there and then I finally finished well
it's not fully finished but it's mostly
finished this shelf check it out oh it
looks just like I thought it would now I
still have to put these trim pieces on
here so you don't see like the edge of
the carpet but it's just going to be
like a magnetized trim piece that Clips
right here so you just see it black and
it's going to look super cool but yeah I
got all my charcoal that's charged and
that's charged these are charged all
these are charged organizations to me
it's super super important I love it oh
and also I don't know if you've seen
this get a little guy yet the spark is
new to the Gilroy drone family and I've
been working over the weekend
grabbing quite a few shots we shot when
Adam L Z came to Rome and the other day
we shot a couple clips there just
compiling a bunch of really cool test
footage to show you guys why you should
or should not buy the spark I love all
DGI product but I'll tell you a couple
reasons why I don't think
but yeah that's also notion I'm
super-proud mostly finished before we
left to go go eat dinner at Momo I was
doing a livestream and I cut it short so
I have to finish that oh my gosh you
guys that start streaming right since
the hole this is what we're dealing with
in Ohio you start streaming I look out
the window and it's pitch black
it's not you'd be black for a lot look
at this oh sorry haha blow blowing dude
we're stranded in the office no we're
not we can do this don't dude it's wet
it's like it's like torrential downpour
out there dear look though you know I
got it did pretty good huh yeah pretty
cool whoa lyza take your mullet take
your mullet hmm your hair is out of
control
I took funny every time you take her
hair off you guys the first day she met
baby for love a picture of her holding
her thanks okay I'll show you right now
look at that
Oh little baby Liza Holden look cool I
didn't want to let her go she didn't now
and let her go oh she is so cute
get on there it's the piggyback ride to
the head
whoa yes please don't choking she are
Tina but you can hold on tight though
don't you who dropped those Apple Jacks
Liza when you drop those Apple chancing
Mohammed dogs right cleanup crew Ivy
lawyer
laughing you I love you more
I'll swim you Elijah that there is
monkey
Eliza does the thing work when she goes
up into her bed you know she has all
these like stuffed animals and stuff she
doesn't have all of the ones that she
loves to sleep with she makes you go get
it baby
there's that baby name that baby
what are you doing people thought mommy
said you can't have a little baby let's
go spin you guys just break out the
snacks and sell them and guys that's
pretty much where we're going to be
before today it's time to chill out
relax and have some you know snacks and
watch a movie it's almost time to go
back to school guys I'm really upset
about it don't you worry that doesn't
mean that we don't stop having fun that
because I mean like I said earlier we've
got some trips to take maybe super fun
and again guys I do apologize for not
uploading the past couple days
bear with me while I get better which I
think I'm think I'm on the right path I
think it's pretty much past still there
but yeah so yeah guys that's where we're
going to leave you for today I want to
say thanks so much for hanging out but
still close to that 500 day do you know
we're so close to 500,000 subscribers
that's half a million where's your with
a half a nine dollar prize that'd be
crazy wouldn't it yeah guys not all
thanks to use - thank you so much for
your support and and your generosity and
your attention you don't have to come
and watch these videos but we're so
happy and thankful that you so yeah
that's where really before today thank
you so much for watching we can't wait
to see you right back here
