oh you're all dark there you are ya
scared her again I got her together
those rags they're good I wish they were
hotter so they like get rid of all this
stuff but no I should like don't what
with Tabasco just to see if it'll lose
turgut drink it drink Tabasco just take
a big swig of that new sauce the Kathy
brought I've already done that it's very
hot baby Liza's up from her nap hi
sweetheart oh hey I'm gonna get the
video wrapped up right it's exporting
you're gonna help me start with the
basement right oh yeah
oh boo you see that you guys that is a
person who's neglected you that person
your apology means nothing
yes you are in trouble your fire why
I'm just giving her a hard time
it's I was supposed to blog and I forgot
I went upstairs and was live-streaming
trying to do this trying to do this
stuff with a cold and I was like here
honey you take the camera cause she's
going down in the basement right and
Jordan boxes there's plenty of
opportunities to share with you guys
some old Gilroy artifacts it's fine I'm
just giving you a hard time I'm just
giving you a hard time
you be careful that's hot I get to grill
Jesus so we're having drone cheese and
soup soup like the warm soup oh that's
one of my favorite things like if I have
a cold or I'm sick or any kind of like
signs to shoot hot liquids they feel so
good well friends is time that little
baby this little nugget Liza you're
gonna say good night to everyone little
nugget we can still see her before she
goes to bed little baby she's so cute
she used she used to put up a fight you
know when she was going to bed but now
all I have to do is go in there and
stand with her beside her bed for a
minute and she'll like want to lay down
it's very cool check this out honey what
have I been doing for the past thirty
minutes at least playin my keyboard I've
been trying to learn a song you should
I'm gonna try and play what I've learned
so far and I've never been able to play
piano tell me if you know what it is
I'll get it it's a work in progress but
never play piano before
that's good never played yeah tell us
what it's supposed to sell Mike Oh
that's all I'm watching
supposed to be playing this they say you
shouldn't eat raw cookie dough but some
good you just like I want cookies huh I
gotta do something about this it's the
time and I I don't know why Vinay's like
sign and stuff it gets worse at night
it's just that's how it is
something about to do something or is it
no more this sinus rings so real fun
haha what game you ever played did this
zone this is not the end oh this is only
but the beginning whoa that's right this
is a beginning
you got another bag one's gonna be in
there make eleven to twelve minutes or
until golden brown okay mixed with brown
oh geez I'll put it in the oven flying
it in there good job now lift under the
don't push up on it hmm
let's go all right so we've got some
cookies ready cheers mate happy game
night okay
did you have fun play games you know we
played some games what are you doing up
a little bit quicker up deep look at the
temperature already it's currently it's
currently 10 o'clock in the morning
there's gonna be 67 degrees today
look Zacks here Dallas is here they
showed up late last night with their
mobile gaming unit Zack brought his own
TV and Xbox and they played into the
night trying to download halo but long
story short it's gonna be super nice
today perfect time to fly the drone I'm
gonna charge up the Ronin and we're
gonna we're gonna get out there and do
something fun and I'm gonna I just want
it I just want to go out there and do
some fun outdoor activities and I can't
bring myself to sit down today and edit
today's vlog until later because it's so
nice outside are you dancing with my
daughter all Liza you're so cute but
yeah before we do anything fun today
there's one thing that I wanted to make
sure he got done this weekend since it's
gonna be very nice I'm kind of
embarrassed but my
Raj is an absolute disaster so the goal
is to get this cleaned up with the
quickness
I got Zack Self and Alice's help so
we're gonna knock this out real quick
and then and only then can we can we
head out and do something fun so we're
gonna time-lapse it and see how long it
takes all right so that's done which
means we're gonna move forward with our
day and go and try and do something cool
I want to film something cool with this
stuff it's so nice now that's what we're
gonna leave you guys today thank you so
much for watching thank you for all the
well wishes and the get well students
and all that stuff
we'll see each of you guys right back
here tomorrow
