good morning guys starting off today
with a little of the carbonated bubble
facemask refresh the face hi what are
you digging for I had it you know they
have saying you can't beat them join
them yeah mmm robot ah it feels like if
you went swimming in a 5-gallon drama of
coca-cola how that would feel on your
face you know or like if you dipped your
face inside a big bowl of hydrogen
peroxide that's how I feel bubbling I
feel like I'm swollen hey you look
swollen hey I mean how you make some
pretty cool faces
well rub it in I'm too much of a man for
this oh you know if that I see so many
dudes up in the salon getting mani pegs
I can moisturize my face and still feel
like it's either come outside there now
just take your hands and rub it in
really mm-hmm like this just Pat now you
want to Pat it cuz it'll rub it oh my
fedex dude is here hey dog dude dog what
up sir haha hi you I'm gnomon or a ling
expecting the frankerz oh yeah I'd uh
I'd have it up for I did it Oh does it
away kids with a prank going me tell
lies do some dude look at this look at
this big box what's in the box yeah
that's the same dumb dude I could snore
nice nice all like this we can be yeah
look at echo oh my god echo come here
look at her hair I can barely even see
it echo come here I'm in my slippers but
you're such a high dude yeah fedex hey
my brother see white see you dude I will
drive safe yeah we're gonna might go
actually film some cool stuff on monday
at the DK warehouse freshers built or so
where else oh yes oh yeah kind of big
deal nice hi dude see ya later you
watching us out the window Liza that's
Kevin you guys remember Kevin right we
filmed with Kevin he's my he's my local
BMX buddy um you know who also happens
to work for fedex okay what's in the box
do you not lower transport package of
damage batteries ooh
okay there's a there's something in the
box there's a box inside the box what's
in the box Liza what's in the box what's
in the box Liza you want to get that you
this is a very exciting piece of here I
got the hook up from the DJ I for one of
these super bad Ronan m's can't wait to
do a review on that use it heavens and
he wanted to go film monday at the DK
warehouse I'm like that's perfect
because you're bringing me a new piece
of gear that I need to break in so uh
yeah be very exciting I'll do I'll set
it up here quickly and show you a test
shot of what it looks like Oh what are
you doing oh you're so cute this baby in
a box okay so that is the Ronin all set
up I haven't taken all this stuff off
yet because I want to do a proper
unboxing and like review of it there's
so much more to learn about it but it
took me quite a bit to get everything
all balanced and set up I can see how
like if you set this up for the very
first time it's it's a little bit
confusing but i'll show you guys a full
review and setup of how this thing works
it's super dope i'll show you now quick
clip couple clips that i got maybe it
lies a plane in this box of peanuts
I'm trying to yeah Oh
yeah so you can see now why this thing
is super super cool it gives you very
clean fluid smooth shots all with this
beautiful beautiful lens and the gh4
camera so I have a little bit more to
figure out as far as I camera settings
for autofocus which is the best setting
and there's a way to control this with a
remote that it came with but will do all
that in my review video for now I'm
going to pack them the disassembled this
this whole thing back apart and put it
back away these girls are out here going
ape crazy that's at oh my god msq rd not
me well looking pretty good that's
actually believable nice this is not
cool of our monkey I had to stop
everything I was doing because they were
literally breathless out there look who
just got home mr. Carson you know Eliza
spent the better part of the afternoon
playing in that box yeah but hey please
keep in mind if you knock any other
peanuts ah you gotta pick him up so the
dog doesn't get him but real quickly
guys I wanted to talk about like the
video we did the other day and I did
take yesterday off because I didn't feel
really good i still don't um but like as
far as like being a creative person you
always have to try and like do new
things and expand your creativity one of
those things being what I did the other
day which was a completely different
type of video that
ever made and I just came up with an
idea and I wanted to put it into video
overall pretty happy with the video and
like that's why I've been trying to farm
together all these different pieces of
gear of the drone the gh4 the nice lens
the aronan because like I have I have a
passion to create cooler videos more
cinematic style videos and the only way
I'm going to do that is what actually
filming those kinds of videos so when
you do see a different kind of video
other than a vlog pop up on the channel
it's because I'm trying to express my
creativity it's a good point for me to
make to you guys like if you have an
idea and you want to like try and you
want to try it out do it you'll never
know you'll never know what would come
of that idea if you didn't like put it
to you if you didn't actually execute it
anyway that's my rant for today I just
wanted to get that out Carson wanted to
scare you when you came home but he's
upstairs you should go get in this box
and he's gonna come down and try get in
the box and you're gonna pop out and
scare him okay did he see your home oh I
did oh it's not gonna work then Veronica
sending me to the store move I gotta go
get milk and eggs and bread bread milk
bread and boom milk bribe Veronica wants
me to go to the store I don't really
want to so let's make this happen as
quick as possible ready
and just like that how long was it was
only like 10 seconds yeah as you guys
are messing around with this app again
okay she just literally found this act
like what did amanda show you this app
no I found it someone on facebook i
think wait you go back to that one
that's totally gnarly mom can I try that
is awful are you missing teeth oh my god
whoa all right mommy's making dinner
what's on the menu chicken and cheesy
potatoes you're making the actual cheese
eat it oh yeah you're gonna have to
someone I forget your name but you
wanted to know how to make cheese
potatoes so we'll let Veronica take over
from here so she can show you how to
make that cheesy potato hi Liza yeah oh
sorry where's and hashbrowns cheddar
cheese sour cream and cream of chicken
soup so I've got the hash browns in a
bowl you're going to use the whole can
of the cream of chicken soup
about 16 ounces of sour cream cheddar
cheese you want about half a bag so that
way you can put some on top you want to
leave some for the top of it you just
want to mix it all up and if we fall
until the hash browns are covered with
the soup in the sour cream oh my arm
gets tired
people mix it with their hands because
it is easier but then your hand gets
really cold from the frozen hash browns
put that in there and top it with some
cheese sprinkle on top like so and then
you're gonna put it in the oven I have a
step for 350 degrees for probably about
40 45 minutes is what I'm guessing but
we'll see I'll tell you guys after it's
done yes what is it Eliza yeah more say
banana two banana don't you trying to
say here she needs her diaper change
look man we doing today I'm just
mesmerized buzz it's amazing a toy a
primitive toy that requires no batteries
or or electronics there's no touchscreen
it's just a just a slinky what we called
a toy back in my day go see if it'll go
down the stairs mmm I don't think it's
gonna work son do you guys have slinkys
where you're from slinkys were like oh
whoa whoa that's a new way my sling keys
are like huge when I was a kid then
multicolored ones plastic ones metal
ones small ones big ones what this will
do yeah that one's mental the only
problem with the slinkies where if you
played with them too hard he always got
like twisted up and some of them you
could
get untwisted it's boring there yeah but
guys the cheese on the top should be
slightly Brown um it's not easy right
super easy hey I don't know about that
finisher are good so just has hash
browns sour cream cream chicken soup and
cheese super simple everyone's playing
with their balls around here geez say
nun night Liza hey night she was too
amused by the stinky yeah Colin Carson
let's say our goodnights it's time for
bed ready okay say our goodnights Carson
goodnight so Chase has a problem explain
what stuffed up think it's worse at
night his nose is all congested and his
sinuses and whatnot you're gonna do is
take 15 drops of peppermint lemon
oregano in melaleuca essential oils into
a jar either jelly jar in this case we
have an extra baby food jar put 15 drops
in side of the jar with like four or
five cotton balls
honey this should clear your sinuses
there's that smell yeah 10 to 15 times
deep breaths inhaling it oh my gosh I
feel like poo even though I don't feel
good still doesn't mean the kids off
school and they gotta get their lunches
packed and everything so that's that's
the one thing about being parents like
you don't get sick days do lunch pack
yep your lunch is totally packed look at
that it appears as though my message has
been heard to mother nature 55 today 62
tomorrow and so if we got a little bit
of warmer weather at the cost of me like
you know severe head cold I think that's
all right I think that's all right there
it is bye all right bud happy Friday
this the weekend did said I will get to
play just coffee you can play just cause
3 I promise love you he's so concerned
about that game I'm going to actually
end the vlog here this morning I'm going
to go straight home I'm going to shower
i'm going to edit this video and then
we're going to go downstairs and film
the unboxing and i want to get the base
of my organized so that this weekend we
can focus on being outside cuz it's
gonna be warmer late not but if we could
do a video um of five nights at Freddy's
life I'll be so cool yeah Carson has
explained that he wants to do a five
nights at Freddy's video but that would
be pretty elaborate to pull off not that
we can't we'll just have to plan it out
right we'll see we can do well we have
to get to coughs news first yeah we'd
have to get costumes we have to buy a
moment oh so that's what we're gonna
leave you for today I want to say thank
you so much for watching putting up with
my stuffiness and complaining I'm a baby
when I get colds thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see each
and every one of you right back here
tomorrow
you
