what's up guys welcome to our day it's
an exciting day today we're gonna send
mother nature a little message we've
been talking about it for a while and
it's been cold and snowy and just
miserable here in Ohio for quite some
time and I feel like now is the perfect
day to let mother nature know exactly
how we feel so we're getting all our
stuff together I got my GoPros and stuff
I got my drone I got my cameras and
veronik and the boys are already out
there we're gonna go and we're gonna
we're gonna have a little bit fun right
Dallas scared
so Dallas and I are here at pants again
we're looking for something unique today
we're looking for snowmen hearts snowmen
heart yeah we're gonna need three it out
all right so I think it's pretty clear
what we're doing today we got some
tannerite
aka snowmen hearts and we are gonna blow
the crap out of the snowmen but I feel
like we should make like I had this idea
to make a separate video we're like
we're done with the winter and we want
it to be we want it to be warm again
so like we're making this message to
mother nature to show her that we've had
enough so we're gonna just wrap up some
snowmen today in the most epic way you
guys ready for this whoa it's too deep
you need to pack it down so this is our
playground today guys the fun of today's
vlog is gonna be just out here building
snowmen and stuff but the other video is
gonna be just us having even more fun
with the snowman so Dallas is getting
ready boys are gonna help us build we're
gonna build like five or six snowmen and
just go to town all right take two I'm
ready you ready here we go
all right boys you ready to build some
snowman you ready Colin we're gonna
build like six of them yep all right
there's the start of snowman one
Carson's got the head right there it's a
good-looking head buddy
okay there's number three arms the
finishing touch okay that's good they
don't have to go in too far
nice what are you doing are you might be
he say had to go pee so we've got one
two three four five six snowman our
building is complete we had a lot of fun
putting these things up but they're
missing they're missing one thing
they need a face all right so we're
gonna paint up the rest of these faces
and we're gonna get to the actual video
I want you guys to click somewhere up
there to check that video out but make
sure you come back to this one to watch
the aftermath when we're done doing this
so Dallas and Josh went inside
they're cold but before I go inside we
got to get a couple other pickup shots
but I wanted to show you the aftermath
of our hard a little film shoot here all
but one remains we thought we'd leave
Chloe wood we kind of tag-teamed one of
the Snowman Dallas was supposed to like
just tackle one but instead we thought
it'd be cooler if he shot it with a
shotgun and then tackled it but this is
all that's left
all that's left there's just a pile of
snow there that's awesome
that was fun six snowmen three exploding
targets samurai sword and shotgun that
was awesome I'll see you in a few honey
that was fun
did you hey did you see the snowmen blow
up was it awesome Broncos got to go pick
up a lot of shoes staying at Amanda's
while we were filming this and then yeah
dude that was fun yeah hey Silas did you
see those snowmen blow up did you see
that
he's like yeah that was awesome - good
work thank you for for joining in Dallas
thank you for being naked he's like I'll
do anything whenever I have an idea
that's just absolutely preposterous
I go to Dallas because he's like he's
like so I promised Dallas a bowl a'chili
when we because we got him naked about
to pee we just finished our food and
then we have a visitor Cathy's here
Brian's here yes Matteo Kathy's gloating
about being in in Barbados remember she
went to a mission trip to Barbados -
with her church
to go help repair was the name of the
wise wise Bible ecology yeah so that
building the whole campus but we just
put a roof on okay yes so she went to
Barbados the trip was a success
other than the return home yeah where
they had like major delays and caused
them to have to sleep in Atlanta Airport
and I hate Delta Airlines Delta sucks
okay for me it was US Airways they don't
treat me bad but anyways Cathy Oh like a
good grandma huh
she brought back treasures she's about
to show us what treasures she brought I
brought these for the boys
Oh more decisions what is it what is it
it is Bayesian money Asian money
yes fission money you have
a dollar it's that's what their arms
let's see a dollar a diamond a quarter a
dollar put them in my hand so we can see
this one is the dollar and they're worth
they still use sense though right
dollars and cents because I know you
like hot pepper sauce it's very it's
it's the thing down there everybody
it's like Frank's here in the United
States that blank on everything oh man I
can't wait to put that on something
jewelry earrings my suitcase this is fan
coral nice yeah who would appreciate
this
how did that not break it is actually
pretty flexible yeah see the little
brown nugget in there yeah yeah they're
they're like little snails oh but um
this shows are really cool
so you product snails and I brought back
a piece of coral rock and the only
seashell I could find well I was there
everyone say thanks to Grammy for
bringing back some of Barbados
thanks granny yeah this guy low heat do
it darn it yeah y'all man that's how I
shoulda stayed chicken nugget that's
gonna be good right there it's gonna be
good unlike a chicken's thumb in there
now no you know I there's no turning
back
I feel like wait wait what's this just
probably from where I was wrestling with
her to get her dress you can't be so
ruffle oh honey honey will you do my
back will you do my back honey no oh oh
whoa whoa whoa oh okay Linda easy it's
not working deep breath hold on Veronica
class my ribcage be doing take a deep
breath Oh
give us a good positive thought for
today why do you got brains in this
night sky and then don't goes with it
then it hardens in the ice then it
crumbles up and then turns into snow I
believe every part of that except the
dirt going in this guy Carson it's time
for bed and I guarantee you're gonna
have school tomorrow so get some sleep
you know what to do you know what to do
Carson hey guys good morning
yes morning after we put the kids villa
tonight all of us pretty much just
completely crashed out you wouldn't
believe how tiresome it is to build six
snowmen in a row it's a lot of work
actually
well yeah making the video was a lot of
fun and dare I say that messing with the
weather gods kind of gave me a bit of a
sore throat it would also be really
awesome if you guys join us tonight for
our livestream I do gaming live streams
on Twitch every Wednesday Friday and
Sunday Wednesdays and Fridays at 5 p.m.
Eastern and Sunday at 10 a.m. Eastern
today we're gonna play a medica call of
duty black ops 3 so it'd be really
awesome if you guys would join us the
link is in the description if you've
never been there before it's free to
join you just have to make a twitch
account so you can chat the chats the
most fun part of it yeah so I'm gonna
try and get some rest before the
livestream happens tonight and so that's
where we're gonna leave it today I want
to thank you guys so much for watching
and we can't wait to see each and every
one of you right back here tomorrow
