what's up guys so the boys are up front
playing with the snowman they're
building a snowman I'm gonna sneak up
front ambush them with these snowballs
Echo's out here having a blast huh yeah
go hear an echo
go get the frisbee go get it and she
loves the snow
love love love it come here girl
we're gonna go inside did you have fun
with our snowball fight yeah there's no
yellow snow in there is there okay
yellow snow is Pete just so you know the
Jeep's embarking at me for a minute to
get the oil changed
it's due for an oil change we'll stop by
and get one of those you know me I do my
own oil changes throughout the year but
I do it myself so much that I feel like
at least one time during the winter I
can have it done by someone else Oh
to cold we're in we're in we're almost
there
boom check it out this is the old air
filter very dirty new one that's part of
it right we'll do it yeah yeah I'll just
saying these guys make you feel like
you're in the NASCAR pitstop like they
take care of everything
oil pressure the top off all the fluids
check your wipers your lights
that's 100% awesome thank you Wyatt
Thank You Ryan and Michael duck thank
you Michael
thank you Michael I treated like the air
force in here take care guys thanks dude
that's fun I told her I was like there's
a perfect prank opportunity in here like
you get someone to come in and they
gotta pop the hood and go underneath the
car and stuff they could have like one
of those Halloween props severed arms
and stuff with like fake blood on them
tell the person when they pop the hood
man we found something underneath here
you realize you hit a person and then
pull out the arm sit shake shake shake
oh girl good girl ha ha good girl good
girl let go good god what do you got
Liza you playing with the spoon let's
see if I can show you guys let's see if
I can show you guys Echo's team I don't
know if I can do this one-handed but
she's got my echo sit
you see though she does not like her
mouth monster oh my goodness I don't
know if I can do this all right there
look at that I thought you guys might
want to see this all you're done you're
dumped it I had to run all the way back
upstairs to get the camera and show you
guys this because if you ever like shred
chicken to put in like you know what the
D is that route to make sure whatever
she's using this mixer she literally
just puts the beaters on the mixer and
puts the chickens in the pan and they're
shredded Martine so you just boil it and
then just drain it and put it back in
your pan and use your mixer and it's
instant why didn't you think to show
everyone that I bet they would have
loved to see it
alright so Dallas Dallas was just
bringing up the Walking Dead from
yesterday and I thought it was a perfect
time to talk about what happened so if
you haven't seen it skip ahead I'll
leave a little annotation down there so
you know how far but yeah spoiler alert
if you haven't seen it while Rick and
the crew are walking out inside the
zombies youngest kid Sam he starts
freaking out right he ends up getting
eaten by zombies like Trane furnace mom
while she's holding his hand and then
she starts freaking out and she gets
eaten by zombies and then Rick's like oh
no Julie flashback frickin
her name is Jessica don't think Julie
was his wife's name Laurie okay yeah so
so she she freaking dies and then her
oldest son
grabs up the gun points it at Rick I
think he was trying to shoot Rick
Michonne smek puts her sword through him
and then while he's like dying he goes
and then and then Karl looks back at
Rick and he goes dead and he's all like
and I'm like how the most exciting part
of that episode I was like oh my Karl
it was a roller cursor if you haven't
seen it you definitely have to see it
even though I just told you most of the
main points of it there's still a couple
more come on almost get eaten by zombies
again it is Monday today and the kids
were clearly home because it's
Presidents Day they did not have school
today and it was just brought to my
attention that the weather is about to
go nuts again tonight it's currently
raining outside the rains gonna turn to
ice then turn to snow and then somewhere
around five to eight inches my weather
app said look at that that's what I want
almost slam like twelve of these you
know what else I need mm-hmm that's it
right
Tabasco stir polling not just regular
Tabasco but the Chipotle for tacos is
the best dinner was fantastic honey it
was really good oh she did wonderful she
cleaned the whole kitchen in the dining
room and she made dinner and it was
delicious and then dinners already
cleaned up yeah hey Mike can Amaka ma'am
can I marry
are you know why do they call you car
see anyway you don't know what about me
of course I am
let's go nun night hi echo no just in
case you have school tomorrow we
definitely gotta keep the TV off but I
wanted to come out and see how bad us
non look it is no camera doesn't really
shut very good but you know I'll just
sit down low so you can see
well I think it's safe to say we can do
today what we wanted to do that's quite
a bit of snow and it's not very cold out
we're doing this I can't wait I've been
wanting to do this for a couple weeks
now today it happens okay so mom is
making breakfast there's some eggs going
don't worry I got you some strawberries
hey boys you ready build some snowmen
today yeah yeah so it's snow just enough
for the boys to not have school today so
we're gonna have some fun okay guys
that's where we're gonna leave it for
today sorry today's vlogs a little bit
short but I promise you do not want to
miss tomorrow's video it's gonna be epic
we're gonna send a little message to
mother nature alright guys thank you so
much for watching can't wait to see each
and every one of you right back here
tomorrow
