hey guys good morning happy Valentine's
Day we are starting very early while
mommy's still in bed we're gonna make
heart-shaped pancakes I'll show you how
to make those is a really fun the boys
are working on making their own custom
Valentine's Day cards hey that's a nice
touch right there girls and arrows all
little Cupid arrows yeah I've already so
you're gonna make your pancake stuff
your batter just like you normally do
everything stays the same there but you
need to have one of these like they call
this a pancake pan and basically fill
that up with your batter and you tip it
over and then you have this nozzle that
you can draw basically your pancake
shape and what you want to do is draw
the outline of the shape first let it
sit for a second and then fill the rest
in so that way it makes a darker outline
around the edges very cool you can you
can literally draw whatever you want and
turn it into a pancake our shaped
pancakes with strawberry jelly so it's
all red and we're gonna have strawberry
milk and bacon themselves and breakfast
in bed for mommy on Valentine's Day
how's that sound Liza
Oh No
heart-shaped pancakes there it is guys
heart-shaped pancakes with sausage and
bacon
we got ooh we need to get that Carson
I can't spill it you got it you're
scaring me you're scaring me dude please
don't drop it you're pointing at the
ceiling it's love milk pink it's
actually pink
let me take over you're welcome the boys
made you cards and everything yeah
Carson okay well it's time for breakfast
you better eat up I gotta go finish
making more heart-shaped pancakes for
these boys well so we took it easy this
morning after our Valentine's Day
breakfast and if you remember in
yesterday's vlog I said something
veronik about like eating healthy and
getting some getting some like proper
food in here for us check this out she
goes I bought you some stuff check that
out some salmon oh I love fish by the
way so salmon tilapia we got here
tortilla Preston - laughing
I mean that's a good start
protein bars bars snack on cheese mmm
okay I see what you're doing so
typically we would like go out dinner on
Valentine's Day and all that but we're
gonna keep it like we're gonna keep it
low-key we're actually gonna go have
steak over at Scott and Lindsay's we're
gonna hang out then tonight instead of
going to like a crowded restaurant which
raga doesn't like anyways so we're gonna
have the steak and potatoes and big fat
kisses happy Valentine's Day - are you
guys out there all you couples all you
single people don't worry we'll be your
Valentine's - okay cookie you don't need
a Dallas you don't eat it down did you
get me a balloon you're trying to eat
healthy okay no I mean it's a thoughtful
gift these boys are running around like
Tarzan in their underwear so we're
getting ready to leave Dallas what are
you doing for Valentine's nothing you
ain't got no Valentine oh man I'll be
your Valentine
uh-huh you wanna be my Valentine bro
every Valentine's Day
humming you look so beautiful today I
can't even take it you're so precious
Valentine's Day look I got my little
Valentine right there hey legs uh you're
my little baby Valentine yeah yeah yeah
where do you see her outfit she's got
the cutest little
so according to the radar we're supposed
to get a few it doesn't say exactly how
many and you can never tell around here
but supposed to get a few more inches of
snow tonight meanwhile we're dudes who
don't care about the weather we're gonna
be barbecuing on that grill out here in
the snow oh dude
happy Valentine's Day Scotty's messing
with his uh cool little RC truck and
it's got some problems I figured maybe
if I showed you guys about it some of
you somebody would know how to figure it
out so basically give me a recap
everything's reversed okay hold on this
story right here this is a 1999 model
it's old okay okay the stuff in here is
still old here watch out though okay
it still works but it does it has a mind
of its own we hook it up it wants to do
different things this right here
obviously you can tune it somehow but I
can't get everything to work the way it
needs to work so when you pull the
trigger it's supposed to go forward but
it goes backwards yes so this is
supposed to be forward but it goes
backwards and vice-versa and then when
you turned this to the right the vehicle
turns to the left almost like you're
driving to beat the beat the car
backwards right
if you was able to turn the remote
around you can well I wish I knew I mean
we can do some Google search to see what
we come up with but perhaps some there's
some RC enthusiasts out there who might
know what the problem is and how we can
fix it of course we won't be able to do
it today but yeah let's know nine
moments I want to fix it if you know
anything about these and how to how to
make this remote work properly reverse
controls are not that's not gonna stop
us from having a little bit of fun with
it
we'll do some tweaking and see what we
can figure out but he said this thing if
you barely just push the gas it'll
basically do like a front flip it's so
powerful it's got so much torque already
it's off it's all really yes it's gotta
to have something to do with this man
I see I'm barely even I gotta be able to
hold it to where I can get all fired
four tires off the ground do you want me
to connect it while you're owning it
there's no action turned on its didn't
signal from some dude or maybe whatever
receiver it takes his badge we figured
out the bar we were able to reverse it
the motors were reversed so for drive
anyway so when he ever pull it back it
would go forward but what's happening is
with the trigger if you let go on the
trigger
it has to be like in this little sweet
spot so if you let go of it it it drives
so I think the trigger is bad on the
remote what we were able to fix the
steering corrector so left is turn left
and right is turn right it's good to go
other than the triggers like stop oh
yeah you can see it yep this is hardcore
girl on you guys out here in the snow oh
there goes light it's been months since
that thing's been lit up
well yeah it's winter dude it's snowing
good though man look at that
yeah all right we've got steaks on the
grill we also have a perfectly good
four-wheel drive right there and it's
snowing really bad let's say we take
let's say we take this for a spin huh
Wow that was fun
very quota
that thing does so well dude
her
look you guys ever had heat by one of
these before
fair enough
Donn's rather than not write to me well
yours looks like the foot yeah it
doesn't look like a foot Britt I know
all right let's see oh that the goood
like that we brought this little tant
down into Thomas tent and we put it on
its side and she seems to like it better
she's dancing to the music cuz she wants
her daddy daddy sweetheart there's no
that one is mine dude you think I can
eat that whole thing
yeah okay there's one real reason why
our Valentine's they turn out this way
we get to have steak potatoes and corn
and watch Walking Dead with our closest
friends how awesome is that on
Valentine's Day Oh careful Liza honey
you tripped her ray saw it see honey
come on poor baby
you find humbucker right here it's time
to go my Scottie see ya my la-z-boy
Blaine nice once decided to rearrange
our movie collection we came home last
night and decided you know what it's
Valentine's Day we're gonna take a half
day so here we go
good morning hey alright baby lies is
taking a nap had to come down here
finish out the morning strong with a
nice little workout Dallas's are down
here in his purple hat police
you can taste it look at echos new
outfit funny it looks like someone else
in mouth would you want to make my dog
look more like EU Dallas oh really
Eliza says no I don't think so
alright guys so we're showered we've
worked out we've started off the week on
the right foot hope you guys did the
same
I also hope you guys had a fantastic
Valentine's Day and I will wait to talk
about the walking dead although I want
to be really bad
because it was probably one of the most
exciting episodes I've ever seen but I
don't want to spoil it for anyone just
yeah but there's no and tomorrow's vlog
I will be mentioning what happened so
make sure you catch up so that's what
we're leave you guys for today I'm gonna
try and get out there and do something
exciting today if the weather will
cooperate I'll just say I wanted to try
and blow off the snowmen like we were
gonna do last week yeah but it's
supposed to start freezing rain and if
that happens I feel like we might get
kind of rained out but we'll see what we
can do
thank you guys so much for watching I
can't wait to see each and every one of
you right back here tomorrow
