you rang a Popeye's hey guys so if you
watch a channel every day you know that
my brother and his wife they just had
their third child baby Lucian and he was
stuck in the NICU for quite some time
finally he's home and we're all gonna go
and see him I'm pretty excited
so Bronco into the store this morning
and when we came home with Eliza it was
a really big help for someone to have
gone to the grocery for us and pick up
some stuff I was very kind and helpful
so we've done the same thing for Josh
and Samantha we've got him some
groceries to get him through oh and
there he is himself what about my how's
it going
yeah it's frigid cold today yeah oh look
he is guys there's a little guy i lu
shit i'm not buddy oh you're so tiny
barometer just wants to get her handlers
fella
welcome to the family bud goodness
I see you wanna meet the baby lights a
onesie baby she said she said baby
earlier we said we were gonna come soon
baby I've been the same baby so I want
to see what her yeah she says baby don't
look hurt careful like I wanted eyes
it's hard to believe a year ago this
little girl was well much bigger than
him but I mean just look at the
comparison she's a giant yeah hmm my
first time holding this little guy
smiley is hard Lucian yeah say hello to
the Internet what oh yeah they're so
cool Jesus goes camera taking some
pictures he woke up and he's eaten
love playing together yay good job wiser
play harmonica my name's herb Veronica I
play harmonica my neighbor bronica I
play harmonica that's how you get a
smile out of her
oh yeah Carson we're just leaving Josh's
what a fun awesome little visit I got to
meet the little dude senior link area is
that because he's so cute it hurt yeah
we're gonna go now to my mom's house the
boys am Veronica haven't seen her since
she had her knee surgery so we're gonna
check in over there too since we're an
area we go ringing it College Road
Shawna you broke it look she broke it
Shawna welcome to mom's house we just
actually finished eating some Fanny's
would you get me for dinner would you
make for dinner today that goes I didn't
I told Veronica on the way over here I
was like we need to make a positive
change in our lives and you have to be
the forefront of that champ
I was like we need to start eating
healthy and this this hot dogs wrapped
in croissant
no isn't gonna cut it for dinner what
are you gonna make for dinner tomorrow
tomorrow Marvin tines saying um to
McDonald's Liza you on taste
I'm not Liza she wants ice you want some
apple pie Liza that's a mess of an apple
pie hey
on my couch it's a Dutch apple pie don't
get that on your mom's I won't get it on
the couch I'm a big boy I'm a grown man
all right I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
mess up and ha hey pepper looks what you
ruining my shot dog pepper
oh these dogs oh come on dad you need to
get rid of these dogs that dog their
garden your mom it's been bleeding show
me the blood I love blood it's not too
bad I don't see anything there's nothing
I wouldn't pull that over there
whoo careful throwing oh that is so cute
they're like she's little eyes Oh mom
that is the cutest surgical incision
thing where do you want well I don't got
it right here it's hurting right do you
want it Eliza what was that
I mean it what is that Liza I don't
she's just water there mm-hmm
forget this my mom because of her being
sick when she watched Josh's kids being
in the in the hospital yeah his kids
were sick right so she was watching them
they were sick they got her sick so I
wouldn't go that though and so she can
go back up to see the baby and now that
they're out she's had knee surgery she
can't get out and go over there so I'm
showing mom now the pictures from what
we shot today and a lot of them look
really really good here instead of
showing you on the screen like on the
computer screen I'll just put a few in
right now you guys tell me how they look
pretty good right I think they turned
out pretty good so here's the flowers
dad Gunnar nice roses they're hidden
behind the door three thousand three
dozen no eight there's the flowers I got
for mom what when you had your arm
surgery you guys were here for that you
saw me bring those flowers and she was
all excited look how excited she still
has to happen right beside her bed oh ma
that's so dice did you water out Aliso
desisting don't think I'd actually be as
dry it up on the song is decomposed it's
a magic bad Liza man I'd like to sleep
like that
what are you serious yeah I wouldn't
absolutely hate you for that
no I like my bed flat like what the heck
is this it's not a couch you know so
then when you get old you don't even
have to get to the met and sexual
positions anymore you just push buttons
oh my gosh on that note oh we've made it
home where's our puppy doggy echo-y echo
if I can get a chance to show you guys I
want to show you so bad her canines on
this side for sure decide she still has
her baby canine and her adult canine
both side by side together still has the
baby canine which is kind of weird but
cool with him she's got like two canine
teeth this is how we're gonna end the
night you guys it was a little piggy
back ride for mine it's always sad to
turn those things off
but I want sorry I'm the dad like I stay
up late a lot of late
oh yeah smell my feet Carson snow one
feet cold Collins no my feet so by the
time you're watching this I hope you all
had a fantastic Valentine's Day so far
and you've told all those special ladies
in your life or guys how much you love
them and all that and keep in mind that
Valentine's Day it doesn't mean that
that's the only day that you show people
you care about how much you love them
how many times have I buy you flowers
just because often you don't have to lie
hmmm yeah yeah so yeah I want to say it
was very exciting to meet my new nephew
today finally the poor little guy is
only a couple weeks old and he's been
through so much already not only him but
Josh and Samantha so congratulations you
guys when being home we're very happy
for everything turning out it's been a
real blessing so and I hope you guys are
excited to see him I mean new new family
member so how cool could that be so
thank you for joining us for today's
activities as always we appreciate you
watching thank you so much and we can't
wait to see all of you right back here
tomorrow
