what's up guys welcome to our day happy
Friday to you today is kind of a helping
day my mom's having surgery on her knee
so we're gonna go and check on her my
grandpa has a doctor's appointment kind
of a really strange doctor's appointment
for me to be a part of but I'll explain
a little more in a little bit
there he is you ready grandpa yeah
don't yell at him he's old no he can't
hear well he's also old yes so the
doctors blown after grandpa - is that a
urologist
so now you understand why it's a bit
weird for me to go when I get old I hope
my kids will take me to the urologist to
finding them - honey I'm number two
who's number one
sure Jonathan umber one and well you're
number one inch on this number one both
of you oh I'm cool
mm-hmm valet parking only the best you
know thank you
so we're coming in to see mom for a
surgery you on chair I'll push you yeah
sit down have a seat I'll take care of
you
God knows you've done it for me I'm sure
yeah so mom's having her knee surgery
right now she's gonna love it and we're
gonna come check on
kind of short visit we've gotta get to
the doctors of mom is in surgery but
recovering my dad oh no so we're on the
way to grandpa's doctor's appointment I
guess a little backstory is was it like
a month ago two months ago about a month
ago he had blood in his urine and they
went in determined that he had like
cancer in his bladder and recently they
went in and took a bite they actually
were supposed to take a biopsy but took
it all out and so now he's a catheter in
for a couple weeks and we're going to do
like follow-up stuff with that change
out his catheter and try and determine
why why he still can't fully empty his
bladder so
yeah Oh her doctor's appointment for me
to get look at this guy oh that's an
accident
Oh what is it
I know where that's right oh yeah I
would like to say look at look at this
beautiful weather and now this little
light snow that's happening even though
I hate the cold and all the winter stuff
it is pretty it's nice to see the
seasons change oh it's like going into a
walk-in freezer you don't want to stay
you know yo any of you need to come out
in the room she holds a cup she was
gonna get a urine sample when he pulled
up his legs says here have some so I had
to come out because they're changing the
catheter and I'm very disappointed at
the way the doctors are treating my
grandfather like I'm really mad
yeah that is
we made it back home it's very cool and
it's about to start snowing again just
really annoyed right now
grandpa I love you I love you I'll see
you soon
she's home Mama's home she's doing she
had the surgery than this a little blood
it wasn't as bad a surgery as I thought
it was they just liked tricks and stuff
off of her joint and her knee or
something but apparently she'll be able
to like walk fully again in a couple
days mom's taking a wrap off she wants
it right because of her OCD well we're
gonna get to see the length of the we're
gonna take it down to see the sutures
sure that's only writing it's there's no
suture he's got stuff on it I'm sorry I
couldn't make it there before you went
back pretty much by the time we went
back I went back they pretty much when I
get back to sled and an IV in me quickly
and he was in there with in yeah dad say
you got time to play one game of
solitaire in there
I thought these carmine but then he was
running as well nothing oh yeah so
here's the thing about why I'm so
annoyed earlier when we got to the
doctor's office
he's from from right out of the gate the
doctor seemed like he was annoyed to
even be seeing grandpa and I know my
grandpa's old and he talks a lot and
he's very hard hearing but it felt like
he was just super rude and you didn't
even understand why I was being seen and
all this and I basically had to tell him
what my mom told me to tell him and you
know he needs to have his cast change we
need to start figuring out why I can't
Pete
fully is it because of the type of
insurance he has which is Medicaid
Medicare Medicaid because I feel like I
feel like there's this kind of double
standard in the United States
specifically when you're talking about
like medical coverage and the type of
insurance you carry do doctors treat
people differently because they have
like government-funded
insurance or if they're paying for like
six to $1,000 a month which mom said she
was paying it was a pretty damn
expensive like is it is there that
doubles does that double standard exists
and did I see it firsthand today because
I felt like I did and I was like super I
was offended at the way he was treating
my grandpa I had to go away in the
waiting room I just look mom's getting
the executive treatment already mm-hmm
are you just doing the foot rub ankle
room that's good you know what as
Dallas's agent I have to inform you that
you're about out of time on that foot
rubbing for him to continue it's gonna
be at least 50
no it isn't it's Friday night
our pizza shop get that stuff done in
like 38 minutes mom I'm glad you're home
from the hospital I'm sorry you had to
have surgery I wouldn't do it
everyone wish wish mama Gill well again
again and tell him the bad news that you
got today there was today yesterday yeah
I spy in a sliding pool mm-hmm so not
only did we have this surgery or wasn't
this side this side and then this one
and then this surgery and this surgery
and this surgery now she's gonna have
back surgery I don't have my back she's
your mom dude she's your mom look at
this once again the snow is lying
we're gonna get like a blizzard tonight
no one knows that it's driving it look
at it man look at this situation you
guys this is nuts
more snow dude I can't believe it's so
bright out - mm-hmm you might have to go
out this weekend again and do some
sledding and stuff with the kids it is
uh you know it is Valentine's weekend
and like I said we always used to go
away and like snowboard for Valentine's
Day so I want to see if maybe we somehow
Veronica and I can get away this weekend
and do that did you guys get a bunch of
candy and stuff you left yours on the
bus what oh man
the greatest song ever okay go ahead
yeah Veronica's
yeah every morning at the same time I
would wake up to this song every morning
for like like I would just laugh over it
you gotta hear it oh I know this song
I've known this song for years yeah cool
story bro I mean I missed you I gotta go
livestream have fun playing games have
fun playing games because again I don't
get to see you all day I get really
cranky to know because I love my wife
and stuff plus her teeth are coming in
is it baby teeth coming in they are all
four of the top ones are gonna come
through at the same time but she is
ready for bed daddy one tuck her in back
or 90 huh what that way yeah we just
finished the livestream and it was fun
we started out playing Fifa I was all
hyped to like at least score on the
street didn't happen - beat me won
nothing I'm thinking us cuz I had Mexico
though but then we immediately switched
over to black ops where I'm like way
more comfortable my mind look at her
she's like kick their feet when she's
know like oh I love you
and you guys have a party down here or
something well it's upstairs you guys
like partied you like a rockstar I had
all this clean last night and these guys
said here partied all day after school
that's my boys that's my boys well so
yeah the kids are going to bed I want
you to our one good night take your
night Collin sir good morning
look I'm watching the coffee pot and
this coffee again I'm so fascinated by
the fine ground this stuff turns like to
mud it looks like water but clearly
there's much more coffee in there I'm
just blown away by it I don't know why
alright guys so that's what we're gonna
leave you for today I want to say thank
you guys so much for watching I hope
you're having a fantastic Valentine's
week and so far don't forget to get
flowers for your girlfriend or your mom
if you don't have one it's the perfect
time to not drop the ball and take care
of those special ladies in your life
yeah so I can't wait to see baby Lucian
today so I need to get the edit finish
and I suppose that's what we're gonna
leave you thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see you right back
here tomorrow
