welcome to our day what's up everyone it
is a rather beautiful Thursday afternoon
heading to the post office to check the
mailbox and then I have an important
pre-tax preparation meeting to head to
lots of fun I also need to mail this
cool little q+ camera to the gentleman
who won it all the way in Ireland all
right wish me luck least favourite part
of the year going down right now
at least it have complimentary coffee
you know
whoops I told you it was a like a
pre-meeting because I kind of wanted to
get a specific checklist of the things
that I need to bring in to do my taxes
because like I've got 1099s and the main
thing is like the house because I'm not
clear on what this year means as far as
taxes when we become homeowners this
year it's different when you're renting
or buying a home and I guess you can
write off the interest that you pay on
your loan but because of like how we're
buying the house we're not sure who gets
to claim that interest so that's what I
needed to figure out well it appears as
though I've gotten all my running around
done just in time to get calling off the
bus you should be here
what's up dude welcome home dude how's
school yeah awesome enough for a
lollipop what is this I come home and
you guys are sitting here absorbing he's
in one of the Walking Dead The Walking
Dead resumes this Sunday home
Valentine's Day eat your heart out
zombies lovers I can't wait I had
another idea something else I want to do
tonight is it's kind of clever and I'm
gonna make a video but I'm not gonna
post it on my youtube channel I'm gonna
put it on Facebook where it belongs
I'll tell you more about that when we
get to it but I think you guys are gonna
like the idea it's pretty genius if I
must say so myself like waiting till
last minute to give the kids Valentine's
stuff for school huh so Colin decided
he's just going oh these 18 of these for
his classmates 21 here but yeah as you
can see this place is loaded with
Valentine's stuff never fails every time
we go into a store you don't have enough
it's all about you know there's plenty
more parallels with this uh Carson is
counting out his how many got 2 4 6 8 10
12 14 16 16 how many do you mean 21
we're here
Cowen's best friend Riley so I got to
meet her mom that was nice and hopefully
soon we can have a playdate or something
we also need some construction paper to
pull it on the outside of their boxes
all right I think we've got everything
right boys yeah Carson what are you
doing I also get I get to practice with
hot tea I love that you got the glue
thank you sir Carson's trying to pull
off a creeper head for his box are you
sure you want to do that yeah let's see
what kind of Colin's doing he wants to
do a dragon oh wow it's pretty serious
we're gonna have to cut many many many
many many squares many many painfully
tedious taped pieces and paper later
we've got a green covered box I know
you're thinking come on Gail the
craftsmanship would be a little better
but you know what this thing will be
thrown away shortly after the days over
I'm having Carson I did the hard part
that required all the cutting and taping
and all that I'll cut all these squares
so there's light green there's dark
green and there's white you got it
Carson any more are you gonna get this
they're gonna rock it out
fine it earth-2 Carson what she's like
full-on focus mode because these dresses
old they're both lactic 100 percent
prophylactic dresses Wow
but that'd be the safest prom night they
ever wanted it's coming together
yeah can you get some more squared for
me please yes sir
I got you covered okay hey guys so we're
about to go to bed and are you ready to
go to bed dad I'm not regular bed yet
but you're at school tomorrow so you
have to go to bed I'm ready for bed
oh don't worry for bed and we have
Valentines for you tomorrow
a creeper head what are you doing it's
my turn to show you my box it's actually
not I'm changing
yeah it's not finished all I have is
just the sweetheart candy and and just
like wrapping around it right I still
want to put like like hearts around it
yeah you like around the mouth he's baby
transmission all right guys I'm gonna do
it a bit now good night all right guys
I'm ready to go read - I'll see you in
the morning tonight
and a lovely morning to you until you
sir look at this box that mommy did man
she went she went nuts last night she's
got the mouth with teeth on it and this
dragons got wings and tail that's it are
you excited for your Valentine's party
sir that one Oh make sure you tell your
teachers have fountains day from your
mom and dad to you there's no you know
teachers are like second parents to your
kids because they spend so much time
with them I know not only to Colin but
person to your homies Carson's there was
Oh Colin and just missed his bus that's
what happened on the bus now I'm gonna
have to take Carson what up homies what
up homie no Carson gets on the bus here
and I got a call into school yeah have a
great Valentine's party I love you
love you okay
you ready yeah use your little
Valentine's love dragon he's all safe I
hope you have a fun time okay make sure
you give out all your special
Valentine's you tell him about Riley you
guys remember the time when he say he
was getting bullied at school by the
girl what happened with that girl
see things can turn around hi bud
love you you know I have a theory about
this coffee I ran out of my Folgers
coffee this morning and so I bought
these for like emergency backups right
Jabalia it's just medium black coffee
but and I already opened one and put it
inside this container I don't know if
you can see it real well but this coffee
is really fine like it's very finely
ground right normal Folgers coffee isn't
quite as finely ground because the
majority of I guess extraction methods
for that coffee is the regular like drip
coffee maker I will say that normally
when I have Folgers coffee I can drink
about three to four cups before I start
feeling juiced you know to me however
with this stuff I've only had like two
cups and I feel like Superman so I had
this theory like does finely ground
coffee absorb into your bloodstream
faster than more coarsely ground coffee
I feel like personally the finely ground
coffee gives you a much quicker
caffeine absorption than a coarsely
ground coffee yeah I don't know you guys
should experiment yourself while your
coffee drinkers out there don't want you
to make a pot of your normal coffee and
then try finely ground coffee you got to
be careful not to get on the grounds in
your coffee pot though let me know what
you come up with all right guys so
today's what was a bit uneventful but
you know what you have you have days
like that we had a we got to get the
kids stuff ready for Valentine's Day and
and then of course taxes today I kind of
have a lot going on my mom's having
surgery on her knee today so I need to
go and help her get into the house when
her surgery is done but before that I'm
gonna go you gotta drive to the hospital
hang out with her and my dad while she
has a surgery drive back to my mom's
house to pick up my grandpa to take him
to a doctor's appointment at 3:30 and
then have Dallas and yeah so it's just
like a lot of helping out the family
while they're taking care of like
medical stuff today and I didn't get to
show you my DF for this video series
that I want to try and create for my
Facebook page well I want to try and
shoot it tonight I have the setup like I
had to come up with a way to get like
overhead shots we'll try that later
tonight I'll keep you guys informed just
make sure you come back tomorrow for
some more awesome fun cool gilroy stuff
so that's where we're gonna leave you
guys for today I want to say thank you
so much for watching and we can't wait
to see each and every one of you right
back here tomorrow
