what's up guys
go get Carson from the bus I see yeah
hurry get in here's cold dude tell you
about in a minute maybe but I just got
all awful letter okay
okay I had to check out for a minute it
was like time to panic
I checked the mail inside the mail like
it you never want to see a letter from
the depart the Ohio is because my state
new hire Department of Taxation sending
you an assessment for like three G's
because you didn't file by yearly sales
taxes I thought you just did that with
all your other taxes like once a year
but thankfully I got on the phone with
them immediately got it sorted out and
that's not the issue anymore I didn't
have to pay three thousand oh so hmm
okay aside from that the weather outside
is still very very cold it's still
snowing
a light snow it's beautiful the kids are
home from school being very rambunctious
and it is about five o'clock which means
it is time for live stream that's right
it's time for our Wednesday night live
stream the links in the description you
guys know by now that's what I'm do it
more of your live streaming and it's
it's was it's actually been an hour and
a half well I have to I have to quit
live streaming so I heard of storing it
some stuff for dinner or not
Dallas is looking going he just smashed
me at FIFA hard smashed me hard at FIFA
but everyone thank you guys for coming
Mario men's wet mine Wells and Connor
and Haven Christopher and G gaming
nomnom and Manor that's the dude
look at our area you guys everything is
like snow covered in ice it's cold it's
like dead this is about the time went
around like over it I'm a summer guy I
hate this I like to snowboard and stuff
but I don't I'm not a big fan I'm this
cold dreariness super Annika only sent
me with a list of milk eggs bread and
cat food that does not cover our dinner
for tonight so I have an idea
I always every time I go to the store I
got to get some Doritos because they're
my favorite but I have a good idea for
dinner and it's already ready so just
because they're already cooked and ready
that doesn't mean it's cheating
these things are really good one whole
rotisserie chicken hey pumpkin
Liza hi sweetie
she's Morrison Nelson though if we D
doing it honey I made things easy for
you get the rotisserie chicken and green
bean and mashed potatoes as a she is
literally the coolest baby how she made
mugs you you'll say some turn she'll
look at you like hmm and then when you
look at her back like that she'll laugh
at you you're so cool Liza yeah yeah you
trying some traveling milk
taste it okay and look how she crosses
her legs when she's she just no one's
ever showed her that she just crosses
them that's wild
all right so this is really happening
veronica has decided to forcefully
impose her woman technique is this
really huh
is this for real
wait it doesn't seem very warm
what is this and what is that it's stuff
guys you know you don't you know prepare
yourself prepare myself oh my gosh what
is about to happen so that look everyone
is dreamed these guys if you if you want
a live sneak peek at what we're up to
when we do funny things you gotta follow
us on stream that's stream with a STR
you'd I am Gilroy closed tell them guys
tell them on Twitter okay you don't want
to do that son we're only doing this for
sheer experimentation purposes there was
a women is he gonna be funny I'll tell
you the uh-oh
I can't believe I can't believe you
girls please - what you gonna look at me
your eye oh no this is so good she's
doing the sensitive huh huh oh my god oh
my eye
Brown my eyelid is stuck together the
worst thing ever oh my god seriously you
can't wipe this stuff off oh oh
so honey quit wiping I have to wipe
wouldn't winning out you like winning
now wipe it out Dallas is about to get
here his first ever waxing oh my god oh
yeah get it boy oh yeah how's that taste
oh ouch that smart stone you didn't like
I'll do our pit really yeah yeah I'm in
I'm in let's do it ah I'm gonna take a
large strip of wax on my leg right and
I've got some pretty hairy legs right
and I'm that's that's real she's not
checking it first I don't know I don't
think you should I don't know I'm not
gonna and so Dallas is going to take the
same size strip
to his armpit right down the middle
uh-oh
oh my god dude I'll just wait a second
like on this thing this could be a bad
idea
haha are you serious hmm - oh my god Wow
no it's dad's turn to get his armpit off
really can do it I'd rather do my leg
you said it I agreed those are the terms
the conditions you can't back up my god
oh are you really crying dude take this
lemon drop it on my face you are so
clean bro you're so clean the whole
stragglers so this is the aftermath you
guys I would say I won because mine my
strip has more harem models more pain
that's a matter of opinion we definitely
got a crash course in waxing tonight I
was like manis waxing Shh say nothing
but that I'm Veronica's like I'm a waxer
your eye thinks is it my eyes like
swollen in it
yeah you're left up she messed me up yes
you did my eye literally is killing me
your mom says oh my gosh I want more
things uh uh she'll have to watch the
buggy oh she wants to see my leg I think
that's pretty impressive that's nice and
smooth you know Veronica strain and echo
Dallas mopped the floors me earlier on
FIFA so I feel like I need some more
practice Dallas yeah you know I didn't
want handoff you know how when you wake
up in the morning and you want to just
like rub your eyes I can't do that to
this one I'm messed up that's pretty
sunrise
Collin what do you think about all the
cold and snow what's your favorite time
of the year is it summer when it's hot
summer yeah okay you like me then I'm
ready for all this stuff to go away and
get back to some sunshine have a fun day
at school buddy okay love you have fun
on your field trip I love you yep I want
to go by myself for once okay
here baby Liza's up
hi Kimmy yeah
boy take that one lies is definitely
gonna have some obsession with clothes
she's literally sitting in this pile
clothes and she likes to take him and
try and put him on top of her head
put it on Liza where'd our ego how's
your armpit good this is good yeah so a
little bit but it's good my eye is
killing me like she ripped skin off of
my eye I can barely touch it it feels
weird
I think that's gonna about do it for
today guys I hope you enjoyed today's
video
it was very painful to make it that's
what we're going to leave you for today
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see all of you right back
here tomorrow
you
