what's up guys welcome to our snow day
we've got another snow day today very
fun things gonna happen we're trying to
I got that editing done early this
morning so we could get out and have fun
but I just realized one thing and that
is like I don't have any boots other
than my snowboarding boots so I need to
get a pair and we need to get new sleds
for the boys is there okay if we go grab
some supplies honey yeah um we get
waxing stuff we're talking my my
eyebrows are awesome these there's a
man's eyebrows I'll be right back for
you you can go sled riding she's no
sirree yeah that one yeah yeah it says
push how's this me Dallas what do you
think is that is that hot yeah come on
don't mess with me now I've never really
bought a pair of boots before I mean
call me crazy I've always been like a
sneaker skate skate shoe type guy this
is what we need right here look at this
you know snow getting in that yeah wow
that's cool
all right so check this out this is the
boot Columbia fully waterproof insulated
up to negative 32 degrees thank you
what's your name Michelle hooked it up
right off the bat with a fantastic pair
of boots
mission successful I got my first pair
of boots and they're big ones but
they're waterproof so that's how I got
them
this is know you don't mess around did
your feet wet yesterday well Dallas and
I were out we picked up FIFA 2016 so I
played it last night and he schooled me
hard schooled me hard
so by the time you're watching this it
won't be long from now we'll be doing a
live stream and I think we should play
feet for 2016 just for the fun of it
there's another lot of you guys have
been saying Gil get a sports game so
yeah make sure tonight 5:00 p.m. Eastern
you come and watch us twitch.tv
forward-slash Gilroy gaming and I'll
play you if you want to join I'll play
you you'll probably win but I'll get
better
I'll play you you're playing you look
like a bank robber luckily our local
progress lads are you kidding me so we
got a couple disc sleds we about to ride
what daddy got their big girl days first
pair of boots I had to get one of these
two because the other ones been used by
multiple people and you know and you use
them they get all like you breathe
through them and stuff and they get all
wet of course you can wash them but I've
never wore boots before people I never
wore no boots before except for you know
snowboarding boots but you try and walk
in you really never have pants boots on
here we are we're at Veronica's uh
grandma's house gram gram where we were
doing the snowboard or the long boarding
the other day the hills like right over
here
they've got a pretty gnarly down hill
over the back here we'll show you
shortly
we gotta get the kids suited up in their
snow suits and then it's time to put on
our snow pants what are you putting on
your snow pants on let's go find our
spot you can go play in the snow Eliza
she's like too many socks achoo what are
those Liza
those are keep your hands warm
sweetheart yeah I got the camera took
some shots of baby lies in the boys
inseams snow-covered scenery it's
beautiful out here baby Liza's first
sled ride are you sided Liza she does
not know what's about that we be able to
do that with the GoPro camera okay don't
don't hurt my baby
she's not she's like I like to know
well yeah yeah
where did Colin go oh come on dude let's
go in we've had a lot of fun now it's
time to leave grab-grab thank you it was
a blast we got to go home and get ready
for dinner why because well it's dinner
time and we've learned that today is
national pizza day I know it's exciting
right so we're gonna go stop by the
store and get some supplies to make
homemade pizza so we went to the store
Sally's Beauty Supply Veronica got some
I don't know what I don't know what it
is
wax for some body hair removal something
oh oh no guys I've just been spotted
hey lady I was married in my phone yes I
was yes anyways like I was saying we
decided to not go to get my baby instead
we got that you've been wanting pizza
for a minute it's good it's pretty good
but it's national pizza day so we got
pizza home I need it okay I'm ready
up here again that's yeah that's Pizza
Hut Pizza Hut has been probably one of
my all-time favorite pizzas throughout
my pizza eating career and you know I've
been in the pizza business
I know pizza
sweet babe
it's
you don't know what's going on my family
means so much to me they can dance on
tables or play with iPods I don't really
care what they do it's one things
important I just love you
are you going night-night Liza all them
toys look at your room boys you know we
should do the rest of the week nice
sweetheart I love you tell everyone
goodnight call him every night Carson
hopefully you have school tomorrow it's
not another snow day oh the best part of
morning waking up for a night off you
smell so good
now if you can tell bit extra black
today it should give you some sort of
indication as to its strength I may have
put too much so we're at bus stop two
with Carson I forgot the camera at home
for Colin Kim sucks too cuz it was funny
we missed we missed his bus and it was
one of those times where I had to chase
it down again that's always fun okay
love you bye so I came upstairs to take
care of some bills and stuff I'm going
to have to end today's video we took a
snow day yesterday had a lot of fun but
now I got to do some work and finish my
taxes which I hate doing so wish me luck
thank you guys so much for watching and
I can't wait to see all of you right
back here tomorrow
