what's happening guys welcome to the
vlog I hope everyone's having a
fantastic day I wish I could have
brought you into my last couple days
because honestly it's been an extreme
mix of really high highs and really low
lows as you guys know the baby's here
baby atwood is here very exciting time
for us but I also need to mention on the
other side of the spectrum I've also
experienced some some loft and in my
friends family Scott Lindsey Lindsey
lost her stepdad over the weekend and
it's been like yesterday I was at a
funeral and then the day before we were
at maybe Atwoods birth so it's been like
it's been I've seen life in 360 over the
past couple days has really been
eye-opening I had to mention it you know
it's just been part of what I've
experienced in my life the past couple
days I'm really seen at all today I'm
going to take some some pictures of baby
out hey guys ah we're gonna play I just
taking dolly Jude :
we're going run in the store real quick
it's a very hot day out is 91 degrees
outside the Sun still shining so we're
gonna go get some wraps for the pool
that's what I'm looking for so just
relax on a lounge chair okay yeah thanks
our other swimmers okay boys I beat you
in my bathing suit honest starting Ana's
raft how long you think I can take you
why don't we get the big one cuz this
money time
well our pool is tiny all even more mine
up let's see who wins
mine is way bigger than both of them
he doesn't get it
Collin wins I got some in mine but I've
been having to try and help Carson his
is still I think Mary on one roof Laurie
pass out hey Liza my is it yours mommy
I'll share it with you honey we're out
of trouble well I see you guys blowing
things up by mouth and I'm thinking to
myself why don't you the air compressor
that's in the garage good idea you
should go finish that for us might learn
from like that good job line mine daddy
you're slowing down after the not the
entire maybe it turns out I can't find
my nozzle let's go definitely if the
blows up my mouth oh boy this could take
a while
dude oh my god dude wake up dude you
good bro
so much there you okay come on come on
I'll be up short
come on okay okay oh boy I almost died
getting it blown up for you but jump I
want to see you lay on that immediately
get it off oh look at that
thanks for saving my life man ain't no
problem hey my life dude I could've died
up there about died son and everything
no air I had no air left it's all Julia
reads it out of me into that it's all I
got
ah I look at my pool stuff it's all
muddy partially my fault I mean with
that big rainstorm this pletely filmed
all the way to the top and we shot in it
the other day and we were splashing and
water was coming out the sides and the
dogs are just running around trying to
get the water and now it's all paw
prints mud and more mud I gotta clean
that up that's not going to go in my
pool oh my gosh
okay I'm doing it
all right pool time guys much needed
it's been wicked hot today wicked hot
and there check it out got my haircut
finally a little on the short side
that's alright
summer I honestly feel like I'm wearing
a woman's shirt or something this does
anyone know this brand called Luca Luca
anyways I just wanted to say before I go
inside a good may have dinner what a
past couple days it's been guys and what
an opportunity for reflection like it's
pretty rare you get to see like I said
in the beginning of the video today life
in full circle as I have in past couple
days and it really has allowed me the
opportunity to like kind of step back
and appreciate like the Sun and the
trees the sound of the birds chirping
like the ability to sit here
breathe and be alive it's a something
that I feel like we all take for granted
sometime and I really want you guys to
know that I don't take any of you for
granted at all it really is a blessing
to have you guys in our lives and we
appreciate every single one of you not
only you but we also appreciate every
single person that we know every single
person we've come in contact with
throughout our lives whether they've
stayed and are still with us or have
only touched our lives for a brief
moment each and every single person has
helped impact us and create and help us
to create the person that we are today
so yeah you need to really I don't know
like I feel like this opportunity has
allowed me the intuition to give you
guys the mindset to just appreciate that
should be the word of the day
appreciate the things that you have the
people you know and they surround
yourself with because they help make you
who you are now I feel like I'm a better
person having the people that I know in
my life and I feel honored and
privileged to be able to share the
experiences with those people these past
couple days in the philosophical Ram oh
I have something up slowly but surely we
are reaching a number a milestone which
we've been trying to reach for a long
time
we're almost there four hundred
eighty-seven thousand four hundred
sixty-five subscribers and I told you
guys at at five hundred thousand we
could do a giveaway and I'm giving away
a brand new Xbox one at 500 gig
minecraft edition so no a lot like
Minecraft but even if you don't like
Minecraft you can still get it on this
giveaway and I got a couple other games
to throw in we got that Mortal Kombat
we've got battle Cora
and evolve at the time I bought this
stuff I mean those games are relevant
but maybe we can throw and one or two
more items so it's pretty simple guys
all you're going to do is be a
subscriber and once we cross that
500,000 half a million milestone we're
going to give this game this xbox in
these games away it's going to be a
super fantastic if you haven't already
you're watching this vlog you don't
subscribe once you go ahead and hit that
subscribe button it's down there right
below or beside the like button o 47,000
466 oh okay send to me come on weiners
ready is ready
how's that inner thighs are oh good
that's good tripod don't want him haha
don't bump the table home hey don't take
my tripod is right now sometimes they
use completely random things to hold up
my camera here's a prime example so
it'll be Donald cup haha source is Owen
you gotta set it down you don't say em
you know I like that another camera you
just kind of set it up somewhere strange
right now McDonald's Cup came off the
table for real still most table dinner
was fantastic it was that hit the spot
but Uncle Roman wants me of my
battlegrounds now so I gotta go out
there I want to show Matt this game and
I'm going to explain it real quick so if
you don't have any care at all about
gaming or whatever you can just skip
this bar or if you know about
battlegrounds you can skip this part
so basically battlegrounds is the
first-person shooter right team based
first-person shooter strategy you drop
into a map from an airport huge map you
drop in you get to perish you down
awesome but 99 people in a match you
start with nothing so as soon as you hit
the ground you've got to run around
hopefully there's no one body
you're going to run around try and find
ammo armor loot guns and you can upgrade
your guns throughout you're going to get
scopes and everything but you literally
start with nothing like the hunger game
so once you get there and some stock
times starts ticking the zone stuff and
it keeps shrinking and shrinking and
shrinking until there's only just a
little spot on the map left and usually
there's quite a few people left in a
small fund everybody's like hide and try
not to get shot and there's no remod now
so if you get shot and killed you're
done it's over game over shout out the
player unknown you guys made a great
game alright looks like it
ooop ethic turkey and shut down oh I do
want to say I appreciate you guys coming
to hang out with us it's pretty much
time for bed
tomorrow is going to be very exciting
because we have something special coming
in the mail I'll wait to show you what
that is but uh but yeah we've reached
the end of the vlog guys remember what I
said we got a giveaway coming make sure
you thumbs up this video if you aren't
subscribed subscribe already
we're giving away a Xbox one app if
you're watching this the day we post it
there will be a live stream tonight
would be amazing if you guys would show
up the house is quiet so I might as well
tell you by out here thank you so much
for watching we can't wait to see you
right back here next time
you
