what's up guys
quick baby update baby Lucian is still
in the NICU as far as being healthy he's
breathing on his own he had a little bit
of jaundice which is taken care of and
he's gaining weight Joshua Smith had
been up there for ever since we seen
them last and he asked me if I would
come and get crickets to feed his
lizards so I've never really done that
before these are the big ones right you
say have small ones too these are the
big ones that sucks howdy josh says he
needs 200 how do you pick out hundreds
okay one by one that sucks $34 it is for
200 crickets in 82 zone and 82 cents I
had no idea that crickets were so
expensive we're on a mission Dallas
Dallas were on a mission
to rescue the animals and make sure
they're fed so we're like humanitarians
yes
PETA that's right and it was snowing a
lot worse I was gonna say like we came
out on treacherous conditions but
all right so we made it to the dragon's
lair these are the current cricket
containers and as you can see there is
no movement none
you guys about to eat look how excited
he is look at him music game hold still
yeah any of these get loose so he breath
Joey did today gallon here time do you
fellas where's the other one
ah group what's up dude don't worry
they'll be home soon look at him he's so
cool man what the back face yeah hmm
he's doing tricks so we went to Josh's
who saved the lizards everything's fed
walked
he's got pets that dude's got yep
everything's good so I thought we were
in an area it comes to my mom and I'm
looking she's got this guy in the
driveway flipping the toyota FJ look at
this you guys have been saying you
should go see your grandma soon so maybe
we should pop up there and see how she's
doing
ma that's where I get my messy tables
from what are you doing sitting in the
dark mom you got to turn these lights on
sometime
tell her guys you tell my mom tell my
mom she needs to quit sitting in here in
the dark it's too bad for your eyes
please don't turn that light on oh my
gosh I'm shut down good thing for you my
camera works in the dark yeah how's it
going you're sick we're gonna we're
gonna turn this visit into a short one
then all right mom have fun sittin in
the dirt
I'm sorry you got to be here by yourself
outside create be loved you touch your
grown-ass man put that lunchable back
spend some time with mom and we gotta go
up and see gram off imagine this as
often as you keen cuz you don't know you
never know
stand back boo oh my gosh don't beat me
please you're all I have a they have a
doorbell hooked up to a motion detectors
anyone even comes on the porch it goes
off yes and I ran from the kitchen you
did and I thought it was mother what are
you cooking in here porpoises it smells
like porpoise corpus we don't smell like
porpoises you pour the water in the bag
oh you know this morning I poured in
three bottles it came out to be done
really yeah I live with this I just
cleaned oh oh
grandma's davon do that damn girl what's
that mean do that damn girl
don't do the damn girl oh I don't want a
gun are you gonna get one well I'm not
gonna shoot nobody
so she could go on shoot for a while
I've thought of this I got I got a video
idea but I want to test just one of one
of the questions out on you Oh a nice
question here's the idea I have I want
to make a video and I think I'm gonna
call it something like the generation
gap or something like that okay
where I ask my grandparents popular
phrases or words you have to try and
tell me okay what the word what am I
saying
okay ready okay I'll mess with that girl
no more cause she thirsty she's thirsty
she's a drunk
I don't know she wants money that's
pretty good that's pretty good what else
I mean she could be thirsty for the deed
you know she's thirsty for sex all the
time
grandma is Friday and we gonna get turn
up turn up mm-hmm what the hell's turn
up turned around or upside down
you got a guess you gonna try to make a
guess turn up turn I'm gonna go out and
get drunk that's it yeah grandma you're
the else Martin I hear getting good you
didn't know turnt up turn up turn up
turn up no club we're gonna turn up
tonight well I got similar responses to
what I thought I would get I think that
videos gonna be hilarious so in the
comments below do me a favor throw in
there any and all of the most popular
crazy like slang phrases whatever and
we're gonna make that video you're
making a new video look it's puppy
monkey baby puppy monkey baby see that
puppy monkey baby
it's the puppymonkeybaby she's Oh God
love them they're so sweet I feel bad
when you get when you get up there and
start talking to Grandma and Grandpa
it's uh you can't be in a hurry let's
just say that you can't be in a hurry
you have to have some time to spend
yeah and they always have stories to
tell you yeah it's true but I'll tell
you want that video idea to make with
them I think it was so funny and I want
a way to incorporate them into the video
is a bit more because it's like it's
like a scrapbook you know we can
immortalize them in the videos I think
that's what the how do you order man
stickers stickers stickers hat got your
G easy huh jay-z shirt t-shirt some
bandanas some more stickers easy man
Dallas diehard
yo the weather's gotten so bad there's
this big giant hill that we go up I
barely made it up and I had to stop in
the hill and put it in four-wheel drive
and this guy behind me is getting way
squarely through the man who messed up
my living room I'm gonna guess it was
you did you do that here's a bunny dad
oh you're so sour face mommy thinks her
teeth are definitely starting to come
through what do you think more than how
bad though can you see him um you can
see little bulges that's just part of
the taco you can feel on my little girl
what are you doing scientist wrapping
coils bro really looks pretty serious I
mean it is pretty serious if I wrapped
in two O's to blow up in my face oh you
don't want that no she wants me I think
she wants me come here
no Baba tonight before maybe oh yeah why
don't you tell everyone good night
Carson
so I put the kids to bed last night and
go to sleep shortly after we wake up to
this look at all the snow do I even need
to say the kids are having a snow day
today you guys excited snow days no dude
snow day lodges already pulling over
toys you know and a good girl there's a
good girl
snow bagged oh this is a nice change
normally this is the time where I would
get up and get the boys ready for school
and feed them and pack their lunches and
give them dresse we ain't doing any of
that we're gonna relax for a little bit
daddy's gonna edit today's vlog right
and then we're gonna get some snow suits
on we need to get a new sled hmm like a
disc I ever make every dad one bean
boozled bean boozled spray what bar
no way no way I'm not doing that right
now yeah I wanna I want coffee in my
mouth not taste of vomit so we got some
cereal happening
cereal happening I was thinking we need
to we need to get ready I know I gotta
get changed real quick let's see
okay okay we'll do that no we won't do
that today I'll be wearing a toboggan
yeah so last thing I need to do is edit
this video and we can get out there and
start having some fun now you're gonna
go slow
hey you know someone yeah we got to get
the work done so we can have fun and
right alright guys as always thank you
so much for watching and we can't wait
to see all of you right back here
