hey guys welcome to our Sunday Super
Bowl Sunday hope you guys are all having
a fantastic time by the time you see
this it's Monday so hope you had a
fantastic time and got all your Super
Bowl commercials in I know there's gonna
be some awesome ones this year and I'm
hoping you guys also saw some pretty
incredible things during the Super Bowl
but we don't know that yet so we'll find
out soon we're all going there's mommy
there's Colin we're all going over to
Scotts mom's they're having like a Super
Bowl party and stuff and Lindsay's
actual birthday today yeah so we're
gonna go and hang out and I guess just
finish off this weekend with the bank
boys did you have fun at Nana's this
weekend yeah what'd she get you what did
Nana get you guys Lego Marvel Avengers
when I went over to pick up Eliza what
was actually I took I took allies to
drop her off before London surprise
burning they were playing Lego Marvel
Avengers and J was sitting down with
them
yeah I gotta say after this weekend I'm
I'm whupped I'm like tired we don't
never we don't never Gaven at the party
like that anymore so to have the kids
stay away two nights in a row
the Allies made sure she kept her bed
but it was still fun it was really cool
to get to meet Jason and Stephanie it
could be just like I had imagined James
will do hard last night
happy actual birthday Lindsay yeah it's
all that's all you want she does good
out here before the Sun Goes Down look
at that sky that's some looks awesome
I'm so glad we had like a break in the
weather so it warmed up we could fly a
little more disappointed though that you
busted your your uh poor will attire
I've gotta fix again did you hmm what
you got Liza
bunch of the wooden toys huh got some
wood toys look at those is that ducky
ducky look good ducky we could probably
make those man look huh that's easy just
cut it out
broke up a holes peg circles let's go
this is what we got for dinner meatloaf
it's me love the cheese we got we got
potato and we got Becky Jimmy let's see
that look at that turd cake for the turd
now that's how you heat the house man
look at that that's the only heating
this out it's so nice though it's like
if I'm freezing cold I could just sit
right here
you could even cook tea on there and
stuff I've cooked the whole meal on
there like eggs and bacon let's do it
let's do it right now come on I want to
do it like how sorry
don't hurt me Jesus guys again stoked
right
don't mind them like that they're just
person did you enjoy your cake and ice
cream you're thirsty now okay we'll get
you today we watch some of the Super
Bowl the boys have cake and ice cream
everyone got rowdy for a minute and then
we realized that the most exciting part
of the Super Bowl isn't gonna happen so
we're gonna go home and get the kids
showered and ready for bed here you let
me take that forward like these girls
are all that stuff I got the most
important got why for a fun weekend yeah
yeah yeah we had fun we should do that
all the time right yeah no no I'm
burnout I want to go home and lay on the
couch and watch movies or something lift
him in there Scott
see you Scotty oh we got a sleepy baby
daddy are you boys gonna get teeth
brushed you want your teeth to rot out
of your head well then you have to brush
them did we say Dallas was here What's
Up now no no Dallas had a cover night in
Athens right the word on the street
anyways time for bed bud
let's go you got all your what's that
place for zombies pits terrible good
night I'll bet you're glad sleep in your
own bed huh oh thanks - all right -
everyone good night bud good morning
guys
we all litter the cable and passed out
and that felt great
I did see awake long enough to catch Tom
Brady and the Broncos win Super Bowl 50
yeah Tom Brady won his 200th career win
last night and when asked if he was
gonna retire he just said he had a lot
to think about and things he wanted to
do first like hug his wife and kids and
drink a lot of Budweiser that's beer why
not people love doing beer I'm gonna
live drink bear when you're old enough
you can drink beer you be good and stuff
watch out for that water temperatures
supposed to drop currently 30 excuse me
39 degrees Fahrenheit it's supposed to
drop and start snowing tomorrow is
calling for I think a hundred percent
chance snow there's your bus big boy
okay I love you see you later have a
good day
I'll miss you so baby lies is out of
formula I gotta run to the store and get
some for me look I went home and went to
the bathroom and by the time I came back
out look what it's doing now I don't
know if you can see it very well but
it's already turned from rain to sin No
who knows maybe we'll actually start
getting some some snow around here
it's been a pretty mild winter so far
really I mean with the exception of the
temperature
it's been pretty easy winter next
weekend is the 14th dead
returns on Valentine's Day I'm pretty
stoked about so I want I'm trying to
make a trip it used to be we always
would go out of town to ski resort
usually at Seven Springs on Valentine's
Day weekend and that was like our
special getaway and I want to try and
make that happen next weekend
it's not next weekend it's gonna be the
weekend after because I waiting no mo
night wait no mo
have you ever seen a trash truck eat a
couch before today you will
right
automatic
you took your that trash truck went um
on that couch right
that was awesome I've never seen I was
like how do they do how they even put
like a big giant thing like that inside
a trash truck but that's how it's done
they just put it in her trash truck eats
it that's the happy finally the things
out of my garage I'm so happy
look Liza oh good daddy oh jeez that a
girl
yeah oh you guys are everything look at
you look at you right now hey friends
it's time to wrap this up literally like
my breakfast need fresh cup of coffee
it's Monday
time to get the workweek going got a
couple things to catch up on today we
had a pretty fun weekend I gotta say it
was exhausting actually that's why I
like last night just I was like ready
for sleep much love - Jason and
Stephanie for coming all the way from
New York to hang out with us really cool
experience we had a blast shooting guns
can't wait to do that again but uh yeah
I got word last night that they made it
home safe so thank you guys for coming
we had fun that's what I'm gonna leave
you guys for today I hope you start your
week strong let's get it Monday
thank you for watching we'll see you
right back here tomorrow
