hey guys good evening to you I am here
Beckett
Stacy's house and we're decorating a
little bit you can see that some stuff
hanging up there for her 30th surprise
party she has no idea she's out to eat
with her mom and stepdad right now
we're just getting some decorating done
chase is coming but he is he has to take
the kids to my mom's and he's still
uploading the vlog from yesterday when
they went shooting and everything so how
could you back up with us here alone but
hopefully he makes it before she gets
back alright it looks like you got
everything set up and ready to go we got
it we do have an extra table out there
decorated with all thirty thirty year
old and stuff and I got her this little
hat that she can wear in the sash like
she did for me for my birthday I have to
repay her then we've got this I got her
this cuz she's talking about it all day
long so now we wait ready to wait we're
a party again we just got a text from no
puppy and there are now getting their
food that's 45 minutes away and Alysha
doesn't want to be on camera
so anyways while we're waiting it's just
us three here we're gonna do these
little shots these are many beers
stephanie has never had one so they're
my favorite so
it'll be good ready cheese to Lindsey's
birthday that's just not gonna shit here
after you got free moving in your mouth
that's a little better it is strong
since tasting so I finally made it look
at this crew look at this girl I was so
worried that I wasn't gonna make it
because I had to get the vlog I got it
done right everyone thumbs up Gilroy
yeah and they still aren't back yet
and they're supposed to be here an hour
and fourteen yeah so we're good for the
surprise they're here they're here go go
go
now here we're gonna say surprise and
stuff oh I just messed it up they saw me
they saw me yeah hey we should still
yell surprise anyway you know
yeah
you don't know them but they're here to
celebrate your birthday 30 it's mom yeah
but you've celebrated your butt off this
weekend last night yeah Lindsey is
especially 30 at what time tomorrow mom
doesn't show you guys her mom but she'll
just put a hand up her watch dan so
burana cos playing bartender this party
what's on the menu the perfect margarita
oh really
is it perfect it's pretty darn good but
we don't have salt let's go
oh come on alright so Veronica's gonna
show you guys how to make this is a
strawberry market
groans you should make margaritas right
now ready what do we do use my sari nice
in a shaker Cup and then you gotta have
two ounces of patron that's that good
stuff right there
silver and then one ounce of Cointreau
furnishes like an orange flavored yeah
no that's a top-shelf equivalent to like
recently there's our top-shelf margarita
yeah yeah one ounce of lime one ounce of
lime juice but I've just been cutting
limes and I just take a quarter of it
and squeeze it in
that's why they are so tart and then
cranberry juice is this a splash but
I've been adding more than a splash
because it kind of dilutes it a little
bit it's a little strong I just usually
go to over topics mm-hmm
this is my favorite part it's my
favorite expression shake it shake it
like a Polaroid pick yeah
mm-hmm yeah now normally before you pour
that in your cup you would want to rim
it with like lime juice lime juice and
then tap it in the rim but that's a note
salt cranberry margarita you may you may
have seen Jimmy a while back Jimmy had a
little face that was just uh a man for
astonished chin looks that's what Jimmy
did look at him you should've shaved it
all the way down dude I can't use a
reason really don't break out you guys
break them oh you break out Jason's got
one of those right now tell me why not
you're not driving I am I know but
really yes my god mine's a top-shelf
margaritas for her birthday and they are
really good we did go out last night and
drink a bunch of why mr. winery
all right this party is this party is
breaking up we're going home we're gonna
sleep you guys going home and going to
sleep yeah the hotels yeah for the
record Jason and myself we have Batgirl
is full of liquor that girl's full of
liquor that dude right there love yeah
we're yeah yeah yeah you're gonna fall
in love aren't you you're gonna expel
the love tonight agent yeah happy 30th
birthday Lindsay
everyone that everyone sell Lindsay
happy birthday
good morning guys you ever have those
nights where you just I don't good night
I hope all you guys had an equally fun
fantastic Saturday evening I'm just now
getting ready for my routine Sunday
morning livestream and it'll also be
time to say farewell to our friends from
New York
they're just here for the weekend to
hang out and have fun and I think we
accomplished that however I must say
they did come on a very rare weekend
because we don't like we don't party
that much to best things to wake up to
in the morning coffee my ladies i Liza
mm-hmm Eliza came home very early this
morning Oh 12 a.m. baby I love you gotta
go upstairs it's about time for our live
stream Sunday mornings are nice and slow
you know everything fired up Jason and
Stephanie are actually still in town
they won't leave till a little later
this afternoon and so he's gonna be
coming over here in a little bit we'll
kind of wrap up everything when he gets
here I want to I want to get a feel for
how you know how the weekend went for
them it's just really cool to be able to
hang out with with him and his wife a
very nice experience getting to see
firsthand one of you guys a very
frequent daily viewer and we got to hang
out have fun together and you get to
meet my friends and it was just really
fun and I think I think he had a
good time I had a good time with him so
I can't wait to do something like that
again
I don't know how often will do that but
it was a good experience and we had fun
so with that I'm gonna start the live
stream will pick up when Jason gets here
Jason was gonna come over here and you
know be part of the live stream
except for this morning that girl she
didn't want to wake up we're just fine I
don't blame you
we were out real late Friday night not
out we were up late I think they're back
here bye yeah yeah yeah yeah well you
know we're off camera we did a lot of
hanging out and just chatting good stuff
you know so uh but Jason's here now
playing some games where's that fun
we're guys gotta go drive back to New
York today during the Super Bowl yeah
sorry my team's not in it so yeah the
live stream is ended and I feel like
it's the time to end today's video but I
wanted to ask Jason Stephanie wood what
was your experience like this weekend
he's good time there there's people that
key word we had fun you guys what time
do you have to leave whatever whatever
they don't have to be back to work until
and they have a dog - what's your dog's
name
Bella Bella yeah what kind of dog
Australian Shepherd nice nice
I'm sure you missed the dog as well yeah
I think that's where we're gonna end
today's video guys we gotta edit today's
vlog we gotta get ready and go over to
Scotts mom's for an awesome Super Bowl
party yeah so that's what we're gonna
end it for today I want to thank you
guys so much for watching and coming
along with us on our weekend adventure
there's a lot of fun
some stuff up we got friends come over
couldn't ask for more thank you guys so
much for watching we can't wait to see
all of you right back here
