what is up guys how are you doing
welcome to my Friday evening this
weekend is gonna be kind of different
we've got a bunch of fun things planned
I've got a friend who just came to town
from New York and we're going to meet up
with them but more on that in just a
second so throughout my time on YouTube
I've had the privilege and the honor of
kind of connecting with a lot of you
guys you know on a personal and on like
a more one-to-one basis and today this
weekend it's very cool that I actually
have one of you guys here in town me and
him and his wife actually have talked
pretty frequently about blowing up some
snowmen however we we don't have any
snow so we're gonna have to figure
something else out but needless to say I
got a buddy and his wife here in this
hotel and they're gonna hang out with us
this weekend we're gonna have some fun
so let's go get
we are
oh dude
okay so not very long into our actual
physical relationship and Jason has
already given me the God had to drive
his car oh yeah are you sure about this
hey we got it started yes got sport mode
too so you guys trust me right I was
like I was like before we do anything
you guys hungry and Jason's like yeah I
was like what do you want the first
thing that came out of his mouth was
what yes White Castle so we just got us
a big ol bag of White Castle sliders and
we're gonna throw them down right now
we're gonna go fly the drone cuz it's
nice out and we also our plan this
weekend was to blow up snowmen yeah but
we don't have any snow so we're gonna go
to Vance and get some ammo and stuff we
can still get tannerite and like up
Tanner that's fine yeah but yeah we're
gonna go and hammer down some of these
sliders and we're also gonna go fly the
drone so we're gonna have some fun
where's Hammond what do you think of the
white castles awesome you like them I
don't know if I mentioned yet but this
is Jason with this Stephanie his wife
from New York and we're gonna have some
fun this weekend but we're gonna start
by taking the drone out for a flight he
seemed pretty interested in seeing it
fly this will be my first time using the
iPad Mini as my monitor pretty stoked
for that
let's get up there
what do you think isn't that cool dude I
love that thing and viewing it on that
big screen
way better well you count I will say
though it is pretty chilly well we say
we wrap this up and go - we're gonna go
to Vance now and get some ammo for
tomorrow so we've got our ammo but like
any man would do we got to stop and look
at this election I mean this place has
more you say you don't see those guns
available in New York huh
the New York SAFE Act really yep we're
not here how weird is it let me get the
gear out of the car we we have a live
stream starting at 5 o'clock that's in
about 10 minutes
Carson and echo and Colin are meeting
our new friends what do you think boys I
like them they're good people so here's
the course of events for tonight tonight
actually this weekend is Lindsey's
birthday
so for Annika and Lindsay and Stephanie
are going to go and hang out with
Lindsay have some wine so we have a live
stream so Jason and I are gonna go
upstairs and we're gonna play call of
duty the live stream is off-the-chain
tonight we just keep going back and
forth back and forth all three of us
switching hands and who's that the
biggest kill death so far i think you i
want positive lancer on but that's it
what are you gonna do oh well I'm just
about to start this public match all
right I mean I want to give a shout-out
to these guys who always show up every
single time we stream ksi savage mint
water awesome dude wizard all
Punky Brewster be Sweezey always taking
shots blog sucks says the Sean K 2010
hey man that's alright
beats Weezy always wants to do
shot-for-shot every time you die it's
time to take a shot I would be hammered
brought baby Liza to Nana's and they're
actually watching the stream right now
on the big screen look at that that is
pretty cool
Jay just takes babying was yeah he don't
you don't know it so we just finished a
live frame what do you think fine it's
awesome Jason always watches them but he
doesn't you don't strain yourself so you
got to see like yep behind the things
like look at all this stuff you gotta
keep track of it's hard actually it
really is but Norman has told me that
I've gotten a lot better at keeping eyes
on like the chat and all that kind of
thing right Norman indeed indeed
Norman's another one of those like one
word guys what was our max live your
live viewership there today 70 80 70 80
I think that makes me hate 160 yeah it
it's I can't even imagine for those guys
who have like you know tens of thousands
of people watching them live and
commenting that's never even your spine
to people you can't yeah what do you
mean you just pick one
yeah when you're just having a glance
over and you look at it well yeah so the
live stream is over we finishing up our
post stream meeting there with Norman
and I think we're gonna go try and like
track down the girls and mess with them
yep
all right so when you're thinking of
messing with people who don't know
anything's up the first thing you can
come up with is sabotage your ambush
right so we're gonna
stock up on a couple of these one for
each of us or not that's hairspray crazy
string there's crazy string should we
should we go double Pfister on each of
us maybe okay all right okay let's just
take all these bad boys huh we're gonna
find the girls
all of this for real they're not here
man oh we lose
we did pass some not the girls went to
this winery here and they're not here
we've missed them
here now we don't know where they are
when all else fails plan B
cheers guys cheers ladies welcome to
iover
so Plan B was a huge success the girls
are on their way home and we're gonna
bombard him with silly string
Dallas Dallas is a savage we've been
waiting for you guys we've been waiting
for you guys for a minute guys really
made a mess what the heck oh my god
it was Dallas it was Dallas Dallas
Dallas did it Dallas did tell him dude
Dallas did it that's what we were trying
to do at the winery but yeah you weren't
there like freezes up yeah so wait we
didn't get them as epic as I thought we
would come and I have a winery and go
into their cars and just three dudes
full you know so straight alright so you
spend enough time getting to know each
other but I think it's time to get to
the good stuff right basic catch
what do you want me do with this oh yeah
yeah we gotta get ready to go shooting
this is just a taste of what we're gonna
shoot with today show him what you got
we're about to have some fun you guys
have no idea Mossberg isn't that's a 870
okay nice orange hell yeah look at that
that's the bad boy two two three four
five six yep mm-hmm Jason's got to go to
Best Buy real quick and get a SD card
for your GoPro it's not a lot boys all
right this is a best idea it's quite
chilly so starting a fire it's just the
right thing to warm up that trigger
finger right there you go
getting a little out of hand there Jay
that's the big old flame yeah it'll be
all right
yes we've got Nana's gonna shoot her gun
today as well and Jay and then we got
Scott a Dallas and Jason haven't come
back yet from getting an SD card so
we're just waiting on them and yeah we
didn't anticipate the wide open field
being a little breezier than normal but
it's all good
we've got plenty of ammo we're just
gonna love these things up we're gonna
get some awesome shots we're gonna blow
some stuff up
we got gasoline and gallon jugs put on
top of the Tanner right it's gonna be
cool
the fireball
okay so we've officially blown up three
of four shock wave targets and we're
thinking there's got to be something
better something more epic we got to do
something cool with the last we couldn't
really get the fireballs we were looking
for but we did notice this old dead tree
here with a perfect hole like right
there that's our that's our guy
unfortunately we weren't able to bring
it down but we did make a little
progress that thing is practically
hollow Jason did you have fun that's a
good time right we blew some stuff up
Dallas got to blow something up Scottie
didn't get to blow something up I'm
sorry but we'll get you next time I'll
let you blow me up oh my gosh so that is
exactly what Jason came to do and I
think it's safe to say we had a lot of
fun doing that a little chilly not that
bad and we wanted to blow up snowmen but
we didn't get to do that either
so today's fun doesn't stop here there's
actually a surprise birthday party in
the works for Scott's wife Lindsay which
will be going to tonight so I think
that's a fair amount of content for
today's video thank you guys all so much
for watching and I suppose we'll see
each and every one of you right back
here tomorrow
