see the mining good morning guys liza
and i we're getting ringo in the office
or her one year checkup
go get your checkup we just made it
through the checkup and she did great
hit the elevator button here she's 20
pounds in 20 inches
no she's 20 pounds 10 ounces and she is
29 inches long
um and she they said she's going
perfectly she's saying words and she's
walking the only concern was she doesn't
have her teeth yet so but the doctor
checked them and she said that they look
like they're getting ready to come
through if she doesn't have any by like
14 months then we'll have to take her to
the dentist to see if there's any
problems as to why they're not coming in
but she said that they look like they're
getting ready coming but it'll be all of
them at the same time all right guys we
have made it back home and as I will
drive away I noticed the chases car is
gone so text him like where'd you go
when I guess he went in town to run some
errands and whatnot maybe Liza came in
took about a half hour nap so nuts he's
awake and she wanted to bring her
blankie down to me doing that go toy
that's it a chase has given me the vlog
camera for today he's doing something
different today since we don't have a
video to upload he's live-streaming all
day so obviously by the time you're
watching this it'll be too late but you
should follow us on the live streams I
believe it's just stream it's an app and
I'll have them explain yeah so today oh
maybe yeah hi there's your phone yeah
someone's calling - hello say hello hmm
Berg given her chicken now yeah echo you
better get your nose back those put it
up here I just make extra chicken when
I'm like cooking us dinner or something
and then just have plain well chickens
the giver yeah and I always have to give
her like the chicken first because she
loves her fruits and veggies so if I get
it to her all at once then she won't eat
the chicken and show eat the fruits and
veggies but if I just give her chicken
then she'll eat it and then once she's
finished with that I'll give her her
fruits and veggies and I'm having for
lunch the leftover quesadillas for mr.
day I've also got some broccoli here
firmance Eliza when she's done with her
chicken and then I'll probably give her
like some blueberries and bananas fruit
yeah
what's up I'm just getting off work hey
I actually was waiting for you to scare
me out
they usually jump out and I've arrived
now I've got you feel like coming in
prepared
Mandy forgot Eliza's gift for her
birthday so she brought it today yeah
girl it's in there sit echo
sit who's here right there but I'd
better hide yeah
the hardest game to find on the planet
looks like it's crushed it's fine I may
have did that while driving yeah you
want to get pied in the face Liza huh
huh yeah it's gonna be so pond yeah look
what else I got this isn't for the game
but yeah this one's for the game this
one this one these these these those are
for something else a new challenge video
called whipped cream bikini yeah right
just waitin for what size it is how you
do it oh my gosh don't know how to
control that stuff no man does
you got a little uh some right there and
on your cow daddy doing let's see how
much you can handle come on honey
show me the goods ready what do you got
oh you sprayed it on the carpet you did
you sprayed it on the carpet okay yeah
that's good yeah I like oh you're giving
you're giving her whippets honey you
need to point it up oh no I mean the
other way down yeah yeah point it down
you gotta point it down we think as you
like my hair here a new haircut feels
good feels good besides looking a little
boo-boo times past Eliza's down for a
nap I have cleaned i mopped the kitchen
floors they were nasty Jace is home
we're doing live streams right guys all
you guys are in the live stream right
now but you're seeing it in the vlog for
the first time that's right we're stream
and check it out
we've been streaming for 31 minutes 69
live viewers 48 lights that's what I'm
talking about so yeah that was the apos
talking about earlier it's an app right
you download called stream its stream of
the dot the stream or a dot am
wait say that again it's stream with the
dot
so it's STR e dot a
okay yeah everyone's got like all the
live sharing stuff cornered like
periscope which gives me hassle every
time on it so I'm just like stream with
the dot that's worth that right but
suerte so yeah the boys are home from
school and Carson's reading this book in
hiding gladiators grandma showed up in
Liza has missed Grammy yeah she hasn't
let her go just playing with her tea
she's playing with her little dollies
she got for her birthday yeah no it's a
blackberry showed up so what are you
doing because I hope you have a blast
birthday party wish I could be there
he's like know what you Fe coming bro
that's not even a question yeah bro come
with Veronica manga kid no I'm like
can't
Veronica's flying at Virginia this is
birthdays two days after mine oh yeah
so Grammys going to Barbados and she
needs to take camera with her now I have
an army of Canada however it's gonna
send her with this one because it has of
all my old ones it has the best picture
quality the charger I have does not fit
the battery this one I was gonna send
her with because I totally dig this
Sony's picture quality and I've
recommended this camera a lot but I
can't find the gold one and the
one has a cracked screen so that one's
out and all I have left is this older
Canon 3 4 ths it does pretty well but I
just don't like the displays quality
looks like garbage so but this one has a
battery and a charger and an extra
battery so that's gonna be your tool
that will work and I got I got a little
fuzzy on there so there's no wind noise
because I will be on the beach yeah
it'll be quite windy
not that I'm bragging that you all
freeze your butts off Nick really
because I could tell you some people
just never did ok have fun in Barbados
well did you tell everyone what you're
doing oh there's 22 people I'm one of
them from a church I'm going down to
help a missionary down there that we
support by putting on a I'm doing some
painting and going visiting some kids in
a children's home and doing whatever we
can to serve the Lord just being awesome
the real MVP they're gonna Barbados not
just to sit in the Sun and sand but to
make a lot of people happy and change I
mean that's a big change that's a good
change
that's an awesome change fist bump for
that Veronica said she's not cooking
dinner tonight
and she's like you need to do dinner I
was like fine you want me to make dinner
I'll make dinner let's go to Subway
so Dallas and I are going to pick us
this is happening this is happening what
am I gonna get I don't know but I know
it's gonna be delicious because subway
never lets you down is that right isn't
that right
subway never lets you down that's right
it turns out this is it just this month
just February
so just February only at sub at Subway
all classic footlong six bucks
dollar-fifty
Subway's the jam right now February is
subway for lunch oh my gosh
you'll get this so Dallas was all hyped
to use Apple pay for the very first time
to pay with his his phone but she was
telling man there she goes
did you know before before they started
using Apple pay they were going to use a
different service called Isis wallet
like what Isis wallet have you ever
heard of such thing no Isis wallet all
right so we're about to do the Pie Face
challenge okay inside here dress first
so I told the boys rock-paper-scissors
see who goes first
ready set go colony go first just
completed this five face challenge and
what chase takes the whole game already
whip on Colin's head and then he's
running around getting it all over my
nice fresh clean mucked floor well you
better clean it up you're cleaning this
up it's pants yeah Colin better clean it
up huh I mean it was funny he wanted
some cons like Oh tastes good
well if anything to add another game to
already massive collection of closet
board games we got a ton of stuff up
here guys this is like crazy time Kinect
for Candyland operation chutes and
ladders Hungry Caterpillar game there's
just so much doggy Doo which I don't
know what to say about that one no
hungry hungry heard which used to be
hungry hungry hippo memory clue all
kinds of good stuff we should just make
I think I think that isn't so much a
challenge as like family game night
maybe we should make a playlist of
family game nights I don't know let me
know in the comments alright Carson
night buddy
love you bud Mike : earlier today I had
to pick up something at Lowe's look at
this and get on my nerves watch turn the
water on and that just runs out the
bottom it's like a cracked seal or
something I don't know but I don't like
it because the splash is on the floor
and it gets all duh
so fix that it's like a satin finish
it's pretty dope
it'll take no time install check this
out
that's it so listen we rented a movie
last night the bridge of spies Tom Hanks
maybe I felt you know my rap I fall
asleep during these movies really yeah
well we're gonna finish watching that
and then we're gonna watch the witch
hunter I'm not gonna fall asleep you're
gonna know I'm not gonna fall in I'm not
gonna my hand stuck I think you fell
asleep didn't we say you'd fall asleep
good morning ass tell me what you're
doing today yeah field trip
ah I love you almost miss that he I
packed his hat and his gloves into his
book bag and he said I want to wear my
hat so that he left his gloves on the
table alright Millie your bus is here
bud
have a good day love you bye now
this is what I love about our little
setup here I can come down here coffee
and the slippers
get a little workout on now let's put
your shirt on jeez what are you doing
come on I wake up this morning to get
the kids ready for school and Dallas is
like nowhere to be found down here he is
working out on the freakin who just
showed up it's Scotty Scotty to potty in
that house he was like I got some
downtime before work
it says come over get your swallow you
wanna work out some coding stretch I
know you want to I would want to work
out right before I go to work you're
doing carpet there yeah well yeah LVT
flooring yes like laminate yeah but it's
like do did you shave whoa why that is
like noticeable looks good no it looks
good I'm glad some major lengths on
there bro no you're like broad slit it
looks good
obviously the matter of our hat just not
anything else but so there's only yeah I
have that problem too you know just like
every three days I think this is where
we're gonna end the video for today and
get my workout on as soon as Dallas is
done flexing with a shirt off so yeah
thank you guys so much for watching and
we can't wait to see all of you
right back here
