there is there is echo gets all excited
when he sees what she sees Carson or
anyone and me one of the kids walking
back home from school she knows they're
coming and waits by the door for him how
you guys doing today
welcome home Carson oh yeah good nice
nice
what's wrong with you little mess y'all
done it's a listen what what's wrong so
I'm very frustrated
you'd be an awfully vocal about it here
let's take this away and daddy will take
you down cuz I think you're all done ahh
look at you you got macaroni Oh yucky
anyways as I was trying to say I'm very
frustrated because my iPhone just like
it happened like a week ago I think when
I was with Dennis taking pictures up
town my phone is stuck on searching I've
reset it I've reset my network settings
I've turned off and on pretty much
everything I can do to this phone and
it's it's on my nerves so bad so about
to do an iPhone backup take my phone to
sprint and tell him to fix this now you
know I've been a Sprint customer for
like 10 years at least
it's it's been over 10 years I know and
Sprint's always like made promises of
expanding their network and better
coverage all over but I feel like that
has never really happened
yeah service has gotten a little better
in my area but overall his whole like I
feel like Sprint's service has hasn't
hasn't evolved to the point where I
think like Verizon has so depending on
how it goes in here and how they try to
work out fixing my phone I might just
visit Verizon it was in and out real
real quick matter of fact a little too
quick I'm not complaining about being in
and out real quick but all she had to do
was put in a code on my phone like a
dial code much like I mentioned before
and I even referenced that when I told
her the issue I was having he called the
store from my phone and it worked after
she entered her code I said okay what do
you do to fix it and she says well all I
had to do was enter this code does it uh
and it's working I said okay who's to
say this isn't gonna happen again and
why don't you just give me that code so
I can enter it if it happens she said no
she couldn't give me the code it was a
code reserved only for in-store use I'm
like what so because of that I'm going
to stop in right over here at the local
Verizon store and see what they have to
say
that looks good holy cow that was a bad
accident so I thought I would be late to
call and uh he's got a parent-teacher
conference tonight so Veronica's got the
kids we will still make it just in time
for his parent-teacher conference so I'm
going to beat up
what you got Liza
pick up bananas banana yeah
melon what lovely melons you have my
love ha ha ha unfortunately the progress
report from school callin school he's
great he's got good grades what the work
he does finish is I can't say flawless
but it's hey material however he
destroys the the completeness of turning
in his work he will not turn in his work
you she's got so many holes on her paper
where you didn't turn in work where does
it go
what do you do with it
well
we do it do it right Sean Penn
but why don't you turn the years in is
the question
haha the truth haha one of my biggest
pet peeves when we're out in public but
the kids having to go to the bathroom I
don't know why but it drives me nuts
wash up okay get your Co sir Eliza got
mad halfway through our shopping trip
forced me to carry her she's very tired
hey what are you getting mommy for
Valentine's Day Carson hello
a Valentine's Day pillow ha look at that
look how cool this is look it's like a
chocolate bouquet that's something
oh it's got a pillow in it nice look for
this one now mm okay
worth it what did you get Chinese place
I know you see have you stopped in my
favorite place to get some food yummy
yummy yeah Chinese Chinese withdrawn
it's true it's true they make the best
food dude
eriously : did that oh man that's a lot
of groceries that is a lot of groceries
good job :
you stick the dog out to fart no they're
not all right so I got General Tso's
chicken Carson has never tried Chinese
food before not even sushi but I love
dancing this is General Tso's Carson's
first taste come on so good ready thumbs
up I told you it was good it's kinda
spicy yeah alright so it's that time of
the night and I don't always have to
decide who gets in the shower first and
they can never decide all get in verse
so they rock-paper-scissors so this is
the final match whoever wins this
whoever loses gets in the shower person
mombatti
he's so excited hey conversing come on
ready rock paper scissors for the shower
one two three go rock paper scissors
yeah
ah shower time for : stick-up air Liza
ah
stay up there what is probably oranges
oh hey look at that little lioness right
there cutie squeaky clean yeah he can
look at you you know what she was doing
in there she was wanted she kept leaning
forward and just sticking her face in
the water
yeah then she'd come back up oh you're
so cute like that tomorrow's our live
stream tomorrow's Wednesday you guys you
know if you know what gills up to
Wednesday be that live stream now
yeah maybe we can do discuss yeah so
join us tomorrow today actually by the
time you're watching this it'll probably
be very soon we'll be going on on Twitch
live that's twitch.tv for / gilroy
gaming join us you missed it
you're filming me didn't even see it
hitter ha ha ha ha we're even recording
any of it yes let me show you how to be
a proper cameraman yeah
is it okay to know it's in your face now
it's in Colin's face now it's a college
face is it time for bed echo is it time
for bed echo Oh puppy echo has a vet
visit tomorrow to get boosters booster
shots sit that's good girl we have to
consider getting her fixed soon because
she's only gonna mature when dogs mature
she's a girl they start having it's lady
problems all over the floor where my
baby crawls yeah you're gonna need fixed
yeah today we can't just you know put a
thing on it like like that when the that
thing oh yeah hey honey would you would
you do me a favor and check check and
see what's on here ready oh it's nothing
oh you're upside down there yeah it's
nothing I gotta go hey love you mm-hmm
Veronica has to take echo to the vet
she's got some shot I'm actually taking
her phone and my phone to Verizon and we
are going to get new service new service
hmm I can't wait I can't wait I wish we
could go together but I'm horrible at
scheduling things what you want the six
plus so we're in the Verizon store
Eliza's about had
enough she's a very patient this morning
but like for us Oh James here this
hooked us up with our new phones yes
Veronica got the plus but I figured we
had a nice little special on this guy I
need a new drone a new drone
I guess monitor and so we picked up the
new iPad Mini you guys remember when I
got my iPad stolen from me in the
Charlotte Airport finally we're going to
get that bad boy back that took a little
bit longer than I expected which is fine
it's fun and we're like we're into noon
on today's video and I try to in the
videos like right after the kids come
home from school but I want to keep this
video going at least just until I get
home and show Veronica I got her the 6s
plus I don't really care for that big of
a phone
but I did like kind of subtly hint her
that I wouldn't get her it get it for
her but I did so she's gonna be
surprised
63 what and now what's the vet's office
with no wallet on my wall on the Jeep
hmm and no phone to call you or them so
I just have to call my direct my cards
over all right on what's that
is this one mine well enjoy your new TV
season we still have to do the we have
restored so you can have all your old
stuff but uh yeah you like it yeah
thanks for me oh I get a hug and I miss
bacon oh just bacon well I can picture
eggs too but I didn't know when he would
be back okay well that's lovely also I
just booked the flight for Veronica
she's going to you remember when we went
to the Outer Banks her cousin amber
lives down there she's moving home so on
the fourth next month Bronk is flying
down to help her drive back and I think
that's gonna be fun all except for my
birthday is on March fit and Veronica
won't be here be back on Sunday she's
gonna be punished for that but anyway
that's where we're going to leave you
guys for today I want to thank you so
much for watching today's vlog was kind
of me
maybe moaning about my cell phone
service but we made something happen
we're switched we'll see how it goes
yeah so we'll see you guys later tonight
in the live stream thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see all of
you
right back here tomorrow
