what's up guys welcome to our Monday
it's Monday very exciting day my brother
and his wife just had a brand-new baby
baby Lucian and as soon as the kids get
home we're gonna go see him
welcome home from school mr. Carson are
you reading don't look okay it's a
secret book see Patrick know you can't
see Patrick cuz that's he's trying to
share screen and I got a cope on my
laptop I'll be right back down Carson
so Patrick and I are working on some cam
15 media logo development looking good
looking good making progress be nizzles
home collins home you ready to go see
Josh and Sam yeah the baby is still in
NICU so there's a possibility you mean I
may not be able to see but we're hopeful
we still want to be there and support
Josh and Sam so we're going so we're
head now right around dinnertime
Veronica made me do this I did not me
she made me you asked me what I wanted
this isn't even real it's not even no
thanks I think the last time I was with
Brody he was like is it 87 always on the
left
I'm like no it's on the right here's my
proof
93 s on the Left 87 on the right maybe
they're different
this one's on the right it's on guys
like I don't know why but that looks
like a desert Sun it's like the desert
and look at that gradient that blue to
orange gradient that's what I'm talking
about you know what I'm talking about
blood orange gradient that's the grade
and I'm talking about for sunset I'm
urging my love
vlogging and drive more proud here we go
we're gonna get over you need to stay
that route so he can get home we're not
getting off yet
we're not the hair we got a little we
can't we can't get whatever we're
already we're already pulled over we
can't pull over any farther
the person we're going 60 miles per hour
1 6 0 116
were there we're saving some about to
get off right here honey I want you to
just take a deep breath in and then
exhale and get off right here we won't
be on the highway anymore okay
look look we're getting on traffic is
fine don't worry about traffic this is
Ohio thing right there's the hospital
yeah it's right there you you can walk
there you want to I can let you out here
good morning all right boys hop out no I
wake Colin I want you to know this is a
parking garage not a playground
you got me you stay right beside us no
we'll get in there just walk right
beside me okay I gotta get little bit I
know I'm not gonna leave yet
sweetheart so we had to make a restroom
break the hospital which hospital
Columbus
the Ohio State University Wexner Medical
Center yeah yeah and I have to say this
hospital is huge yeah lucky for us Josh
was walking my sister out on the way in
and they had to go potty and stuff so
once he gets back in we'll go up
check out that display that's sick I
like it
check out that guy right there it's Josh
Josh what's happening dude what happened
to you today
nothing up in me no Samantha got cut
open pretty up pretty brutal
yeah did you see it all oh you did oh
man oh man okay I got a cut cuz this
coffee's hot
all right josh has got the baby the boys
had to go to the bathroom again you just
want to get in this room and see
Samantha Josh will tell us all about it
here in a moment
she just had baby guys that's why I'm
trying to catch her
lyza baby we had to come down and get
you off some food
look he's getting windy oh here we go
here we go elevators scare me I got to
record this I got a record this don't be
scared
listen when I when we get to the top you
gotta jump ready ready now you two now
listen that's one side my elevator Scoob
she straight up jumps
no it's the camera so works
you're lucky you're lucky you're lucky
I'm sure there's a room at once and you
just let her reach it again no you're
lucky tell I'm wise uh yeah looks good
what happened was baby Lyda grabbed hold
the camera
knocked it off at that little tray there
bounced across the floor now the side of
the body here is a little crack you
can't have anything nice with kids
around eight-30 almost time for us to
get out of here Josh enjoy your dinner
rock-solid breath on that couch
I'm good sleeping right there Sam I'm
glad you're doing good that's cool
can't wait to meet him can't wait to be
ours are angry baby me that baby
there's baby pictures all over the walls
since this is a labor delivery she goes
baby
nobody here
breathe
this house was so big it took so long to
get just from one side to the garage now
we have to ride another elevator up to
the first car you guys go ahead I'm not
gonna make it we're this way follow me
daddy knows the city I know the city
like the back of my pumpkin well you
guys that was a fantastic visit we
stayed there for quite some time but we
didn't really I suppose we didn't really
capture a lot while we were there but
you know we didn't get to see the baby
which is kind of sad but he's okay okay
where he's at and in the NICU then in
Samantha's belly right now I'm because
of a condition she had she had something
called Colio stasis that's what I was
trying to the word I was looking for
earlier and it's where she creates too
much bile and the bile will back up in
her stomach and that's not good for the
baby
so he's he's good he's okay he'll be
okay hopefully they get to have him in
their room tomorrow yeah getting ready
to go see him now you know it'd also be
good we could hurry up and get home so I
can go number two
Kalama city is so pretty at night when
the lights light up the city she wants
to tell the boys good night come on boy
she wants to tell the boys good night
every night boys if we're getting kisses
I know I saw that her dad gets it
hop up there buddy come on that time
call and tell the glad news night in
Carson and then we got dudes like Dallas
hijacking my gaming system what are you
up to bro drinking some beer yeah some
Bert
damn dude that's the life right there
that's a life right there they I feel we
rented this movie last night cigar yeah
I think it's pronounced yeah I watched
it while you were asleep
I fell asleep yeah had the headache
thing it was like so we're gonna go
watch that good morning big girl more
than big boy
warned to you be guys it's a very very
frosty morning it's got real cold last
night but it's still 34 degrees out that
means it's not that cold
it's cold but freezing is 32 what do you
see Colin smoke coming on off of my
coffee yeah it kind of look like hot
cocoa steam boy see you later have a
good day
adios cousin Lucky Charms dude good yeah
mm-hmm yes sir marshmallow deliciousness
that's a breakfast of champions right
there I'll tell you what all my coffee
cups are dirty so I've had to resort to
this again and look at you dude look at
those pants though aren't those pants
awesome yes Carson's like the coolest
kid in school wearing those pants it's
true man it's true hurry up and get your
coat on we're gonna get to the bus
there's your bus hey have a good day
Bubba love you I'll see you when you get
home
bye now
look who's up hi cutie are you getting
your balloons hmm
Eliza loves these balloons I don't know
what she's gonna do when they go away Oh
a necklace feeling frisky what topic
though oh I see ya see ya where are you
going oh she's gonna go have tea usually
in the morning I catch up on social
media and stuff and I saw I don't know
if it's if it's recognized and other
places around the world but today is
Groundhog Day and historically speaking
when the groundhog comes out of his hole
today if he sees his shadow that means I
can't remember off the top of my head
right now but I think it's roughly six
more weeks of winter
so he gets scared by a shadow and goes
back into his hole but if he comes out
of his hole and does not see his shadow
then we're looking at an early spring
which is fantastic
shucks Punxsutawney Phil did not see a
shadow today and so we're looking at an
early spring so cheers to that
that's exciting yeah duty calls you guys
so uh yeah
thumbs up today's video for Josh and
Samantha having their new baby boy
unfortunately we didn't get to meet him
in person but we will get to see him
soon enough
hopefully today we're not really sure
but I'm glad that everything went well
the baby's here mom and baby both are
doing good so you gotta be thankful for
that
yeah so I think that's where we're gonna
leave you guys for today Eliza wants to
have some tea with daddy empty yeah she
good so that's what we're gonna leave
you guys for today I want to say thank
you so much for watching and we can't
wait to see all of you right back here
tomorrow
