yeah baby
Oh
beautiful
I got it it's good to think
hey guys welcome to the birthday party
naina gonna we gonna better know dark
hey mama hey what
where's Manor grandfathers James Grammy
what you making hey Nathan your wife I
don't know what I'm making oh man it is
amazing I've got everyone showing up you
guys fun time
there's Samantha hey Samantha hey Silas
nice hat buddy oh you guys should know
look see you man Samantha is severely
pregnant Monday's the day of all the
people who are here right now baby Eliza
it's still in the middle of her nap look
we're filling up let's go get our
birthday girl Liza it's time for your
party big girl what do what do you mean
what's that it's time to party are you
ready are you ready party yeah
for sure oh that's her up there's your
pretty little girl mama what do you
think of Veronica's cake creation Eliza
- look at her open presents Liza
yeah lies are you ready to open presents
you ready Liza you can open some
presents big Daryl she don't know she's
like I want that bottle that's a good
idea
look here Liza watch come here come here
come here lies come here
turn around daddy
no it's hard to one year old big girl
that's your spot big girls you ready
oh my goodness
girl yeah
smack something in my did you get my
back stop you got my back I got your
back does it show them back there is
there anything left
I'm here cleaning this stuff you don't
have to go yet mom here I have to clean
that up
you made a bigger mess than Elijah bin
down down down did you enjoy your cake
big girl look at kid she's strong she's
cake wasted Liza are you how many
fingers am i holding up
how many fingers you don't want to think
about it my Grammy Graham Graham see you
later
everyone like so I said the next nice
weather day it's time to fly and the
party's pretty much over my buddy Bob
wants to see the drone in action so
we're gonna take her out oh no look what
we made there dude
bob was a little late to the party
weren't you Bob this is Laura Lynn you
guys have met her that's Bob's little
baby girl Kate little baby girl and
that's Paxton Scotty's boys plays blames
out here so they got together but this
is a courtroom friends that we always
say my fire I used to spend the night in
stay at Bob's house a lot a lot we did
things together
heeeh used to live in this like log
cabin used to live in this log cabin out
by he had his own like pond it's done
and we were fish we ride ATVs fun
Scott we're just reminiscing about the
old school days yeah we used to have an
apartment together yeah
and we had come far we may have Asian
girls over a week yep used to live
Lindsay do you have a good birthday
party Liza do you have a good party
I'm gonna call it right now she's gonna
have that bottle I want to take a little
nap yep
which means it's perfect time I'll be
back all right so check this out we
found this awesome little pond here
right this is out by Bob's house right
we're gonna fly the drone and catch some
cool sunset frozen Lake footage yeah we
we've filmed for me
I bet it is I bet it's easier your your
eyes playing tricks with you because the
ground slips it's just the ground
trust me did that flight went really
well except for the initial battery I
had inside the drone it was reading at
38% but as soon as I took it off and I
went straight over the water again it
said critical voltage and it started to
land so like I'm hoping my battery's not
corrupt DJI if it is hook me up that's
the battery that was that came that
particular one is the one that came with
the drone I can't believe it's like bad
already
I'll give it another full cycle to see
if it's if it's just not charged and
reading right but I don't know maybe
there's a way to reset it it sucks it's
a pricey battery look at this you guys
check out them awesome photos you see
that you see that I took those photos
the bomb man is wedding Oh know if you
can see that very much look at me man
old girl on the camera where's the other
one oh that one yeah yeah that was a
good one I did a good job on those yeah
I'm glad you like them they look good
too that one looks really good blown up
heading back to the house now because
sunny attached
and while we ran in a daylight it was
fun fun I'm really baffled by that
battery as it bugs me it bugs me about
the battery want to figure it out so I'm
putting a text into Eddie so he can help
me figure it out
Eddie knows everything when it comes to
drones Scotty do you know what happened
do I know what happened might be a bad
cell and the battery you know and it's
just not hold the charge that could be a
I don't know that could be it no no no
cars that's what happens those bad cell
the bad cell man it is right around
dinnertime we've ordered pizza me and my
boys me and my boys need batteries wait
that means father we're gonna go pick up
the pizza you want me to drive yeah I'm
driving I'm too well off to rob anyone
hey where's that 20 bro in my pocket
right he's like he's like damn you got a
drive-through window like a dude this is
piece of cotton oh yeah we roll down
that's hilarious dude you didn't record
my card number digit ah might have
people behind us a bright light oh is
this boom that's what's left of our
pizza did you finish all yours Oh
Scottie Scott Oz BLT wait wait listen
I'm gonna tell you score right now let
me hear it you hear me let me hear it
one day
was it Bob and Amanda borrowed this
bassinet from us and they came tonight
and brought it back we're just gonna get
it yeah
Chad son is taking time I know right
that's the thing about like baby stuff
baby clothes when everyone's having
babies you just kind of help each other
out and cycle it I mean there's nothing
wrong with this yeah it's like noon
practically hold your cup out their
lives off oh is that good
why's the daddy one city - she's like
before they woke up
oh look why is the daddy's got one FC
with daddy
Scott I'll miss you I miss you bud
I miss you Lindsey thank you where's
your sleeping child on we partied hard
over here look at this let me see that
hair yeah oh yeah
only but time the boys are going good
good night you can tell them good night
he's out you know I've seriously
contemplated doing like what's the best
coffee video because I'm so into coffee
getting a bunch of different coffees and
brewing a few pot or like one pot each
and show you guys what the best coffee
would be anyways good morning I kind of
passed out last night but uh it's cool
man
dad's crash - this is my squad this is
my squad Ford it for the halo livestream
this morning
tinny amp came early my KD is not not so
hot at 10 o'clock in the morning but uh
yeah this is where this is how we're
gonna end the vlog for today I can see
Dallas I can see Davin dude what are you
doing
we're Davin does his dad yes that's a
dad Allah is a totally dab yesterday
while she was eating cake tell me
scheanette alright then so yeah that's
we're gonna leave you guys for today
everyone in the chat wants to get their
shoutouts thank you guys for waking up
with us enjoying some coffee which any
refill the deal was the contest was the
most engaged viewer would take home the
polaroid cube camera and it turns out
that like I showed you last week always
in Davis here I'll refresh it just so
you guys can see but I've already phoned
that no look poison Davis is the number
one most engaged viewer on the channel
so uh Congrats always and Davis you
worked hard I know a lot of you guys put
in some effort to try and take it take
over his spot and I saw a couple of you
guys move up a few ranks but uh yeah
wasn't Davis Congrats dude I will
message you on here and we'll get that
information squared away so you can get
this camera so yeah that's where we're
gonna leave you guys for today thank you
guys so much for watching and we can't
wait to see you guys right back here
