what is happening guys welcome to our
day we're just kind of hanging out and
join the Sun look at my hair it's super
hot out today we have woke up we had a
beautiful breakfast came outside I mowed
the grass
I got grass all over the place got in
the pool for a while
Elijah's taking a nap and just kind of
enjoying this man we've realized this
morning the kids that go back to school
in a month you don't want to go back to
school you wanted to stay home and have
fun with Daddy forever and ever and I'll
teach you everything I know
mm-hmm okay we've been just kind of
hanging out enjoying the day getting
some stuff done and then having a little
play I want to show you guys what I did
yesterday that I kind of yeah just this
was yesterday so guys what is happening
today I got kind of a special treat if
it works out we have time for it I was
given the privilege and a really unique
opportunity to come up here all access
to a place called legend valley and to
huge like a huge concert venue it would
almost remind you of like Woodstock or
something like this big huge outdoor
amphitheater it's crazy and we've been
given sort of an all-access pass to come
in here tonight and film for a Led
Zeppelin cover band probably one of the
best Led Zeppelin cover bands you'll
ever get to see so we're going to go
back here now a little early we're
showing up kind of get a feel for where
everything is where our access passes
will get us into and yeah it's going to
be cool look at that okay so we're
getting that VIP tour here with the
Bobby before Bobby put for the zombie
video which I know hasn't come up yet
but we're getting shown around all the
backstage areas and everything it seems
showing us where we can and can't go is
this going to be a big show you think er
now links out okay but in the future all
30,000 people dirty spell captain che be
created that's now that that's a lot of
people believe it or not thirty thousand
people out here in person it's huge
and so yeah this is this is the
amphitheater the stage hopefully we'll
get some good stuff
is it oh pretty big but that that's
great what an awesome
what an awesome opportunity here this
this right here will help expand my
professional portfolio so to speak
pretty much all upcoming shows that
happen here I should be able to get in
here and make some cool videos so look
forward to that and be supercool
I don't know exactly what's on the
agenda for today this will be a small
show up here
be nice kind of like introduction so
maybe we can come up maybe we can do
something else I don't know well okay
so clearly I didn't go up in film the
concert because well if you saw Romans
latest upload we we went over there and
by golly I played a cowboy and I was
bred from grass seed but oh yeah future
contacts in an opportunity to film some
really cool stuff and obviously I'll be
bringing you guys along for that it's
going to be really really fun however we
still had a beat situation talked to a
guy who knows all about bees and stuff
and he gave us a solution
they're psyched on high thanks our
beekeeper friend said clearly they're
Yellowjackets they're not honey bees and
so what we have to do to get rid of this
hive that burrowed into our awning it's
a big deal
he said Yellowjackets are meat eaters so
what we have to do is we're going to
take a few pieces of lunch meat right
and then we're going to sprinkle it with
some 75 and that will get rid of the
whole hive and we can't see any progress
like we can't too dangerous to get in
there and take the siding off to see how
you know like the extent of this hive
we have to wait at least a week and it's
killing me because I want to power wash
the house so bad so so here's my plan
take a container and we're going to put
a bunch of this lunch meat down inside
here right and all the bees are going to
be like oh dang it's dinner table
sprinkle some of this powder
well this meat then I'm going to put it
inside this hanging planter
just like that because from what I've
been told this powder is highly
dangerous and toxic to like your pet so
the cashew dog can have any part of it
and I want to make sure that they have
no chance of getting ahold of that meat
we're going to take this planter I'm
going to hang it right up here just
below the high and they should be able
to smell it it's going to be game over
none of them is taking the bait yet but
just watch for a second how many bees
come in and out of that hole in just a
short period of time this is like I've
been standing here washing them there's
so many that go in and out I mean not
only does it freak me out but it scares
me with the kids being out here playing
and stuff like that Carson got stung the
other day in the garage by yellowjacket
right on the back of the neck and I've
never heard anyone scream louder than he
screamed that day it was it was pretty
terrifying for him so I want to make
sure that we get this taken care of the
trap is set say I did not eat any bees
fly in there though well lunch meat work
or do we mean like a big fat juicy thank
you I don't think we should waste a big
fat juicy steak um to me I think it wore
fake yeah Liza are to be going to go in
there or they cannot go in there
no she said no what are we gonna do
why don't we just borrow uncle Romans
flamethrower what that's a great idea we
could get the bees
what do you mean on fire I will hold it
there for that long
we'll just have to wait and see what
happens I guess I don't know I will say
that I am NOT on any of that siding off
until I see a positive confirmation of
their dead be finished
what do you say we order a nice pizza
you have like movie night
yeah because the movies bunch of the
movies are we laughing all right peeps
it is we're going to get the beat that
they're putting in my new car stream at
the post new not the same one and they
look up does the papers back there yeah
I'll say I'll say what they knew about
it when we call appearing in people
hey your party over there dude let's go
you want to get no but seriously this
right here this was the new about this
car this is actually a dealer car so for
our new Camry it's an optional have a
backup camera ours didn't have a backup
camera but they told us that they would
put one in for us which is cool and so
this is what we're our cars at the
dealership getting little done and
there's actually a desk on the front
fender that was there and they're going
to pull that out soon
yeah so they're put in a backup camera
yeah I got a 2016 Toyota Camry to drive
until Wednesday
good one brother I'm kidding we would
never do that
was it not me
that's an angry Veronica right there hey
they gave us Italian instead of ranch
and that's a big deal yeah it wouldn't
be a big deal we have reappeared
substitute but we don't Happy Hanukkah
I saved the day you can actually eat our
salad I mean I would have eaten it with
Italian fella yeah yeah first movie for
tonight boss baby
everyone seems quiet dressed what's up
and moving number two the song rise dawn
war dawn of the Planet of the Apes man
Caesars the baddest primate there ever
was newest one rise or War of the Planet
of the Apes
it's coming soon I can't wait to see
that one too you can actually buy it now
but free order you can pre-order yeah
say time to go bed bubby
yeah puppy - I'll get all these kids a
bed okay so so good yeah we gotta get
kids to bed and I kinda want to get to
bed too so I can wake up early and I
want to finish this shot because look
I've got everything painted right I got
everything painted the inside the matte
black all spray paint the outside is a
textured black this is called like
hammered or something but my goal is I
want to take this is some of the same
carpet that's in the office already I
want to take this carpet trim it to fit
this to the edge of the shelf so the
shelves are going to actually have that
carpet the whole reason for this shelf
is like a charging station gear storage
stuff like that some of the stuff you
don't want like I wouldn't want to on a
directly hard metal painted surface so
we're going to try and protect it with
this carpet trim it to fit right to the
edge and then put the like some l-shaped
trim there just to finish it off so it
looks nice and black on the edge and
also I'd like to finish off like the the
inside part with some RGB LED light
strip that would be really really cool
just imagine pull cabinets just glowing
and you see all the gear inside there
and oh you got all your charge batteries
aren't there going to be sick it's going
to be super cool I'll keep you guys
posted on that let you know how the
progress is I'll also keep you posted on
the bead situation very serious I'm
freaked out by like I hate bees hate
them and that my friends where we're
going to leave for today I want to say
thank you so much for always showing
that alum support if you made it to the
end of video make sure you hit that
thumbs up button and as always we will
see all of you right back here next time
