what's up guys would you have a look at
what Broncs been up to look you remember
there used to be a ton of Legos up there
not a single Lego
what about that shelf it's it's looking
pretty organized running and now you're
taking a break honey you're doing so
good
look she's this sure
oh man who did that uh-huh I guess I was
mistaken I'm so glad to get my garage
cleaned out with this recycling there's
a ton of it this time
I wonder what it would take to actually
get like bins or a recycling service to
come to our area like residentially I I
said it before there's like a couple of
places where I lived before that do that
but I don't know why our community
doesn't instead I take it upon myself to
drive like the county and a half away to
take the recycling I feel good about it
it's like I'm doing my part you know
what you guys know about White Castle I
thought both stop
okay where you I came here to Staples
because I need some more hanging folders
for my files since this tax season I'm
trying to get a little bit more
organized especially since things will
be a lot different this year I need to
keep track of a lot of different things
but I only see these regular folders he
wears the full word now that's the one
that's the one assorted colors perfect
okay so we got some copy paper and some
hanging folders I know boring right
usually when I go out and buy stuff it's
gonna be like cool stuff electronics and
cool stuff but nope
it's the time of year to be completely
buried in paperwork and text taxes it's
tax season if you don't know what that
means typically if you work like a
regular job at like a retail store or a
restaurant you'll get a w-4 - you'll get
a w-2 back and it's real easy but if
you're self-employed and you get paid
from various people they tend 99-year
which means they pay you a lump sum of
money that is taxed it hasn't you
haven't paid taxes on so at the end of
the year you have to compile all your
1099 and then based on I don't know what
exactly you have to pay taxes on on the
income that you brought in and there's
so much more to it than that but
hopefully as a business owner you can
write off some of your expenses and show
profit and loss and that takes away some
of your tax liability
but I'm sure this is the most boring
conversation that you'll ever hear me
have with you what do you want what do
you want echo what give me kiss give me
kids that go echo give me kiss
so Bronk is getting ready to go to
parent-teacher conferences and the store
whose parent-teacher conference Carson
yeah is it because he got in trouble is
because he didn't take his yellow bricks
back I doubt it I doubt it - love you I
have just sat down and I realized that
it's it's coming near February and I
have to register my drone and it says
here that I'm on the FAA age website
right and it says that you have to
register by paper yeah your aircraft is
being used for commercial purposes or
other than hobby and Recreation which
mine
technically will be used for commercial
purposes I think I have to register by
paper brah Veronica just got home I can
hear bringing in groceries and I haven't
picked up the camera since she left I
was on a Skype call with Eddie Eddie in
his bud cab out now Leigh they shot a
video freaking hilarious little video
about spying drones I can't wait till
you guys see that's it I I don't know
for some reason it's it's hilarious to
me I hope you guys would find it funny -
what where'd she go what's scare
scammers
ha ha ha oh man she turned the tables
real quick your top student oh nice and
that's it I already knew that Hungary
was here but he left Dallas I just
smashed the cat's ball dude you're gonna
have to get out get out Dallas you need
to get out get out of my house
you don't just come in here and break
stuff dude slam the door fine hey big
girl what do you do oh wait wait wait
wait wait careful now let me get her let
me get oh look she doesn't like that
what you did what is that what is that
what is that baby is it baby oh my
goodness she just said baby
it looked like the word is it maybe
let's see that's baby baby she drink
water know that water over there yes
you don't Dale I just want you guys to
know that was not delivery its DiGiorno
did you know it was de jour 'no you
thought it was delivery didn't you
thought I'd tip the guy that came to the
front door okay see exactly
she wakes up tomorrow morning should be
here what are you guys doing up in the
multimedia room this is my bedroom
no what are you watching are you
seriously watching Elf on the Shelf
videos look at all this look at the
stuff on the shelf
already you like it I did it for you
without having mommy telling me what to
do at all all the Legos up there that's
a lot of freaking good night brother I
love you nice and easy
I'm pretty pumped I pass out check out
this new wormhole thing watch I'm gonna
crawl through here hey birthday girl hey
birthday girl happy birthday little mess
Oh birthday bless you Oh little Liza
good morning guys
it's little lexis first birthday David
starts the day with the major fail dude
here he reaches in the coffee to grab
the hazelnut creamer the ageism the
coffee in the coffee yeah in the
frigerator grabs a hazelnut creamer by
the cap it freakin explodes everywhere
down don't tell her I don't tell Barone
yeah look I'm gonna step on that it's
gonna be a sticky mess you better get
some hot so piss bra
tell him Liza tell him it's my birthday
and you gonna clean that up
ha ha this is our morning look device
device games coffee baby Eliza's just
went down for a little nappy it's her
birthday we gotta do something fun
however have a vlog to edit so I'm gonna
take my coffee upstairs and finish the
little project I'm working on for a
buddy of mine oh my goodness you up here
I just thought I just want a sequel you
found a seeker
thank you well that's pretty cool in
pecan is no way
I gotta keep I had a tank and I just
went straight through and then name and
then the EMP can we just like do - no
way
well I'm glad you're having fun up here
I am going to we've got to finish the
normal daily routine stuff we gotta edit
the vlog and yeah showering it ready and
stuffing I'm gonna try and do something
fun for baby Liza's birthday so that
being said you guys that's where we're
gonna leave you for today I want to
thank you guys so much for watching and
we've already gotten so many happy
birthdays on Twitter and in the comments
of the vlogs for baby's first birthday
yeah alright guys so that's where we're
gonna leave you for today thank you so
much for watching we can't wait to see
you all right back here for Eliza's
birthday tomorrow
