what's up guys how's everyone doing
today okay feeling well are you doing
honey I will I promise I will I promise
I will I'll take it down there right now
Veronica you guys isn't right you stay
back
she is on a mission to get this house
all in order
you're gonna help Colin you better help
her I'm gonna whoop you with this
that's true now tell me that doesn't
look way better than a pile of that like
I think that's awesome I don't know how
we'll do it like we get one of those
label makers to label the actual tote
surge like put a tag on the actual shelf
maybe both odd or not but clearly I need
to get a few more and unfortunately well
I mean maybe it'll work out we got this
extra space cuz another one won't fit
there it doesn't fit behind these cross
members just right but uh yeah I'm proud
I'm proud of that like some organization
I do have a live stream starting soon
actually so I can't really tackle this
yet but before Eliza's party this
weekend I got a buddy of mine coming
over he does like containers it's like
those construction containers and we're
gonna go through all these boxes but we
want to keep in those bins and
everything else
is getting hauled out of here yeah I've
come down to look at this specific model
workout machine because I need to get
the only reason I haven't used this yet
is because this cable that comes from
the top is missing and I don't I need to
get a new one so I can use it so I'll
get a little rack for my weights and
I've got that get some Fitness up in
here look at all these Lego toys
goodness we need to get some storage
solutions for you guys's room heck we're
gonna need to build them a bigger room
we don't have any trees good we don't
have any trees all right it's time for
me to go upstairs for the live stream
you guys help mommy with her cleanup
okay I just had to run down to mama I
will after honey but I got a schedule to
keep
yeah I had to run down to Mama's because
mom oh she's she said her hands got all
like clenched up and her feet so she
couldn't like walk or anything she was
very very nervous I says you need to
make a doctor's appointment Veronica
says you need to drink water poor thing
so I took her some Gatorade to get her
hydrated yeah
walk to mommy come on come on I got her
these new shoes and she doesn't know
really how to act in them come on walk
to mommy come on baby oh she's like no
I'm gonna crawl can you sit good girl
high-five yeah shake good girl
high-five yeah good girl like Jason
observes livestreaming
and like he said I've been cleaning
trying to get ready for this party and
just eliminate the clutter and junk that
builds up in your house but we are
coming up on the realizes very first
birthday and as I'm going through stuff
cleaning I find these pictures of her
when she was just a newborn I think she
was one or two days old in this I'm
gonna get some pictures printed and put
them in frames like around the house for
the party I think that'd be cool
oh and look at this these pictures here
yeah I mean look at this picture here
who does that look like I'd say it looks
like Eliza but it's totally calling I
came out in the bathroom one day and I
just look glanced at it I was like that
looks so much like Eliza but it's
calling I can't believe how much she
looks like come on come on baby huh well
you got you got mommy's boots you got
mommy's boots mommy got new boots I did
end up ordering a pair for some of you
followers you knew that I looked at
boots a while back in Coles but I didn't
end up getting them well I did end up
ordering when I go home and I love them
hey yeah it's dinner time we are having
a very delicious it's simple it's
Hamburger Helper Colin do you really
Colin's putting the weirdest thing on
his green beans there's good a one sauce
on green beans oh look look at your feet
Liza
look at that Eliza's contracted a very
rare and serious footsies called super
super metatarsal coloration ie itis yeah
look at that man that's serious Eliza
don't worry daddy's gonna take care of
you okay no no you know one day I take
care of you are you sure she's gonna do
it
loving the attention for the camera set
you up with a nice refreshing bath you
want bath ready
oh we need a food a QA ssin
we need a through vacua ssin they're
filling that overnight
ready
they were they ready with that
okay okay guys okay oh look at that
little cutie you're so clean Liza yeah
she loves better I wish I could show you
guys more bath time but I don't think
that kind of stuff belongs on the
Internet I gave her some squirting toys
and she loves them oh boy
here honey hold that for me
hold it no I can't she's naked
we got a naked baby thank you I'm
sitting there folding socks this has
just a huge basket full of unmated socks
well I'm meeting them one through and
maintain all other side all mine yes
it's Dallas come and hang out with us
tonight he's actually gonna stay in the
night it appears that he's been having
some relationship issues lately I feel
like we can send straight you know
straight hmm so Dallas come on tell
everyone what's up what's up know me
what's going on what's the deal have to
be up everyone's gonna want to know
what's up
let's with that okay what's up with the
LM what's up do you want me to tell him
I'm fresh in the market mmm yeah that's
what I'm talking about
in Dallas Dallas is now accepting
applications for Bay shake good echo sit
high five good girl good girl I've been
practicing with echo to trying to teach
her shake and high-five she knows it
it's just she has to be in the mood sit
high five
good girl good girl
you did well beautiful
oh yeah
mmm-hmm morning guys
I seem to have fall asleep on the couch
last night watching GI Joe that's why I
fell asleep boy check this out that is a
pretty sunrise it wasn't much redder
more red it was more red a little bit
yeah good morning comment who's your
lucky charms let's talk about that
coffee situation I got my coffee however
I don't have any more of my creamer and
like as I've developed a serious taste
for the hazelnut creamer
that's all I put in my coffee it's
hazelnut creamer but today I had to put
in milk and sugar and it's just not the
same
there she is all right buddy have a good
day
it's the last day love you that's right
I forgot to mention today is their last
day of school for the week because
tomorrow's some kind of professional day
or something but they don't have school
tomorrow
oh snap there's your bus dude hey have a
good last day of the week I'll see you
right back here when you get home here
I'll take it I'll take it I'll take it
your bus is out there but you gotta go
oh my gosh have a good day love you
Warren Adelle wake up smiley face you
know I remember it was like 4:30 in the
morning it was before that I think I
woke up and like saw Dallas playing
video games and I was like but 4:30 in
the morning I was when I actually peeled
myself off that couch and went up to bed
Veronica's aren't there I was tired man
what do you want
Oh Liza I'm getting pretty excited
tomorrow's her birthday she's gonna be
officially a whole year old I'm happy
about that and also very sad at the same
time
that's that man Dallas good job I'm
working out today we do it right here
you should be here every day we're gonna
come and work out all right
well four of seven days a week actually
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
Saturday Sunday off I got a good plan
given to me by a pretty smart dude who
knows his deal with us when it comes to
weightlifting so let's do it yeah yeah
they're gonna make sure you do this are
you going down I'm excited I feel bad
that I kind of fell off on weightlifting
and stuff but I feel like having it down
here would be a lot easier wake up put
the kids on the bus come down here and
do my thing and then baby Eliza can get
out of bed but she can't get out of bed
till I do my workout Brown wants me to
hang shelves these two shelves up here
that she got from her
auntie for the boys room where we gonna
put them up there it's the only viable
spot up there here where underneath the
board yeah it needs to be up to where
the boys can still reach them but like
little kids can't oh my gosh figure out
where it needs to go but for those of
you with OCD you're gonna hate me for
this
okay alright because of where this the
holes are in the shelf already I didn't
want to drill more holes in the shelf
making it look like Swiss cheese just
basically had to line the holes up at
the wall so that means that the edge of
the shelf is not centered with the board
there but I have a reason for that the
board isn't gonna stay up there for long
anyways so that's where that's gonna be
gonna be right there
done Don see that one right there
we broke protocol a little bit and went
brown because against Veronica's wishes
she wanted it on that wall but it just
wouldn't fit so we had put it on that
wall and just don't tell Veronica
she'll beat me I don't want to be beat
today whoa all right guys we're gonna
end it today with a protein shake felt
good to lift some weights again get back
on the fitness we have a lot of work
left to do to get ready for a licensed
birthday party and one of those things
even though Veronica says it needs to
wait is the basement
what hi all right guys that's we're
gonna leave you for today
thank you so much for watching we can't
wait to see you all right back here
