what's up guys how's everyone doing
today thank you for joining us today's
adventure starts with an idea mine had
an idea this morning so I'm going to
check something out I'll show you so
I've gotta be honest with you guys I
haven't been working out as much as I
was before and I feel like it's because
if I had stuff at home and didn't have
to drive anywhere it would be a lot
easier especially having Eliza so I came
here to Dix to see if I could find you
know some weights to use at home
okay so they've got a little bit of
weights and I feel like I definitely
definitely don't mind going to the gym
but I find like with my schedule and
Veronica and the baby it's hard to
actually go there sometimes so most of
my workouts typically consist of like
bench military I don't have an incline
bench or dumbbells
I don't really mess with anything else
the cables I cable crossovers but I do
have that Bowflex in the basement which
I can find the lower cable part for
online so I can quit wasting money by
not going to the gym not go to the gym
and still work out that's my plan
so for Annika just texted me when I got
in here and said we don't have any water
that could be a big problem
how's school dude you're in Jesus look
do you see these weights I got you can
start coming down the basement with me
and workout pick up this one pick up a
10-pounder that's like two of those yeah
Carson oh yeah dude how's that feel the
big ones is 25 pounders says that one
yep
yeah I figured I got the range that I
got two five to ten to twenty fives from
25 pound dumbbells that's typically what
I use four repetitions currently but you
know I figured I got to do this I can't
not do it
got to and you're with me right
are you with me come on look us look us
in the eye and say I'm with you you're
with me - okay update on our water
situation
Jim the guy who used to own this house I
called him and said hey what's the view
is like where do I look for the pump ah
careful no check the breakers and
they're good unfortunately he is in
Florida so you can't really come help me
but he's got someone coming to take a
look at it he's gonna help me out which
is fantastic but unfortunately the guy
can't be here till tomorrow morning so
we kinda are no water it's a no water
household and Veronica hasn't taken a
shower
oh he's thinking yeah we're gonna head
to Scott and Lindsay's Veronica's gonna
take a shower over there and we're gonna
have dinner and hang out
mm-hmm Taco Tuesday at the Scottie house
and Lindsey I'm sorry Lindsey I don't
mean to leave you out here look at that
we got green onion cheese tomatoes more
cheese good Veronica show you the
Tabasco sauce Scott look you gotta try
that it's like taco bell sauce but bag
off yeah yeah you should try I just got
one it's a chicken burrito not beef
chicken burrito with that Paul I thought
did you taste the sauce
yeah Oh tell me when you do I want to
know it's my new favorite so we've had
dinner and the boys roasters being super
super rowdy instead of going up there
and telling him to knock it off I was
like Scott go get a scary mask
I guess that's scary enough they don't
know what is yeah it's got to be you
though thank you here hold up I'm gonna
go up there and act like I'm gonna start
playing with them on stuff I'm just
gonna set the camera down and you just
come in sneak in and bra okay do it in
the doorway that's where I'm gonna point
Hamlet a book as you're walking up okay
okay
what's that boat what'd you do with that
is that yours all right kids now you
listen you play nice okay play nicer the
goblins gonna get you you a scarier one
day one that gets them all one that's
like oh my gosh
right hey Lindsey oh yeah
oh that doggie do with Liza what that
doggie doing doggie 'he's gonna get you
he's gonna get you
Oh Scott and that's for you I can't do
nothing with this girl she's very tired
here's the thing that like with our
water situation at home I'm really
afraid that in the middle the night I'm
gonna have to number two and like where
do you go in the middle of night when
you don't have water and everyone else
is asleep what do you do okay
oh my okay
well if I find one I know who did it
Scott see you later
it was my pleasure love you I love you
sweetheart
well I'm not I love you though glad that
you know that okay would you know that I
think we're on the same page Lindsey
suck it I mean we've known each other
for a long
she gets mad when you're mean to me I
used to live with her yeah yeah yeah I
did you look like a year they live with
me for like a year
yeah but I've seen Lindsay at all kinds
of crazy well it's definitely bedtime
one she tell everyone good night boys
what's that Carson hmm
breakfast newt remember we have I do hey
good morning guys we survived the night
I didn't have a emergency and you know
what's really weird having to wash out a
coffeepot just by pouring some water out
of a jug is extremely difficult in the
mornings is usually you know when I do
today bang but the guys not gonna be
here till 10:00 so it's not working no
sir I tried to flush it and it won't
work it's like all right Carson I love
you have a good day I'll see you after
school
oh he's off to the bus he's off to the
bus I'm gonna go hit the the gas station
nothing like going to a public restroom
very first thing morning
this sucks all right you guys
something's happened yeah exciting on
Liza you never know how important
something like having water is until you
don't have it yeah I just actually spent
a fair mark part of the morning with a
guy whose name happens to be dentist who
helped us figure out the well he said he
can't come up with any conclusion as to
why that happened other than we went
down in the basement took a look at my
pressure tank and he said my pressure
tanks bad our first tanks bed yeah
so inside pressure tank there's a
diaphragm like a rubber diaphragm the
tank will fill up with water and the
diaphragm will expand keeping a constant
pressure so basically what's happened
inside that tank is that that rubber
membrane is ruptured and the entire tank
instead of being partially air partially
water the entire tank is full of water
we have well that's shared between our
house and the neighbor's house over
there the duplex
it's okay Liza don't be mad oh you're so
mad over there yes so we share that well
and the pump since uh I don't think it's
supposed to be like that what it is
what's the matter you wanna do you want
to say hi to everyone what is it what's
wrong what the matter was that you guys
are killing it on the polaroid cube
giveaway by the way I've seen a lot of
more a lot more likes and shares and
stuff so I hope you guys are having fun
with that the engagement is definitely
going up
so awesome awesome good job Oh before I
forget I wanted to tell you guys that it
is Wednesday and that means that we
stream tonight live on Twitch tonight
we'll be playing call of duty black ops
3 possibly someone b1 matches
yeah but the URL to get there is twitch
TV for secular gaming the link is also
in the description and that is where we
will leave you guys for today thank you
so much for watching and I can't wait to
see each and every one of you right back
here
