so guys welcome to Columbus hope
everyone's feeling great today quite
chilly Monday morning well it's supposed
to be up to 42 degrees today which is
great so if you guys are ready to see
Dennis I am we're gonna shoot some
photos and had a little fun up here
today gas premium always on the right I
set the shoot photos today with some
props props props on props great he
texts me this movie thing
yo you bring that I'll bring this you
got that I'll get this we're gonna cool
cool cool and then I get here and
realize there's stuff I needs in the
Jeep yeah yes that's what happens when
you have three kids and a wife so we're
gonna go get these spiders spiders we're
going to get the spiders and then we're
gonna shoot some cool photos of yep some
I'm gonna be a model prank model today
yeah
I'm gonna practice my pose like
Zoolander huh well we do anything we
gotta get some food see that on the
grill right there
that one right there that's my Reuben
mmm love a Reuben Sam
oh my god that is going down current
situation Reuben
where do you go compass ooh is that
comfortable that place good it's a good
doesn't proper Reuben sandwich lunch
started his truck I want I kind of want
one of those even though my garage is
attached to my house
dude this is this is memory lane that
right there is my memory lane bro
remember when all this used to be all
closed off flying let's see the balloon
prank up here how about in front of the
Western arts the guy could be sitting on
that thing
uh-huh what do you think
up walk down so we did the blind prank
that Jeff walked into the lake over
there remember yep that's gonna say can
you guys tell where we are right now the
flake it's been in a couple of videos
well that's not solid bro no I know
that's pretty hard but take that foot up
oh my gosh I dare you to run across it
I dare you wait is there truth to that
story there's something down there so
usually every year around winter time a
group of kids or whoever is willing
enough to do it they do like a Polar
Plunge here so they'll like line up
against the thing and dive in it's cold
man it's frozen but I guess someone died
so now they don't do it anymore
it's pretty extreme dad I mean
surrounded by people and I think when
they jumped in or something happening
they broke his neck well I'm sure it's
not very deep at all
somehow someone got really severely
could agree hurt yeah they probably got
Aflac to death oh it's freaking
Beethoven the duck duck someone teased
out of hair or what you guys remember
this classic all right Spyder prank
little dangly spider prank where we just
were in the in the Union I don't think I
found anything there but the Union is
where all that happened remember the
video or Dennis drops spider on the guy
and it gets all bent out of shape and
tracks it down trying to say delete it
that's this bit it's
yes so we found the perfect spot my idea
for the photo here in my head I was like
I want to see Dennis dangling the spider
over somebody sitting on a bench up
against a red brick wall and it can be
more perfect
okay this later we found the perfect
spot boom so all the action happens
there and then the words are up on the
wall it's gonna look pretty good I think
kasi yeah thank you for posing for the
photo you did fantastic by the way it
turned out yes so we posted up at that
that bench back there for a minute wait
and waited for that girl was just the
first one we found that would play along
and take the photo for us thank God
because it's freezing out but Dennis
what are you what are you gonna do with
this photo aren't you tell everyone
where you're up to gilroys building the
prank kits calm we're revamping
everything young the spiders in for your
spider pranks on your friends and family
yeah and some cool photo shoot here Ohio
State yeah we should try and like pull
one off yeah let's go will do for fun
see he's like alright we did one I gotta
go I can't be in here on this particular
intersection though I feel like we're
always cheers on yeah yeah I guarantee
one of those people back then is still
in my house they probably are broke
remember when the dudes got in trouble
on that house right there yeah do you
remember back there
yeah the chainsaw yeah that's where the
car was yeah yeah I was on the roof back
there I just experienced the weirdest
possible thing my phone would not
connect to any network like my sprint
are you spraying and it just kept saying
searching searching any of you out there
who have your sprint phones they get
locked up and searching and stuff you
just power it off and power it back on
but there's a code you put in pound
pound
eight seven three two eight three pound
and then send it and that's supposed to
do some like network carrier update only
for Sprint though roadie I'm out of here
see you I got a I picked the worst
absolute worst time to drive home it's
five o'clock on the dock downtown we're
gonna have you of the city
I love it so a rush hour drive home that
took forever brought me home to this
little baby meet sweetheart
mom you want more and this little
sweetheart hi little sweetheart if you
recall when we went to the train show
the boys got a book that is filled with
it's called 100 paper dragons to fold
and fly so there's like all these pages
are just foldable airplane designs tops
of them as to why there's the needle
nose the race wing the sky skimmer and
the wind rider and it tells you how to
fold them in there that's expert paper
airplane making techniques right there
which one flies the best well what you
got
did I mention that a certain somebody
almost one year ago that's you it's her
birthday at Friday right Liza's
birthdays on Friday
are you excited you can be a whole year
old Liza you want the trash don't get
the trash trash is not for girls here's
Billy oh don't get the trash no look PJ
showed up yeah
PJ's here with Paxton the boys are doing
their thing look at the status of our
living room the kids were playing for
sure super hard
Paxton are you leaving whoa
tell you did tell me by Oh some heat on
them just a fist bump
oh that's a new one
PJ's uh applying for a job so everyone
getting some good positive vibes wish
him luck
yeah good lucky oh my goodness night
Collin night Carson love you buds that's
Mickey yep
good morning Holly hurry up
it's weird I woke up this morning
thinking it was like Wednesday or
Thursday my head went into a time warp
overnight
I know it's Tuesday yeah I wanted to be
Friday to have some fun
a lot of spirt days on Friday so a
special week
it's babe realizes first birth well we
are of course we gotta get our baby girl
a little present
get your hood we gotta roll out look at
this
I can't believe it but the temperature
currently 46 degrees Fahrenheit bro you
guys confused about our temperature
readings we used Fahrenheit it's I mean
I'm not complaining but all the snow
that we once had is gone last night rain
and now it's barely warm there's no snow
anymore no that's over two nothing is
wasted
wankers Ohio like you get comfortable I
feel I feel like all you guys in the
East Coast you got hit with that
Blizzard you're still probably dealing
with that we don't have anything left
bye honey oh good day happy Tuesday
love you long time hey Carson what's
over there have a good day son love you
long time
bye-bye what are you doing Liza she has
this thing about putting shirts on her
head ah oh really oh really oh before we
end today's video I wanted to I was I
meant to do the polaroid cube giveaway
last week but I didn't so let me show
you how that's gonna work okay so this
is what we're gonna be given away the
polaroid cube if you missed it I did a
dedicated review for that specific
camera on my other channel i'll link it
above its a cool camera i mean it's an
action camera it's got a magnetic bottom
it's cool okay it's cool the way to win
this camera is very simple and i want to
use this method before it completely
goes away so in my youtube back office
we have this fan section and this fan
section shows us like the most i can
sort it by a bunch of different ways
engagement subscribers and how long
you've been subscribed oldest or newest
so basically i want to take the
engagement and really turn it up right
the way that we're gonna choose the
winner is the number one most engaged
viewer so we're gonna run this contest
for a week well I'll run it till Sunday
and then Sunday morning during my live
stream on Twitch we will announce the
winner then
engage person I'll also follow it up on
the vlog but I think it would be cooler
if you guys joined us for the twitch
livestream and then we could do it live
I think that would be much more exciting
so from now until Sunday morning 10:00
a.m. Eastern like the videos you you're
already subscribed and shares so the
biggest parts are likes and shares
so all you have to do is from now until
Sunday go watch a bunch of old vlogs hit
the thumbs up button share them on any
social media and then that will help
bump you up to the top of the engagement
list and then Sunday morning at 10:00
a.m. we'll do the giveaway for the poor
and cube live on my twitch livestream
which if you haven't been there it's
twitch.tv Ford / Gilroy gaming and I'll
put a link there's a link down the
description for that too right iliza
yeah who is it who's it gonna be alright
guys so yeah we're gonna leave you with
that I want to spend some time with
Eliza before I gotta get to work and
we've got a lot of work to do getting
ready for this birthday party so thank
you guys so much for watching we can't
wait to see all of you right back here
tomorrow
