hey guys how's your day today hope
everyone's doing fantastic I was about
to say something different but I stopped
myself I wanted to go to Lowe's first
because here's why and I'm so
embarrassed in my basement but I feel
like other people's basements look the
same way you see all these boxes and all
this stuff this stuff has been here
since we moved in like five six years
ago I want to take this whole well maybe
half of it half of this back wall and
make a shelving unit that fits these
Tupperware bins right so I'm gonna
measure out the height of the Tupperware
bends and make it each section fit like
I don't know maybe two or so we've got
two Tupperware bands per section times
five sections by three five ten by three
ten twenty thirty that's thirty
Tupperware bins that we could use to
maximize the storage in our basement and
I'm telling you a lot of this stuff is
probably just you know junk we don't
need it anymore
the cluttered look there's my studio
right my one area in the basement that I
actually function and work with and I
have to look at this just got off the
phone with my dad and look I took this
idea I was like hey I wanna do this call
my dad like you bored he's like yeah so
he's gonna come over and help me do this
like right now but all that needs moved
okay it's all done dad's on his way
we're gonna go to live
when you ply wood for the tops of the
shelves we're gonna have these guys cut
them in half so we don't have to do that
at home this is Nate he's gonna cut our
wood for us they're gonna be better
he's good he's good man hey thanks dude
good work so we got all our wood we got
screws a couple more toes don't worry
we're ready man we're ready you ready to
build some dad
it is currently 649
we expect to have done
what do you mean no one except the guy
that as he's grown up
let me say let's say all band practice I
got to go to being tried for something
like boy yeah what time he goes it
actually started five minutes ago that's
like ten miles
so I need to get married today my god
you got everything you mean them he's
like that everything several places but
you married the perfect perfect girl
like I need to get my dress oh my god
deep fry is the one who knows me best so
everything you just said is 100% true
dad what'd you do I guess but what I'm
more concerned about is my bag chips do
it got all crushed up man oh man there's
limited space down here to work we had
to shift all these boxes over here just
so we could get this space open up right
here and that's our work area boom right
there
film shots yeah is it Makita he said
brand-new saw hasn't ever been used yet
this is its first use I'm excited so
he's asking me to try it out see how how
butter is yeah
Justin right here you stay on the inside
of this notch or the edge of this is
that the line yep the little divot ready
edge of this but this yep
this is how we're doing it guys we got
one two three vertical support times two
because there will be a front part of
that and then we'll have three different
shelves so they'll come out like that
blah blah anything we'll just lay the
plywood across the top and that's and
that's how you build a shelving unit I
mean it's like it's just that simple
Colin's getting this grandpa lesson
right now oh man you always did it
nice Colin push nice good job dude yeah
my fellow
yeah there's only through my left you
guys are out of screws already bones
over here trying to hammer in the screws
I think my grandpa's in some practice be
very careful of that Carson person found
Mike's nuovo on my snow globes what song
is it
she'll show us good job yeah kiss her
gas plate cool
hold up because we got all this we can
put the short one the shorter ones up
there
yeah it's true that is true that is true
the different size town that's true
alright it's bedtime for these boys I
know so tell them good night person till
the 90s good night good job boy it's
done it's done it's done yeah we kind of
flew through it
but I mean if you look at the underneath
it's basically just this frame right x
times three so three shells put the
plywood on top boom and look check out
how good it looks or how good they fit
your totes in there three totes per
shelf three six nine twelve totes there
and then we have the top we got those
like shorty ones they're like more
shallow now we got space for days
well we had the space before yeah that's
where you come in I build the shelf you
organize everything come yeah thank you
Dad for helping well he did most of work
don't let me fool you death you know
when dad and I work on projects it's
because it's because I want him to help
me finish it while I do like texting and
Twitter and Facebook and stuff
I'm joking dumb joke always love them my
dad died and I'd do projects together
because you know we're grown up and we
have our own families and it's hard to
connect you know so it's good I feel
like it's good to keep that time spin
with your parents are those people who
are important to you it spend time with
so yeah we uh what time did we start we
started it like six o'clock maybe around
six o'clock it's now 10:00 10:35 yeah we
were done at like 9:30 we just spent
like an hour and talking well it's
definitely late evening time finish up
this movie
no school well good morning to you guys
I hope every everyone's feeling fresh
this Monday morning calling you ready
for your week yeah I know these are
awesome and I'd love to talk about them
but we really have to hurry and get to
the bus so get your shoes on five
minutes it takes you to get your shoes
on happy Monday I have a good day love
you she's super late by the way
this particular bus driver says make
sure you hear five minutes earlier my
routes changed she now shows up ten
minutes later every day
oh she's laughing at the who was that
Liza was that Kitty in here yeah all
right bus is here I don't have my gloves
that's right it's not gonna be very cold
today I love you I love you too so I
need to move on with today because I
have to run into Columbus and meet up
with Dennis I got a photo shoot to do
with him
at the lamp spot and that's gonna be
some fun however it's quite cold out we
have to do a couple photos outside for
this project and working on so yeah we
built the shelf I was like we came up
with the idea we built the shelf
it was completely up in a matter of like
five six hours from like concept to
finished product and it felt good
because for a long time I've been
staring at that pile of boxes like my
basements been a mess for a while and
I've wanted to get that done so now that
the Shelf is done we can start
organizing the stuff we want to keep put
it in bins put it on the shelf and then
we have that space organized some feel
really good about that I wish I could go
down there now and get that fully done
today but we have other things work on
so we'll get that done throughout the
week it just felt really good to get
that part of it finished that's what I'm
gonna leave you guys for today I got to
get this video edited thank you again so
much for watching and hanging out and
supporting us every single day I want to
give you a heads up for Wednesday's live
stream on Twitch if you follow me on
Twitter I will tweet when I go live and
I just hope you guys would join us it'd
be fantastic you know just being awesome
thank you so much for watching I can't
wait to see you guys right back here
tomorrow
