alright guys welcome back to another
challenge video today we're doing
something really special again with the
headphones there's this Apple tech app
out there called the speech jammer app
and when you listen to it through
headphones it totally messes up your
speech when you're trying to say
something well anything really today
we're going to do the ABCs twinkle
twinkle little star the Pledge of
Allegiance and the itsy-bitsy spider
itsy bitsy spider we're gonna start with
the ABCs because everybody knows that a
b c c a b c d e f g you stop k k a b c d
e f g h i j k l m in a fit of pique ABCD
efg hijk LMNOP D F G H I J g h i j k l m
and o2 v w x y z QRS TUV wxy Z DUV y and
z y ay ready now it's time for twinkle
twinkle little star go to me little star
how I wonder what you
I of the world so high like a diamond in
the sky twinkle twinkle little star how
I wonder what you are up above the world
so high like a diamond in the sky
twinkle twinkle little star how I wonder
what you are twinkle twinkle little star
how I wonder what you are like a diamond
in another nursery rhyme yeah okay now
it's time for the Pledge of Allegiance
this those of you outside the US
probably own offices but they have to
say this every morning in school and
well it's a good thing to know as an
American all right take it away I pledge
allegiance to the flag and to the
Republic for which it stands one nation
under God indivisible with liberty and
justice not mad I pledge allegiance to
the flag of the United States ok I
pledge allegiance to the flag of the
United States of America to the Republic
for which it stands one nation under God
indivisible with liberty and justice for
all
a pledge allegiance to the flag of the
United States of America to the Republic
for which it stands one nation under God
indivisible with liberty and justice for
all
be made by it clearly this is turning
out to be more of just us listening to
ourselves and laughing at each other
we've got one more thing
left that is David super bitch spider
spider mm-hmm itsy-bitsy spider
Kimsey bets let's fire it up the wash
bow itsy bitsy spider went up the water
spout down came the rain and washed the
spider ha ha ha ha itsy bitsy spider on
the brain the itsy bitsy spider went up
the spout again
all right the Sun and it dried up all
the rain and the itsy bitsy spider was
the spout again
all right guys so that's it for today's
challenge video it was definitely a lot
of fun I sucked at it Carson was the
best most funniest you get the speech
jammer of war high-five good job dude
good job do you think a job do you mommy
cuz you're you guys were all equally
horrible I rocked it ya know I don't
know why it doesn't affect me but it
doesn't at all alright so thank you guys
so much for watching we will see you all
right back here next week for another
challenge video Carson why don't you
send us away itsy bitsy spider well ruff
this water life is about
Hey
