hey guys how are you welcome to our day
look at the Sun is actually out it's
exciting they're saying that there's a
big storm coming a big snowstorm but
it's not gonna hit us where we live oh
hey easy person get your shoes on shoot
shoot shoot shoot the big part of the
storm is gonna be south Ohio
and they're looking at like six inches
big yeah so we're gonna go and get a
haircut all right you're a good haircut
Carson yeah I am ready actually I'm
totally ready I am getting my hair cut
yes ma'am
man Carson you're gonna get all the
girls dude look at you the Carson's got
his done flipping fresh keeping hold of
that length there okay now it's Colin's
turn he doesn't technically need a
haircut but Veronica wants him trim down
okay don't go swimming the nice thing
mm-hmm it's my favorite thing to do in
these chairs person what are you doing
persons playing games if I'm good can I
have a sucker to nuts he didn't rat she
did right and since I was a good boy
I'll take this whole thing all right
we're all caught up
we're looking good you know what and I
usually get a one number one on the side
but this time I got a number two because
it is still pretty cold out and walking
from there too far I could really tell
back home
hi pumpkin what are you doing she loves
playing with the groceries when they get
brought in yeah mom
oh you see the big ball you want a big
ball hey mama I can't believe you didn't
go with the coat oh my gosh I'm so sorry
I forget your name but one of you asked
Veronica to show you how to make the
cheesy potatoes that we always have on
my do family functions stuff in you
thank you God awesome big bowler
big baller Veronica well Veronica's
gonna make dinner I want to show you
guys something I'm very excited about I
was able to get my hands on a new lens
this is a Olympus this is a 12 to 40
millimeter F 2.8 my heart last night
during the livestream and I pulled it
out and I tested it Wow
love it so much we're going to do a
dedicated repeat video on this lens I'm
going to show you guys I'm gonna start
it with my old lens and through the
video we're gonna switch over to the new
one and you're gonna you're gonna be
able to tell immediately it's awesome
looks so good yeah it's pasta baked it's
pasta make your penne pasta and the
sauce and cheese and reason Vega
she cheated she did it lasagna pasta
well clearly it's dinner time I'm up
throw some hot sauce in here some hot
sauce it's absolutely incredible how
quickly this baby can make a huge mess
Liza look at your face look at your face
yeah you are positively covered see that
you mean what she is a pro at
mean-mugging okay this little girl got
so dirty I wiped her up from the dinner
table but we aren't gonna take a bath
sound like fun Liza yeah rafer bad yeah
all done look how cute
you mean what what are you doing almost
bedtime already yeah I can't believe it
the time flies anymore it's insane
cute oh my goodness
in the end of yesterday's video Veronica
made me do this mask the animal mask do
you think my face looks any clearer
today can you tell I don't think you
could tell what bud you want to play
together
so close
good job Liza you're a walking girl
night Liza good night
come on car c1 I got you I got you
Hey I want to pay you back right there's
no pigs here what hop up there I'll give
you a piggyback come on get your bookbag
look funny silly guy you ever do a
challenge video tonight Jess wait we're
doing a challenge video when they get
home from school yeah
Veronica been listening to country music
mommy listen to country music Colin do
you like country music
oh you do I didn't know you like country
music
me I don't like country music I only
like I don't like country music I like
all music but country music I like a
random variety of hip-hop folk acoustic
alternative run a lot of pop but mostly
like rock see you later love you a very
rare mood this morning
can you believe it Veronica is up at
this early hour
oh don't mean mug that's or Eliza gets
it
you mean mugger I told her last night I
was like you're getting up with me
tomorrow because I need to film in the
morning so we're gonna get Carson on the
bus
make it Liza's actually still I'm just
weird I'm gonna take shower it's time to
film video I love you
love you good day yes you gotta hurry
yeah hold the bus up I love you
okay so I've had a shower came down here
to shoot video but can you hear that I
don't know if you can hear it's the
heater the furnace every time I film
down here I have to turn off the heat or
the furnace in general because it's it's
very loud the last time I shot down here
I turned off the heat and completely
forgot to turn it back on so it started
getting real chilly in here I was like
oh I I forgot I I forgot to turn the
heat back on I'm super excited about
this particular review because it's a
new lens and I have nothing but
fantastic things to say about this this
lens is awesome currently I have to use
my old one that's my 14 to 45 but this
is a 12 to 40 F 2.8 that one only maxes
out at 3.5 if you know anything about
cameras 3.5 is not a very good aperture
you don't get that blurry background I
mean if you if you work it right if you
have enough distance behind your subject
you can you can get it to blur out a
little bit but not as much as this 2.8
and this thing is solid just wait till
you see the review I don't know if it'll
be up by the time this vlog is up but if
it's not up today it'll be up tomorrow
yeah okay I finished shooting the review
I'm an absolute love with this lens I
don't think I'll ever take it off the
camera until I get a better one but this
I mean this lens is so good but to
finalize the last little pieces for the
review I need to go out and shoot some
photos because not everyone's into
shooting videos with these lenses they
mostly shoot photos so I'm gonna go
catch some photos and then we'll wrap
things up ace girls what else girls
look at those guys they're all fat a
huge squirrel
I came out to this really cool spot to
catch a couple photos it's right at the
edge of this canal which also looks
pretty cool but right back there is a
covered bridge that I think I can get
some pretty neat shots and this little
stone wall here I'm telling you it
check this out oh my gosh it's like a
wind tunnel this covered bridge has been
here for a long long long time there's
so many people that have like been here
and put their names up and I feel like
ours is here somewhere but I have no
idea where you know this thing is an old
old old and cold that funny did you have
a good nap
well whoopsie Oh mean mugger don't touch
me oh hi sweetheart
alright guys so that's what we're gonna
leave you for today we got some awesome
shots broca's gonna yell at me for
having my shoes on in the house it's
such an awesome shot I got out there I
can't wait to use things more make sure
you check out tonight's live stream on
Twitch that's twitch out TV points I
have skill right gaming starts at 5 p.m.
Eastern for all you on the East Coast
looking for some snow I hope you guys
stay warm it's gonna be nasty thank you
so much for watching I can't wait to see
you all right back here tomorrow
