hey guys what's up good day to you we
may and may and then and I are starting
off this vlog a little differently for
you guys we got this new I guess milky
piggy carbonated bubble clay mask so
we're gonna try it out for you guys
let's see how it works I don't even know
what to it you're gonna put it on and
it's basically gonna foam up and then it
gets super tingly and you can actually
hear it boiling bubbling so let's try it
I don't after your five minutes is up
you can then go ahead and like you know
kind of just rub it in which gives it a
better back
homey it is how you feel I love it they
made my face really soft it does take
some elbow grease to try and get off
your face once you get all rubbed in but
you know your face feels silky smooth
but yes face feels very soft I think
what you should do it come on make this
this is like it's perfect
yeah the little slit right here maybe
just get rid of zits ah
does it get rid of bad like energy being
all over complexion it changed my
complexion into like a basketball star
but but yeah it was
I got work it was definitely nice it was
strange tingly itchy funny
yeah so let us know in the comments down
below what you'd like to see next or if
you even like this Liza where you think
and pretty soon you'll be doing all this
beauty stuff with us huh
yeah don't think so now that girl stuffs
over time for us
I don't feel like doing my hair today
Carson's gonna be off the bus soon oh
there's the dude there's the dude hey
the dude you get it you get it right
the dude Big Lebowski my goodness it's
cold out there look at it snowing too
huh Carson oh yeah you see the Mike you
see the controller all my screens are
glowing you know what that means
it is livestream time and we have a chat
very excited for an upcoming giveaway I
just announced if you want to see what
the giveaway is perhaps you should come
to my live streams everyone's pretty
excited about it and it's a cool
giveaway and everyone in the chat
getting their self
shoutouts right now much love to you
guys the vlog is real and it's now time
for a very cool
intimate romantic free for all match on
Nuketown
with these guys right now and end to yet
another very fun and successful
livestream I wish more of you guys would
show up it's it's it's fun it's live
though it's like if you don't get into
gaming and stuff like that it's not a
big deal because we still have a lot of
fun just hanging out it's like it's like
a long Q&A kind of pizza's here
there we go
Pizza time are you watching Gilroy blog
you know I heard he's like one of the
best vloggers on YouTube
no I totally dig that channel that's a
good Channel I like that channel yeah
but the boys are going to bed we gotta
go tuck the boys in yeah it's it's time
for bed Liza : you were gonna go to
sleep without telling me good night
where yeah yeah we'll tell me good night
and we're gonna we're gonna tell Carson
good night night Carson I didn't cut
your hair tomorrow okay he doesn't want
his hair cut
all right night boys I fell asleep on
the couch and I woke up this morning
feeling like feeling like $1 not a
million dollars only one dollar Collins
already gone on the bus kirsten was
going next let's get it bud is your bus
buddy there's your bus you can just
leave it there that's fine yeah or I'll
take it there you go I love you have a
good day at school take care now bye bye
then
maybe Liza is up and ready for her
bottle listen to her out there
this is tricky mr. Venus I could smell
this hey baby girl
hi
here ever bottle look look lookie I got
Baba you come here come here I came
downstairs after my shower and see this
going on are you guys really doing this
stuff again are you guys really doing
this stuff again didn't you do a mask
yesterday this is different you have got
to be kidding me
you want me to do it yeah
what is it even for I don't understand I
mean you should put the placenta on your
face what I do not want placenta on my
face no the only thing that make makes
your skin moisturize because my face
feels really dry I'm getting a good
cheesy look at me okay so I'm literally
just gonna sit back and let Branca apply
some random stuff on my face right now
that's gonna make me look are you
serious right now
see your hairs in the way I don't like
it it's cold a shadow my faith oh my god
I feel like I just jumped into the river
do you guys do this kind of stuff all
the time no ridiculous really oh my gosh
you look like a tiger
honey why why why why'd you talk me into
this what is the purpose of this
ridiculous thing for a beautiful skin oh
it's in my eyeball I don't know why I
let them talk me into this but hey it
might make it might make me feel real
soft on my face and stuff do I look
ridiculous because I feel like I look
ridiculous
no one should ever do this all right
guys collectively we couldn't look more
ridiculous yeah I think and so I think
now is a perfect time in the vlog we'll
leave this image of us right fresh in
your minds anyways yeah so that's where
we're gonna leave you guys for today I
hope you enjoy our funny-looking masks I
will probably never do this again I just
wanted to be adventurous I guess yeah so
thank you guys so much for watching
we'll just see all of you right back
here tomorrow
