hey guys what's happening welcome to our
day Carson just got home with some
packages we're gonna unbox him right now
for you I just picked him up off the bus
and he was so excited because something
he ordered a while ago from China has
finally arrived and he wanted to unbox
them for you guys at the beginning of
today's vlog so you wanna do the small
one person yes open it up let's see
what's in there that's here first plants
vs. zombie plushy yeah that's a snow pea
right that's cool let's see it move I
made a bag hmm that's the gargantuan
that's pretty cool your first round of
plants vs. zombies plushies has arrived
that's what he used this Christmas Eve
for Christmas he got him akalabeth
Amazon gift cards and Carson wanted to
spend his Amazon money on plants vs.
zombies plushies so that's listen I've
been upstairs I want to talk to you guys
like about the beginning of the year is
a very important time for for people who
are self-employed or run your businesses
it's tax time like I know you have to
like April I believe to get everything
like fully finished of it right now is
the best time in January the very
beginning of the new year is the best
time to get that stuff out of the way as
soon as possible so I've been upstairs
like calculating all kinds of things
going through all my receipts
and you know figuring out my expenses
for the year I still have to go and then
look at like what we've made and stuff
it's just taxes is very weird and this
year is different because we now own
this house and the property the the
building the garage on our on our
property
the landlord ex landlord pays me a
certain amount of money to rent that
still so they pay me to rent it and I
have to like it's very weird I have I
have to count that as like rental income
whereas I've never had I've never had
that before
I understand I believe there are tax
benefits for being a new homeowner and
that year that you buy your house well
these are all things like when you those
of you who are all grown up and you have
jobs it's very real opening yeah that's
a lot of air what is it bull
so excited it's just it's nothing oh I
thought it was a book what is that but
it takes D size batteries ain't nobody
got time for that we don't have designed
batteries she's walking to you hey hey
get him Liza cookie
I don't know what to get for dinner when
in doubt you chicken got chicken breast
strips shake and bake
with some green beans mashed potatoes
and roll
that's what we'll do
have you ever gone to the grocery and
you run into someone you know and you
turn what should be like you know
15-minute grocery run and - I think I've
been in here for like an hour
Veronica's gonna kill me I didn't hear
you all right Collin you ready give this
thing a go again
yep let's see how you do I want to see
how you do with no Direction from me I
showed you the controls I showed him the
controls the last time we pulled it out
and honestly the way you fly the
helicopters in the game Just Cause 3 is
very similar to the controls on this
thing some thinking you may be able to
get it done but we'll see we should
probably fly out of the living room
away from the TV
reset reset he didn't go ballistic and
that's pretty surprising the red is the
front okay the red lights is the front
so if you push forward it's gonna go
towards the front whoo oh my god
that wasn't bad not a bad recovery looks
good that looks good
oh I'm sorry I had to walk around
no new austin Collin crashed it into
Eliza's arm and it didn't hurt her I
just scared her but I mean it has these
guards on this I can't really you can't
really get you really afraid of this
thing now we need to take it outside so
you can get it you know get used to
outside I wonder what the range is on
this thing I don't think I mentioned you
guys what kind of drone it is it's a
supermini right it's a 2.4 gigahertz 6
axis gyro nano drone and it's made by
this right here wonder tech you can
check out the website by wonder tech
comm it's like super cheap Chinese tech
no time with it to say this is a good
practice like it'll get you used to
drone controls I recommend it I wonder
what other cool ones are out that this
was only like 20 bucks another fantastic
home-cooked meal I'll buy my lovely wife
shaking baked chicken nice looks good
green beans mashed potatoes time for
dinner
my dad's asleep on the floor party right
here oh I got you good I got you good oh
man you probably thought I was really
sleeping didn't you Carson oh thank you
oh no please god no
I hope you guys are enjoying today's
super extremely chilled laid-back vlog
we did a lot this weekend actually so
today we needed to catch up on some
stuff I literally spent six hours
working on emails and taxes and I edited
the vlog did get a lot done now but boy
oh yah yah yah yah yah all right so now
that the kids are in bed I wanted to I
want to make a video on how to clean my
9-millimeter um but I haven't officially
cleaned my 9-millimeter yet so I want to
actually clean it off camera get to know
it pull it apart know everything about
it and then make a full-on instructional
how-to teardown and clean your a Ruger
sr9 millimeter now I'm gonna leave my
gun it's a couple of oily rags later
check her out
you probably can't tell but definitely
very clean now very very clean that's
actually gonna be a new hobby of mine
I found a lot of a lot of carbon and led
and stuff inside there and I definitely
need to do the cleaning every single
time with you because inside the barrel
there's still a fair amount of buildup I
ran the copper like you got these copper
I guess you call them brushes like
bristle brushes ran it through quite a
few times and it's still it's still got
a little bit of buildup but I ordered it
up it's nice it's shiny like glass it's
beautiful so maybe I think I'm I think
I'm up to
Etan how to clean this gun took it all
apart everything was great actually
didn't film while I was doing it because
I had stuff all over my hands but it's
done quick update on Veronica's phone
very very lucky for us the phone was
still there this morning they called me
and told us that they had the phone so
Dennis went to pick it up and he's
mailing it back to us it's gonna be here
tomorrow what Barranca real quickly okay
what is it like not having your cell
phone hasn't been too bad but there's
been a few times I'm like where's my
phone like when I went to the grocery
and I was supposed to get eggs to the
the attachment to our phones is very
very real all right we're gonna watch a
movie we've rented sleeping with other
people
Jason Sudeikis is in it so it's it's
gotta be baller and just like that the
movie is over it's a good movie actually
I recommend I recommend watching it it's
called sleeping with other people very
good
we need some shut-eye now so I think
it's a good time to switch to coffee
mm-hmm something about the smell of
coffee in the morning you can't beat it
it like even the smell of it which job
and then you get that first sip and it's
like oh this is why I woke up yeah hurry
up we gotta go so there goes the bus
listen we were down there
in plenty of time to be there before the
bus shows up this chick is constantly
sporadic she shows up whenever she wants
I just had to chase down the bus all
them horses were running are you ready
let's go
everybody have a good day at school I
love you I love you I love you kids are
off to school I think it's time for a
refill it's snowing out ever so slightly
didn't you see it
it's very light but it's snowing
I was thinking seriously this weekend I
want to go snowboarding for the first
time this year if I went to mad River
Mountain that's it's a local spa in
Columbus or not Columbus but it's in
Ohio I think it's Marysville Wow
if I went to mad river mountain this
weekend
who's gonna come and shred the mountain
with me well it's not a mountain it's a
small thing he would come with me all
right guys so that's where we're gonna
leave you for today think about what I
said would you come to Mad River
Mountain and go skiing or snowboarding
with me I snowboard that's all I've got
for you guys on this one I hope you guys
have a great day thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see you all
right back here tomorrow
you
