oh okay it's been raining like this for
hours it is flooding what are you going
to do when it's raining like this
everything flooding I have a very epic
idea is let's say we go play in the rain
where I'll tell you where
I gotta say guys I have never seen it
flood like that around here
this is wild yeah it's only localized
flooding it's not widespread flooding
but low-lying areas are definitely
collecting water so there are parts of
the road that are just impassable so
we're being very careful but there's
only one place that I can think to be
right now Wow
we definitely can't go that way No
this is so crazy
Oh
literally every way I've tried to get
past his block
I bet I can move two steps I read a blog
huh guys so kindly remove it
oh my god that's why that's how he's so
strong if you know and I just need to
get on that side and then flush we're
making it honey
we made it we survived you actually will
not believe what I went through to get
here
I had to move a log out of the middle of
the road and then drive through a 100%
this that's right Roman is one of the
only people I could think of who better
to go and have some epic fun in a
historic this really it's Boris I can't
hold it I don't remember a really a time
where was this on it this much water at
once when we got country here yeah we
got the hot dog in that there's a little
big there give you do you want an only
viral snapshot hot dog yeah
this trailer park over here completely
flooded the fire department is out here
pulling people out of their homes
because they can't even get out the good
thing is while we're out still hunting
for like we want to show you guys this
because it's pretty much historic for
our area there's another storm coming
and it it's going to drop dip as
they don't want us to play it it's
sprinkling fine oh here we go again
yeah the cops done knock talked to us
and they were like let me catch you
pulling that thing actually he said I
don't you put it in the water and then
I'll start shooting it's just faster
please
what if I guess let's do it it was
really nice little neighborhood
I think us doing the traveling today
I don't think he wants to like you when
we were going to Roman cows like we were
stuck in a weather yeah how bad it was
here we understood yeah out Angela
but we're just going to taste it but it
was Ben and I've never seen nothing like
that time to bring Roman and country by
the place where I moved to the log this
is their air
oh this is Biggest Loser this was insane
yeah this is logger here oh my god the
camera definitely adds ten pounds epic
wig hahahaha well look since we were
here look how much it's gone down so
crazy well come with it washed away all
that part of the road dude water is
pretty one okay so sometimes there's
things that we have to take care of off
camera and right now is one of those
moat sit a little bit of roof cleaning
on this fine morning welcome gutters I
wanted to carry this video into today
because I wanted to go take a look at a
couple other spots that that are still
flooded and affected by the storm look
it's crazy
well you can see the big oil tanks have
been kind of displaced this whole area
apparently this whole intersection like
all this stuff over here was completely
underwater this business over here was
underwater
but as you can see by now all the waters
had some time to like repeat it look how
full the pool is and yes there's quite a
bit of debris in there also I noticed
that there are a couple of spots that
still have really really heavy and deep
flooding actually right now take a look
at this I flew the drone over by 70
currently right now State Route 70 a
major highway is completely underwater
and closed no traffic in through at all
there's so much flooding and that's
pretty much all I have to show you I
wish I could have got out and showed you
a little bit more footage but just wow
the awesome power of Mother Nature
alright guys as always if you made it to
the end of this video please hit that
thumbs up button and yeah that's all I
got for you today thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you next
time
