we are almost to roadies the baby is
fully part make her happy
make her happy she needs to be happy
we're really only like
okay so we've made it and this place
looks busy but there's a lot of kids in
here running and jumping and playing
it's called run jump and play why is it
you ready to go have fun
we got bundle you up close that door bud
it is ridiculously quota let me just
give you a frame of reference inside
your fridge your freezer is usually
about match
twenty to thirty like twenty degrees
something it's like 13 degrees outside
it's cold and it's cold it is called it
is cold oh whoa whoa
lyza one's a play Oh
you're inside a shark's mouth
can fit it all in
all right don't come in no it's so dark
I can see you Garson I know it's huge oh
my god airs straight up
I'm coming watch out
look at that
kitchen
Liza what are you doing what are you
doing
oh my illness
come on come on
is that fun
faster mommy hired
get her feet I get it
did you guys pull out of the slide go
boom you should do that again this place
seems like one big giant advertisement
for this company here rainbow place with
them all of these play sets are made by
the same company and they're very well
built but also they're very very
expensive like this one right here look
I'll show you look this big giant
playset twenty four thousand dollars for
that but I mean look at it it's huge
it's gigantic it's a monster what say we
go see if Dennis is home you can see
Dennis we still have like
and once we go over there we can't stay
long it's two hour drive for us to get
home and they have school tomorrow so
here we are accosted a roadie water
roadmaster boy oh you're all dark and
stuff lady no I've been practicing rap
so it might be showing oh yeah I was
like wow you got a new treadmill in the
house where'd you get what's he got you
got a full weight room in here right oh
nice I want to get one of those ooh
hang it up the milian get Mille Miglia
and then I figure like I'm moving down
this carbon so when I move that I'll be
able to get that diamond oh you're here
on the road to ten million and Liza
found the good room look at all those
toys what's that Liza I did ball its
head ball with that what's that what's
that the boys decided they wanted to go
for a little run hey boys speed it up
you very careful do you have a mark yes
so I thought this is like a whole play
day this is what's happening we came
over to Dennis is what we're gonna pull
out this thing see if we can get it go
on let's do this yeah here let me help
you set up do some experiencing rookie
John why I have one question for you
guys where you gonna fly with no wings
Oh walk ah that's good buddy to be fair
this thing is very very cool however it
is extremely squirrely and I think when
we took it out yesterday at the a baby
shower it came down hard on its top like
short like that and kind of jammed the
rotors a little bit so it's I don't know
if it's being a little squirrely we're
going to get it like I don't know you
can set the trim and stuff it starts
drifting one way or the other you get
set remedy it's hard to do it in a small
apartment Oh a big Department yeah
Dennis made me a cup of coffee for the
impending departure so would you believe
we're getting ready to leave and
Veronica says I don't know where my
phone is
and she's looking over all over for it
and then finally I go just let me track
it using Find My Phone
she left it at the play place it's still
there and they closed like 36 minutes
ago mm-hmm yeah we may have to have
Dennis go pick it up tomorrow we're
gonna have to go by and see if they're
still there cleaners okay so uh just a
moment of real Ramona real return
precious property it's tough yeah I know
well I don't that's cool though could be
worse so I'll try to spit on it yeah I
put a spin on it yeah hey could be worse
come on give me a chip off your shoulder
could be worse you could have left your
iPhone somewhere yeah yeah yeah you're
gonna have to do that everyone say bye
to Dennis Colin say bye to Dennis all
right dude it was fun yeah we may have
to do this more see you see some mail
from you so I have to come up with yeah
then I'll strike up the mail Veronica's
phone to us
they slept everyone the whole way have a
good day at school buddy I love you
enjoy your lunch
I packed just sick lunch dude well
you and
morning cleanup so I've got a
ridiculously large cup of coffee a list
of things that I feel like I should get
done today I'm gonna plot out a couple
review videos to film this week let's
see what else what else so yesterday was
a ton of fun it was very nice hanging
out with Dennis and Alexander he didn't
get to see much of him and that's you
know how to respect for for mom but we
had a ton of fun the kids had a blast
Eliza had a lot of fun playing with him
I wish you guys could have seen his so
cute but yeah that place was awesome we
did go back last night and just quickly
drove by the place but it was closed so
for Annika didn't get her phone Dennis
is gonna go this morning and try and get
it so he can mail it to us but man
that's that's pure Veronica she always
leaves her phone somewhere this is the
first time that we've actually had to
leave it leave it it was a it was a kid
focused for Day weekend and I think we I
think we made it awesome for him and
that's our that's our role as parents
you know so I'm gonna get to my work and
try and be done by the time the kids get
out of school I think you guys so much
for watching here's to a productive work
week and I can't wait to see you all
right back here tomorrow
