what's up guys welcome back to another
day in the life of mr. Gilroy stuck in
my room look at my messy room oh I'm
currently on the computer working with
the ad everyone say hi to ed ed this
embarrassing and he will be back with us
in just a few short minutes he must be
experiencing some technical here is now
Eddie hey they're really good are they
well I guess when you've sat down as
long as we have you got to eat ketchup
chips just spin around already oh that
is so nice dude I want to come down
there right now huh those palm trees
instead you get to stare at my mug yeah
that big burly man look Eddie and I are
currently working on finalizing
everything for the trailer everything's
done as far as the music we finally got
our music track finished and it is sick
right thumbs up yeah I got ya so we the
very last thing for the trailer and for
all of the legends of Awesome videos
this may be even more important than the
initial trailer soundtrack is is the
appearance of what you what you guys are
going to do two on your notebooks like
legends of Awesome the logo the opening
sequence and all that stuff we have a
really good idea we've been in contact
with someone who's in control of some of
the photos that we want to use we're
trying to make this decision right now
and figure everything out but we're so
close I'm gonna miss you but we're gonna
have to go soon okay yeah I was just you
know just working on my eyeballs trying
to get everything lined up it looks a
little off to be honest but
try my best hey listen that new video
you posted on your channel oh yeah I'm
loving I'm loving that drone footage
from Florida brother I you could you
guys need to go follow his his YouTube
channel its media giraffes I'll put it
we'll put it right here media giraffes
on YouTube go fall Eddie because he's so
close to 10,000 and i remember when i
got to 10,000 it was like it was so very
cool so heady 94 away 94 you guys come
join my adventure please would you treat
my gladiators well and show them a good
time I enter every comment he does
actually so those of you who watched
yesterday's video know that we did a
giveaway for a brand new Apple TV and
looking at this is my youtube you see my
youtube creator app right if I go to
comments and I scroll all the way down
to the very first one until it stops
loading keep going keep going I'm not
gonna credit I'm just going to keep it
going keep it going there's the 30
minutes keep it going oh my goodness
come on you guys have slammed this
comment section today holy cow okay so
the very first comment right there
Anthony T 59 minutes ago which is the
oldest comment family is everything with
the family a dog in a cat
congratulations Anthony tu you are the
most hardcore most meticulously looking
gladiator out there first one on the
video first one to comment family is
everything
I posted the code right here so boom
that's it I'll send you a message
Anthony and you have to respond with
your address so I can't rip this out to
you everyone give anthony a
congratulations in the comments this was
the best way to do it i think for this
one i will also be doing a giveaway for
that Polaroid cube camera later on we'll
say midweek next week will do so don't
worry the giveaways aren't over I'm
trying to give back to you guys for
being such awesome fans and yeah
congratulations dude
are you ready to leaving where are we
going yeah I want to go out to dinner
you want to go out to dinner you want to
go out to dinner let's go out to dinner
you want to go out to dinner calling you
wanna go out to dinner Carson wanna go
out to dinner what's brought to do you
want to go to dinner let's go out to
dinner come on you want to go out to
dinner wow I don't know but let's go out
to dinner you want to go out to dinner
you guys ready waiting on you how will
Sonny's my glad ya come on fighter yeah
mm-hmm ya missed you I got a lot of work
done I got a lot of work done Colin you
gonna tell everyone what we're gonna do
when we come home what what are we doing
another non eating champ not even John
what challenge is it a challenge there's
our baby hey Liza hi sweetie 00 are you
guys ready family dinner I don't know I
don't know it's a secret it's a secret
that means it's an even bigger secret oh
I just hurt my back end in the g fo
oh it's relatively early on a thursday
evening the boys are off school for a
four four day weekends um yeah I thought
we would go to dinner have a nice little
family dinner and come home and film a
challenge video and then what else after
that I don't know I don't know and we've
chosen fridays why cuz it's Friday it's
not exactly Friday but technically it's
friday for these boys he goes down yeah
yeah they've never been here before oh
yes that's a perfect I had only been
here one yeah well this is a special
place cuz inside it's always friday yeah
it's always friday yeah even though it's
thursday it's friday now
this is nice right guys just uh sitting
around at the table listening to Eliza
what'd you say oh my goodness just look
we got green bean fries hot wings
boneless pretzel sticks pot stickers
mozzarella sticks data birds are they
good you're so yummy bacon and potatoes
which is a good size and choose jeez big
Jesus breaking flies oh my gosh more
ribs and I can fit in the frame mm-hmm
chicken tender it up huh
mommy was like
I'm actually just going to get the
appetizer here in a salad
are you sure you don't want to split
these ribs with me that's a lot every
definitely doesn't love it it was
fantastic let's get out here and so now
we're back at home with all this a
regular light on this side of my face
why because we we've already came home
port aliza in bed cleaned up a little
bit and we just got done filming our
whisper challenge video okay how do you
think it went good no solaris you know I
didn't get any points there's some what
a great job we don't matter points don't
matter that's right yes high five why
I'm gonna do this high five alright so
finally we got this plug-in installed
and here he is this is the man Anthony
and his beautiful daughter Lauren say hi
Lauren the ears it was so hard to get in
touch with you dude really it was you
know like I said I you know I just don't
use you know google+ when I Rogers only
use it to you know do to watch videos
and stuff like that so I'd like eight
I've really never used it I don't think
I've ever used it but thankfully your
your invite was like right at the top of
the list of a list of thousands you know
to me okay so luckily I saw that and I
was like yo that's him I figure that way
hold on this is like messaging thing so
I kind of like thought that maybe I
could message you in that and maybe he
could message me bad so maybe that's a
good way to it yeah it was tough to you
well here it is right here brand new
Apple TV dude you're gonna love it you
guys are going to love it we we hook our
netflix up to it so you can get netflix
the kids can watch their TV shows you
can rent movies you're all your itunes
stuff goes in there it's sick dude and
if you have do you have an iphone thank
you Oh perfect so you can you can
airplay anything from your iPhone to
your Apple TV which is pretty cool man
and yeah I figure what's that air placed
it was all about because I see it on my
oh my my settings but I just didn't know
what that means it's super cool so yeah
when you're watching a YouTube video and
you hit the airplay icon you'll have the
choice now for Apple TV once you get
once you get it all set up and it'll
walk you through its it's so easy it's
so easy oh yeah you're gonna love it
dude well shout out to you dude for
winning the apple TV brother well thank
you you're welcome yeah yeah you've been
up here for a minute look it's 1143
these dudes are still up it's a four-day
weekend man with Sparta time they did
good tonight yeah but it's definitely
time for bed buddy look at me look look
at me there you go break the chain
you're overeating your brains on
meltdown even that goes ready for bed
daddy love you my Carson Liza what's
that puppy doing oh my gosh who settle
down you're losing control hey echo I'm
not gonna but she's out of control would
you do to her would you feed her well
good morning
alright guys so I think that's where
we're going to end today's video I know
it might be a little short but I thought
I'd leave you with this I guess thought
that I had which is like throughout our
youtube career I guess you'd say we've
had the pleasure of like personally
connecting with quite a few you guys you
know I found that to be some kind of
divine privilege if you will last night
I had the opportunity to talk to the
apple TV you know giveaway winner in met
his beautiful little girl and you know
we talked about one thing that really
sticks with me was he said he doesn't
have any other social media and that's
because he found himself addicted to
Facebook and and he fell to take away
from his kids which i think is so
commendable I I can't say that I'm fully
guilty of neglecting my kids and whatnot
because I when I do social media at work
you know we all do it we're all guilty
and I feel like sometimes we should put
our phones down and pay more attention
to our families and the people around us
like what's in physical in your physical
space my job my career is to provide you
guys entertainment that keeps you on
your devices so today put them down you
know put them down and spend some time
with your family or friends or dog or
cat or whatever whoever you have around
you the point is just I think like you
should spend some time today in the
physical space and really take a look at
what's around you you know I guess the
point of my story is to tell you that I
feel like totally honored and privileged
that we have the capability of you know
like connecting with you guys as people
as individuals which you really are you
know I think that you know more often
youtubers see all of you guys is just a
number but I'm becoming fully aware that
you you're not just a number
person and all you guys are people who
watch these videos and and I think if
you look at it that way it's even more
incredible to know that you know as
small as it may seem compared to others
twenty to thirty thousand of you every
single day watch these videos and that's
twenty to thirty thousand lives people
who have feelings and emotions and their
own troubles and obstacles and their
lives and their successes and stuff so
it's I think it's really neat when you
take step back and look at the big
picture that we're all like we're all
part of the same race you know what I
mean it's nice to be able to to merge
together for this amount of time and
your day that you guys sit and watch us
and and we can help you escape some of
your you know some of your realities in
your troubles that's my philosophical
spiel for for today or maybe the week
rather also i want to mention i came
across a really talented individual last
night for the second time first
introduced to me by my good buddy Seth
Wetzel a super talented musician that I
think would be an awesome fit for
legends of Awesome a challenging year
check him out I posted his lake or
shared his video on my gilroy blogs
Facebook page so go to my gilroy blogs
Facebook page and watch that last post
of mine with the artist is some Marty
ray project very cool and I've already
been in touch with them and it seems
like you may be interested in me coming
down to film with them so thumbs up for
that alright guys that's from when
leaving for today thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see you all
right back here tomorrow
you
