what's up guys how are you doing welcome
to our day I just wanted to start
today's video with with some goodwill
you know what I mean I'll show you what
I mean as you guys know we have a friend
local to us works at our local grocery
market and he's become you know like a
friend and Bailey is Bailey from kroger
you guys watch the livestream you know
Bailey from kroger Bailey's been meaning
to bring us something special for the
kids for Christmas Bailey wouldn't you
bought the kids Christmas friend yes I
did that's so thoughtful do it is so
Bailey's finally had a chance to bring
him by and now we're gonna have the kids
opening guys hey Bailey's here and he
brought you guys Christmas presents what
do you say we you know come and say
thank you to bailey first of all thank
you and and maybe you should see what
are you brought yeah you got eliza
something to man Bailey you're something
special dude
is that awesome you can give him a hug
if you want oh you see look at that man
Bailey's such a nice guy good work
Bailey you see that feels good to hear
thanks I'll Bailey smells good oh you
feel good Bailey you really do watch the
logs though email yeah yeah i'm i'm
literally up here finishing the vlog
very very last minute Bailey's been up
your plan NBA 2k behind me and we're
trying to figure out like what do we
play tonight live stream nice so what
did we play for the live stream and I've
told Bailey that was like we want to
play zombie games and the best zombie
game my opinion is dying light so we may
play that I don't know I also want to
tell you guys that we're doing a
giveaway in today's video so make for
very sure that you keep your eye on
every clip in this video because the way
to win is finding what I'll tell you you
should have been looking for at the end
of the video and this is not a paid
video this is not a payor sponsor video
I just want to say that right now I have
apple tvs in every room of my house look
back there you see it it's right there
there's my apple TV up in my bedroom you
know we were playing the one yesterday
downstairs in the living room I want you
guys to have one so I got an apple TV 32
gig for you guys and I'm just saying
I'll tell you more at the end but keep
your eye on every clip in today's video
alright so it's about time for our live
stream but before I want to show you
guys Veronica's finished pillow look at
this look at this don't look at it it's
not bad because I messed up the seam
it's not bad I mean I think it looks
fantastic
good yeah that's nice Maya fix that yeah
or a button Veronica's idea was for the
button on the back but that might be
stretching too much yeah this method
malgrove yeah Oh crow will just make a
new one or you could just make a new one
I stood up I still got Bailey here to
Bailey it's about time for a live stream
yeah you're gonna do the live stream
with me let's do it we're gonna play
zombie game tonight veggies okay we're
on the live stream okay I'm Veronica
psych she comes up with a list she wants
to go to chocolate if she we're gonna
send the camera with wrong aztec purple
Knight are you even gonna film if you go
should probably be too embarrassed to
fill inside my hands full do you go to
any of the salsa tell her she can film
before she or while she's ordering thank
you your hands won't be full until you
get your food you know everyone in the
chat getting their shoutouts you guys
get your shout outs in in the chat
section we want to put you in a vlog
today why because you're so flipping
awesome and are you leaving yep okay
love you wait you have to take the
camera gosh guys it's so cold
they're jamming out in that car right
there oh so before we go get chipotle we
have to come to grab come to kroger to
get the kids something to eat because
they won't meet chip away
yeah I'm not
Oh
Gregory
three balls
yes
why he films
I haven't taken official
ok
he was gonna shoot me with another lose
you might once i read threaten the fear
hi dinner's here that's awesome yes
reading some quick comments about your
sewing machine what do they sayin I
can't make sense of this one but Selena
was offering some suggestions I just
don't know what she means we'll see
let's eat even though I'm like starving
i'm also very skeptical as to whether or
not this food is actually going to be
healthily nutritious it's only because
the stores aren't cooking their chicken
to certain culture you're gonna need for
everybody or washing the lettuce and
vegetables creve early for somebody
pooped on her hands he didn't wash their
hands Amanda that's disgusting don't
feel the effects of a call out yet we
just finishing some good but while we
were in the middle of the live stream I
had a package come which I'm pretty
excited about I'll show you guys right
now this is a new piece of gear that I
had to cop for myself I know you're
thinking bro tripod you've already got
one well but I needed a new one let's
open this bad boy up all right so check
it out this is the bin row
so a 573 TBS seven this is the s7 benro
head fluid drag head it's got adjustable
fluid control for the vertical tilt and
the pan it's got a light level I mean
quick release plate three-stage legs and
spreaders mid-level spreaders with the
feet I'm stuck it looks nice let's let
me show you guys a quick pan watch watch
we're going to look at the cereal and
then watch that smooth motion urate uh
oh man that's nice that's nice you guys
that's quality equipment right there I'm
gonna say it this is a fantastic tripod
for price I can barely after Bailey just
had one of jellybeans and now he's got
to take a different one to take the bad
taste wish they'd just brush my teeth
you got to face to face would you guys
person Sean spray mmm that's a delicacy
in some countries you know Oh Peter barf
yeah barf you want to barf one and take
a gamble at the bar phone battery 200
beta from kroger yes thanks for hanging
out no problem I'll see you again soon
see you thanks for joining the live
stream thanks for the gifts you all
thanks for being a flippin gladiator bro
no problem I'll see you soon londa Oh
Liza saying bye oh sorry company's gone
for the day and I have to say it was
kind of a nice relaxing day inside you
know what is very very cold outside
today and have you got a two hour delay
phone call from the school
we don't know if the kids are gonna have
score not tomorrow but I think they
should you know what I mean I think this
yeah they're pretty I see our driveway
is a wreck yeah Fluffy's hitting his
medicine his flea medicine I'm gonna rip
I'll give a rip what you're doing right
now I'm just eating food now huh okay we
got to make the bus is that pretty
sunrise or what
well that's a pretty soon right well the
man says we're gonna be in a heat wave
if it's not gonna be like single digits
anymore for a few days right like 29
degrees right now it's pretty warm have
photos school bud love you so you'll be
fine it's just snow love you we decided
to bring heck out of the bus stop with
us echo is still very scared of cars
look she's shaking yeah no she just
called him she's cold you needed it okay
echo yeah flatus shape mm-hmm I want to
take her snowboarding oh yeah I'm take
her snowboarding I got you we'll see
love you bye it's okay echo it's okay
he'll be back he'll be back
it's all right i'm recording me being
silly you're being silly girl oh you
like those eggs that's good oh well
here's Joey alright guys do we've
reached the end of today's video and for
most of you who follow me on all my
other forms of social media you should
know by now that today is a giveaway
video today we're giving away a
brand-new this is the 32 gigabyte 3rd
4th generation Apple TV I just love
these things and I wanted to start the
year with a giveaway give back to you
guys who've been longtime subscribers so
all you have to do to win the brand new
Apple TV is like I said earlier you
should be looking somewhere inside the
vlog somewhere in the background up
today's video is a code it's posted
somewhere that's a hint all you have to
do is leave a comment below with the
code the first person to comment the
code it's not the words the code by the
way first person to comment the code
it's going to be the one who wins the
brand new Apple TV listen I want you
guys to have fun with it there's more
there's actually more details down in
the description below so you can
visually see it but yeah we're doing a
giveaway for the Apple TV to kind of
give back to you guys it's cool tech you
know that I think you guys would really
enjoy and you can watch our vlogs on
them so that's all we've got for you
guys today thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see who wins
the apple TV and we'll see all you guys
right back here tomorrow
you
