alright guys what's up welcome to our
day the boys had a snow day today
and so we played a little bit a little
bit this morning but a little we played
a little bit this morning but we had to
take a break to edit some video but now
we're back out we're going to a bigger
hill check this out
look at that it's actually quite
beautiful out today after I got done son
look that hill is much bigger than it
appears on camera are you guys ready
I brought my snowboard so I could you
know if there's enough snow I'm gonna
try and snowboard but I got to get up
here first and see if there's enough I'd
be pointless to take them up there
was that fun fun cars in I'll tell you
what do you guys have the same problem I
do when it's super super super super
cold out my nose I don't know if you can
see it my nose constantly drips it's
like it's like a leaky faucet but we had
fun we bombed that huge hill it's pretty
good actually it's my sill it goes way
up hence the trees you see there but
that was a good time now then I go home
and warm up some hot chocolate maybe
yeah you guys tired you look tired
you look tired too I wish I could've got
the snowboard out but there's not enough
snow I would have just fell hill but
this weekend might be going to matter if
not with Dallas yeah I think we had fun
did you guys yeah Adam borrow a saucer
yeah they were nice enough to let us
borrow one cuz the boys they did not
like the snowboards with the handles
yeah he sat on them but I I actually
read one down standing up and it's not
that hard hold on to the handle though
it was fun I wrote it on my butt the way
down I'm gonna be honest I haven't taken
a shower yet today cuz we've been like
playing in snow all day literally so I'm
gonna go clean myself okay yes please
let's stop I don't smell that bad stop
it
what's that music Liza what's that music
big girl
we're waiting for dinner to be done and
Colin is playing a game on the Apple TV
the new Apple TVs have apps you can play
games on them and this particular game
is called beat sport it's made by
Harmonix it's the same company that made
the rock band game and it's like it's
all based on like you time it to the
beat da but they're not doing very good
dad
ah there you go the old the old Apple
TV's never had these remotes these are
completely new they have a microphone on
them and they're touched they have like
a touch surface I've had every iteration
of Apple TV since they first came out
oh yeah Eliza's so having fun with it
you like that music Liza hmm we just
figured out how to do a multiplayer you
have to download beat sports the remote
app and Colin's got his connected he's
the red guy
Parsons about to connect living around
wait how'd you find that I downloaded it
oh there you are
here you just swipe to swing I guess
that's how it works and this one we have
to use the remote it's based on the
rhythm so if you can listen to the
rhythm it'll give you an idea like
all right dinner's ready you have apple
TV and you have kids
definitely a kids game I'll put a link
in the description to the App Store so
you guys can find it but I recommend
it's fun
wait a second you said you're making
dinner and this is what you made I made
pizza up here oh well we're hungry we
had a hard day out on that no home boys
yeah oh so fun wasn't it how Oh mommy
got me one of my favorite sides you want
to try it
it is sardines you're gonna try one try
sardine smell it smell it Carson lies
about to try banana pepper guys Eliza
they're good are you making them
brothers laugh
we're trying to show you guys she's been
walking we didn't get to capture four
steps but she's totally trying come here
come here big girl yeah she gets really
excited in his life tries to run echo
went to the vet she got around a worm er
right round worm her she got flea
medicine that three different shots but
yeah she's good
the doctor says that she just may have
allergic reactions to fleas because we
have had a couple fleas in here not on
the carpet or anything which I'm sure
inherently they will be eventually but
under control so I got me he said it's
just even if one bites her and doesn't
live because it's bitten her she still
will have an allergic reaction to that
so it'll it yeah she's been itching
we've been treating her with flea
medicine for the past two months the
topical stuff but now she's got the pill
that she takes and it takes care of her
from the inside are you feeling any
better let go
you still itching or what good girl
ready go
okay save none I Eliza night big girl oh
I love you your daddy kiss what's yeah
what's that and what's that what's that
and what's that did you have fun with me
today riding and stuff yeah do it
again tomorrow after school you can we
can if you want okay that's fun
what about you what you don't want to go
what person doesn't want to go sled ride
again that's fine already
I've already called with the two hour
delay good night sir
I've fun with you too bud you know yeah
he's yeah he's rare right now
and that's exactly how we ended our
night good morning guys it's another
beautiful morning however I mentioned
last night the boys were on a two-hour
delay now we got a phone call this
morning but they didn't have school
again boys what do you think about
another snow day and we have other
special guests Noah's in the house
Liza's getting comfy and Alyssa's over
there with her big hair Alyssa we love
your big hair we do look look at this
big hair oh my goodness and Veronica
Veronica's doing some sewing oh come on
look Veronica's been on a mission to
make these pillows and I'll tell you
what once you get started and doing that
up I never took home AK right yeah high
school or whatever I'm gonna try that
I'm gonna sew something up Veronica
needs an ironing board from Mama you
know it's like it's almost like
grandma's always have all that stuff
that you need you know you need
something you don't have grandma's got
it so I'm gonna run down to Mama's and
get Veronica ironing board you see what
I mean mama and grandmas come through
look at this we got ourselves a ironing
board and Mama's making vegetable soup
looks good I want to show you what I did
what do you do
Oh cinnamon rolls what you mean cinnamon
rolls out of Chris huh yeah would you
cinnamon and butter and stuff
I took the croissant home out flat and I
buttered it up good and I put sugar on
it and cinnamon on it but I don't know
that it's enough cinnamon than this well
you can always add more I never done
that before simply what
well there you go you see grandma's come
through thank you grandma
yeah well Veronica will enjoy where did
you go to opens you gotta iron it first
like that iron thing so so it stays
folded over well so I can sew down the
seam cuz I'm making like a pillow sham a
sham what a sham oh my gosh I don't
either but this is exciting
watch your fingers now whoa she's sewing
you got oh my gosh you are sewing you
are you just reversed it what happened
oh good this is up I don't know why I'm
so excited about it and sewing machine
right now but Veronica's sewing okay
mm-hm
I guess there you go it's all I don't
know I don't know but that's that is a
that's a sewn seam right there you guys
it's sewn well you guys it seems wrong
has run into a fair amount of trouble
putting this pillow together yeah she
can't get her stitches quite right and
that's I mean we could potentially spend
all day waiting to see if her pillow
turns out so instead we'll check back on
Veronica's pillow progress in tomorrow's
video that's for me I need to start with
my my chores for the day honey good luck
we all wish you the best of luck why is
it so dark there you go best of luck
we'll check in on you in tomorrow's
video okay okay get it down you'll get
it just because today is a snow day you
know that doesn't mean I don't have work
to do so that's what we're gonna end the
video for today I really hope Veronica
gets it on her sewing machine she's
become real frustrated that one of the
the top stitch is good but the
underneath is like really loopy Moo it
just it has all these loops in it and
it's uh it's frustrating er she can't
figure it out there's a tension issue
somewhere it's any of you selling
fanatics your knowing thing about sewing
machines leave your comment down below
giving her some tips and advice I want
to say thank you guys so much for
watching and we can't wait to see all of
you right back here tomorrow
