hey guys what's up how are you today I
hope you're feeling good I just wanted
to tell you guys thank you so much for
going and checking out my new site which
I announced in yesterday's video in case
you missed it we announced the launch of
my my business my new website is up it's
out there it's camp 15 mediacom and just
to let you know yesterday we had over
2,000 unique clicks to the site which is
awesome and that tells me that every one
of you click the link in the description
from the video and UN checked it out and
I spent a fair amount of time replying
to a bunch of like work requests so it's
starting off incredible if you sent me
requests yesterday check your name out
because you should have a response go
walk to mommy
Oh oh my gosh zpz what I know you're
trying and it's awesome you behave while
I'm gone okay I'll be right back you
keep a hold of this alright alright I
couldn't get her to I couldn't get her
to walk but she walked when I wasn't on
camera then I'd hold the camera out to
capture walking and she won't it's just
she just won't I'll get it I'll get it I
promise all right I got my dude Carson
what's up buddy
you do need a new lunchbox but first did
you have a super awesome excellent
splitting the rific day at school
you weren't on blue that's better than
red right yeah okay aside from getting
Carson's lunch box we need like you know
these centrioles toilet paper eggs
trash bags you know for everyday stuff
you know your hats on inside-out right
gosh um were you chosen look it matches
your coat it's blue yeah echo echo rip
this coat man dad don't
all right we got a couple other things
to get thrower in the box there are in a
buggy okay you can hold it and something
for sale
and hardly
for sale man one of these
I know we're being a little goofy today
but you know what this is a good point I
want to meet you guys
I feel good today because last week was
super productive and I'm starting 2016
off on a very good foot and I think that
if you guys wanted to feel good about
yourself and your accomplishments do
something do you know what I'm saying
though Carson if you want to feel good
about yourself you got to do something
right I think the perfect way for you to
start feeling good about yourself and
bringing yourself positive energy let's
try creating a goal and then complete
that goal have a good day you're gonna
be going crazy
oh no what's up my dude you having fun
out in the snow I don't think I mention
it you guys in in yesterday's video
we're actually we missed a day for a
couple reasons but it snowed and we have
a snow on the ground now a little bit
and it might snow even more tonight I
work with for dinner tonight
we've got leftover lasagna
which I wanted to sleep tight don't let
the bedbugs bite like this you guys have
ever watched the movie Despicable Me
there's a part in there when GRU is
tucking the girls in and he says to them
he says good night sleep tight don't let
the bedbugs bite and then he leans in
closer and he goes because there's
literally thousands of them and there's
probably something in your closet and I
used to always talk once that movie came
out and they loved it I used to always
took him in and say that because they
were crazy about it but now if you do
that if you do that now
Carson like lets out and he just flipped
out cuz Colin did it they just hold on
to some really strange memories I feel
but the kids are in bed it's time for us
to relax and we're gonna pick up on
something fun in the morning oh well
good morning guys
it's just like one of those you know
days where it's just cold out and I
don't feel like you guys should go to
school
let's just stay home today that's right
you're not going to school today why cuz
it's no do it
Shh look at this snow it's snowed like
crazy and it is still snowing you guys
want to go outside and see the snow
it's a little bit fluffy not fluffy but
a little bit fluffy do you ready for
your first doctor's appointment huh you
ready ready oh really
yeah echo you're gonna be okay give me a
look echo keeps like chewing on herself
and she's pulling out her hair and stuff
so she's got to have a checkup anyway
and get like more wormer medicine and
all that yeah so we'll take her out in
this now when she's Carson where are you
where are you you're right there
Oh some real snow
I want to pile it up against the front
porch there and make like a little slope
that we can sled down what do you say we
can do that with the shovel all right so
we've built a super awesome snow ramp
the boys are gonna sled down it
are you ready Carson get ready folks
cutting the GoPro cam now
I have to say this was a great idea the
kids are loving it but this is no
comparison to a real Hill and look at my
look at my little tripod here that is
innovation right there yes all right
boys let's go get some hot chocolate
what do you say you and go a couple more
times yeah all right dude there's no
substitution for waking up in the
morning and going out seeing big
mountains of snow I mean compared to the
rest of the world this is nothing but
for us it's like the first real
substantial snowfall so it's pretty it's
pretty exciting but that's not all the
fun we're gonna have for today because
we are gonna go hit some pretty big
Hills in the next town over we don't
really have anything bigger here but I'm
gonna actually edit this vlog get the
boys inside for some hot chocolate we'll
wait for mommy to come home and yeah
we'll pick up with some awesome sled
riding in tomorrow's video so I want to
say thank you guys so much for watching
I'm gonna get some stuff done real quick
and yeah we'll see all of you right back
here tomorrow
you
