what up for am Li family-friendly is a
combination of friends and family that's
what you are I hope you guys are having
a fantastic Friday we're actually coming
to you quite late on Friday look Suns
already practically gone but that was on
purpose fully on purpose I've nearly
finished the website that my goal is to
have completed by the end of the week
you guys are gonna like it
hopefully hopefully you like it of
course there's some of us who can't
please no matter what so those of you
who are excited about the Gilroy's you
should be excited about this website are
you saying about this website yeah sorry
we're going to my mom so the boys are
staying the night over there are you
excited seeing that girls yeah okay this
is what it looked like all day long
horrible cool rainy just don't worst hop
in there Kemosabe what about mama how
you don't mom no mom what did you look
at your important to make sure I took
that off mom had blood drawn today seven
vials girl made a pizza night that good
is that the pizza dance show me two
pieces of game
I like it yeah that's a good day oh you
fat kid would you get her yeah an
ornament supplies that looks some more
like a garden thing it's with Cameron
it's not a garden thing it goes on your
Christmas tree which you took down you
know I took it down I let that thing I'm
part of the machine does this pr1 stuff
everywhere I go on there and look and
this year I decided to go ahead they're
like $20 bolt she went nuts my mom went
crazy in this box I like cute these are
the ones they paint from the end sighs
what do they call them I forget they
just do it
yep Libyan LBN Libyan hell bein the NBN
ornament they paint it from the inside
I'm not joking you guys come to my mom
she's telling stories and lies is
playing with Rolo's what are you doing
you can't have those well I don't mean
to make you mad but you can't have those
big girl come here you can walk to Daddy
oh she's getting so tired what no she
didn't you're lyin that's why she's so
mad we don't feed her that stuff mom
she's not an animal who had this problem
look Eliza's clearly very very very very
mad yeah she's very much this is one of
those parenting scenarios where like
you're away from home you think you have
everything you need your diapers and
your all that stuff my Eliza is teething
and we do not have any or gel and she's
very very upset and she's tired
so we're gonna have to go back home cuz
that's where her aura jealous are you
gonna make it Liza and her bed in her
bed do all things mom that was very
thoughtful of you by the way if there's
a magnet oh geez we see them tomorrow
have a good night okay I see you
underwater be there tomorrow you will be
there time I'm gonna be there morning
well not in the morning Carly have fun
okay I'll bet you money
there's no way I'll get her out of that
seat and in bed with our waking up cross
your fingers do you definitely welcome
her here noodles ready hey Carol
hmm check this up I got in the mail
today I got this
this little notice here urgent safety
recall notice driver and passenger front
airbag inflators right this is pretty
serious actually on the back talks about
how the 2002 Honda Civics the airbag
inflaters may rupture if you get an
accident and cause metallic debris to
pass through the airbag cushion material
and possibly hit you or others in the
vehicle and it says that people have
been seriously injured and died from
that so immediately we're supposed to
call and have that scheduled to be
repaired for free and it brings me back
to like the other day member I was
driving past the Honda dealership and I
was like you know what I kind of want to
get a new car I really think it's time
to get a new car what are you doing
okay Kenny take a little nap yeah the
baby's asleep Veronica's on her phone me
and my laptop got a little bit more work
to do
well it's 1225 I haven't really done
anything I've been working my laptop
today that's okay because I'm announcing
something at the end of the weekend I
know you guys are gonna be happy to see
just hook up its 9:21 got a little sleep
today my morning routine
Eliza the morning routine bah bah bah
bah Oh hmm these bad boys are done and
look what Veronica took she took the
middle one she took it
it's the best one it is from the
beginning of time and our relationship
Veronica's always had cinnamon rolls
before I haven't really had Seminoles as
much as I do since I got drunk we had
cinnamon rolls on regular basis and she
always took the middle one I'm not
complaining I'm just saying she always
got the middle one the best one all
right guys we're showered we're dressed
let's go get to the boys
really that's what greets you at my
mom's house what are you doing well hey
I heard you were up till 2:00 in the
morning
and I'm so tired
why'd you let him stay up till 2:00 in
the morning go to sleep where do you
sleep
see what happens is let me give you a
little bit of parent advice yeah so you
turn out all the lights and you give
them a pillow and a blanket you sir how
did your hair get so messed up that Bed
Head or couch head it looks like couch
head get out of here mom thanks for
keeping the boys and listen I want you
to know any time you want to get very
little sleep just have them over again
you know
oh well perfect that's fine then I hear
I was feeling bad so my kid kept you up
until 2:00 a.m. I usually sleep well now
you can go to bed it's almost noon there
so all right let's go Carson tell
grandma you love her you didn't give me
a hug Colin oh ok so I've got the kids
and we're continuing with what I'm going
to describe to you now
to day mation I made a decision last
minute that because of time constraints
for today yesterday sauce upload the
Harry Potter jelly bean challenge was
fun disgusting but so today I want to
keep the ball rolling I don't want to
spend all day editing so this is a
combination video our Friday and
Saturday so at the end of the video
today I will be announcing the launch of
my new website which I'm very excited
and I'll tell you guys all about like
why named it what I've named it and I
hope you guys go smash it but not there
yet
stay tuned videos not over we're making
a pit stop before we get back to the
house because I was looking last night
for videos on how to clean my rooder and
there's a couple I got the point I know
how to do it now but I feel like I need
to clean my gun anyways
I feel like we can make a better one
right we can make a better video right
yeah you did lost your head man Oh
playing with that safe you guys are
gonna get locked in there and I'll never
get you out ever
now look I'm in here looking at gun
stuff and Josh shows up he knows what's
up check well what we got we got gun
whoa we got gun cleaner and I'm gonna
get this mat so I can use to clean it on
should we just come over to your house
and clean our gun
what are you doing hey I'll call you
later Josh Joshua Paul alright let's go
boys
get your keyboard on dude it's all right
you can learn it's okay
look he's embarrassed Washington bottles
a I've skipped forward through into the
night we have made it through the
evening it's dinner time basically I'm
uh I'm I'm supposed to go out and get
some things for dinner
hey wine and Powerball tickets I don't
know what how important for dinner but
apparently the jackpot is up to what
nine hundred million nine hundred
million dollars could you imagine I
don't know what that comes out to after
they save like charge you a bunch of
taxes and fees and stuff but I mean I
could probably do a lot with nine
hundred million dollars or whatever that
down here yeah shoot I'll take a million
yeah I just came back from doing the
lottery today we're talking about we win
she's gonna give us 50% Nana said it 50%
you're allowed to have beer you're old
enough federating for a Powerball to go
off I decided to get some scratch offs
just to see if we could win like 50
bucks or something this is my first
attempt at a brisket on the smoker
brisket on a smoker
it looks smoked smells good yeah yeah
that smell good
man that smokey we just finished dinner
and it was very very good
J to thumbs up on the dinner now it's
time there's was Marsha that's a really
good question I wish there was a way we
could show you guys the camera you guys
know the fuzz on the camera is wind
Stoppers like wind screens so when it's
real windy outside you don't hear any of
the wind at all without them you hear it
it's all some chocolate cake me and my
baby girl get up
it's late it's 9:30
it's her bedtime Veronica wants to stay
in party do math questions now I'm gonna
take a light at home and show you guys
what we've been building the past weeks
all right you guys so it's that time to
unveil this project that I've been
working on for quite a while but before
I show you exactly you know what it is
I've been working on I kind of need to
explain why I've named it what I've
named it a lot of you know you followed
the channel for a long time we were
pregnant and we had a miscarriage and it
was very sad time and and so basically
we named our our child
Cameron Glen Gilroy and other than that
day that that memory we had the service
we don't really have much you know to
remember him by other than a you know
ultrasound picture the video that I made
so I thought it would be fitting to
create a business and I've been working
on creating a business something like
you have to have something outside of
YouTube I've assembled a team of what I
consider specialists people who are good
in their field at doing what they do and
together we make up what I now call cam
15 media cam stands for Cameron and 15
stands for the year 2015 cam 15 media is
the embodiment of everything that I
stand for helping people grow working
together as a team to achieve success
and I felt like it was a good way to
honor my son to name my business
somewhat after him I mean your business
is like a baby and so you want to help
it grow and nurture it and all that
stuff and I feel like this is a perfect
way for me to honor my son so without
further ado and what you guys to take a
look at the homepage cam 15 media let me
refresh it so you can see the first
first screen there so this is cam 15
media and I want I'm not going to show
you the whole site in the vlog I want
you guys to go and check it out and give
me your feedback and stuff there's a lot
to see and if you go to services I guess
I'll click on that real quick at the top
it tells you exactly what I just said
you know I've created a team of people
you know that together we can help reach
new levels of success shows you what
we'll be offering and then you know it
goes on and on from there you know I
wanna I want to invite you guys to at
least go over and check it out and also
I've integrated the a lot of you guys
have asked versus shirts again so I've
integrated a shop in here as well so you
guys can get your gladiator Guillory
vlog shirts and course fresh new designs
will be you know on the way so yeah that
that's it you guys I want to say thank
you so much for watching today's two day
mashup go check out the site the link
will be at the top of the description
scam 15 Mediacom oh yeah it's Sunday so
don't forget we have a live stream
tonight at 5 p.m. Eastern I love it if
you guys can join us for that and oh
yeah
that's pretty much all I've got for you
guys today thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see all of
you right back here tomorrow
