okay guys so it's time for another
challenge video today I'm not really
looking forward to this one but we were
donated these jelly beans so we got to
use them this challenge all happens from
this little box right here these are the
Harry Potter Bertie Botts every flavour
beans and let me just give you a hint as
to what's inside here we have flavours
like banana blueberry we have cinnamon
cherry we also have sausage rotten egg
vomit
boogers earthworm and bathroom yeah
there's there's some really good flavors
and there's some equally nasty flavors
and here so every round we're each going
to randomly pick a jelly bean and then
one by one we're going to taste them we
also have cups that we can use to spit
them out so mommy want you to divvy up
the cups
Colin pour those in the bowl and let's
get stuck on the count of three while we
all look up at the ceiling you have to
reach in the bowl and grab a jelly bean
okay in your hand so you can't see it
yes okay okay we clear is everyone got
the rules yeah all right everyone look
up at the ceiling
no cheating person Colin okay we've all
got our jelly beans mommy
you're up first obviously I don't know
what this one is
dad that was grass
alright Carson oh yeah right ready yes
you gonna chew it up get it boy that's
okay
Grantham he's gonna mine it's cinnamon
minimun it's blue it's blue blueberry
don't you mistake blueberry for someone
what is it you have to ham it up chew it
and you know what that one is okay it's
like a baby's butt maybe but I need to
rinse out my mouth now ha ha ha ha very
funny
here again you're okay it's okay you're
good you're good right you just gonna
drink it's fine it's fine
don't you dumb it's fun all right it's
my turn
pretty sure Colin had rotten egg yeah
recalling that rotten it you have to
guess what it is everyone would know it
was being apples I think we need a towel
for this so he can't see him after we do
drama
I definitely got green apple round
blueberry brown one went to mommy and
call him because they got the nasty ones
all right time for round two
here we go you can look at this and
determine what was it hey Colin hold it
so you can't see it well that was vomit
alright : 3rd here we go to it a shot
good Colin got sausage it wasn't any mr.
silly chance
set go I ain't ready you better be ready
ok I am out go choo-choo choo-choo
choo-choo what is it hey track Meg Oh
rotten egg rotten eggs good night
my turn okay get something off all right
that's enough
hey we can smell it
I have a plea no cherry
ah how's good luck' ste so what I mean I
got that's a good one my first time
yellow
okay ready all right round three I won't
look up get your Baines get amazed
everyone game a round three here we go
see that woman yes Oh
smell oh okay don't throw up it
might don't throw up oh this is good one
I don't know what it is
take it got into seven is it haha yeah
is it running two one go
choo-choo-choo-choo choo-choo-choo-choo
choo-choo-choo-choo we're not doing it
sure you're not doing it chew it son
what is it oh it's pepper that's not
that never all right yeah around three
happens now what is it um-hmm that was
soap for those beds vomit no actually it
changed the whole vomit taste in my
mouth so yes anymore
yeah well there you have it guys the
Harry Potter Bertie Botts beans
challenge video we had some good ones we
had some nasty ones I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
you leave a thumbs up and let us know
what other challenge videos you'd like
to see please for God's sake let there
not be any more eating challenges for a
minute I think we've had our fair share
of eating challenges I agree
pretty much all the challenges and
eating chips no no we should do a
different one like the whisper challenge
or chubby bunny chubby bunny we have to
do that with hidden marshmallows mini
marshmallow
and the big one all right guys alright
guys well that's it for this challenge
video thank you guys so much for
watching okay
right back here on another challenge
video next week take care we'll see you
