what it's happening guys welcome to the
vlog today look I've been very busy for
the first half of today doing a lot of
things I'm not really a hundred percent
with because as you know I'm a Mac user
I'm a crap all that I leave that are you
guys call me anyway I've been properly
introduced to the master PTR a PC master
Ian so as you know I got a gaming PC
because we you know we play
battlegrounds and stuff like you need
probably to run it you have in this case
which as you can see is empty now it's
dead it's empty
gone everything's gone because I put it
in this I know you're thinking man Gil
I'm proud of you look at that look at
that so officially my gaming setup looks
like this I know we have two different
sized screens but I don't really give a
rip this is the this is what it's been
all night out doing from the garage
usually about ten o'clock I check out
Veronica fall asleep on the couch while
me Roman and the kids play battlegrounds
and and this is super proper I'm proud
if you can see inside there like look
how well everything some router another
glass is a little hard to see through
but my goodness you guys that I'm super
proud picked up that case today for a
really really low price I had to last
night both my monitors shut off and my
buddy Norman few shots Norman is telling
me that is probably an airflow issue so
this case will better suit that airflow
to my top fans were backwards actually
stuff so yeah that's that's where at
Colin is out here Matt's here drum
practice is happening in just a moment
honey what's the update on Britt what's
been awaiting closer but no baby yet
right we're like this close
would be any minute any day tonight okay
yeah so so yeah that's what I've been up
to today that was a chore I mean I'm
telling you I'm super proud of myself
for trying it we got everything in there
everything is properly done I mean it
looks beautiful
let me know in the comments how did I do
looks pretty solid that's the B and
that's to be they look like that
they look like that we could have money
B's me B's versus B well that's good
we're we're helping save the honeybee
population yeah okay let's have a look
so basically I noticed the other day
when these storms were coming through I
was out in the front porch there are a
lot of bees that were flying around our
front awning okay you see that little
hole you saw em fly they got to be
honeybees for real I wish I could get a
closer look
five just went out holes just standing
here there's so many going in and out
like that's a my hole up here could be
be a whole entire hive like this isn't
good it's not good I have a bee keeper
coming tomorrow to look in see if it's a
honeybee he can actually just pop the
siding off and take the the hive with
him he has four active chives right now
but he said he told me today if they're
getting in behind the siding then it's
probably more than likely Yellowjackets
which is not good he won't take peels
haha but get rid of them that's scary
man could you imagine if I found the
Browning there's so many of them like a
lot I hate bees like one of my biggest
phobias is a stinging insect because
when I was younger I got stung right
here on the eye I was like swinging on a
clothesline post or something stung
right in the eye by B and ever since
then I was like I've been definitely
definitely afraid of be the hate any
stinging insect
oh is this a honeybee well he's watch
him and see if he goes up there oh maybe
he will that would be a clue
right if he goes in what happened was
nobody wanted to cook for dinner
Veronica was like Tuesday you know yeah
listen we got a villain once again we
got to build another cat condo and let
me say this look I have never been well
I have been but sinned a while since
I've been crucified as much as I had in
the comments of the video where we
showed you guys those cute little
kitties and I want to say this we're
going to get classified yeah like a wild
night well here's the thing I know if I
spent the money to fix every cat that
these guys wanted to rescue every broken
bone broke man oak seriously I know the
importance of spaying 16 okay and we're
going to do we're going to do it for
flashy as you guys know if you're near
the channel flashes a cat that Carson
found stray cat that we decided to let
Carson keep I sign or let him take care
of her we found her outside and she so
happens to live at our house outside
only sometimes now like she we hadn't
seen it for months and then we see her
again and she had had kittens well you
guys made it very clear that we need to
get her picked so we're going to get
flashing picks but in the meantime we
got to take care of your kitten because
we just got to make sure they get raised
and we're going to help upon them good
home guys are going to help us right
right of course any cash that goes to
anyone
to a very rigorous screening process is
a 25 allocation process you got to fill
out and do it but anyways I'm just
rambling at this point we're building
another cat caddy kitty cat clubhouse
cat condominium I didn't realize that
veronika was such a duct-tape aficionado
engineer a haired subtype engineer
actually I'm really impressed right now
Veronica taking the duct-tape
engineering to a whole nother level
look at the floor and look at the lines
look at going it's all like it's all
ages hospitals for house hospitals no
gold on the ceiling name that band
I'm just matted with holy Steve nope I
guarantee nobody else illicitly
obligated you want a bad profit click on
the search it on YouTube she said so
this word a cat box goes so there's only
one entrance the cat box
yeah well this is like a farm realm
that's over here like a bedroom so you
cameras smell what a coup is over here
brother
the kids are already just the bedroom
over here listen playroom this in the
dining room inaudible well as the
captain's I really look at your new home
your new big giant home for now alright
kiddies wow that was loud Oh keep him oh
she's using the doorways already okay
cat hangout they all complete what
so we watch a movie it's a cheese Ice
Age
what's the name of this one collision
course that's I gots been super chill
around here lately especially as we
anticipate the arrival of a new family
member who should be here soon like
super soon I think we're all like come
on we want to meet this girl already and
you know we're talking about Rheneas
ready man she is so ready and we're so
excited to welcome a new member to the
family it's going to be so exciting so
based on what happens tonight will
dictate the outcome of this particular
transition oh whoa I stepped on it
that's honest Oh No
what's gone down actually that gives me
an epic idea for today what if we got a
bunch of water guns yeah right and we
had like a really big water fight
because as you know it's going to be
like 90 degrees today the only problem
is there's a very slim selection of
water pistols here all of which I'm sure
aren't of the best quality I don't
really see them working that well those
are kind of cool little balls that fill
up and throw that's kinda cool actually
and there's always these we still have a
pack of those too oh that's cool look at
that thank you
now you shoot water blue
that's actually really cool all right so
this is fun a pretty cool idea for
another video we're going to make a
video 10 ways to beat the summer heat
and it should all be about water and
different water things that we can do
that's actually a great idea we're going
to make that video and this will be the
first piece we're going to show you guys
how that thing works and some other
great ideas that they cool this summer
now get this video rap we can work in
time for our next video well feel on
walkies warm your coffee
yes you make it fluffy now all you
needed contact coalition a gallon of
room wine a gallon of glue yeah are you
well did you know that they make a
grapefruit twist Red Bull actually
that's pretty good what monkey what what
is it as your flower is missing its
watch so yeah time is getting away from
me today I want to get home and get this
video up for you guys you are actually
watching at some moments before edited
uploaded we actually have someone coming
later this evening to take a look at
that beat situation
super sketchy but I'll definitely keep
you guys posted on that and middlee I
spent probably much time on the phone
with my buddy Norman yesterday trying to
figure out and exchange this computer
cases the great learning experience for
me let me know down the comments let's
start a conversation like do you build
your own PC do you have PC are you Apple
or PC and what do you attempt to build
your own if you if you could do it it
was actually really fun like it's a very
big learning experience for me and I
think it turned out great let me know if
you liked what you saw the case looks
great and yeah that's pretty much where
we're going to leave you guys for today
I want to thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to hear right back
here
