what's up guys how you doin hagi don't
one today look I got the lint roller out
about to let it roll the baby she's like
come on as she crawled around on the
floor um she picks up all the freaking
cat hair and you don't ever see the dog
hair cuz it's black it's the cat hair
it's the white hair that sticks to
everything so we're gonna rent lint roll
the baby you regula my Liza right now so
this week so far we've spent a lot of
time here I've been working on quite a
few things big projects they're about to
be released I can't wait for you guys to
see if anyways Veronica is about to go
uptown and spend her gift cards which
she got for christmas and have lunch
with her girlfriend shopping you can go
shop I need out of this house yeah I
feel like you could do more exciting
things than me I'm gonna edit the vlog
from yesterday which you've already seen
i'm sure and i also need to leave the
house and go do some errands pay some
bills and all that stuff so i will catch
up with you guys a little bit you guys
have fun with ronca we're out and as
parents sometimes you come across these
predicaments that you get stuck in the
person i'm meeting Jennifer she's not
here yet but you know you put the baby
in the car and it turned out time
obviously so she pulls asleep
and then I get here and it's like do I
just sit here in the wait in the car let
her get a little more sleep the door I
wake her up and take her and we woke her
up she's having some fries so I've
gotten our food I've got this the mile I
get the mild boneless wings and cheese
and bacon fries Jennifer say hi she gets
what are those the parmesan garlic yep
and chips and salsa she has limited time
to be on lunch she only has an hour
so
you come eat fast and to chat go on a
merry little way no what's that that's a
pretty pretty all right guys now when we
got our bellies full um we are in my
most favorite store Hobby Lobby and as
you know I got a sewing machine for
Christmas which I'm ready to use but I
need obviously I need some fabric and
some other tools and utensils that are
needed for sewing so I'm looking around
here for that kind of stuff nan slices
dancing to the music so I'm in here and
I love this fabric just looking for
something I think the first thing I
let's start with is just a basic like
throw pillow simple enough but then it's
deciding what fabric you want I want
something to like kind of obviously
bring more color into the living room
just a little throw pillows for the
couch we've obviously got the yellow
walls and the 10 couch and the tan
carpet so
not sure no no this is tough this is
harder than I thought I love you I
decided that I'm going to just do some
blue in cream with the brown basics just
to start out until I get more
comfortable doing it and picking
extravagant patterns and stuff like that
so we've got the fabric I'm going to do
the front on this and then the back and
then I got the thread that we're going
to need the sewing machine i already
have this comes with the bobbins and
needles and all that stuff so let's get
this fabric cut i measured out we
actually need I got up back it up back
it up I'm going to do the actual insert
all that sixteen by sixteen sixty or the
18 let's do 18 because i already have
the measurements planned out for the day
to wait so you took another nap
I hate to wake her up again to go in the
shop oh I'll go shopping o Shah with mom
hey she did know I did one day a nap mom
so we've made it here to kohls yeah
shopping for some new clothes um was a
gift card i got for christmas hmm
zombies while you waka ah yeah video
buckled in little carts here coals and
still weird having a dyke down like look
I'm push it here and she's down here cuz
it's more like a stroller but I don't
get to see your pretty face brought a
blank in case you wanted to cuddle back
up with it it's just pretty happy hey
don't hold on before this yes but now
I'm looking at these boots and I really
really really like these for some reason
um I really wanted but I normally wear a
size 7 they don't have a seven tried
seven I have on too big too sloppy but I
tried the six and a half on and it fits
nice but i'm afraid if i put thick socks
on um you know like in the wintertime
when you wear thick socks with boots
give you a few warmer they won't fit as
well what's up guys Carson's in a bad
mood what's in a bad mood cuz we didn't
get him in a lunch box while we were out
today well what Mommy was out today I
went and paid bills and
cimetidine came home and Veronica
actually just got home Carson just got
off the bus to so welcome welcome home
we're going to get cleaned up and get
ready for this harrypotter harrypotter
Bertie Botts bean flavor challenge I
want to show you guys what I got today
while I was out I noticed while walking
to get the trash can the other day
there's a ton of animal minds in the
yard so I got this I got a pooper
scooper oh yeah you know when it comes
summer time I don't want to be walking
around in the grass back there and step
in these landmines and now we're working
on homework boys are home from school
before hey hi all right colon 1 Chomp
there's no Murphy has these little
stories that he has to read and answer
some questions about it yeah so he's
ready to me he's ready to call in now
he's gonna read it to change which he's
been in there blown his nose for the
past five minutes all right I'm ready
all right captain baby you don't put
that no stop running Carson laid their
story and then just hold this pendulum
inside my mouth I'm something gee who
you have to be right so blouberg got on
his skates and headed to the pond we got
out onto the ice fell down right away if
you would determine to learn he kept
trying wouldn't have to stay dogs learn
to skate my gosh to escape I keep
messing it up you did good job that's a
good story yeah good job that reminds me
of a little blue bird named carson who
stepped out onto the ice and fell down
with his ice skate walker and couldn't
get back up
that was the first time but he was
determined yeah now I know how to skate
no you know well not love thingy yeah
we'll get there are you guys ready for
the bean challenge yeah I'm not prepared
for this we've already done this once
with sentence one but Grammy Kathy
Branca step mom gave us these beans and
we can't just waste them but this should
be fun at least it'll be a fun challenge
video for you guys to watch so first
order of business we put the beans
inside of inside the bowl all right
we'll do that when we're actually when
i'm not blogging yeah yeah we can we
actually start the videos right yeah all
right we just finished the jelly bean
the Harry Potter jelly bean challenge
guys guess what very disgusting yellow
beads right what you kid I got a soap
wait make them watch it you can't give
it away they gotta watch the video so
now you say make sure you guys watch the
video to see what kind of jelly beans i
got watch it and see looking jelly bean
forgot yep perfect a good plug dude what
ready for dinner yeah yeah it's taco
time guys Tuesday wow it's Taco Time
taco thursday oh you sending a thank-you
letter for all our fans that sent us
mail thank you we appreciate it some of
the packages were sent from amazon
mm-hmm
and have the Amazon will print the gift
receipt in it hmm on one of the tags
they have a QR code you can scan that
cure code with the amazon app and send
back at thank you i'm going to know that
young boy if you get gift gift stuff
from Amazon you can send them thank you
sir thank you okay well it's dinner time
okay okay I'm better tongue great let's
go do that's what I'm talking about you
oh you're actually doing a taco mm-hmm
I'm gonna rock this out Bowl taco salad
boy from but you have a headache after
him sorry to make you get her bed hey
those are a little too big half of that
yeah totally gonna blow up these sumo
bouncer deals and have the kids do him
but mommy took our sin the bed he's I
wasn't feeling very good he had a really
bad headache and she took his
temperature and I was like 100-something
so hope he's not really sick oh I gotta
get this guy ready for bed this girl
ready for bed and then it's time for me
to go downstairs and shoot another video
this case here this failure tech 3-axis
gimbal case is a super dope case this is
guess I guess kind of a sneak preview
for what you guys can see on a review
channel but I mean this case is so dope
holds my gamble to go pros charger
remotes all that stuff and space below
for all the accessories I mean it's a
dope cakes I'm gonna get one like this
for the drone as well because like if I
travel with it there's no way no way I'm
gonna travel with my with my drone in
the in the box that it was sold to me
and that's just ridiculous it's been
some hours since I picked up the camera
look it's two o'clock in the morning I
just finished editing and uploading the
new review on that gimbal case start
here go check it out on my second
channel I'll leave a link in the
description we're gonna go right to
coffee now mmm ready for that and
Bucky's my new favorite mug right there
my license ready for hers mommy's oh i
was up till two in the morning producing
videos so like mommy when the alarms are
going off I pushed her out of my house
mommy you to take care of the kid and
you did great honey what calling mr.
boss oh here honey since you did so well
this morning I'm hoping you up was cup
of coffee okay I mean it for my sore
throat that's cuz you when you sleep all
night with your mouth like this that's
the worst oh I won't thank you guys
again if in case you missed the fan mail
video go back and watch it thank you
guys for the coffee cups they'll be used
more than you actually now okay okay
this is hair as the roles of reverse
this morning I am in charge of cooking
breakfast so we're gonna do that bacon
boy whoops not 50 seconds five minutes
maybe I'll check on you in a second and
we're gonna do eggs you know what I'm
there we go some eggs hot sauce and kiwi
and coffee that's a good breakfast it's
a good breakfast oh and bacon over there
making over there so I'm gonna go ahead
and eat breakfast and get my day started
however unfortunately it looks like I
really crappy rainy day outside it's
Friday so happy friday everyone also um
thank you all so much for your
your kind words about two years it's our
suit it's our full two years on youtube
so that's very exciting thank you all so
much for being here throughout this
journey we actually watched late last
night we watched a vlog from exactly one
year ago very different thank you guys
so much for that too celebration as
always appreciate each and every one
you're watching and I can't wait to see
you all right back here tomorrow
