baby Liza's up and I think I've
officially freaked her out watch we can
talk to her through this monitor Liza
baby Liza she was up walk like crawling
around and I did that and she just like
stopped and turned and looked around and
then very slowly laid back down like if
I put the covers over me it won't see me
huh what are you doing what's this
you're so happy mm-hmm check check check
check hello hello not very low
it's not right not at all how did you
even hear that how how'd you hear it you
just heard it up there before the boys
get home from school I have to go have
to go I have to go take care of this big
mountainous pile of cardboard look at
that that's from a Christmas and I had a
guy in the twitch streams win my old el
gato so I'm gonna ship that out as well
here we go to a common person that it
would look like I'm literally rolling
down town with trash in my car I mean it
is trash but it's recyclable we don't
have recycle that picks up in side of
the road I've seen like when we used to
live in Florida they had bins that you
would set out by the road recycle and
trash was separate but we don't have
that I need to figure out what I what I
can do with this couch that's still
sitting here I don't want it there
anymore i want to be able to pull my car
inside all these things all of them oh
man every time I Drive by there since
the other day I drove my car
and pj and scotty were with me and they
said that they think my transmission
slipping so in the honda man has lasted
me for a long long time i mean the
things got like I think it's got almost
like two huh it's 280,000 or almost
300,000 miles it's it's it's been driven
it's been driven a lot every time I
Drive by that that honda place I feel
like up I mean I'm not a I'm not a kind
of guy who wants to get like a big fancy
expensive car are just like I'd like a
car that gets me around I want I want
another honda really i would i would
like to get another honda they're
fantastic on gas i love my honda suppose
you had a newer one that doesn't give me
problems get out of my
this Christmas still affecting your
house
I got freakin soda on my gloves my other
chore to do in town was to send out this
al gato but I realized I never captured
your information so you who won I just
sent you a d DM on Twitter would you
please check that and then send me your
address so i can mail this to you what
is going on are you dancing to that Liza
oh is that your shield would you got
Liza that's how you keep the kids
entertained now with with pots and pans
too that's clever i clean it's keeping
them entertained that's clever that's
something all right I'm gonna be
upstairs you want to take over I know
it's really loud right now but it's a
fast forward we're back to the future
we're in the future know where the
future I just finished with the live
stream it's time for I'm for dinner we
got some classic fish sticks mac and
cheese corn are you ready or is it good
or what it wasn't me yeah my my shoes
rubbed the floor and made that sound
but okay listen we had dinner Eddie was
blowing up my phone like yo we'll send
us a new revision for the music like
this guy is on fire and I'm stoked how
stoked are you up here in the corner oh
really still can you see me my little
about your little right now because I'm
gonna go I'm listen I'm gonna give you
guys a little peek at our video it says
draft on the screen but that's because
like I didn't want people to rip it and
take it so I'm gonna give you guys
literally a couple seconds with Eddie in
here ready this is a couple seconds
ready Eddie you should be dancing the
whole time dance dance Eddie we're gonna
come to you we're gonna film with 4k
cameras all right that's enough that's
enough that's enough that's enough you
guys should be super pumped because this
thing is like right around the corner
breath where is it Eddie tell him it's
here is it I mean we're doing the music
the final touches well a guy Philly is
making our music he's amazing talented
and we'll working back and forth with
him and this is it is yo yes it's like
being pregnant for nine months and
finally you know that it's it's a boy
and it's coming okay all right bad
comparison excited great project and
it's our passion project is something we
really care about so you have ways
thanks for waiting I'm sorry for the
wait like a lil wayne would say but if
you know that that's okay it's gonna be
a fire it's gonna be fire
where's he gone bad night boys echoes
officially lost it hey she's lost it so
listen to a gif of that I want to see a
gift of that echo jeez you're calling a
rule good morning ha i set my alarm for
7am every morning but i keep waking of
like 736 which puts us behind schedule
for getting the boys ready for school so
we have to rush heat rushing but i
stayed up super late last night working
on hard work which is really cool mm-hmm
great for school cold yeah you cool you
should price up up your coat have a good
day love you mmm Carson getting down on
that cookie crisp boy sorry at the store
was that your favorite serum kind angel
okay is it your favorite yeah yeah
cookie crisps hmm I think my favorite
cereal would have to be I don't know I'm
gonna say cinnamon toast crunch my
favorite cereals simin toast crunch or
pops he's Corn Pops those are my
favorite that's a good question for
today all you Syria leaders out there
what was your favorite cereal
as a kid I'd be interested to know
stop hey that's a good singing dude nice
humming did we'll both in building a
bear coming I caught you humming on
camera you are so humming OH humming
looks like the what do the rock on horns
what's that rock on rock beside your
face not in front of it rock on yeah
perfect I love you have a good day I'll
see you after school k get ready for the
bean challenge the jelly bean challenge
all right later she's not feeling it
right now she didn't want about she just
wants to chill Oh echo I've never seen a
dog is so excited over a flippin
washcloth echo-y you chewing on
washcloth dude come on that's for
cleaning not for playing here here here
here take a bone there's a bone yeah
take the bone alright guys so this is my
morning you're gonna get the baby fed
nice little bottle I'm gonna get out of
the house today like we need to go I
need to go actually run some errands pay
some bills I want to pick up something
actually okay I'll show you I'll show
you tomorrow yeah so that's what I'm
gonna leave you guys for today I want to
thank you so much for watching hype is
real for legends of Awesome and I can't
wait to see all of you right back here
right back here same place tomorrow
