what's up guys welcome to our day well
my day up here in my room I've been
editing just finished yesterday's video
and it's time to get Carson off the bus
so let's say we start today's video like
we ended yesterday's by getting the kids
off the bus a big big girl what are you
doing are you eating lunch so cute it's
so bright yes here's Carson it's
cold out you guys it is so cold hey dude
you're on blue that's awesome
high-five for that maybe some high five
more more high fives yep even more what
yeah well done good job somebody else
and now he's on your right oh really
well that's bad well welcome home bud
let's get your homework done thank you
guys happy you're home - oh I need to
take that back to your mom's it's been
sitting on the floor her couple days
yeah
it's hers not ours right yeah let me
tell you guys about some developments
for today that's got me like super
pumped I've been working on things a lot
lately like computer work some legends
of awesome stuff website development and
in like was not fully giving it away
just yet part of like my website is is
like collaborating with other people
like building a team of creative
individuals I was working with my guide
today Patrick who's gonna be like in
charge of graphic design stuff who I
went to school with and I know he's
really really good and we were like
bouncing back and forth the idea like
one of the things that still had to be
produced or developed for legends of
Awesomeness the actual the what the logo
would look like in the intro sequence
for all of the videos and I just hadn't
seen it yet I still hadn't seen it like
what would that look like and like
talking and this is this is good
information for you guys to absorb like
when you when you like brainstorm and
develop ideas with other creative people
you you begin like you go in different
directions where by yourself you
couldn't go before I feel like I'm
talking 100 miles an hour but so
basically I was always explaining to him
this this cool way of filming that Eddie
had introduced to me and I was like well
maybe we maybe we come up with a way to
incorporate this method for the logo and
then it looks snapped and I saw it in my
head
legends of awesome the intro sequence
and the logo has been conceptualized
conceptualized it's been developed so
now all all that needs to happen is
actually like taking that idea and
actually putting it to work and putting
it on a computer screen and program to
the Photoshop whatever and then we need
to and then we need to animate it and
all that stuff so I have all the people
I need to do this stuff and I feel like
I just want to do it right now but
literally I've been it look it's 3:30
I've been on my computer all day long so
far editing vlogs and the review video
which you saw go up yesterday if you
didn't go check that out it's a review
of the polaroid cube nice little cool
little action camera oh look at you ham
and you're so cute yeah so the rest of
the day I am I'm taking off with the
kids and Veronica and we're gonna we're
gonna we're gonna do something right
yeah homework
oh that's right we have another
challenge I don't know posing a
challenge video yeah we could tip you
could take a gun play frisbee but check
this out
birdie is that how you say that Bertie
Botts Bertie Botts beans Harry Potter
beans yeah I'm sure you guys have seen
the bean boozled challenges and stuff
like that these are similar to those
there's the here's an example of the
flavours hey there's hold on there's
banana yummy
there's blueberry mmm there's booger
you're gonna need a booger one
there's hold on another nasty nasty one
would be rotten egg black pepper
sausage black pepper black pepper and me
and where black pepper I'm glad there's
even a vomit one in there are you gonna
eat the vomit one oh that's so gross
dude you hurry up with that we can go
outside and play with echo echo loves
playing with the frisbee Veronica's
discovered echo loves it don't kill him
you wanna go play frisbee huh echo sit I
know this I know that's the only place
you can really go you want to treat you
wanna treat echo you can't have that
yeah you can't have that you want to go
play with the ball frisbee shake your
head yes if you want to go okay okay
she's learning you see that honey she
shook her head yes watch echo you want
to go outside and play with the ball
okay all right play some frisbee
and she is fast he's digging this
Comerica good girl
that's a good girl there at okay she's
like come on dude come on dude
three good girl ready ready oh we've
ordered echo a new Kong frisbee the Kong
stuff for the pets are really like soft
so doesn't hurt her teeth
this thing's hard plastic so I feel like
it might hurt her teeth a little bit
she's doing well with it yeah she's
losing baby teeth like you are yeah look
thought we'd bring echo and to play with
bow for a minute this is what they do
non-stop echo be easy echo they're crazy
echo do you have a best friend Wabo oh
my gosh we better get out of here before
Nana flips out on you echo not the Nana
flips album yeah oh oh you want my glove
you like daddy's love mm-hmm
did you have fun girl who's you girl
yeah sit sit sit good girl
there's a good girl let go easy easy
good girl that's a good girl
man it's cold out but she's warm she's
like sweating almost good girl like oh
yeah she didn't want to stop she just
wanted to keep throwing that frisbee you
have a headache let me feel you you
don't feel warm hmm what could it be let
me see let me see your tongue stick your
tongue out no it's not that let me see
your eyeballs come here I gotta see your
eyeballs I gotta check if they're
dilated let me see that eyeball mmm
no you look pretty crazy that's about
normal
told you we'd ordered something what is
it we got one of those late-night
onesies that's not what I said we
ordered
there's what I said we ordered the call
flyer you know echo it's gonna let this
echo come here it's your own frisbee oh
look no she can't get it yeah
definitely not oh we thing about that
echo give it to her that's yours echo
this is what's for dinner
Bronx cookin a very delicious very
simple - spaghetti sauces cuz I don't
like she always likes to get ragu I'm
not a big fan of rag here at all it's a
local local pasta maker pasta sauce it's
good it's really good if you can get
your hands on this to try it I recommend
it you see why my favorite thing is
spicy so unfortunately you guys just
missed it Eliza took her first two steps
but the camera wasn't close enough to
grab and it just happened so quickly we
tried to get her to recreate it but she
she's had enough and we don't want to
push her because we want her to you know
want to be ease into it
currently the time is ten after nine the
boys behavior is well they're quite
where we wanted them to be to do the
Harry Potter jelly bean thing but we'll
save it we'll say that's not going
nowhere okay we'll try
yeah are you guys gonna do your homework
and you got to be good you know on your
best behavior and listening and all that
kind of stuff yeah so
unfortunately now it's bedtime so why
don't you tell our friends good night
person that is the face of this book
nothing I love scary movies
Veronica is not a big fan of scary
movies at all the kids are in bed I was
just browsing the new movie selection on
that's new out releases have you ever
heard of the visit
it looks pretty scree P we watch the
preview I'm about to rent and Moffat and
Veronica's gonna watch it too come on
you gotta watch it we should listen it's
good for you to watch scary movies it's
good for you to be scared sometimes it
is oh honey
my heart's racing I was scared
here's the deal
we woke up simulate not fully late but
simulate : end up missing his boss but
we were there I don't get it we were
there Carson
are you ready we're not gonna miss your
bus sir yep no sir that's 8:20 Carson
gets on the bus in third you have to
drive Holland there's not enough coffee
in the morning for this and it's for
reason out there have a great have a
great day dude I'll see you later
the Carson's off we gotta go take home
school and I figured since we're out
there really we'll stop by the post and
check for the fan mail a bunch you guys
asked if I've gotten anything yet and so
we'll see what we got in there maybe we
can do the fan mail video live have a
good day bud
I love you love you you should do it
now we can't open the door with the rock
that's no that's not good at this in the
back she's
601 that's all Gil who that one says
fragile a that must mean like it's from
France so last time I picked up meal we
had a couple boxes in a couple of
letters but I think now with these two
boxes in the boxes that we got last time
I think we have enough to do our fan
mail better yeah our fan mail video yeah
alright guys you know the drill that's
where we're gonna leave you guys for
today uh-huh it's time to finish this
video take shower breakfast you know all
those up hope you guys are having a good
week so far I know I am I can't wait
actually to get started today on an
actual design like I'm making the
legends of awesome logo and interest
sequence I need a little help with the
intro sequence but the actual logo is
gonna be born today it's like it's
awesome all right guys that's where I'm
gonna leave you for today thank you so
much for watching
and I can't wait to see all of you right
back here tomorrow
