you guys would you look at this it's
snowing it's just I'm pretty good too
it's awesome
that is awesome welcome guys how are you
doing today we're just kind of hanging
out chillaxing I'm about to go down in
the basement and shoot number two videos
for today and I came downstairs and it's
like it's snowing I'm feeling super
productive today even had my buddy AJ
show up he was like hey I was like
what's up I'm just down here filming he
watched me shoot this whole thing was it
funny or what tell me the outtakes
aren't the best yeah like if I put a
video together of only me messing up
that means there's a lot of cursing
involved we're done down here for today
now we need to edit look who's home
hyemi year would you get me for dinner
where's my kid maggot cheese and green
beans really handsome picked yeah let's
see him out there that guy hey did you
see a snow in earlier yeah dude it was
snowing so crazy
I was excited it's like the first the
first like snow it didn't even stick
it's awful but yeah oh I need to get
that tree out of here in that one - how
was your first day back at school it was
awesome what'd you do
normal things normal school things
Christmas party last year that's how I
get I had I had to wear my PJs yeah well
that's cool
it sucks you're back to homework now huh
more homework how was your first day
back in school yeah did you learn
anything new this today we learned about
shapes and we do like rectangles stuff
like like geometry all right no geometry
is shapes and stuff
what shapes and sizes we didn't do that
this book you trying to read this Disney
book oh yeah how's your tooth oh I know
but how does it feel does it feel better
than it's out yeah that's bb-8 dude
we're showing off the boys at school
Christmas toys to AJ and we're about to
pull out overdrive again just because
it's fun but we're trying to get
Carson's homework done Sam you can play
too
yeah all right so we're setting up the
track this thing is so dope dude I'm
trying to do a different configuration
than we did last time which was a
different configuration from the first
time we set it up and it's actually very
easy because these things are just look
they just magnetized well they're just
magnet together
so I'm trying to figure out how this
works that seems to seems to be pretty
solid so we'll do the same thing here
put this guy here ha ha ha oh it barely
fits why is that we need like a Oh boom
there it is just a little tweak in nice
look at that oh wait did you say the
starting thing was underneath here ok
we'll switch that out for one of those
I'll show you how this thing looks I
don't think I did a proper introduction
to this thing when we first dinner so
we've all downloaded the app you got the
affright work i'll show you how this
thing it all works they're doing Rock
Paper Scissors for who gets what car
they both have a favorite these cars are
there loaded with sensors I don't know
exactly what they do but they grip to
the track with nothing but like sensors
alright so you set them on here of
course you have to charge them you fire
up the app are you gonna host it all
right Colin all on his app Hilo's hosts
the race and then we have to go and join
them so you launch the app wait come
here AJ
I'll help you through this so yeah like
he said open play you're already hosting
okay so you had join a friend are you
talking me yeah the first time you use
the app it like checks your sound sounds
good get started put the supercars on
the charger skip car set up I'm a new
driver okay put in your name AJ and your
birthday
he still has to set up his driver what's
gonna happen is once we start the game
Collin will pick if it's a like a death
match which you should just do that a
battle the cars will start from there
and they'll slowly go around the track
and it'll be like scanning the track and
then when it's when they ready they'll
park a right back where they are and
then the race will begin and it's it's
just so cool because like you can
control the speed and you have two
weapons ones like a plasma cannon the
others like a special weapon are you
ready
continue open play ok so this is what
happens when you first open it - it
shows you that if you tilt your phone
you can switch lanes ok ok and then
there's your weapons on the sides use
your special item tap and hold bottom
button to activate a special item
special items like this tractor beam
will slow down opponents so you're using
those weapons to try and and your energy
you'll see in the middle when your
energy drains you don't have your
weapons so join a friend call and we'll
add you now you gotta pick your car
okay my vehicle what I knew it I'll be
skull AJ looks like you're gonna be big
bang ready get ready guys you ready okay
the cars are on the track and they're
gonna take off
oh that guy's confused yep they're
they're learning the track right now
okay yeah it's so cool all right now
we're ready to race and you shot a race
two one
and you can feel it your phone will
vibrate when you get hit you'll slow
down I'm just gonna start shooting from
wider I won I got that was a battle and
you have to play until you reach like 15
points you disabled with each or any
other player 15 times so we got to 15
points and yeah it's time for a new race
Colin you have to stay ready you gotta
go continue I'm gonna say it right now
this is the best most fun racing game I
just want to do a normal race and this
is not a paid video or a sponsorship at
all this this just happens to be the
coolest toy I think oh that's that's one
too many does but you're getting there
big girl
say dad say dead why look what kind of
longer hairs get on the back
look at this I don't know if you can
tell but it's definitely growing just
not up here where's her hair honey yeah
where you been puppy dogs Oh echo you're
getting so big yeah you're getting so
big dude again : she's some fun fun line
the echo it's family playtime right now
where are you going Liza
so we have to take a timeout for laundry
dishes and some Star Wars this is
actually Return of the Jedi
so good the boys are definitely getting
way into it I think we may have some
Star Wars junkies on hands but that's
okay with me
however it's bedtime so come on guys
let's go quit hanging around I'm gonna
get you oh goodness she's watching The
Bachelor I just ran out of battery on my
computer I got some editing done for the
video I shot today email sent out we had
some preliminary orders for my my store
that I'm hopefully going to launch my
new website later this week so make sure
you guys keep an eye out for that
announcement we've been putting a lot of
work into this and I'll tell you more
about it when it comes when it's ready
to launch
Eddie's sending me some more collateral
tonight and yeah I just been grinding it
tonight feels good so we're gonna I'm
gonna go to sleep actually we're gonna
fire up this coffee pot in just just a
second mmm I may have put a little more
creamer in there than I usually do but
coffee's coffee man when you need it in
the morning as bad as I do
mmm it's good
pretty much anyway oh boy look at that
eighteen nineteen degrees
that's cold Colin
that's cold Khalid Colin that's cold I
know my son love you have a fantastic
day I forgot the camera inside what took
Carson to the bus I was in a rush I had
to leave like quick cuz he was dragging
his feet anyways
yo so something cool happened last night
after I kind of transitioned to the
morning shot Eddie called me we got in
touch with our music guy he's like ready
to ready to give us a track today
hopefully a rough track and then as long
as we like it he's gonna be called
sprinkle it up for two for tomorrow and
we might be able to release the trailer
this week first oh we're gonna we're
gonna do our best to make that happen
and I'm telling you you guys who've been
like fully onboard with legends of
awesome from day one from the first
mention you guys are gonna be so proud I
promise there's a lot of you that doubt
us because it's taking so long
but I promise you good things come to
those who wait that's pre-show we've
been putting a lot of work into this
website development all kinds of
different things just creating all the
assets so when it's time to actually
launch it we have all the things we need
to do we just need to leave film these
people and just make awesome videos and
we've already got everything together so
I'm pretty excited so Monday was an
awesome day for me I hope it was equally
as awesome for you and you did exactly
like I said and put your first foot
forward towards completing your goals of
2006 8 mmm
so I'm gonna finish my pot of coffee
walked up here have a little breakfast
take showers
and yeah that's all I got for you guys
today thank you so much for watching
can't wait to see you all right back
here
