what's up guys welcome to the gilroy
house you see that tree right there
seasons have passed time for it to go
what are you gonna do you want to what
what until I open the show oh yeah yeah
wait you want to get a picture in front
of the tree I thought you already did
that no I did you did oh well get it I
guess Colin wants one more family
picture before we take it down you like
it there you go yeah so with this tree I
actually didn't water it since I put it
back after we did yeah Christmas elf on
the shelf fire prank and like you can
see these needles are kind of brown
looking and if you just kind of tug on
them a little bit oh that is this thing
is like it's dead dead so um yeah we're
gonna have millions and millions of
needles fall off the tree everyone say
goodbye to the Christmas tree goodbye
Christmas tree ground to take it over to
uncle josh's surgeon with all that makes
me dizzy can't play they can't fire dude
you can let that came with one hand the
by Christmas trees the wet is it hmm
sorry I'm gonna have to sweep anyways
just throw it out I gotta do it bottom
first or else it's gonna be crazy
really dad loved these pine needles
there's a ton of the oval you're
cleaning all this up ah you're gonna
help me eight-year mess you clean up
look at this insanity look at all these
needles that's insane oh there's a
little witness their day that's crazy
well Christmas tree it was nice having
you but now it's time to get the rest of
our space organized Tony you that's on
you oh yeah yeah yeah the DVD case yeah
over here well you can't have it all I
need to finish this actually because I
have online little skype session hooked
up with my boy James James and Holly I
think that looks okay oh I wish we had
something else to go on the other side
but I don't know we need a different
cabinet here's what we need to do we
need to get rid of this and this and
find a cabinet that can hold our stuff
on top and the dvds underneath like you
know you know like a cabinet type deal
yeah okay have fun with that I'm on with
James are you guys I want you to say hi
to a long lost friend it's been quite
some time I know you guys miss him cuz I
sure the heck do visit james old chap oh
we miss you dude we do i miss you my
family i miss all of the Gilroy's my
house hasn't been the same since you
left there's probably still AG do dreams
much down the hall you may have saw we
got a new fridge right yeah well behind
the old fridge was egg I'm not joking
dude there was egg back there
oh is that a clean up James and I are
sitting here talking about um one
Holly's got an al gato now and she's
gonna start streaming hopefully so we're
trying to get her all set up with
streaming and to James tell them what's
gonna happen here here before summer
hits we allowed to announce it I think
it's okay yeah yeah what we are
hopefully gonna be hooking back up in
America oh and me Gilroy and a few other
people I don't be working on the awesome
legends of Awesome yeah oh yes yes yes
just so of course James with his
incredible talents behind the camera and
as now a producer dude which
congratulations you've been doing a lot
of directing and producing for what is
it the gadget know which is yeah like a
gadget TV program on channel 5 here in
the UK so I basically I'm one of the
directors on a now so I kind of film a
sort of a ten-minute section of the show
which is every week and I basically film
internet stars so famous youtubers and
famous internet people so do another
song can on the new series which starts
mid-february time or something so I'm
proud dude excited thank you very much
I'm proud make sure you guys you guys
should stay in touch with James and a
lot of you have how many people do you
still get people coming from my channel
to see you I'm sure the gladiators
coming over and give me well wishes
which is amazing so yeah everyone is
came over is just incredible and thank
you very appreciative that's good is it
now James James and Holly very good
friends of mine if you haven't already
go subscribe because James and Holly
will be coming to see us and to work
with us and to help you know get legends
of awesome out there and so we're
talking about like a a tour of sorts
where we line up you know a certain
number of people to go film and we hop
in a van and we go film them and we have
like the most epic
time I can I can't describe how excited
I am for this this is like I know I'm
getting all shaky right now just
thinking about it tell the gladiators
goodbye I have to get to my livestream
James old chap catching up against uh
yes man smooches mean all right so
Veronica just brought me up dinner
actually this is dinner I'm ending the
live stream right now everyone in the
comments section is doing like a
last-minute Q&A all you guys are so
awesome thank you for coming to the live
stream give yourself some blog lob some
shout out love in the comments section
yay the fourth vlog lbn and all these
guys constantly come to the chat to hang
out and watch the live streams I wish
you would to make sure that if you
missed tonight you come and join us
every wednesday and sunday at five pm
eastern because we have a heck of a lot
of fun right here right there in our
live stream and get out girl Colin just
got out of the shower and said dad I
pulled my tooth you really pulled your
own tooth oh my goodness hanging by a
super-thin right let me see I was like a
grapple oh look up look up holy goodness
okay you did it good job dude what I
found yeah he's really just wearing it
out um that's wow really last time we
had to like wrestle with him to get a
tooth out and he just literally pulled
his own teeth OH Eliza's eating dog food
John Keenan poured out was good
was he fought at all Liza did you pull
your teeth out new you deny you don't
have no peace hey boys tomorrow's your
first day back to school excited or sad
it's sad like super super super super
super super can't wait to see Evan super
duper excited okay i'm julian super
close to new super close friends well
I'm excited for you I'm glad you're
happy I won't you hop back up there and
to your bed bed sleeping area and about
you tell everyone goodnight person cool
person nah oh it's flippin to am I fell
asleep on the couch that's let's get the
morning oh man we made it but barely I
love you have a good day at school wow
we got breakfast and lunches packed and
dress and all that stuff and get to the
bus stop just as the bus is pulling it
up number two let's get it today is
Monday you guys in Monday this is our
first official well my first official
work day of the new year and I'm fixed
to kill it no all my girls from ready to
just destroy today I get the kids off to
school take a shower
and I'm going to I'm going to film
videos i'm going to edit videos when
upload videos I'm going to answer emails
i'm gonna schedule stuff here put foot
well carson did you have a wonderful
christmas break but you better too darn
good better sounds dead yeah oh look
there's your bus I love you enjoy your
monday okay alright guys so i had to
hurry a quick pass to take the trash to
the rig Monday's is trash day and they
used to come like at six in the morning
but now they come out like 10-11 so i
don't have to take it down sunday night
i take it down the morning oh but yeah
we get cleaned up have a little bit of
breakfast take a shower the girls are
still asleep actually get my day going
hope you guys are willing to tackle the
day and start your 2016 off the right
way on the right foot moving forward
towards progress and trying to complete
and accomplish your goals that's exactly
what I'm doing today so back thank you
guys all so much for watching and I
can't wait to see each and every one of
you right back here tomorrow
