what's up guys welcome to today it's
currently the second day of January
thank you we're gonna take this man out
to my brothers and fire off a few rounds
because I feel like that's what you
should do at the beginning of the year
we didn't like celebrate our
independence as men sorry I look side
there but anyway yeah we're gonna go to
my brother's a shoot and have fun then
it's my sister's birthday come on
hey blue buddy my god he's big now dude
holy cow whoo you're getting big so much
bigger than Eko already I wanted to come
by and see old Scotty Scotty nice I
haven't seen you this whole year bud you
know it's been so long I know dude like
I feel like a bad friend but now I'm
here this is the new year we're here in
the new year it's the new year and we're
here
Blaze's here where's your coat boy holy
cow so Scotty got new tires for his
four-wheeler oh I want to see the new
ones let's see them oh that's awesome
holy cow
where did you just try to cut it off
yeah me and Jimmy were bored at work
didn't have anything to do so we're just
that's full of can't name it's got like
wires in here yeah talk to Scott Ian to
come and width are you gonna drive
that's fine
corporal for all of us to be squeezing
in on Oh
it's up to you look Jake I need a drink
look this is Josh's new gun you got for
Christmas looking at it shining 17 HMR
right lever-action know what Henry
repeater it's nice man all right we're
gonna shoot it that blue barrel right
there
and honestly we we don't have an
incredible amount of time because it's
Sean's birthday and we're just gonna
have fun shoot some rounds real quick
got the zombie twice and my target twice
and killed the bottle and the can on top
I really like that gun and check this
out these I'm using these gloves
Veronica got me for Christmas even the
thumbs come out I can't get it out there
yeah she got me these gloves so I could
fly the drone when it's going to come in
pretty handy for shooting - look at that
all right so it's definitely cold oh so
we're done shooting we shot two boxes of
shells
it's Shauna's birthday today and my
parents are having like birthday party
for her cake and ice cream all that's
done so we got to go to that and get
warm you guys want to go yeah we're
gonna strip or you're gonna strip my
grandmama probably like that
just as we did on dude
where's grandma grandpa hi hi how do you
like your new looks nice and I like the
bench
look at that light that's pretty sweet
light like what 489 the ultimate test
yeah you don't get sucked into it we're
all mad here all right all right
oh wait I'll be patient okay ever good
is it time for tacos news don't want
tacos this time photographer mom I don't
know honey is the term tacos Shauna this
time tacos come on toddler time it's not
even Tuesday it should be talk of time
let's talk of time when to choose a
Tuesday doctor I'm feeling really frisky
today I don't know what but you know
what
tacos I'm excited for but look at this
right here
this cake you know some red velvet cake
yeah that looks good my goodness oh my
gosh oh my gosh
Jose how you roll Sheldon I don't know
you don't know I don't come on you gotta
close there there you go you're onto
something there you go oh oh man be
careful I'm already right there yeah my
goodness
okay thanks honey mom I'm loving your
table by the way this this is what weird
it's it's it's like super weird but I
think it works just cool enough to be
awesome
you know and the bench you pick poor
people over there
what's wrong Wow Sean I want to well
today chimes birthday party Sean's
birthday is the 30th what is it like
having a birthday so close to Christmas
sucks why is it because you don't get
high so because people like kind of
group your birthday presents
did you also know that this is a leap
year yes right February 29th
only happens on this this particular
year for years and I heard that it's
kind of like normal for the girls to
flip the script on the dudes and the
girls are supposed to propose to the
dudes on that aggeridge why not if
you're not married yet and you're a girl
and you're suppose that is like so 80s
for sure look at my hair dude it's like
puffed up oh my god okay I don't think
I've ever shown you a picture this is
Amanda back when she was doing
chemotherapy my little sister Amanda had
cancer guys she beat it
she beat that cancer she did remember
downs like this breaking there's a man
that after cancer man beautiful all her
hair back like a champion here I'll show
you this one I'll show you guys one more
okay well there's that picture and
there's that picture and that picture
the sweater yeah yes yeah we've gotten
like sweater do I look here at this
picture minute look at this picture I
got the wave dude yeah Josh was a junkie
but he sure was Josh was a chunky but
look at that one is that back when I I
had the wave dude look a bugle boy sure
dude that's one that was cold I know I
just have these awards are members only
yes balding kids yeah they're sparklers
she's gonna blow mountains they're
already doing it let's go okay but you
did it not me
here we go
I think you good really you're supposed
to use those the first year you get them
I was definitely feeling cake tonight
chocolate chocolate in red velvet say
you want chocolate and ice oh yeah tell
them bye Liza tell Silas bye
it's her best friend Eliza's best baby
friend at Silas right there they love
each other
snow your socks smell em get out of my
face
thanks for dinner hi Scottie see ya
so we're sitting the Scotties was
hanging out talking and I've been
messing with this thing for the longest
time and I can't I'm so close I made it
to just having one white left someone
needs to explain this so show me how
this works so I can solve it in 30
seconds cuz that would be impressive
I just want to solve a period once you
figure out a solvent then you then you
get fast at it solve it I want to see
this because I can get it by blaze hi
Blaine Scott and Lindsay as always love
you look how crazy our living room looks
holy moly boys nice PJ's personally hey
were you gonna tell everyone good night
cuz I'm everyone missed you guys last
night yeah your phone did you say good
night night Carson good night Carson I
called you Carson no I know buddy
good night and just like that is morning
morning that's your second
I woke up this morning and there was not
a single grain of coffee anywhere in the
house so took me a while to get started
I want to leave you guys with a question
yesterday was my sister's birthday right
and it came very close to Christmas
well it wasn't her birthday it was her
birthday party actual birthday came very
close to Christmas so for those of you
who have birthdays right up next town
holidays what's your take on that let us
know in the comments do you like it or
do you hate it I feel like some people's
birthdays soon fall close to holidays
everyone who gets them presents like
wraps them all together you know this is
your Christmas / birthday present
alright guys that's where we're gonna
leave you for today thank you so much
for watching and we can't wait to see
all of you
right back here
