hello friends welcome to the first day
of 2016 I hope you guys are starting the
year off right we're gonna do something
today that actually I've never done
Carson's never done pollen has done
before and I believe mommy's done it
yeah mom did Mommy has a dead you're
never gone what we're going ice-skating
unfortunately it'll be really difficult
for us to ice skate with baby Eliza I
mean all at the same time but Amanda
wants to take her for the day and we'll
go pick her up in a little while but
mm-hm baby lies is going to hang out
somewhere else what would be in the vlog
degas imma spend the night at Noah's
you're in the vlog right now I know but
I'm not gonna be here for the rest for a
while because I've got a nose okay well
that's fun we're gonna play off my
precious oh yeah I don't know how the
creeper is that's alright that's cool
I'm pretty sure everyone will understand
yeah here we are guys look at the sky
today it looks exceptionally blue I've
been waiting for this it has been
literally honey laude and awful for the
past since Christmas all right
so it's good to have Sun up and go
figure we're going to indoor arena we
have to swap in our shoes this guy's
about to take my shoes I was like wait
what's happening don't smell them they
may smell bad all right you like coffee
your regular do you know I don't know
I've never ice skated before it's my
first time I swear what do you suggest
I mean hockey sounds more awesome right
well I'm gonna give you a regular start
with now the topic if that catches on
the ice and causes you trouble then
you'll come back for hockey okay a
little more curved so for beginners we
usually start here okay let's go a size
lower than you're used to wearing cuz
you want it really tight okay put all
the way up to the top what do you think
boys are you ready for this
Colin you did this not long ago right
right
hello are you there Carson person you've
never done this all right yeah you might
need a bar dude
it's cold in there it is cold in there I
got to put this stuff somewhere hold on
come on Carson nice
you're gonna cut it what does that mean
oh okay
yeah true
here bud get your foot back under you so
we got on for like three minutes and he
goes everyone there there cutting or
shaving the ice so it's all nice and
smooth they're cleaning the ice yeah
Carson already had a bail which was good
he's like I know you made it that only
that far
I do save the camera maybe you should
just hold on to the wall
and off
this is dangerous better quality and
good callin good with me oh he's getting
brave
Oh
Collin go along the outside with me
it's me
this is
I'm trying to learn how to do the hockey
stop you need to board on the skate
first I know look at this guy he's like
he's like come on
good to keep my feet under me good job
I don't know what happened the chase is
on the eye
I want to do the sliding stuff that's
what I want
they need we need
we learn how to eat better first
what no guys
come on honey
all right put your foot on there you go
there you go you got it it's like whoa
it's like rollerblading but it's
different nice and now that ice is
getting really cut up again
yeah it is hey Colin Colin just gave up
his little whatever that thing is for
Carson you having fun ice skating bud
yeah show me what you got
that's awesome yeah
yeah check this out I'm testing a hold
on buddy I'm testing a new camera and
actually camera
this Polaroid cube up here
just sitting there chillin this thing is
magnetic but these rails are aluminum so
it doesn't stick
just trying to see what the quality is
it shoots 1086 T frames which is
well yeah I'm going to do a full review
on it on the review channel so we're
getting that be Rochelle study of the
skin he said was that lame wait wait was
that lame come here
are you guys having fun yeah here comes
that was cool
awesome this is really fun the kids are
really annoying
long exist
and actually I'm getting a little better
two more I'm able to pick up a lot more
speed
Oh
you want a race
this is trying really hard to do this
soft so he's having a little cheat guard
try and teach it
try again honey try again did you get
your stuff
Galaga
person's ready to go didn't get all
right you ready he's done he's ready to
go yeah did I do good for a first time
ice skater ever yeah oh my god yep
this is so much better who are you HOT
hey cuz it's soaking wet you are you can
see like your shirt all wet I didn't get
the stop you didn't get the sound hard
and tried whoa we have all winter and
even through the summer they really yeah
we can come mighty columns all sweaty -
how was it Colin good dude you did
awesome job person that's going don't
leave me hanging I think Colin could be
a hockey player there will be a hockey
player
when I eat meat slice oh yeah in
practice but you're doing pretty good
out there oh the dogs barking all right
so Veronica dropped me off at home I
actually need to edit the vlog she the
boys are gonna stay the night over there
at Amanda's and Eliza's come home I
don't know what we should do tonight but
I kind of want to do something since we
didn't go out or anything last night
skip forward a little while
what Veronica's home hi honey I missed
you
mmm she's stuffing her face with our
traditional New Year's Day dinner every
year Veronica makes pork which this is
pork chops she usually does a roast with
corn rolls sauerkraut and potatoes what
is it you it's good luck to have pork
and sauerkraut on new year okay so
that's why I'm not a big fan of pork but
every near every year on New Year's I
eat it because it must be a buck all the
dinner cleaned up pots and pans washed
worst
do you say worst Wharf
washed or anyway lies is having her
bedtime bottle I think we might just
relax the rest of the night watch a
movie look at Dallas brother he should
be back also he came in real quick and
dropped off all these movies here star
wars returned the Jedi Empire Strikes
Back new hope I'm sure what that is all
Revenge of the Sith attack of the clones
in two minutes
I felt like I was so inspired when we
watched the new Star Wars that I wanted
to watch all the old ones back-to-back
and then maybe go see the new one
again such a good awesome series
yes good morning time for coffee and
sausage and eggs and eggs and sausage
and Veronica mm-hmm oh and bacon and
bacon you guys always say I show you
that we cook it on that but you know
what there's no other way in my opinion
it really isn't I'm telling you once you
try it you're be like this is so much
better than cooking it on the stove but
baby lies was super excited to have last
night all to herself I wish I could say
it was quiet but it wasn't she's
teething right now so she's very cranky
in the evening Elijah tell me tell me so
I've got some breakfast coffee that's
awesome I think that's what we're gonna
leave you guys for today no maybe a kind
of a short vlog but yesterday was fun my
very first time ever
ice skating ever I did quite well I
think
yeah today I think I'm going to gather
up PJ and Josh and we might go shooting
some guns maybe I'm also going to shoot
a couple videos for the review channel
start the year out strong so Monday I'm
looking to do an upload on my review
channel keep an eye out for that and
also make sure don't miss out on our
live stream this Sunday at 5 p.m.
Eastern always have a lot of fun with
you guys on Twitch so make sure you join
us you know lies we'll be there
alright guys that's gonna do it for us
today thank you so much for watching we
can't wait to see all of you right back
here tomorrow
