their be here by 7:00 o'clock rounds
you're fired
grandma oh yeah what's up guys welcome
to our New Year's Eve happy new years to
you it's New Years Eve currently but by
the time you're watching it's already
New Year's Day cars' is trying to get my
mom to come over and party
you see we're having like a super
low-key New Year's Eve party uh with
just us
the reason is Veronica just got over
being really really sick really sick
yeah and so she wanted absolutely no
part in drinking anything but water okay
he's got dough in here for homemade
pizzas I hope work yeah we're putting
more than just cheese on there
I got pepperoni mushroom and there's
banana peppers all okay that's fine
that's perfect yeah so we're making
homemade pizzas we've got light-up
believes we're gonna blow up these cool
balloons right we've got a ton of
poppers and whatnot we're gonna play
games work on a shout at the mood well I
can see the red
Oh Ruby our floats yeah I said we're at
we're ringing in the New Year with the
kids which we've never done we have
never done are you serious let's not
disappoint you
Vicky and Jay are also doing some New
Year's Eve celebration so we're gonna go
over there at some point and the boys
got silly-string for Christmas
we're gonna go bombard Vicky laughter
she's been drinking which silly string
oh yeah who's dreaming pizza Hey
let's go wash hands
look I've got all the stuff ready for
the pizzas your guys's little individual
pizzas with the cheese and your
mushrooms and your pepperonis you have
to wash your hands first like me and
then they race their goals are more
London those are big mushrooms okay do
you guys want some of this Parmesan
cheese on sprinkled on at first no yes
okay it's good already good Carson get
used some cheese guys I'm doing this
very efficiently okay yeah yeah I think
Bell Fred you got to get all your
mushrooms spread out first ha ha ha oh
my god giant boys's pizza's ready
cheese in mushroom that's all you want
eating there just eating the mushrooms I
always have to buy like two big cans of
mushrooms just for us because the boys
will sit here and eat half of a can and
we need leftovers for the actual pizza
well that pizza Ness is happening
I've got a cool fun game set up one that
some of you may be able to relate to
we've got ourselves a little friendly
game of mini beer pong that's right and
we're not gonna just use any beer oh no
we're going to use the best beer really
yeah oh yeah we're getting crunk tonight
boys this New Year's that's right
hit the rock hit the rock here we go
that walk um you know I'm just
oh he's on the drive I hit that rock oh
my gosh
you dropped into pizzas I did not you
did it's there I can't see it improve it
I can prove it I can play back the
footage Oh see the pizza right there you
didn't get it
mm-hmm oh wow you can let's see hold on
you can almost see in the dark guys eyes
are what is that what is that Liza hmm
get it daddy I was fascinated with these
balloons what is it girl look at that
over tanana's for a heated game perfect
go fish go face Colin are you winning a
six sides
that was a quick game I hope you have a
happy new year we'll see you later are
you guys know we'll see you later okay
yeah we're gonna be here all night okay
ray Liza
look at her that's come out you're gonna
go on I got a hand or two yes oh it's
nice out there yeah okay
it's beer-pong time oh yeah root beer
pole root beer thanks you ain't never
seen a root beer pong before oh I never
have haha I never played it now that's
how you celebrate New Year's Eve which
chillin hmm
Katherine's y'all want to get white girl
wasted on root please take it it's good
those are good yeah it's good okay it's
good to do so we've got the cut the
we've got the root beer in separate cups
so that we were not tossing these little
balls and I'll end up sticking
everywhere
there's they found the floor and there's
dumb hair cat hair it's not in our
drinks so who's up who's teams me and
Colin
Percy you and Carson oh yeah kids versus
parents oh this is about to be Sheldon
video all right boys
are you ready for some New Year's Eve
beer pong yeah let's get it if we were
actually playing beer pong the dudes
would be yeah good they've already gone
through your party fell through two
glasses of repeat
well half boxes here we beat the kids at
a nice friendly PG round of root beer
pong now we're gonna skip to another
game uno attack we're just keeping this
night alive we found out last night that
the boys struggled to stay awake awake
actually Carson was awake till 12:00 but
Collin fell asleep so we're trying to
keep their minds occupied to make sure
they stay up to see the ball draw are
you guys gonna make it are you feeling
tired or what not tired Colin how about
you oh really I can't go to sleep okay
it takes three C batteries that's so
dumb C batteries are the most ridiculous
science weapon and take six double-a
right yeah cuz we have like a million of
those but who has C batteries laying
around
I know we can do and this game requires
no batteries at all play the regular
Ginga no let's play Jenga Jenga Ginga is
fun yeah ken gets fun boy
Carson you've never played Jenga you
have to find a few yes I have you know
you have the beach okay you have to
slide a piece out yep when it's your
turn you find a piece and slide it out
without toppling the whole tower you
have to put it back on the top this will
be interesting with nem leaning on the
table and the dog passed underneath a
lean on the table come on mommy
whoa you guys should be sitting
how is this impossible it's like whoa
tell you a lot hope sector I'll tell you
what it ain't going much longer okay
that's for sure one fraud problem put
that down pay attention to the block
attention this one on this one up here I
know
okay Carson get it Carson stack it up
still oh the table is going boys oh my
gosh this is not you can't even fit it
all in the frame now I bet it's the last
one you think about ever yeah you have
to you have to get one up high we're
running out of blocks no it's got to be
this one I'm gonna be this one right
here oh my god how did you do that this
is the very last one come on Colin you
can do this
oh oh timer dings oh my gosh
on there how you're supposed to alright
so we're gonna finish out our special
New Year's Eve treats with some good
old-fashioned root beer floats got some
creamy ice cream in there hey wash it
this is my favorite part
yummy pizza flavor the fizz check it out
why does that happen anyways why does it
fizz so bad when you put a beer overtop
of like ice cream we think boys your cup
person and like a snacky here are you
guys having a cold New Year's Eve party
or what
we probably could have done something a
little more exciting but like you said
earlier this is the first year it's kind
of weird
Colin to eight and this is our first New
Year's Eve with kids every year we go
out and we party hard like this is a
very stark contrast from last year where
we went out and I partied too hard and I
was someone over the next day okay I
deleted the entire vlog so um yeah a bit
different from last year
: doesn't want to do this huh now are
you sure : you want to sleep dude oh man
is so close
no Carson's still up get ready
say Happy New Year in the series first
we're going to Nana so we can be loud
and yell Happy New Year no listen we've
fashioned
ourselves up like a super hi-tech
monitor just in case the baby wakes up
which she probably won't with my
cellphone is up in her room her phones
on mute so it's called on speakers that
we can still hear called sleep on the
couch alright let's go do this real
quick
it's almost time you guys it's so close
so close I can't wait for the new year
what are you oh come on Carson okay okay
okay okay
all right it's hereditary good job
person five four three two one
Happy New Year Happy New Year guys oh
the screen froze he's done blew up oh
man that's not good
oh my god Happy New Year Gladiators was
so glad to celebrate right here with you
and Veronica and Nana - Oh Nana's
covered
oh poor Bobo's freaked out about the
little explosion we out of here
oh are you still freaking a geek in here
cook whoa you okay buddy it's okay bo oh
this guy he don't like fireworks
it's okay Bobo you only need a tree he's
taking it droppeth here hey mommy - hey
Yuri dude you did Carson oh he's good
now okay love another mama
it's 2016 Carson you know that's all oh
why you know more than I did I don't
even know that song all right party
cleanup time put in the pizza way
Colin's asleep Carson is actually still
up Carson come here
was that fun what mm-hmm
well it's time to get you to bed you
want to tell everyone goodnight and
Happy New Year Happy New Year guys
and with that I think we're going to
close out the vlog for today I want to
wish you guys all a very happy new year
thank you for being with us let's start
2016 off strong and make positive
changes in our lives to the betterment
of everything cheers to that
Cheers and this will be the first New
Year's that I don't think I've never had
it why I suppose I have but I can't
remember on New Year's where I didn't
have a single drink yeah so it's kind of
weird but it still holds in down times
change
yeah so that's where we're going to
leave you guys for today thank you so
much for watching happy New Year and we
can't wait to see all of you right back
here tomorrow
you
