finding a parking spot has proved to be
more difficult than I had imagined but
no worries I'm extremely early and I
brought actually the drone with me
because I've been wanting to get like a
Columbus City skyline shot photo footage
whatever at night so now is the perfect
time I'm up here getting hopefully it
doesn't rain because I would ruin
everything I don't know if I said it yet
but the meetup today is that lamp
Apparel longtime friends of ours lamp
apparel makes a pretty cool Buckeye
stuff
huh we are officially in the backroom as
soon as I walk in the door Dennis is
like slides his laptop to me we got to
get streaming I know it only took about
what I started a half-hour you tripped
at the door no I did tripping oh yeah we
started tonight not the most
conventional bathroom sign I've ever
seen but I guess it works
about an hour before said schedule meet
up for Red Bull I just farted what smell
it oh stop dude
he farted he did that's cold man it's
not that cold actually hey I was saying
on the way here isn't it awesome to be
like up here this is like nostalgic for
you at all oh my gosh
dude I was like getting so much like
prank PTSD oh good I'll park right there
bro look at this my first time back in
Columbus hit me with a ticket another
one oh why I left this place these guys
knew I forgot about come on the student
what those meter guys out there it
worked literally that's their job crazy
like all the hours they have so domani
have so many meter job oh we're gonna
give people jobs by the other people
miserable yeah that's a great way God
poor guy do I put money in the theater
too it muscles ran out you I think you
were parked above the meter you should
see what it says
Rajaram I think nothing is gonna say
that I must have been past my meters
just about the end oh you're gonna lose
it dude oh you lost it maybe alright
let's see this yeah 30 bucks my meter
overtime meter oh damn mana I just got
this car I got my first ticket not even
a week I parked in
dude not even a week old I got my first
ticket yeah even only gold Dennis look
at those Christmas lights dude that's a
nice set of Christmas you've always said
that about that that one and the one on
the corner back there yeah yeah yeah all
right so we got our Red Bulls cheers to
you my friend
nice little toasty on the Red Bull this
is Alexander look at this stabilizer
I've never seen anything like it show me
how it works
he's got a little ball in there yeah
that's awesome dude look he's got the
wind muff and something I haven't seen
yet it's I got to get one of those when
it's dark like okay no I told myself
anyone was gonna show up tonight it
would be good dear what's up good dear
high fives dude the last time we had a
meet up or something's like a bit here
you dear showed up and brought us these
really awesome bracelets
I would like 12 minutes away not even
that's right baby your cousins
did you bring bracelets today oh that's
fine I'm just joking I'm joking I'm
joking are you guys also had to leave
him
Liam came all the way from the Hilliard
area yeah
Brandenburger there's a young man out
here Johnny's his name he just got done
telling me got everything you wanted for
Christmas
it just caused three for PlayStation 4
brand new Playstation 4 it's awesome now
you can get to really give to anyone
else this Christmas so I just got into a
download code for Just Cause 3 say we
give it to Johnny what do you think are
you stoked or what yeah yeah
he's stoked high five dude Merry
Christmas Dennis you will fly the drone
off the parking garage elevator first
it's night dark is dark for no ten
minutes 15 minutes ok that's yeah yeah
yeah ok
check out that that is gonna be an
awesome awesome drone shot we've
finished with the meetup they want to go
have some food but I decided before I
moved the Jeep we're in a perfect spot
on top of this parking garage to take
the drone up and get a cool shop check
this out
you
what do you think of that that's cool
huh good shots good shots with the drone
boy oh that's it boys we came to the
elevator this is a really cool like
brewery slash stakeouts
where you see again it's gonna be so
good legend has it this place didn't
back me up this place used to be a
bordello back up here there'd be girls
dancing and stuff and the guys would
like order order there ladies
crazy crazy alright boys first stop
nachos we're doing oh my gosh this is
like the best foursome I've ever had oh
this does not need to be filmed we're
just gonna jump right in there showing
that film that angle of that steak
barely look at this anyway just touch
that I forgot to mention these steaks
come out on this stone super raw it's
all raw and it's the stones are super
hot look at it yeah friends is
definitely skating man status you're
doing it smart one piece at a time
sophisticated look Dennis like I did you
guys know patience nope it's ready in
just about five seconds row is that not
delicious oh my gosh I think we all we
all scarf down those plays now it's time
for me to drive home but look how alive
the city is look at this look at this
look at this
that butt though Matt no not you oh man
we'll see yeah yeah I'll see you
tomorrow
Brandon ciao adios it's uh it's cold
home sweet home look who's still up hey
big girl huh merrily I see you broke out
our new quilt that's king-size quilt
right here
my mom got us this for Christmas because
we didn't have like a big comforter type
thing for our bed yet what yeah I can't
wait to put it on your bed Exley oh so
good morning guys I feel a little rough
this morning actually just got a new
shower got dressed you get my hair done
i pressured ahead of the vlog last night
so yeah I'm going to film with dentists
he came up with an idea last night that
we thought was pretty cool so we're
gonna we're gonna do that so I'm gonna
get ready hit the road
and I suppose that means we'll see all
of you right back here tomorrow
