mommy pig it's mummy pig oh look it's
mummy pig
who is this are you Peppa Pig
oh you're Peppa Pig no oh is this type
of pig oh look we're having so much fun
here inside today because it's so nice
out what's happening guys today we're
playing with Peppa Pig toys these are
one of Eliza's favorite characters in
the whole wide world is to have pig I
got to show you this today's big story
is the weather right
yesterday it was 50 54 degrees very warm
for January and we had snow but now it's
alright so yeah basically today is
there's a giant storm approaching and
it's a very strange scenario because
this weather is gonna go from the 50
degrees rain we've had two inches of it
in the past 24 hours which in snow would
be so much your seam is gonna start
turning into freezing rain then sleet
and then we're supposed to they called
for somewhere around 20 inches of snow
overnight so I'm gonna keep you updated
on that this is going from warm to cold
and it's gonna be a really weird and
dangerous situation the only eventful
thing that we had happened this week was
that I well I got to say we just went
from hot to cold pretty much and
oh that's hot water that over there not
not hot at all
that's ice ice what have you been been
over there no not yet you need to come
see this yeah yeah my goal is to
actually go in and do what Roman didn't
do the first time in Finland but this
ice looks intimidating though no way
dude what this thick oh it's this thick
yeah that's the bubble oh look at that
wild it oh there's your diving board no
way absolutely miserable I'm not gonna
lie
it does look miserable Wow dude I don't
know bro
literally now my country flicker on
yours a little bit yeah a little bit hey
I'll be the first to admit I was I was
more scared than every single on of you
I was scared to do that no because you
know what expect you you've been it at
least I've also failed at this before so
I was I was so scared to fail again I
did not want to do it my best advice
coming from someone that didn't do this
before don't think about it you gotta
just go fry it in I guess that's the
only way to do it you're saying think
wrong think long thing wrong that's
right it's cold show tom you will
complete this challenge kill your Arctic
bubble bath that's a good name for it
here he goes here he goes oh you can't
think about you can't think about it
gotta go
I'm scared I'm scared from staring you
didn't hesitate at all you can't just
think about either than anybody oh you
did it then yeah it was that cold never
been in anything like that before and it
was pretty easily a ting I'm actually
glad I went through with it very unlike
the big deep dark hole and the Bahamas I
did it I feel good about myself now we
are we've moved out to the office caleb
is trying the new game that I just got
for the vr super hot it's a pretty cool
game like you you are I guess I don't
know how to say you're like manipulating
time but you they don't move unless you
move and like you have to throw guns at
them or shoot them or whatever and then
you just keep progressing until well
they hit you and then start over again
at the beginning we got the rift for
Christmas and I don't play it that much
but when we do play it I'm just as
amazed as the first time I tried it VR
is so cool oh okay Caleb you digging it
come
the house
did you put on the hardest which one was
it
which one was it
Oh
ah
that just goes to show you how oblivious
you are when like you're in a VR headset
oh my gosh that's what's coming out it's
not wet it's ice yo look at the Jeep oh
my gosh doom yo I'm getting pelted by
ice dude this is crazy oh my god yo we
got a poor windshield wipers off oh no
oh no dude they're frozen it's when you
know it's about the ice I'm gonna pull
your windshield wipers off oh my gosh
wow oh my gosh
earlier when Veronica texted me she was
telling me that the weather's gonna get
bad and she was like what do I get from
the store what do I get from the store
what did I say to you it was all caps
milk and bread what have we become
guys guys everyone should get off their
devices and we should go outside and
check out the ice who wants to do it
you're gonna do it oh my gosh list I
started a movement come on you're gonna
get everything on it's very slippery you
got to be very careful okay we're gonna
suit up here it is we got all the snow
stuff right here if we had to put it
away for a couple days cuz they got warm
Zegers yeah there's one pants there's
those you're not gonna believe these
goggles bro you got one of these you
know hang on hang on watch why they're
so cool this is like neck deal I'm good
alone right okay it was cool keep your
neck warm put your goggles on check this
out let's where the magic happens you
got your goggles on right it's getting
real cold on your face
cover up my face say it again
look at that look listen
it's magnet there's like a little little
Ridge here
it's a magnetized it's so awesome
you can't see oh you can't see my eyes
because it's so awesome but look how
awesome
Hoopa helped me in the trash can is that
you oh okay so it's officially turning
into snow look this is starting to get
coverage oh my gosh honey I can't see my
face what what's what what what is it is
that a tree is that a tree oh my gosh
the trees moving the trees pomace you're
crazy bro oh is this super slick well
it's not terrible but it's different
did you just bite it uh-huh
yeah look how fast it's coming down
that's awesome it's awesome above us
yeah
kind of reminds me of like the Narnia
understand underneath the light bowl all
right be careful girls
is this slick Liza Liza are you playing
in the snow those things are terrible
we're gonna forget her somewhere below
okay so right now the roads aren't
terrible to be honest they're they're a
little icy and the snow that's falling
right now is kind of keeping it drivable
I guess you say but by morning this is
gonna look a me
what'd I tell you
woo
I don't know how big that is maybe I
mean the winds were blowing really hard
but certain parts are thicker than
others but that's a lhasa got to give a
huge shout out to the Ohio Department of
Transportation those men and women
staying up it's super late while we're
all asleep clearing these roads salting
and plowing them doing everything it
takes to make sure that we can still you
know travel so we've got a lot of snow
we've got a couple of places to visit
today
you know Romans gonna have a lot of fun
out in the snow and my buddy Scott
Lindsey they have a huge hill in their
backyard so we're gonna go to both
places Veronica and the kids are
actually gonna go there first and I'm
gonna hit up Romans and see what
coming up on a corner all right all
right so what'd you learn hello if I go
straight I could do well if I was better
turn I'm definitely wiping up Dale
you're a skier yeah you're not a
snowboard
till you did good I mean Ebola all right
you ready the trip you got this
jumping right from one place to another
we're here at Scott Lindsay okay what
are you doing back there you're building
a snow fort oh wait are you trying to
eat snow through your mask oh yeah you
know usually we come out here to
Scotty's because they have this giant
hill right and it is perfect for
sledding but they planted corn in it
this year and as you can see all the
corn stalks are still sticking up that
would feel really really bad
bluesy boo hi Bloo Dee boo oh you crazy
man you Chris Lecce
oh you gotta crawl through there all
right we were afraid that uh Scotty
spoiler wouldn't stay started but it may
have some basket may have had some bad
guys in it we got a run in I ran her
around for a while she's nice and warmed
up and now we got a line on and the tube
who's going first
you girls ready yeah that's all the
protection you're gonna have yeah all
right I love you be careful hold that
oh man all right Lindsay it's your turn
hey Josh can't see you
haha
yeah I can't even think
you got demolished well my friends
that's how you do it right there you get
a bunch of snow and you go out and you
play in it we have had an absolute blast
today what an amazing difference a day
makes right yeah
24 hours ago yeah there was no snow and
it was like 54 degrees I hope if you
live in a part of the world where you
don't ever get to see snow you got to
have a little bit of fun watching us
play around in it and yeah that my
friends is where we're gonna leave you
on this one I want to say thanks so much
for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
next time
