all right whoo you ready there you go
you can hold on to this bar right here
that's it girl
right everyone
the tale of the family who adopt on a
wall to do cripple and then their canoe
cat-boy oh no we lost we found a narrow
strip of land while canoeing it's very
it's very rocky it's fun
oh it's mud oh there's a catfish no it's
okay whoa splash easy you're in a river
Liza okay
I am literally knee-deep in like oh yeah
baby it probably is human too
it's so squishy it's like how awesome is
this we are out in the middle of this
lake on the nice little stretch
Liza wants to or they're angry about it
but if we lose it game over the ground
is literally lava it's washed that thing
weighs 5 pounds doesn't it above car
maybe it's going to get in him follow
him
oh boy it's like one of those cars that
you just drive right into the water
no way oh my gosh that's awesome
whoa awesome he totally is going right
in there
I want to see them drive back out now
all right guys have fun see you later
highly allergic all right I'm coming oh
I don't have your feet ha ha ha ha ha ha
the point of no return
oh I missed it I missed it it's not
cheating
I missed it you missed it I missed it
nah whoa Thank You Lucius mushrooms
super cool looks like the scales Guild
on a tree is it barnacles the barnacles
of the woods ah appears as though we
found ourselves in the middle of a bike
path and according to the signs there's
no people out on the bike path so we're
officially lost you're supposed to scare
them dude we're we're still lost let me
pack oh my legs are like jello oh my
entire zan on the vines it's shady and
cool back here but I'm sweatin hot we
still haven't seen another pass or any
signs of civilization
this is hilarious
Eliza threw my hat in the woods she
refuses to be carried by anyone banana
and Nana is doing well enough carrying
herself right now I can't either you
gotta go back we barely made it out
alive we see the biggest word of the
hell okay so we went hiking we went
canoeing today and we're getting ready
to organ raised our campfire soon and
call it like that
what did you see you you say you
found in here I saw these mystic Smith
mystical fires flames the colored flame
now they don't have a ton of them so
we're only going to get 10 but 10 will
be better than the two we had last time
we're gonna be cool
what do you got on your head boy back
out Wow
tall person like myself had enough
trouble taking a number two back there
just and I had to sit all sideways and
stuff I barely even had room to reach
around back you don't say wouldn't you
sacrificed in the shower because maybe
Liza's in there sleeping you don't want
to wake her up because she really needed
that for sure but now it's time to eat I
got some burgers and some brats and some
cheesy potatoes it's been a busy day
need some fuel all right promise is a
promise we came up here earlier and the
kids saw the ice cream
well everyone ate oh that's wicked
here children's book no those are
actually romance novels not really good
for kids
what's up take a book you got to leave
the book oh that's cool
you guys don't have a book to leave
little free library that's so neat I
like that no I think that's Colin you
want chocolate what did you get Liza
oh yeah I do I scream but not that kind
of ice cream I want real ice cream I
think I'm going to go with peach yes I
changed my Mon
last second because I could do that
cherry seemed more for every Atta
where'd you where'd you get where'd you
get chocolate chocolate would you get a
polar bear chocolate chip sandwich nope
this is my ice cream ice cream monster
ah I'll tell you what what a shower can
do for you oh my gosh I actually did not
take a shower in here I went down to
there like shower house and oh my god I
feel like a new person it's amazing but
we it's dark and I promised the boys we
throw these Pakistan I don't know if you
can see throw it in buddy right in the
middle
yeah good toss thanks green oh it's
green already yeah daddy's an expert I
said my back I kind of put rock oh those
ones actually work really good wait
before you throw the last one in what
what kind are they let me see a mystic
fire it says the flames last up to 30
minutes but this one is definitely
working way better than the other ones
that we got that's pretty cool it's like
a Bluegreen fire
hmm well that was a fun day we went
canoeing and hi baby hi King and rode
bikes scooters and untag and we got ice
cream it's just a fun camp day like
really really fun day with the family I
hope you guys enjoyed that's pretty much
where we're going to call it for today
you ready to go home and have some fun
with the doggies my house you're warm
already it's going to be a school yeah
thumbs up this video number one if you
made it to the very end and number two
if you would like to see us go camping
for real like on the side of a river in
a tent camping she'll do it if we get
five thousand thumbs ups on this video
we're going campus for real intense with
canoes from the side of the river oh no
we're in the middle of nowhere yeah you
got poo in the woods how are your wife
good question
better bring some toilet paper hi
friends that's where I'm going to leave
you for today I really hope you enjoyed
hanging out with us it's been a
beautiful day but it is time for us to
break down camp and go back home thank
you so much for watching and we can't
wait to see you right back here dad
