hey guys what's happening I want to
start by saying sorry we didn't post a
vlog yesterday
Braxley was yesterday but that vlog was
two days ago we had to skip yesterday
because Veronica is so sick she actually
went to the hospital very early this
morning and I'm sure her mom take her
just to get checked out I mean she's
been she's been getting sick for the
past two days straight and she's just
it's awful I feel really bad so I had to
kind of step out daddy game and clean up
the house disinfect everything keep the
kids occupied baby Eliza you know
there's a lot of things that go into
being a parent that when you're down to
just one it's a it's a little
overbearing but no worries we got
everything done the only problem was we
kind of slacked a little on getting
these videos out for you guys but I know
a lot of you understand and that's why
we're back out today I'm gonna shift
some things around so I can keep the
ball rolling and yeah get you guys your
clones
so maybe Eliza's taking a nap
Veronica's resting on the couch and the
boys are playing their games so I had to
come out and go a little grocery
shopping get some food in the house you
can all eat
look at this
I'm thinking what will make Veronica
really feel is having some flowers
that wasn't who I should put it in his
bags it's dripping that's the idea are
you so I'm checking out and the cashier
she's like she was just bringing up the
flowers and she goes what did you get in
trouble they know me in here I was like
no she's sick
and she goes it's not that stomach bug
that's going around is it I'm like yeah
clearly it's like everyone's getting it
so I'm trying to double down and like
fruits and veggies and vitamin C so I
don't get it I don't want to be sick
well what is that Liza what is it don't
get food didn't get this - let's check
on her look honey I got you some flowers
so you'll feel better
look just smell I'm just smelling are
you feeling any better I got you your
prescription - okay mmm groceries put
away Colin's in here jamming on some
minecraft yeah they got it for Christmas
I told you guys before this if your kids
love minecraft paulina carson love
minecraft this is like a different
version of minecraft all like us it's
like a perfect story I'm digging this
game I'm glad we got it for him so if
you guys want to get Minecraft make sure
you click the link in the description
also huge shout out for telltale games
again sponsoring today's video so
awesome to be working with them but uh
yeah Colin you like it or you love it
so dad shows up and we start looking
over how exactly to put this guy in I
got this like box right this electrical
receptacle which requires me like
drilling or cutting a big hole out
in my wall and then running this cable
down because the TV cable the TV power
power plug what kind of talk to it the
TV's plug is too short
they won't it even if I hung it right
there and took it through the wall it's
way too short so we have to use this big
bad boy however I wanted to put it on
the right side but there's a crossmember
in the wall here this is like the worst
thing ever
now we're trying to see if he's got a
hole saw then you can use to cut a big
giant hole in the crossmember but it's
gonna be totally worth it because this
is gonna look so great when it's done
I'm literally just gonna take this saw
and beat it into the wall right there
right there it is what do you do give me
that lyza look what he did he tore apart
our house he tore apart our house me
girl it's okay okay she said it's okay
it's alright yeah that's what I'm
talking about well it's all finished
look what do you think no wires boom
what do you think looks good what what
is it what do you mean are you messing
with me it does have a wire it's behind
the dude
yeah don't touch don't touch this is
where how close it came to being fully
visible but when you're watching it you
can't tell so awesome awesome
so guys honey let's start with you do
you want to kind of recap your past 72
hours
come here Carson come here honey
sit just now just now the past couple
hours Veronica's kind of come alive she
went to the hospital early this morning
like I said and got some medicine and IV
fluids oh my gosh
so okay boys I feel like we've lost a
little bit of the after Christmas
excitement you guys have been doing what
the past three days hmm playing with
toys and stuff I know
well you've played with a lot of what
you've unboxed already that's the
problem they got so much new stuff that
they it's gonna be hard they're gonna be
unboxing toys for the next couple months
I think so we're just sitting down now I
spent today the only thing I could get
done was getting that TV set back up and
now we're gonna just sit back and enjoy
some movies let mommy gain some more
strength and what is that what is that
oh it's nothing it's nothing dude dude
it's nothing good beautiful morning to
you guys I got my coffee I'm telling you
I I was out of creamer yesterday so it
was like not my normal coffee my I have
to have the hazelnut creamer that's like
how it goes it's my cup come mmm
what's wrong munchkin she's already
ready for a nap
look who's up look who's up in like a
live look out there that's Veronica ah
she actually had a bagel half a one
whatever but she didn't vomit it out
which is perfect I don't think I
mentioned it but Dennis and I have a
meet-up tonight
it's actually Dennis's meetup but he
called to invite me see if I wanted to
go and I agreed and thought it was a
cool idea so I could get my hair cut
before this thing happens
it looks like everyone took the day on
that's Mitzi she's fun she's fun check
it out new cut
feels fresh yeah so I got to get home
and get ready for tonight's Meetup
Dennis actually just called me and said
he needs help he wants to do a live
stream during meetup which i think is
kind of cool but he can't get his
encoding software up and running so I
got to head up a little bit early to do
that plus I have to finish today's vlog
so that being said we're gonna end
things right now I hope to see you guys
I've actually put it out on my Twitter
or snapchat anyone local this is kind of
like a last minute thing on my end but
yeah if I see you guys there at the
Meetup awesome if not we'll see all of
you right back here tomorrow
