hey friends how are you today
we're coming at you in the town already
on a very rainy ferry Rani unboxing day
or Boxing Day
here's a quick fact I just now in all of
my years just now heard - today as refer
to boxing dead I never heard that before
and why is it cold boxing that someone
help me out I don't really understand is
that because like you put the gifts that
you didn't want or take it back back
into the box
I feel kind of strange not knowing what
that means first of all I hope you guys
had a wonderful Christmas we had a
fantastic Christmas and to be honest the
kids got more toys than I think they
even know what to do with Collin was
very happy with his bb-8 right and that
thing is so cool and Carson what was you
you were super pumped about your own
game
overdrive yeah yeah he's right so we
hooked up the track last night right
before they went to bed and we ran the
cars and that thing is so cool the Anki
overdrive is one of the coolest race car
tracks I think I've ever seen so I got a
$50 gift card that I was supposed to use
for myself but I'm gonna use it to get
another car so that we three can race
together all right which ones you got me
bang it's all mine big babies are big
bang and nuke okay and we're gonna spice
up the track with a couple more straight
pieces and a couple more curved pieces
where do you guys see this I don't know
if you've ever seen it and this is not
by any means not a sponsored post at all
this thing's just wicked awesome all
right we got what we need here let's
boogie let's go so he came to Lowe's I'm
looking for I got a TV mount for the for
the TV and the living room and I wanted
to hide the wires however I didn't want
to like cut holes I think behind the
wall would be cool but I'm so indecisive
all the time I'm afraid the TV might not
stay there but I guess if I hang
yeah I don't know I decided instead of
getting behind the wall stuff I'm just
gonna get these like cord hiders they're
nice and easy just literally stick to
the wall we're gonna solve it that way
all right let's get out of here nasty
weather ah just think it could be snow
it's cold enough all this rain could be
snow
and she feeling down oh and about that
veronica is so seven flat last night
this was Christmas Day we fell asleep on
the couch we went to the movie the
Martian which if you haven't seen that
is a monster
fantastic movie but we woke up at 5:00
a.m. on the couch still and I went up to
bed barely remember that because I was
still sleeping I think but Veronica said
she she got sick
and then this morning when she came
downstairs I woke up earlier with the
baby she came downstairs and I could
hear her getting sick again so Veronica
does not feel good baby Liza does not go
here
I feel just fine you guys feel good you
get back there and person you're good
rushed home from town to get all this
stuff and there's family like all over
my house now and my my family from out
of town Angie and Dave they saw you a
couple Christmases ago I think yeah
that's the holiday season you know you
what so much Beach yeah that's right
that's right yeah
did you bring wine this time oh well
it's good to see families show up during
the holidays it's always fun we've had a
we've had a lot of family the past
couple days what is he name you come
with a fish Lily that's cool though will
dinosaur that's a fish up close all
right checking out so we've been working
hard to past few days all the family's
been cooking food it's been like these
big dinners tonight his pizza night oh
yeah yeah no you're charged we're gonna
race after we eat oh yeah we've
literally been playing with toys
non-stop for the past 24 hours exactly
trying to figure out the track
configuration but I'm telling you this
thing is so dope
just wait so I figure it out I gotta
figure it out I'm gonna figure it out
are you guys the race is fully on look
at these cars there's literally nothing
holding them on but their own smart
brains yeah I said it
smart brains
and I love it controlling the cards
right from their iPod each car has like
a special weapon to two different
weapons right now there so I take a car
outside you should probably watch my
snapchat if you don't follow me on
snapchat Chase underscore Gilroy I go
outside I walked echo and look down
there's all these like all these shiny
things are crawling around and I'm like
what the heck is this
and I'd reach down and there worms like
it's been raining all day and so all the
ground is super moist so I feel like the
worms are trying to like come up for air
pretty much and there's like literally
tons of them
the boys are gonna go upstairs and watch
Jurassic world and fall asleep once they
do I'll take you guys outside and show
you what I captured if they're still in
the container but I was out there for a
good 15 minutes
he puts my cell phone flashlight on the
ground just like hunting worms and
trying to catch him it was actually
quite fun don't judge me
for catching words and who'da thought it
was actually fun you guys want to go
catch some worms yeah you're gonna go
catch word Carson's doing
you're coming right I like caching there
there let me shoot them with my laser
beams yeah that mixer only has an
imaginary laser beams all right you
ready catch some worms let's see if
they're still out there
mm-hmm look at all these words I caught
this is not a very big container but
still that's a ton of flipping worms
Lacasse gonna try and eat them all right
let's see if we can find look there's
one right here I don't even to look very
far trying grabbing
here back in haha you got to be really
careful because the worms they're very
fast and they can sense like movement
look there's one right there there's one
right there
move flashy hurry get him get him and
put him in the bucket we can take these
fishin did hurry he's going in the
ground hurry get him that way I saw a
slug somewhere there might be slugs I
can't hold the phone and the camera at
the same time you can wash your hands
after dude funniest thing ever
look look look look look look Carson
look look at all crazy dude they're
everywhere I'm not even joking
everywhere look I got on get him you
almost immediately
no joke he caused half first worm
screamed and that was it he's done poor
mommy bronc doesn't feel to you and to
be honest I feel like I didn't vlog a
whole lot today because I was
taking care of Eliza trying to have fun
with the kids and let mommy get rest at
least I'm kind of thankful that I mean
it sucks she's sick well thankful it was
today and not yesterday daddy really you
just hopped up there that's weird you're
still good up in bed dude everyone good
night good morning guys I decided to
stay up late last night and edit the
video and practically passed out in
front of my computer but this morning so
good morning and before before we leave
you guys for today we got to finishing a
little project I'm hanging this TV up on
the wall but there's so many different
things I have to do to be able to hang
it up I have to move the thermoset to
the other side of the wall so I'm gonna
be pounding a hole through the outside
of the wall
we'll have to paint that patch and all
that which kind of stinks but it's fun
alright it's time to do this however we
got a call and playing keyboard maybe
Eliza definitely it's not super happy
Veronica's upstairs is yoga stuff so
it's me alone so I had to recruit I got
Zack here to help and I got Dallas I
think together the three of us can do it
please these they have these little
plastic spacers because the bolts that
came with it they were either too long
or too short so we had to use a spacer
but the spacers that fit this specific
size bolt we're too long and
it didn't like grip the brackets so we
had to go out and like shave down a
little bit of the spacers so that they
fit and now they're solid solid so
what's left now is it natural bracket on
the wall screw it into the studs and
stuff this is a pump we're gonna drill
into the wall now well there she is
it looks like a bigger space below it
then it actually is because of my angle
but we're putting the sound bar it came
with a bracket to that we're gonna hang
right below it and yeah and then that's
it and I gotta say how difficult it was
to get this done just me and all the
kids drunk has been sleeping the whole
time so mad respectful for all you
single parents out there I don't know
how you do it with one let alone three
thank you guys so much for watching and
I can't wait to see you all right back
here tomorrow
