it's pretty good hey guys I ain't doing
how's your day so far I hope it's if
it's well it's currently Wednesday
that's right because we have a live
stream tonight it it's Wednesday to
tease before Christmas very exciting
time Wilson I have to go take care of a
couple other Christmas presents I
haven't acquired yet so you and I go do
that right now oh my gosh look at this
you guys the place is off the chain busy
busy busy busy busy busy there's so many
people out right now believe it or not
it's currently like 63 degrees outside
in the middle to send their egg for
Christmas it's insane I don't even need
to wear my coat
but yeah we're out getting a couple
last-minute things for my dad I need to
get something for calling in person and
the dog and cat
and Veronica needless to say I'm too and
most of my personal Christmas shopping
at the very last second I feel bad
because I can't like show you guys where
I'm going shopping or anything as if I
do people who watch the vlog or
definitely don't know what I'm after but
I'm making Christmas wishes come true
people ah look at this awesome awesome
race track deal Noah it's just so cool
someone might have to get it for
Christmas I'm on my way back to the
house now and I realized I couldn't suck
tit covering any kind of what I was
doing in town
it's like super last-minute shopping and
I was rushing on top of it my livestream
starts in eight minutes and there's no
way i'll make it in time that of course
i'll be late and we still have the
stream but the traffic is insane right
now everyone is on the same mission I
feelin gotta change it to my my shirt
alright time to live stream alright so
the boys are getting their coats and
shoes on them send them over to my moms
so don't take all the kids in town with
me so I want to make this a quick trip
I'm gonna go say bye to Daddy real quick
you're gonna break stuff dude your shoes
oh my gosh I can hear him already honey
what we're going hey hey okay have fun
I'm just flipping out over here luck
that's all tonces all flip out I just
found you guys sitting on the counter
over here I didn't know Veronica left
the camera but uh I was just upstairs
talking to Norman doing our like post
stream wrap up and there's a
thunderstorm you guys we're gonna have
to go outside oh no we can see right
here it is super windy and there's
lightning in December I can't dig
I can't even believe this you guys this
is something this is something I've
never seen I don't think I've ever seen
this in my life thunderstorms in
December with lightning I'm just wigged
out I'm so wigged out I was literally
getting ready to grab the keys and drive
over and get you guys because the Jeep
wouldn't start that's why I didn't drive
over yes soos yeah remember she I
brought you in your shoot she was still
asleep Brian your food was getting pjs
and stuff for her and talked back in the
Jeep to go back over there mm-hmm and it
wouldn't start would not start at fen
six times its mom thought that we left
our ipods it's not my fault you left
your ipod we were already in the car and
it's porn now written in my six inches
deep he wasn't gonna get out and run
back in there and wait good morning I
love you oh you see my ears ear where's
daddy's know what's in his nose who took
a young yeah night boys you want that
lantern off no keep it on it stars yeah
you know you guys know tomorrow is right
yes sir mm-hmm all right get some sleep
love you I know it's sad it's a I'll see
you in the morning
love you love you good night nice aight
aight you have this concentration face
when you're concentrating you stick out
your bottom jaw like that yeah I noticed
that I do that promise homemade noodles
my mom huh yeah those are for your
chicken noodles yeah I want you to know
that I went outside and tried to start
the G started right up for me and a lot
of you who watch all the time you know
that I recently swapped out I replaced
the starter and it's still doing that
like the only other possible problem
would be the ignition which is it's an
electric and Nick ignition it just keeps
cranking without you having to turn the
key until it starts I feel like that's
getting stuck so are cheaper but it's
Christmas Eve in one hour and 10 minutes
see you that's fantastic I hope you guys
are excited for Christmas we still need
to recently to put our own his back
drop it drop it good girl so we had to
take care of some parental duties last
night christmas time you guys first of
all good morning I hope you're feeling
well it's a happy christmas eve yeah
boys are getting down on some cinnamon
toast crunch you need more milk yes
you're thirsty drink some milk so the
boys are having breakfast and it sounds
like Eliza's up from her nap
unfortunately she doesn't feel very good
she's got a very runny nose she woke up
this morning with the temperature of
like a hundred degrees so that is a huge
huge and unfortunate bummer cross your
fingers for me guys yeah that's going to
be it for today I want to edit so that I
can get this video done and fully focus
on our Christmas Eve so I want to wish
you all a very very Merry Christmas and
make sure you come back tomorrow for our
Christmas Eve video and our Christmas
morning so thank you guys so much for
watching and we can't wait to see all of
you right back here tomorrow
