well tell me guys how's your day I hope
everyone's doing well I'm here with can
you see him
it's Darth Dallas I just finished doing
some editing and stuff and we were
talking about like we gotta get some
Christmas stuff done around here because
Christmas is in like two days three days
and we and we've only put two of our
ornaments back on I need to go get the
kids
I found the boys they're up here playing
the Snoopy's talento game activision
actually reached out to us to review the
game check it out so I've had the kids
download it and they've been playing it
for quite a few days long they've got
some stuff unlocked check it out look go
back let's zoom out so this is the this
is Snoopy's town and you play as all the
different characters Snoopy Charlie
Brown Lucy Linus Schroeder all of them
this is like a holiday themed game right
now so everything's snow-covered go to
the Snoopy's doghouse you show him how
he's got Christmas lights on it zoom in
there look at him he's all ready for
Christmas you just activate the
different areas what's this board over
here I like to show me boy the selling
board yep where you have one different
items it's the same thing right here but
I don't want to solve this because I
want to make a box of baseballs so I can
get this place over here and I statue
the comic shop this place is cool right
here
hmm what is this I don't know looks cool
bottom line it is a fun game the kids
are playing it they love it so yeah
check the links in the description
there's three links one for each type of
platform and get yourself some stupid
town tale for the holidays hey come on
guys
we need to do the tree stuff actually we
can't stay up here in play games all day
I know even though we want to so we can
do the loot yep
I'm mavin we've been sitting here trying
to figure out what we're gonna do
tonight and the options were like go see
the Christmas lights at the zoo or go
see Santa at the mall which one do you
want to do crap before Santa it was so
hard for us to decide we actually had to
enlist in all of our friends from
periscope these guys were very helpful
and helping us figure out what we should
do and I think we decided that we were
gonna go to the mall and see Santa Claus
ah quit it zombie come on dudes I see
you you're not hiding from me Oh mommy's
up what she's yelling at us we're in
trouble
what's up sigh hey what's we almost made
it inside the moans that was good yeah
hey let's take a photo right now
alright here with the vlog camera ready
hey guys can you hear Santa this is
something you hear or what
what's sidetracked
Carson can you believe it you guys look
the line isn't even that long you're
gonna go see Santa hello they're excited
are you gonna go see I see so you know I
say hi look right there Santa Claus he's
right there but he's there yeah look at
these craziness kids are just freely
driving a little animal bumper cars
around the mall seems definitely changed
yeah are you guys ready are you gonna go
see Santa yeah okay okay let's go
you can wave to Santa oh go on
I'm pretty sure you all go yeah
you got holders hands they do
well control yeah
okay
and stop the animal where you want to
robotic
you guys ready to do a photo okay let's
see you guys got to look at me with your
hands some smiles okay why we get to see
okay classic Christmas picture right
there baby lies that I can't believe she
got so upset you didn't like Santa wait
we got to get we got to get our picture
bud
so we got pictures and having the boys
seen the riding stuffed animals they now
want to ride one you're not gonna ride
that are you are you serious
what are you gonna ride Carson the tiger
I'm not riding one there goes person
there goes person oh there goes Holland
boys hey what are you doing I thought he
was a ride one oh hey Colin you gotta
watch where you going do you want Liza
yeah I want Liza wait for me boys
all around the mall
Carson was that fun riding on those
animals before I got there yeah all
right
instead I wasn't gonna ride one but I
had to because Eliza wanted to ride it
that's what your straight past that
truck there's plenty of room
don't worry honey I would never steer
you wrong Yeah right
this is how it gets fun right here well
you got to drive over to grass oh my
gosh you're driving over the curb holy
cow I'm never letting you drive again
ever easy whoa
what is it different today hey didn't I
tell you not to do that on the floor
we have to wait on the table because we
mean a high chair for baby Liza so we
have to have a natural table we can sit
at a booth that mac and cheese bros I
was super excited for waffle cracks yes
thank you
what'd you get so instead of trying to
talk you through this on the phone I'll
just be there in five minutes love you
too but Cathy needs help setting up her
DVD player to her TV and I feel like
she's getting confused with my verbal
instructions over the phone so I'm gonna
go over and help Graeme real quick hook
up her teeth look at this what do you
put in there a grilled cheese sandwich
yeah I think I may have done that when I
was a kid no I was really confused like
what is this thing I'm kidding
I think we may have fixed it I'll see
you right now play
we got another it's prepped it's broke
no look we got rid of this big bad boy
you guys remember these component
connections so once that's almost as
always having VCR I picked up this thing
I was like what the heck do I do with
this it's like a coaster 8-track I know
oh yeah the 8-track player Myles Turner
oh I don't even barely use DVDs or CDs
anymore it's all digital but we got her
fixed up no she's a happy mom my hero
good morning we've got friends over what
are you doing here you're getting
babysitting he did he's getting babies
didn't ya we had to watch Lindsey's kids
so they can do work today kind of an
impromptu babysitting we pulled through
for her she had no one else to watch the
kids so we're watching what's up Blaine
how's that sucker sure so the boys are
playing some games and we're kind of
planning out what we're gonna do today I
have a couple of videos that I need to
shoot for my review channel don't forget
that tonight it's Wednesday night we
have a live stream and I just love it if
you guys would join us the live streams
are always a ton of fun and we're gonna
actually play if you have the season
pass for black ops 3
there's the zombies giant map that is
super cool so I'm going to show that off
tonight so make sure you join us it's
twitch TV for slap it's kind of rainy
today I don't it's a good day to go
downstairs and shoot some videos so
that's where we're gonna leave you guys
for today it's getting really close to
Christmas we have to go out tonight
every substance dropping like we are so
last minute right now so with that I
want to thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you're having a great
holiday season and we can't wait to see
all you right back here
