nah nah good day to you let evening
I'm sorry we're starting the vlog a
little late but as you can tell
two videos uploaded yesterday it took me
a lot of time and a live stream we are
going to where we're going honey my
dad's but they asked my pants
who's there honey my step-brother what's
his name fiance his name is Braulio
Nikki we call him Nikki's in Stockholm
making her Nick
is it Braulio or bra Liam proudly
imbroglio
he's a right on dude and I can't wait
til you guys meet him that is
considering that he wants to be filmed I
don't think I've ever had him in the
walk so so clearly out of respect I'm
gonna like go there first and ask him if
he minds but I'm sure he's such a cool
guy you guys will love him
we'll make for sure but yeah Colin
Carson did you guys did you guys watch
the prank video you didn't watch it it's
fresh up it's only been up for like
maybe an hour not even
we'll show you will show everyone Wigan
won't hit the Grammys how's that banana
girl
this ol banana in a hole like cheese
towards the attack with me but it's like
a pork broccoli and rice Asian type ,
Nikki's favorite dish this is this is
Nikki guys what would they call you
Braulio or nick what would you rather be
called I know but this is Veronica
stepbrother it's been a couple years
since you've been in town oh my gosh I
count the days dude until I can go back
out there once you go like in LA
California I can't blame me for wanting
to be out there yeah well on that note
Nikki brought back his girlfriend Mara I
personally am doing that hair I tried do
something like that with this long and
I'd need to do the color you see yeah we
should do tutorial on dreads like how do
you make them awesome as well for hours
yes she said she uses a crochet crochet
hook to get it right I'm serious that's
a serious business
hey you guys wanna go downstairs and
watch the prank on the new TV it's good
yeah look at Bryan you start about this
her run Bryan got a nice new TV for
Christmas like it good for you man
Santa's a dude this year check it out
yeah mrs. Claus bought it
Oh mrs. Claus oh yeah
okay my mistakes we're about to watch
the prank they know no one here to say
yet what you think grandma's good
everyone seems to think that the roles
should have been switched for that one
like Carson should have got more upset
cuz he freaks out if I touched the elf
Colin was definitely working to in the
sentimental type stuff because loved the
tree rocking that chair big girl she
actually knows how to do this call him
what are you doing
you're turning out all the snow man
Graeme is a snowman fanatic as you can
see all the snowmen swimming up their
snowman in their snowmen everywhere oh
poor Nicky is up here it's like the
first time bringing a girlfriend home to
mom type picture like sharing session
and we got some Veronica and look this
picture right here is straight from
Saved by the Bell
tell me it is it I like I expect exact
morris to be behind Wow look at those
bags and the laser light show in the
back that's Soul Train back there that's
beautiful
check out this show woman
that's a ninja you guys have seen before
that's mommy dude that's mommy on top of
there there's a softball Veronica order
dude you can see why I married her now
right like she's that's not a real
picture did you have to wear clothes
like that or was that how you dressed
back then this guy up too early today
he's like out ski early you regulome
Carson one whole entire year
poor Nikki's like jet lag you're
probably like I'm gonna see you later
grandpa yeah
my Grammy see you later home sweet home
I put Eliza didn't burn my condensers
Carson's having a conversation with mom
on the couch about eating boogers Oh
Carson you're not that kid are you
your nose I said there's no tears no
scream you kids to catch the dust and
the germs and some entering your body
well it tastes pretty good check this
out we got the mail I got a shirt I'll
show you I got it from twitch what do
you think yeah it's cute
it looks blue in the picture but it's my
my twitch miss ugly ugly Christmas
sweater t-shirt looks good I'm gonna
wear this shirt the next time my live
stream live right there
that's so weird why does it look blue
does it really put this up oh really
does
Carson talked me into playing some
pocket edition of Minecraft with him
until my phone battery completely died
and my phone's like hot that game is
stressful for your device does your iPod
hot you're sweaty I didn't know that you
could like he shouldn't have hit he
should we gotta set up a world so that
we could all play the same map together
it's 11:30 it's definitely time for
these boys to go to bed today's been
kind of like a real chill low-key day
yeah
we need to get out tall we have some
stuff to take care of I need some cream
for my coffee yeah oh good morning guys
it's another one of those facts jumps to
morning you see last night
it was just exhaustion I think we woke
up super early we stayed up super late
trying to pull the prank and we woke up
super early
so we just went to bed it was wonderful
yeah again I have to go I have to drive
myself to Time Warner Cable because
those of you who watch everyday you know
I recently went and they hooked me up
with like new cable service they send me
home with a box
and I didn't get to set it up until
yesterday the technician came to unblock
my line or something like that
and I go to hook the box up and there's
no remote control like they don't run
without the remote control so here again
and have to go I had to go in town
anyways but
I have to go get a remote and also
during my last livestream I had a lucky
guy win one of these gladiator beanies
so I'm gonna mail that out to hopefully
it gets to you by Christmas Carlos
the mail system seems really clogged up
right now
and rightfully so it's Christmas those
like 10 minutes ago those clouds weren't
there last night yesterday all day
yesterday was awful rain cold today is
like that Sun feels like spring right
now and look over here there's just this
big giant wall of clouds that's coming
so like this morning we had up till oh
it's like 10:30 right now all this
morning up till now it's gonna be
beautiful and then more clouds I get
excited about like blue sky this time of
year cuz around here we don't see that
it's always cold cloudy wet just know
off but I'll take this
if only for the next 20-30 minutes
they're going nuts
Veronica's getting all everything
cleaned up look at her hmm good work
mama smells wonderful in here so I
smells like a it smells like a we're
gonna say like a candle store
little baby girls eating some food oh
you want some more that's what you want
that wasn't my fault
ah I got that TV setup it's time for me
to get ready for a shower and probably
close out the vlog for today I know
today's vlog is kind of scattered and
maybe even a little bit short but you
know what you have that it happens so
Jim and his son are out here doing some
work you guys want to go see the
building that everyone asks about the
building outside let's go check it out
the inside of the building that everyone
asks what is the building this is the
building future headquarters of the
gladiators' which is really super cool
so check me out this is what our vision
for here this big open area would be
like the set area one of these corners
would be a cyclorama
if you don't know the Cyclorama is look
that up on Google it's just basically a
corner that has all curved curved seams
so you can you don't have to worry about
like our shadow falls and it's perfect
for photos and filming another corner
will have like a green screen but
basically where this door comes in we're
gonna take a wall back and close that
off and that's gonna be the office
that'll be where I do my editing and all
that type of stuff those need to do like
home-based businesses or you're
self-employed you know it's very
difficult to have work in your house
where all those distractions occur this
would be a perfect place for me to go to
edit and work on things and all that and
then so we'll take it up and we'll have
like a space above that where we can do
storage and all
stuff and eventually like I'd like to do
rack lighting all the way across so that
we can move lights and then in the
center here will be like custom custom
set like say for instance if I wants to
work on like cooking series we could
build a faux like kitchen right here in
the middle and we'd have all our rack
lights and we could do this the video
shooting there and I don't know this is
this is pretty exciting little piece of
the property that it's soon to be
unlocked which is very very exciting we
got Jim and his son over there working
on some cool stuff it's just uh this is
a useful spot you know alright guys so
there it is the building that everyone's
been asking about pretty excited for
that to be like fully ours but it's just
not there yet Jim and Jim and his wife
still have some things to work out at
their current location which is fine
with me
they're good people or not and I'm glad
to be able to help them out I mean how
awesome Jim is out there working on
power tools honey he's blind feeling for
tools yeah yeah yeah he's out there
running joiners and planers and not so
much the table saw but it's just amazing
how how resilient he is and he's he's
built houses you know I mean he's he's
done all the work on this house and they
have quite a few other properties so it
was really sad to see him getting that
accident and become blind and stuff and
still go forward like he's doing now
it's just so incredibly inspiring really
so yeah so that's what we're gonna leave
you guys for today
I got nothing
I got nothing thank you all so much for
watching I can't wait to see all of you
right back here tomorrow
