what's up guys how's your weekend so far
you know I've been working on a video a
prank video to mess with the kids this
Christmas season and we're back at the
tree farm today
why I'm gonna play a little prank on the
boys you may be here because you saw
that video and if you are this is what
happened and how I came up with it
we're really doing this are we Harry I
know you might be thinking deal why did
you cut down a tree just to do this
video well I mean people come out here
and cut down trees just for Christmas
anyways and then what do they do they
light it on fire and a bonfire it's the
same thing kinda I just I know the boys
are gonna be like they may freak out
you know they may freak out but the
thing is is I don't I'm not gonna let
them actually believe that the elf
that the elf did this right they're
gonna put that together in their own
mind I don't have a tarp I'm just gonna
like pull the prank and and then I'm
gonna reveal to them that it was me and
I blamed it like I'm framing the elf
it's like five five days to Christmas
and we have like holiday parties and all
that stuff to go to tonight my brother's
having a party at his house for all the
kids and so at three o'clock we have to
be there for that and I have to get this
thing home prep it for tonight and hide
it so that way you know I'm with them
all day and we're going to the Christmas
parties and stuff it's just uh that's
what you got mixes help shaking my head
I realized that I have to get like
treestand for this thing to stand on so
I'm not using my current one I need it
so basically what I'm gonna have to do
is we just searched a couple different
local spots for treestand they don't
have them so PJ's have time PJ so I'm
gonna drop tree and him off maybe send
Branca early to the Christmas party so I
can go to pick up a tree stand family
I'm home oh my gosh Eliza don't have any
clothes on holy moly yeah are you ready
for the Christmas party
you look wonderful boys ain't that a
pretty Christmas tree yeah where's the
elf where show me we always got to check
on the elf oh there is there he sits
should I not touch him okay I won't
touch him I promise I won't ever touch
him Eko doesn't like your car dude don't
tease her with it I gotta go check the
mail so I'll catch up with you guys a
little bit really no I'll see you guys
in a little bit so I had to send
Veronica and the kids to the Christmas
party early so they wouldn't see what I
was doing next door
and I just came to get like a generic
Christmas tree base to hold up the
Christmas tree and so now I just need to
go well you know all right now it's time
to make this tree look a little more
like we want it to
this is a really good idea to make sure
you check all your christmas-light that
one were to short-circuit
oh hey could you imagine waking up and
seeing that where your Christmas tree
was the boys are gonna slap if a fire
started on your Christmas tree inside
your house that's what would happen and
that's scary man make sure if this does
anything it shows you to be very careful
when you're using Christmas lights make
sure that all your lights are perfectly
safe your bulbs are good no short
circuits because this could happen
inside your house and it's pretty crazy
then it went up like that or propane
torches if you're in your living room
around your Christmas tree yeah yeah
so before I head out just to be very
very sure that this cause like I'm
taking a half-burnt tree into my home to
be very sure that nothing's gonna like
reignite we're gonna we're gonna hit it
with the hose a little bit so that way
by the time I come back to this thing
like late tonight it's gonna be like at
least midnight by the time I get to this
but we're gonna get yeah so we want to
make sure that there's no chance of this
thing having like hot embers still in it
what you think about this grandma what's
up dude
what you got chicken sandwich oh yeah
you guys playing tag or something all
right we're here oh man yeah I got my
tree stand all right
I saw her while we're shopping for this
stuff look at this what's going on here
Candyland are you is the party over no
that's something I you're leavin and
they've all free room in the house
cookie in the making
you do some lovely green sprinkles
calling your songs on oh my goodness
just let her bite it okay ready well
here's Josh's lizards let me get in
there watch him run up my arm and then
just like take off across the room that
would be the worst this this cricket is
literally just sitting here frozen in
fear he's like if I don't move he won't
see me no I see some oneis gotcha that's
strategy did not work my friend Oh game
over those lizards are cool but this one
I've shown you guys in the vlog before
but he's grown now he gets all kinds of
colors look at that yes use your thumb
and gently rub her back see concealer
my stylist by Chloe by Josh and Sam
Joshi looks great tonight by the way
you've been stepping up your holidays
holiday dress game the red tie and swag
yeah all right we'll see you guys later
this week right yeah Christmas Eve we
just got back to our house Colin's
trying to creep one of these they're so
good are they here here so they're
filled with chocolate and they got
hazelnut hazelnut yeah it's pirouette
chocolate hazelnut they're like they're
like wafer straws they're like cookies
what Graham Graham gives them for me
every single year ever since
Veronica's met me Graham Graham that's
got me these every year because I said I
love them and I love them too wait can
this bag do for me what this looks
lovely so we're getting ready to sit
down and watch our favorite Christmas
movie it's a new classic actually I
think it's something yeah we watch as
when I was a kid we used to watch a
Christmas story every every year I mean
I think you still watch that every year
but this one's just what is it it's elf
right and who's a starring who's in it
do you know his name the actor it's Will
Ferrel everyone good night Colin see you
in the morning it's gonna be so cool
when I wake up hi guys so the kids are
in bed PJs here to give me a hand we've
taken a whole team ornaments off of this
tree just because we don't want it to
get broken and we're getting ready to do
the swap so I think now is a good time
if you haven't seen it go over to the
other video and watch what I did to the
boys and we'll pick up here on the vlog
in the morning good morning
that just happened
and the boys are they went from one
extreme to the other now we're happy so
we want to take this thing out of here
and put our actual tree back right yes
we know and it still has the garland oh
yeah no I was taken out before because
there's pine needles all before
yeah Colin was the best I mean I'm sorry
I made you cry but it was a
I didn't make me cry that through here
know what Colin was sad about the tree
and the star I don't think that was
wonderful Colin Colin do still love me
okay on the news and I can't believe
that man he said that how do you put
that's all ed Bassmaster right there oh
you want to put me on the news okay you
just broke the base dad oh I broke it
alright guys our trees back we gotta put
the ornaments back on and all that stuff
you got mr. clean this is your idea from
the beginning right yeah right well she
did kind of try to stop me at first she
was like whatever are you scarred for
life or are you happy you're happy : are
you happy are you scarred for life okay
well I think it turned out great
I didn't mean to make you cry and then
you didn't cry know what that means you
got a good heart son you're good guy
good cop yeah
so that's what we're gonna leave you
guys for today I'm gonna get this video
done and we got some holiday stuff to
get to have three decorate our tree
actually all right guys as always thank
you so much for watching and we can't
wait to see all of you
