what's up guys how you doing today today
is a special day because me and boys the
force awakens which side are you on
are you the Sith were you a Jedi where
do you Carson you're a Jedi I'm gonna
get idea we're pretty pumped we got to
get in here get our tickets get some
popcorn some stuff we got other things
to do tomorrow
mark is cinema oh yeah this is the best
theater around man
it's in Pickerington Pickerington is one
of my favorite spots
last time when you watched inside out
and guess what I got it man what what
day 3 zombies 1 Star Wars The Force
awakens
are you hyped or what
yeah the new droid look at it excited oh
you know that's our first pit stop we
got our snacks the boys got some stuff
they got their little glasses but I have
to use the restroom check it out people
are hyper start with a couple of these
dudes brought lightsabers freakin
lightsabers everywhere here's a little
Yoda statues ours I'm pretty hype you
guys this is gonna be dope look at the
side of the screen dude it's like a
building whoo
look at these seats man you can recline
on to Collin it's movie time are you
pumped I thought Kersey
yeah point
what do you think that big it's so cold
and windy out oh and it's like as soon
as you hit the outside doorway being in
the dark movie theater for a while it's
hard to see actually but boys that's not
very epic oh my gosh this movie was so
incredible what a story the Star Wars oh
it's even more cool to see the boys like
I don't think the last Star Wars was
released before their birth so they only
know this Star Wars movie yeah and they
they they loved it is like such a cool
thing because Star Wars goes far beyond
their years we're gonna watch some old
star movies okay I'll try not to say any
spoilers but just so you know no I won't
talk about it I won't talk about the
movie we'll give it a few days we'll
keep their smiley what you been eating
huh oh he's so cute
we're back home Veronica's cooking up
something what are you making there love
are you making a nacho dip on the phone
and feeding the baby yeah look at our
house look you guys this didn't take
long at all
it's like this is the saga of Gilroy
just stuff it just happens to pile up
everywhere okay
I'll get him now so could we turn on
boss merde and check it out you know all
this little well cleaned up mostly all
that stuff was like gifts up Veronica
was taking had this all cleaned up
dishes
whoa now it's time to get out here yeah
her usual
yummy juice not only is this one of our
official holiday family gatherings but
it is a beautiful place to be right now
because I'm starving and there's a heck
of a lot of food to be had here
oh yes what's you what were you saying
your wings is that I'm excited for the
ham balls
Branca loves her hand balls I see Grammy
in there
I see cramming here and I'm excited too
because it will be Eliza's first time
opening a present I know I know I'm
excited for that too and she looks
downright precious okay you go inside
look at all this beautiful family here
yeah these are the hand balls Rose was
all crazy about it's like meatballs but
maybe it's ham oh jeez there's something
really good over there - oh it's time
for dessert
bad so I'm working on plate - but I'm
gonna grab some of this before it
disappears because it goes fast this is
a rum cake that's not made real like
real ramen but ever since I first came
over here
I've had this every single year it's
like a guarantee to be here and it is
seriously addicting very good it's like
pound cake I guess nice and moist all
the kids I hear are waiting patiently
kind of I gotta do our family pictures
in his family picture time girl says
every year get up here with mommy all
right well I know I think Jace is Liza's
first Christmas present opening because
you big girl there's something inside
this is this is the part where everyone
goes thank you Jeff
giving hugs what you got boys hey make
sure you look at who you got it from you
got a puppy she really understands
what's happening right now
you got some mixels look our baby's out
she's destroyed everyone's leaving this
time coming crash I got some good photos
over to this being her first Christmas
and all I wanted to get some cool photos
was cool her first Christmas friends
around here ready for bed ready for bed
sweetheart Liza Liza Carol she looks so
cute today I can't even take it with her
little dress or a little Christmas dress
what up PJ turn on that light dude why'd
you turn the lights off I know the kids
just did that
boo Jin Jin came hang out watch a movie
was our one good night did you have the
best time watch the Star Wars day or
what yeah well we'll watch some of the
other versions of Star Wars - some of
the other ones yeah okay - everyone good
night Carson
okay guys sorry I had to cut to the
morning like this but we we stayed up
last night and hung out with PJ Jin
watched tattoo which was a pretty funny
movie a lot different from the first one
actually that's still very funny movie
and I I have to actually have to cut the
video now because today is a very big
day some of you may have expected this
particular video I'm going to show you
tomorrow
today but because of the scheduling
things I had to push it back a day so I
need to get working on that I it's a
prank idea I've been thinking about for
a few weeks now and it's actually time
to pull the trigger so it's like
nerve-racking pulling a prank on your
kids like this but don't worry
everything's gonna be fine we just need
to get to work so with that this where
I'm gonna leave you guys for today make
for absolute sure you come back tomorrow
and check out my special holiday prank
on the kids thank you guys so much for
watching and I can't wait to see each
and every one of you
right back here
