what's happening guys welcome to the
vlog we are we're in Hobby Lobby right
now looking for well you see it picture
frame as you know I have this image here
that's been long awaiting a frame and
hung on the wall we have that big one
there which is like a really long
panoramic one have you ever seen this
place yeah no cuz that's in nets in
turtled war England really cool that
James took those pictures you know you
know James yeah we're not going to wait
right now let's see how we do it almost
barely fit what do we do
gee we cut with a permit yeah we have to
trim it nah yeah that looks pretty nice
now we have to figure out how exactly we
gonna hang this thing I'm coming so
basically the lady back there super
helpful Ted she put a sawtooth on this
one that's the way to hang it I was like
how are we going to hang it that just
hammers right in pretty simple and for
this big one breeze wire but we have to
trim this photo when we get back to the
house
ah man you made a mess how'd you do that
I just cleaned the Jeep Liza Liza are
you doing yeah you got you got your
shoes wet for sure yeah you're playing
in the water puddle what do you expect
yeah I see you go to mow it I'm gonna
tell mommy you did that
that's um super embarrassed look at my
flowers it's weeds yeah there's more
weeds than flowers for sure I'm
embarrassed I really am like all that's
horrible and then angel just stepped on
that one and broke that part off they're
never going to grow out here absolutely
not
we're not gardeners at all so a Hobby
Lobby lady Hobby Lobby lady I didn't
catch your name so from now forward she
shall be known as the Hobby Lobby lady
but the Hobby Lobby lady was super
helpful and giving me a great idea on
how to actually trim this photo to fit
and that is by taking the actual glass
from the frame and laying it over the
photo and I all I have to do is use my
exacto knife to trim this part of the
image off and as long as the glass fits
so should the image
I should probably clean the glass first
ah voila a very nicely framed New York
City you know panorama it looks nice
this is one of them go up there this is
12 by 12 go up there we've got that big
giant wall right there it's pretty empty
we've got this space over here
that's pretty empty I'm going to need
your help because I'm mr. indecisive and
I don't really know
romka just smashed out some dinner whoo
we're excited
drama but that's one ask you one
question do you feel are you ready for
winner winner chicken dinner good I was
just there ah it's time to kill some
time fairly slow zombies yeah they all
just came out of a mud wrestling match
all I need to do is stay away from you
guys and I'll be fine different areas
aisles I got your back guys I got your
back guys kill them all oh look into
play it's so funny
we need a mad lose that's what we need
we needed to chinky but there's going to
be a thousand
like this is way too yeah zombie yeah
yeah I had pen your pen can brought
block my machete let's do it go a little
bit closer oh no oh my gosh
TG down look manly sort of up there
coming in this is where they start has
coming they're definitely angry and
they're hungry hmm returns to the deep
way I can by God look of it oh oh oh oh
that way big run him over
oh my god hey you got him you got one ha
ha ha I just read over socks
I'll kick you out
oh no you knocked me out no no I you not
three outgrow nothing had been used for
a while but we're going to need it okay
so a lots happened since last night
which was super fun by the way first
time ever playing with the typicalgamer
rum and noah cane all of us were playing
battlegrounds zombies with you guys I'm
sure he saw our tweets so much fun we
had an absolute blast playing that power
went out it's been out for a few hours
and I took a nap okay there's some more
storms coming actually yeah there it is
more storms big big big thunderstorms
the first round of storms was so windy I
was out here looking and there's a few
tree branch probably can't see it on
camera but just over that health there
big giant parts of that tree right where
I'm pointing right there the storm comes
in the winds start coming and I just
hear tree branches breaking crack crack
crack I can't stress you guys enough how
I helpful didn't have a generator in a
power loss situation like especially if
you have a sump pump and you need to
like get rid of water that goes into
your basement crucial
well it is alright
shirks that's good oh hey everybody
how's your day going I just go home Oh
why's the Stoller blanking I am trying
to get everything packed we're going
camping
I have ok which I know it looks like a
lot for like tonight tomorrow and then
Sunday but you never know what's going
to happen especially with kids they
might get dirty you're soaking wet
yeah I got your pillow we got to patch
it we got to take it with us
ah there we go I think it's gonna fit in
that bag yeah cuz they're gonna fit yeah
yeah oh and your baby too walking you
where you go little man huh where are we
going oh nana camping we gonna go
camping with Nana booboo she's eating
some crackers there is actually oh it's
raining now I have to hurry up and get
this stuff loaded so it does it get so
good what
all right ready yeah
I just want you to know how glad I am to
go camping in this beautiful weather
well okay now it's not beautiful right
now I know right you picked up on that
didn't you she talked me into it
- pretty much this little camping room
look like I was actually going for
something a little more comedic because
I envisioned it being like super rainy
and said earlier at all--just relooking
are a raindrop but it actually was nice
it's actually cleared up if there's any
place to be it's inside this awesome
camper now you're thinking this is like
a very nice way to camp
not so much tent camping but this is
this it you got microwave an oven and TV
fireplace place play cards that's all
right
what's you doing over there that's your
spot little loft up there so high so
it's like super late it's 11:25 probably
the worst part about showing up to the
campsite like late at night what I'm out
here got the fire going while the tail
end of it anyways Veronica's trying to
get allies it to bed and reproach its
going to call a night so that tomorrow
we can wake up and have breakfast with
the fat oh it's blur focus so yeah have
breakfast with the panel Gus I'm having
cereal we got some fruit and we got some
cinnamon rolls cooked on the grill by
Nana yeah I wanted to make bacon I want
to make make in a potato I'm trying just
like no I'm all over how dare you no one
needs to talk and then cleanup or camera
we're also doing are you excited yeah it
would be so much fun
I just wanted I just went to the camp
store and rented a canoe I had to get my
coffee Oh
- yeah I had to go the gas station get
some coffee
comes again
coffee here at camp but cafes close uh
I'm not cool with coffee you got oh yeah
she got Starbucks she's crazy
look at this I wanted to show you guys
look my kids are actually outside
playing with sticks how awesome is that
we've won at parenting they're playing
with sticks outside I'm not playing with
computer games or iPods or so yeah last
night was uh it was it was actually a
late night Liza did not want to go to
sleep we had to put her in between me
and Veronica and she was head-butting us
kicking us and it was fun it was it was
it was epic we're going to go canoeing
today and have a lot of fun we'll be
staying here tonight
so I think that's where we're going to
call it for this video guys and we'll
pick up pretty much right back here
tomorrow or next time and and so that's
where we're going to leave you for today
guys I want to say thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here
