are you guys doing today I hope your day
is fantastic I'm currently on a mission
this morning I was editing my video and
I got to the point where I needed a
track a music track and I go to the
internet to download one or at least
look for one and no internet connection
so I called time warner cable and I
asked them hey i have a problem my
internet's not connected blah blah we go
through some steps and we fix it however
20 minutes later not working again my
wired connection was working on my
streaming laptop however all of my
wireless connections weren't working so
the solution they come up with was I
have to break that modem back to a local
Time Warner Cable office so they can
swap it out ha where you going little
teddy bear oh look at her look at her
pants oh where are you going like tha
all right so check me out there's only
one reason I ever put on a button up
shirt that's for weddings our date
nights Mia what are you what are they oh
crap some allies is fine that last clip
was just Veronica need to get the heck
out of here real quick what we're doing
is look I wear a button up shirt
the kids went over to nana's and
Veronica and I are going on
doubleday yeah we're going to meet up
with Seth and Kristen and we're going to
go have some dinner maybe do a little
shopping it's kind of like a parent's
night out for a little bit since the
kids are out of school next week
we're in heaven
could all this traffic
it's insane dropping like bad Trek
everyone's outs last weekend before
Christmas
they're like getting their last minutes
tops I don't even know if you can see me
or not we sure you can but guess where
we're gonna go eat I just want you to
try and guess before I show you about
five seconds look they didn't even turn
the lights on for us but guess where
we're at you guys one of my favorite
spots the old Applebee's yes ma'am oh my
goodness holy moly haha Veronica ordered
a margarita oh we're still waiting on
Southern Christian show up they're
running late what Veronica got some
spinach artichoke dick you got it
sriracha shrimp and the old favorite you
know what these bad boys are these are
my favorite things ever to get here one
time taco
so Michael yo all right
baby
haha we was beginning to worry about you
guys I saw nearly every person between
me and that door just look at me and
then look at you and go there's a
happens there gonna be a fight or
something like I think they thought
there was a computation about to occur
I'm really glad there was no there would
never be a absolute then when I swing
like all bodily it's true every time I
punch somebody at four and if there's a
turd close
where I put someone like every Saturday
usually
like what twice she's wearing makeup I'm
not impressed with their steak that's
good she got the wonton tacos look at
that Seth got a wide variety of things
oh man kills
I got parmesan shrimp through already
taking them by it's pretty good
hello
so
they're not answering I didn't say that
true you're honestly I'm not sure I love
he's guilty I really did look like who's
phone
oh I just did it when he was talking to
her last time she was here I'll even
Backhouse like oh yeah did jokes even do
it
after waiting for him to like this table
he hasn't money for it is now not at all
so we rushed out to the car because it's
freezing out there rushed into inside
the best buy I can't show you what we're
looking at because you know it's
Christmas time the boys watched videos
you know you but uh we got to hurry up
and get home because because why honey
cuz my mom is ready for bed yeah yeah
Nana's watching the kids and she's ready
for bed so we're gonna have to bone yeah
actually we should pick a movie to watch
tonight yeah i'm checking out dude or
your bitches up hey stop it thanks for
coming to dinner with me I can't show
camera what I just did there yeah I'll
see you getting too
hey watch it that's my wife oh so boys
how is nana's good good hi you guys
gonna let the doggie out what that I
feel like veronica baragas just like I'm
ready for bed some reason I feel super
tired as well colon is this your new
pillow mm-hmm you just start sleeping on
your teddy bear mm you're silly you got
all kinds of dog hair on you I know
we're at now two dogs Zeus and ball yeah
she's got Tom's again actually she won
because Taylor died camus died okay
where was my favorite I didn't love him
good god be still my child night Carson
tomorrow's your last basketball game
yeah and we're going to see Star Wars
yeah it's gonna be fun we're gonna blast
tired all right buddy can I say died so
it's currently ten past one in the
morning I've just had to wake up this
girl I just finished editing and
uploading the vlog I promised so that it
would be up for you guys tonight I'm
definitely ready for some shut-eye
because tomorrow we're gonna be a Jetta
yeah sure
good morning good morning son you ready
for your last game you can get another
shot you're sad it's over it's okay
buddy hey there's always next season you
can rock it out and you got your own
basketball hoop so you can always
practice okay that basketball always ask
it yeah it's okay that's why you're
gonna go rock out your last game okay
clear lucky
Oh
look at the dog did you have a fun last
game that's a little little wiener dog
right here we are did you have a fun
last game or what yeah my gosh it's cool
hey little myth oh what a mess so we're
getting ready to go uh to the movies I
ordered tickets for star wars the force
awakens are you guys pumped in 3d but we
got the big recliner chairs the ultra
scream in 3d it's going to be quite a
Star Wars experience yes sir yes sir and
unfortunately Carson's last basketball
game was more of him playing zombies
instead of basketball so that's probably
why I didn't see much basketball footage
so with that we are going to end this
video right here we're going to go catch
a movie and pretty much start right back
here tomorrow so thank you all so much
for watching I can't wait to see you all
right back here
