sup guys how's your day probably gonna
do something fun it's a manly rugged
show you when we get there alright so
we're out here in the country got Jay
with me setting up a little target we
some of you might know if you follow me
for a while we like shooting guns and I
had a little 308 that was kind of a
loner from my dad so we recently
upgraded to a Ruger 9-millimeter this is
a ruger sr9 and just thought we wanted
to come out here and shoot some rounds
off take a little break from the
workload this week
oh I will say it's a bit a bit more
chilly out here than we thought it would
be oh look at you nice i said i wanted
to ten boom that's with this bad boy
right here oh yeah that's a nice shot
I'm happy I can oh what's that huh this
little guys you know as little ones on I
forgot all about it that's cool it's
gotten a little chilly the sun's about
to go down and the wind coming off here
is very cold very cold so we shot off a
box each well you didn't shoot off a box
in about a half block yeah it's nice to
come out and just pop off a few rounds
if you will blow some steam off get out
of the house and something fun good
shooting Jay I'll see you again soon I
got a long drive home man seriously just
to illustrate point i'll show you how
long my drive home is
but uh I wanted to say how's your day
going how's everyone doing hold on Ash
prog drive backwards properly yeah it's
fun to get out and take Jay out of the
house fired a gun a few times I didn't
think it would be as cold as it is today
but standing out in that field is cold
real cool all right here
honey this is for you for me from marcia
actually oh she said for for all those
baby jars you gave her oh yeah yeah
that's like dark in here free virus came
in yeah it's freezing outside trust me
he took echo over mom's yard and through
through and through frisbee oh yeah
loves throw frisbee nice did you like
that echo you like the frisbee girl mean
this is a North Pole cookie mix oatmeal
butterscotch cookie my boo you could
make that if you want I like cookies
what is this did you make her a present
look to Veronica yeah you're missing it
but that's okay what is it what did you
get what would you make for mommy you
wrote a special letter it made you cry
Oh what's this a read it to me well I
wanna hear you read it cuz then be so
grateful yeah I love you so much because
I'm so grateful for you and you are the
best one ever merry Chris shove person
Dora oh my gosh that's the cutest thing
ever dude good job that was a fantastic
letter dude you can write me a letter if
you want well I try at school because
it's it can't have to be a surprise okay
you made that dang look at that that's
another do it yourself um christmas
ornament it's just your handprint with
paint you paint their handprint and then
they grab the ball pretty much and it
leaves and you just paint little fingers
of snow man that's pretty cool I want to
tell you guys I ordered our movie
tickets for star
wars are you sided that is and two days
away yes sir on Saturday right they were
going on Saturday noon yeah yep that's
the 18th any prompt yeah nice you're
gonna give away a present right now oh
you Tahoe you change your mind mommy
daddy don't look at it another ornament
oh cool did you put sparkling blue on
the inside it's glitter glue hold on let
me see it guder clue huh mm-hmm we just
screamed in there like we had the Tory
looks pretty cool little Liza oh look at
her she's like come get me thank you d
what are you doing she's like it's
bright look everyone gets that face when
they see bright lights when they first
wake up
hahahaha I'm feeling frisky so I'm being
playful in Veronica's not having it
right now I'm gonna catch her going off
on me what you got big girl what is that
dad yummy yummy mmm yum yummy yummy
what's for dinner Carson horrific murder
helper it's one of those classic classic
dinners tonight Hamburger Helper oh yeah
do you want water I don't drink that
crap give it to me look at her shirt
yeah I see you are you ready to take a
bath I'm gonna give you a bath look at
her feet one thought only one you gave
you where's your other sock Liza where
is it where where is it I think there
anything wrong somewhere blank yeah
you're playing the water
she loved that loved that you know what
I'm just real Evan
first Christmas how incredibly awesome
Liza it's your first Christmas big hero
yeah you like that tough Oh Liza Oh Liza
all right it's time for treatment echo
wait echo has to be I mean pretty sure
you're supposed to do this on a regular
basis we treatment 3mon every three
months three months supply we also have
a cat one yeah that one's her cats that
was pretty fun mm-hmm that one this one
is for even so we don't have an appt
injections yeah cuz that's the worst and
I already noticed like she's starting to
ditch him scratching it so much it's
alright it's alright no oh my gosh there
is wrong thank you a whole hogs down and
I lost spot it's right here well right
Oh might as well treat fluffy too just
in case one same schedule fluffy seem to
know what's going on we can't find it
yeah is he back there oh he's behind the
tree
look at him fluffy what are you doing
what are you doing get the gate open hey
Koki kitty yeah yo Kelly who's a good
Clint a squeeze them we suppose it I see
you I see you didn't where's Liza IDU I
see you bqb you're sitting there on the
outside of the home Italian peekaboo you
see hmm a tu oh good time to run good
night hmm hey he's not even tired I'm
not never you both are daddy's keeps and
wiser last Papa since he's going night
night
I never thought I'd find them in the
plans cillian good morning sweetheart
morning morning I got very waffles mmm
leggo my eggo no seriously leggo my eggo
yummy butter what did I miss you had a
bullet milk like a little kitty cat the
boys are allowed to wear pjs school
today look so this is what Carson's were
in school Colin doesn't have as little
paint on there gonna be green mommy's
making lunches hey do the money just so
here we are at the bus stop it's the
last day of the week it's funny how time
flies doesn't it I remember just
yesterday it was Monday and we were like
it's the first day of the rest of the
week before Christmas break oh oh well I
did a little boy so the clock out the
window hmm what because he wanted it
because he wanted to see time fly hey oh
boy Colin have a super fun day okay I
love you
looks like a shoe is in time today on
this day most of the schools around here
even my school when I was going to
school um they do like holiday party
says sit around and watch Christmas
movies and eat cookies they just kind of
I don't know relax for the day seven
swans a-swimming six geese a light
golden rings four calling Birds three
French hens two turtle and a partridge
didn't your waiting for the bus and
person singing the 12 please Christmas
let's go you don't know all of them
here's your charter to your camera yeah
that's the charger yay have a fun day
buddy I love you get ready for Christmas
break dude alright guys so I'm finishing
up editing the pizza challenge video and
I actually have to I can't even upload
it and there's a big issue I actually
have to take my own modem back to time
warner cable's like one of their local
offices so i can swap it out because
i've been having issues with it forever
in its i think it's the actual unit that
needs to be replaced so unfortunately i
can't upload anything until i go take
that thing back but before i leave you
guys for today we as youtubers are part
of a community oh you just like we as
humans are part of humanity together
we're all in this together and right now
unfortunately um there's a couple that
really need our help and if we can help
in any way possible I won't at least
give this a shot as some of you don't
know Jesse from prank versus prank
Jesse's mom's been missing for I think
four days now and I couldn't even
imagine what he's going through what
their
gone through as a family especially
being so close to the holidays the only
information that i can give you is the
video that i seen gina post on their
channel yesterday and i'm going to link
it below directly on the top of the
description box i feel like it's my my
duty as a as a decent human being to at
least do something to help so if you
guys the gladiators can help keep your
eyes out in that video they'll give you
a description of the car she drives the
pictures of what she looks like in the
license plates in an approximate like
region where you can keep your eyes out
for her so we gotta do this for them you
guys i mean if i lived closer i'd be out
on the corners just looking as often as
I could but it's just far away from me
so if any of you gladiators are out
there and live close to the Philadelphia
New Jersey area do give this video watch
and keep your eyes out and help them out
so much I can't imagine what it must be
like going through that right now so my
thoughts are with you Jesse and Gina and
family it's just terrible so gladiators
get to work see if you can't help aid in
the in the finding of jessie's mom and
so that's where I'm going to leave you
guys today i want to thank you guys so
much for watching and as always we'll
see you right back here tomorrow
