what's up guys what are you doing today
me and Carson are up here checking out
the new minecraft story mode game
sorry we're starting today's video kind
of late but you know I've been really
working on something but check this out
minecraft story mode what a different
take on our beloved minecraft I think
the coolest part is that it takes all
the parts of Minecraft that you love and
turns it into this like story mode
narrative type deal so you get to
actually like get to know these
characters so cool I'm fun what is your
favorite part so far yeah the building
yeah yeah one thing I've noticed just by
sitting and watching watching him for
just a couple minutes is that throughout
the dialogue it asks you how you want
the story to go so it like you get to
choose your own adventure and it's it's
so cool many many things to tell tale
games for sponsoring today's video and
make sure you guys go down below in the
description and click the link so you
can get minecraft story mode and play
this game with us it's so much fun I'm
gonna stop editing now and finish
playing this comparison look who's up
8:08 it's not eight a week there you go
way better go get Eliza personalizes
awake okay you can keep playing that's
fun hey baby girl oh no what did you
have a good nappy man we're gonna have
to lower your bed aren't we you're
getting too tall yeah yes you are
Wow yeah you want help you want dad day
she wants that person look who's up
little was uh she actually took a role
in that
it's like 3d yeah I don't think I'm ever
gonna get you off there but we have a
live stream tonight so you're gonna have
to wrap it up soon look at the window
man the Sun decided to come out
let's get your butt changed I smell a
ripe diaper err it's Colin Colin Tom
Liza its Colin yeah mm-hmm how's school
dude yeah nice you can watch some baby
cartoons with us now so tonight's live
streams and be kind of fun because you
know it's the Christmas season or
holiday season whichever one you're less
sensitive to hearing I feel like we
should do some giveaways I want to do
some giveaways on the twitch channel
because of everyone who followed me over
there and I also want to do some
giveaways right here on the vlog channel
so those will be coming up next week for
the Christmas week and I don't know I'm
just I feel like we need to decorate
some more for Christmas all we have huh
currently is the tree and the stockings
and stuff Colin what do you say we put
up like the garland and all those other
Christmas stuffs in our
no I mean all over the rest of the house
remember we used to do the doorway up
here we used to put garland up there and
we got to put the wreaths on our front
door and by the garage door and all that
stuff we got to get like it's time to
get in the Christmas spirit can I get a
high five for that give me a better high
five come on dude
give me a good high five oh come on
Colin are you dancing that's how she
dances oh you like that show huh
she can't even contain herself she's
like mommy actually went to go see my
cousin Sonny we just found out recently
that my cousin Sonny and Chad are
expecting a baby and it's very exciting
it'll be Sonny's first kid Chad's first
kid and I hope they know what they're
getting into because Sonny is the type
of girl who will sleep until 2:00 p.m.
she's not a morning person she needs her
sleep I know because I used to live with
him and it's gonna be so different for
her to have to like not sleep first of
all and taking care of a baby and stuff
but it's I know it's gonna be the best
thing ever for them because having kids
like really puts a fire under you know
what to get stuff done I mean but how
could you not want that right there
who's behind you Eliza who's behind you
ah momma's home I was beginning to worry
I would have to start the live stream
with you god
knows good girl
she just lame Mac so smart Liza here
don't smart I didn't vlog the whole
livestream I didn't am i fired you're
never really fired okay how come it's a
live stream but not on YouTube because
live streams are gameplay happening on
Twitch what Supergirl gaming yeah yeah
well they don't have to be reserved for
you
super to go gaming yeah
just like back in the day there was
Mario Brothers
and then there was super my brother oh
you wouldn't kiss the camera kiss it
I'm just kidding I'm still here trying
to get work done
goodnight mr. mr. pants well I haven't
had Doritos I gotta get up the
temperature difference between my room
and down here is night and day
it's very chilly down here compared to
up there because of all the stuff that's
running all the computer stuff so I
think bro I was supposed to leave me on
some dinner
what do you think fluff it's late huh
you're just chilling on the floor not
candy seems that fluffy and I are the
only ones up still it's 12:15 I've been
working so much on this website
it's time for bed
we're just going to go straight to the
coffee five hours later good morning
look at this I've only had enough time
for two sips of coffee and Eliza's
already pulled out the Tupperware why
does that do that Carson you let her do
it
silly pants well we've got everyone up
there getting dressed for school
maybe Eliza's a little cutie he's a
little wrecking ball wise are you one
day turn the tree on so it's nice and
pretty look she said she looked right at
the tree she was like I know that ready
watch it watch that tree big girl
one two three oh look at my pumpkin Oh
pumpkin Oh pumpkin look at you oh oh
come here
daddy's debut
I had to give a view lies the bottle so
you guys missed cars are calling getting
on the bus but Carson you're getting on
the bus guess what today's hey come here
look today's Thursday bro broski broseph
bro Alya Bronk is going to work out
again she's working on a little bit of
this a little bit of this a little bit
of this oh I like it
when you get back I'm gonna go work out
pump the muscles pump the geometer have
a fun day at school okay but she can't
happen
no baby if you can hear the bell that
booty that means you you believe and I
was watching that movie last night I was
thinking to myself you know it's so true
how like as you grow older your
perception of Christmas changes and I
can recall back when I was a little kid
all the Christmases they they always had
some sort of like special feeling about
the holidays and comment if you agree
there's there's something about the
holidays that that change it I mean
there's like this feeling in the air you
can feel the the difference the
Christmas spirit and like when you get
older that feeling changes or fades and
now more when there's all this political
correctness about you know religious
sensitivity and how Christmas you know
people in public don't say Oh
she's gonna get my coffee anyway yeah so
people out in public they don't really
say to you Merry Christmas like they
used to
and I feel like it's because of that it
sucks man because like I remember being
a kid
Christmas was Christmas was like widely
recognized as the most happy time of the
year you know and and people like really
got into they got into it you know they
decorated and they and they did things
for other people and it was like this
charitable feeling that you knew would
happen when Christmas was around and I
feel like that's changed a little bit
and it's really sad that's my piece
Veronica's out working out and I'm
sitting here with the baby and the dog
burger and that's where my mommy strange
I am going to refill my cup of coffee
stop getting all philosophical and call
it a day so think about what I said well
as always I truly love having you here
last night's livestream went really well
so thank you guys for joining we did a
couple giveaways make sure if you want
to get in on some more giveaways on the
twitch channel you got to come check out
the live streams there there are
actually a ton of fun so there's always
that a huge thanks again to telltale
games for sponsoring today's video how
cool is that to have the Minecraft story
mode
sponsor either daily vlog I thought that
was really cool
and I tell you guys in that in the
spirit of transparency so I do
appreciate all you guys thank you so
much for watching and I can't wait to
see you all right back here tomorrow
