what's up guys today we are getting
ready for well lookout some friends
coming over some new friends my buddy
that I went to work with Sunday filming
Kevin teeths he and his wife are
actually coming over with their dog Nora
it's gonna be kind of like a Pucci
playdate if you will I was upstairs on a
phone call for so long Mike and Brittany
just showed up they're over there
letting the dogs play in the yard
all right so Mike and Britain you're
here Brittany everyone hasn't met you
yet this is Brittany Mike hello look at
your dog yeah this is the star of the
channel all right come here they look
like they're friends already oh yeah
HECO just loves other dogs she sees
another dog she's like oh oh heck oh you
got a new friend come here
she wants you guys Nora was like quick P
she's away they're like going crazy with
each other
well echo is right brought both the dogs
in they're definitely tired but they
still have some residual energy echo is
like that that goes like that annoying
dog they break you by Laura we'll find
something as long as you don't knock
over the Christmas tree I'm pretty much
good with anything Mize is talking to
Brittany
where's the doggie she's like I remember
that next she just non-stop do you see
the donkey oh all right so we can't just
sit around and watch the dogs play oh we
can googoo gaga over there baby we're
gonna do some fun stuff Mike and I were
in Lancaster yesterday
well Sunday yeah it's Sunday I shared a
Mount Pleasant which is a really cool
overlook of Lancaster what we're gonna
do is we're gonna we're gonna go to the
park we're gonna hang out I'm gonna show
them that view which is super awesome
and I'm gonna ply the drought up there
it's gonna be nice and we're gonna come
back here and do some games my cat
what's the name of this game you have
that that board game thing no your
humans yeah okay well I looked at a
couple of the cards and it's just
perfectly ridiculous
and so for each of our channels we're
gonna do some kind of fun game what
we're gonna do I don't know if they have
in stock because it's like the hottest
new game right now so we'll have to play
by ear but either way we're gonna do
something fun we're gonna have fun with
the games when we come back
pantyhose tug-of-war okay tell me what I
need to get just pain really we're just
doing new pantyhose don't worry so don't
go anywhere we're gonna have some fun
today
all right we're here that's it that's
our Mountain dude nice that's a mountain
yeah
Davis court looked an aura perked up
she's like oh no this is our locally our
highest point that we have access to
I've actually seen some pictures kind of
embarrassing to say this is our highest
point having been that somewhere like
California and when I went to slow town
you can go back here go back there
you go too slow town and there's like
mountains surrounding the whole city
such a beautiful thing to see but here
this this is all we got oh there's fun
fact go right here right over here no no
oh yeah that parking lot right there you
see that gazebo right here that's where
me and Veronica got married yeah man
that's awesome right there hold on let
me see this you have a a man pack a bro
bag a bro bag leash these are the
troubles of having a dog with white fur
look at the backseat the grater look
right there this is after vacuuming by
the way there's a couple trips I don't
know awesome can you like couldn't you
like let her just go and put yourself on
a sled and you could just sled across
alright so we're going up there from
here it doesn't look that big it's a
decent little walk but it's not that bad
this thing and Britney's ready to go
home a little too easy with wet leaves
on the ground you got to be real careful
my slip fall bump your toosh you know it
is cool too cool for you though check it
out oh boy there's the dogs helping us
you see that those guys were like how
can we pet the dog oh my gosh do you
better believe this this guy pulls out a
flipping business card this girl
sorry I need to step up my promo game
get some business cards out here yes
alright guys check it out the highest we
can get on ground level anyways you let
me climb the tree what do you think Bret
yeah it is nice it is nice I thought
it'd be windy up here but it's actually
not
yeah true well you know what it's time
to get you guys a better view I think
Mike's actually using my battery cuz
this is dead hope and we're worried like
if that's an issue or not but my soon
find out
hey watch out for that tree
let's compare footage on the drones
today okay guys make sure you go to my
channel and watch it and see who's
better just a friendly competition
here's one difference I found between
the two this being the this is the
standard right yeah so look on the
bottom here behind the kit the gimbal
there's nothing back there right on mine
it has it's what they call the vision
positioning system back where his this
blank mine has this little box here you
see the two black dots those are sensors
and vision positioning is to help slot
help this thing fly in case you don't
have access to GPS for instance like if
you're indoors the vision positioning
system helps recognize like distance to
the floor and I think it only works up
to around nine or ten feet so that's one
of the differences the remote controller
has a big difference to like to see our
minds set up like this with quite a
different like device holder and the
antennas and it has a direct connection
to the phone where as Mike's so this
controller just has a single antenna of
course the two joysticks a very
different clamp for your device and
there's no direct connection like wired
connection it's run off Wi-Fi so
visually those are a couple of the
differences between the two still I mean
you've got a flying camera that one
supports 2k the professional shoots up
to 4k
a partridge in a pear tree well that was
fun gave you guys a cool look of where I
got married man that's awesome
what did you think of the drone flying
am I good or am I good I want to see go
through the gazebo though I'm not that
brave oh we had to make pit stop for
some Starbucks I came in it was a really
good experience that you guys missed out
on because I went in here shopping for
some pantyhose and had a woman help me
figure out which were the best pair to
pick and then I actually paid for said
pantyhose at the Starbucks inside the
Kroger there so it's all-around weird
experience at least it wasn't tampons I
guess yeah
breathing crazy isn't that a pretty dog
yeah all right well we're getting ready
to play a couple of games the first one
is this game is actually gonna go on
Mike's channel it's a fun little know
you're humans I don't know yeah I looked
at a couple of the cards and it's pretty
insane super random but funny funny
funny yours is equally as ridiculous I
know just you wait for us on our channel
where you're gonna see sides of us that
you may have never seen before
you need like a symmetrical object
so we got to move the table out of the
way because we're moving on to our our
fun game now which is the guys both
carried it with one hand carrying a
canvas well we just finished a game that
we played with Mike and Brittany for
their channel very fun game know your
humans we're getting to the PS dealer
resistance the pantyhose is it a
challenge this is a challenge it's a
tug-of-war the pantyhose tug-of-war this
is about to get really weird-looking
this game is the pantyhose tug-of-war
Mike and I are gonna put the pantyhose
over our heads
we got a hold on tight all right yeah
we're gonna start back-to-back in the
middle and I wouldn't suggest running
yeah so I'm really strong with her you
ain't fast like a cheetah we've got gas
tape on the floor over here and back
there and we're gonna try and make it to
those lines without hurting ourselves
you ready sure
are you ready let's do this scoot up
this is the first time I've ever worn a
knee now you don't have to hold it okay
okay does that feel good on your
eyeballs
not because of the pantyhose but because
this is funny bro veronika just showed
me pictures on her phone that is the
funniest thing I've ever seen but what's
even more funny is that now it's your
turn
good job Brittany Brittany is the winner
all right so we got one more round and
that's with the boys I'm getting a
poison on detection this is the
championship match the pantyhose
tug-of-war three two one
someday we had to like focus on filming
and working but today I was kind of
quarter just a different type of work we
got to like hang out Britney and we
played some games which was really
really fun my face hurts not feeling the
pain because I was laughing so hard it
was fun
look echo let me see echo lost a tooth
take it it's just a little thing just a
little tooth
Mike responded that was fun Brittany was
the pleasure to have you I know I know I
usually split you know I split my vlogs
half days I might just have to end
today's vlog tonight thank you for
coming I'll see you guys again soon
yes take care I have not seen echo this
pooped ever she's done echo consumed
left there she looks overage she doesn't
want to raise her head yeah look how
things good for her to meet other dogs
and interact with them so that when she
meets other dogs she's not like crazy
yeah tired yeah I'm hungry what's for
dinner I don't know
all I know is I just want to eat
something I could care less where it
comes 439 oh my gosh late alright
dinnertime guy no what are you doing
though girl it's time for bed you can't
say ever watch TV no no no ma'am it's
time to put the kids in bed they have
school tomorrow still I think I'm not
ready to call it a day myself I'm pretty
uh I'm pretty tired night Colin sleep
tight buddy tomorrow's Wednesday that's
the middle of the week you're almost the
Christmas break dude why does that seem
so wrong night buddy
love you here put this shirt on goodness
he's getting all picky with what shirt
he wants to wear for school I had
already gotten Collin on the bus too
which is kind of a funny thing because
we're sitting out there waiting and all
the sudden we see the bus and it doesn't
have its lights on and then it just
keeps going we just went down to Collin
knows where the next bus stop is so we
caught it down there all right get your
shoes on it's almost ready dude
time to go I think it's a good place to
leave you for today I know today's
videos probably already quite lengthy
and I appreciate you staying to hang out
and watch the whole thing if you did
make sure you leave a big thumbs up for
today's video I have some things coming
this weekend that you're gonna like all
right I got to get Carson to school and
I can suppose that's it thank you so
much for watching
can't wait to see all of you right back
here
