what's up guys welcome to our day
special day we're doing some fun stuff
I'm sure you we got Kevon teats in the
house you guys remember him super
amazing BMX rider I'm not fluffing him
just because he's here and we've got
Mike in town Mike writer yeah yeah
Mike's actually helped me out with
today's shoot a fellow vlogger filmmaker
youtuber from the Cincinnati area so I
hope you guys get to know Mike
throughout today we're gonna be together
all day well most of it anyways um but
we're here right now at target because
we're filming and it's a little chilly
hey guys everyone gives the awkward
stare when someone's blogging I know I
can't help but anyways it's a little
chilly supposed to be warm today and I'm
kind of being a girl because i need a
sweatshirt so we'll get a swisher all we
need i got a sweatshirt kevin got towels
why did we get towels it's a bargain
damn you can't have that yak about
that's bad when you're trying to ride
your bike stream tricks on these ramps
the smallest bit of moisture will ruin
your day here hold this I gotta pee the
reason we had to get towels is because
the skate light in the morning gets
really damp and wet and Kevin would be
visiting an early grave if you try to
ride that walkway so we got everything
dried off it looks good and Mike
actually brought penny boards today if
you remember the last time we filmed
here and I was riding skateboard I ate
it hard on this crack right here this
monster it don't look any better either
so cross your fingers for me guys
haha you getting all set up you think of
the backboard I like it it's actually
kind of smooth yeah it's not too bad it
is a little slippery though yeah well if
your feet are wet you're done for yeah
hopefully you don't have an issue I
think we'll be all right so Mike's
setting up the handheld gimbal yeah
these things are fabulous that's the g3
right yep nice nice I've got the Phantom
3 he's also got a phantom this one is
the what standard yeah well we're still
cool we can still be cool together no
worries so we're going to try and get a
mixture of handheld gimbal shots drone
shots
and Kevin's Kevin's going to do some
hopefully very impressive gaps today we
were going to do this he does this line
right here where he takes that Bank all
the way up and then he gaps that fence
but someone took the fence down on that
section so now it's not cool enough not
hard core enough I don't think we'll be
doing that so instead he's going to do
what he did before except we've got some
cooler angle with this fly box over here
to that Bank there max height test on
this quarter okay so on this quarter
we're gonna do a drone shot top down to
see if he can come up at the camera but
we want to make sure that we're high
enough so that when he reaches his peak
I don't want to be close to it so it's
kind of sketchy but that's how I roll
you getting tired wait no way what's
tired everything's going good so far
getting some really good shots of the
drone uh a lot more difficult tracking
something than just flying around so
it's taking a lot of practice hey hold
on bro I gotta get ready I gotta get
ready the birds on the ground Oh sneak
peek in the vlogs will give you guys a
little sneak peek set this camera up
here
seemed to have left you guys out there
for quite a long time but we're moving
on wait we got 25 minutes oh great good
awesome perfect Oh stunt double we got a
stunt double Mike's the stunt oh oh I'll
do right now any last words bro I hope
this goes well if you guys remember we
did this Gabby well not we got I can't
take credit kevan to this before right
here so he comes up this Bank flies over
all this crap and lands over there on
that concrete oh this is for the video
it he got the gap three times was it
three times and on the last one yeah
well we want it we got what we wanted so
you guys enjoy your butts on this edit
we we wanted to get like a bar spin on
this but there's just not enough time
right so it's this is kind of a big what
would you say how many feet is it from
this point to their that's huge it's
been almost like a dirt bike yeah well
you did good my friend thanks but he's
got to go to some ice skate all cool
kids do on Sundays yeah all right man
was awesome we'll see you again soon he
Tuesday yeah Mike did awesome Mike yep
what do you think how'd it go pretty
good stand being over to the tracking
shouts I don't well have a chance to do
that a lot anymore so the answer lucky
it was definitely different my first
experience flying the drone following
something like yeah like Kevin who's
very fast yeah yeah and it's in it's
weird food because there's kind of a
delay the the copter doesn't like get to
speed immediately you have to start
moving and then it'll gradually pick up
speed but Kevin's like yeah gone
although it says it can go 25 miles an
hour yeah it takes a minute asa yeah bit
to get that speed up but I think we got
some really cool shots you got a way up
top down shot of the whole entire
skatepark some top down shots of quarter
pipe tricks we got some follow shots
from the side view like all the way down
also helps that subject that's really
talented Nick actually
stuff ya know okay to skateboarding it's
like one out of every 15 shots you
actually like landa yeah yeah yeah we
burned a lot of media in LA doing that
actually all right so it's time for us
to get the heck out of here we got we
got other stuff to do there listen dude
thank you so much for your help well I
want I want you guys to go check out
Mike's channel let him know what you
think of him he's gonna wife Brittany
they do gaming stuff what else do you do
on your count we have dogs we have fun
we travel try and stay healthy and go do
fun things each and every day that
sounds fun super fun look the links in
the description press record is the name
of their channel everybody yeah its
action it's a call to action so it's
driving people to go do something and
yeah go go find something worth
recording nice that goes back they're
all mad I want attention I just brought
her out oh the country so I'm heading
out here to scotty's house you guys
remember Scotty today's his birthday
I know it's most a live stream tonight
but I had to switch some things some
things around so I can get my filming
done today with Kevin and I got most of
the vlog edited but I just ran out of
time Scotty's coming home I want to hang
out with my buddy on his birthday and I
don't know I just feel like I would be
horrible friend if I did so Scotty
coming to hang with you dude for the
last part of your birthday but still
coming haha you brushing your bare have
my people that's a good that's a good
way to brush it man look at that
technique how are you happy birthday
happy birthday an old me you now I know
how's it feel precious angel what okay I
heard me I heard you wanted to fly the
drone for your birthday yeah really well
we've got about 20 minutes of light left
you want to fly know what yeah yeah God
put the wings on there and we get the
phone setup so excuse us while we get
that done oops cut Scotty is definitely
flying the drone solo I took it off I'll
it did the liftoff and all that got it
up in the air show in the control but uh
what do you think so far crazy
yo watch out for the tree
well Scotty you're an official drone
pilot dude yep way to the camera
think you got the hang of this brother
get up here weird today was full of
drone flying for me especially the
challenges of filming Kevin on his bike
ripping through the park I was so much
fun I wish you were to come for that but
I know you had things to do as your
birthday yeah been awesome i love been
an awesome yeah he actually knows kevin
through his uncle who does the tattoo
studio and his uncle has done all of
kevin's tattoos which is kind of cool
like small world he was like yo you know
this bike rider Kevin teeth sounds like
yeah actually I'm gonna go film with him
so it turned out to be like it's cool
small world coincidence i thing then
they were you doing Oh Lindsay tired for
Lindsay Scott's a official drone pilot
now yeah he flew the drone good he's all
about it was awesome awesome oh I can
learn nothing it's just yeah it's just
like a video game for real I I look at
it as a video game when you're watching
the monitor it's a video game but the
controllers do it puts that thing where
it needs to go really accurately yeah
yeah so it's good investments like away
yeah yeah yeah it's like a well
calibrated machine yeah yeah you guys
look who showed up
Veronica showed up with baby Eliza and
the boys look at her she's so sleepy
she's like wasted else around you got to
be quiet you gotta be quiet remember
when you saw this dog in the wall before
look how big he is now he's definitely
past I go up ya know what old life is
gonna be mad she woke up it's time for
us to go home it's Sunday night boys you
got school tomorrow is this your last
week a sport this this way this year
last week of school dudes before
Christmas brave that's exciting happy
birthday dude everyone go where's Scott
a happy birthday in combination and
closes ha I'll see you dude hey by
Lindsay hey boys are having a late night
snack before bed my graham crackers
we're just talking about pranks and the
things that we've done over the summer
and throughout the year I was just
thinking it's time for us to really put
some thought into the end of the year
like recap video right we got to
summarize we got to summarize all the
cool things that happened this year hey
no no no down yeah what do you think
what was your favorite moment um my
favorite moment when was when we were in
and also solar roofing when is he went
around jumped on top and then boom let
into our bedroom yeah you mean when
James and Holly were here was your
favorite moment Carson
is way oh my favorite moment was when it
was when you check one uh you what was
your favorite moment from this year it
was a pretty good moment hmm i don't
know you guys should help us out you
shouldn't go back throughout all of the
videos on our channel from this year and
pick out what bits you think or what
moments from the videos are worthy
enough to go in the end of the year
video a lot of you longtime viewers
probably don't even have to go back to
those videos just let us know like one
of those old videos and share it with us
on Twitter so we can hash tag end of
your recap end of your recap good but
first you gotta tag one good night just
telling me goodnight yeah man did you
have a good day honey yeah it was
productive yeah yep get some stuff done
yeah wait wait me too me too I was
reviewing some of the drone footage some
of it is really really good I'm so glad
we got that because those are the parts
of the video that I think are just going
to add a lot so I think I have that one
in the bag yeah now it's time to move on
waiting for music we're still waiting
for music on the trailer so as soon as
that's done hmm hey what the I'm
definitely ready to say this couch and
is like
good morning guys it's such a great
morning it looks like it's gonna be the
perfect day to just sit around and edit
yeah time to get you to your bus little
dude where is he all right have a good
first day of the rest of the week of the
before the it's Christmas vacation yeah
Colin was actually really good morning
usually he's painting about to get up
cuz he's tired but he's a sprinkle yeah
so today is the first day of the last
week of school before Christmas break
and then we have two weeks off so they
have they have Christmas I'm still
asleep so I have Christmas off and new
years they don't go back to school until
after New Year's that's pretty cool
Carson you ready for your last week
school to start yes winter face are you
I'm excited to have them home where's my
coat guess what it's December and you
don't need your coat yep it's true story
it's actually nice out yeah and mommy's
going to work out that's fantastic I me
Annalise are gonna sit here and get some
work done hi baby take that day you do
say dead dad hey Baba Yaga it's it's
bottle time for Eliza hi guys so the
kids are at school maybe lies is taking
a nap it's time for me to get some work
done I have a terrible workload this
week so you may not see a vlog for two
different days just maybe one but that
doesn't mean you won't see us for a day
I've got a challenge video coming up I'm
shooting a review video and I've got
some other things planned this week
should be pretty hilarious in the gilroy
household so don't you go anywhere so
that
all I've got for you today make sure you
stay tuned thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see all of you
right back here tomorrow
