what's up guys welcome to the day I know
we're starting right here at grammy's
house what are you guys gonna do this
we're gonna do the piece with the kiddo
cookies again on what they got the whole
cookie making station set up all the
icing flavors all these cutouts are the
Santa cut up that's Grammys tray to do
oh okay the kiddos get to do this all
the little ones we have all kinds of
Charlie Brown I would you guys have fun
with that me and Grandpa are gonna go
over to the mound Oh have some aerial
footage over there while they do all the
girly cookie stuff you'll see our
footage from there well they're doing
cookies over here honey hi you're in
charge okay guys wises first Christmas
cookie hmm what's on there I carved up
not the whole thing big bites oh she got
the icing tick bite bite bite it and
then with one bite it Hey Oh Vera piece
came off Oh make sure you chew it chew
it till your mommy go you let these
chewy chewy here hold on tonight Wow 32
easy peasy you want sprinkles to it who
is a good hey guys up through some of
the Christmas cookie you guys let me
know it she's eating it up
how you doing so far again look like it
Oh looks good snivy you stay over there
home blue Lucy carwin I it this could be
on there in the books so well sprinkled
covered snowman container he knows you
having fun Merry Christmas yeah come on
what some nice they're actually doing
really good this year Carson what did
you say you wanted Lily snow came again
what pic we don't know
well all the kids made it outside they
kind of put a little mass in here we're
gonna finish him up no them mommy's just
get to sit in here and finish cookies
gossip yeah you know mmm oh I'm gonna
show you these that Grammy is doing we
didn't do these the other day these are
just her holiday specialties in a sense
of faces look at this at the faces
they're not done yet you still put a
little something on the rosy cheeks
right no food coloring yeah now yo you
came to keys yep one house in
kindergarten my mom made 35 of those for
my cold kindergarten class oh good and
when that lady over there was in her
kindergarten class I need 27 of them
from her kindergarten class oh you're so
lucky this is supposed to be snippy and
charlie brown knit didn't have many
options for eyes I guess I just kind of
toss from 8am zombies yeah yeah that's
okay and then license back please no
like you know man how'd you even do that
with an icing bag you want to find out
open your mouth yep oh god oh my god oh
you wanna show what
Liza that's the cutest chair I've ever
seen you sit in look at you oh did your
little rocking chair rocking mom mom
watch it's acoustic it's about time to
leave the Snowman place you guys are
going to olive garden yeah yeah my mom
is coming over so i have to give me up
of my mom's house with this little
darling we're just gonna go eat bring me
some food yeah well hey boys you make
sure you're good okay don't be acting up
at Oliver please yeah yeah bye bye bye
bye no you're coming with me yeah you're
coming with me I have been looking
everywhere for this camera it turns out
I left it right there on the front seat
of the Jeep but I've been hanging out
with my mom and dad and Burana thing
then just got back and brought me some
food it's mmm big old plate of spaghetti
meatballs in some salad huh we're all
sitting on our new couch here talking
about tv's dad wants to get a 55-inch
curved TV no mom says no oh oh she just
said no again I said no to you weird if
she says no one more time to dad because
dad doesn't like to be told now then we
get together best buy tonight and it
gives 55-inch curved TV I don't know the
difference you guys should tell me in
the comments if you have or haven't seen
one what is the difference between a
regular flat panel and a curved TV
apparently it gives you a proper viewing
angle no matter where you're sitting at
I've seen them in in display and they
look fantastic but that's what dad wants
really bad occur to you which one 55 or
samsung yeah or Sony Samsung ok 4k yep
hmm maybe want to Franz just watching
laughing like you want a curved yeah
there you go you guys can have this one
and we'll give it a 55-inch curved maybe
I was going to sleep she had a bottle
and she's out mom dad's still here and
actually Eliza's last quest before she
fell asleep was destroying all of our
bowls out here our tupperware is now on
the floor that girl is something else
she sure is cute though right I'm gonna
finish the full of ice time for the
points to go to bed boys we can't we
can't let you not say goodnight again we
missed it last night we missed your
saying good night last night dude you
know because those you don't want to
miss this yeah what are you watching oh
the Hulk ah it's a good movie smart he
kicked us in the face yeah that's true
tavern one good night again the TV no oh
good morning pumpkin pumpkin pie
high five oh no no high fives okay okay
well good morning to you guys it's early
on a Sunday morning laws is very man
here's what I'm doing today i have
scheduled a video shoot to finish up
kevin teeths BMX video for the legends
box and I have a special guest someone
you may have never ever seen before that
I hooked up with it was at the jeremy
loops concert met a guy turns out he's a
local youtuber so I thought we'd hang
out so with that I'm gonna eat these
fine-looking eggs my wife made me for
breakfast and that's where we're gonna
leave you guys for today thank you so
much for watching and I can't wait to
see all of you right back here tomorrow
