what's up you guys something about to
get my hair cut well what do you think
looks good right yeah yeah had to head
to break from the barber shop today to
go see my home girl over at fiesta the
girl I used to go to school with no you
know it's nice to keep in touch with
people that you know or once knew but
yeah got my new haircut now it's time to
go back home oh no no we need to stop at
the grocery store because I'm picking up
a bunch of ingredients for a challenge
video we're doing tonight oh I'll make
it a surprise you wait you'll have to
wait we're doing microwave meals because
we have no time to cook food and eat I
have to edit today's video which i still
haven't done that yet and be ready for
when the boys come home to film our
challenge video which were excited about
Veronica's also suggested a different
challenge video doubling up on the
challenges this week I don't think we
should put up to any craft oh yeah
another craft to do man I'm gonna have
to edit all this you're super good out
of those I'm super good at it though
you're a whiz like just wham it's done
well it takes time you know and you
would have to vlog if I'm stuck editing
tellin I can
you can do that must be nice as we can
maybe two kids on a walk hmm I go
upstairs and my full intentions were to
go up there and edit the vlog however I
got severely sidetracked very bad but it
was for a good reason and it provides me
the ability to proudly announce that the
first sale from the new shop has just
been completed and I needed to go in
there and monitor some things and make
sure that everything was right and it is
but i'm not going to open the store just
yet we have a little more time now we'll
work on it tonight to make sure early
next week okay Carson are you doing bud
what's stuck this is what do you mean
it's stuck it's stuck this is stuck on
something underneath it doesn't look
stuck it's not stuck it's stuck look
there it is right there you just fixed
it I put it here I feel like the big
space inside this freezer is is it less
I feel like it's less no it's not just
after with the web written librium all
right the scene is set up to move that
battery is not stuff maybe but we're
getting ready to do our challenge video
yeah you never want to do a challenge
video well you well we're gonna do it
look Carson type I'm hi mommy hi baby hi
babies hype hey get that book bag in the
coke picked up please please please
please and your folder and your lunch
box and allies will take care of her
toys in about 10 years yeah yeah all
right so if you haven't guessed by now
we're doing the pizza challenge this is
going to be fun what we transformed poor
Liza's over here we've transformed the
kitchen into a bona fide set she wants
to be in the video that's why she's
upset all right you guys we gotta hurry
I'm start filming right that was uh that
was interesting you look like you love
you so much so bad and Grandpa walked in
the middle of it he came by to get the
kids they're staying at grammys tonight
he's actually picking up pizza for
dinner really why don't you say how does
it meet job it's really good said no one
ever LA via my grandpa where are you
going sweetheart see we're going by
bastards about that booba piece I'm out
Oh see me Anna as promised I now have to
go upstairs and edit the video um Branca
you should probably take everyone to
your moms yeah I know it's a lot of fun
over there and everything I just noticed
ok you guys have fun with her I'll get
this done very quickly
okay so what happened was veronica was
supposed to guard her mouth and vlog
stuff but i ended up coming over to get
the camera because yesterday's vlog was
still on it and she didn't come home
till I called clock however I was
working on a couple things couple things
that I can't spoil yet so we're here now
for this video I'm about to go get
Carson as you know they spent the night
at Grammys Carson has a basketball game
this morning some give myself a big fat
cup of coffee oh sure mr. take with me
and we're in a good Carson's basketball
game All Right girls look there's my
girls in the morning cut it up together
my sweetheart oh I love you mm-hmm I'll
be back come back and get us after
scheme will be ready okay here we go I
saw almost backed up the garage with the
door still down haha it's early
can you see me I'm gonna run up on ha ha
ha are you ready for your basketball
game Mickey man how are you okay hmm
whoa you ready give me five if you're
alive oh I want to see a basket today
dude I'm so thirsty to see a basket from
you you're gonna try your best and make
a basket for me do it for daddy your
first spots on the bench huh yeah don't
worry it's your time to get out there
and rock it dude hey rebounds rebounds
shooting and guarding okay Oh person get
a rebound it
jeez Cougars look bro come on you
couldn't wrong dude drill
and persons got the tallest kid
ah good try Carson shoot a dude shoot it
yeah good job dude yeah dude oh whoa
good job your first basket yeah that's
awesome
maybe someday when you grow up you can
be an NBA player yeah you better return
that go get your high-fives hurry up
I'm proud kid fantastic i'm so proud
like i want to show you guys something
that's a glow in my mind right now it is
currently the 12th of december right
December is Christmas time and in our
area 12 December is very cold usually
snowy but look at what the temperature
reading says on here 67 degrees that is
like insane I have never seen 67 degrees
in December look at this you guys Eliza
apparently Eliza was into coffee today
we found out just as we put her in the
car on our way to come over here that
she had totally tried to drink coffee
you're far too young this is where the
boys slept last night on big compass
nice comfy air mattress yeah and they're
getting ready to do Oh babies they're
not gonna do babies but they're getting
ready to do more Christmas cookies so
last week anything was last weekend
Branca and Grammy did that for troops
these Christmas cookies are for us and
I'm pretty excited look while we were at
the basketball game calling and grandpa
were built busy building a pretty
impressive project out here why don't
you explain to everyone what you did
call we backed up a bunch of stops to
make that yo that's a big wood fort
we're gonna have to play in there yeah
but you got to be careful you got to be
real careful you don't want that to fall
on you yeah don't touch the sides while
you're in there k yeah
oh that's what we're gonna leave you
guys for today thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see all of you
right back here tomorrow
