Oh Carson come here look at this what's
up guys welcome to our day I'm sorry we
missed yesterday but I hope you got
you're feeling some really cool DIY
Christmas gift ideas the girls dead
person is home from school or just
waiting on Collin to get home
Carson had a where he call it Santa shop
today where he got everyone in our
family a little gift from you fluffy
except for you and fluffy which is okay
because when you're buying gifts for the
holiday season you don't always get
something for yourself it's better to
give than receive right I got you Collin
yep a gift an Eliza Eliza we can get
fluffy gifts don't worry I'll help you
get something you can get it I'll just
help you okay that's fine
he's so giving like he showed me he went
and put all these little gift bags into
the stockings and he said I got everyone
a gift except for myself but that's okay
and fluffy and he goes but that's okay
because I have plenty of toys I thought
that was super cute oh look what
mischief the elf was up to this morning
he's in the tree and he decided to add
his own ornaments what a weird elf who
puts underwear on the tree hey what are
you doing
well me and the boys are bored I was
gonna come over and fly the drone right
off your back porch you want to want to
watch well all right I'll be over that
was Jay Jay's been wanting to watch me
fly this drone for a while and the last
time we hooked up to go do that it was
like a really crappy day and it's cloudy
but it's not raining so we're Boyd or
maybe we're bored so we're gonna go over
there and fly that we won't put any
footage in there today we'll just he
better not be callin you're grounded
okay dang you're grounded that sucks
yeah sometimes you guys it uh I always
like to be the cool parent but sometimes
I have to actually be the parent and
Colin knows he's not allowed to play
Grand Theft Auto last night for the
livestream was a very rare and special
occasion because it was monitored by me
and we were just flying helicopters
around but Colin knows better don't you
you should we're ready to fly I changed
the metric it was on metric and I
changed it to Imperial turns out 114
feet I thought I was going was actually
like 300 and some so I took it up to the
maximum 400 feet and wow that's high huh
feet okay but you were 360 meters which
is no meters meat it wasn't meters
before it was meters before was 140
something yeah that's right feet is 120
meters yeah there's
it's nice and warm too it's been cold
since up when I started flying it but
now it's nice warmth no breeze yeah
perfect day I want to take this thing
into some more complicated environments
instead of the open fields
mom dad's part through the woods I want
to go to old man's cave with it I
thought of a cool thing let me know in
the comments what if we took the drone
and used it to explore like old
broken-down buildings like in Somerset
area what is the name of that
Penitentiary do you remember
I think they filmed a movie there
there's this awesome gigantic like
compound I think it used to be a prison
or something and it's broken down I
don't know if they tore it down or not
but that would be cool to fly around it
get some cool shots and then go in
through the window and fly through the
hallways and stuff that would be sick
Veronica went to shopping with her
grandma you just got back everything you
are thanks sweetheart
what are you doing hey we shop till we
drop looks like it I'm gonna put this
stuff inside
I missed this little girl while she was
away look at your shirt daddy's pretty
princess
you see the tree with the underwear on
it did you have fun does that mean
you're hungry
get it get it Liza yeah
gonna be blessed with a more beautiful
little girl
she truly is my princess I don't know
what I'm gonna do when she gets older
that's why that's why I'd be working out
I'll take care of mine take care my
little girl
sit sit sit sit sit calm down
I know it's hard come here sit we were
doing so good
earlier earlier I was teaching her how
to stay so take her rope like throw it
and I would make her stay with me until
I said go get it and she did good until
she was tired of that and then she just
wanted to to play but she did pretty
good
Heiko come here give me your puppy yeah
a longtime friend is coming over it's
been a while I know you guys have been
asking a lot about this friend of mine
and we're finally gonna be together what
my longtime friend who I haven't seen
for ages he's coming over
you know do you know you know
we specifically know his wife yeah you
can't scare me we're trying to scare you
know set the alarm off from the van oh
you are orbiting my house oh my gosh hey
dude oh yeah yeah you guys should see
Seth's Instagram was an Instagram you
posted that you up on top oh he's been
working with Columbus on these big tall
giant buildings on the side of it I was
a good one wasn't it yeah it was a good
shot my comment I think was a nice drone
shot yeah speaking of skin you want to
go see my bed I really do yeah and I've
actually got that doesn't seen my bed
finish since I finished it you sure
we're gonna be prowlers you smell really
good really 12:00
yeah well that's better than normal it's
a minute Veronica she does laundry
didn't make the bed I like it man you
like it yeah
don't mind the messy sheets or anything
but yeah dude that's my bed you should
sit on it I mean does it feel it yeah
no noise yeah yeah it's good okay yeah
yeah it's fantastic that mattress dough
is nice
you have taken that bro yeah wait wait
I wasn't ready you have to do it again
freaking kitten I wasn't ready
dude what you ready no I swear to God I
wasn't ready
don't lie in freaking don't hit so hard
all right Bailey Bailey listen with
those gloves on I want you to hit your
dad as hard as you can right
in the face are you ready duh don't hit
me in the nose don't hit me in the ear
get him wait which way you hitting me
ready go he made Carson do it to me so I
was like yo Bailey she's got the gloves
on - I know you did straight on if you
want to see Samia get clogged by Carson
or this channel and watch that you guys
should battle each other
Bailey's a good fighter I wouldn't go my
gosh she's raised on rap watch out for
the armbar don't looking at that sleepy
girl oh she's like peace out guys good
nothing I'm out of here
well they love you nice eat tight red
eyes I mean I'm ready for bed night baby
girl
la vieille oh my god tell me that's not
the cutest thing ever you simple when I
go to bed I mean I'm pretty yeah I can
see that she melts my heart dude the
last time I shaved my beard off Abram
and Cyrus screamed and cried in terror
because they thought I was somebody else
hours they would not come here we just
had a lengthy discussion about Bailey
asked me what I swallowed and I was like
that's what's left of the last kid you
asked me what I swallowed a little
knuckle in there it's been a while since
anyone's drawing any attention to my
neck but I mean you can't help but see
it it's there good night good night
that's about the Leafs death I wanted to
say thanks for stopping by
it's really good to see you I wish you
could come by more often
however the no excuses yeah well except
you live far away now 45 minutes yeah
but every visit is a pleasant one so
yeah I mean I am yeah I know I know and
you got a GoPro case out of it yeah yeah
I hope setup with my old GoPro case
because I got a new case which I'll be
showing you guys on my review channel in
the next few days I got something new
will show you that on the review channel
but anyways everyone say bye to Seth in
the comments make sure you go over to
his channel and you can always see Seth
on his channel well sometimes you can
see Seth sometimes boys you tell mr.
Steph there no more underwear on our
Christmas tree or toward the paper for
pants or shirts or anything tell him to
not mess with our tree again yeah just
one
you just take it off okay
it's gonna be hard to take off with that
fence up yeah we'll just captain I don't
know all right it's bedtime
hey why don't you tell the gladiators a
good night yeah yeah all right come on
all right buddy see you later it's uh
yes morning I hope you guys enjoyed
their funniness ready did you give your
mama kisses and stuff all right bad I
missed it you didn't miss it
hey have a happy Friday I love you be
good boy
we got hit with some heavy news today on
the way at the bus stop my neighbor came
out and told me that my other neighbor
who has been sick for quite a while
actually only about about a about a year
I think or less he was diagnosed with
cancer and pretty rapidly he physically
changed you know you could see and he
was a bigger fella he lost a lot of
weight really quickly and I just learned
this morning that yesterday he passed
away because of cancer yes it sucks man
like it's sad banana
she likes bananas yeah they're getting
their breakfast in I am about to head
uptown and run some errands and come
home and try and get some work done
let's see tonight we're gonna try and
film a pizza challenge video with the
boys
however they are spending the night at
their grandma's house so I kind of have
to do it like exactly as soon as they
get home from school and I have a review
video that I plan on shooting this
weekend as well as I've come up with the
pretty you may consider it mean but I've
come up with a pretty good idea for a
prank on the boys and I feel like it's
my duty to film this prank it's a
christmas prank the point is I think
I've got a really fantastic prank idea
on the boys that's just crazy enough to
to make people talk so I'm gonna try and
film that I need to go get another
Street so that's where I'm going to
leave you for today thank you guys so
much for watching I can't wait to see
you all right back here tomorrow
