so we're gonna show you guys how to make
three simple easy and cheap Christmas
gifts for the women and kids first we're
gonna start off by this snowman and what
it is is a hot cocoa mix then we also
are gonna show you how to do this
awesome little spa a jar for like the
teenagers and the girly girls would like
to paint their nails and everything and
for the women we have a sugar scrub for
your hands sink some silk and smooth yes
so first we're gonna start off by making
the snowmen and basically what we did
was get baby food jars and filled all
the labels which was kind of a process
because we had to soak them in water and
then you want to take a hundred percent
acetone fingernail polish to kind of get
that adhesive off fingernail polish
remover yeah and then we also we took
the lids and we just spray painted them
black so they're all they kind of
resemble his hat so it takes three baby
food jars for one snowman and the first
one you're just gonna take handful
marshmallows and fill it up with the
marshmallows it was four and a half
tablespoons to fill the jar you just
want to fill the jar with the hot cocoa
mix and third one you just take these
starlight mints
peppermints and you're gonna just fill
your jar with those so the snowman face
consists of two eyes just two circles
for the eyes and then kind of a slanted
triangle for the nose and then other
random dots for your smiley face
basically what we did was take black
felt and we made a circle and cut out a
circle in the middle so it kind of just
fits over your lid and it's
act as the rim of the Hat and then
second of all you're gonna take your hot
cocoa mix in a ribbon that's gonna be
long enough they can want it to go
around the jar kind of underneath your
lid and that's gonna be your scarf
you're also gonna need buttons because
the snowman has buttons so you just take
your sharpie and you're just gonna draw
two large buttons on the front so the
third step is basically what you're
gonna do is you you want to make sure
before you hot glue everything is line
up your face you know you want your face
lined up with your buttons
I don't wrap it and you're gonna take
hot glue and you're gonna put it on the
rim of your lid of the cocoa and you
want a fair good amount of glue because
you want to make sure these bad boys
stick give me that gun
oh so then you're gonna take your
peppermint jar and do exactly the same
thing spread your hot glue around and
boom there you go there you have it
simple hot cocoa mix for the kids now
it's time for the spa in the jar this
one is super simple and it's pretty much
just gathering a few small items and
putting them in a jar we found some soft
fuzzy socks we got some finger enough
polish some Mentos or any type of candy
or gum a fingernail file and some hand
sanitizer basically what you're gonna do
is put it in your jar we found that
rolling up the socks separately to put
in the jar kind of took up a little more
space and filled with space in the jar
now you're just gonna place your stuff
in there and you can kind of look at it
as you're arranging it to see where a
whole needs filled or you know there's
gaps or anything just like that your
simple easy spawn jar so we've saved the
best for last this is the peppermint
sugar scrub it's my favorite here's how
we do it
you're gonna need 3/4 cup of sugar two
drops of food coloring for the
peppermint for the Christmas time we're
using red and green you're gonna need
peppermint essential oil about four to
five drops of that depending on the
strength there the smell that you want
it to smell like peppermint and then in
our bowls we already have measured out
coconut oil you're gonna need a quarter
cup of coconut oil sake
softened not liquefied just softened if
your coconut oil is hard like most
coconut oils are you just want to pop it
in your microwave for about 10 seconds
with that and that should do the trick
we already have our 4 to 5 drops of
peppermint oil in here and now you're
gonna take your sugar go ahead and dump
that in and then you're going to take
your food coloring and you want to do at
least two drops and you want to stir
this up until your food coloring is
completely dissolved I feel like it's
better to scoop it and then like smash
it to try and get all the sugar mixed in
with the coconut oil and it's gonna be
like a clumpy make sure it's not gonna
be like a creamy one of these
measurements of stuff is gonna fill up
to 4 ounce mason jars
we've just got these with the lids
they're actually like jam or jelly jars
but I mean they're perfect for a small
gift like this so you're just gonna go
ahead and start scooping it in and since
we're doing this as a gift we just
decided to do one red and one green for
Christmas time these jars actually come
with these awesome little labels so I
just wrote peppermint sugar scrub on
them so we can place on the fronts of
the jars and there you go you can like
we did here tape some ribbon and tie it
up I actually had the tape you could tie
it around and tape it so it stays in
place and then
have a little nifty gift okay there you
have it guys some simple fun gifts for
the women and children in your life we
hope you like this video if you did give
us a thumbs up have fun with this guys
and I would love to see pictures of your
homemade gift ideas you can send those
to me at Verne Gilroy on my Twitter till
next time see ya
