you
you
hey guys how's everyone doing
so yeah Jason Carson went to practice
flying the drone Colin stood here must
license key they're watching I think
this is a Christmas story maybe not
I forget the name of that Christmas
movie but Chase is going to fly the
drone and then I set him to the store I
have been here at home trying to work on
the laundry some people's laundry rooms
might be nice and immaculate and now
laundry always done ours is not looks
like a war zone
there's always laundry that needs to be
done
I put stuff in and massage it takes it
back out Oh oh my goodness hmm you're
home with food yeah you gotta cook it
man I'm starving so I'm ready to cook it
are you ready cuz I'm ready eat it fo
sho
I am starving yeah look look guys
immediately my first mission when I came
in the house was like you know this
living room isn't function uh-huh so I
got a shway it up with the funk town and
so I pushed this all the way into the
corner back and then back with the
backness all the way back and we have it
tight chop the toy guy which left us
enough room over here to slide that
table over there and put that chair
right there square I've been watching a
little too much dr. Seuss I think maybe
or something else but we're gonna try
them and put that chair there right now
right now tell them we're doing we're
doing that like this section right here
right here let's recap and write a movie
watch all this thing's heavy man that's
our old TV what are you talking about
Virgin Island blog no I'm stronger than
rolling so sliding in a crowd scene and
well I'm just gonna real help
what's some TV and sit here it kind of
fits kind of a nut kinda it goes back
there's plenty of room I mean I'm cool
with that
let me call that we've got the couch and
the table and the and the chair there
but this thing we got a ditch
probably this table where are we gonna
put it it even if we ditch it first
world problems alright so I'm starting
me quesadillas I've got those shredded
chicken already cooked
and put in there before I start the
quesadillas I'm going to do some chicken
tacos for the boys so I'm using this
recipe here it's like a homemade taco
seasoning just use chili powder cumin in
oregano okay so you put all the
seasonings in the pan with a little bit
of water get it all stirred up might
need a little more water and then you
just let the water boil off and you get
kiss me you just let the water boil off
and the seasonings they'll cook into the
chicken here's the ingredients two and a
half cups of cooked chicken 2/3 cup of
salsa 1/3 cup of sliced green onions 3/4
- a teaspoon of ground cumin
teaspoon of salt half teaspoon of dried
oregano and then you're gonna need your
tortillas and some butter oil and cheese
so now this is warmed up it's all kind
of mixed together and warm we're gonna
take our tortilla shells um what you
want to do with these and you're going
to brush all over on the side you don't
want too much or it'll make it soggy
you're going to flip that over and then
you take 1/3 a cup of your mixture and
put in the center of 1/2 I think
actually I have bigger shells so I'm
going to do two scoops per shell just to
make them thicker mmm I've all it and
sprinkle some on top of it you like more
cheese you can have more if you like
less you can go plus fold that over just
like that and then continue making more
and then you'll put it in the oven once
you have them all together slide them in
the oven for nine to eleven minutes or
until the tortilla shells are kind of
starting to get going around what's the
smell like yeah that's what they should
look like when they come out make sure
all the cheese is melted in like the
edges are kind of a golden brownish
here's ready three mida what she's just
served with your snacking on this little
on a tortilla shell little pieces
you got your salsa there Tabasco
Chipotle
body Bob influenced me to get this one
now I lock I long dinner was good I feel
like you guys haven't seen me much in
today's video it's because well Veronica
took the reins she straight took the
reins and look everyone's getting ready
for bed
yeah I don't have anything else to do
with it but here have a bigger TV in
their room their room than I do mine
it's fine it's not the size account I'll
use it won't you tell our gladiators
good night hey Carson would you tear
everyone good night sleep tight
did you have fun flying the drone today
yeah I was cool huh I didn't fly it well
you were there and you're here watching
he thought it was so cool to see the
picture on the on the screen of what the
drone was seeing is awesome one more
stop for this girlie for the event
down jeez she like stood on top of her
foot oh goodness
you gonna take mad for the girl
Randy bringing it back good good
all right no cameras allowed at this
point this is a sensitive subject I was
upstairs
Eddie come downstairs it was one o'clock
and I find Veronica
she's tired
I can't blame I am too something we
should just skip the coffee yeah
check this out oh look at all the mugs
are dirty again it's okay
Oh Collin we're gonna run out of gas
dude really yeah we're gonna run out oh
it's okay oh there's your bus I gotta go
I'll guard you
hey fella have a fun day I love you see
after school what do you think I'm a new
hat
it's awesome right
I wanted to tell you guys about this
mildly upsetting dream I had last night
it was really weird actually you started
off with us going like on this amazing
vacation and it was to this beautiful
place like a tropical island with fruits
and experiences you never tasted or
tried before and you had to take a
spaceship too thick because it was on a
different planet
clearly this was like future tents and
the part that really got me like the
whole vacation and everything was great
but what I remember most was the
devastation when we're about to embark
for home and we realized that the ship
is full we have to wait 16 no we have to
wait a year for the next vessel to leave
and in light years that ended up being
somehow it ended up being that 16 years
had passed since we had went on the
vacation because of the time travel or
whatever and I was devastated because
baby Eliza was like I'm immediately
sixteen years old and we missed
everything and that part was really sad
do you want your hat yeah
and uh we're in your at I'm sorry okay
you can have us so you're a wimp
yeah I know there you go
hey what have a good day I love you I'll
see you after school love you
he's like he's like no apps are given
peace out dad I'm going to school I'm
gonna get haircut alright friends so
we've reached out part of the day where
it's uh we've got the kids off to school
it's time for me to work on some videos
and I'll give you a quick little taste
of what we're looking at for the
Christmas video check this out how to
make three simple easy and cheap
Christmas gifts for the women and kids
you so I so yeah that's what I'm working
on and I also need to finish ahead Atene
this video so you guys have some cool
Gilroy content to watch today so
unfortunately that's where we're gonna
leave you guys for today listen I want I
really hope you guys join me tonight for
my livestream you know every Wednesday
and Sunday I do live streaming on Twitch
it's the links in the description
twitch.tv ford slash Gilroy gaming I
really hope you guys join me we may be
doing a giveaway tonight I don't know
we'll see
but uh yeah so that's all for today I
think you guys so much for watching and
I can't wait to see all of you right
back here tomorrow
you
