okay what's up guys welcome to the vlog
today it's fourth of July it's America's
Independence Day so shout out to America
for being all seriously today as today's
the day of celebration you know it's
pretty much the universal day of
barbecues slinging motorsport water
sports and fireworks I absolutely had to
wake up early this morning and take this
Jeep to get it clean because it was
filthy you know there was a can of coke
that was sitting on our console earlier
this summer and it exploded from it
being so hot up so like not only do I
have to clean the outside I need to go
and get some supplies that I can clean
all the interior because if you look at
my radio it looks like it's growing hair
I brought you lunch you wanna you got it
this is it echo you want some frozen
pizza too girl huh he was just throw the
pizza echo I can't believe these guys
haven't been in the pool if you haven't
thrown them outside in the pool what the
heck's going on it's like summer
literally I went out there and those
little bugs started like eating me alive
the red ones yeah for the tiny ones you
can barely see they're horrible
you've seen them right there you feel
like a bite or something on you and you
look at you can't really see anything
but if you look just close enough there
are these little team things I think
they call them noseeums or simi nos or
something like that they're so tiny but
they hurt so bad when they bite you I'm
going to really need your help this time
and we haven't really talked about it
yet because what I guess we just want
them to kind of wait and make it
surprise now they're big enough
we've got more fur balls in here yeah
flashy you said you yes I don't know
what to say but look there's not Candice
was walking right now walk so it was
like a couple weeks ago actually
Veronica how did you even discover them
well I knew she had another litter
coming because she's been back then I
hear outside walking into Anna fat
anymore
and she was very delicate we're outside
in like a window well like a basement
window being well wisher down a little
that's a neighbor's house so yeah we've
got more kitten over here and we need to
find them good homes you guys not like
the last time when we got rid of all the
two still living outside or out a one I
want to see you guys in the comments
saying I want this one I want this one
and you got ask your mom and dad first
because we need to get rid of these no
more cats please I'm literally gonna get
a die from having to take care of all
these cat he said wow look at it working
are you having away you guys know
growing again is a big heart
and just let them see outside so we got
more cat Carson you got to stay in there
and take care of them okay - okay
oh yeah how's that feel refreshing yeah
all right have fun I gotta finish this
tire I get crazy when it comes down to
like actually cleaning out part I go all
in
it's a gouge in my window to prime
example of me going 100 on cleaning the
deep look I got this whole entire shift
assembly taken apart so I can clean out
all the junk in there it was actually a
little difficult to get it apart but it
was all like junked up from all the coke
and stuff that was stuck in there I got
it all taken apart I'm going to clean it
but there's like some white stuff I'm
assuming it's like grease lithium grease
or something to help it keep flooding
definitely don't want to wipe that away
so we can keep it nice and lubed up but
man she dick oh yes look at that I don't
know if you can really tell on camera
but this is super clean look it doesn't
stick anymore beautiful that's all in
this right here guys check this out this
tow haul button has never worked but I
finally fixed it it was just so full of
junk that it was stuck down like this I
took it all the way apart fixed it
awesome it's time for us to get ready
and leave we're going to Roman and Brits
because it is veronica's and Brittany's
mom's birthday Nana's birthday today how
cool is that to have a birthday on the
4th of July like you get fireworks for
your birthday it's pretty cool so so
yeah we're going to get right and go
over there and win
well I was
I
but
oh you ready yeah are you go to the ball
please I'll get this back I just cleaned
the Jeep and I got a run through mud
puddle ready yeah we're going to swim
yeah you know what I'm gonna do a
breakdown I get there all right
straight the pool
oh good there's a ton of like really big
wreckers coming from your end there's a
company local Cochise towing and they
they have like a I don't know I call it
the big deal rig because they have like
a backhoe and a bobcat and they only
pull out that guy when it's like heavy
recovery could you either be a semi
accident up here or someone ran off the
road and just
Olivia
I just have to point out because it's
literally it's driving me insane it
completely got nominee the street crew
like the Ohio Department of
Transportation is already on this team
we've been here for a while closed down
the right lane okay look there's people
trying to get in front of the line on a
closed right lane like how ridiculous
can you be off at that sign I don't care
what they're trying to do I'm going to
go ahead over here what kind of moron do
you have to be listen to me listen to me
right now when one on one face to face
if you are in a car and you are driving
that car on a road where there's an
accident stay as far over as you can
obey the signs don't be a dummy
yeah
oh wow
oh the whole wheels fall off
wonderful axle I've encountered
well done your bet on the road Brittany
see you there hello we're at Romans okay
we're here wall here
what's up volume yeah already better
than me you can see it I can tell what's
up what's up with you nothing I let you
have to like it
I like it yeah I am tired yo mama hi
babe how are you good
what are you doing walking there dude
yeah it'll be a ball turnout yes damn I
rested in the pool now over time the
amount of food prepping here is baffling
look at all that this whole island is
filled I've been good
nominated for grill mats check this up
this is serious business I got I got all
the meat right here guys oh there aren't
you too full grill fold of stuff I know
there's anyone here more capable of
managing a grill of that caliber is this
guy and Robin it is ramen grill steaks
done burgers done oh the fixon brats are
on the way they're browning
I stepped it up today I wanted to do
some that are medium medium-well
that are well guys that everybody can
get what I want
Oh deli sandwiches look a bit you gonna
ride on that you look good up there
little girl
Oh son is getting ready to set we had a
beautiful dinner I killed it on the
grill didn't I Eliza did you eat some
grill food yeah a little bit good I
can't risk it
you can't work it yeah it's pretty
complicated huh and then ask oh man
they're all out there having fun on like
four-wheelers and stuff as soon as that
yellow one comes available
let's go time
you took your shoes off
are you making fun of my baby
ninety-two trying to be a boo target I
would get in the pool you know so you
guys Roman is pretty much notorious for
doing it big and 4th of July is no
exception
it's one of my favorite moments what is
your favorite of all of these different
ones which one
this guy favorite most often that's my
favorite on the same ammonium say in the
moon it has been my favorite now look
this one is a fandemonium with me I've
never had this one today oh the new this
is for you guys
brand-new never been done I'll tell you
there's probably at least 45 minutes
worth of fun out here four or five
minutes four or five we're going to
light a firework that I bought just one
firework oh nice dude I went over and
Roman bought everything out yeah whoa oh
my gosh you gonna write a sparkler honey
yeah okay let's do it
yeah what'd you think of that
they're cool it's so dark
okay so one of the perks of having like
backyard fireworks is we get to fly our
drones and we're not going to just put
one up we're going to put two we'll just
film le film I hope you guys enjoyed the
show it's gonna be sick yeah like I am
fired take off ha ha ha that's it right
there
how awesome is that watch the final
and proposes
this louder
car dude what do you think about that
homicide us say never my life in the
history that I've seen five Rob's had
been backyard you know fireworks show
like you guys put on all right
underneath look amazing view it is and I
really enjoy myself and the moon was
right up there to just give us that like
it was clouds it was like it was awesome
that was a good show it's amazing how
quick all that went like it literally
didn't last that long like it looks like
worth hours worth of stuff yeah but it
really just goes like 20 minutes yeah
just 11 14 euro detail yeah Roman the
show was amazing without you my heart
thanks for being here hey happy fourth
irony you're free to have that baby now
okay every game you're free hey you
wanna look alone you well guys here we
are in the heart of battlegrounds one of
my favorite things to do super late at
night you guys
this will be the rest of my evening I
hope you've had an absolute blast
hanging out with us today and as a
matter of fact right right down there is
a little like thumbs up button it would
be super awesome you smack that thumbs
up button let me know that you are
digging our videos it's about time for
me to jump out of this airplane guys and
that is all the time I've got for you
today
want to say thank you so much for
watching hope you had a happy 4th of
July we can't wait to see you right back
here next time
got greedy got greedy
