hey guys we were just flying the drone
and while we were just flying it but we
still had pretty fun there wasn't like
Colin said welcome to our day we were
just out here doing some drone practice
this whole week is gonna be blessed with
pretty decently warm weather with regard
to the time of year but we tried to
catch a sunset but I didn't have an SD
card in the drone so no sunset there's a
really cool view of these dudes fishing
off this little pier here
very cool shot unfortunately I didn't
get it recorded I honestly thought about
duct tape in this camera to it now yeah
we got to hurry up and get back to the
house because Carson has basketball
practice this evening Veronica's gonna
take him to that I think and Colin are
you gonna stay with me and help me you
gonna help me push around the stuff in
the living room see how we like it
we need to do that we need to figure out
like what's the best configuration for
our living room a lot of you guys sent
pretty decent suggestions so we're gonna
try those out and see if they work a
little bit change of plans
turns out I'm taking carson to ball
practice this carson to me a very grumpy
child
you're blocking dude oh yeah
you got a basket high-five and you got
an assist high-five
nicely done do you feel better than you
did before good now let's go home and
get that homework done so we can
decorate the Christmas tree it's alright
look at this barrier we had to build to
keep Eliza in the living room then I
make big big baby gates big enough for
this part and I saw a comment in
yesterday's vlog did somebody like why
do you put the gate up for the tree
right there well that's to keep the cat
the dog and the baby out from underneath
the tree cuz well I mean it could be
dangerous
the baby pulls the tree over on or
herself that could hurt the cat would
climb up the tree the dog would shoot
the lights and the tree branches I mean
so there's many reasons why we would put
a fence around the tree that's kind of a
no-brainer real Christmas vacation what
a classic the ABC Family Channel is
showing Christmas movies all month from
December 1st June 25 all Christmas it
means all the time at that time people
we got the lights up on the tree
yesterday and now we need to get all the
ornaments and stuff I dug all these we
have two of these big giant totes full
of Christmas stuff all kinds of
Christmas stuff
you're gonna help Buffy are you gonna
help Kiki Eddie huh you just sitting
down here chilling huh what do you got
first person
mrs. Collins first Precious Moments
Christmas ornament person's got one in
there and worst persons with us see
Carson's yeah that's what what Disney
movies have from me and the Beast Beauty
and the Beast all right boys you ready
to get started the first step to our
Christmas tree is the garland we always
put this garland around it so it has
some spirally candy cane look and feel
to it and then we do the ornaments a lot
of people put like themed Christmas
ornaments on their tree and they look
really uniform and in kind of cookie
cutter but we we use a different
technique you might say our tree is like
completely random but all of our
ornaments have like special meaning all
these different ornaments come from
Christmases of the past and they were
given to us or made or they symbolized
something that happened in that year so
even though it looks like a hot mess of
random ornaments this this Christmas
tree looks like all of our others our
symbols of you know our memories as a
family she was dying with I was trying
to tickle it with my foot and she was
losing it I missed it bumped the table
trying to grab the camera when she was
really going I missed it
just in time
oh love you did have a good day that was
awesome
we barely made it one of my worst
addictions it's like I can't function in
the morning ice huh whoa the elf
well they didn't see him he's up in the
tree he was like I want to be an
ornament too you're messing me you put
him up there didn't you you put him off
there didn't you it's really magic yeah
the magic stuff down hmm well I think
you did a mighty fine job with those
ornaments son
save us dude love you have a good day
I'll see you right here after school
okay all right guys so I'm had a shower
and I'm getting ready to actually in
today's video because this week I want
to post a couple outstanding videos I
have on my plate one of those being the
zombie video and the other one being the
Christmas gift idea video that Veronica
and her cousin shot I'm probably gonna
put up the Christmas video first but if
you don't see a vlog for me later in
this week that's because that day I'm
gonna post one of those videos so with
that being said sorry for today's
shorter video but don't you worry
because we'll see all of you guys right
back here tomorrow
