good beautiful morning people I yes so
at the end of yesterday's video I
mentioned you that we had to do
something a little different than we had
planned today we were gonna go get our
Christmas tree but we have to do
something else last night while we were
filming something happened to our couch
I'm not gonna really explain why or what
but know that it wasn't any of us or
anything that we did
there's no cushions on our couch and one
of those cushions has somehow incurred
the most awful horrible smell you've
ever smelled in your life Veronica has
lice old it sprayed it with like fabric
cleaner scrubbed it taking the cushions
off the covers off the cushions washed
in two times with laundry soap borax and
baking soda and it still smells worse
than anything you've ever smelled in
your entire life because of that we have
to have couch so we're gonna see if we
can go find a reasonably priced couch
that we can sit on instead of the boards
you see there we're seriously trying all
these couches in here sitting on you
know what do we get we don't know this
one's an actual sleeper sofa so it's got
a bed inside
I think we need that we I mean we all
have beds I don't know we're still on
the search I don't know if we found the
one yet I've always wanted one with this
extended it's kind of a chaise but
that's it that's the one yeah not that
one specifically the one in the backs
all wrapped up yeah yeah no more smelly
couch that we have to sit on Oh No ha ha
the warehouse that place has the the
couch there in stock but at that actual
shop where they sold me the couch they
don't have it I have to go across town
ways to get to the warehouse that has
the couch wrapped up brand-new in the
plastic and they closed at 6:30 it's
currently 558 p.m. so if I am going to
make it to drive very very fast Jays
coming with me although he won't be much
help because his leg but we have to take
his truck because clearly we can't fit a
couch or on energy and yeah clearly this
is a this is purely an unexpected
expense there's no way we could keep the
couch as is no way do you
we had Smith it's dark but there they
are yeah all right there we go buddy
thanks man so these guys are supposed to
be here till 6:30 it's 6:00
23 and as soon as we pull up he's like
alright guys I'm out here having Merry
Christmas close the back door he's gonna
go I thought he was gonna help me but
old J's got my back it's all right
I'll do all the heavy lifting
if you rolled this one this way you will
do that real good just when you pull up
to be careful when we're off mom we're
going this way
for here right spot
oh you got no it's not that heavy he
came back those nice scared the crap out
of me look guys PJ is here yeah your
frog PJ came to help me lift this stuff
in the house since Jake and your quad
there's just like a hey you want my
couch draw well your couch oh well you
got new cushions for no no I don't
appreciate you thinking about
all right guys get out of here
see you hear that that's all the stuff
the couch catches unboxing run but I've
got this first piece in here and it
comes with legs so you have to screw in
PJ's got those and also it had strips of
staples that they had to go through and
pull out because that could be dangerous
ripped off the carpet or rip a hand or
something if you read Sunday
this couch takes up a lot more space in
the living room then then I thought so I
don't know what to do about this area
and the chair there those tables that
table on that table
what would you do I don't think I can
make it any wider where would it go give
me your thoughts I probably won't do
much to it tonight because I need to
like sit here and think I'll probably
move the chair around and stuff but I
know and we have to think about the
Christmas tree
so the Christmas tree has to go
somewhere tomorrow I think we need to
get a thinner a tree this year
like uh yeah like one of those pencil
trees
all right stuff that you used to make
your snowman why don't you get a green
one really big and just cut out a tree
and put it on the wall oh yeah like a
two dimensional tree yeah and then you
think well just think about decorating
it it should go pro hmm oh man that's
genius
we need a patent that I'm good idea PJ
Imogene
that's a good idea all right so before
we move into that we need to run we got
some sub at Subway I got my favorite
joint poor PJ had to run and pick up Jen
from work because I guess she was
getting sick and works yeah that kind of
sucks but I know we didn't get to do
what we wanted to today which is get our
Christmas tree
but that doesn't mean that you won't see
it in today's video so it's time for the
kids to go to bed early tomorrow morning
we're gonna wake up and we're gonna go
get our Christmas trees come on shoot
everyone good night no I say to Collin a
little fella
it's a very chilly morning
frosty very frosty it's beautiful though
you know that means winter is winter is
here so that also means it's time for us
to get our Christmas tree who's ready to
get our Christmas tree yeah Colin Liza
near down okay Carson you ready
hmm he's previewing a new game there
that's gonna be a fun one right there
we're gonna get ready now and go get the
Gilroy's 2015 here we are look at all
these Christmas trees yeah it is the
season right you ready Liza it dear
little first Christmas all her pornos
all snotty baby's first Christmas tree
yay let's go sweetheart
go you just gonna walk through all these
cheese and find the perfect one lazily
pink let's see baby look it's a piece of
history
see Christmas tree that's it gotta find
the perfect one paralyzes first
Christmas it's fun to hide behind the
trees trying to sing upon us I see you
mad sneak up on you mister dad's
whistling us boys come on
oh my god eyes up look at it she says
yeah yeah we can cut any of them what do
you think it's cuttin dirt and a
high-five and a merry Christmas to all
you gladiators
there's our Christmas tree give me this
there it is boys this is what knocks off
all the dead needles and stuff like that
and bugs that could be in it on it so
it's all nice and tight to be able to
take it home guys there she is
there's our Christmas tree it's very
exciting
go home and set it up but first we got a
run to the ATM because they don't take
cards here so we have to go get cash
because war we pay with the card last
year we didn't oh we had a check that's
right
so we'll go get it ATM settle up get
this bad boy back home and put it up
who's gonna help me put the star on top
that's what I want to know it's a game
to you yeah oh my gosh look at the
Christmas tree over there that's gonna
bring you there in the right now oh when
you gets it in here I'm gonna get good
you of when he gets it in okay go oh my
gosh it's blurred oh my gosh
but don't get in it mister still don't
you do it alright hold it straight
you guys gotta hold it straight up well
that it puts the basin hey dunno Larry
how's it look does it look straight it
looks straight you won't really know
until you let the branches down that
this is like the presentation in home of
our Christmas tree boys you ready yeah
alright guys so there it is our
brand-new Christmas tree thanks for
coming with us and help him pick it out
I know you didn't really do much but
watch but it's nice to have and share
that moment with you guys
exciting man the holiday season is
officially here with the Christmas tree
our next step is going to decorate and
all that but that will happen later
today so that's what we're gonna leave
you guys for today thank you so much for
watching I hope you guys are having the
best holiday season and we can't wait to
see all of you right back here tomorrow
tomorrow
