good evening you guys it is absolutely
frigid it's not that cold but I've been
standing out here for a minute we turned
some heat on how'd you like that free
hand catch I didn't want to land it like
grass
it's not catch that bird and pretty good
with this thing you guys I've been
flying it a lot lately because it's
gonna start getting very very cold and
I've heard the manual and you're not
supposed to the batteries will not do
good in very very cold weather at about
14 degrees Fahrenheit so once it starts
to get really cold I can't really fly it
that much so I'm trying to get it get my
practice in now but we call it a sunset
the Sun is actually out today and I
caught my first drone sunset
that's all it is around there's corn
fields fields for as far as the eye can
see it's from up there it's actually
quite beautiful in what as far as like
being on the ground as a person it's
actually quite boring okay
trying to get good enough with this
thing so I can like feel comfortable
going maybe somewhere downtown catching
some awesome shots of the Columbus
skyline I think that would be really
cool to get some photos of that but
that's how I wanted to start the vlog
today was with some aerial footage with
the Sun actually out and so now I'm
gonna head home
we have Amanda coming over and Veronica
and Amanda are we're gonna film their
Christmas gift video which should be
really cool what's the family were y'all
doing oh my goodness I caught my first
drone sunset yeah Fabolous alright these
girls are getting everything prepped for
this little shoot we got going on here
look Veronica's officially miked up but
yeah firstly miked up hey you know my
only hope is that Eliza remains cool
calm and collected for while we film
Yuriko what are you doing what do you
think they're go you just hanging out
look at her man she's like oh I'm just
tired though I'm just tired now
yeah she's gonna be our protector echo
the protector
yeah oh oh you keep there to kissing I
promise
so we're right in the middle of our
class then we come over to get our stuff
for the sugar scrub
Jase is like can I eat this stuff it's
coconut I love coconut and it smells
good but I was telling him that you can
put it in your mouth and swish it around
it's called oil pulling in a you know
takes all the plaque in the bacteria and
everything out of your mouth several
different benefits for this yeah it's
actually very healthy for your mouth to
swish
you just put a lump in your mouth and
swish it for 20 minutes it's actually a
tablespoon you want a tablespoon and
swish it for 20 minutes okay with me
this is not when you're done doing it do
not spit it down your drain because it
will form back up you want to make sure
you spit this into a trash can yeah it's
not a solid now but once you put it in
your mouth and it becomes your do it to
do this yes I'm telling you you will not
make it 20 minutes why what happens
he likes coconut great come on this
whole thing yeah swallow it
come on really no it's just 20 minutes
smash it on your teeth and start
swishing it it'll start liquefying start
swishing like a mouth friends
try and push it through your teeth four
minutes four minutes and you're done
mm-hmm you're done that's ridiculous
whoever decided you can do that for 20
minutes let me see your teeth the
dumbest dude on her oil pulling I've
read it's very beneficial remember it's
not about the price of the gift yeah you
should be do this is the fun part guys
remember the outtakes no Darrin I didn't
pull out the camera on this one because
they have actually been flying right
through this with flying colors
no no funniness I mean rainbows other
than what's supposed to be there they're
not messing up this is like weird what
did you guys eat cuz we're not doing it
for fun we're actually doing it for this
right okay guys so there you have it
three easy simple and cheap gifts let me
buy in bulk
oh my gosh okay guys so there you have
it some simple easy gifts you gotta say
for the women and children and you so
that's what you were gonna say no you it
has to go along with that part you guys
the real reason that this happened
tonight is because this was the night
they planned to make all these gifts for
everyone so if everyone the family
watches our vlog Channel
didn't they priority no you leave Amanda
I'm leaving she's out it is ten minutes
till ten then actually it went faster
than what I thought it would but yeah
thanks for doing it hi man I got done
and I hope everyone enjoys it
Vicky and Jay came by we hung out and
talked a little bit support a little
beer little brewski
- friends would call it pie this isn't a
pie what did James call these bangers
pounders yeah this isn't a pound finish
this beer grab a quick little quick
little nap good morning big girl and
good morning boys we missed you
we really did miss you you should've
came to that game oh yeah I had to film
though our videos in turnout here I know
you know why cuz I filmed that I might
just edit that tonight
look around is getting all prepped up
for this really doing this aren't we
Harry we're gonna get our tree today so
we got to get all this stuff figured out
where we're gonna put stuff I wanted to
show you guys outside real quick it's
not as far as it was but is super foggy
late last night I got really foggy
outside and it still falls in now
because usually by the time the Sun
comes up any fog is gone but it's a wild
I think you call that an ice fog because
all the trees and everything everything
was covered with this really thick layer
of frost in my nose stuff to get it's a
hot dog it's a hot dog Vinny racer hot
dog so we've all showered we're getting
ready to head out we were gonna go get a
tree today but we have to go do
something else and I'll explain more in
tomorrow's video but unfortunately
today's video is gonna be kind of cut a
little short that's life and what we'll
deal with it we'll deal with it I'm sure
you're gonna be like what the H don't
leave me hanging like this but yeah
it'll it'll make some smart it's kind of
but yeah that's where I'm gonna leave
you guys for today I gotta edit this
video so we can get started with this
I'll explain more tomorrow's video so
that's where I'm going to leave you guys
for today thank you so much for watching
and I can't wait to see you right back
here tomorrow
