hey guys what's happening what's
crappenin
what's happening I worked hard today me
and my buddy Eliot to bring you the
gladiator merch back online we're this
close
a couple things always tough to work out
but hmm anyway how are you doing how is
everybody feeling we are trying to get
Carson's homework done Colin and I are
about to go it's your is your last page
yeah all right get it done stuff like
stealthy the Elfie yeah yeah we saw we
saw it yep
we saw him up there so what is that
what's the whole thing with the elf what
do you suppose in case people don't know
what is this what is the elf you don't
want him down low what if you what if
you wake up and he's beside you on your
pillow on the Polar Express that's wise
oh that's why you doesn't have feet yeah
so you can't touch him so let's go like
the dog okay like I said I've been busy
working and we got so close to finishing
the new merch store but we're just not
quite there yeah it's not
I don't want to send you guys there
without it being fully operational all
right so the most exciting thing we can
do right now before it gets dark out the
boys haven't seen the drums lie we're
gonna go fly that I'll not put any
footage in because it's obviously gonna
be done and you are seen enough so far
we're gonna figure out more useful ways
to cook that coorporate that into the
vlog so we are starting up it's a lie oh
my gosh this is it this is as far as it
oh gosh it is so so cold
ruah the boys definitely had fun with
that was chasing them up and down the
yard at a safe elevation I wasn't too
close to their heads but definitely
getting the hang of this I can't wait to
put it to use we had a moment of panic
before we went out actually because I
opened up the drapes to see outside and
the ALF fell down and and you're not
supposed to touch the elf or who is this
magic so we all had to go outside and
and not watch him for a minute so he
would pick himself up off the floor and
get back up somewhere hide he got up
there
I can't touch him what did you think of
the drone flying was that awesome yeah
it's cool I took it way up high and let
him see the screen and there's like wow
this is cool flying a drone is very
addicting like Eddie and his whole crew
the drone dudes they've made a whole
lifestyle out of flying drones and I get
it now like I I get it because it's it's
a heck of a lot of fun and it takes a
fair amount of skill to be able to fly
those things properly and create you
know awesome video clips from me so I
don't know I feel like I'm falling in
love with flying
girl and you got your own don't you yeah
well it's a helicopter we gotta clean up
this mess look Eliza has made a disaster
of our living room we got some cleaning
to do
matter of fact mommy's getting ready to
go to Kathy's they're doing some special
honey what do you guys they're baking
cookies and they're doing cookies and
stuff but what is it for exactly she's
um mailing them to troops our armed
forces are seized for holiday or is just
that's the thoughtful it's awesome so
you're gonna make some cookies of love
for our armed forces overseas so if any
of you guys happen to have the internet
and watch our vlogs Veronica and Kat is
gonna make some bomb cookies and we hope
you guys enjoy them if you don't if you
know someone overseas make sure you
think of them during the holiday season
because they are over there protecting
our our freedoms in essence and we're we
sure are thankful for that well you have
fun with it we'll be right here so these
guys how you make some ridiculously
awesome and delicious
well you can there's here we go
leftovers thank you that that sounds
tasty
all right we have made it to cookie time
yeah she's been working hard we got some
sugar cut out cookies or get mine
decorate with the fancy buttercream
icing she's getting them all mixed up
oh we got some back here we got green
and white Horton the troops yeah tell
them tell them what we're doing the
place that I work at has adopted a
platoon of 20 guys that are stationed in
Afghanistan so we put together a care
package for them every month and we are
sending them out or this month tomorrow
so they're getting fresh-baked homemade
Christmas cookies in their care package
so that's what we're doing they're yummy
oh my my brother my step-brother Mickey
I still call Nicky was never a Leo he
lives in California and he's coming in
for Christmas the week of Christmas
he'll be here so you guys will get to
meet him we'll spend lots of time with
them and mommy's scaring we get to meet
this new fiance yeah so don't be
exciting having them home for Christmas
I can't wait I'm seeing to know how long
has it been
he's lived out there three years please
Wow three and a half because it was the
festival he came home ma'am
are you eating the icing
I'm amazing I'm good to lick the spoons
right yeah that's a drug lord beater why
are you down always fasting he's my
biggest kid yeah that is a sugar fanatic
he's the biggest kid of them all he's
like Oh sprinkles the only thing about
doing it this way your hand starts
cramping
we survived got love cramps in our hand
by my god
we've got cookies here we got the little
Santa hats and stockings and stars and
then we've got lots of Christmas trees
and more Santa hat just don't look at
the two bad stars and then we've got
stars and stockings and mittens yeah oh
yeah and don't forget the beautiful
candy canes well we need some weight on
that hat oops we're not done what's
gonna call them out specifically by name
member but you know even though these
are only going to twenty guys and
Afghanistan my heart goes out to all of
them
you know we're with you guys and we
thank you for what you do and if any of
you are watching this god bless come
home safe we love you mm-hmm if you if
any of the gladiators would like to send
the troops something help someone out
make some cookies or you know even
something small it's not the price of
the gift it's the love that you put in
it yep
just give back give back we have all
these extra cookies over here and we do
have a bit of extra icing so I made
myself a little cookie so dad has
emerged from the basement for a little
leftover cookie where's home you have to
decorate them
you taking these home one for Chase and
for each of the boys a little don't like
that Grammy is over here making
chocolate chip cookie can't just give
him cut out so I gotta have another
beauties - you know who out there likes
to eat a spoonful of the raw cookie
dough which I know they did not eat raw
cookie dough it's never killed me I'm
almost 55 years old Sam yeah because of
the raw eggs and the Salmonella on
look that's getting all decorative now
you put some white Christmas bulbs can't
waste icing can't waste the icing is
doing a star on the Hat and all the
signs on the candy canes he's got to get
every last drop by a signal yeah they're
broke yeah it's a hazard you have to
taste them to make sure they're okay
can I send him there okay uh-huh okay
all right I think it's time to head home
I got all the cookies baked thank you
yeah all of them decorated it was fun I
was like thanks for inviting me and
thank you for helping me know Merry
Christmas everybody
hmm time before he left this living room
looked like a bomb went off and now it's
so amazing clean tables back where it
should be thought the boys stuff off of
it I'm assuming all the kids are in bed
but Jason's probably aiming
you can see me on my screen
you can't ever sneak in on what song I
did that on purpose are you doing I'm
home I'm fighting the Imperial forces
okay cookies left every morning again
it's fun that's good
I got a lot of stuff done yeah clean the
downstairs got the homework looks very
on my side it looks very nice the living
room mm-hmm runs in there watching some
survivor come down get some cookie jam
I'm taking the tree cuz you know the
boys would be like well I want the tree
then they'll gonna be like no I want the
tree so this is how you squash
why did you know Oh
so lucky she didn't get thought good
morning I'm just now but look worthy
Elfie up there before and then that
mountain down with the Brian and then he
and then he went up there and now he's
here yeah so that's where he is
come on get your get your shoes your
shoes we gotta go we've got four minutes
to get to the bus stop
four minutes yes sir yes sir but hey
let's guess one Friday because there's
the call and getting on the bus because
I left my camera sit on the counter when
I walked out it's one of those mornings
really am i yeah we gotta go but there's
always time for coffee
happy Friday we'll see you right back
here after school
boy someone made a comment in
yesterday's vlog about my my teeth
better my feelings
I mean not that my teeth are yellow they
are probably because that drink
I should've coffee but
I reserved me
you'd make fun of a guy who wears
glasses
or has a ridiculously big
or has been really skinny his whole life
you can't ever gain weight
look at the impatience the bottle the
baby the bottle the baby the bottle the
baby well hello there darling
wah wah it's so funny when she sits like
that she just sits there with her thumb
in her mouth and she holds on to her arm
with the other one here's a real
question question of the day is what on
earth is this bright round and
luminescent object floating in the sky
it's a sorcery of which I've never known
nah no but seriously it's been forever I
feel since we've seen the Sun and by God
there it sits up in the sky with some
light out there today oh I know it's
exciting right
alright so we've got the kids off to
school I wouldn't had a shower I have a
Skype call to attend here shortly
had a lengthy discussion with my boy
Dennis this morning about some really
cool things that I'm excited to
potentially be a part of and it's sunny
out so I'm gonna go fly a drone again
I'll bring some sunshine drone footage
in tomorrow's video but yeah that's
where we're gonna end it for today I
want to say thank you again to all of my
dear awesome gladiators for tuning in
big thumbs up if you made it to the end
of the video thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see all of
you right back here tomorrow
