what's happening guys i know i'm sorry i
didn't post a video yesterday but the
weather was crap and my feel like i was
equally as crappy feeling but I'm
feeling much better today the weather's
opened up so we're going to actually go
fly the drum for a little bit I came out
to a little park that I know no one's
gonna be at the Sun definitely went away
and it kind of stinks because I wanted
to get some sunshine it's been like
super drab around here lately there she
sits we're ready to fly let's show you
guys some this is buckeye lake over here
actually i don't think i'll fly over the
water cuz i'm not quite ready for that
yet but i'm just going to do some basic
maneuvers and get me fully prepared for
taking this thing off a beginner mode so
i have to say that's pretty scary going
up that high i actually I took it out I
landed it and took it off beginner mode
and i think i went up to a maximum
altitude of a hundred and seventeen feet
so that was pretty cool such awesome
footage that i can see from my angle i
hope it looks equally as good on camera
for you guys I'll get better I want to
start shivering I'm so cold I want to
start trying to like track subjects you
saw I tried to orbit myself
so that turned out pretty good but it's
just really weird getting the hang of
this quite different but we'll get there
what balling back home Veronica's not
here she went out for a little day of
shopping with with the girls Eliza and
her cousin Amanda it's Christmastime so
trying to get all those gifts ready for
the kids can't wait exciting the rain
has definitely moved in it's awful out
there are you guys we were gonna go get
a tree today but I don't think that's
going to happen either because I don't
want to go cut down a tree while it's
wet so I'm gonna get a nice hot cup of
coffee wait for Veronica to come home
it's actually almost time for Carson to
get here welcome home dude I want to do
lights this year the past couple years I
didn't do Christmas lights like on the
outside of the house and I really want
to do it this year I don't know what I'm
lucky that it was sun's out yeah
Lorraine's moved on that way this is all
just partly cloudy stuff did you have
fun at the store yeah I watched a video
earlier and I've just left it on other
lifted on autoplay totally over
seriously is it lirio lets me do my part
for the YouTube community get rid of
that old table hey you put that over
there it makes right here all the lives
of stuff brown basket from the noises
room we use for their toys
when they were little yeah and we playin
that cool down now yeah yeah it'll stick
out into that shelf to look at all
Eliza's little toys just a little corner
oh don't let her play on the computer
she's not old enough yet I think this is
echoes way of saying ferried back you
hungry there girl I got you come on come
on let go look how big she's getting
echo you're getting so big yeah hey Shay
can you shake days hand come on shake
I'm trying to teach her that chick chick
good girl good girl good girl wacko but
its nearing five o'clock and it's
Wednesday so I have a live stream to
host tonight before that though I get on
with my buddy Norman help figure out
some things beforehand so I'm gonna do
that while mommy takes care of some
homework Carson are you doing homework
or playing with toys we know the answer
there so we're upstairs doing the live
stream right now Colin came up and
joined us look how big that headset is
that big old headset I got a rocket
launcher is everyone being good inside
your head okay that's good everyone in
here we're doing like a mini QA while
Colin's playing the game everyone's
asking their questions just hanging out
together having a good time oh there's
there's my vlog loves we just finished
well we finish the stream a few minutes
ago another three hour one I mean that's
good I like to engage the audience for
that long I think that's fantastic but
three hours a long time to sit in this
chair from this camera playing video
games but it's fun it's like the time
passes it didn't feel like three hours
and i'm sitting here with Norman doing
the my mod of my post post stream
moderator
wrap up right Norman hey everyone this
is stressful what is stressful making
sure we have everything poro the crash
she just came back from Bath & Body
Works cuz we were a pair streaming and
she walmart and walmart what happened
what did you do we just had to make sure
we have everything for all the crafts
they were filming tomorrow yeah we're
doing this again tomorrow we kind of we
kind of missed the bus on the like the
jar thing that the video that they did
it was a fall decor perfect in time for
Thanksgiving and then the week before we
had you know that life-changing event
happened and so we missed the bus on the
fall decor video because now we're
moving on to Christmas no one cares
about fall anymore it's about to start
snowing it was snowing 10 yourself oh
really yep so now they're working on
some Christmas gift ideas for the ladies
preethi hi pretty girl what are you
doing playing with empty boxes who's
your toys are those more interesting
than your toys wait bye to Daddy bye
there she goes Oh echo ah come on I love
you too but geez this is the sugar scrub
yeah it's amazing song it made your
hands also know whoa and you don't even
need lotion you'd think that sugar would
make your hands to keep are you ready
Oh interesting Jace is like he picks up
the little jar that we made the sugar
scrub with and he says so this is what
you're making everybody curiosity is
part of the male genome and he's curious
so he's ready to try it out no she's
making me I am NOT she is gonna believe
him can you see her forced to leave him
nope a little bit on your hands and
scrub for like two minutes no hey like
just a little bit yeah that's perfect
solo gig Moreno if I don't want to
damage it oh I don't think a little
sugars are just scrub and lather it's
not so well act like here in them in the
back then between your fingers it's just
powder just keep scrubbing just keep
scrubbing just keep scrubbing oh no I
got it wet it's fine
run your hands and roll gently scrub
your exfoliating where your hand gets
really dry it's feels like fast word fan
paper peppermint faster work the feeling
after you rinse oh my gosh at lava mmm a
lot of this it's a crack and then you
just rub it all back off haha
i'm not i am filming and then once all
your kruger particles are off these pins
dry your hands dry your hands ciao you
can try your mints know who they smell
like crap haha how soft darling my
goodness they're soft as a baby's bottom
you know so did it were you just feel I
did feel it I just federalizing her
bottle before bed and I'm so sad cuz i
layer down and I just realized that
she's like three times bigger than she
was when we brought her home she's like
growing she sits up she crawls she
stands she chatters she waves she smiles
she just so cute and I know that her
little miss isn't gonna last forever
life truly is the adventure it is that
means new beginnings odd you like the
new Scooby game where do you all like
okay now it's time to tuck these guys in
bed you ready for school tomorrow k ya
see in the morning good night sleep
tight little tired grumpy Gus I'm not
probably either Oh we'll make it feel
better all the glad ears to give you big
kiss on your cheek
friendly scalpel scalpel good morning
that we're gonna boys actually I'm ready
for school nice hot cup of java very
very hot what is happening the Christmas
elf oh my gosh it's super creepy mmm
yeah sitting up there mr. gel what haha
no I'm gonna go get the baby to fly to
the North Pole that's a new tradition in
the beginning right there this tradition
began for the gilroy family a December 3
2015 we welcomed our elf by choosing the
name mr. stealth yeah all right good by
calling i love you don't get up gonna
kiss there's your bus dude hey have a
fantastic thursday love you hey Doris
stealth is watching number two at the
bus stop you ready for school
yeah excited for your new elf-friend
stealth yeah yeah it's gonna be here at
Christmas oh yeah Christmas Eve so in 18
epic so he's Santa's informant I've
azusa blue tomorrow really yeah I was a
somewhat Torah he's gonna tell Santa
when you're bad and if you're good maybe
a days when it's cool they see
everything
hey have a great thursday I love you
long time
okay good haha I told him the elf was
under the car making sure he was getting
school but we've got the kids off to
school it's uh another one of those
cloudy cold days probably gonna snow /
rain so i'm i'm gonna go ahead and take
a shower and yeah i'm going to move
about my day how exciting is it we've
got a new tradition starting today with
the Elf on a shelf so cleverly named
stealth and I hope you guys enjoyed some
more super cool looking drone footage
obviously with every flag would get a
little bit better I want to try and
start like go I want to take it out to
scotty's and have him ride the
four-wheeler out in the fields so that I
can try and follow him with the drone
just to kind of you know sharpen the
skills even farther but we're getting
there we're getting there the drone
footage looks sick super happy with the
quality you can't complain however it is
31 20 I think 3120 footage at 60
megabits per second it's not the hundred
mega bits which you you know kind of
look for for 4k footage but it's still
really good and I can't complain so
awesome footage hopefully we'll get into
something even more fun today I don't
know if I'll fly out we'll see yeah so
that's all I've got for you guys today
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see all of you right back
here tomorrow
you
