this is the moment of truth you guys
welcome to our day glad you could make
it it's quite chilly out today but what
we're doing is first initial flight of
our new drone oops up our mess
alright alright let's see we got here
this is the first flight let's just bar
this bad boy up
all right he's survived we took it up we
brought it down that's it I'm done
putting this thing in the box i'm not
using it again yes all right a little
break from the flyin to warm my fingers
cuz it's quite chilly outside um we're
at joshs it was Samantha's moms Josh's
mother in law it's a very exciting day
for her why Marge I'm nigga big she's
moving like 25 feet that way yeah so she
got a new double wide and this is the
old one they had to tear of all the deck
and that there's a big deck here
actually and she's got a nice brand new
double wide right there that's crazy how
you can just like I bought a new house
put it right in my front yard we'll get
rid of this one pretty cool so we're
helping her move some stuff over there I
don't know
all right we got the couch has moved
into the the barn or the garage they're
not moving them in here yet because it's
still got some work left to do look at
this man could you imagine just getting
a brand-new I mean it's a manufactured
home but brand-new everything everything
from the ceiling down pretty uh I mean I
personally don't like these kinds of
home cuz I like having a basement but uh
I think she can be super happy here it's
awesome the thing is a few years back uh
Marge's husband John Smith's dad he died
cancer and she's been without him for a
little while and this trailer that I'm
sure always every day reminds her of of
him so it's I feel like it's good for
her to get into a new place you know to
start having some new memories and you
know it's just cool yet she deserves it
she's such a good good awesome
fun-loving person so it's good to see
her get this what do you think
you
alright so we've had some practice the
drone footage looks so good so good PJ
wants to fly I do I want to fly so bad
I'll let you fly it you got her what are
you doing when she goes to work I think
I got another battery to dispense so we
should definitely practice some more but
it'll be not calm no it's fine it's fine
it's fine alright so we got to pack this
up and get gender work she's got to be
there by six and its coldest look
today's the first day of deer season the
gun season and we already saw like six
deer on the sides of the roads not dead
they're running they're running away
trying to find safety from all these
hunters and on our way out here we saw
the one two or three different groups of
people cars parked hunters walking out
to the fields try and catch a deer and
here you are you're logging while
driving it's okay though because
my blog hand is on autopilot it runs
whether I have a camera in here so you
see now fully focused on the road and
vlogging is just on autopilot we all
just walked in we all just walked in
Veronica got groceries i created of it
before that even happened what's the
boys cameras you should redo your intro
yeah don't open them yet till you're
perfectly ready it's ready i zoom in on
it mm-hmm you get through this with that
one and I'll get you in the professional
setup with the desk downstairs and all
that are you hiding it ha don't give
your feet to the dog sweetheart that's
totally not cool not cool I just fed her
too well this jar she didn't really like
squash and potatoes little thicker stuff
another stage up she totally demolished
this apple and kiwi and a half I gave
her this bowl cereal that's wash Bowl
and now she's eating these little puffs
yeah it's a good report I don't know if
you can tell this I it's quite red and
either she's got some like sleeping it's
um I gunk it's scratched her eye or or
she could potentially have pink eye
which is like just another one hanging
bags just another day in the life of a
parent that lida Veronica's got a
package she'd been shopping on the
internet is that an amazon box dang she
really hasn't been shopping haha look we
still got this balloon cluster from
Carson's birthday we don't get rid of
time hey where you going they're mine
sneaky mix nickerson so Veronica got
some secret packages in the mail must
spend Christmas shopping well does she
know I guess I just too oh yeah you know
we're going to do Carson we're off to go
get our tree man yep Oh yep we're gonna
get one we're gonna come yeah like we
did last year last year we went to the
tree farm and we cut our own down it's
the perfect tree I wouldn't get one for
you there's no buy one get one free on
trees ever these guys go sleep too you
know what's funny is they didn't have
school today so they got wednesday
thursday friday saturday sunday monday
pretty sweet well now it's back to
school tomorrow so get your rest okay
back to school tomorrow you happy about
it hey everyone get nicely tight don't
let the bedbugs bite and last me two
samples my dude when did you show him
what you did to Tooth Fairy came and
found you two what happened what what
did the Tooth Fairy give you five
dollars
Wow good for you yeah person good night
sleep tight my love i love you she's got
it so I'm spent most of the morning
we're actually into the afternoon
already in the next day but I i started
working last night again on the zombie
video I pretty much picked out all the
shots from my head cam that I want and
I'm working on like customizing the HUD
so there's like a herald trai there's a
heads-up display happening that shows my
current weapon approach change out the
white so you can see it better health
and then I'm gonna put like avatars for
each of the teammates that are up here
still alive and we'll go from there so
yeah we're into the next day I I need to
edit today's vlog so that I can get out
there and vlog again and to be honest
the weather today is awful very chilly
it's very cloudy and it's raining again
I wanted to take the drone out again and
get some more footage you saw in the
video earlier that's all the footage i
got from when i flew it we ran out of
time had to leave and then we ran out of
light the drone flying is gonna be very
addictive and I've relinquished my fear
of crashing it i don't think i'm going
to crash it so uh so that's all I've got
for you guys today thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see all of
you right back here tomorrow
you
