alright guys so today we're doing
something really awesome the boys and I
are here at the Columbus Convention
Center where they're doing a really
awesome dinosaur exhibit yeah so we're
gonna go in here and see what it's all
about it's supposed to be an actual
dinosaur I don't think it's a real
dinosaur otherwise you'd be in real
trouble
the kids know all these dinosaurs all
because of the Lego Jurassic the
Jurassic Park movie Jurassic world what
do you call this dinosaur
what dinosaur has the longest name can
you say that
that's pretty good nice the micro
Pachycephalosaurus
there's like a play play house over here
I mean there is a lot to this I thought
there's gonna be a whole lot more but
pretty much it's pretty much for like
little little
you want some snacks so the boys wanted
to do one more thing this little ice age
do
high fives guys how are you you want a
picture all right boys what do you think
was it fun is awesome
yeah it was really slow
I was fun there was a I don't know it
could have been a little better more
exciting maybe but spending time
together just me and my boys that's what
made it all right you ready go home you
should probably put your coat on it's
pretty chilly out now oh my god oh
there's a line of zombies over there
we're not quite ready to leave yet we
have to play the little life hack game
and go inside the north market because
to park in here you have to get your
parking ticket validated by going into
the north market otherwise it's quite a
bit more to parking yourself we're going
to the north market for a cheeky little
beverage it's my friend James would say
oh yeah
I forget is in the
in philly there's a spot very much like
this much bigger though but it's a
cheeky little market here's a cheeky
again all kinds of cool stuff alright
boys game so
cheeky little Bev
what's there we go back home and kick it
with mommy
so in a beautiful downtown Columbus
we're on the other side high street
where we used to all film all those big
pranks it's kind of nostalgic being on
high street actually it makes you miss
it you know those were the good days we
don't we don't do them like that no more
kind of stinks but we've all moved on to
bigger and hopefully better things you
know I do the vlogs now and working on
legends fall so much this
it's coming I have I have said the
trailer to New Zealand I believe for
music scoring so it's hopefully in
production I have to check with with the
guy but it's exciting i can't wait it's
gonna have its weird because now we're
we're in like winter season so I'm gonna
have to find like seriously talented
like say for instance an ice sculptor
who's ridiculously good at doing ice
sculptures or skiers or snowboarders and
now that I have a drone it's up to me to
practice and get very good at it so I
can use a drone on the slopes it's very
exciting moving on to new things i'm
hoping that you guys like what we're
working on clearly taking a lot of time
to do it but once you see it everything
start to come together you'll know that
we've been busy we got one more stop to
make Sam's Club I need salt for the
softener and really I think that's it
what I think we might get gas to look
you can get unleaded for a dollar eighty
that's pretty good I had to get this big
car so the boys get right on it
that's an insult check out this deal 48
batteries for 15 bucks you can't beat
that honey oh ho you're home I gotta go
upstairs back to work yep it's it's
funny that's how it works work is
playing video games but when work is fun
is not really work I'll be up there you
can come up when you want okay bring
Eliza she's always fun my mom and dad
stopped by gosh got Veronica here show
them real quick it's so awesome oh it
bracelet can't see it I'll try and get a
close-up always in my heart yeah poor
baby came in you can't see it with his
wings in his heart hmm that's thoughtful
yeah my parents rock yeah all right I
love you the pandora bracelets has
always in my heart and I thought that
was really special my mom's big Pandora
freak so I knew she was gonna get her
something like that all right it's time
for the live stream if you guys aren't
aware every wednesday and sunday i live
stream on twitch twitch TV ford / gilroy
gaming we play games with you guys and
we have fun so that's what i'm gonna do
now no one will hear what you're saying
but you'll be in the book alright so
we're upstairs look this is such an
honor for me we're upstairs this is the
middle of the twitch stream but look
right here I don't know if you know
anything about Xbox this beside the the
gamertag that glad is a clan tag that
these guys have just put on for the
gladiators so the gladiators is a new
clan tag on the Xbox one I can't take it
it's so awesome and everyone everyone in
the chat getting their chat shoutouts
again Oh
isn't this dude captain Carson wants to
tell me a story every time we stream oh
he's such a funny guy oh are you gonna
start vlogging with it I I want 200 see
we can do set you up with an SD card
yeah it was supposed to be over at eight
o'clock but I continued with some guys
who are showing me the ropes of the
zombie zombie mode on black ops 3 it's
insane all the stuff that you have to do
so Veronica came up and said hey Liza
still awake it's time for it's time for
the walking dead so just one from one
leg to the next what are you doing dad
the prodigal son returns it appears as
the colin is hanging up an interesting
point in the camera himself and I'm
starting my own unboxing channel oh
really it's gonna be coins supreme of
oxygen super own box each it's gonna be
like you know how FG TV buddy DTV daddy
in chase yeah um you know how they do
chase his corner right we should do
Gilroy a corner Gilroy corner no you
gotta do your own thing you got to be
original like uh like yeah comments of
colon or Collins I don't know you put
some in your investment intelligence
into it come up with your own thing yeah
okay yeah think about it ok let's go up
the bang ok it's rocket boots ok
almost I have every dollar I did not do
that well I may have had a partner
influencing that I didn't do that hey
Colin did you have fun at the diner
exhibit it was so fun yeah I'm glad you
had fun give me hugs and kisses I love
you goodnight honey I love you goodnight
hi no cooperation you're still cute
though yeah we took a little time out to
get the house all cleaned up we got all
this stuff cleaned up last night it
looks like a bomb went off in here so we
had to wake up and clean before I said
anything to you guys but I'm excited
because let's check it out we've got a
charge controller here got our charge
drone batteries well this one's
finishing up today after I edit we take
to the skies a little bit of flight
tutorial this is new to me and I'm
hoping to prank I'm honestly very very
nervous because they don't want to crash
it and if you're a long time follower of
the channel you'll know that my first
experience with a drone was with Tom
mabe and I crashed his name was Josh he
was the drone pilot I crashed his drone
boo and I'm hope
that I don't do that again oh my gosh
what's happened a talk by zombies the
boys are supposed to be cleaning their
room yeah looks like you guys need to
finish up car said come on you've got
more work to do get in there hey I want
this room clean before you do anything
today they're supposed to go play with a
friend play date but you're not gonna go
unless this room's clean okay so up to
it last night's twitch stream was quite
long I was the longest one so far at
three hours but it was really fun we got
a bunch of new subscribers on the twitch
channel we had a donator for ten dollars
is a lot of fun there's a lot of fun
we're having a lot of fun with the
twitch thing I don't know if you saw my
newest setup but I got the TV up there
so if you watch me on the stream that's
why I'm looking up but I stream here
read comments and all that stuff here
and i have my moderators up on screen
here hey so yeah we're gonna cut today's
video off right there it was a ton of
fun at the diner expert to know we were
expecting but good to hang out with the
boys and get some like quality bro time
you know what I mean alright guys so
that's what I'm gonna leave before today
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see all you guys right
back here tomorrow for some exciting new
aerial footage I'd be ready for that
alright guys we'll see you right back
here tomorrow
you
