what's up guys welcome to another video
today we're doing something a little
special we promised you guys we would be
doing a baby food challenge video boys
that's right it happens today but like I
said you guys didn't see you saw this
challenge video yesterday but I didn't
post anything as far as vlog and but we
did go to like her dad's house for
Thanksgiving dinner to point out so I
thought I would show you that while
we're filming this video and we'll pick
up there where we leave off so check
that out we're over here at veronika's
dad's house Kathy then I heard a most
splendid splendid
2.0 Thanksgiving meal a little bit you
did your part I'm sure as men we do what
we need to do right otherwise we'd be
dead in the basement yes this is a
battlefield you're witnessing a
battlefield some crazy stuff to throw
down here again second Thanksgiving
dinner in a row my sinuses are awful
I just finished up some dessert apple
pie a la mode
that's apple pie with ice creams and
Grammys up out there after Colin because
his tooth is loose very very little
and Veronica tried to put floss on it
earlier to pull it out but it's sat in
his mouth for so long it got super wet
and disintegrated pretty much so once
you pulled it it just ripped so I think
Grammys are memories out there trying to
we gotta pull that to that I don't know
he's back and I'm pulled on it and
stupid floss disintegrated from where
you left it in there for so long because
I'd say buddy you can do it right in
between like I talked to Tojo stick it
right in between what the whole team the
whole teeth pulling thing has become
quite an ordeal for this evening and
he's become hypersensitive about what's
filming it too so I don't know if you'll
be able to see the teeth come out but
we're working on pulling the saga
continues they're currently still in the
bathroom trying to convince Colin to use
the floss yes so much time has passed
yeah I just want him to man up and get
it over with I'm ready to move on with
my day
you keep pressure on abhava
don't you dare call them assisted
because when you were that age and you
how to lose to that you didn't want to
pull it out you didn't do it either and
your parents had to take action so I
understand why I was scared and I would
have been too so we just had to take
care of it it's done it's out its out
yeah trying to steal the show they're
raiding the candy stash that was another
the stipulations was just too cool
he'd be able to rape grandma's secret
candy stash what are you taking home
buyers hey thanks for the help with the
tooth by the way oh that was that was
fun
thanksgiving to point out is over
grandpa see you later see ya bye Sophie
little puppy that's a diaper on
Oh doh yes Oh Collin definitely was put
through the wringer yesterday getting
his tooth out how does your tooth feel
now pod or where where your tooth was
yeah and you feel different yeah it's
coming through now and maybe Eliza so we
just finished our baby food challenge
here's what's left of it and baby Eliza
was sitting back here the whole time
patiently looking at us eating her food
like come on guys let me eat it huh
Gertie - she likes the macaroni and beef
vegetable I'll tell you what I don't
know how babies eat that stuff
it does not taste like what it says it
is and there's the video I hope you guys
enjoyed it there's a lot of fun to make
but let's go downstairs I want to show
you something new so in case you guys
didn't pick up on it I mentioned over
the past couple of weeks that I'd be
doing some you know some sponsorships
and it was all is all for one particular
reason and that was to make up the funds
to get this so I have now my very own 4k
flying camera the Phantom 3 pretty
excited about that I've been wanting to
get this thing for a long time and I've
been saving up and saving up and saving
up and finally I got it but as fate
would have it it rained all day today so
I didn't get to fly it some basic event
reading up on the books and watching
some tutorials and just kind of
freshening my brain on how to operate
this thing and I'll tell you what I
can't wait so get ready for some awesome
awesome awesome aerial videography I'll
tell you what this thing's gonna make
some pretty incredible video and I
couldn't be more pumped I know you are
too because you know I'm gonna do some
good things with that dude you did super
good on the baby food challenge video
I'm glad you participated you didn't
want to don't you get me they hadn't
seen the video yet they're watching it
for the first time on the TV and cursor
kiss that laughing it's the second time
watching it
that's good that's a good son of a funny
video so it's only 9 o'clock
you're not account of me not feeling so
good
we're gonna all go to bed early I'm
gonna talk to bed the kids in now and
then watch a movie and probably fall
asleep on the couch all right Collin he
likes to sleep with ya buddy love you do
so unfortunately we're gonna have to
make an abrupt into today's vlog because
there's something going on at the
convention center up in Columbus and I
want to take the boys to and if I if
we're gonna make it and we're gonna get
this vlog up and we're gonna be back in
time for live streaming tonight we're
gonna have to end the vlog now and edit
and and get going so I do apologize for
the abrupt end today's kind of weird
crazy vlog but we're gonna go take the
boys to a really cool dinosaur exhibit
at the Columbus Convention Center today
and and so I gotta hurry so thank you
guys all so much for watching and I
can't wait to see all of you right back
here tomorrow
