brought over to that bed me you guys
welcome to the vlog today we're starting
our day here and this beautiful little
ceremony mrs. Scott's mom and stepdad
they are renewing 25 years of marriage
today so we're happy to be a part of it
here with them okay some time has passed
everyone's changed out of their stuff
and we're here because back in 10 renew
their vows today that's very very cool
very excited how long have you guys been
married 25 years on this but past
Valentine's Day thinks I took 25 years
to renew your vows honey
25 years for a real wedding you didn't
have we got married it's just this is a
piece of courthouse what is Lummis we're
going to do that at 25 years or should
do it anytime you could do it anytime
yeah it was beautiful there's so many
here like this right here look up here
this this thing that says we still do
like when you get married you say I do
and then say we still do forevermore
that's cute back here you got it all out
here well we came out here today to see
that now it's a real act on it is the
start of 4th of July holiday celebration
so there's fireworks tonight in town
which we're not going to go see we were
contemplating going to get some of our
own but yeah this is our weekend to hang
out with our friends without the kids
click adult time so we're going to try
and get into a little bit of fun tonight
like look at this this is so clever take
one and watch love grow just given all
our guests today a nice little this is
called a succulent yeah it's a head and
chicken huh hidden chicken juice yellow
Becky it was lovely
thanks for having us oh you're welcome
it's a family right here guys this is
our extended family way back way back we
want to make sure people are safe on the
4th of July guys it's Independence Day
soon enough and if you're Canadian our
neighbors up north today's Canada Day so
happy Canada Day to you we're doing some
experiment and this is with some
sparklers we got a story where sparklers
would explode if you taped a few of them
together like if you're trying to make
one really big cool sparkler and you
wanted to put them all together it may
explode so I was like I'm not buying it
we're going to see if it's true or not
we're going to set this sparkler here
we're going to light it we're going to
run this is not something that you
should do kids don't do this this is
purely for what you call it purely for
like educational purposes we want to
know what's going to happen if you do do
something like that all right I'm just
going to try and run like this here and
run really fast what I'm actually going
to angle it along he's got your bar cake
don't fly down Society
okay here we go
I'm gonna have it really not
okay so pretty much this proves the myth
walk of shame that the sparklers will
explode on you if you put them all
together like that well I did see a
video where if you intentionally wrap
them a certain way it would make a big
boom but for all intensive purposes
they'll do that okay so I have a ton of
glow sticks right so I thought it'd be
really cool we actually bring any
fireworks we have a bunch of glow sticks
we're going to take a bunch of glow
sticks and drop them inside the air
cannon and launch it off and I mean full
we're going to fill this to the post big
it should be pretty cool haha so it's so
cool
honey look look I've got a glowstick
homemade firework cannon
you ready yeah this is going to be epic
pretty much what I think is this are all
jammed in there maybe it's a little too
heavy I don't know that's a lot of
weight but I'm just going to leave it
instead of leaving those in there and
see what happens if we just shoot happen
what I wanted to sting was we had a lot
of fun last night instead of the kids
standeth grandma Alex and all that now
hot about to play some water watch
Carson ready ready
I'm going to do it Oh job Liza good job
you're swimmin
good time fun times we what that's yours
thanks dude
this is the worst part of the day to be
doing this because the Sun is like right
right in my grill
yeah I know you're thinking you can
almost smell it these are beer broth and
you boil them first check this out
you boilies first before you throw them
on the grill they're sure to be done
inside and that's how you want them
right you don't want them wrong
oh by the way you don't eat at all no
dude what
these are beer brats oh no you can't
have them good surprise you can't draw a
grave I want that cat huh you want that
cat don't you I thought was a wire did
you look at this cat it's like climbing
the bush all right here it is big reveal
ready this is dinner
oh well I'll tell you what I brought the
meat everyone ready whole see that
burnout Johnny just getting good
ah yeah well I got that continuously
variable transmission I'll get rid of it
oh we got thrown in there well I'm
talking about it I didn't know the
lights turn green and what else you got
and I just I went for the win I know a
safety is the most important and I think
you played the right card no I had to
get gas and I was like you know what
forget the gas let's just get some data
and I realize we were still in race all
right well I'm going to expect those
Pink's by the other day go live it oh
she's excited for the farmer
bugs are bad here they're starting
they're starting it appears as though
our positioning is a little bit off this
year look how many of the kids are
excited with a pirate not nobody telling
what we're calling Oh
he's watching you like the fireworks
Colin that's my dude hit the rock the
proximity of our viewing platform for
the flag are quite far this year did you
see much - did you have to use the super
zoom on your phone much yeah we'll get
some better ones when is there more
fireworks we need to go see you like
tomorrow Oh Mars are one boom red wine
boom boom and Lancaster the fourth oh no
way dude we should go to Langstrom I
should go fly and like secure those
powers are amazing or in the other tent
hurry guys we've got tired Liza
we got tired mommy we got tired everyone
else but me that was fire word they were
quite far away and I promise you that
won't be the coolest set of firework
that we see this year we'll get you some
better footage
now oh it's still so beautiful outside I
feel like I just love these warm summer
nights where you can just come outside
and it still feels amazing that's pretty
much where we're going to leave this
video guys I hope you had fun hanging
out with us this weekend
we filmed very little but did so much if
they're asleep there's no crime adult
time I got probably about an hour and a
little bit I'm going to bed
I got a couple a couple minutes to place
and battlegrounds I think so thank you
guys so much for hanging out with us
this weekend we hope you're having a
wonderful holiday celebration if you're
in the US and if not hope you have an
epic weekend get a good start to your
Monday that's where we're going to leave
you thank you so much for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
next time
