what's up guys happy Thanksgiving to
those of you who celebrate we've started
our day right here at Nana's
unfortunately we're not gonna eat here
because we have few other stops to make
and then it's not ready yet but keep in
mind that today is a day set aside for
us throughout the year to give thanks to
this things that we have in our life
there's things and those people so make
sure you think about that today what do
you think before me I'm thankful for my
lovely wife well aren't you going right
there I'm thankful for Nana right there
thanks for this little baby DT cart
where's my boys oh try and guess where
the boys are at oh they're outside well
the short of it extremely thankful for
my family because without them I
wouldn't be where I'm at today so we
have headed out we've embarked on our
Thanksgiving Day journey
Fairmount travel now this year on my
previous year's tradition is usually to
go to Veronica's grandma's
we're not doing that this year that's a
little weird
and said our first stop would be to her
cousin Amanda's house where the majority
of your side
he's my cousins
like
oh yeah yeah my mom will be there
and then after that we're going to my
parents house where my entire family's
be there it's easy on our side our
entire family goes to my parents house
it's easy can you guys say that
pronounce that right now because the
correct pronunciation is on the back and
I'm going to tell you how you should
pronounce it some people call it a chi
but no it's right here I don't think can
be able to see it oh the lights going
crazy
it's acai acai berry acai berry is
supposed to have like exponential
amounts of antioxidants over it
blueberries so it's like the superfood
lots of
I told you we're here first play down
you're full already boulogne mama you
didn't finish your plate mom all my
wallet extra time maybe lasts over there
getting spoiled by the aunties these
white cards out out there would you look
so tired baby she's beat she missed both
naps a hmm
she'll get two maybe by the time we get
home she'll be just hard to know if we
can all take a nap I know I need a nap
my sinuses are acting up again I can't
win turkey everyone has turkey on
Thanksgiving typically and turkey
turkey has a chemical
tryptophane and
it makes you sleepy
that's why I if you're having
Thanksgiving dinners and eat a lot of
Turkey and tired it's because the turkey
turkey makes you tired
we were actually very very early no one
else serious us yeah oh look look mom
always has my favorite pie in here for
Thanksgiving check it out
it doesn't look like much but this this
is a sugar cream pie my favorite next to
a pumpkin pie with whipped cream on it
but sugar cream pie we've got Turkey and
oven of course everyone else brings all
kinds of different stuff okay well look
at this there's possible or lemon
meringue chocolate cream pie
that's awesome yeah that's pretty cool
dude you can get inside and everything
right
dude that is cool did you take damage
oh he'll be all right well that's cool
dude I never built a TV at six
that's alright Oh double different
company
alright Carson will feed you okay
you know you want you know some turkey
you want some green bean casserole it's
so good you don't even know yeah green
bean casserole corn souffle sweep tear
and cranberry sauce
yes sir you're double-dipping too huh
yep time we get big this is a modest
conception my favorite pie in the world
hmm
look at that baby lies are you sleepy
girl which just came in here me Liza
that poor thing
Veronica just put her in her PJ's she's
done he's ready to go to sleep and I
can't say that I'm too far behind I'm
pretty tired too so we're gonna head out
mom mom
Happy Thanksgiving thank you for dinner
and my orange soda Dallas are you my
ride-or-die homey
say one since they want a onesies day
one we're gonna go do something when we
get home I'm talking about that in a
minute
Dallas and Sarah are gonna go on our
first ever pretty much nonsense Black
Friday but Thursday shopping we're not
really shopping we're just gonna check
out what's going on because I've always
wanted to see it yeah check out the
crazy people you've never been have you
yeah oh you've been Black Friday have
you been on Thursday the Thanksgiving
Day I guarantee you there's ton of
people out there who've already had
their Thanksgiving dinner and they've
had some drinks and they're just ready
to fight looking for some deals let's go
mingle
more people than I've ever seen in here
at one time
ever ever well guys look who I met right
here I'm Black Friday shopping Bailey
from burger gets out of the house and he
goes shopping on Thanksgiving Day
that's right after I worked you're
you're a soldier
so I picked up some
maybe I shouldn't show this now for only
not going to see it
well let's just say I got something to
keep running a little warm this winter
oh look at the lines
Claes it it's okay we're almost done
with this what are you getting exactly
some bras and yeah she wants to go to
Victoria Secrets I might just wait out
here
there's a certain awkwardness for a
couple guys they're just kind of waiting
they're not looking but waiting for the
girl to take care of their stuff like
everyone's looking at you I know no
we're not creeps we're here with a girl
our second stop is target oh look
there's a target cop up there
man he's fancy but this isn't that bad
like there's a lot of people around
though it's not as bad as I've seen it
we need to go to like Columbus or New
York City that's where it's bad look the
only reason we came here was so they
could get a Christmas tree you want that
big one seriously who goes shopping for
Christmas trees on Thanksgiving lucky
thing is Black Friday but it's
Thanksgiving and check this out Veronica
and Amanda are going back out at
midnight I just came for two things
they're dicks
so once we get back home you guys are
gonna go with Veronica and Amanda and
see if you can catch some more craziness
do I sound hoarse or stuffed up because
I don't my sinuses are messed up I don't
feel good again hey guys we're out and
about Amanda and Alyssa that's her
daughter
our first stop here at Starbucks you
gotta get some coffee make it through
the night when I get out it was cheap
and I'm like wait a second I forgot my
wallet
how do I do that Amanda have a story
every year we walk right over here this
is our Black Friday story so we get in
here and it was like four minutes till
1:00 a.m. you come in this store route
21 which is where we've been wanting to
come and don't work here or saying two
minutes two minutes they closed it 1-1
fee is smooth all right next up good old
American Eagle
like you so I'm just looking through
soviet-american even Alyssa's like
breakdancing
it's really 238
we have retired
deals to money
for sivanna
like that pull an all-nighter
really stood in any line I mean there's
so people
Alysa so this
these little things that you can rent
and ride around the mall and it looks
like things you should do it on you have
to get with me
only if you do it with Aranda
oh no that's not
five dollars for seven minutes
now
right ain't being that it's embarrassing
enough we riding it around here these
guys building little spinners just no
wait
so Manda's getting grumpy man to take
grumpy my back keeps inner harm and
she's like hey
we are Riggin hungry I did say that the
last role was last stop but I lied
just keeps up oh my God look at that
shit work
there's three guys right up
oh look they got their bags like divvied
up they're sharing the weight of the
load in this door look it's see-through
that will me that see we made it we made
it rapidly approached 4:30 in the
morning and as we're sitting here I'm
thinking maybe we should just hit up a
drive-thru you got a t-bone steak you
gotta eat t-bone steak was diving in
their tears we haven't even got her sofa
we're under breath she's like
I got sausage and gravy in hash browns
and eggs man does a copycat t-bone steak
that's a lot of toes we made it to their
house dropping them off juice 15-20
minutes thanks for coming good morning
guys it's actually afternoon Veronica
didn't come home to like 5 o'clock in
the morning 35 30 yeah here's a late
night especially not only for her but
for me too
while she was out I went to sleep
because I didn't feel good at all
took some nyquil 3 o'clock in the
morning echo is down here barking like a
crazy dog just going off the handle so I
could come downstairs and take care of
her and then Eliza woke up cuz she
doesn't feel good I'm gonna end the vlog
here because that was a that was
definitely a Thanksgiving we aren't
quite accustomed to of course we go and
we you know with the family and stuff
but usually we leave it at that we
haven't gone out shopping Thanksgiving
night ever and we wanted to see what all
the fuss is about my verdict is
I don't know my go I don't need to do
that anymore I normally go
I mean Amanda usually yeah Thanksgiving
night no Black Friday morning you go
yeah
you know usually go after dinner no well
we didn't go after dinner we shot for
midnight mm-hmm yeah Friday well that's
what I did I went out for dinner to
check out some stuff not all it's
cracked up to be yeah had to get a coat
I've been looking to get a new coat and
the particular one I wanted was $100 off
so I I picked it up and I picked up
Veronica soon there's no hiding it I
can't hide it
that's Veronica's new coat nice little
nice face girl we didn't see everyone
yesterday as far as family well we're
gonna go to her dad's for dinner tonight
so we're gonna get ready for that
tomorrow
I'm tossing up the idea of not putting
up a full vlog just because I feel like
crap and I kind of want to relax a bit
so we may do the baby food challenge
video tonight and if we do then you'll
see that tomorrow instead of a vlog
either way you'll get to see us tomorrow
I promise but I just want to rest it I
don't feel good at all
so that's all for us today guys thank
you so much for watching we can't wait
to see all of you right back here
