what's up friends welcome back to a day
in the life of the Gilroy today we have
our friends over for dinner and they
brought something really tasty I won't
open it yet I'll show you I'll show you
afterwards what Bob and a man do you
remember them we went and saw them you
know many many times and Bob's a
longtime friend of mine so they decided
to come over and share a dinner with us
and actually Bob's gonna get in on some
live-streaming with me here in a little
while so I'm excited for that the babies
are getting acquainted how's life as a
new mother
yeah it's the most rewarding thing in
the world isn't it yeah it's awesome
she's growing so good look at her hair
everything lies are you guys gonna be
besties are you gonna be back
look Eliza's graduated to a bigger more
human-like food
she still can't eat him whole because
you know that's she got them up nice and
small wise because I'm oh she's getting
so good at growing so fast it's actually
made me sad hmm so this is dinner what
is this Bob enchilada Oh looks fantastic
how fitting we had Taco Tuesday
yesterday that's got Lindsay's in today
its enchilada Wednesday you guys know
I'm a fan of Tabasco Bob brought the
Tabasco Chipotle kind smoked a Pina well
either way I'm really excited to try a
new Tabasco yeah hit it you first so no
don't kill me no so Bob and I are
upstairs doing our live stream he was
like I wanted him to pick the game and
he picked a familiar title that he's
played for a long time but it's been
obviously a little while battlefield
it's his favorite title you played on PC
what was the battlefield will be played
PC about them too battlefield 2 so it's
been a while ago yeah it's been a while
so we're playing battlefield hardline
right now and it's not good it's not
good at all
the new setup is definitely definitely
working out check it out so we've got
the stream laptop happening there
this is where I'm modern Turing the
twitch chat and my twitch alerts this is
my moderator in-charge Norman over here
and then our gameplay it's uh I wish I
had a wider angle lens so you can see it
all in one shot but it's definitely a
lot better than what I had before and
ever look everyone in the chats going
nuts for the vlog you guys loved the
vlog and you know what the vlog loves
you social we missed you guys so much
dude come on
just finish the livestream I was gonna
get a clip at the end but I didn't we're
just kind of getting busy wrapping
things up but check it out from far back
that's the hub that's the game station
it's pretty do I think Bob had some fun
I don't know Bob's about to leave
actually what do you think of the
livestream you know I'm gonna come over
next week and get you set up
you're gonna start live streaming oh
yeah yeah you can do it whenever you
want that's the beauty of it you can
last thing whenever you want you could
just be that guy psych super folder and
custom people out when Bob and a man who
just left there's a lot of fun hanging
out haven't seen him for a while they've
brought an amazing delicious dinner
really really good
Veronica's getting the feeding done
Liza's about to you bout to go down for
the night big girl oh she's like please
don't look at me
I'm tired tomorrow
Veronica's in charge of veggies like
veggie trees look how many veggies she's
got both these bags
there's three bags full of like salaries
little cherry tomatoes carrots broccoli
cauliflower so we have to prep that
tonight so I'm gonna go steal a couple
freezer bags silly girl
she's just so easy I don't understand is
it because she's a girl but then you pay
for it later in life or I don't know I'm
just she makes me very very happy in a
time when we've been really sad I went
down here to clean Fluffy's cat box look
it's completely empty I I finished it
out is that time of time of the week to
actually fully empty it out and put
fresh in we don't have any so I gotta go
to the store and get some cat litter
hopefully the store isn't like crazy
with people last minute shopping for
things give me I'm sitting here in the
grocery store thinking looking at all
these different kinds of cat litter I
mean there's tons of different kinds of
cat litter and I run into mall mall and
we're trying to figure out what's the
best one she uses this one scoop away
and down in the basement I know we have
a container like that so I don't know
should you stick with what you got or is
there a better one or are they all the
same really I guess it's just
yeah that's a good idea mama all you
guys out there who are cat owners what
kind of cat litter do you use and what
works the best for now I suppose I'll go
normal suggestion and use the scoop away
when I was in LA or Eddy we always got
Jew shots in the morning one of those is
like a citrus shot with the cayenne
pepper and it's very spicy and I just
saw these cold-pressed juices I thought
I'd get one give me some you know
organic natural antioxidants but this is
the only selection they've got I'm
nothing I'm gonna go with coconut water
pineapple mango avocado lemon yeah I'm
gonna try it I don't know if it's good
or not
well that's boosted green machine yeah
drive safe
hey help mom I'll put her groceries in
their car now I got to do this juice
Chris mom here's a Holley that will be
it's not bad are you brushing up on your
mobile life yeah look at you what are
you planning
polar mania okay guys I am getting the
veggies ready for tomorrow
I've got carrots granny there and I'm
beginning to chop the celery
wash the and moving right along to the
cucumbers all the veggies cucumbers
peppers broccoli carrots celery all cut
up ready for tomorrow Thanksgiving
Doritos don't you conscious but did you
rent a movie morning guys sorry I didn't
really end the vlog proper last night
which I really needed to because we have
to get ready and going early today we
have a few stops to make it is
Thanksgiving by the time you're watching
this I hope you're enjoying your
Thanksgiving Day with your family and
sharing some memories and being thankful
for those things that you have I know
that's what I'm gonna do
and I can't wait to see everyone so with
that being said I'm going to have to end
today's vlog I do apologize if it's a
little bit short but you'll have that I
want to thank you guys so much for
watching and as always I can't wait to
see all of you right back here tomorrow
