what's up you guys welcome to our day
thank you for joining us I was just
appear working on my computer and I did
a total noob mistake today
I accidentally exited out my export for
the vlog today and it was a long one so
it took like 50 some minutes for it to
finish so in the meantime I was I had
neglected to install the new operating
system for Mac which is al kak Tom now
captain El Capitan kind of cool I mean I
don't know any differences yet but the
the stock screensaver is pretty dope so
we're getting ready to leave actually uh
Scott and Lindsay invited us over for
tacos Taco Tuesday it is Tuesday so
we're gonna go and have some dinner with
them and kind of just hang out you know
keep ourselves busy keep our mind off
things but later when we come back you
saw on yesterday's video I picked up a
TV mount right for that a little TV
right there the gaming TV everyone's
getting ready you playing Fallout 3 oh
dude yeah how was your last day of
school yeah yeah holiday break oh yeah
oh yeah Oh careful are you ready for
Thanksgiving Carson yeah ready to eat
some food nothing's gonna feel better
than just shoving a load of mashed
potatoes turkey cranberry sauce
sweet potatoes green bean casserole
squash casserole guess who showed up
right as we're getting ready leave me
tablets he's got a past he was helping
his buddy move which is a good gesture
so good for you for doing that
yeah Veronica had to go inside Kroger to
get some stuff and I'm noticing like
your let me zoom in the Salvation Army
people are out in full force for the
holidays
Kruger's got all their Christmas stuff
out there it's amazing how fast you skip
over like it feels like it's Halloween
and then immediately it's Christmas
there's no in-between there's no like
celebration for Thanksgiving other than
the actual go into people's houses I
mean it just feels like Thanksgiving is
kind of overlooked anymore if you tune
it to 93 3 it's like all Christmas songs
all the time Carson goes play the
Christmas song huh that store is packed
really I've never seen every single line
is open and they're so long okay what do
you think it was the line even after you
scan yeah what do you think about the
music
I'm the year yep
all right let's continue on I can't wait
to go hang out with Scottie I miss him I
miss whole Scotty boy I've been hanging
out with friends that you know went in
times like these very important to hang
out with your friends and family bond
the first thing that struck my eye was
this very loud right this is what she's
calling her behavior behavior chart
coupled with chore jars and I'm just
sitting there thinking yeah I don't have
to go
I can just say move your clip and they
don't want to have to move their clips
so you go from awesome choices or
rewards good choices that's like the
start right here right right yeah yeah
warning timeout no TV tablet screens
till tomorrow go to bed early oh that's
so good oh can we do that yeah I mean I
don't want a copy I mean like my house
is clean
it's something it's been crazy ever
since estar do something that's a good
idea
touch the beard she's like no no no she
doesn't know she's like what is this is
this a yeah Scott and I are sitting here
looking through some old old photos from
my first vacation at the Outer Banks and
it was quite nostalgic cuz that was a
really a good vacation actually I mean
all the vacations are good but that
particular one something about that one
agree with me right the the shell game
house in the Outer Banks was the
absolute best
yeah it was the people we went with the
the attitude was our first time there
just something about that one was the
best we had a lot of fun he didn't have
Eliza there
that first burrito was good but I had to
go back to second and switch it up
check out my gourmet taco plate fun
hangout time for us to go Scotty
huh love you love that beard I know I'm
getting you for Christmas by Lindsey you
know when you see this box what you give
me
oh that's so nice of you
mm okay that's not bad it's like a burnt
orange camera doesn't show right and the
pheromone Kitty house oh you are too
kind so we don't get any hate for
leaving the cat out in the cold that's
good I was gonna build her something I
saw something on Facebook with it's like
one of those big totes those big
rectangular totes with like a cat door
cut into it
and then I think they heat it with a
heating pad or something well that works
too
just plug it in right there you're just
plugging in so Dallas came back to help
me with this TV mount and we're trying
to figure out where is the best place to
put it because I want it to be in this
corner you'll see what I'm going for
when we're done with it but I mean I
guess taken out of the box cuz the studs
are like right here and that's pretty
close to the corner here and here it's
got an articulating or not an
articulating but it's got like a arm to
it so we'll see huh
we got the bracket on the TV we figured
out the holes for the where's the arm
this thing right and now it's down to
like drilling and it's 10:30 none of the
kids just went to bed but do you know
what we're trying to stuff down our
enemy now we got it hung it's wrong
clearly you can see we have the use for
some cable management but that's
basically what we're after is to get the
screens all there I probably could have
used it to be a little lower I thought
it was a little bigger but that'll be
fine we'll put the iMac under it and
switch that screen there be sick
thanks for your help dude it's gonna be
awesome
you're gonna come over in life change
more yeah yeah we're in do live
streaming tomorrow on Twitch
everything's back up and running it's
trying to get back to normal except for
my bed it's it's a mess right now yeah
it's kind of nice to have the TV up
there I haven't had a wall-mounted TV
before it's kind of strange but and look
Veronica already washed these sheets
there we go she wasn't wasting no time
she's like I want to sleep on these
these are nice the sheets that are on
our bed now are only for a king so we
had to get California king-size sheets
so we're gonna put those on and get some
sleep I'm definitely tired so let's do
this let's do this again good morning
you're looking at slightly no extremely
energized chase who's had probably six
medium sized cups of coffee Eliza is
taking a nap Oh Irene
this is early morning just woke up
haven't taken a shower trying to get
things clean for the rest of the day
Veronica yeah and this is early morning
no school kids playing their iPods until
we make him do something and
constructive yeah unfortunately had to
wake up early it's now 11 o'clock I woke
up really early because the kids woke up
thinking they had school I turned my
alarm off Veronica didn't so it went off
woke the baby up the baby was up at 7
o'clock
Kirsten went in there and turned on the
light which then kept her up so she
wouldn't fall back to sleep so I had to
come downstairs and clean it so I got
all the dishes done the counters wiped
off and the studio poisonous flowers up
so the cat can't get them it's been good
so far it's been a good day so far we
have some things going on today like my
buddy Bob and Amanda if you remember
friends of ours a few months ago had a
baby I shot the photos for their wedding
you'll remember once you see him but
they're coming over tonight to bring us
dinner because we haven't seen them for
a while and they kind of want to hang
out with us so I gotta get ready for
that I gotta edit the video and I also
you saw me last night I hung this TV up
and I need to figure out exactly how I
want my gaming setup because tonight is
our Wednesday livestream and you know
I'm just trying to get everything back
on track you know and on schedule so I
want to get that set up before
livestream tonight and Bob actually is
going to join me so I thought that was
really cool so make sure if you guys
want to see us live tonight hop on over
to Twitch
check me out it's Gilroy Gaming twitch
TV for Sasha Gilroy gaming and we're
gonna play some games and try and have a
little bit of fun so yeah that's what
I'm up to I'm gonna get this all set up
I'll show you the new setup tomorrow and
it's gonna be it's gonna be pretty cool
I think I like what's happening here I
like what I see so thank you guys so
much for watching and as always I can't
wait to see all of you right back here
tomorrow
