what's up you guys I first want to start
off this video by saying we love and
appreciate so much every single one of
you guys it's been a really tough week
but all things must go on and so is the
life of a Gilroy we're still here and
we're so glad you join us
it's life as usual Carson has basketball
it's a holiday week Thanksgiving happens
on this Thursday yep
you ready for basketball are you serious
everyone how you doing I'm sure
everyone's miss to you yeah did you look
at that super pink jumpsuit it's
blinding Sun going down it's a 5:15 p.m.
we decided to start today's video a
little later and it gives some time
between posting yesterday's video the
tribute video which I'm sure you've seen
by now and like I said in the
description of that video that was the
toughest video I've ever had to put
together and you know just sorting
through all you guys's tweets and your
your comments and stuff and it's just so
overwhelming the amount of love and
support there really is out there for us
and I just I can't thank you guys enough
so it makes me so proud to do what I do
to know that there's so many of you out
there to support us no matter if we're
having the best day or if we're having
the absolute worst so thank you guys so
much for that and and truly does make me
proud
frapp Liza to do what we do we got to go
we got to go to basketball
I'm gonna Liza and we're going to the
grocery store
took the camera just so
could see me
and doing your pay it's gonna be hard
for a while
and
I might just burst into tears from time
to time
but it's okay it's part of the grieving
process and
I just want to thank all you guys for
your support in your prayers and your
comfort
it helps who's my wife is being cranky
huh warming
through the storm and holy
it's hard going back out in public after
something like this
but you got to do it you gotta keep
going we got to be there for our kids
for our babies and the boys of course
till wrapping the shopping trip up and
I'm gonna go by
home I'm gonna cook dinner so that way
once the boys and she get home
dinner will be ready and we're back
Branka got some groceries looks good
have something from breakfast toaster
strudels wise I had other plans the baby
rules everything we'd run formula just
before Veronica left for the store so
she kind of like had to go well
basketball was good
Parsons getting a lot better at
dribbling like he's a he's actually
running a little faster and dribbling he
has better control over so that's pretty
actually why was that basketball
practice someone rang the doorbell and
it was my buddy Bailey he stopped by to
bring some flowers and we missed him I
said don't leave those flowers there
dude just come back when we get home
from the store and basketball because I
want to you know I want to thank him in
person you can't just leave the flowers
I said come back I want to thank you in
person and we'll give them a big old hug
I'm trying to help Carson with his
homework
and look right here on the page it says
common core New York's Common Core
mathematics curriculum and there's a
huge debate right now about common 21
hold it is very confusing they have to
find five different ways to solve one
problem yeah I'm sitting here like I
feel dumb
I don't know how to help them with this
they're gonna have to teach me I know
the correct answer obviously you went
take 13-6 and you're gonna be left with
seven that's the correct answer but for
whatever reason they want you to come up
with all these things this strategy was
take from ten I don't understand how he
got make ten I think I think I should
probably learn some of this Common Core
math just like our house is filled with
all kinds of wonderful flowers that
people have gotten for us and Cathy got
us this little angel baby angel and this
is the ultrasound picture our last one
tough times guys you may think to
yourself Gill how are you possibly
vlogging now you have to think we took
an entire week off everything just shut
down and we just focused on each other
and we hashed out our feelings and we
came to terms with what's happening and
so you saw yesterday's upload was
basically a summation of what we went
through last week and clearly we had to
revisit that again today and it was
difficult it's always difficult and
it'll never be easy but the best thing
that we can do is just carry on where
Gilroy's we're the gladiators positive
at all times and we try to remain
positive
think happy thoughts for you guys as
well not only for us it's good for us
and all the comments in yesterday's
video and the tweets and everything it's
so warming to know that there's so many
of you guys out there that have our
backs a happy interruption to dinner
look at this beautiful flower flowers
are these lilies or orchid lilies yeah
my buddy Bailey
thank you so much for bringing in game I
appreciate that this one this is one of
the things I've been talking about today
actually was the outpouring of love and
support from everyone not even afar from
but from clothes right here at home yeah
and it means so much to you thank you
everyone's safety
everyone say thank you to Bailey big
thumbs up for Bailey Oh mommy mommy got
some cookies to make at the store a
little there they're ready to go these
but something for the kids to do most
are water cookies r2d2 awesome
r2d2 man no the hard part is waiting for
them to actually cook them with the nice
glass of milk after nice got some milk
wait
yeah that's what I meant okay eight to
ten minutes later only slightly larger
and flutter r2d2 cookies this is worth
it oh my gosh they fall right apart
they're still hot cookies milk
that makes you feel like a champion huh
cookies and milk mm-hmm your shirt glows
in the dark
hey this is awesome day one awesome day
one okay oh well in the dark that's all
you see it's awesome day one all right
we've had her cookies it's time for bed
: I'm sure everyone is missed when you
tell them good night so for the first
time in a while everyone good night oh
we're gonna head to bed
tomorrow's a very important day to
follow up doctor's appointment and we
want to take you guys along for that so
let me say right here while I go see
Brooke with you and
if only we could Blake Blake lands
because my pen I use my phone is my
alarm clock and if those of you who use
your iPhone is your alarm clock you know
that if you swipe it
it kills the alarm but if you just tap
it then you snooze it all right I keep
killing the alarm and falling back and
sing I'm making : something toaster
strudel what's quick I used to love that
strudel yeah it's one of those hectic
warnings we did hurry up and get him fed
breakfast
coffee's made and worthless stuff your
last day of school it's Thanksgiving
week so the kids only have school Monday
and Tuesday rare packet for what for how
to train your dragon Rosenberg we'll see
there's your boss $15 have a good day I
love you okay it's supposed to be $15.99
but it's 450
love you some things never change
good
it's always funny morning getting kids
ready for school baby flies this up look
she's he's up having her morning
cocktail
he said goodbye bye sweetheart
trend poor sock off I feel like with
this head up I look like young Anakin
Skywalker oh there's your bus get ready
for a super fun holiday week dude love
you off to school there's so much frost
on the ground and it reminds me of the
day we had the service for Cameron it
hadn't snowed yet at all and that day I
was out getting some things I was trying
to find the Chinese lantern but while I
was out it's snowed so hard I'm talking
complete whiteout everything was covered
the ground was covered and the
snowflakes were so big and perfectly
formed like where I was sitting at a
stoplight I remember seeing him hit the
windshield and they were perfect
snowflakes it was incredible to see I
felt like at that moment it was a sign
that someone was watching us and they
wanted to put on a show
it was a pretty show it really was I
thought I'd share that with you and we
fast forward to getting shower dressed
in the car we're almost at the doctor's
office the other day follow-up doctors
feel like this bastard
and see myself there and I'm like wait a
second this classic way to make a face
dude
you're being nice
are they too big I feel like they're too
big my favorite glasses I had was the
Ray Ban 52
classic wafers there's 52:55 and
something else I think it was the 52
but they're my favorite I felt like they
looked at me for the first time ever I
had glasses that look good on me and why
am I going off on a tangent about
sunglasses on our way to the doctor and
because this camera I can see myself up
here let me put that down no I'm not so
fast
look look who's game whether it's a man
who stopped by justice as as we were
getting ready to leave the house and
we're like come on with us what does
this appointment for one thing
physically from my perspective
physically I think you're gonna be just
fine
Oh baby we could do we could go get some
food after this daddy's hungry baby
sorry yeah is your hungry Minds up oh
you want the paper that's your favorite
thing
she was the paper
look at that instant satisfaction he's
so cute
doctor's appointment well you just
wanted to check on me make sure it was
doing okay and all that is clean and
emotionally and I am will get around he
also wanted to make sure that you know
it was using some form of birth control
and I said yes but as most of you know
that I was scheduled originally for the
hysterectomy but since that surgery was
put off and I had a pap since then it
came back normal so just awesome which
is awesome so we're gonna wait wait it
out and just have another pap if I get
three normal paps in a row then we don't
have to do the hysterectomy so
our other option for permanent birth
control is cutting me bow shelf space
cousin firm vasectomy hey me bow Joe
I don't want cut me bow though I'm even
about you'll still have your balls
wouldn't want cut my boat oh excuse me
like what happened I mean I'll do
anything surgery you asked me to because
of what you've been through seriously
I've had to watch it but like what
happens you lay on the circle einer with
a bag of frozen peas on your mat I mean
like after you're done with it and
you're like able to they pack you four
balls and not that I'm not worried about
that
hey Jeremy was feeling so
medicated he was
all right but listen that's not what I'm
worried about the surgery the healing
process not none of that I don't care
about what I care about is when it comes
time to climax what but you don't I
can't even see you you'd want to operate
the camera girl well I'm trying to drive
we don't have any soldiers my worry is
like what happened after the surgery so
they're still icing on the cake I'd
always imagined for free oh my god I'd
always imagined like a vasectomy like
you reach that point and it's just like
that'll be all this is a good day I
really enjoy canyon street
we're going over to Menards who I wanted
to pick something up for the for the
house I'll show you but we had to get
some food we're all starving
except Amanda cause she hates Cane's
chicken and she's like so we had to get
some food hmm
I'm excited for teens checking out of
know why it's like soul food for me what
this is Menards and if you've never
heard of minaj for its eye compared to
like a cross between Sam's Club and
Lowe's or Home Depot like a
home-improvement store they got
everything you can imagine here and we
were walking looking for what I'm after
today I've seen these fireplaces I was
just talking the other day about I want
a fireplace but put in an actual
fireplace in our house would be really
expensive and a lot of a lot of a lot of
hassle but these things are so cool
really
that's kind of extravagant no you think
go big or go home
it's cool I think this thing they're so
awesome and they work to me
aesthetically and functionally they
provide heat and they look cool look
this is kind of what it would look like
not real flames but I don't know I've
wanted one for a while and I think to
get one like these maybe maybe something
like that or like that I think that'd be
really cool christmas christmas is
coming honey you can get me one of these
for Christmas
would you
let's open knobs for why is there so
many knobs
and then the door accidentally comes
open and it's spraying an apple upon the
floor
we could use the nude yeah so I found
them looking for I it's a TV mount like
a wall mount for my small TV for my
gaming setup I wanted to kind of
rearrange things so I can I don't know I
just feel like I want to rearrange
things so I'm getting one of these
little 4 axis wall mounts and freshen
things up a bit I think it's gonna look
good all right so we got we need here
time for us to go back home and edit
edit upload oh so that's what we're
gonna leave you guys today right here in
Lancaster Ohio it was a good time thank
you all again so much for all your
thoughts and wishes Veronica and I
appreciate it so much
and Amanda she appreciates it too all
right guys that's we're gonna leave
before today thank you for coming back
and hanging out with us wait you got a
pulse
I got a pulse for the phone all right
guys that's what we're gonna leave
before today thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see all of
you right back here
