you
well Veronica's pregnant and I'm not
pranking
that little black top is the baby this
little white part right here another 12
inside back
we just a little little in there but
still cool see here the harp because I
just sound like a voyeur meet me 262
shoes
the ultrasound technician always hated
when we filmed in there and she told us
that we couldn't so I pretended to act
like I was taking a picture and she
wouldn't begin until I turned the camera
off and when I did that's when we found
out we first saw the baby picture come
upon on the screen and it was joyous to
see the baby silhouette but then the
technician said that she was very sorry
she couldn't
Purvi you can imagine finding out
something like that was very difficult
for us the days following were very very
hard
we had to tell kids what they didn't
understand for an ultrasound today
look baby right well the baby did not
work
no Neil de Marquis du Brey
Wow yeah baby
and so for the remainder of those that
week we dealt with our feelings and we
had to find a way to honor the baby in
the only way that we knew how and so we
had service with our closest friends and
family where I read a letter that I
wrote to the baby dear sweet baby for
nearly three months I knew you were
coming I knew we had another precious
fun will join the way to share share the
love our family has established having
your sister just nine months prior the
world was primed for your arrival and I
was ready to multiply my love for you
however that fateful day in that dark
room where we anticipated seeing your
precious little silhouette inside the
womb grown eager to meet you at six more
months we learned something terrible we
learned that your precious little heart
is no more
we cried for you there in that dark room
because we knew that you wouldn't want
them to see us then we wouldn't be
blessed enough to hold you to love you
the way you deserve the cry because we
loved you without ever having seen your
precious face
the doctor had scheduled surgeries bring
you out of that dark place and heal
mommy's body but you couldn't wait one
day later you decided to be free from
that place and you were afraid afraid to
let you go and afraid that it would be
the first and the last time we would
ever see you
and so in that hospital room moments
actually came to us as I helped your
lifeless little body
I wondered what would you look like
would you have become and what good
would you have accomplished for this
world and of course why but most of all
we look we may never know why but I know
now that you were meant to be in the
hands of God to watch over us as we live
out our days to guide me and mommy as we
struggled through having lost you our
precious little baby and so I find peace
knowing that until we meet again you
will know if all that love it is eternal
it is infinite and He will keep you safe
until I finally see your precious whole
thing you are forever in our hearts we
love you and we'll miss you
okay
we also wanted our closest friends and
family to be able to connect with the
baby also so we wanted them to be
involved in the celebration so we did a
balloon release or we got enough
balloons for everyone who came everyone
wrote a little message to the baby on
their balloon and the release that means
a heaven
you
you
and we want to say thank you all so much
for your prayers and your well wishes
you're not only our viewers our fans but
your friends and most importantly your
family so please help us honor the
memory of our baby by sharing this video
so that everyone across the world can
know the memory of our little baby boy
you
