what's up guys good beautiful beautiful
evening
I've just finished vacuuming all of our
carpeted surfaces the mattresses and
everything upstairs everything even the
couches in the chair the couches the
couch in the chair look this is what I
love about these couches let's get my
hand program sure I should just do
handprints all over the entire couch
it's like a pattern we're getting it
your hand washing stuff we've been doing
laundry sweeping vacuuming and cleaning
it means this whole thing like the the
headlights deal it's it's so disturbing
so like we went pretty overboard is
cleaning it needed to be done to be
honest so now we've caught ourselves
towards the evening and we need to
figure out what we're gonna do today to
make a fun video of course we had to
send the boys outside so we could get
all that cleaning done and I heard him
out here playing let's see what they're
into him what's up dudes
oh yeah let's see what you got shoot it
up there shoot it
oh yeah that's hard to bounce in the
gravel huh
please don't strike meteors by the
garage-door okay let me see it pass it
to me ya callin you'll never get there
oh we made it
nice I have a feeling I may have started
something shit huh huh that's close it's
really chilly it's actually got my
fingers cool so we've been sitting here
all of us right here thinking what are
we gonna do tonight we need to do
something alone and we're gonna try and
do a challenge we've decided we've I put
it out there on Twitter that I want you
guys to helps come up with a challenge
our first challenge to do with the kids
because they've told us that they want
to try and do a challenge isn't that
right son and this ends right time yeah
Carson has agreed to do the baby food
challenge but he only wants to use fruit
all right so if we go get some food and
go play for a little bit we come back
we're gonna film the baby food challenge
do we have a deal hmm Colin do we have a
deal yeah all right let's go eat and
play here we are boys good old steak and
shake it's been a while since you guys
came to us taking Chang huh
they do make the best milkshakes Emer
I don't know if you know of a better
place for milkshakes let me know but
it's taking shakes side-by-side look at
us rolling five deep and not before long
there's gonna be another we got a crew
we got a posse I'm wrong with that thank
you love so if you don't know I've never
been to a steak and chicken before it's
taken shakers like that classic fifties
diner feel like all the
service where like both eyes the white
shirts it's number one voted milkshake
number one voted milkshake by the Zagat
Survey
it's legit and Veronica used to work at
a stake in change
that's fun time that was back when I
still managed Chris's pizza
you guys have never been more
disappointed
at a restaurant four and seven this is
my first gun mount I get this every time
I come to save you
and it's like there's nothing there that
sides got to meet but that side is
barely toasted cold at this Fort Collins
grilled cheese
it isn't even melted I told my waitress
I was like I'm embarrassed at your
service
I was in the restaurant business for
seven years as a manager I know what
what should be expected as acceptable
levels of service and so the manager
comes to talk to me and he's like the
guy didn't even butter roll the bread he
didn't even touch the bread there's half
a sandwich here that one's not even
melted it's a simple grilled cheese his
excuse was
I'm sorry we're really short-staffed
tonight and I gave him the whole spiel
look I've done this for a long time no
matter how busy you are
the most important things to put out a
quality product because that's what's
going to keep people coming back
I don't usually rant about restaurants
or services that I have a bad experience
with but really they're picking out bibs
because we're gonna make them wear bibs
for the video but food Carson City only
wants fruit oh no sir I'm gonna get the
good stuff and this is gonna be funny
all right so Veronica took the boys away
so they don't know what we've got but I
got peaches Eliza pick peaches actually
corn and sweet potato sweet carrots I
got macaroni and beef with vegetables
pear pineapple and this one's actually
really
chicken and chicken broth already so
we've got all the stuff for our
challenge video and we're gonna go back
now to the house
well actually Veronica and the kids
we're gonna drop up at the house but the
thing with dinner just now I didn't eat
anything I ordered I was very very
disappointed with the way the manager
handled himself and so because of that
I'm going to the next closest taking
shape and I'm going to get my favorite
sandwich that I wanted that I should
have eaten there but it was so awful the
boys were passed out on the car you were
weren't you
you were both passed out we're just
seeing so I feel like we might have to
shoot our challenge video in the morning
let's try this again
now I haven't said anything to anybody
I'm just gonna walk in here order that
Frisco melt and show you guys what a
real sandwich is supposed to look like I
can't believe I'm like taking it this
far but I'm dead set on my Frisco boy
all right I got excited you doesn't look
so good
iron took a bite or two this is what a
Frisco singer should look like perfectly
toasted all the way around look at that
the meat fills the sandwich I mean
that's how first goes done mad props
reynoldsburg oh Pickerington this is the
Pickerington state cake come on thumbs
up to Kara portrait if you're watching
I'm so glad I went got that sandwich
persona and I don't I don't want to try
and put people on blast like that but I
feel very passionate about the food
industry because I spent so much time in
it it doesn't make sense for people to
slack off like that managers
because it makes not only you look bad
it makes the business look bad it makes
the product look bad and it shouldn't be
that way
like if you're a manager you need to you
need to be on top of your game all the
time I feel like I that was my job when
I was a manager I made sure that if any
customers never had a problem I took
care of it no questions asked that was
it that was a big part of why I like to
be in a manager's because I I was a
problem solver
and I just felt like like I didn't want
you guys in case none of you knew of
Steak and Shake I'm sure a lot of you do
but Steak and Shake is good it's good
food and I didn't I didn't want you guys
to be left with this impression like
staying staying in shape is crap no I'm
not getting paid to say this I just feel
really passionately about if you have a
good product and you have good people
that work for you the product speaks for
itself
in that case tonight where unfortunately
I took my family to eat it it was bad it
was bad so I had I felt like I had to
felt like I had to redeem staying shape
I do that for my home voice yeah what do
you do it
whoa oh my gosh
I like that I'd like to see that when I
come over each other that's fantastic
that means they love each other is the
same thing yes your bed all made what
that fluffy yeah you guys did good today
cleaned your room he's out he's not like
push I'm hoping cross your fingers for
me guys I'm hoping that our efforts
today and last night have eradicated the
pests from our home and our hair well
not my hair I don't think anything would
live up here with all that good morning
guys Veronica man the ball missed
breakfast burritos we should probably be
doing our challenge right about now this
morning it's like 10 o'clock already but
uh we we just can't win here
poor Carson came down at like 1:00
o'clock said he threw up in his room you
really really really threw up over the
side of his bed many proceeded to throw
up every 30 minutes thereafter so we're
gonna have to postpone the challenge
unfortunately until Carson belly feels
better because I feel like eating like
an eating challenge isn't the best idea
right now fun sucks because I was really
excited to do that and I don't think
that means we'll be going to Magic
Mountain today either how you feeling
buddy you feeling good yeah look this
was up this was bizarre game all night
you know that's serious when you got a
bucket beside you keep your hands washed
Romeo - yeah you got a you got the
license to be lazy today buddy I'm just
taking a shower and went out stairs and
found everyone like that just straight
bummed out on the couch I feel bad for
them man I hope that I'm not next on the
list of spending my time hanging over
the porcelain throne I do not enjoy
puking at all so cross your fingers for
me everyone's just kind of bummed out on
the couch and I think that's the perfect
opportunity for me to hop up here and
get some stuff done I'm going to work on
my legends of awesome website a little
bit the zombie video should be out next
week so look forward to that I'm excited
to see your comments on that video and
tonight is my twitch livestream so make
sure you guys come and join us at 5:00
p.m. Eastern Standard Time the links in
the description but it's twitch TV
forward slash Gilroy gaming and yeah I
think that's all I've got for you guys
today
I'll just set you down right over here
on and I humbly thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see all of
you right back here tomorrow
