what's up guys graeme just keeping the
kids tonight - all except for Liza yeah
so me and Veronica can you all together
I think that's fantastic
we do appreciate that granny yeah yeah
we appreciate you taking the kids yeah
taking the kids
if only Eliza was older no it's always
good to be with but I promise the three
musketeers that they had their weekend
together
Colin I just I just literally just
mopped this whole floor you picked that
up son and you eat over the table with
that cookie you hear me dad mode is
strong with me today I forgot to mention
also baby Eliza had a doctor's
appointment this morning to figure out
why she's been so irritable lately in
the vomiting and all that stuff so
Veronica one was determined at the
doctor's office he said that she has
thrush which is like a yeast infection
in the mouth hmm
and you got me some cream stuff for it
and said the vomiting that was on Monday
was probably from just a stomach bug
there was only that one flu so well she
doesn't look so affected now yeah that's
true so that's why she's been kind of
irritable explains a little bit of the
Monday and today a projectile vomiting
someone else comment to this she had
some other condition I forget what it
was called with the projectile vomiting
but that what you did comment was based
on disease that starts from birth and
Eliza just developed this
you know babies get sick all the time so
I'm surprised she's this old without
having her first anything mm-hmm
healthy baby yeah she's awesome she
comes from good stock
I know I know tchard her thank you very
much she's got my genes what are you
doing do yousee girl smacking your lips
yeah I'm gonna have to come over tonight
yeah J just got fallout 4 and I've heard
so much about it but I don't know much
about it so I think we should just go
check it out here silly so we're getting
ready to go
we got Liza dressed and she has little
tennis shoes everyone to help keep her
feet warmer in the cold weather and she
needs to start wearing shoes so she's
used to them well this is just the
funniest thing we put him on earth
launcher she's like where are you guys
like that looking good girl yeah stand
up stand up she's like I don't know how
to move my leg earlier to a double date
well tag along babe that's okay she's
pretty cute date
so I first stop on our date night is
going to be food Veronica leaves the
house she's gotta get some food in her
belly or else Shuzhen let's just say I'm
hangry
perfect she's angry
so where did you want to go tonight my
love italiana I like Olive Garden no
that sounds good
last time I went to Olive Garden I had
those they're like deep fried lasagna
bite super good honey right over there's
the Tim Hortons where I bought the dudes
coffee from my random acts of kindness
and I tell you that was so rewarding it
seems like it doesn't seem like much but
try it try it yourself when you go to
the drive-thru of Tim Hortons pay for
your meal and then like I don't know how
you would do it exactly oh you just say
I want to pay for the car behind me and
it's kind of a gamble because you don't
know what they've ordered you know you
could spend a little more than you want
to but just pull up and watch you don't
have to record it just pull up and watch
their reaction it's it really is a cool
experience to be able to see you know
their their face it's it's priceless
they're like oh my gosh someone actually
did something nice for me
it's rewarding trust me
we just watched the whole restaurant
hold together to bring in the entire
waiting room it's awesome cleaning the
restaurant business I know how hard that
is to overcome like a large wait two
huge parties but just fear doubts and
now they're getting on it right you're
getting honor oh yeah the beautiful
cheese that's good thank you
oh that's my favorite this is my
favorite appetizer here
it's like the color I think it's lasagna
free tests yeah
you've ever had it I don't dig that pork
in there oh we don't have plates we
don't have place to have more
breadsticks and salad I'm grown for they
never-ending possible yarny with chicken
bamadoro
I think I'll probably only make it to
different bowls you having a good dinner
Eliza just delivered this most gigantic
look that's bigger than my hand play
your pasta
how are you
she was just telling me that she's
perfectly spent
oh my sir yeah whoo back in the car all
buckled it's chilly out there hon Liza
it's quite windy to pass three days now
I mean super super windy the dinner was
fantastic what do you want to do next my
love jump
shop til you drop yeah that won't take
long
Wow well Veronica wants clothes shopping
but unfortunately she's pregnant and
none of the clothes that she buys right
now will fit her in a few months so she
has to get maternity which she gave away
all her maternity clothes from the
previous pregnancies I'm sorry there's
one more Gail that's hot that's super
hip and cool look at that big Christmas
tree this will be your first Christmas
ever
yeah your first Christmas sweetheart
we're gonna piggy stockings just know
since before I almost forgot it's like
her first Christmas in existence maybe
Liza's first Christmas well honey did
you find what you need oh my gosh she's
been quiet this whole time man turn the
camera and she starts yapping
did you find some stuff you like yeah
there's not very wide variety of
selection of pants yeah let's face it
and you're about to look at its 818 I'm
better on I'm just ready to fall asleep
I'm ready to some other stuff alright
let's go home you know it's like it's
ironic as parents now we we find great
joy and just being able to go home and
relax without the kids driving that's
crazy not that we don't like being
around our kids or anything but it's
always nice to have some peace and quiet
time you know we're gonna lies in bed
pop in a movie and that'll be our
that'll be our night Oh guys alright fun
exciting awesome date night as just
journey has just made an incredible turn
for the worse
Cathy calls us Grammy yeah involves us
as soon as we pull in the drive she
because everything was going great till
I saw Colin like it's his head and then
he hitched it again then he hitched to
mention it and so she checked him and
call
has contracted some head lice from
school I'm assuming and Kathy's an
expert because of her years of mother
'dom yeah and so now Colin is about to
get a haircut to get this stuff this box
of lice elimination this is this is just
insane it's just insane
I've never had an encounter with lice
before so this is all completely new to
me and to be honest a bit there seem to
have to go through but I figured I would
film it and show you guys and share this
with you because it could happen to you
keeping them well we're getting rid of
them right now but it Colin you brought
to get the most awesome
manly haircut you've ever had we're just
gonna we're gonna treat you first and
get rid of some of that hair what I've
I've determined through a little bit of
research on Google and WebMD and all
that kind of stuff is that lice can not
live more than 24 to 36 hours off of the
host which is the human head it needs
the blood and it needs the heat to
survive so everything you can't launder
and they say even if you don't wash
everything which we we are going to you
can throw in the dryer and at least dry
it on high heat for up to 20 minutes 20
minutes to be safe so we're gonna take
all the stuffed animals we're gonna dry
them for up to 20 minutes
I'm going to spray their beds both of
their beds with this chemical
and they can't sleep on their beds
tonight obviously but then tomorrow
morning I'll vacuum everything vacuum
vacuum vacuum everything and hopefully
we can we can be rid of this situation
mm-hmm
I still need the trim yeah you should
definitely do that so this is the post
the post shampoo and haircut assessment
to see if he's got anything left in
there and they're not seeing anything so
that's good yeah I sprayed both their
beds and our bed yeah
Veronica being pregnant she cannot be
around those chemicals looks like she's
sleeping on the couch fast forward to
the morning good morning the battle
continues look where we can't talk last
night we had to make the boys bed on the
floor we all had like a slumber party in
the living room last night the boys
slept there from his time on the couch I
slept there clearly Veronica couldn't
sleep in bed because of the chemicals
and she's pregnant so we put all their
stuffed animals they're still drying
stuff watching stuff this is such a
nightmare you guys
it's not bullies it's freaking head lice
sick babies it's always something you
know but in life you can't look at
what's happening to you and and feel
down about it you just what really
matters is how you handle those
situations so we're tackling this like
we tackle everything else it was an
optimistic attitude positive outlook and
of course strawberries and yogurt yeah
that's how you get through it
strawberries and yogurt boom it's
actually chilly outside so what I'm
gonna do now is I guess vacuum the beds
vacuum my bed vacuum everything vacuum
vacuum let this stuff air out I think as
far as the packaging and directions go
that's all this left to do now I will
have to go and get some more of that
spray so that I can do like the couch in
the chair and then wait till that dries
in vacuum that but other than that we
have to wait 10 days because that's the
incubation period of the nits so 10 days
later we have to do we have to kind of
do this again all right guys so I'm
freshly showered and about to get ready
to finish the rest of this stuff I'm not
sure what we're gonna get into today but
I want to do some fun with the kids
especially since they had you know to
deal with that situation yesterday and
we're limited in what we can do until I
think 36 hours passes so um as always
thank you guys for hanging in there and
watching till the end of these videos
make sure you leave a thumbs up if you
made it till the end or thank you guys
so much for watching and I can't wait to
see each and every one of you right back
here tomorrow
