what's happening guys welcome to another
day in the life of a Gilroy we are kind
of trapped inside today we need to find
stuff to do inside because it's it's
just one of those days out there I mean
look at it it's super cloudy very dark
very windy and equally it's chilly what
do we do Carson games Funyuns I don't
know what to see when Colin gets home
we did get some mail though we did get
some mail though where'd you leave this
in a car for I hope it's still good I
don't have to eat it right now
I left my sushi alright guys so it's
time to install some stuff last year
over the winter I felt like it was
always cold in here even though the
temperature is said it like 75 I tend to
keep it kind of warm in here but how
cool would it be if we were outside
playing in the snow and I was like BRR I
want it nice and toasty when I get
inside I pulled out my phone I could set
my heat up from my phone well the folks
and the creators of the sensi Wi-Fi
thermostat hooked me up with a model to
install and I also have a little special
offer for you guys
look it says it's universally compatible
with most heating and air-conditioning
systems and it's very easy to install
in fact the app that you download to
actually use the Wi-Fi functions shows
you step-by-step how to install
let's get this thing and let's get this
thing installed okay so it says we first
have to turn off the power to the
heating and air conditioning which kind
of makes sense
boom yeah 6 & 8 well take a photo of my
wiring pic terminals that have wires
connected all right so I went ahead and
labeled the wires they actually include
labels for you to use which is actually
pretty convenient the next step is
taking off the base and install the new
base connect the new wires to the
matching labels remove battery tag and
attach faceplate and then we actually
get to power it on that's easy
now we set up the Wi-Fi I can't show you
the top of my phone because it shows my
actual my actual location but here's how
the app works so basically I got
everything synced up and it's really
super easy it's very easy to operate you
just set your temperature looks like I
want it to 78 this will change to 78
though and say I want to change it down
to 67 degrees it'll go to 67 boom very
very easy and if I did work like a
regular nine-to-five job there's
schedules so if I during the week I
could change this down to when I leave
for work so that I'm not wasting energy
and on the weekends I could have it stay
you know if I was home I could have
stayed a surf into certain temperatures
so I'm nice and cozy and if I'm away I
could make the temperature lower so I'm
not wasting energy very cool so if
you're interested in getting a really
sweet Wi-Fi thermostat like I've got now
the folks at cincy gave us a code and
we'll put it down in the description
below go visit the website put that code
in to get yourself a little bit off your
very own Wi-Fi thermostat I'd say you
like them bananas bananas hmm
she's hungry and sleepy hmm I got from
home-improvement installations to banana
baby mouth installations mm-hmm all
right honey I'm leaving you I'm really
doing it we're not doing it alone you
got Amanda I know yeah I'm sorry I guys
you guys
Veronica's is actually going to get the
supplies later you doesn't want me
anymore you can explain it on the way
okay I'll explain it okay we need a
basket who's already rivets who's ready
Amanda I'm super ready you ready ready
okay we've got a special surprise for
you
we're starting something new fresh and
new
and it's gonna be awesome right now we
are in probably both of our favorite
store ever
good old Hobby Lobby getting some stuff
for some crafts some sconces we're not
here for sconces today Amanda that is
really awesome in your bathroom your
bathrooms that big think of the whole
thing you've just got these little
branches in the floral department and
they are still 50% off I think that
would work yeah well so we got Oh
where's these those are cool how much is
done $4.99 $4.99 that's the one we did
it okay let's keep moving
what else do we need
in March 5 mod podge my modpodge much
much to the flour so we need a specific
type of like brush to put these on and
it's like these sponge brushes right so
I'm looking for just a package of those
a few of them well I found them but it's
only a Super Value pack that you can get
of them look I don't need that many
brushes
maybe was drinking on the job
I think we got everything we need a
balloon I don't have a balloon you've
got Christmas stuff from days blends we
found him huh all right
balloons we got everything looks good I
got it yeah
people look at funding on you're holding
the camera in their face talking to it
it's revolving it's a revolving also
leaving which are pretty sick by the way
oh yeah yeah you should try them well I
have some bad news Amanda didn't make it
out alive she didn't make it out alive
from the crap store yeah we get lost in
that place I'm in a war zone here
incredible are you ready to to fill oh
is the time to film we're filming
tonight yeah we're coming tonight he's
like honey I really want you to do this
well let's do it what are you waiting
for all right cameras set up and our
first take our first try was a fail the
fake leaves that we looked so hard for
do not work they don't work I had to
take the dog out for one second and you
bet
sorry I so we gotta go outside of the
flashlight and find some weeks some real
Leafs and see if that makes the
difference
we got another blooper video people oh
good these girls probably should have
like made one first so they knew what
they're doing but seriously though it's
time for the interest as if the actual
meat of their comp video that we're
making wasn't funny enough or hard
enough to get through it's not now the
intros which you know is it's
notoriously the funniest part oh really
all right first time for the vlog you're
rolling we have seen claps in hit it no
I can put overlays up there yeah just
straight up
hey town down I would say fall is here
and it's time to make some really cool
do-it-yourself fall decorations today
we're going to show you two super easy
and cheap decorations that you can make
it home and use them as gifts for your
friends and family
let's get doing okay fall is here camera
camera nothing you have to start over I
told you
all right for real this time
I'm sorry sweat okay okay so fall is
here we are gonna show you how to make
super easy cheap fall decorations here's
how we did it was that you're only
speaking part oh come on be nozzle why
can't we just
it's like telling a story you don't
start telling a story right in the
middle without any pretense all right
for real no no okay that's a wrap
thank you guys finally got through it
how hard was it man to be honest so
making YouTube videos isn't as easy as
you think
yeah it was the classic intro outro
blablabla veronika didn't really give me
the one thing like you did in the show
yeah yeah that one but there was some
super funny stuff oh my gosh I was
trying to teach them to like it's okay
if you keep fumbling over everything
because this is good practice it's good
for you to recognize you know
how to deliver your lines and how to you
know be comfortable with doing that on
camera it's not easy it really isn't
well that was fun right I mean you're
just now mixing up with the mashed
potatoes for dude yep it's pork roast
with sauerkraut she's a big fan of pork
and sauerkraut has got some food too so
now we're fed it's time for bed
don't know where at the bus it's Friday
dude yeah enjoy your Friday okay love
you
hey have a happy Friday that'd be a bob
like alright guys so we've made it to
the end of yet another day it was a lot
of fun last night trying to get Amanda
and Veronica to complete their crafts
video I will let them decide whether or
not they're gonna post it
I'll put it together and then if you see
it that means they liked it if you don't
you'll see us reshoot it again I'm sure
also I want to touch really quickly on
the conversation I had in the car
yesterday morning when I dropped calling
off to the bus that particular
conversation was only part of our
bullying conversation with him he has
handled it the correct way notified the
teacher the teacher sat and down they
had a conversation and the girls agreed
not to not to pick on him anymore I've
told him what to do he did it big props
to call and problem solved for now we'll
check in with him when he gets home from
school today but tonight we're gonna
take Veronica out on a date wherever she
wants to go whatever she wants to do is
completely up to here we've got
babysitters for the kids so I'm pretty
excited for that it's been it's actually
been a little while since we went on a
date all right guys that's where my
leaving for today as always thank you so
much for watching and I want you to
always remember
spread love not he will see you guys
right back here
