what's up guys welcome happy beautiful
day to you wherever you are in the world
thanks for joining us look at what EKKO
is doing right now what are you doing in
there huh just like popping in a box
stay you're too cute echo see Liza hi
baby
how you feeling oh is that good or bad I
don't know oh she's petting puppy and
how are you honey
Veronica's been busy vacuuming and
sweeping doing laundry full-time job
keeping this house afloat I'm getting
ready to start my process of getting
everything set up for the live stream
I'm trying to recreate some different
like images for underneath the channel I
don't know this is all technical stuff
that you probably don't care about it
unless you watch my twitch then you do
and you'll see what I've done
so fast-forward a couple hours into
actually the middle of our live stream
Dallas is finally here took forever
fashionably late
pizza was cold everyone's like given
Sara grief about being the hot girl in
the background when I was asking like
how does how does that make you feel you
know defending she said it's offending
so don't call Sara huh don't call Sara
the hot girl because her name is Erin
she's got feelings guys come on oh there
it is everyone's everyone's uh look we
got a hundred hundred live viewers we
had like 140 at some point but I can't
have block look that's our subscribers
right there with the gladiator badges
fan-freaking-tastic that's it Sarah from
Subway
no no fun Sarah from Subway
dude Alex from Target Sarah from Subway
Sarah you're about to be famous well I
ate food up here at this dream Dallas
and Sarah joined us and it was fun who's
fun now I need to go downstairs and take
care of take care of the baby Veronica's
probably had quite enough and the kids
being way loud Carson's actually playing
minecraft in real life but the swords
what do you do hi big girl
Veronica trying to watch Survivor like
poor thing that's one thing one of the
finer points of their life is to watch
Survivor her favorite show in a whole
wide world oh my god is like kids and
dogs and Dallas's and kids mom we'll
just started to pick up Kane on the Liza
crawled straight to our like Oh mom
all's here mommy on duty it's that
late-night cover raid I'm going for
these guys right here these little tasty
little treats he's got a super good hey
good morning bud how'd you sleep
oh yeah nice how'd you sleep good you
woke up next to me at the bus stop first
bus stop in the morning and Collins Ben
he came home Priam say yesterday about a
girl on the bus what's the deal with the
girl the girl yeah really and when did
this start happening you said it was
because because
last year we were friends like really
close friends for like two years when
you got to third grade I'm his brother
cousin there's a bunch of her family
that's that is close to that's riding
the same bus yeah they read the same bus
I told him what's happening is she's
just trying to show off in front of her
family and in all reality usually when a
girl acts like that it's because she
likes you
yeah
so it could be because she likes you
dude well I know it's a complicated it's
a complicated concept but you'll see in
time just ignore her that's the best
thing you can do and she'll either
if you ignore a woman show either leave
you alone or she'll like really reveal
her true feelings yeah just give it time
buddy I promise it'll be okay okay
there's this bus we'll have a good day
dude I love you hey no really
I love you don't worry about them haters
Oh adult talks with children we should
make that a series on this channel we
should take the boys and sit him down
have adult conversations with the
children so we kind of had to skip
forward to getting Carson on the bus I
kind of had to visit the loo and we took
showers and everything you got baby
Lords are ready we're getting ready to
go to town because veronica has another
pregnancy appointment so we're gonna go
to the doctor and I'm gonna give her the
checkup and is there an ultrasound maybe
maybe not be an ultrasound I don't know
we'll see but I don't think there is at
this point they've already checked you
know they can see the baby inside there
everything's pretty much on a set course
for nine months
you ready you got a little you know
captain in you veronica has to eat these
little snacks throughout the day to keep
her belly and check special and driving
otherwise she might get homesick
don't worry honey you can always snack
on these nuts
there's nothing there yeah
no but seriously though look at this
weather today it's like Black Death back
there
partly sunny up here
mostly clear over that way that's Ohio
for you man very very windy
very windy oh my you know what it's
probably good day to try and pull out
the kite my big stunt kite that we got
at the beach and caught calling I want
to not a stunt kite but maybe pull up
the ice today if it stays windy yeah
hands down best way to keep the baby
occupied at the doctor's office meeting
them paper Eliza you did you do paper
you move she's starting to turn on us
she's like not happy good she usually
drinks a whole bottle
seven ounces at least in the morning
today she had to split it up she didn't
want to drink the whole thing at once
she wanted to split it up maybe it's
cheating
ready I told Brian S&I things because
the reason she puked in the car too many
times because Ronald was driving like a
crazy person I felt nauseous on the way
here she had the Jeep on two wheels so
we didn't hear the heart rate because
it's too small for Sue's a machine for
the Doppler yeah yeah but uh I mean you
checked her since it's like it's normal
stuff at this point for us to be through
the baby doctors yeah yeah you just come
in he plays with your wife's bottom and
then you leave it's like that's what
happens this is one of those days where
you like
chillax limiter cuddled up blanket from
the fireplace watch a movie with a nice
hot cup of coffee
she's gonna say though you wish we had a
fireplace I want a fireplace so bad
maybe not even a real fireplace even a
completely gas fireplace would do
I run of the school I guess I saw him we
got that Sam's Club membership I saw
these I don't even know from there
they're not real playing
they're like illusion flame
but it's like a heater but it looks like
a fireplace thing is electric it just
looks like flames and stuff just kind of
but yeah I want a fireplace man this is
perfect day just sitting just relax in
front of my fireplace
it sounds like at home I'm not gonna go
back out sure yeah let's go grocery
shopping
shopping
did you take your sock off little girl
what'd you do that for you're gonna get
cold feet we're come to the store every
grocery shopping usually we try and make
like no that's gonna be a lot the ideal
thing to do is go grocery shopping maybe
twice a month get all the stuff you need
to stock your pantry in your fridge and
be done with it but Veronica yeah you
I'm saying you yeah yeah you need to
have a plan when you come in the grocery
store or else you're gonna be back
tomorrow
you forgot stuff
I just had to double back and get some
my favorite bagels that everything
bagels it doesn't matter what brand
really they all pretty much tastes the
same I think
but everything bagels with chive and
onion cream cheese whole that with a
nice cup of coffee it's a good start
right there I forget exactly who it was
that mentioned this to me but I was told
by one of you guys that honey from
Scotland that have to try the original
most delicious shortbread made right in
his hometown so I'm picking up some of
these walkers to try them out shortbread
what do you even eat it with beautifully
we're either
it's more efficient
No
you guys see what I have to deal with
when I take him out in public
Oh
geez for not having a plan we sure got
some stuff didn't we
oh you gonna help put all that away Liza
I'll let you oh wow well I guess we got
some groceries to put away we're gonna
get all this stuff done clean up a
little bit and we'll pick it back up
right here same place in tomorrow's
video as always thank you guys so much
for watching that's where we're gonna
leave you for today and yeah baby
progress good baby Liza no more vomiting
other than the wind outside it's a
wonderful day thank you guys so much for
watching and we can't wait to see all of
you right back here tomorrow
