hey guys how are you good day to you
we're getting ready to see my mom Dallas
hasn't seen her yet since surgery
Dallas has his own issues clearly and my
little baby girl was puking earlier oh
don't want to deal with that
oh poor sweetheart they're too cute to
be sick
she hasn't puked again though well you
can't just not feed her stomach rest for
a few hours do something small well
here's what we're gonna do
here's I'm gonna do I'm gonna I'm gonna
stop by loads on my way home and get a
tie back suit so that way if I'm holding
her and she pukes you know just be on
this like bye okay I see are you drunk
are you drunk dude Oh Oh we'll be back
I'll be back and I'll just hold her in
the chair for the rest tonight that's
what I'll do I'll just hold that poor
little baby
Carson's trying to build Legos my house
isn't messing in we had the party of us
clean two days we got to make a stop to
stalk on Dallas girlfriend in here Peter
haha look there she isn't her natural
habitat Wow look at this oh you do wear
gloves nice
what's with the myth that the 12 inch
long sub is only 11 inches what's the
deal with that
oh you stretch the bread oh he's
stretched right I didn't know that was a
thing I better be the best-looking
sandwich ever
for real dough
chicken bacon what is this the chicken
bacon no well that's chicken and bacon
look at her flair look she's got flair
people on top of her hat with a Sarah
manager badge I didn't I didn't know you
were rolling that deep good for you dude
it was pretty cool of Sarah to make me
the best look at Subway sandwich I ever
had a girlfriend who works in business
right subway oh this thing sandwiches
see images look at this it's 5 o'clock
and it's almost it's like nighttime
almost the camera makes it look a little
brighter but
so we're on our way to my mom's we have
a life's little surprise Wars and
flowers and I actually got her some Ritz
crackers because she wanted Ritz
crackers and spray oh we didn't get this
right we gotta stuff and get spread so
she should be pretty happy and with all
my running around today I still I'm
getting pretty bad with this and we need
to put we need to put Gail Ryan check
because I haven't edited the vlog yet
I'm gonna do that when we get over here
but I can't upload it till I get home
because if I start over here it's gonna
take like two hours from
don't worry I'll get it I'll get it up
for you guys it's all blurry
you broke it peep what's teeth
gotta love grandma grandma's here making
sure mom's okay my brother she asked me
that Ritz crackers sprite and some
flowers so let's go make mom feel good
look mom's got everything she needs now
she got Ritz crackers and some sodas of
flowers how you doing mom you realize I
was here last night and and I filmed you
while you're sleeping oh yeah yeah and
you were snoring - it's not dead anymore
okay that's good I'm sorry yeah you can
move it there you go
yeah well poor mom poor mom is gonna be
stuck in this position for a couple days
for a while shooter elbow fixed all the
stuff taken out what the tendons
repaired yeah so I mean again thumbs up
for momma bear for being so brave
going through these surgeries to fix her
arm that's why you're a mom because you
can handle it look this dog is watching
grandma knit okay crochet pretty she's
making this this is gonna be a big
blanket huh yep another Afghan called
the Nancy
we'll get that grandma's crocheting is
impeccable good like your flight though
see have you made those huh she's a
beast
everyone place your orders for a hand
crocheted blanket from Grandma should
make it look love I promise you may only
take two years but it'll be the coolest
blankie ever hands on how big you are I
know you'd all these orders for
crocheted blankets from Grandma you busy
Veronica just texted me she's like I I
can't even make dinner so we have to go
mom ha ha we have to go I have to help
her get there made my kids oh that was
for all you guys I'm gonna give you
kisses your grandkids oh that's so guys
I love you too
I love you mom I'm glad your hand is
alive I guess at least she does it all
the little sausages have a long little
fella I'd help Del's carrying his
laundry
look at me I'm carrying in my little
brother's laundry because he's all broke
oh boy I got home just in time to catch
Veronica make something different what
you got on the menu they love breeders
chicken
we can see where this is going there's
clearly chicken strips in egg wash with
Doritos all crumbled up and panko
breadcrumbs so it's like yeah this is
right up my alley
Dorito crusted chicken Liza
get that bag Liza what are you dealing
Oh Oh careful
are you feeling better hmm with her
feeling better sweetheart you got some
minecraft cardboard stuff this will be
evil Eliza's first actual first official
time being sick she's never been sick
before
Collin my good day buddy
love you yeah beautiful morning
look how foggy it is it's crazy we got
the kids up it was pretty clear and it
was like an hour it took an hour for
everything to completely fog over it was
really weird to see it clear when we
woke up and then shortly after it began
to get really foggy so it's interesting
I'm happy to announce that baby Liza
hasn't gotten sick again
mommy girl she's checking out this
little book I just read her in these
little puppet books put your finger in
okay that's cool huh a little bunny book
yeah she was very very very very cranky
last night though I swear to rock her
and rock her and rock her and rocker
she didn't Jesus someone falsely but
once she did boy she looks like she's
perfectly normal
alright Carson I love you have a good
day see you after school
I'm literally eating these eggs as fast
as I can cook them put my hot sauce on
there it's delicious good powerful
protein packed little bits in my mouth
how's your eggs
they're good you trying with your fork
what's funny as we lay the baby down to
take a nap and the fire sirens go off
the dogs outside barking you just can't
win with kids the kids need to be able
to sleep by themselves with noise
she should be fine though um so
unfortunately guys today that is where
I'm going to leave you I think today's
video might be a little short but we
need to catch up with my schedule I've
been running around like crazy trying to
get a bunch of stuff done mom's at the
hospital babies
hopefully not sick anymore so I'm going
to get ready for tonight's livestream
and trying to update my offline images
and my profile picture for that twitch
channel if you'd like to see more of me
today make sure you join me on my twitch
channel it's twitch TV forward slash
Gilroy gaming we'll be live-streaming
tonight at 5 p.m. Eastern and actually
Dallas is gonna come to I believe the
game will be playing is black ops 3 I
want to get honed in on that zombies
mode the new zombies mode is pretty sick
and it's very very difficult so join us
for that make sure you join us for that
alright guys with that being said that's
exactly where I'm going to leave before
today I want to say thank you so much
for always coming and making it to the
end of this video if you if you did make
it to the end of today's vlog
hit that thumbs up button for me I'm
truly honored that you stay and watch
all my videos so I do appreciate that
alright guys that's all I've got for
today I'll see all of you right back
here tomorrow
