what's up guys
I think the respirator and the goggles
might been a bit much but check this out
so I've been down here for a couple
hours cleaning it definitely smells like
bleach but I've gotten a lot of stuff
done one of which being this corner if
you remember this was all black and I've
scrubbed and scrubbed and scrubbed that
and it's the best I can get it how's
your day how you doing by the way I've
gotten everything moved around I need to
get this out of here but it's it's much
too heavy for me to take up by myself
I've been waiting on my brother Dallas
to show up but as you know he hurt his
ankle so he went to get that checked out
and I don't think he'll be able to make
it so I gotta wait for someone else
maybe PJs you know come and help me but
I will say I got this stuff I was told
it's the best at getting rid of the mold
however I sprayed it I sprayed a lot of
it on that stuff and it did nothing so
what worked what actually worked was
bleach good old fashioned Clorox bleach
and I'm staying my distance because it's
pretty it's pretty strong down there I
got the windows open and everything but
where I'm at now is that is stained and
it's definitely ruined some of the this
is kills all this white stuff that's a
that's a product called kills that is
supposed to keep moisture off the walls
but clearly it didn't and I can't say
it's it's the kills failing it was the
cracks and the walls from the foundation
moving
I need a wire brush to finish getting
all the loose stuff off so that I can
after that dries I can put my dry lock
on it and hopefully will be completely
resolved after that
but one of my last chores to complete
down here for today I need all these
spots where I've cleaned all the bleach
and all that stuff to completely dry
before I can use the dry LOC stuff so so
there's one more thing that I can do
today and that is changing out the
filters so here's the old filter I hope
this isn't too disgusting I'll just move
that bad that's a dirty filter I think
that's been in there I changed this at
the beginning of summer so that's that's
like three months or so worth of nasty
air look at that man thank God for a air
filter holy cow this one's a 1500 not
sure what that number means but I I
looked specifically to cover mold spores
so I'm just gonna plug this one in and
I'm gonna take a shower so I can go get
the rest of my day done I'm getting
ready to go see my mom you guys remember
if you're a long time here
my mom had a elbow surgery a little
while ago they put in some hardware and
then she had to go back today to get
that assessed and then reworked on and
it was either they were gonna take out
the hardware and if everything looked
good they're gonna put her back together
that way and the other way was if the
bone didn't heal properly then they were
going to completely replace the radial
head in her arm so thankfully they
didn't do the latter and they just took
out most of the hardware all except for
one screw because it would have done
more damage I guess but I am going to go
and see my mama Veronica and the kids
are away I sent them away so we didn't
you know mess with their sinuses with
all the mold cleaning and stuff but
they're way amanda's and I'm gonna go
see how my mom
doing poor mama bears hurt with their
wings again you guys thumbs up for Mama
make sure she sees it tomorrow she'll be
up on her I don't looking at media's and
stuff
give mama bear some love in the comments
so I'm getting ready to leave my mom's
house poor thing she's so out of it
tired sleepy and we really want them
with her that much but look how ironic
it is I finished the the downspouts
today it is currently raining you like
fine
well guys unfortunately I drained most
of my day downstairs in the basement and
just sent brown after that so it's time
to do one of these huh it's one of those
we all woke up late in the morning
trying to get to the bus before we miss
it someone get those shoes I'm calling
you my cou your bookbag let's go you you
crack your eyes in the morning you see
that it's lighter than it normally is
when you wake up and then you have that
moment of panic where you throw the
covers off and you're like oh crap yeah
high five dude because we made the bus
high five
three high five three high five for high
five I'm just kidding all right get out
there have a good day love you
seedot
all right there's the bussy hey Carson
what you have a lovely day at school
okay have fun love you
adios amigos see you later okay so I
figured out what we're gonna do this
morning
Veronica actually has I don't know where
it came from but she wants to start
making these videos for the holidays
about creating crafts one for fall decor
or fun craft ideas you can do to
decorate for fall and she's actually
planning some like Christmas style gift
videos that you can make to give to your
friends and family so I'm just gonna let
her go with it she's gonna take the baby
and go get supplies and stuff and we're
gonna start plotting those videos I'm
actually working with a company called
kind they make these fruit and nut bars
and this in this YouTube video is by no
means endorsed to pay for whatever but
I'm working with them collaborating with
them on an Instagram photo and it
requires me to go out and capture people
performing acts of kindness random acts
of kindness and lucky for me in our area
people will do nice stuff for other
people all the time and even if I can't
catch it I can still help create the
conditions for someone to do nice things
for someone else for instance I wrote
down a couple notes and we're gonna go
in the town and we're gonna try and you
know brighten people's days by doing
some kind acts and you guys are coming
with me
so shall we oh yeah I actually had to
stop a bank a my mortgage I'm kind of
hungry
which leads me to my first idea for my
first act of kindness the traditional
pay forward five person in line behind
you whatever they're getting so let's
see how that goes perfect I've been
waiting for someone to pull in finally
someone's pulling in and go inside so it
looks like dude by himself he's gonna
have some lunch or something maybe just
a coffee I'm gonna make sure to get in
line right before he does so I can pay
for his stuff so I just met a guy named
Kirk who stopped in for only an iced tea
but I took a picture with him and he was
very grateful it's funny how people try
to deny you to like pay for something
for them that's kind of a I don't know
if you try to pay for something for
someone I feel like it comes off as you
know they don't need your help so let's
try an act of kindness that requires no
money at all all right so my one the
busiest place is on the block and I've
got an umbrella raining outside I think
you know where I'm going with this so I
was lucky enough to catch a mom and her
daughter and the baby and brought him
outside with the umbrella so the baby
didn't get wet that feels good that
feels good right there it feels good
bye take care I've got another idea
for for a kind act but
it would require me to have kind of an
accomplice and the perfect person right
now is Dallas because as you know he
messed up his ankle and he went to the
doctor yesterday and they needed to give
him like a soft cast or a wrap or
something and crutches so I need to go
pick up Dallas for this one look at you
man I remember when I started in an
apartment like this yeah nice and small
actually exactly like this pretty much
it's a townhouse you know the first
apartment is the townhouse it's this
room and the bedroom upstairs in a
bathroom and that's it but yo nice couch
bro good starter couch you got a nice
little gaming center there with the
old-school NES yeah nice dude
yes sir Dallas is my next rebuttal so
Dallas is my next random act of kindness
because he's on crutches I was like how
am I gonna capture someone just opening
the door I think this is such a subtle
act of kindness that people often just
disregard opening the door for somebody
is actually really sweet and generous so
who wouldn't open the door for a guy in
crutches oh that was it that was it bro
Darren nice guy thanks dude so autozone
notorious for guys coming in and out for
parts for their cars and stuff we just
found a nice young gentleman by the name
of Darren who held the door for Dallas
and was kind enough to let us take a
picture with me so that's cool you've
done some kind acts today
well you helped with one but
we we paid for a dude's drink at at Tim
Hortons
we helped mom and her daughter and the
baby out to their car what was raining
with the umbrella and we caught a guy a
guy who actually held the door for
Dallas and that's that's some random
acts of kindness today I feel good about
it yeah yeah mom actually called him
said she would really love some Ritz
crackers and some sprite because she
can't go anywhere obviously so we're
gonna head down to this little grocery
store here and get mom some crackers and
some sprite but I thought another cool
act of kindness would be to take her
some flowers you know that always makes
you feel good when you're when you're
down and out there's the idea that
someone's thinking enough about you to
get your flowers in the car I think
that's pretty kind too so let's just
keep the ball rolling what do you say
now yeah Dallas taking full advantage
nice here well I'm here you hold these
okay since you're a designated driver
there all we need now is just sprite
dude sprite oh it's a band-aid
get it off Dallas get it off get it off
get it ah you know it's a band-aid
step on it step on it step on it step on
it it's a band-aid Oh cleaning time
you're cleaning your vacuum in the saga
hey big boy
you got what skin C skin seed Oh a
Minecraft thing you see Veronica called
me a little bit ago told me that poor
Eliza had a malfunction with her belly
Liza what's the matter girl what two
matter is that what puke means Nana she
said baby Liza projectile vomited in the
back multiple times that's not good
that's not good maybe it was okay well I
think we've run pretty much into as
close to the evening that I'd like to be
for today's video
we've had a lot of fun today went out
and did some acts of kindness that that
felt really good actually felt pretty
good and Veronica's gonna start making
dinner I have to go to my mom still so I
think this is where we're gonna leave
you guys for today and we'll pick up
pretty much exactly right here
and go to my mom with Dallas and and
yeah that's that so yeah that's all I
got for you guys today thank you so much
for watching and I can't wait to see all
of you right back here
