what's up you guys good morning good
afternoon good evening depending on what
time you're joining us it's time for a
little story two years ago our basement
flooded because the sump pump failed it
was a really rainy day and our sump pump
failed and we came downstairs to
discover about three to four inches of
water standing water in our basement
that was a major introduction of water
into this cold or cool damp space since
then we we haven't had any extra water
down here but there are some structural
issues that have led to this mess here
in the corner so you can see on the wall
we've got some cracks and the cinder
blocks all the way down this goes to
both sides okay and now we have moisture
in there which has resulted in the
growth of what looks to me to be black
mold that's been there for a long time
and we've constantly sprayed it and
sprayed and sprayed it with bleach but
it's been it's been a while as you can
tell and I feel like that back there is
the reason why I keep having these
respiratory infections and not only that
corner there but over here by the sump
pump there's also some mold growing this
leads me to another investigation point
that I've discovered let's go outside
the reason this is the corner by the
sump pump in the basement this downspout
improperly places the water into this
piping so the water goes straight down
the foundation I'm assuming that's that
Corner's reason for having that
introduction of water so on this side of
the house we have a gutter that comes
all the way from the top of the house
straight here to nothing so the water
literally fills this concrete pad and it
doesn't go anywhere it goes nowhere
so I've recognized that we're improperly
displacing the water that falls away
from the roof through the gutter system
and it's finding its way down through
the soil up against the house and the
foundation that could be the reason why
the ground is settling weird and causing
the cracks in the basement walls so
these are problems that I have to fix
today basically my plan is to fix the
downspouts so that they properly shed
the water the way they're supposed to
and then clean off the mold with a
couple of chemicals specifically
designed for that then I have to paint
the walls with something called dry lock
and it's like a sealant like a liquid
barrier for the basement walls that'll
keep the water from coming through and
will prevent the mold from growing again
you know I've wasted most of my day
gathering materials and stuff to get
this job done actually after I showed
you outside the corner spout I had to go
inside and take a nap because I felt I
don't know it felt so fatigued lately so
I had to take a nap I actually napped
for like two hours and my live stream
starts in about 40 minutes so I'm gonna
spray I'm gonna spray that mold killing
stuff on the wall and then we'll do the
live stream and
of trying to the rest later I feel I
feel good but right now I gotta go pick
up a case of water probably gonna need
some water and for dinner
I'm having some Chinese my favorite
Chinese spot are very yummy yummy all
right so you guys remember the the video
doorbell that I installed a while back
it's a ring doorbell if you didn't if
you didn't see that video click up here
you can watch how I installed it super
cool device and the folks that ring
actually sent me their newest device
called the ring chime so for instance if
I was say down in the basement shooting
a how-to video and someone rings the
doorbell but I don't have my phone with
me I probably wouldn't hear it that's
why this comes in you just plug it in
practically anywhere within range and
and then you can hear the doorbell so
basically it goes like this
so in the box we've got our that's it
nice pretty self-explanatory one button
and a little instruction guide so let's
just plug it in here add device chime
it's done let's name it basement cuz
that's probably where I'm gonna put it
basement I omitted some of the steps
simply because there is some sensitive
information that I don't really care to
share with you guys but the the chime is
all set up boys would you go ring the
doorbell real quick there it is it's
just such a cool thing and I I can't say
anything about good words about rings so
and they actually hooked us up with this
so they're also hooking you up with a
little discount check the code in the
description down below to get yourself
some money off one of these if you want
to buy one time to vlog it's time to
fill that chat screen so we're upstairs
streaming live right now on Twitch we're
playing my very first game ever
black ops 3 zombies I'm pretty stoked we
actually just did our first twitch
giveaway which is a $50 Best Buy gift
card
unfortunately no one in the UK could win
it first it was Bethany and so we were
all excited was like yeah Bethany and
then she was like wah wah wah I can't I
can't use it because I'm in the UK so we
had to pick another winner which was
gravity be Twitter handle underscore or
gravity underscore beat so make sure you
guys give him a big huge congratulations
for winning our first twitch giveaway
and set everyone in the twitch chat is
saying hey what's up what's up what's up
well I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure
you're supposed to be getting in the
shower right yeah I'm pausing hold on
Portuguese alright it's time for my
first one here we go here we go bye from
Bobby McGee the guy in the bush don't
worry guys the zombie video is coming
soon I promise I promise I promise I
promise it was fun thank you guys for
tuning in we will see all of you guys
right back here Wednesday at 5 p.m.
Eastern
well that was fun
goodness that was along that was a long
stream it's like two hours I was like a
two-hour stream Carson we gotta get you
dressed
Eliza woke up we gave away a $50 gift
card
we got a $3 donation we got quite a few
new followers as well
it's this awesome twitch community is
super positive and very awesome so thank
you guys so much for hanging out with us
now it's time to get get into my evening
came downstairs to find Eliza woken up
and sure is hungry I'm gonna give her
some of that cereal swap okay
daddy sorry how's that like that ya
better get your belly full
yeah oh there's her thumb that means
she's tired or that baby you boys ready
for another school week yeah oh that's
life
Carson I bet you had a fantastic weekend
right yeah another birthday in the books
seven years old old hey yeah you know
the Walking Dead comes on in 15 minutes
you pumped yeah no more of this hanging
out with Morgan's stuff I want to see
what happened to Glen and what happened
to Rick and what happened back at
Alexandria there's a lot of stuff that
I'm waiting for let's just say that hi
buddy lay down let's cover you up hey
let's go
bedtime good night sleep tight all right
see you in the morning
love you gladiator good night and thanks
for all the birthday wishes mm-hmm time
for that Walking Dead action boy oh I'm
pumped
this better be a good episode this
better be good episode because I'm
postponing editing for today to watch it
sorry again for the late upload
yesterday
BRR it's pretty cold out this morning
good morning we're currently at the bus
stop waiting we can't really see
anything because everything's well
everything is icy Mary I see dirt would
do it but that's probably a little much
right yeah so much maybe later
yeah Oh see all right the bus is here
I'll see you after school have a good
day
happy Monday check me out either I'm
getting ready for fallout 4 to release
which is not the case or B I'm preparing
myself for battle in the basement this
is my security my protection just in
case there's mold spores they happen to
pop up into the air while we're cleaning
this stuff I don't want to be breathing
that because it can be very hazardous to
my health that's my job today I was
supposed to do it yesterday but I felt
like crap I still feel like crap Hey
honestly before I went to Lowe's I was
so like starved of energy that I had to
take a nap on the chair just checked out
for two hours two or three hours no it
seriously
Eliza we're gonna fix that problem okay
we're gonna fix it
deal so you don't care
now I could probably stand to add an
extension on here so that it takes it
farther away but I think what I really
should do is find a way to pipe this
towards the driveway because having
neighbor is really close it's not very
cool to shed my water over into their
property matter of fact I think like
Township laws discourage that and I
believe it might even be illegal so I
have to properly shed my water away from
the house but for now I can at least get
it this far away it's probably about
four or five feet away unfortunately the
best thing I can do for this one back
here is I've kind of I've reduced or
removed the strap slid it over and then
replace the screw so that it's at least
in line with this catch drain and what
I'll eventually have to do is cut this
and insert like an extension so that the
pipe or this downspout goes all the way
down into this clearly once they
installed it or since they've installed
it it's shifted a little bit so I just
have to kind of rig it like this for now
and we'll get an extension to put this
deep inside of that that drain pipe
going around the outside of the house
checking all the downspouts for proper
drainage water and I notice on this side
this is a prime example as what can
happen if you're not diverting your
water properly away from the foundation
on this side of the garage this
downspout has literally nowhere to go
and look what it's done to this brick
this is this is rock you know I mean and
it's eating this away so eventually if I
don't start diverting this water that
entire blocks gonna be completely
degraded got gravel underneath this pad
here the skirting for our garage this is
all getting washed out so we'll
definitely need to address that too
I'm kidding all important things to note
as a homeowner now these are my
responsibilities and if I don't take
care of them they're only going to get
worse and cost me a lot more money in
the long run so I'm glad that I'm kind
of figuring all this stuff out now and
hopefully you guys can take a little bit
from this and if you're if you are a
homeowner definitely pay attention it's
time for me to finish the job I've
already moved a lot of this stuff out
look at that
that right there is our problem you can
see the cracks look crazy
I'm gonna start rolling up this carpet
and as long as you see this video I
survived and I'm doing just fine but for
now I'm gonna focus on that and hope for
the best
so that's all I got for you guys today
thank you so much for watching and I
can't wait to see all of you right back
here tomorrow
