what's up guys they're gonna leave us we
gotta go the reason we had to hurry is
because we're almost late to Carson's
first basketball game yeah you ready are
you excited for your very first
basketball game yep
are you gonna win yeah we're gonna make
Oh muffin come on we might and but I
will I don't know
all right Carson it's about game time
dude right make sure you pay attention
to rebounds make sure you get the ball
okay
close maybe a bad place to say no fear
and it's on
so Carson starts right there
Carson's starting positions Carson good
block dude boy
get it Carson yeah dude
oh he's almost got it shoot it Oh get it
Carson first game hey don't worry the
fun's not over yet we still have a
birthday party to throw three more for
that person what you leaving you're
going birthday shopping with Nana okay
we'll get your party ready okay love you
all right so if Veronica dropped me off
at the house so that I could get ready
for Carson's party by playing together
his new basketball hoop we did go ahead
and get him a basketball hoop because
he's he's into it and it's something
that he can do outside be active and
stuff like that
so yeah I got a I got to put this thing
together
I'm moving ahead through all the
building process pretty much we got it
built we had to bring it over here to
the house we could fill it with water
for the counterweights the last step is
putting these caps in and she's good to
go you guys will be playing basketball
no time calling bum man we got us a
basketball hoop happy birthday Carson
it's that last minute pre-party prep
look we got the balloons back there you
know we have like this expandable table
so when a bunch of family comes over we
can add the beets in yeah that's like
eight people I think yeah honey you look
beautiful I can't help it yeah so we're
getting all everything ready for this
big party everyone's coming over you'll
never see our house more clean than
right before we have a bunch of people
over dust it we did all the everything
everything's clean
Colin actually sweep tin here it was
awesome good job Collin getting ready
for your Braves birthday he's hard work
as you can see he's very first are two
person people starting to show up or you
can the birthday party is full effect
while almost not full effect everyone's
over here playing Minecraft yeah me
except for you what do you need you need
the iPad yeah you wanna use my iPad yeah
okay you can't be left out at your own
birthday party since you're going
outside there's no way to avoid it go
grab that basketball for me
go grab that basketball and he wanted to
go jump on the trampoline
so he goes jump on the trampoline he's
gonna see it alright come on
this is a this is our birthday present
for me and mommy all right you could
close your eyes and okay we open them
okay
I'm not gonna be able to see here hold
my hold my hand close your eyes close
your eyes don't look face right here
this way don't open them yet I'll tell
you when okay all right open your eyes
yeah your own basketball hoop is that
cool or what did yeah now you can get so
good at basketball right here at home
and me and you can play together
and call him - call him let's play
basketball shoot it up there take the
first shot oh shoot it up there oh yeah
good job dude good job buddy here
high-fives
enjoy your basketball hoop everyone's
starting to trickle in my mom - shut up
- it's quite cold out here Carson you
should get long sleeves on dude don't
get sick Dallas's Shawn grandparents
he's foot his foots like the main
attraction here at the birthday party
this is better lighting check it out
dude that's bad hay on another note my
pinkie nail is growing back that's
perfect dude awesome Sarah he's he's
really lying isn't he you took a
sledgehammer and hit him in the ankle
right yeah for sure
wait you're leaving duck I didn't even
get to film with you I wanted to do
something crazy and fun right now let's
go
yeah thank you for coming love you a
long time
all right person are you ready to hope
in present all right let's do it
I don't think we've ever had this week
Arsenal's birthday so many cool awesome
family friends open them all as fast as
you can and make sure you say thank you
to everyone who got you presents okay
thanks for coming to my party
all right boys now I want a good clean
fight keep it above the belt and make
sure Carson wins ready go
get him in the face Carson you're
supposed to let him win Dallas yeah call
him big brother yeah Carson a left and a
right
and he goes down and he goes down and he
goes down there you go good job Carson
and one to the next that's presents and
then taken ice cream did you have such
an awesome time you need help I hope you
figure that stuff out look sweet to
everyone fizzles out this looks pretty
interesting this is a lot of fun again
everyone who came if you're watching
this thank you guys so much for coming
to making cars birthday parties such an
epic awesome experience
it's clearly a lot of fun I this school
looks like I have four arms to shadow
arms to real arms me Carson
Noah hey Colin he's peanut I'm eating
tonight
yeah having like a sleepover man they've
done it all Carson playing with his new
iPod aunt Britney got him
pretty cool huh he's been bringing it to
me dad can i download this and this
isn't this just such a cool fun day
this one just magically don't call me
Mom you remember before I went to
California San Luis Obispo with Dennis I
had the ear problem and and I had sinus
infection before that hey you're not
gonna believe this but its back I blew a
bunch of that green nasty out today and
this morning I woke up and my ears back
too messed up so something definitely is
not right my body's telling me that I
don't know something's definitely weird
so I definitely need to get some rest
and I want to play with these guys a
little bit but tomorrow tomorrow it's
back to work we've had fun playing with
Legos and building and just really
exploring all of Carson's super-awesome
birthday presents what you getting now
the Captain America flying disc shield
machine whoa nice
sure does alright guys that's all I've
got for you today thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
