what's up guys it's cleaning day look at
all this stuff I'm getting Swiffer
duster is a bottle I'll tell you what
that's for brushes all kinds of cool
stuff I mean we gotta get ready for this
party and Veronica's not been feeling
well enough to get cleaning done so I'm
gonna take care of it and it's gonna be
ma
Veronica actually I sent her out this
morning to go do whatever and she came
back not too much longer after she left
she wasn't feeling good so she's at home
napping with the baby that's how I was
able to get out Carson's home what
happened I lost your arm serious oh no
look who's up and I just you know oh hi
sweetheart
oh oh hi cutie here stand up show
everyone how good you are
yep stand up you can do it whoo Oh get
your foot there you go that's my girl
see how long you can stay on your oh you
don't get there guys today I got all the
dusting done and we did the dishes I did
the toilets did some laundry I came up
here and cleaned off my computer stand I
got it all dusted and wiped down and
everything and I did pick up algata hd60
last night so that the streams were a
better quality so I got that all hooked
up and then I started practicing on Halo
5 and here we are
check that out take it yeah
she's like what is this what is this
cabbage
it's all right it's just a brush I'm
gonna try that side there you go perfect
huh
that's awesome Carson good requests
brother pancakes and bacon and eggs for
the breakfast morning are you okay
on his way on Carson fell up the stairs
let's see now oh oh oh sorry are you
gonna be okay
we're gonna break for a little dinner
Veronica's made some tacos and now I got
something cool to show you guys
it's like huge-mongous overflowing with
deliciousness
yeah that's bigger than the camera I
have to eat it over the sink mom says
yeah Jay's been asking me a lot about
twitch lately cuz he's kind of a gamer
himself and I find it to be very I don't
know it's really cool that he's trying
to be involved in what I'm doing because
he texted me yesterday I was like yo
what's your schedule and twich again I
want to catch you so I think that's
really cool he's trying to be involved
and I wanna like he's laid up in its
house and he can't do anything so I
thought I'd like to show him around
twitch and maybe even get him started if
he wants to I he doesn't have very good
internet so you may not be able to but
I'm gonna go ever and see Jay so Jay and
I just finished talking about Twitter
you gonna are you gonna watch me tonight
after the game I downloaded black ops 3
so that it's ready for me to play at
12:01 a.m. Eastern Standard time for the
launch so we're gonna play black ops 3
tonight Jay you're welcome to come over
if you
oh dear is everything all right still
not real good stairs yeah that's true
that's true tell Jay look look
Jay's a gamer don't don't be fooled Jay
plays all kinds of cool titles look
moral Kombat fallout which he's excited
for the new fallout coming Jay needs to
start streaming on Twitch he's got an
Xbox 360 he's got a PlayStation 4 you
need to stream on Twitch are you giving
sloppy kisses I got your voice when you
wake up in the morning it's gonna be
your birthday dude yeah he was so old
here don't don't hang on that please
please good night sleep tight don't let
the bedbugs bite
thank you bitch
he said you're playing with her though
right yeah well you just gotta be
careful she's still puppy she doesn't
have her aim right yet so just be
careful if she did it for no reason then
I would be worried that you were playing
with her probably aggressively too so
it's not entirely her well you just
gotta be careful okay can I see Jay
Carson he did
well good night buddy for a birthday boy
apparently it's been raining all night
and both of my windows were down all the
way good morning why not surprise it's a
surprise when are you gonna show them I
know what are you gonna show Mickey
Mouse pancake that's right do you wanna
take a rotten eggs and bacon for his
birthday breakfast okay so mommy made it
happen
good job all right there it is
it's bus time we're lucky we made it
dude bye have fun
don't get wet don't get don't get wet I
can't believe I left my windows down
last night oh that's that's happened to
me one other time where my car got
completely soaked and it's such a pain
to get all the moisture out because the
moisture lives in there forever you
playing with your new tambourine because
it's a 50/50 peepee dance yeah Carson
look look at the comments here I'll show
you the comments for mr. butcher there
and scroll look what do you see lots of
happy birthdays everyone's wishing you
happy birthday so all the glad you're
saying happy birthday to Carson there's
so many of you thank you so much that's
awesome huh give him a fist bump fist
bump
all right have a good awesome day at
school on your birthday hey Kirsten
guess what I love you happy birthday
I'll see you after love you alright guys
so I just got the shower we need to get
ready for Carson's birthday Veronica and
I are gonna go shopping pick out a cool
gift for his birthday we got to get the
cake ordered and everything for
tomorrow's celebration it's busy busy
day I I so plan on streaming last night
the new black ops 3 but I by the time we
got the kids to bed it was like 9
something and I sat down on the couch to
work on something and literally passed
out so I woke up at like 1:00 in the
morning I was like oh crap I'm not I'm
not into it right now so but yeah I
gotta get some stuff done and get ready
for Carson's birthday I can't wait to
see you mm-hmm
so thank you guys so much for watching
and we can't wait to see all of you
right back here tomorrow
