what's up guys welcome to our day I've
been up here literally on my computer's
working getting ready for tonight's
livestream I was connected like as were
partnered through twitch I got connected
to a new partners group like dubbed it's
very ominous now that I'm a noob
partnered streaming on Twitch so I'm
part of a new twitch group and we've
been talking all day and discussing
stuff and I've developed a bunch of cool
stuff for tonight's stream I wanted to
run and get a giveaway item but I don't
have any time time to go get Carson off
the bus
there he is what's up dude how was
school good all right it's time to
tackle this it's nice out not freezing
we got to do this and I'm not sure
exactly the best way to handle this
here's why because the drain tube is
somewhere on this edge on the very
bottom super difficult to get to what if
we take a board like this and we lay it
on the edge like that and I put a brick
on this and it will hold it down so if I
put the brick on and then push this down
and the water starts flowing out
hopefully the brick will hold it down
long enough to let the water flow out
and then we can drain the rest I don't
know good idea
not exactly what I had in mind I think I
need a longer longer board maybe more
wait longer board I don't know I should
just cut the side of it with a knife no
that's not good that's the trick the
trick was the brick right on the edge I
hope I don't ruin this I'm gonna feel
like such a schmuck oh I lay lies down I
woke up late lies down and I come out to
see what chase and Carson's doing and
he's draining the pool I'm getting it
done I'm getting it done that's uh
pretty it's genius
that's the word you're looking for
genius gee Egon I u.s. Pina will let it
drain it's about that time according to
my watch have caused a freckle have
passed a monkey according to us who we
are streaming right live right right
live we're streaming right now live on
Twitch
check out this little landscape I
created right before the stream super
awesome it shows up someone hit follow
real quick please someone hit follow
look look look
when someone follows got this cool
little screen capture I mean this this
is getting legit and everyone in the
chat saying what's up to the vlog how
are you doing guys I'll tell you what
it's so awesome to have so many
fantastic
gladiators filling up this room right
here I'm in love with you guys no joke
so the stream is over and that was a lot
of fun the new layout very very cool we
got a couple new subscribers and
actually some some people actually made
donations which was so thoughtful and
super thankful I really appreciate all
you guys showing up and doing this
supporting me and my my new adventures
on Twitch I just think it's so cool I'm
actually trying
ding like I was invited to be a team to
help like other new new partners grow
and together were like figuring out
different tricks and techniques and all
kinds of different stuff so hosting is
one of them and so tonight after my
stream I'm hosting Russ load em um so I
think that's cool hosting other channels
definitely helps other people get
recognized and that's what I'm all about
is helping other people become
successful and if that helps someone
else then so be it I'm happy to help
we'll just leave that for a while and
let him do his thing and I think it's
dinner time but after that I want to
take a little trip to Best Buy and get
some goodies I'm so glad to see them
playing together yeah ok why are you
doing Liza what's on your shirt yeah
green means mmm green means is your
chicken you're my pet you wanna play
fetch echoes actually been running to
catch things will not catch what she's
been chasing them sit ready okay and
she'll bring it back and I've taught her
to let go
come here let go have it good girl come
here sit good girl
ready mmm I'm just waiting to get that
video clip of her like sliding across
the floor but there's just not way I got
it's not that slippery me travitt got
that sit good girl I do it this time
ready set go get it Tom I've ever sat
it's the first time Jen's eris and
Rebecca what's up PJ sup everybody hey
well everyone was saying happy birthday
I mention this oh thanks everybody
appreciate it
like old a.f what dumb only 28 now
that's me yeah who's above for everybody
we're going to best buy together no man
should go to Best Buy alone oh it's
gonna be dark oh here we go
alright best buy at night look how
beautiful it is I know you guys a lot of
you in the twitch streams we're talking
about pre-ordering black ops 3 or
getting black ops 3 this Friday you know
it's this Friday yeah yeah black ops 3
the new Call of Duty we have to preorder
look you guys look I'm hooking you guys
up this is our giveaway for NYX the next
three months Sunday well that was fun
short sweet I wanted to get something I
feel like I should do another now I've
got something nice if I'm doing a
giveaway on Twitch already I feel like I
should do a giveaway on the vlog channel
how about you guys show me by thumbs up
if you want to see a giveaway on the
vlog channel I just gave we're back home
I just gave PJ and Jen a look at the
zombie video it's it's mostly done the
cinematic part I'm just working on like
the gameplay part be honest your
thoughts I love it like it's gonna be
old did I pay you to say that no maybe
you're doing I think to be honest I
think it looks like a Sundance Film
Festival like a mature type video but
that's what's funny about it right here
it's got your dramatic scenes
yeah funny scenes yeah yeah Jen you
hurting here I can't wait to put this
out there because it's so funny like
when you guys see it's gonna be so
hilarious and well and well thought out
like I've actually got sound effects of
wind in this video never done that
before
no way around it fell asleep last night
didn't feel like vlogging anymore so
here we are this morning good morning
Carson man with his snake morning callin
ready for school hurry up with those
shoes we got to get to the bus hi baby
girl it's early I'm sorry your bus is
here love you have a good day I'll see
you when you get home well person what's
tomorrow your birthday are you excited
yeah he's seven years old year in 2016
yeah I'm gonna be in second grade yeah
in 17 third grade 18 fourth grade and so
on and so on and so on
yeah forth and so on and so forth so I'm
so far yeah you might as well wish him a
happy birthday because by the time
tomorrow's videos posted it will be well
into his birthday yep yeah yeah so you
should definitely wish Carson a happy
birthday my little dude love you love
you what's he so concerned about that's
good so all right dad duties complete
all right guys so it's time for
preparation Carson's birthday is
tomorrow and we got to get a bunch of
stuff ready for it one of those things
being the entire house cleaned dusted
the garage because we're having this
birthday party here although we're not
having the birthday party tomorrow we're
having it on Saturday so all the family
can come and partake in the festivities
but I've got I wanted to send Veronica
away today for the whole day without any
kids because I mean I've been spending a
lot of time up here lately working on
stuff and I feel like it's it's
important to
and take a break and let Veronica
because she's dealing with the kids all
the time
let her just take off and do whatever
she wants for the day and I'm gonna stay
here and get fish dawn I'll say yeah I'm
gonna go ahead and take a shower and get
ready for my day and I hope you guys
come back I'll try and make cleaning the
house as fun and goofy as possible you
know me so thank you guys so much for
watching and I can't wait to see all of
you right back here tomorrow
