you guys it's somebody's birthday not
just one but two people's birthday today
one of them's right over there let's go
say happy word happy birthday happy
birthday we caught Jay it's Jays
birthday and we caught him just as he
was leaving for a birthday dinner I
tried to scare him I didn't once scare
him too bad because clearly he's a man
on crutches so oh well yeah it's James
birthday and it's also you remember my
buddy PJ it's PJ's birthday as well and
it's my brother's birthday tomorrow
it's like birthday central this this
month it's your birthday - I'm Friday Oh
flashy flashy thank you today yeah okay
so today's mission was to baby-proof our
house as babies become more mobile they
certainly get into a lot more things
where they shouldn't
especially wall outlets that aren't
covered babies tend to stick their
fingers or anything that they're holding
into anything and should they put
anything into an uncovered wall outlet
it could it could be very very dangerous
also everywhere around your home there
are strangulation hazards for instance
cords strung about plugged into the wall
even these blind cords the blinds have
these long cords that go all the way to
the ground the baby can reach so it's
always good to take those and prop them
up just like that another dangerous
situation for babies is kitchen cabinets
specifically because they can open them
right up and get inside we're all those
dangerous chemicals hide and you don't
want your baby playing with a bottle of
bleach or Windex or dish soap does that
might not be too bad but you get the
idea another very dangerous place for
kids the stairs if a kid falls down the
stairs they could become very seriously
injured if not killed so it's very
important to keep the kids away from the
stairs
and so because of all these different
dangerous obstacles that live in your
home I want to show you a couple of
different things that you can do to
protect your baby one good way to make
sure that your kids are safe is by
confining them to specific places using
baby gates what we're going to do is
we're going to install two baby gates
we've got two of these baby gates and
we're going to put one right here and
one right here so baby Eliza has no
access at all to get to these stairs on
the lower level anyway now you know we
have cats and the cat box is down here
in the basement so we have to have this
part gated with a little crack
underneath so that fluffy can fit
underneath of it let's say we install
some baby gates some of these baby heats
use pressure they just like squeeze up
against the wall to attach but others
like this one they use like hardware
they're actually screwed to the wall
mounted and this particular model has
like a swinging door so it's it's a
one-handed operation so we can open it
like a door and it closes behind you
don't let you
that's the baby gay people babies in
jail baby prison lies that you're in
baby prison haha Oh
each easy oh my God look at that time
okay okay
ask for two cabinets I have these
two-piece safety latches right so this
part goes on the door like this and then
the catch goes underneath so that when
you close it it catches it like that and
you can't open it
pretty simple install definitely saves
the baby from getting into those harsh
chemicals under your kitchen sink of
course you're going to want to use a
drill to drill yourself a couple pilot
holes so you can screw the base and the
actual catch in easier but once you get
it lined up and screwed together it
should go in just like that and the baby
can't open it you just take these little
wall outlet plugs and stick them in
there that way the babies can't stick
anything Forks pencils fingers into the
electrical sockets I like it I feel
better already
how did we do thank you thank you I
think everything boils down to making
sure this little baby skid home Liza
yeah you can't get upstairs now mm-hmm
high-five that's right yep no more
stairs for you darling hmm
oh she's tired she's ready for bed thank
you again Kathy for the drill and Kathy
was so gracious to donate the gates so
thank you take care of the kiddos yeah
tell me oh sorry she's like what size is
your hallway and the door wave of a
I was like what what why she's I'm at
Toys R Us wasn't Toys R Us
I'm at and you don't have a there okay
yeah that's right
just like this please well gotta keep
your baby siblings safe yes ma'am
oh they're coming in the next one yeah
another one be a girl everybody vote
girl I hope it's a girl Wow I actually
do alright it's time for bed okay don't
worry me goodnight
oh the keeper of the gate guide the gate
keeper hey why don't you tell everyone
good night good night and Carson yeah
these boys
that's cup of coffee and a good morning
to you good morning to you
hey good morning to you it's early yeah
really school days well apparently
you're what it's only 7:30 oh yeah
you're not gonna be late
nope sir oh no sir I have fun love you
there's one down one down one to go
person what you aim for school dude yeah
yeah meet today watch my coffee oh my
god I do not want to spill my coffee
again that was a mess
Oh a big mess yeah I spilled my coffee
in the seat last week I think was last
week here's your bus I love you bud I'll
see you after school up - up - oh yeah
that's the biggest goal in the morning
as a parent wake yourself up grab a cup
of coffee if you need to get your kids
off to school that means get mop get
them fed get their teeth brushed
get their book bags pack their lunches
packed it's a busy time getting kids
ready for school in the morning all
right it's time to get to work get some
editing done and I just want to say guys
I thank you I thank you so much from the
bottom one heart for always coming here
and watching our videos every single day
I know it's kind of average the life of
a family man and you know I used to when
you came here
I used to do extravagant things and
filmed with you know popular people um
and I still do that to some extent but
by now we should be a month or two in
two legends of Awesome and we're just
not there yet
and there's a couple reasons mainly the
things the curveballs that life throws
at me
for instance being pregnant again
definitely puts a damper on doing other
things but do know that all of that is
still in the works we're putting all
this stuff together behind the scenes so
that when it is time to launch and it is
close it's going to happen so these
vlogs will only get better and better
and better the more I break into these
bigger things that belong to me and
that's what's more exciting is that I
used to do things for other people but
now I do things for myself and I can't
wait till those start to flourish and
you guys are gonna love it hang in there
thank you guys so much for always being
with us and stand for this for this ride
we call life
don't forget tonight's Wednesday night
live stream on Twitch so make sure you
go right here and follow me on twitch TV
forward slash Gilroy gaming so now we're
going to play some games I encourage you
to come and check out some of the new
elements that I made for the twitch
channel things are looking really cool
that's all the time I've got for you
guys today and you should always
remember spread love not hate I'll see
you all right back here
