hi three heart Hey look at that smile
the boys are home Colin welcome home so
I'm holding the Liza up holding her up
playing airplane and she goes whoop
pukes on my shirt whoo mr. Carson -
where are we going yeah high five
excited wait wait we can do it oh hold
on I can do better all right good job
oh sorry I guess I do it right oh he'll
do a great job fantastic job we arrived
a few minutes early actually which is
pretty rare for us gilroys we usually
arrive either right exactly on time or a
couple of minutes late which I know it's
kind of bad but show me what you got
alright dude nice so you're purple ha
nice let's get out of here number nine
number nine well that was fun right
yeah it's nighttime a little bit of
unorganized sport unorganized sports
it's so funny these guys are so funny
you did good though nice purple shirt
number nine number nine we should make
up a phrase catchphrase for number nine
someone's number ten you're kidding me
let's get out of here and go eat some
dinner I'm hungry I'm starving
I'm about to die I'm so hungry we gotta
go to Kroger first I called Bronk was
like what's for dinner honey I'm
starving she doesn't I don't know
haven't thought about it yet oh boy oh
boy
Kirstin the mom big helper
helping me get all my groceries
good work sir I don't know why but for
some reason house bill and grilled
cheese and soup slip in my mouth and
last night must have
because my throat's all Scratchy I can't
win we've skipped through dinner it's
time for Eliza to have her bottle before
bed she's very angry what is that you
just stepped in love yow they're off to
bed early by a half hour what you don't
have I phone you you can't play with
this oh boy
lies is all all into everything I know
she actually took a pretty nasty spill
earlier and got a gnarly bump on her
head you can see it you press it don't
you dare put that in your mouth in light
of that tomorrow is going to be
baby-proofing the house day so nothing
like that oh you're so tired all right
guys here it is Jimmy Kimmel Live let's
see if we didn't make it on the show I'm
like kind of nervous did we or didn't we
I can't I almost can't trust anything
that happens on YouTube yeah all right
so kind of a bummer we didn't make it on
the Kimmel show but uh it's it's no big
deal it was it was cool to be considered
but we still have you guys right you
guys are the best audience in the whole
entire world right honey
poor Veronica she's got the pregnant
belly right now oh that's the way that's
the way Gilroy starts the day I'm not
ready yeah
that's better that's much better
so what's on my list of a gymnast for to
do this week here's one of them this guy
I don't know if you've ever seen me use
it this is my 3-axis gimbal and I want
to shoot another review Vittel review
video
the forum how to channel and I want to
do the next one on this this thing is so
cool you've seen the footage that comes
off of it and I kind of want to like I
kind of want to like start reviewing a
lot of my gear that I use that I already
have so you can see you guys can get an
idea like what kind of stuff I'm using
to create those review videos because I
use a lot of this stuff just for the
review videos and eventually I'll be
using it for the legends of awesome
videos too so Edie's gonna be sending me
a couple of different things so like
this week I'm gonna be working on
developing some more of the how to
channel I still have work to do on the
zombie video it sucks because I can't
just sit down and work on it from start
to finish I have to actually work on it
in little pieces because Veronica needs
my help
the kids the vlogs I gotta get out there
and vlog and it's just it's like I don't
have all that much time so other one of
the chores that we have to get done this
week the garage it is a perfect mess and
Carson's birthday is this weekend Friday
actually the little guys about to turn 7
years old
time flies so we're having this birthday
party here and we got to get all the
recycling out you got to sweep the
floors all kinds of all kinds of stuff
to finish getting done Oh check this out
this week is supposed to be really
really warm and one of the things I've
neglected to take care of before the
fall and winter months hit is take down
this pool I probably should have
definitely have done that by now but I
just I've been busy and I hope it's not
ruined I don't think it is definitely
need to take care of that if anyone
wants to come help me feel free the past
couple hours I've been working on on
this this artwork stuff here for my
twitch channel look all the other like
partner twitch channels have these
little tiles down here follow links
youtube link subscribes you can scribe
to the twitch channel
and then the donate button because a lot
of people do donations for twitch
streamers and now it's kind of like
standard so I have some standard stuff
in there before it was blank so I just
made some quick little tiles to put in
there it's really cool and I mean if you
haven't already you go follow me on
Twitch it's free to follow subscribing
is $4.99 a month but you know you don't
have to subscribe if you don't want to
you can just follow but the
subscriptions definitely help you know
purchase new games and stuff like that
so follow me on Twitch is twitch TV for
Sasha Gilroy gaming and we do live
streams every month or every Wednesday
and Sunday at 5 p.m. and we start doing
a little bit more cuz it's really fun
interacting with you guys all you guys
that are gamers I found it to be really
really fun once we got all the like
logistics and stuff levelled out it was
really difficult to get everything going
so I've got my encoder software
well gato my game system everything's
all set up so now I can just hop on here
and stream every time I play games
that's it's actually a lot of fun and
I'm I've become to like it you know I
like it
it's fun right well I think that's about
all the time I've got for you guys today
I need to get this video edited and I
got a run up town do some errands a
piece of bills and tomorrow we're going
to do some baby proofing of the house
you know it's important to make things
safe for baby Eliza as she's growing
she's starting to become more mobile and
she's definitely getting into more and
more things so we need to do like the
plug protectors baby gates and stuff of
that nature so that's we're gonna do
tomorrow and yeah that's what I got for
you guys on this one thank you so much
for watching and I can't wait to see all
of you right back here tomorrow
