what's up guys welcome to our day good
evening actually it's Halloween and
we're currently doing a live fan mail
video check it out everyone say hi to
the vlog we've had so many cool people
in here oh yeah I love this yep
vlog hi everyone wave well sorry I'll
wait for you this is everyone in the
comments actually waving to the vlog so
yeah we're getting ready to go to the
haunted farm and I'm gonna take the boys
to the very first-ever haunted
attraction and it should be quite funny
so we just finished our experimental
livestream fan mail video which I
thought was kind of cool Carson are you
ready
Colin you ready yeah oooh
Colin's ready person are you ready
Carson's not ready earlier he was all
about going for the haunted fun but now
that we're getting down to it he's like
hi boys we're almost there it's right up
here are you getting pumped excited
Carson
I hope there's not a long long line
we're getting here right it's like 7:35
so I hope it's not ridiculously long and
unfortunately it's already started to
like sprinkles so that sucks person look
behind you
of creepy
so we're group 29 we have to wade
through they call our number
guys ready ready ready let's do this
you guys get way super scared yeah you
would
it's okay though it's okay to be scared
and like yeah
Kirsten goes I don't know if it's over
yet though
oh yeah it is yeah it's over this is the
beginning couldn't put the camera on my
pocket if I wanted to because they had
my hands so tight the whole time boys
look at me are you glad you did it yeah
no oh that's okay those are just people
Hey look at me Colin I'm proud of you
high five dude you did it high five
Carson good job bro okay yeah I'm not
joking yeah and what about you yeah I'm
super proud they were scared 100% scared
but they went through with it and that's
all that matters it was pretty sketchy
in the very beginning yeah but once you
got mostly into it I don't know Collins
barely took his hands out of his ears
yeah because he didn't want to hear
anything
music was super promised the boys if
they went through with something they
didn't want to do which was go to this
scared thing we would do something they
did want to do or just play some halo 5
argue yeah well you shouldn't hurt you
in the first place
but for the first thing that's got the
elephant which is bigger than the
Scorpion rings and mandy's hey you want
to play Master Chief collection be my
guest
remember the classic Halloween movie
hocus pocus old-school movie with the
three witches that's what's on right now
the boys are watching that but it seems
everyone it's almost like passed out
look at Veronica back there why don't
you tell her one good night hey I'm
super proud of you by the way definitely
did your spin aren't you you're super
tired hey Carson look here
I'm proud of you too for going through
the scary stuff
morning everyone it's been quite a
morning so far
Eliza spilled my coffee off the table
knocked my camera onto the ground and
the dog bit off my fuzzies on top for my
windscreen and then I take the dog
outside and she starts digging holes and
it's been raining all night so now she's
all muddy
oh so now I'm gonna go give the dog bath
and I feel like this might be quite
funny okay time for bed I was feeling
I'm about to get soaked
Red Dog
yeah yeah that's good I can only imagine
how better that's gonna be when she gets
older yeah I'm perfectly soaked I shower
get ready for my day
we're gonna go to hang out with my buddy
Scott you know snap ucn them in the
frogs before we're gonna do some family
photos and stuff and I know some of you
have asked how I do my hair so I thought
I would uh I thought I show you now well
I'll show you I figured I've discussed
it to you I want to give you guys a
little bit of transparency in the coming
days you will probably see some
sponsored integrations in our videos now
it's no secret that youtubers do these
types of things and it's it's the best
way to help you know support the channel
that keeps me creating these videos for
you for those of you who enjoy them I
know all the haters always have
something say but on that note you'll
notice that I didn't upload a vlog
yesterday instead we just put the fan
mail live video which was very
experimental it seems like people it
doesn't tell you when the stream ends
it's it's kind of confusing on my end as
well so
sent a bomb I don't know how to work
this thing we're heading out oh jeez
look at me I was I was in here messing
around on the computer for a minute and
look everyone's in the car sitting
waiting on me I'm just looking out the
window enjoying the beautiful fall
scenery and Veronica says that cows
giving birth I say let's go check it out
you guys want to see a cow giving birth
yeah this could be purely educational I
see a hoof I see a flippin hoop we need
a closed turnaround cow
I'll now brown cow yak gosh can you see
it you guys look at the hoof
right below her tail you can see the
hooves
here comes somebody from the farm and
their Gator and holy moly
man I think we're gonna miss the show
guys I'll say this that is incredible
never seen anything like that before
they just keep going farther and farther
away I don't know if we'll be able to
see it
alright guys well we made it to Scott's
Scott's place we're gonna hang out have
some food enjoy the scenery and just you
know be together as a family on this
Sunday and just kind of relax so
unfortunately that's all I got for you
guys today big thumbs up for Colin and
Carson braving through the haunted farm
I'm so proud of them for going through
with it they wanted to quit and leave
but they went through with it and it was
awesome so they got to learn a little
bit about their their sense of fear
which i think is a good thing so thumbs
up for that alright guys thanks so much
for watching I can't wait to see all of
you right back here tomorrow
