look at that cute baby
lyza look look in the mirror she just
has so much fun in the tub splashing and
giggling and playing so keep it so cute
wise and I are playing with her toys
where you going
don't leave me she was just playing with
this little baby doll just the same
maybe we had when we were in the
hospital not faked everyone out but I
thinking I dropped our new baby it was
just this one she was just looking at
her fingers and her toes and looking at
her toes huh your baby still car sounds
gonna be home in just a couple minutes
that was character dad what's in your
mouth am i scary holy okay show me look
he made this - this is a ghost
it's got glow sticks inside pretty crazy
can't look I can't look okay more candy
for me to eat yeah I don't know what
we're gonna do tonight
I was trying I was trying to talk the
boys into going with me to like a like a
haunted thing like the haunted farm were
you gonna go to the haunted farm
I know that it might be a little scary
but I'll be with you you want to go you
do I think we should go if you want if
your brother wants to go then we should
go let's see it's completely dark in
here that's scary dude that's super
spooky
I know oh yeah in case you're going to
the bathroom in the dark Carson you
having fun dude that's it here for the
last 15 minutes
watch them dance around like a crazy
person
what are you doing you go Arjun yeah
come on
mommy made dinner it's ready okay
checking the new mashed potatoes and
biscuits it smells super good today's
been kind of sketchy I had to check out
for a little bit Veronica doesn't feel
good she's in a bad mood and I just
she's the glue man she's what makes this
whole everything tick and she's upset
and doesn't feel good it just kind of
sucks it's like a big bummer those are
the realities of pregnancy the emotions
and woman distortion
again let's have fun Eliza
I got everyone in bed eating harmonica
so it's time for a little yeah this is
the time for this it's a coffee
everyone's up eating breakfast and look
a licensed starting to eat more human
food like well I guess just not baby
food last night I asked you guys on
Twitter if I should make a separate
video of the boys reaction to me eating
all their candy and then send it to
Jimmy Kimmel and it looks like I have
945 votes which is a lot of action on my
Twitter actually eighty-nine percent
said yes so today after I upload the
vlog you'll see this that separate part
of the boys reaction I'll upload it and
it has to be titled hey Jimmy Kimmel I
told my kids I ate all their candy or
something like that
so that maybe that little piece would
make it on the show on Monday night
which would be pretty cool I've never
really tried to do that before but hey
why not right
also I'm gonna spend the rest of the
morning trying to pump out the Halloween
video the zombie video because it is
Halloween it would be perfect to go up
today so I'm gonna spend the rest of my
afternoon trying to put that together
and later callin me callin and Carson
are gonna go to the haunted farm
oh yeah oh yeah we're gonna go to the
haunted farm and try and get all scared
up and then see what the boys think of
that I can only imagine and later today
before early evening we're gonna do the
fan mail live right here on the Gilroy
vlogs channel so you know YouTube has
live streaming now and we can do like
live events so we're gonna hop on and
open all the fan mail that we have live
on the channel and then that video will
be uploaded separately because like when
you do a live event YouTube
automatically processes that video it
makes it available for public viewing so
if you missed the live stream you can
still view it it'll be uploaded but I
will warn you it will probably be quite
long because I I could edit it but then
we lose a lot of quality I mean it would
just be best to leave it long and you
guys can skip through it and either
watch it or no it's completely up to you
but I just wanted to try and do a cool
live event where you guys can watch
everyone who sent fan mail definitely
join in so you can see yourself live and
we can interact with you right then and
there I think that's really cool so join
us for that other than that clearly
we've got a lot of prep work to do it's
already 10 o'clock so we need to get
some stuff done before we do that live
stream so that being said it's about
time for us to say goodbye for today and
sitting down right here so yeah thank
you guys always so much for watching and
we can't wait to see you right back here
