what's up guys welcome to the vlog today
I'm trying to get ready for well my
grandpa's 89th birthday is today and I
want to fix flies hair up but I'm not
very good at ponytails or pigtails or
anything like that
we'll see how this works daddy try and
get all your hair up this way and try to
get it into a ponytail like with hay
yeah well here we go how's that you know
once I saw a video where they used a
vacuum cleaner okay and then I'm going
to turn it on and I'm going to suck up
all your hair in there so we can get the
rubber band around all your hair watch
here it won't hurt you us I'm pink oh if
you kick you ready here we go
Oh why's a hair in the vacuum oh this is
actually going to work it's going to
work Eliza
yeah looky there and then we've got
haha
and then take the rubber ad that has
this is the failed if we fail from
failure
so I'm trying hmm hurry done well look
at it look at their Eliza what can daddy
do it look down here oh boy
look here at the screen I worry about
huh yeah because we could just do this
we could just do this put a hat on it ha
ha ha
anyways look how beautiful crystal clear
my pool is just finished cleaning it
skimmed vacuumed she's all good to go
but as I said grandpa's 89th birthday
pretty big deal I don't know if I'll
ever see 89 but if I do hope to carry it
with as much grace as that old yeah hey
let's go get mommy figure out your
ponytail ok we are here it is officially
party time guys I want you to do me a
favor I'm going to show my grandpa the
comment section this vlog we got to fill
it with all the most awesome
happy birthday comments you could
possibly come up with 89 years a long
time what do you think you're going to
look like in 89 years oh oh well 89 -
your courage yeah yeah you're going to
look old yeah I'm going to look old as
per usual family get-togethers always
have something to do with food and this
one is no different holy cow
okay mom hey mom what is this coming out
loud together okay serious sure like
that
that right there that is corn bread to
play not specifically corn bread but my
mind immediately went female you guys
have to help me work on the mule
behavior okay chemo wanted nothing but
to have cornbread when he came to iron
it didn't get to have it and this is
like a version that you cannot miss so
chemo and this cornbread souffle and you
might pray oh what's this right here her
hair up and pony aah today trust me I
tried who's got a hair tie who's got a
hair tie I need to be schooled on the
art of ponytails cuz yeah seriously I'm
no good
I can't do it and it was necessary
melody was yes serious that's it messy
hair don't care
and there he is the man of the hour
grandpa how's it real in 89 damn good
when you wake up in the morning your
revolver your toe to top of your head
fever huge yeah so when you turn 89
that's a I've looked forward I go to the
doctor and they tell me I got an owie
he's allergic to age
that's it I'm gonna have eyebrows
getting you drunk and you're gonna have
nose growing out of my hair in my ears
but at least I'll have hair yeah that's
good
I got their birthday time to blot out it
I came about and get it spit on it look
at the other one Liza those are new
puppies that's it
oh my gosh my mom gun is to thank
you Oh puppy okay I roll out this cute
puppy hi there cutie
no one's right now yeah I don't know if
I mentioned it in one of the videos but
my dad's favorite yours Lana great not
way she's very very mean he'll take a
penny so we get it out so I like those
two precious little baby you see what I
have but we had to get new replacements
Oh baby
and the angel and Finn yeah I wouldn't
spend the night here
parson are you sure you want to stay
here with Grandma you don't want to come
home with your dad
my own time oh I'm gonna miss you buddy
one day only one day welcome exit homage
hey daddy
have fun don't play too much we it'll
rot your brain are you seriously gonna
say to warm I'm gonna miss you so much
are you sure you don't want to come home
with me at your crash course
you got no thumbs journey throughout
their while and out happy birthday
grandpa I love you happy birthday
everyone
Wow look at that sunset I look so cool
what a beautiful day god it's been such
a really really good thing there are a
lot of times kind of hanging out at the
parents house with Grandpa just what a
what an amazing accomplishments you
commissioned cinta 889 years is a long
time to live guys and my grandpa has
done it all he's been a personal
fisherman he built houses carpentry what
I mean you name it all he's the Jota
meat market I mean with God can do
everything can ugh learn so much from
him and I want you guys take that
opportunity to really you know your
grandparents are your link to the path
they are living history so take as much
as you can from them and learn like
learned so much my grandpa I'm sure you
guys can learn so much from your make
sure he's been good time
like we all won't be around forever so
yeah we're heading home now the kids are
standing my mom we were going to do a
fun activity night but they want to hang
out so you can't gotta let them do their
summer fun I'm getting ready to go home
and have a live stream it is Wednesday
hope you guys were able to make it by
this point you've already visited
weather we always have so much fun in
this which the links in the description
come check out to each camp contingent
good shadows I can't come check out the
Twitter show goes on for three and three
days a week
oh gee yeah okay about two and a half
hours later we are finished with some
pub G awesome stream tonight but what it
is current day and come here girl
I got a give echo a bath because she
smells so bad that's right you smell
what did you do you rolled in something
she smells like she rolled in like a
gunk or knock on something dead smells
horrible which leads us to the end of
today's video guys if you had fun
hanging out with us another kind of
chill random day working on something
really epic for this weekend got a
really good idea actually it's going to
be huge I hope you guys are going to
like it I'm sure you will but that's
where we're going to live before today I
want to say thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here next time
