last night I decided to try and play a
trick on the boys telling them after
they worked so hard and walked for so
long that I ate all of their Halloween
candy that they got here's how it went
to candy bags with only wrappers in it
the rest is perfectly safe hidden I'm
gonna make sure they get it back but I
just want to see their reaction if they
think we ate all of their Halloween
candy
I have a few more pieces than I thought
I would I kind of ate all your candy all
right
yeah
did you get on your mind you ate all of
it
look your bags right there ate all of it
why I was hungry
Betty are you mad are you mad at me okay
are you mad it's so much of the training
we're going to circle why so you can get
more candy and you guys can't get there
only I'm really mad at you why did you a
all-over candy you lemonhead Oh actually
wine hey I'm a lime head come here I
want to show you something come here
Jimmy
what he took all the candy out with the
wrappers you just put the wrappers back
in honey who would do that
where's the actual candy and he ate on
my Kit Kats no they're all in the bag
uh-huh uh-huh hey my Kit Kats nah all
your camis right there boys daddy didn't
eat a single piece then what are all
these braggers why did you get go blown
head out I took everything out
I just wanted to mess with you guys
that's all I know you could fool me not
guilty
