hey guys what's up how's your day hope
everyone's doing fantastic today Carson
just got home and look look who's up
Eliza's a week from her nap wait wait
wait you're just a big kid she totally
saw you ha ha ha hi baby girl
would he do it
good morning well good afternoon
actually look at her Oh baby girl
I heard you creep up on me dude
you trying to scare me I was actually
getting ready to tell you guys it's this
is what sucks about what I do there's no
time in my day look 36 minutes left to
export and we have to go it's time to
get the kids out to trick-or-treat so
vlog you saw yesterday grow up a little
later
that's why look at your hand Carson was
happening down your hand fell off oh
dude don't think I mentioned there's
this mattress here in our hallway and
then downstairs in the hallway where
Eliza was crawling yesterday the
boxspring amanda her cousin is taking
our old bed but she can't pick it up yet
so we're gonna set up beds I'm gonna
take him down the basement I think cuz
sorry dude oh I'm sorry um she's gonna
be going on vacation for a week I can't
have that there for a week mmm we're
almost ready to go has anyone seen Colin
where's Colin I don't have you guys seen
Colin
there is he didn't do it when I do it to
him
Nana's got the gold gold have one of
those in one of those thanks Jay how you
doing how's your week that's awesome
progress just some time 5:40 well
actually were 10 minutes late for
trick-or-treat you better get on it bro
come on let's go I remember when I was
younger
trick-or-treat would happen that like
dark so it was more scary people really
did up their houses you know what I mean
I remember getting scared too out of me
because someone was hiding in like a big
pile of leaves like this
don't do that no more Carson go get him
go get the Indian what there you go
well chief guy up here an Indian look at
him
Oh ma'am Isaac got a little a little
doggie costume
Liza okay your big floppy ears it's two
brothers trick-or-treating like
champions Carson what you got in there
let's see oh man you better step up your
game dude I would have had half of that
fool by now we got Michonne and the
armless zombie looking dad
thumbs up best one best one so far more
people should be wearing walking dead
cost I can't wait till this Sunday to
find out what happened what happens next
they're so good at doing that make art
or music or love not war that's
something to live by right there VW bus
you know they were at Woodstock Carson
just said something to me we've been
telling the boys to say Trick or Treat
and thank you candy what what did you
just tell me it's not nice people have
to say you're welcome
yeah I know I know
make sure you scare this girl
we're gonna film you scare ya keep
walking keep walking keep going to these
dudes yeah bro none of you guys keep on
going just keep on getting it what a
buzz what a buzz kill this guy
yeah peacefully where's your bag of
candy there is it we're all like
sniffily noses grandma yeah what are you
doing I can't eat ya I can't - are you
serious you're sitting there picking off
pepperonis yeah okay somebody no I don't
want that
did you love trick-or-treating yeah
Carson killed it yep no Liza's right go
home look she sucks her thumb hardcore I
hope that doesn't last too long but she
only does it when she's tired hi mom
we're out yeah yeah have a good night
I'll see you soon echo did you miss us
did you miss us echo huh did you miss us
so that's my dog who's happy to see us
that's for sure no bite
it's it's weird ever gets crazy at night
she like she likes to play in her fun
stuff but only like this she acts at
night it's like buying something to
everyone good night in Kherson I've
always wanted to mess with them and tell
them I ate at all Branca I wanted to
open every single piece of candy and
throw all the wrappers in here right and
then put the real stuff in Ziploc bags
and stuff but instead I'm gonna hide the
most of them in these little grocery
bags and leaving few wrappers in here
and tell them in the morning that we ate
all their Halloween candy - candy bags
with only wrappers in it the rest is
perfectly safe hidden I'm gonna make
sure they get it back but I just want to
see their reaction if they think we gave
all of their Halloween candy
you ate all of it with your bags why are
you mad are you mad at me are you mad
why so you can get more candy and you
guys can't get there only I'm really mad
at you why did you give me you lemonhead
Oh actually wine hey I'm the lime head
come here I want to show you something
okay
and yet on my Kit Kats no they're only
in the bag huh my Kit Kats no all your
candies right there boys daddy didn't
eat a single piece I took everything out
I just wanted to mess with you guys
that's all I know you can for me you
have fun at your Halloween party
okay the harvest party purpose pretty
shirt and I'm sorry for messing with you
and you candy I'll see you after school
love you really and you're clearly being
Superman yeah sorry for messing with you
if your candy is that yes sir yeah
I did I kind of did for you though
actually as you know what I think I'm
gonna leave this on the counter today
even though I cleaned up see really well
actually it doesn't quite smell like
coffee anymore I'd rather not risk it
have a fun character day okay
it's Friday I'll see you after school
love you Evan ooh Veronica's getting
ready she's got to take baby to a
doctor's appointment checkup like a
progress check out see how she's growing
yeah okay girls I love you come here
HECO love you okay I got I got the kids
on the bus I had some coffee I checked
my emails and Eddie pulled straight
through and sent me the video the export
that I was waiting for and I went
straight to work and I got all this
stuff lined up and this this timeline
looks kind of basic but there's like
some nested sequences in there and stuff
but I'm ready to export this trailer and
send it to to be scored
I can't wait to I can't wait to show you
guys so that's what I'm doing right now
I'm working on some of that stuff and
it's gonna keep me busy for a couple
more hours so listen thank you guys so
much for watching and I can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
