we still need Halloween stuff Cohen so
leads this to go with this costume and
this Liza
needs a costume thing since Liza which
wannabe hope you guys are doing well by
the way she doesn't know if she likes
this thing or not so I don't really care
for any of these costumes I found this
little Superman super one one will do -
you like it how do you like it so I
think that's what we're gonna go with
I'm gonna get these two things and stand
in this ridiculous
9:00 a.m. I decided I was not standing
in that ridiculously long line forever
probably just kept getting longer and
longer so I'm just gonna come back
tomorrow morning I know what I need I
know what I want
hopefully it's still there PACA lies up
and we're gonna go home and cook some
lasagna for dinner it's what she doing
we're just streaming you guys on the
blog long is here source up to the blog
guys get in there so you'll be
disappointed I didn't come home with
anything today I found what I needed but
the line was seriously like Oh cuz
tomorrow's trick or treat a mile long so
I'm gonna go back in the morning
they open at 9:00 a.m. Millian won't be
as long and then that's a good plan
yeah cuz I'm hungry I'm right down here
it's for the vlog it's for the vlog
shoutouts I don't see you guys thanks
for coming to twitch and hanging out I
love it I'm ending the stream and
Collins in there yelling for me dude how
do you toilet paper so classy haha I
know I didn't work she already saw me
he's trying to make funny did you tell
them what what they were doing no no
okay so Graeme took a Carson
out shopping for his birthday that's
coming up yep what did you do Carson
would you get Carson you'll see birthday
yep
Oh birthday why is this a surprise for
me oh actually calling it's working
so what are you wearing oh she's mad
Oh sweetheart what is this thing you in
is this like a whole bib here usual dish
I'll get from my chair I got down
there's a pie I don't starving the
delicious yeah I told them that I was
coming home to make lasagna well here it
is
I already tried to cut into it over here
to make sure the noodles are done
because I was using these oven ready
lasagna noodles which I've never used
before I didn't know how I would even
turn out well they seemed done to me
find out
wrong lies a run you're so good at
crawling
I'm pretty pretty stoked to see them
playing horror lies I could just lay on
the ground and COO or cry oh she crawls
like a pro yeah you're crawling like a
pro no lies ago we've had dinner it was
delicious
Colin still trying to finish what are we
watching on TV yeah yeah I actually
rented it last night but fell asleep
because I was so dead tired and we have
two hours left on the rental to finish
it so you need to hurry up so we can
watch this before you guys have to go to
bed yeah yeah yeah you're so jumpy
impromptu family movie night with the
surrounds this movie looks cool I'll let
you know how it is
all over I was pretty good you guys
actually know they know so much about
these dinosaurs in this whole movie they
have the video game over at Hannah's
house they play on the PlayStation was
what's the water darkness way the Mo's
what's the super smart on lock's
philosoraptor zan Intimus they can also
camouflage net that allows raptors put
in is game yeah carry that one else bed
Wow good morning - good morning - you
know that's nice of you calling say good
morning to everyone good morning
everyone
it's time for him to go to school
we're not running late today we think
dude it looks like fall all right it
looks like full yeah the one of that
trees completely lost their lead yeah
yeah hey tonight's trick-or-treat you
ready yeah
what are you being yeah we're gonna have
fun I don't know where we're gonna go
check the training but it's gonna be fun
I hope it's not cold cold as it is right
now get pumped for trick-or-treat love
you bet see ya lunch is packed
I realized yesterday I said peanut
butter and cheese sandwich that's that's
not what it was it was pepperoni and
cheese not peanut butter and cheese
there's early give me a break
grape with your breakfast buddy we got
you in a second oh my goodness
hey license in now what are you wearing
no babies he is a big old did you you
came from this angle then that's cute
you can't do that Kirsten you're done
with breakfast get your coat let's go
time to go yep we're getting ready for
Halloween trick-or-treat tonight how do
you love you that happened pretty
quickly that's good timing his bus came
register
nice nice and I forgot I didn't forget
but I didn't mention that when I dropped
calling off at the bus stop came back
home pulled in the driveway
I brought my cup of coffee i sat it
right here and I reached over to pick it
up and I miss aimed and hit the side of
it and the son of a beep fell half a cup
of coffee on see
okay so I'm upstairs doing some work and
finally Eddie's available for a Skype
call let's see what he's up to
let's just see what he's up to I mean I
wanted to hop on the Skype call with you
and put it in the vlog today because
because why because people are getting
crazy antsy about the release of the
legends of awesome trailer and episode 1
like yeah I know I saw that yeah and we
get it we get it for real but there's
some things like here's where we're at
with the trailer I've put everything
together right and I felt like there was
a lot of there's it bounces from
interview to action to interview to
action but I feel like in the current
cut there's more interview than there is
action so we needed to level things out
of it right and so it's been - Eddie's
Accord to capture some more of these
clips because I God knows there's no
action here if you look outside there's
no action here no action here so number
one we've been waiting on Eddie mess to
finish these clips which we now have and
number two once I put those pieces into
the vlog we have to then send that video
cut away to the UK to get a custom music
track that doesn't happen soon enough ed
you got a guy yes I got a guy oh yeah do
you think you can turn it over in one
day we might as well give them something
alright so check out whistling this is a
super Sneaky known as ever ever ever
ever seen this yeah you see my
technology will be you this is called
tiny planet 960 so this is 10 GoPro
Oh baby dude that's sick - I know it's
gonna be wagging look at this action
dude is still is still alone look at
that people are doing this guys I'm
still gonna use the best technology were
not - you're using the best
yo that'd be a sweet ass intro scene
like for every video that tiny planets
around from the side oh because this is
gonna be so epically cool these videos
it takes time it takes a lot of time
preparation because we don't want to
give up all this hype and then release
something that you guys are like what
the heck is that
no this is legends of awesome we're
gonna hold very high standards for these
videos and we want you guys to be
extremely stoked about what we're
producing so and so yeah that's why it's
kind of taking so long because we're
like I could have finished the trailer
currently with what we have and I
wouldn't have been happy with it so
that's Erica back there what up girl you
got something right
poor girls with moles they got to get
hassle for that all the time yeah it's
Marilyn Monroe right there all right so
yeah I just wanted to give you guys a
quick Skype update with Eddie right here
the two of us talking about what's going
on with legends awesome clearly we're
working on it please please please don't
lose faith when you see this stuff it's
gonna be awesome and we need actually
people to start lining up at the front
door to get into the club so this is
Club Loa right we've already got a
skater I'd like to see some more I'd
like to see some more crazy people roll
in like I want to see magicians already
got in one mind because you know
recently I went to go see rich Ferguson
he was such a good magician wakeboarders
sky skydivers
what L said oh yeah wait wait quarters
are so sick that's such an awesome sport
there's a unique individual we know that
isn't Texas and has a whole entire
private wakeboarding that closing
by cables I know I'm gonna say oh yeah
let's say bye to our wonderful lovely
gladiators over there love you
bye bye thank you for being patient
sorry for the wait as a little Wayne
would say hey guys give Eddie a big
thumbs up for that manly beard
it's no-shave November let's see how far
you can go well it's not quite November
yet but it's right there I want to see
it down to your teeth these beards gonna
have to be down to your teeth okay so
there you have it that's a little
explanation
legends of Awesomeness stuff that's
happening I actually I'm gonna have
another Skype call with another guy from
the UK who's going to help us out with
the legends of awesome website that one
I'm going to leave just for me because
I'm not sure if he wants to be on camera
but so so yeah that's where we're at
I'm gonna get cracking on some of that
stuff and I think that's we're gonna
leave you for today so I want to thank
you again so much for always watching
and smashing that thumbs up okay and
don't forget we will always see each and
every one of you right back here
tomorrow
