I know it's cloudy cold rainy welcome
back to Ohio good afternoon guys how are
you how are you from
how are you going how's school Oh baby
Simon
Karson how are you
is everyone excited to have daddy home
I know it was very difficult this
morning to take Carson back to school he
did not want me to go at all I use
crying I tried to drop them off at
school before I came about human he
freaked out
me yeah
that's good feels good to know
who's willing to play a little hooky to
make sure you saw dad we're on our way
to my mom's my mom invited us over for
tacos for dinner and the real reason is
I borrowed my grandpa's drill to put the
bed together before I left for her slow
town and
as soon as we get here I found cookies
on the table I eat one I'm like mmm
that's good
and then Eliza goes dad I think guys
good too she snatched it out of your
hand and ate it you got chocolate on
your mouths we are yeah
was that delicious that would be oh my
huh but you guys want to see me get in
trouble or get yelled at or something
like that this is so like when I was a
kid my grandma would yell at me for
taking tools out of shop and not putting
them back oh my gosh you have no idea
who's thinking so much trouble for that
so I'm about to go to the Jeep
oh there you take the drill back up to
Grandpa and I'm gonna bring you guys
along and see if he yells at me they're
gonna be incognito of out she doesn't
see the camera so we get more of a
genuine genuine lashing huh
wish me luck good luck if I don't return
it's because I haven't caught deep in
conversation what is it grandpa well
thanks for not killing me I love you
grandma I love you I'm good to see you
give me kiss give me kiss it's okay it's
like I miss my teeth love you I'm gonna
go eat some tacos and then go home let
your honey driving right yeah yeah she's
driving thank you darling night love you
too mom thanks for cooking talking well
well yeah we're just having them with
chips but there's there
big shells if you want okay okay
yo I'm seriously tired you know why
because last night on my flights I think
that I mentioned in yesterday's video I
the short flight was okay I had I had a
window seat but my second flight the
long flight I sat in between two dudes
one was a snorer I was in the middle I
did not I could not get comfortable I
was like neck broken I was awful
here you go home was it you ready go
home big nose like razor blade mom
thanks for the homecoming dinner honey
thanks for driving me home boys thanks
for being super awesome it's time to go
home Tom these boys good night did you
miss me yeah yeah you brought him home
I'm sorry we didn't get to play but yeah
we'll try again tomorrow tomorrow's one
taste first which day so that's so I
actually know what it's about
oh okay no but you have to do homework
first yeah okay I'm sick everyone good
night good night
tell our gladiators good night what was
I doing on the way home from my mom's
sleeping I literally couldn't keep my
eyes open
it's dark outside I was like oh I fell
asleep in the Jeep so I think what we
should do just probably postpone the
rest of the video until morning
ah time for school dude let's get it for
Colin had to run out real quick we
pulled out of the driveway as soon as
the bus was at the end of the road and
it just kept going like it saw me coming
and the buses kept going I'm like ah
I pulled up my god it is this weird the
Carson insists and I mean strongly
insists straight-out demands that he has
pickles he always wants pickles in his
lunch so peanut butter and cheese
sandwich juice cheez-its pickles now
like nickel spoke but they did I'm super
happy to be home man
oh there's your bus oh oh hey I love you
I'll see you after school be good be
good that's so crazy like the little
things that you miss when you go away
like waking up with the kids and sending
them off to school even though during
the daily routine like when you're home
for a while and you're doing that it
sucks to wake up the kids and get up
early but when you go away you don't
have those things it makes a difference
it really does you take it for granted
look how important it is to him we're
doing a little bit of morning cleanup
making the house look nice and fresh got
some bottles off there but just we just
got a call from Colin's school and I
having a book fair today Colin wants to
spend some money at the book fair and
get some books I'm all about that we
should we should encourage and support
our kids to read books
Oh on that note Carson brought home a
report they get tested every so often in
reading and it was it in the beginning
of the nine weeks he was tested right he
was at 2nd grade level yeah okay he was
tested again what's right here actually
let's see look at this check it out you
can read it if you want equivalent
scores range from point zero to twelve
point nine Carson over here Carson reads
a level equal to that of a typical third
grader after the first month of school
that's awesome Carson is super smart so
it's Colin I mean they're both doing
really well in school this year and I
couldn't be more happy
so yes Colin I'll bring you some money
to spend at the book fair so I come up
here in the mornings with my coffee and
I sit here and review questions and
comments and stuff Steven in particular
he's been looking for my explanation on
aperture ISO and shutter speed probably
not just the
but a couple of you I'm gonna give you a
shortcut check it out I want you guys to
find this video right here it's called
reviewing aperture ISO and shutter speed
by Brent
Weinbrenner and this is on lynda.com
okay if you don't know by now our
channel is sponsored by lynda.com which
is super cool and for that they're
allowing you guys all of you guys a free
10-day trial so go to lynda.com for
slash gladiators and you can hop in here
and watch this video Steven get in on
that if you guys also want to learn some
photography stuff this is a great place
to do it yeah take full advantage of
these sponsors you guys because I only
like to put in here the ones that I
think wool will benefit you and our
worthwhile so take advantage of that
also I've been throwing back the idea
like I sit here in the mornings and I
try and figure out like what do i what
do I want to do for the week so I had
this idea for fan mail that we do it
live instead of an actual video as you
know I'm I'm on Twitch now I do some
live streaming game play stuff and think
lives are really cool way for us to
interact and we're gonna try and do the
next fan mail video live and don't worry
if you can't catch it live it will be
recorded and we can upload it to the
channel it might be long because it's
not edited so you can catch it even if
you don't catch it live and later today
I am going to have a Skype call with my
partner in crime Eddie in LA and we're
gonna give you guys a little update on
the legends of awesome unfortunately
Eddie's been quite busy lately working
on a couple projects with some really
big people so I can't I can't
like say dang Eddie it's just Eddie's
been really busy I've been really busy
we kind of had to put some things on
hold but it's in the works and it's very
very close I promise you that but we'll
hop on a Skype call with Edie later so
we can talk about that I think it's time
for me to take a shower get a haircut
what do you think took my hair look look
you guys this is when you know it's time
to
get a haircut you see my sides they're
getting kind of long I was just looking
at like what they so I think I'm gonna
hop in the shower and we're gonna go get
a haircut I also want to mention tonight
it's Wednesday night so we're gonna
stream on Twitch tonight I got a brand
new game for us to play i pre-ordered it
months ago because I'm a huge fan
I'll give you a quick look okay that was
it that was it that was it I'm getting a
shock who you playing with who are you
 with are you playing with the
puppy echo come here there's that girl
what's up Becca
I'll give her a bathroom I can wrong
yeah
you feeling good Martha are you happy oh
my god you look so happy
look at those strawberry but oh I'm
gonna go to the gym now oh and then get
my hair busted after and then we gotta
get ready for our livestream later later
tonight I'm trying to build some cool
like window styles okay there's a
picture-in-picture in the corner where
you see me but you can make like little
cool boxes and graphics and stuff on
there all they have to be like pngs with
transparency for overlays and stuff like
that it's kind of technical but I'm
trying to spice up the twitch stream
because I don't know if you've realized
yet but I'm partnered on Twitch and I
haven't done a stream since I got
partnered because I left out of town I'm
just excited to get that kind of stuff
going so girls I'll be back okay we'll
be here
I love to drive you crazy you drive your
head crazy golly she's commuting she's
accused thing on earth
all right all right that felt good I
felt good to get in the gym I'll tell
you one of these days I'm gonna get a
whole like weight bench of the set of
weights and maybe one of those cable
machines and set them up in the basement
so I can just work out at home and
cancel the membership I mean I like
coming into the gym and stuff but it'd
be a lot easier if I didn't have to
drive to do it
usually when you guys say something
about besides you're getting along I
feel it you see it it's time to get a
cup
so that time-lapse pretty much ran me
right out of battery mmm
but yeah all right guys I'm back home
the camera died on me so Carson's home
ah we're gonna get ready for our twitch
stream and it's vlog without all that
kind of stuff maybe have an after-school
snack Carson is actually going birthday
shopping with a Grammy mm-hmm and out to
dinner I bet that's gonna be fun and
Veronica's gonna go get some Halloween
costumes for the kids I believe trick or
treats tomorrow night so that's gonna be
so cool
super scary bro so that's what we're
gonna leave you for today I'm gonna go
wash my hands he's gonna go watch it
thank you so much for watching and
joining us we really do appreciate I
can't thank you enough for being out so
we will see you all right back now
tomorrow
