we're starting off hard there in a
little place called Creole cafe it's
like a spicy Cajun style in entire menus
my some Cajun someone decided to try it
out
dennis is still back at the room working
on a video it's early it's only 8
o'clock I couldn't film on my back had a
hands full but check it out dude this is
how you start the day boom eggs bacon
hashbrowns coffee Wow
breakfast was good my shower was even
better and Richards here now I was just
asking I guess I edited yesterday's
video and you guys didn't tell me I had
stuff on my face after we had lunch
after we had lunch white creamy stuff
running down well it's our last day here
we're about to go hit the streets and
try and wrap this thing up I think we're
gonna revisit some of the pranks that
we've already filmed it's gonna be a lot
of fun it's kind of sad to kind of sense
so everyone at home follows Gilroy check
this out
think of a card right now you got it you
know who's gonna blow your mind
that's your card boom at least one out
of 52 you got blown right now the rest
you said that's suck but that's cool
it's all good but some of you whoa right
he's messing with us and literally asked
me because what you think hurt know is
that the ace of spades and he literally
just goes Fink and flips it out just
like that that was not that was not
rehearsed either this door is so jacked
up
if you close it it doesn't tell
this hotel is rich just went in we
imagine that door catch it's it's
screwed now he's locked in here screwed
up you're screwed buddy this door
doesn't work you can't not supposed to
close it
thank you that window brother I'm
telling this doorknobs nuts I'm gonna
hell but I'm getting you out of there
yeah good luck that windows smaller than
that cave hole dude walked in there
myself I had a bang on the door you all
because you went in and shut the door
warning went in there to go pee and he's
sitting there banging on the door hey
come and help him get out I wish I could
be sad that I'm leaving this hotel but
yeah this room number 103 America's best
in know where his best value come by and
see us tonight we'll be here later dude
be fun what hang up this hotel way
overpriced yeah yeah oh sure
our bus is leaving dude all right so
we're out in the beautiful Cal Poly
campus we got Dennis and rich over there
we decided to redo or revisit rather the
the chief prank it's funny you know the
one where he like knocks into the pole
and he spits his candy cane teeth Oh
the reactions here perfect all right
we're back downtown slow town and before
we go we're gonna visit this little spot
here rocket fizz candy shop because I
feel like the gum wall was like a
pivotal point a pivotal location for our
trip and we can't leave without putting
gum on that gumball
sorry good some gun big giant it will
you hold this for me please don't don't
let the headphones hit the gum that's
pretty gross
this stuff is the best how are you
recording with no hands hmm how are you
recording this with no hands up to me
impressive I've gotten better over time
we see that where'd you find it you
stuck it on there second on somebody's
wedding photo ha ha ha horrible well
someone's got like a collection of jokes
up here this is my contribution
I think it should be right here OOP
alright that's often feel like dumb you
guys ever come to San Luis check out our
gum dennis is going is lower my gums up
there it's up there we're getting ready
to film down prison outside again these
guys can't figure it out
sorry aside I take a break here here to
do a cool I don't like don't okay
alright I gotta climb down alright no I
gotta stay up here otherwise how you
gonna film it okay okay we just finished
filming and that's a wrap yeah Dennis
Dennis Dennis stop no no you saw the
clip we were up there in the corner
doing Instagram photos and we were
filming some other stuff right when we
were finishing this last clip over here
a motor cop a bike cop come up here and
he goes were you guys up on the edge we
got it on footage where you guys up on
the edge we go yeah we were just filming
something oh okay we got a call about a
jumper get a lot of those around here
you want me to take a picture yeah I can
do that stuff we finished our filming
here in slow town and now we've got
probably
and a half hours before we have to go to
the airport so we're just gonna have fun
no cameras well well camera you guys
could come but it's just fun we're just
gonna mess around the head knocking into
the sign prank I might even write Dennis
is challenging me hey you're on it you
gotta do it before we go you gotta do
the face smack busted teeth but these
ones you think are your audience your
audience wants this is you prank - well
like have fun with us you know just
behind the camera that's true I bet I
bet I can pull it off Dennis all right
here we go
yo watch out for that sign dude dude
I'm here
he's doing it chases she's going in
Porsche I film from this cubby this
cubby over here
to your boy pull it off I'll be right
good
she saw my camera I'm a horrible camera
guy
that's good did I very convincing
you yeah so she said very convincing and
did the way I film that you're gonna be
like damn dude that's it good give a
thumbs up for this video for the way I
film chase yeah dude I did a good job
the way I feel
give it this video thumbs up for the way
I've filmed her boy chase it was on the
feeling the prank it was just it was
beautiful to no good
Oh all-sky nothing else top your head
alright but tell them what we're gonna
do now because I'm not thoroughly
excited about we're taking chases first
I have another block another matter when
you're ending massaging when you want to
do it huh
we're going to your first ever happy
ending massaging
happy ending yeah they're gonna rub your
feet and they're gonna rub your hands
give you a handjob
and a foot and your ankles and your
shoulders they're taking them to the
massage parlor let me just be clear I've
never ever ever done anything like a
saucier pedicure but when in San Luis
Obispo do you do real Chinese
reflexology foot chair and full-body
massage I'm a virgin
you've never had any you know right I've
never I've never done this yeah
you're gonna help me yeah well
definitely fart around oh wait you got
your shoes off yeah I'm not done oh my
goodness
oh that's good oh yeah man really like
shoulders though so much a customer
that's a pretty uh relaxed experience
that was very very cool never had a foot
massage before but I took some notes so
that way when I go home I can get
Veronica super awesome big yeah I
suppose that like hot water with oh my
gosh
even if I fail I can always send her but
I'd like to at least try
senator Maternity yeah I thought we sat
down after our foot massage to get a
little food before I fly look at my my
thing my email in like like wait a
second I thought my flight was 7:45
looked down the thing that this 7:15 I'm
like wait wait wait why does this say
7:15 time flies when which birds do
imagine I know he's showing us magic
card tricks and I'm like wait at 6:20
for my place is 7:15 oh crap we got to
go so we have two things working for us
slow town is very small I've been taking
the time to get across this Airport
right here literally it was only like
five to seven minutes besides the San
Luis Obispo Airport
as you're checking their security but
the actual landing strip is like
surrounded
yeah yeah I felt it on the way in great
right here
hi guys I'm bout ready to go through
security checkpoint but rich I wanted to
say thank you so much for your
hospitality on the road friendship
there's so much fun to hang out with you
and meet you and everything hey before
before I go yeah dude yeah not you see
not while you you know it's you see man
about the other day when I say you see
Mel but I had everybody know they'll do
it but I was thinking about it when I
tell people they probably look in type
in him why oh you s you know I got
things out can you show us a card trick
show your card tricks let's check this
out
shuffle off a little bit Dennis you're
gonna help me out here just take a
couple cards remember them remember I'm
showing the camera real quick they put
them in here just put them here anywhere
you want okay so they come in different
stuff it's about to watch it I'm gonna
speak guys watch watch watch watch watch
it's gonna go in right watches it square
it up watch it boom whoa quick people
want to learn it yeah all right so this
is just a visual trick it takes no skill
at all it's really just a really laying
kind of setup but it's very deceiving
especially if you do it to people that
don't know card very well
let me just make sure I got a setup
right I'm like one small that's cool
correction and here we are so what
you're gonna do is you're gonna you're
gonna force these two cards on them and
I'll show you how to do that in a second
and then on the top and the bottom of
the deck are the same - but they're
reversed six of clubs and nine of Spades
six of spades nine of clubs reversed
because they look so similar right right
on top and bottom so sandwiched on top
to bottom are those two the opposite -
those two are right here put those on
top take the deck out of the packet go
hey we're gonna try a trick just pretend
a shuffle or do some fancy fake shuffle
if you know how to or take them like
this and make sure you drop the bottom
first and then this and make sure those
last few we're on top still on top yeah
put them together and you still have
those two on top and the deck is still
sandwiched by those two either way just
you don't even have to do anything is
here as a non magician you could just
pull some decks out set up and just be
hey you want to see something check this
out here take these two cards remember
oh my god oh yeah gone and now they see
these two cards they go into the deck
Randa
don't lift it up so they can see the
bottom card very stupid they go in here
they're gone and just out of basic
physics these top and bottom cards stay
by themselves they have no choice right
so I always do them really pick my cards
I don't know you're seeing two that are
similar and you think they're yours
isn't that wrap so while I go boom and
then the deck falls out and you're left
with two cards which you they think are
their cards that's good it's just a
complete swap yeah so on video you'd be
like on video they'd be a rewinding it
go that's that's dumb idols aren't the
same person first time one shot they
would be full yeah absolutely
that's cool dude that's the reason for
it that's awesome I guess you'd say
partner - partner - crazy skillful you
don't know you don't need to know how to
switch cars and do sleight of hand and
none of that stuff that's awesome so
enjoy that
that's awesome thank you for that you
guys thumbs up for rich super fun
hanging out with them but it's time for
me to go through security we're gonna do
oh my gosh all right brother cool it's
nice to meet you dude very nice PJ's
have a safe flight home I'll see you
back home work good buster
watch laughs yes waffle ass
thank you there's our bird
all right what's up Phoenix I think I
have two hours here and then discharged
so I'm super bummed I was trying to
download the news episode of The Walking
Dead cuz I missed it and I even paid for
Wi-Fi but I couldn't get it downloaded
in time I'm in the center seat
so I came to him take off this time I'm
gonna take a nap
I'm ready to Charlotte
the last time I was here would be the
same time that I lost my iPad now we're
so bad I can just go down the street and
get it back cuz I know exactly where
it's at but I'm gonna get on my last
plane get the heck out of here
ah home sweet home the only thing is I
gotta wait for Veronica to pick me up
together she had to do the kids on the
bus for school and boy is it cold out
there
were you at baby girl he wouldn't think
of it a school who is that over there oh
let me get you baby oh my baby
hi buddy did you miss me yeah Here I am
let's play good that baby girl oh good
to be home
nice huh
hi baby give happy heart baby hmm
sweetheart I gotta take Carson's kök'
and they'd be right back all right guys
we're home
excited to be home for sure I got my
girl got another girl named I can't wait
for the boys to get home I'll tell you
one thing I'm certainly tired up all
night didn't sleep very well on the
planes at all and I need to get some
food a shower and a little nap we might
be able to catch up on the walking dead
of a certain mist that's what we're
gonna leave you guys listen thank you so
much for coming with us on our trip it
was a ton of fun and I want to leave you
with this it's one thing to travel the
world and see all these things
experience all these things but what
really matters is coming home to the
people you love
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see all of you right back
here tomorrow
