what's up guys good morning rich is
gonna be here any second to pick us up
he's been he's been messing with Dennis
a lot lately isn't really mess with me
so today I'm gonna hide behind this door
open what there is it is one shot of
anything going in the cave and going in
the son of a bitch oh my god oh you
scare me all you jumping by the park but
I'll tell you I will kick an hour
good morning dude I will say ah you did
get a rip shot are you okay dude the
fire muscle my neck just quick miles
quick movements when you're tired in the
morning and you're over 40 dude I'm 45
dude you did like a hamster wheel can't
do that double front flip before you
start at these muscles my neck like flex
too quick and they're like I'd probably
be all like whiplash tomorrow you're
awake now oh camon look that way without
like a pain but it could be because of
all the cave shit yesterday yeah yeah
head drop and then him yanking my head
off I bet you it's a combination of all
that yeah more tampons medicine that
medicine things got 15 minutes they
forgot their bus pass they're trying to
find it
we're up on top of this parking garage
we're about to shoot some interest stuff
check this out this is this is a big
part of what we do shooting interest and
they can be quite hilarious so just so
just watch us here I'm gonna say you
guys down here like this and you're
gonna watch all this yeah though here
some stuff one and the audio levels on a
double-double is zero negative two
okay so you wanna know how to prank
today rich Ferguson and I are gonna show
you three easy public pranks you can do
on your friends and family
so you want to know how to pray today
rich through this and I'm gonna show you
three easy Frakes you can do in public
for the first prank we're going to
switch the signs on a public door push
pool for the first prank for this prank
we're going to go to a door that pools
for this prank we're going to go to a
door that only pulls and we're gonna
tape push sign on today and do the
opposite for a door that only cools then
we're going to watch people walk into
the doors and it's going to be like here
check it out only imagine was like no
matter who's filming the interest is
always so funny how awful is this we
start doing our push poll how to prank
video right we put the signs on the door
old guy comes by looks at it funny goes
in and tells the manager and she comes
out with a fury takes his things off the
door so we did one one piece and it was
ruined by the old guy - you old guy you
should yeah you something now Dennis is
actually fashioning new less elaborate
push cold fronts these guys been going
crazy running into us like signposts all
day spittin teeth now making people
think they're hurt
and we're turning that into a whole
video but it's very tiring it's got
quite warm out and so I think we're
gonna break for lunch
I set my back down to get a shot over
there by the rocks and this lady comes
to me she goes excuse me was that your
black hammer bag I'm like yeah what do
you mean was she goes some man just came
by and took it I said is he bald she
goes yep
Dennis did they say bad things about me
they said a lot of other things was it
this one or this one and what is your
policy about throwing people over the
edge look who just showed up rich and
Dennis are concerned with magic watch
all this take five like this just tell
me on the stock no right yeah which one
put five minutes five years we're
finished with food and rich goes let's
get cookies one cookie cookies
fresh-baked I think I'll go for that
still be remodeled
so sorry
the video should be called how to make a
guy take a shirt off instantly then this
is going around doing what he does best
you saw you just literally walking down
the sidewalk popping this little sticky
spider on people to town all right from
one video to the next we got the big
camera out now we got some signage and
Dennis is wearing his costume I don't
need to explain anything you know where
this is going
you know where this is going lucky for
us every bench in this city is green and
looks exactly like that these guys are
setting up the bit on that guy right
there right there sitting on that bench
this is gonna work it's 5:22 and people
are starting to fizzle out of town it's
like here we need their zero motion
involved that's a linear decision of
life we need more people to be sitting
on these benches because we need more
for this video this is the thing like
when you're doing real authentic genuine
pranks all day takes a little - one
stupid shot yeah yeah that's true that's
why it's hard work like you have to
appreciate the hard work that goes into
making these real genuine videos real
look this is real real grass real grass
not that fake stuff I saw in LA I'm
impressed
we've reached the end of our day well
not completely the end but our Sun our
Sun Sun it's our son didn't cease
getting crazy we just finished filming
outros up here on this rooftop or the
parking garage and it's it's just like
wow look at that I mean seriously it's a
pretty cool sunset pretty cool this is
actually our last night in slow town
tomorrow at 7:45 I hop on a plane to go
back to Ohio which I'm pretty excited
about missed the kids but I tell you
what rich I've had a lot of fun with you
man
Fontana you're an all right guy thank
you yeah oh right here
look at that we got part of the Sun a
part of the moon right now trying to
capture that look at that right yeah a
little sick that's gorgeous
this is the part look we've jumped into
the evening right tomorrow the last day
we're trying to get this last video
dinner we won't make it but we're
striking out we're running out of people
like so weird there's nothing there's
not very many yes it's fun together the
does plastic announcing oh yeah hey
Gary's Hogwarts - I guess - hang on I
got a garage warning pagar√° street hot
pokers
buggery buggery buggery ran nogueira
what I don't fuckin speak English what
are you saying your feelings on now
today when in my neck I have a slipped
disc and I got some chafing right here
from the fiberglass thing wrapping up me
lots of pretty people phenomenal weather
good food yeah we ate some food today
didn't know my god we ate like kings
dude let the city to eat and drink if
you want to come have fun we're going
out of Kade heal faster running around
this contraption
being hunched in the cave Butthead it's
high up cuz I can read so I can pick up
the mask on my hands and knees you guys
in class no I got cuts I got literally
cut on my neck and in my house there is
but I got shards in my skin in my back I
got a cut I got a cut
I got cuts in my knees from crawling
about three hours problem in that cave I
got a little cut to Loras and saying
that's what we do for you people
I mean misdirection to miss dick rection
to try to pop you in the balls dinner
place all right
I worked hard today rich worked hard
today it's a prank it's a prank
we had to do a little sore though he's
not sore world both hurt her feet her
legs hurt we're hurting he's just like
cameraman weak for 12 hours now okay
delete this don't even show it you don't
don't do anything no this is proof that
when it happens I told you I'm regaining
my breath rich rich put the knife down
oh yes getting back for me dude Oh
nighttime knife fights all night whoo we
tried so hard on this prank today what
if it's not straight dude Dennis look at
this look 3028 minutes before you hit me
in the nuts fart like you fart stink
dude dad he let me use this mobile Wi-Fi
look we'll just go down I gotta get one
of these dude it'll keep going and going
going
so today was a good day filming a little
stressful
right
the people everything on these videos
depends on the people that we interact
with right and then sometimes it works
out sometimes it doesn't
we got the video it was very tough it's
almost like fishing all day and you
don't catch the fish you wanted to catch
we walked so much today just to give you
a clue of how much we walked my step
goal today was 6788 right
my actual was 13,000 568 that's over
double now we're gonna just hang out for
the rest tonight relax maybe watching TV
into some video yeah you can tell them
goodnight yeah yeah we'll see all you
guys right back here
