what's up guys good beautiful morning
beautiful we're up ready welcome to the
good beautiful morning TV show number 73
good morning this is Dennis Roady and
chase Gilroy we're gonna talk about good
beautiful morning
let's top it up let's talk about this
look I found on your bed what is it what
is it it's white and it's dry I don't
really know I don't see how this days
look I got yesterday's vlog exporting
and it's everything's ready the only
problem is we have to leave now and I
don't have time to upload it thank you
but we're gonna go to Rich's yeah we're
going to Rich's house so we'll upload
there and I think for the rest of this
trip I'll probably not do my normal
split day videos and I'll edit it at
night so sorry about that no matter
where you go there's always Buber good
morning my friend what's your name Frank
Frank chase nice to meet you all right
you see that peak up there that is where
we're filming today oh oh fuck dude what
the hell was that dude
was that the break drink yeah so you
can't see it from here but right
straight up there cuz this massive
Mountain little mountain we're climbing
the prank today is pretty cool involving
a severed hand a gorilla mask rich
Ferguson will be acting in some trail
signs mmm-hmm is the cave open cave is
now open it's now open yep it's open for
business but it's open for college kids
to get the shit scared out of them not
only do we have to climb up this thing
but we have to do it with all our gear
its minimum gear but still it's that is
wicked we haven't even begun nepali
scale this thing and I don't think we're
going all the way up because the cave
we're here shoot is over that way
but look at this look at this it's
incredible
it's so big that's what she said right
look you know hi oh you know we don't
see that kind of stuff these big giant
mountains it's so beautiful
this is it where's chase filming well he
can film from the side right here side
view well what are they gonna see that
where are they gonna see it who's a bay
viewers arms the people here yeah okay I
think I need to go in there and check
this out you want out should we take all
the gear I don't leave it out there
behind me I'm saying to come in here you
want to go check it out
hold on check it out we need a
flashlight though oh it's so cool it's
nice off this is not as far back up up
and over then it jumps in different
average of cavities there you go up keep
going oh my gosh there's all kinds of
candles yeah I don't have to be a
lookout drop to the left goes another
room that splits off the two different
rooms
no I talked about hiding spots huh I
can't even believe what's up hey dude
it's really creepy back here cuz there's
all these little time as possible to
always check this out
well three frogs are what is it - lizard
oh those are back in here some kind of
lizard
you guys were literally inside a cave
under the but I would see how far back
you know I love the king there's no
money spiders in this we're going in
there he doesn't want to go no bro I've
been in there just the spider was in
there oh he's big now but he's afraid
some spiders not just I went all the way
deep back in there you but the spiders
are huge when I saw that thing I ran out
of there because it's big killing them
they had time to grow him the big
fucking spider spider was as big as this
bother oh man we've been in the cave now
for like hours straight we've had
probably seven or eight different people
come back some people yes a couple
really good reaction some people
actually continued on going into the
cave and explored back there britches
masks all look soggy wet wet gorilla
what man I can't wait to get out here
look what could these gnarly spider webs
these things are all over back here I
swear to god that's not baby I know it's
not a tree frog back there so
we just climbed out of the hole poor
riches all scraped up his knees down my
eyes that's probably not true truly we
made people's day nice because we took
these in Explorer somebody actually I
didn't even see that is this the college
yeah so we're moving on we're gonna go
get some lunch I came out of here first
thing I'm like I'm dying Thursday open
my bag to get my water and my walk my
water rolled all the way down hey don't
touch my water Dennis Oh Dennis Oh
someone needs to kick him we're not just
shooting that today we have two other
yeah two other videos to shoot today and
it's already 1 o'clock I can't get over
that view look at that in that okay I've
been waiting on this this morning when I
got the worst cup of coffee ever tasted
Korea
Yeah right across right across from the
ATM prank remember going in there we
took a break and we got a ball
they think I'm inside go in the bathroom
how long should we wait came back to the
hotel to get some stuff
what's the man's fucker oh yeah the man
wash them here yeah you know worse than
you're not used to working with children
come on hmm one child you saw I'll do
sock so you really saw here we go I've
never seen anyone put cards like that
before
here we go a flying card hurts bro
you have no idea you should mark fuck
you missed my heart it's yeah oh yeah so
we're about to go back uptown and start
filming another video
Denison Richardson what we go through
pranks that's only a part of it we're
gonna spice it up with something even
more incredibly yeah tres leches wife
made a delicious look at this delicious
chili homemade Pony open it help me out
here corn bread and cheese freshly
shredded cheese yes we're getting so
close to filming this bit but here's the
thing like rich your magician right
and as you know magicians don't reveal
their tricks or their secrets right so
there's a fair amount stuff um that this
is a magic trick essentially very
elaborate magic trick so I can't really
show you all the little workings of this
unfortunately behind the scenes on this
one it's gonna be a little lacking
but it's good when you see the video
you're gonna it's gonna be so cool check
this out we are inside a parking garage
probably one of the most not the most
but it's definitely a creepy place to be
at night especially if you're a girl all
by yourself especially if you open up
those doors and a murder scene ensues
and it's really mm-hmm
yeah so we're concept in this idea to
create this head drop thing eating an
elevator as someone pushes the button
and the elevator is called and someone
is waiting for the doors to open and as
soon as the doors open this poor guy
yeah and he had to do someone yeah
that's gonna be super all right so we
stopped filming for a minute to sit down
to kind of regroup and get everything
back together
decided to mess her
rich by taking his water I want to put
white wine in here oh why why not oh you
meant vodka okay this is totally obvious
it's got bubbles he's gonna so nervous
who knows maybe
the fire again
I didn't work out very well
just spit it right out
- these are the best entertainment I've
ever had both of you together oh my gosh
nice I can't do that one it's 11:50 -
long day eh boys all those are mine
those are my shorts Sorry Sorry you put
in the hardest work of us all today yeah
I did this was richest day wasn't that
later dude
oh man you know what I wish this place
had more than Angie asked me what I wish
this place had more than anything a hot
tub yeah bro all right guys so we're
gonna call it a night we're gonna get
some sleep and hit it tomorrow I think
that that that that's all we got for you
that's it that's all for today then it's
final words yeah thank you guys so much
for watching we can't wait to see all of
you right back here
