good day guys welcome to our journey to
San Luis Obispo one more flight finally
there
let me first say that
this is really smart work what's such a
cool place play into all I saw for my
great field
and of course the mountains
it's beautiful okay so we've made it to
Sandy's this is a beautiful place the
guy that we're gonna be hanging out with
picking me up from the airport and I
always find it to be very rude to just
off the bat shove a camera someone's
face and say welcome to the vlog no so I
spent some time with our buddy here but
before I show you who we're with Dennis
is on his way we'll be spending the
weekend with Dennis and I'll say it's
gonna be a very magical weekend because
we're hanging out with you may know it
may not this is rich Ferguson you've
seen them on Leno you've seen him on
Ellen you've seen him on the Today Show
rich is a magician by trade
and a very very funny guy if you don't
know who he is check out his youtube
channel right now letter U the letter C
magic if you just type in rich Ferguson
that's how it's like somebody Ferguson
there's a lot of prank social experiment
magic all kinds of crazy shenanigans on
there yeah man we're gonna have a blast
with Genesis week dude I can't wait I've
got some pretty easy stuff yeah we were
actually just talking about some of the
things that we're gonna do this weekend
one of which is a scare prank and it's
the perfect time of year for scare
pranks he's got a good one planned so go
check out his well what's the title of
the head is it head drop head drop yeah
the head drop prank super funny and then
definitely go preview the hundred dollar
bill trailer yeah so Dennis will be here
at approximately 1:30 wrong we're gonna
go get some food and just kind of powwow
so get excited for this weekend because
it's gonna be so so much fun the rich is
taking us to a place to eat you know we
just have done traveling you gotta get
spot beautiful tried to Sam
this little guy right here Firestone
grill as you can see it looks very
popular dude this place is serious
you were a kidding this is this like the
best spot in town we're like meet for
like just good beer hamburgers
tri-tip it's insane
about to break my Firestone grill
cheering
this is over there holding our table bar
over here
dude it's like it's like magic this is a
small like maybe small fries small salad
the big salad from LA here in a Camaro
ow
enough talk let's see here we got done
eating rich music I want to show you
guys gum name but literally look at this
entire wall but really that's one of the
most disgusting things I've ever seen on
it but no I mean I guess I've seen
homeless dudes that balance there will
be all these beautiful people so you
have to have disgusting it balance it
out I've never seen anything like that
before that's crazy
just two walls full of gum we're going
back just gonna have to keep my camera
roll in this little town is the coolest
place
there's there's a fireball water bottle
barb oh that's so cool rich rich just
came up with a pretty genius idea and
we're gonna mess with in us yes this is
on his way here to our hotel to check in
there's no other there's no other rooms
in the area in the entire county it's
family looking for the college there's
no rooms available in the entire county
this is the last two rooms he got and he
spent hours trying to get him so we beat
him here he thinks he thinks that we're
gonna be sitting there waiting for him
right that's where I just went in to
talk to the guy and said here we're
gonna mess with our buddy which says
tell him that the room mr. did is Rudy
you cancelled your room yeah there's no
available sorry sir this is gonna go to
check it and he's gonna tell him you
canceled your reservation but we're
gonna wait out here and wait for him to
pull into the hotel then we're gonna
follow him in because we just got here -
it's gonna be awesome he's gonna be
pissed
there's no rooms available so
technically at this point we haven't
seen that guy in there but we're gonna
go in and act like I'm gonna text him to
find out where he's acts I want to make
sure we're all on the same page here
this is gonna be so epic yeah
he's gonna be so upset are you serious
they're film film is serious he's
pulling in right now he's gonna go right
try another serious with the top down
I'm gonna be from about all you
beat us you punk out you beat us mm-hmm
all right it's time to be normal okay
this is so good
Oh timing you know you gotta wake up
early - prankster prankster that car
looks good on you Dennis yeah yeah on
the drive it really brings out the
highlights in your hair
oh god he's oblivious he has no idea and
so many problems online stuff like what
did you know all he really did was
Priceline - don't ever use online crap
you don't have a right now because of
that what the what you did is not
you sure - didn't cancel
if he finds the proof of the
confirmation I hear is there anything
you can do about it anyways I'm
completely sold out today
yeah but all the people checked in yeah
yeah how would it be canceled I
understand
shut up - you should be dependent make
the phone calls like I told you I know
the area did I just tell you but I
just think just like tip I do this
collab with people these Joker's
come in they think they have their
together trying to impress me with their
bookings and then like look what happens
look what happens bro you my buddy like
we cancel the reservation on your sad
joke bro this guy right here playing log
if you're so good you're so good this
guy so good
your next guy bro you should open up
there this is Rich's backyard looky
there you don't want to eat in there
this direction this guy I was telling it
everyone saw it just now it happened he
put this on me he got me earlier with
his little Larry Popp and all day ya
know but seriously there is a spider
here look at this web you can't really
see it no you can see it look at that
web there's a colorful spider is up in
here body
this is Rich's workspace and his his
gear is magic stuff your your briefcase
is a lot different from other people's
briefcases not everyone has a slot
machine in their house well that's true
too
we just spent probably two hours down
here figuring out what we're gonna film
exactly what days we're gonna bill
quarters there's a mixture of real
quarters in but now we're gonna grow up
town get some supplies
I'll get sanity to come back and start
filming
Dennis doesn't wait for a changing room
do it Dennis don't be shy I don't be shy
then we're getting ready to do one of
our first break and it involves this
chair rich designed this prank long ago
and it's pretty much man inside the
chair cushions type deal we've 30 to 45
minutes to an hour
it's that means for a has a narrower
gotta be on like duty of like getting
ready and because it yeah yeah so I
means I gotta get my butt in here within
30 minutes and then potentially sitting
here for 30 minutes how to do the prank
and they just let me and you don't even
order pizza two hours later he's over
there that's funny which rich lady said
he's almost here thank you yeah rich see
you tomorrow
you have anything in the truck
yeah anything I don't you have that dead
body he got that I got the dead body
we're good on that I might as well look
why not know later that's for me this is
going up today yeah oh yeah all right so
you guys get to look forward to a new
video on Dennis's how to prank channel
they were shot last night I think the
more important question is how do you
sleep in those pants okay okay I came
home and crashed last night I didn't I
wasn't feeling it so you gonna go take
the car back I'm gonna edit this video
and we're gonna go we're gonna go film
some no all right guys so I'm gonna get
up get going get some coffee edit this
video and we're gonna go film some or
just some stuff today so make sure you
come back thank you guys so much for
watching that's where we leave you will
see all of you right back here
