hey guys what's happening I got a little
job to do today the Jeep's have been
acting up and we've determined that it
needs a new starter I've ordered the
part it's ready for me to pick up but
like when you order parts like that you
have to have the core right so that
means when I go to pick it up I have to
have the old starter or else they charge
me a core fee a core charge or something
like that it's almost like 40 bucks
which is just half in the price apart so
we're gonna go fix the Jeep I don't have
the power tools that I need to do it I
need air tools so Jay has agreed to come
help me we're gonna go to this dad's
shop has all the tools we're gonna fix
this thing right meow you girls gonna be
okay without me for a little bit no you
think so okay I'm glad everyone's
looking and feeling fresh today
especially you mrs. Potato beard so I'm
gonna see if I can capture it on film
the actual problem that we're having so
if we put the key in and listen oh great
okay no it started right off that time
I'll try and catch it if we stop again
but I'm not gonna stop until we get to
the garage
and we'll try it over there all right
we're here let's see if I can recreate
this that's it that's the BI T you know
what the starters out but the amount of
time it took for me to get there is
pretty ridiculous check out what we had
to do under here I had to take out the
drive shaft to be able to get to where
the starter is right here and I can't
get it out because the o2 sensor is like
locked in so I have the drive shaft like
literally lodged up here so I could get
enough clearance to wrench out the two
bolts for the starter well I think it
took took me about two hours now we got
to get the new part pretty sure I can
throw that back together with quickness
now we got the new starter up in there
she's brand new everything's back
together we got the heat shield back on
the drive shaft is bad I have a blood
blister but that's pretty much it now
it's time to see if it starts the wires
are hooked up to it yes
cross your fingers yay here we go oh yes
oh yes David does it twice in the room
then we know we're good oh yeah I'm
gonna tell you what it feels so good to
fix that myself and I couldn't have done
it without the help of old Jay right
here thank you so much and I want to
urge you guys to use a little bit of
brain power and fixed try and fix things
yourself that could have easily been a
eight to twelve hundred dollar repair if
I took it to a shop and had a mechanic
do it I'm pretty confident with my work
and I think it I'm clearly it's starting
we've started it three different times
boom fires right up so try and fix
things yourself instead of taking it to
a shop and wasting your money I'll be
beaker wooden man I did fix it it's
beautiful
it's okay sweaty dude hi we can't
because I was gonna go over and well
last time I was over at my parents house
I finished the bed it's stained and it
looks good so
our new mattress has arrived and I was
gonna go get the bed and switch
everything out and you know I had to
take a timeout so I could edit the vlog
me like six hours almost to do the
complete repair on the Jeep today so
I've been I've been gone all day and I
had to get that done because this
weekend I won't have time and that'll
make more sense when we get there but in
the meantime just know that I had to do
today look at you running you still big
it is Wednesday I know I didn't have
time we didn't have time to stream today
actually because I'm getting ready to go
right now to pick up the new bed from my
parents house when we broke stairs and
set it up when I get home so it's just
been it's been such a busy day check me
out driving this big old truck Jay let
me drive this GMC Denali to pick up the
bed this thing's a beast
diesel that's pretty
and unfortunately again I'm solo I don't
have any help earlier I had J self up
he's got a broken foot so you can really
help help me you guys have a look at my
new bed it's pretty sick I didn't stain
this stuff because the you know the
mattress will be on it and you you never
see that but what you do see it's a nice
dark how are you gonna get it home
yeah the way this goes home is you take
it apart and I have to build it rebuild
it back at home and it's not that hard
it's just screwing in all these slats
and stuff but basically that's my bed
pretty sweet right now to take it apart
this was actually pretty tricky cuz J's
got like this big gooseneck hitch back
here so I had to like prop it up but
it's in there
I can't wait to get this thing in my
bedroom and just like be done with this
project and sleep in a new bed it's
gonna be so sick dude
before I left I told Veronica I said I
have to go get to bed I want to do this
tonight but I didn't want to wait for
like the hour and 45 minutes it would
take to export and upload the vlog so I
left it for her to upload well I went to
pick up the bed unfortunately she's
hiding back there
she didn't upload the vlog she forgot it
but no worries you probably saw the vlog
up pretty late last night but that
doesn't mean you shouldn't watch it if
you missed it go back and watch behind
the loops such a good video and an
awesome time we spent with Jeremy loops
and the rest of the band but that's good
the videos uploading now it's time to
move to this I'm so excited to say
goodbye to this bed although it's been
good to us it's time for a new bed in a
moment this will look so different you
haven't even seen in person nope
get ready you're gonna love it mm-hmm
Wow
that didn't take two awful long but it's
here it's in and it's quite big in my
room now comes the cool part I'm gonna
go downstairs and get the mattress there
it is guys there's my mattress and yes
it's in a box
Lisa calm found out that we were in the
market for a new mattress and they
wanted to sponsor us which is super
awesome and what's even more awesome is
they're extending an offer to you guys
if you're in the market for getting a
new mattress just go to Lisa calm for
/gv
and use the code GV 75 and you can get
$75 off a mattress just like this like
what we're about to show you personally
I've never seen a mattress
a box before but I'm really excited to
figure this out so let's get this
upstairs
so that's it I got a mattress in a box
apparently what happens is you put this
thing on to the bed rolled up its in
like a coil could you unwrap it and then
over time it expands and grows an hour
your bed will feel good in a day it will
feel great
good I've never really got a mattress in
a box before so I'm not sure what to
expect but this I'm told is pretty cool
to see
do you remember going shopping for a
mattress last time it's like it's like
walking onto a car lot mm-hmm all those
juices okay how can I help me this is
way easier I set right there in ordered
it did you show him that it was done
yeah well it was the first time I've
seen it
this will be nice and firm in about an
hour
right now it's expanding full of air
pretty cool what do you think yeah yeah
I know I can't wait to go to sleep
tonight I've been pretty busy today
right I fixed the Jeep put a new starter
in which I've never done that before and
it's fixed the bed's down somebody nice
and comfy tossing and turning I decided
to go with Lisa I heard a lot of lot of
good things about it
a friend of mine told me that he has one
and it's great and I thought it was
really cool you can just simply order it
on the internet and it shows a bigger
door if I don't like it I get to sleep
on it for a hundred nights for free and
then they'll come back and get it but
I'm pretty sure I'm gonna like it it's
pretty I think it's gonna be nice it's
gonna be nice but the cool thing about
Lisa - is for every ten mattresses they
sell they donate one of these to a
homeless charity or a homeless shelter
which i think is really cool and if it's
good as as good a night's sleep as I
think it's gonna be that's alright we'll
tell you
I think the boys would like that yes
yeah less to this little tunnel how is
it well I'll tell you what we kind of
pass out a little bit on the couch
waiting for this to era but it's ready
hmm trial our bed for the first night
I need to get ready for school
how'd you sleep
yeah I guess I slept a little too far
yeah I snooze my alarm without even
knowing it how's it good night I have to
say our first night on that bed was good
now you're late for school he came back
in and he came in this morning was like
dad mom we're good so I decided to film
that clip because it was so funny but
the the bed I can't be happier the bed's
really good my boys have a good day oh I
love you oh my gosh I love you okay oh
you better get out of here
time for school I'll take the baby ba ba
ba ba eggs eggs with salt and pepper I
thought I'd make I'm making Veronica her
eggs first I thought I'd make her eggs
this morning since tomorrow I'm leaving
on a trip in my favorite rocket ship do
you guys know where I'm going yet it's
gonna be somewhere super fun a little
warmer than here a little how many of
you cooked eggs before and you break the
yolk hot it's that's one of my biggest
pet peeves around cooking fried eggs
I've broken this one I broke that one
and that one and one of Veronica's I
gotta keep cooking eggs and so I don't
break one because I won't win this
number all right all right guys so I'm
gonna spend the rest of the day hanging
out with everyone and having so much fun
super happy I've got the jeep fix my bed
done it's here in my bedroom that's all
I got for you guys today
all right guys so that's where we're
leaving for today thank you so much for
watching and as always we can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
