what is happening guys welcome today's
WellStar didn't actually Samoyed into
lunch which kiddo it's just me the kids
always over there don't let me forget
him
Cameron's not big enough to catch
everybody I want how you feeling there
boy good boy
sorry are you fully recovered from your
first concert experience right isn't
that the most epic thing ever just don't
think about that we're out with the kids
today just kind of taking care of stuff
around the house Veronica's their work
she's actually been helping Britney lot
pretty hard work and a baby what do you
guys know this do you know that
everybody should have a bandana all
right it's exciting all right here yeah
I know one of those well this case oh
definitely
they must want something in there that's
like I'm so good I literally take all
three of the sauces they offer and just
doused the thing and it's so good that's
like the best thing ever oh yeah we're
going out and we're taking care of some
stuff we're going to make key and some
other randomness figure is probably a
better idea beat the kid before we go
out so they're already full and they
just
let's go a little girl
Oh your shoes oh my goodness we'll give
you a flat tire who does that
we're full it's time to go get some
stuff done you guys ready you got right
you got a little something there look my
kids right now thank you
whoo what are you guys the could I stop
in five seconds to talk to pram back
there say Fred there's France - hi Fred
we're just picking up some things to do
some stuff around the house like I have
some installations to take care of and a
new front door handle and deadbolt
because it's like really no new computer
play all right everybody buckled all
right I know it was wasn't it you know
some people might call me crazy for
taking all three kids one to a
restaurant two to the store but you know
what I call it confident I'm the best
dad on earth
yeah you are
I had to change my shirt because well a
little baby Liza gets a little messy
when she's having a fun day that your
shirt little why's it got me a little
dirty from the restaurant but I got to
go on the office now and show you guys
something cool we have a bit of a thing
a bit of a gracious sponsor for today
okay imagine for a second you are away
from your home computer and you have to
log into some website right now and if
you're like me I constantly am
forgetting what passwords that I use
it's very unsafe for you to use the same
password for everything
there is now an amazing solution for
keeping all your passwords perfectly
safe encrypted but you only have to
remember a single one check
Oh before I continue I should probably
tell you that this is a sponsored post
today by LastPass so big huge shout out
the last fast response of today's video
and that should not diminish the
excitement and usefulness of this site
this service whatever you want to call
it because it is completely necessary so
here's basically out work so last class
is pretty much like a password manager
and you can add all your passwords to
every site you use very easily by using
like this this this extension right here
if you see in the upper hand corner when
you install it all you have to do is
click that and then you can have access
to all the site that you have saved
passwords for I haven't added anything
in here yet because I don't really want
to show you guys that but what's cool I
think about it is you can generate
secure password select if you're bad at
coming up with the password you can
click this and then check this out it
automatically you can choose how big you
want your password to be and look it's a
ridiculously random alphanumeric code
that you can copy and paste into your
password field and that becomes your
password and then when you go to log
into it all you do is click that
extension right beside your login
information and you're in and you don't
have to worry about like who's seeing
your passwords because it's encrypted at
a local level with AES 256-bit
encryption right here sets both AES
256-bit encryption
I don't know hundred percent nowa AES
256-bit encryption is but I know it's
the strongest type of encryption you can
get and that's what you want when you're
trying to protect your password telling
you this LastPass it's definitely
something that you're going to want to
download and use it's free to use
there's a link in the description if
you're the type of person who always is
forgetting their passwords especially if
you don't have them saved on like
someone else's computer this is perfect
for you all you have to remember is one
password and you have all your passwords
with you so guys click the link in the
description if you shadow to get a
LastPass for sponsoring today's video
and yeah boys look we got some packages
I thought we could open them together
you want to take a break let's do it we
got some fan mail
and I want to open it it's good you guys
have been telling me skill do you ought
to check the fan mail because we sent
some stuff and I know I'm going to open
yours first Amy Amy is a huge supporter
of our channel her and Kayla which Kayla
actually sent us this pocket knife and
it's so funny because it's like a like a
zombie it's like a zombie pocket knife
and she knows we're big fans were
walking dead so she said to this knife
which we will from now forward use to
open all fan mail this is from this is
one of the ones from Amy and we have
some things here please give to mama
oh the birthday card from okay we'll
make sure that gets the mom all wanted
to say hide your eyes and say thank you
for keeping me my spirits up Colin you
are a kind little boy stick with those
drum and don't let anybody push you
around
except Eliza baby sisters do that person
you are always smiling and trying
something new new you're a great kid
like your brother
Eliza you are amazing you little sweet
princess okay you are Superman you are
you are Superman I hope I hope all your
dreams come true and sharing your life
well thanks Amy
Amy is such a huge supporter super super
active on Twitter and a twitch and
pretty much everywhere we always know we
will get something cool from Amy
somewhere on our internet lives and it's
super cool to see Amy thank you so much
oh no no no whoa look at that paper
look at the paper was that even sick
Oh way first Oh oh my gosh
hey yo I started to do something unique
and closed you'll find a sorted mix of
candy but not any candy candy from Japan
I ordered online and fresh and sealed so
doors are you up for a candy challenge
video do this should be an epic video
look okay hold on you guys look at this
look at this myself pops of Japanese
candy Cup it had cocoa all of that
dude I've always wanted to try candies
from around the world and I've mentioned
this to you guys once before in a video
off there's so many there's so many
different types this is so cool look
what it looks like Robin snow but
seriously we are going to make a
dedicated video to try this Japanese
candy 100% I'm very excited about that
Amy thank you so much it's so cool for
purpose energy they're energy drink here
Gilroy family you guys have a beautiful
family we're big fans of your YouTube
cheering a great contest that always
makes us smile we are for purpose and
organic energy drink company on a
mission to create a better tomorrow our
first campaign goal is to raise enough
money to build a school for kids through
pencils of promise an incredible and
inspirational organization enclosed
please find a refreshing raspberry
pomegranate horn Ganic energy treats
crafted with your health and month thank
you so much guys we will definitely I
will definitely be trying those out not
for Colin or Carson yep you guys have
plenty of organic energy one comes from
Jeffrey Williams in Ohio whoa
hahahaha so cool black rifle coffee
company caffeinated as you know what
that's pretty cool let that
oh I got some keychains
Jeff formation kitchen or anything OSU
that's pretty cool and this one to Gill
road Gilroy that's pretty cool
your Gilroy's love the videos keep it up
daily viewer I forgot to write it out
and had already taped up the package and
audre my four-year-old daughter Jeffery
and Audrey thank you guys so much
I'll bet you Audrey had a little hand in
making these so we really appreciate
that
thank you all end it this is really cool
I like that
Jason Veronica I hope you're doing well
and are having a fun day with the kids
hope you open my package together as a
family on the blog as well your work is
just amazing what was excited to see you
do stuff outside the house such as build
your office or do little car fixes I
learned so much from those kind of vlogs
that's awesome
recently my father I lost the company
and this is one of our coolest product
handmade stools crafted from
eco-friendly materials read and duped
thank you so much then let's check out
these cool cool one brown one dream oh
it makes a good thing for my computer oh
my yeah he could totally tell it or even
you have a weather oh yeah that's good
or I can put you the Edit footrest this
would be nice around campfire that is
super awesome set in so much we will
make sure it does get put to good use
yeah it's always nice to have a place to
sit especially when you have a lot of
people over so we can pull these out
pretty much any time I don't think it
was I don't think it wasn't it for a
helmet there but looks good okay guys
thank you so much for sending stuff you
don't have to nobody have to send us
anything
oh we do have that peal box open for you
guys to send whatever you want to oh my
goodness
I actually had to put on a sweatshirt
because it's quite chilly and we're all
piled oh what's the matter
we're going to go meet up with Veronica
and Britain
Roman dog not blistering-hot out that
might be a nice pond
go check out dolls which is kind of like
it really cool you've seen it before the
vlogs like a really cool it's a really
cool you know like tree sanctuary plants
and nature the guy there's security here
which I just never realized they had
that he stopped me as I'm pulling any
good we're closing up
apparently they closed the park at Heat
when you come to dogs at four minutes
before closing you got to do the quick
tour we're really doing this work i hey
you guys look lovely
I like you well they're no pictures
right there that's awesome we're here a
little legs hmm oh yeah yeah I had to
fight off security literally bloody
nothing and everything guys I'm pretty
sure yeah we're lost
I don't I don't know which way we can
okay Britney this would be a whole lot
easier if you just walk that baby out
already trying to practice
okay I just in case of have a gay yeah
yeah like this yeah all crises like this
really well that's about the size right
you can't get your sister oh we don't
want any trouble
the science business closed
late o'clock oh we thought it was done
no it's 8 o'clock he's pregnant man
that's her problem we've worn out our
welcome here at dolls guys it's starting
to rain Romans starting to sing 90 song
oh and Britney still hasn't had her baby
down but I get up again what happened is
we're not going to make it out of this
forest before dark so we're going to
have to like stay in this cabin there
four times scope in there level 3
backpack dude that thing was built in
1920 a 1923
hey where's Veronica dude I told you
there's goblins in there chase you
charge your camera to hmm with all those
blinking
it's the woods dude it drained all our
power my kind of thought okay I was
going huh hi rod look at the cuteness
Kane you're a gentleman did you're a
real gentleman buddy this is a mess all
the kids wanna ride with mommy but mommy
was driving the Jeep so they would get
and then okay I'll see you jump in a car
all right okay no crying baby okay see
you at home so tired I love you punky I
love you and that was pretty much the
rest of our night came downstairs fell
asleep in the chair
what kind of it like I can review some
things over here yeah I do that
sometimes I don't know what it is man
this cold like I've just cold and at
night it gets really worse so I was
definitely feeling it that is our day
guys I want to say thank you so much for
hanging out that's pretty standard you
know type of day nothing exciting going
on so I do appreciate if you made it to
the
this video if you did hit that thumbs up
button and again thanks so much for
watching and we can't wait to see each
and every one of you right here
