you guys it's time to go meet Jeremy
loops
you
here's the real bummer guys Veronica is
not with me
I'm riding solo
and the only reason is because it's the
middle of the work week Carson and
basketball
the world and
washing handsome
little sad I'm going solo
but no worries we're gonna have a lot of
my
so this place where he's playing is
right next to huntington park where the
Clippers play and right over here is the
LC lifestyles community pavilion this is
the spot where i saw Incubus live and
that was so so good I'm looking I made
it I almost peed my pants well it's all
dude how are you nice to meet you in
person nice to meet you as well what do
you think Haas the gladiators say what's
up that's right I can trust the guy
you're all upstairs you're welcome to
god I'll show you where ok yeah I'd be
awesome look at those color shirt on the
job link that's right we're going
backstage let's hang out with the loops
crew what's up guys how you doing what's
crackalackin oh that's nice so what
happened was we came in right in the
middle of the meeting right session
Vanel they're currently doing selfies
hey so listen I missed the dinner bell
on my long journey here but jeremy has
been so gracious as to share his what do
you call it Tom artist in my in your
defense I should have just ordered for
you because I didn't read just I wasn't
thinking either so it's we're gonna
share my no models except that you've
never had these I've never had it I've
never I never even heard of it this is a
really great it's a great Mediterranean
style dish they are like it's like grape
leaves and with all sorts of like tasty
treats inside okay I'm gonna die when
you dive in and try this just saw
something definite as well that's at CP
song hey guys spider I want the sauce
god oh god dip in the sauce okay so I
got better Koga oh we're gonna go hang
out away from all the loudness I don't
know if you've ever seen any of Jeremy's
videos but when he travels the Greens
this yeah the kids toy this toy has seen
this more of the world and most people
will ever see in their lifetimes what is
the reason what's the attachment it's
you know it was one of the first things
that I started messing around with when
I started looping so I'm a loop pedal
artist if you not got his pendulum
by my feet and all the sounds that I
record in my time had a show i recorded
in life I laid him up and I make like
this loop based layered sons Rose I
started a few years ago as a one-man
band that's how I started and now I've
scaled up and I have like drums and bass
other stuff on top of my boobs my layers
but in the beginning it was this one man
band idea and I got this and like a
friend of Mines child's birthday party
and I just picked it up because I was
playing like a little I wasn't playing a
show that I was just performing for the
kids and so I grabbed all the kids toys
and it had all the sounds on it and like
it's got a little sound hole here and so
I just put it on the microphone and they
started recording things and I made yeah
i made like songs out of it come come
come probably nepeta Batman and then i
would add guitar and beatboxing on top
of this and it's got this who used to
turn around in circles but he's been
through the wars Navy is like arms or
gammy some drunk guy fouling him and
broke them off once we had to glue it
back on being stolen about three times
by like them rupee girls returned like a
week later with some chocolates and feel
really bad but the reason it still
travels with me is that one of my hit
songs and one of the songs on my album
mission to the Sun and one of the sounds
on this kid's toy oh really so yeah it's
like so you'll hear it later showed yeah
but so yeah I kind of the kids tour
needs to be with me now it's like part
of the set it's like a blank it's like a
like that comfort my boy it's also
 in a shoe son so without without
the kids to my mission to son who
doesn't happen and CC tonight that's
like a real can prob frame favorites
that people sing that song I can't wait
I can't wait that's why the bayit
travels with us everywhere I'm not even
gonna joke with you right now me and
Jeremy are sitting back here he's
folding laundry we're talking about
music and out of nowhere comes a little
pit bull Bulldog type deal this is kind
of embarrassing but I think it's too
crazy not to even tell you guys I'm
sitting right here the dog comes right
here and peas right there not funny bro
this is over funny what you just got up
and he was like uh what's it wait what
is this what is this because the dog was
so cute you know who this cute dog and
then five minutes later realized she'd
actually we didn't i'm just glad i got
my pillow under your luckys what you are
you know i have kids right here yeah
senior see your bugs you've seen the
moment nice perfect you all a beautiful
family bed thank you colin is actually a
bigger fan and i am oh sheesh wasn't me
he's he liked mrs. to your music totally
on basis yeah every time i get the car I
was the oldest one oh yeah it says dad
will you play down south I'm like
Colin please don't ruin it for me gonna
read that same yeah you know you play it
over and over and over calling shout out
to you thanks for listening to my music
and banging around the house even if
your dad's getting tired of it ring I
already appreciate it naked no you can't
be the show tonight not really old
enough on you now he'll he'll be here
though eventually thank you no but I
always I always like to like if I ever
encounter an artist I always like to
pick the brain about certain songs that
they wrote especially ones that are my
favorite like for instance your song
sinners that would I don't lyrics yeah
okay yeah so like the second verse and
that core or the second verse you know
goes caught you in the back house in
another man uses another man so
obviously that songs about cheating yeah
that's always about a lot of things is
it was weird it was written kind of I
wouldn't say on the fly but it was
really just written as a response to
come up saw the stuff I was feeling and
going through this long-term
relationship that I was in and yeah I
didn't mean that I didn't mean for that
song to become like the anthem that it's
kind of just not me no it's definitely
one of the songs that people resonate
with a lot and they sing it real loud
bitch you'll hear people singing it I'm
gonna play it I'll be quite far i'm
quite the beginning of the set i think
probably a good second you know what at
early you think you're gonna hear them
singing we're gonna get usually you're
gonna be all right singing girls out of
the bugs ya ali and welcome that I
always inspire the ones to sing but yeah
I went through a really long and tough
breakup when my life kind of started
shifting towards music and I was touring
all the time and having all you know it
can Britt a complete quite a lot of
insecurities in a relationship if you're
not like really stable and I suppose we
were in stable enough and yeah I was
went through some rough times it's like
an embodiment of your personal life
there and that song yeah speaking of
personal life if you didn't know not
only does he create some pretty badass
music
he has a vlog channel now he's gonna
start vlogging been watch out his puppy
on your look at is you've got the canner
but I'm still rocking the sony g7 h I
like this thing but we both a little 30
of us yes should I heard a good for
blocking winded that's the sign at the
sign of a pro flogger sign of a prologue
oh yeah yeah that's what I heard it's
like yeah listen you guys you need to do
me a favor do Jeremy a favor and all the
rest of the band mates you help them in
their mission followed them on their
journey throughout their musical career
we're going to put a lot of stuff up
like I the reason I'm doing this was
because I've been watching all sorts of
bloggers line yourself and realizing
that the personal side of what you can
actually show people he is on a whole
nother level compared to my other social
media and I don't see any other big acts
or musical artists actually taking the
time to do it because it's tricky it's
time consuming but at the same time we
are in a different state every day we
took like india this year singapore move
Africa all over Europe now in the States
next month one to twenty one pilots and
I just forget we've got so much content
yeah available to us I should be I
should be doing the behind-the-scenes
stuff so we've already done I think I've
done for now it seems a lot more videos
yeah I'm getting it too and they're
pretty good actually they are edited by
him well Muslim and helped up by this
man guy sarah and my other wraps yeah
well we can't go check please do me a
favor go subscribe to Jeremy on his vlog
channel it's jeremy loop Jeremy tips
music you do dummies on port / Jeremy
loops music yeah if it's not perfectly
clear at this point will put the link in
the description nice all right so it's
we all right about show time I've
brought my microphone Oh switch mean
they are waiting to me this is a special
moment cameras you need cameras yeah
okay will you do you and I'm for the
show you some snap chatting as well I
going to get my spot bro good luck thank
you buddy
hey
really now music for one which is gonna
be really important to me is important
Ben and I think although it's difficult
sometimes to see if there's a lot of
bands McCarthy we're very uninteresting
craziness it could be cleaning up and
burning lots about you guys ever for me
this is so special come to Brandon
places he faces I or we get back it
started time I think this is the part on
their returns to give a crap and so you
know I mean maybe we haven't seen videos
not a lot share that with people and you
like ponies people don't let you know
what goes into on stage and the whole
music industry and also glamorous Fergie
you a lot of doing work as far as I'm
driving this office of me didn't you we
were on the road for seven weeks through
this country another seven weeks been 14
shows we were 24 different states with
assisting and a half thousand of
then husband initially were too haha
ends like it works it up and it was
insane but the way that this had no luck
ends this country it's a loculus are we
to be like rock it out a weekend
children we concern my modesty then you
go here another dance like boom on the
road so this country so yeah I'm
covering them i'm using this camera from
the tape footage who understand chase
you're with me mrs. hey yuge my wing
whoa
Oh
I
Oh
so it's the after show everyone's
getting autographs back there but this
guy right here we had a gladiator show
up here Stephen escape my brother thanks
for coming Alex said he wouldn't have
come here
I had to germany looks even singing
songs too so I know yeah you know oh
yeah dude so it's time for us to get out
of here we met some other semi local
bloggers press record guys check
tomorrow I know you came with him I was
ok to know I'm from far away it was nice
to meet you guys mo it was a pleasure my
friend you killed it tonight Thank You
Ohio yes I hope we see you again soon
buddy what do I have a mighty mouth yes
Thank You Julie take care of dude this
guy right here carries the same name as
me yeah chase chase chase it actually
place an integral part and tour because
he holds the camera dude takes pictures
you get some more juice yeah may I go as
far as i know i got one a lot of video
it's so cool like so weird still like ya
like I don't see how you do this
honestly like it's right around bin
there's more the coolest experiences
like I actually got to see firsthand
yeah does think it's a lot of work it is
it has been like in pimpin tonight so
much work it is such a great job he's so
talented it's just yeah man are you
listening if you see this it's weird
haha you to chase it's not weird way of
life you're right you're right but it's
just we're spreading love across the
globe that's exactly that's what it's
about love always love that's right oh
it's all I batteries so we're going to
change your body with her hugging yeah
look look at the love Shaun and Jeremy
just loving it out nice brother it was
good to meet you okay right yeah you
killed it tonight thank you there's a
pleasure thing thank you for inviting me
backstage and to hang out with you guys
thank you so much fun Sean well you
fight nice work tonight Jeremy loops Shh
Oh what I was so much fun dude yeah
really yeah that was well I was really
enjoying it I was so crazy hip people
sing it and the energy in the crowd was
definitely off the hook yeah it was
amazing it's so I mean we sit at gym
sure but it's always so surprising to
hear people sing like that like you have
no idea when you get some new talents
the middle of a higher here if people
are going to know any of the cheese but
they did yeah the new all the girls they
were singing so loud it was such a nice
like intimate environment by the time we
got to the end everything was my life it
was also get there was a good end of the
show yeah hope you heard me sing if I
saw you singing I was that footage is
gonna be hilarious all you like holding
the couch jumping hahaha
lovely yeah billion billion me well
coming up it was all she ate it makes
everybody yeah let's keep in touch yeah
we will I will visit again time the next
time you're in town we need to make sure
broaden it comes to see ya Veronica I'm
so sorry you had stay home with the kids
someone's got to take care of the babies
yeah please I got a B I got a few babies
he's got a few baby I got two boys a
girl and one on the way would you two
are a busy man I know I know I was
telling Shay Shay I was like I'm not
going to one of the few people in my
position you like really want kids yeah
I got a lot of all my friends back home
they just like oh you live in the dream
you like a rock star travel world
playing every way and I'm just like yeah
it's really great oof well guys it's
officially 1220 in the morning that's
just one but I got a long ride home and
I'm certainly tired but I will say that
it was an absolute pleasure Jeremy and
crew meeting and hanging out with all of
you guys i hope you guys enjoyed seeing
Jeremy loops live and meeting them and
hearing the stories is such a good time
made it home from cuz here on the couch
my love are you feeling okay oh no poor
baby we'll get through this I can make
you some food first things first I need
a change out of these pants hi baby girl
good morning to be hard yeah it is a
beautiful morning
it is time for me to get to work
actually but first a recap of last night
how much fun was that to be able to go
and hang out with one of my favorite
artists and really just get to spend
some time with them and talk to them
some trade ideas and just kind of
connect and make a friendship basically
with that being said you guys I want you
to make sure to go over to Jeremy loops
is YouTube channel I'll put a link in
the description tell them gilroy sentcha
and follow them on their journey I think
it's really unique to find an artist
that's also wanting to put out there you
know a look behind the music so I think
that's really cool and you guys should
definitely subscribe as for me I have to
work on a little project today something
that popped up the Jeep needs a new
starter so we're going to go fix that
and hopefully get it done before our
live stream tonight I just wanted to
help say bye so as always you guys thank
you so much for watching and coming
along with us last night to listen to
some awesome music it sure was a good
time as always thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see all of
you right back here tomorrow
you
