you're playing with the dog balls hey
guys welcome to our day how are ya
I hope your day is going very well the
boys at home now
doing some homework Pizza person what
are you doing tonight basketball camp
are you excited Colin are you doing
sport we shouldn't make him up we should
make him up a Halloween costume yeah you
know what I thought we should do the
night honey we need to film the ending
scene for these on video and you are the
last character unfortunately I'm not
very good at doing zombie makeup yeah
you got to do it on yourself and you are
the final zombie so you down yeah more
zombie makeup tonight Veronica's gonna
take Carson to basketball practice this
first one you guys are gonna go with her
cuz we've been I've been puttin the bad
stuff in the wall basketball camp
my bad my bad okay so yeah I've been
putting way too much of the bed in there
and I'm sure you guys are tired of
seeing that
I kind of want to show you next
when it's finished see you guys
so you guys are gonna go throw to the
basketball camp Carson you and Colin are
gonna go to my parents house
to make it
okay
so
that was your first day best of all camp
yeah we're great come back tomorrow
all right my life a big break
all right so welcome back to the house
it's later in the evening it's a special
night we're filming we're actually
filming the rest of the zombie video in
here right now
PJ came to help bro paints and Veronica
is asking for direction so drunk is
gonna be a zombie this is her chance to
actually be in the video she's gonna be
the zombie I think you should go with
freshly dead yes but there should be a
fair amount like this is like the last
shot of the video so you have to be
pretty gruesome looking you know I'm
gonna use my hand like this
maybe there's no I'm thinking like a
zombie got a horn you're facing just
ripped it
so there's Sam claw marks that you did
on Dennis this video which is now up on
this channel that you were in yeah yeah
so : ik yeah do the same claw marks
straight down your neck and that'll be
just your big patches to webmaker and
then all your stomach yeah and you could
use a green opal sorry you could do the
green oatmeal on the other side too if
you wanted to like it was an infected
zombie from call of duty advanced
warfare zombies she didn't get to the
shouldn't get to the medbay okay yeah
well Veronica's getting her makeup done
we're previewing some other clips from
that night and this stuff is actually
really good
pretty cool perspective like I wanna
this is where the green team meets the
blue team in the field and we're like yo
yo what's up you want a fight this is
gonna be good
how's it coming
my canvas when are you actually you're
really good at doing like the special
effect my good thing it looks good
already
mm-hmm poor girl she's gonna do all this
makeup for like literally two or three
seconds of footage edited footage yeah I
can help you with that happy probably
how you put her in the situation she is
now yeah just talking about I'm just
talking about helping her that's all oh
oh oh go to the game Oh Bashar Germany
guys you should and we should film it
what you have to stay till we do that
because we can't leave the kids alone
Broncos bossing me around please don't
oh yeah turn this way you see that's
pretty good it tastes a little affected
around in there
yeah you know it looks totally different
once the fake floods on but you gotta
get your stuff then let's go here we go
you're good with some creepy stuff
wait is this a wait is this a zombie
selfie he's out of here my ride-or-die
homie
thanks for coming and helping later
approch
yeah Jen thanks for stopping by do your
makeup Saturday was on point by the way
mmhmm yep she said kid she said can I
take his up now
I can't from mark right I've always
wanted to see this that's a wrap on his
own video that's a rap it's a rap rap so
uh Netflix pull it off
good early morning it's very early I'm
supposed to be at this doctor's
appointment at 7:30 I'm actually on time
just start figuring out what's going on
with my ears and I'm I'm pretty son I
just had to go inside this box and
listen to a bunch of random weird little
tones and they discovered that my right
ear is compared to my left ear is
there's a noticeable big difference in
what I'm hearing so she wants to have
him look further into it they didn't
really diagnose me with any particular
thing except for he says I'm
experiencing some resolving a deep
and basically it is fluid collection in
the ears as a result of the ear
infection and they did a hearing test so
yeah they call it an audiogram and
inside my right ear I have suffered a
pretty good amount of hearing loss at a
certain frequency they test different
frequencies and that hearing loss that
they found I won't get back which is
like an eye-opener you have to protect
your ears because that your hearing will
degrade and you can't get it back and so
you said that the frequency where I'm
experiencing some hearing loss is from
like saws drills lawnmowers those small
motors machines stuff like that so if
you guys use like if you go to shop
class and you use all those machines you
should protect your ears because I mean
when you're young you probably don't
think about it it's not gonna ever
damage me but it really does over time
it does damage your ears and you could
eventually become not completely deaf
but you'll have hearing loss and that
sucks you don't get it back
that's a big fat bummer usually stuff
like this results itself in ninety days
so if after three months this isn't gone
then we'll explore some other like
surgical options but it's just it's a
shame to think that at my age I'm
already experiencing significant
irreparable hearing loss
I came home and grabbed up this little
sweetheart and we fell asleep on the
couch for a little bit it's been a while
since I took a nap during the daytime
but I need to get some stuff done get
this video done for you guys listen make
sure you come back tomorrow we're gonna
have such a good day and you guys are
gonna get to meet and listen to if you
haven't already the music of the
wonderful jeremy loops it's gonna be a
blast so make sure you come back for
that I guess that's all I got for you
guys today thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
