you guys good day to you I hope your day
is doing well happy Sunday
I'm just in disbelief right now because
I show up clearly I'm here in the shop
and my dad's been busy I left the shop
with having put the frame together and
knowing that I'd have to come back today
and help finish the actual bed
construction but my dad he finished it
it's like all done the construction
anyways and it looks fantastic I'm just
like I just this is I'm so grateful it's
so awesome
look at the headboard the crown molding
and stuff it's so awesome I love it I
love it I love it you guys need to put
some Big Ups to my dad down there in the
comment section but it's not done yet
we still need to do some finishing so
what's left to do is sanding and a lot
of it
yeah we kind of jumped forward into the
day because my battery died on the
camera and now currently we're tethered
to this guy yeah it sucks but I got all
the sanding done and everything and it's
on its way to being done okay I can't
wait for what's up buddy I got the boys
here I'm actually no we're playing
destiny I'm actually a little late for
streaming so I'm trying to get caught up
so we've made in the live stream we
actually had a technical difficulty oh
by the way the reason the mic wasn't
working at first was because I
disconnected it from the Windows
computer to do voiceover for the Garmin
review so obviously when you disconnect
the mic it resets the default microphone
before xsplit which is kind of annoying
but we have everyone here on Twitch
hanging out in the comment section just
chillin like a villain or a gladiator
rather what's up what's up guys it means
below
so was it I yeah so we're just hanging
out playing some destiny what are you
gonna do what do you want to do later
for Collin he has to go back to school
tomorrow yeah so I want to get the best
gaming night ever
yeah you were a fair monk for most of it
he's gonna be my like full stream
sidekick Colin's very chatty also he
like doesn't stop talking there's zero
lapse in verbalization he just keeps
going there's a knight down there yeah I
brought allies up to hang out with Daddy
you got over here quick she can crawl
from one side of the room to the other
in a blink of an eye she's super proud
now
you hungry daddy's hungry yeah new
episode of The Walking Dead's on I'd be
even more excited if I wasn't so dizzy
like for some reason when I got home and
started the stream I was dizzy a little
bit but I just went with it after the
stream very dizzy that's very very weird
that is frost
good morning guys good beautiful chilly
morning
it's very good that's on like 28 degrees
out right now that's cool yeah oh
there's your bus hey how was your day I
love you see you later
well the kids are off to school it's
time to do a bit of editing and computer
I kind of checked out last night it was
it was really weird that medicine makes
me very dizzy so I just decided to rest
and I feel much better today so I'm
trying to figure out exactly what I want
to do for the zombie video like how I
want the graphics and everything to look
and I turned to Linda I'm looking at
this video adding effects and graphics
and after-effects and Roger effects is
very very complex so I'm trying to
figure out how to make a layer right
with all these different icons for all
the items that we needed to find and
then put that over the head cam video
while we're playing the game and I mean
this video obviously it's good it sure
this guy Ian Robinson he's he's on the
lynda.com Ian Robinson he's the most
thorough instructor and I love watching
his videos because they teach me they
actually teach me I wanted to tell you
guys that Linda has extended our
promotion so you guys can still use that
lynda.com for its logical a theatres
link to get a free 10-day trial and you
can hop in here and learn After Effects
too if you want or Photoshop or anything
I mean there's there's literally tons of
stuff look look at all the stuff you can
learn audio music business CAD design
developer yeah you want to make your own
app someone making me a Gilroy blogs app
that'd be sick photography for all you
guys who wanted to see the ISO aperture
and shutter speed video he's probably
one right there
already done so click this link
lynda.com for such gladiators get a free
10-day trial check out some of these
videos and and let me know what you
learned I came down for a coffee refill
and Veronica's making
me pretty fantastic with an omelet we
went to the store I was like I want one
like Dennis made me we were in
Cincinnati and he uses the tomatoes and
the spinach and Alyssa she's like how do
I flip it you just flip it I think
you're supposed mononym I can't
instructor you oh my god that's good
that's good yeah I think you're supposed
to put this stuff in at this point yeah
he'll stick in the egg I don't know hey
regardless it's gonna be delicious
girl oh baby I don't know about you but
that looks like a decent breakfast right
there I'm gonna slam this finish up the
zombie vlog from the weekend and and
then we're gonna go check the mail you
think we can do fan mail Friday Hannifin
fan mail videos movie oh great Carson's
starting a basketball camp this week so
busy so much stuff going on last night I
announced on my twitch stream that
Gilroy gave me
is an official twitch partner yeah so
our gaming channel on twitch is now
partnered and I think that's really cool
I don't really know what all that means
but now we're an official partner
channel on twitch so I think that's
really cool light load at the post
office which is always okay definitely
got some letters and stuff
I love getting and reading all you
guys's letters you guys are so positive
and it's it's almost like when you send
us letters that tell us how we've
impacted your life that means so much to
us
to know that we've touched you in a way
that's that's helped you in your lives
so we do appreciate all those letters
and everything you guys send us yeah
alright guys I'm back home so that about
does it for me today but listen I want
to I want to invite you guys everyone
who lives anywhere close to Ohio
tomorrow we're gonna go hang out with
Jeremy loops and I want you to come to
come to the basement in Columbus the
show starts at 7:00 at all costs travel
miles and miles miles to meet me
Jeremy loops his whole crew listen to
some amazing music and we're gonna have
a really good time I will have some
signed CDs at the venue if first-come
first-serve whoever finds me first I'll
hook you up so I'll see you at the show
right and I think that I think that's it
let's get pumped thank you guys so much
for watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
