what's up guys today is the day the big
Zombie Survival party tell me buddy
yes unfortunately the kids aren't going
they're gonna be staying with Nana's
your product Gil what's his hat and
never see I gotta wear a bunch of random
stuff that I never usually wear because
one it's going to be very very chilly -
it could be ruined if I'm attacked and
killed by a zombie then I have to be
like covered in blood fake blood all
right yeah I wish you could be there to
see it but it's gonna be quite cold and
a long day yeah yeah are you ready honey
oh yeah everything for all the kids
before I make sure itself or myself are
you do you have all your art supplies
and stuff I think it's about to get real
well alright guys we are in the zombie
house Samantha's done her house up
pretty crazy it's like a friggin meat
locker Veronica is doing Jen's makeup
and this is going to be a really really
clever like zombie face using press-on
nails for teeth and poor Jen's gonna
look pretty gruesome I think I think and
we're just going over like the course of
events for my zombie video whale and
apparently the rest of all the survivors
don't know what I now they don't know
that stuff is going to happen I suppose
I can tell you now because by the time
you see this they'll already have you
know we've already gone through it but
basically we had survivors and the story
of the video are going to be on our way
to a camping trip to meet up with our
friends and the RV
we're taking this RV to have an awesome
weekend but on our way to meet up with
our friends my brother Josh this crazy
rogue general whatever is going to stop
us in the road pull us out of our
vehicle and and capture
meanwhile at the RV where the rest of
our crew is waiting they're going to be
captured as well and bound and hooded
and then taken we're all going to be
taken to a remote campsite where we were
the other day filming and that's when
the game starts this is my getup for the
actual event I got this guy I plugged in
to its power cable snaked around the
back of my head and then the wire is
gonna go down down my back into a
battery pack so no matter what I will
have a full battery I shouldn't run out
and I think we're only gonna be at it
for what maybe two hours we are going
right now PJ and I my first story shot
is going to be of the vehicle driving
down the road you won't grab a row
ground level yeah go to the second curve
well done old trap
that was our establishing shot
our establishing shop so the first shot
is this truck driving past camera
into the truck being my survivor mates
are on our way to getting trip and it's
all fun and games until someone stops us
and threatens to kill how's this going
looking
oh my god how does something else
mom I got nothing I think
and save either religion
can you move your mouth very well a
little bit is this for these are your
lives
the caller is your team so if you lose
this you get turned into a zombie and
then you'll have four lives as a zombie
okay so then if you lose those four your
dad completely forever so we have one
change about me and follow me yeah but
then when your zone but you get four
chances so that's something at least
yeah it's something yep honey
looking good nice look at Josh come here
Josh step out of there
look at his getup Josh is straight up
full army tactical right now but the
vest is this a that's a straight-up 9
millimeter Ruger no this is not the
reverse now look at him he's like for
real I'm gonna get so bad that throw mad
props to Veronica Smith at a barber for
doing the makeup
you'll get it this makeup is some of the
best non official makeup hardest stuff
that I've so high five - high five on
you high five on you that's just yeah
that's just visual she's doing
but I'll show you so we don't have a
budget I'm kind of look at Jen that is
creepy how are you be creepy the buzz is
being added look at Jen now gnarly dude
seriously Bobby's here
Bobby's on my team yes sir yes we're
gonna win right I freaking hope so I
don't know yeah we're gonna win we're
gonna win Andy's on my team as well it's
Green Team / DJ is not PJ is not on my
team no I'm Altima Tommy he's a zombie
I am these almonds we got Chadwick he's
gonna be wearing a camera ready to film
he's on the blue team I'm on the green
dude so his cameras gonna capture the
other team sorry sorry bro I'm coming
for you here's all our zombies look at
all these zombies oh you know that my
gosh more tape he's like I think we can
take him and here's all the survivors
boom boom boom
look Jays got a free paintball gun whoo
party's about to begin it's about time
for me to hand off this camera you guys
- Veronica hi
many of the gladiators are with you now
okay I get this sandwich first on a
filling of the camper and the truck what
you are gonna have to stop recording on
the gh4 uh-huh
when take it inside or something when
after everyone goes okay and there's a
GoPro in there and the kid in the camper
okay got it
it's good you got it it's go time bloody
bag all right hurry honest it's gone in
here hmm
where's throw any safety uh yeah it's
pretty full in the grass
before this Trevor wonder knees turn
around turn out get on your knees turn
around your underneath leave the first
cut get back in it what what all right
there we're going oh definitely
there they go
they've got all the survivors captured
and taken them to the drop-off location
we've got some straggling zombies up
here they're gonna hide but they have a
few minutes till the survivors work
their way back up here look who decided
to show up finally Scotty
mmm have to make appearance yeah so I
think they're survivors are coming
through woods see on the way out there
but they have to there's so much stuff
they have to collect is it poverty or is
that that they have to mate like if
they're zombies and all woods yeah
there's zombies everywhere
those are zombies creeping down there
okay oh my god
so the first team just came back one two
three four five five members down what
happened to the rest of their survivors
they must be down there there was all
right there and they came across but
they came back and they brought some
supplies but they didn't have all their
supplies so we had to turn them away
it's really cold and I feel like my lips
are like numb my face is numb sorry if
I'm talking funny because of it that
it's really cold out here
looks like second team has more members
but no supplies is that the book bag the
blue team has been back and forth
several times bringing back items and
they have everything except a radio let
me keep it all down there down there
down survivors they've lost a few I
don't think there's any green survivors
left they all died they all died the
blue team made it back with all their
supplies and two survivors out of eight
I survived everyone kind of getting back
together and talking about their
strategies and stuff and how they
escaped mm-hmm was it fun yeah yeah yeah
everyone have a good time
nice long hike boarding that was cool
and they're kind of dangling that's been
done crazy though
wait you're not in focus looks like she
grew okay
ready ready go ahead wrap it up Oh
facial that's a nice facial there yo
everybody we are defeated
you are Green Team lost lost every
survivor we all died that's disgusting
it's still wet we're next
ah so that yeah fit you just glued on
anywhere watched everything from ever
saying from a bi stand on the tower how
was it
what is your depiction pretty crazy man
yeah there are so many people should
have participated but I was late yeah
but it's okay blue team won we lost I
look weird because I have this head
camera thing on but now it's time to
enjoy the night I've got a fire going
dings about to light up this is it watch
your kitchen chairs yeah there's the
kitchen chairs Samantha what is that is
the house on fire
seriously I think it's sunny why are you
playing in it
what the heck sunny here she's steaming
mad right now back oh you want to
disappear too fire alarms are going off
yeah a plus oh this is a real survivor
scenario huh
fire people PJ what up TG are you in
wash all of it off no I'm gonna leave it
just like this I just wanted to get
stuff off my neck I'm starting to leave
it yeah I'm gonna bail take a shower you
know didn't we totally rocked it today
yeah I do that was fun that was fun and
it's only gonna get better because we
didn't win like I wanted to but so for
the video I think it's good that I died
because of how the story I see if you
pre edit oh and it's still going to be a
cool video yeah yeah two thumbs up
why are you guys filming tailoring
battery what are two dudes in about
there's two dudes there are two girls in
the doorway yeah there's two girls in
the hallway with what's the issue
I didn't we'll stop it dude all girls
can do this stuff oh yeah it yours goes
on like eight guys what go to the
bathroom together two for you peel the
elf ear for idea no I'm gonna leave the
rest of it I just had to get stuff off
my neck layer really oh yeah I'm glad
you guys are here I don't like you got
the racing that way chased by your sky
okay
where you went 10 free Jojo yeah my gosh
Oh win well now listen we're going back
over the account what happened oh we
slew team did win but we invaded there
was two items on the list one for blue
team one for green team two of those
items everywhere yeah right dope radio
is one of them we had one we found
another one and took it because we knew
that they would need it
we ended up bartering an ammo box I
think for a gun or something
why but then this happened the neighbor
you and you visited the neighbor's house
we did at which point we the neighbor
delivered to them all unsanctioned radio
some bartering radio this unsanctioned
not a game piece but it doesn't matter I
mean you're saying you guys got he
wasn't gonna give them washio it
she showed great we're just getting
knocked we sweet talk to Amanda went up
knows I'm not being a force for a you
won fair and square
but used an unsanctioned radio to do you
sober radio yeah that's fine that's fine
fine you stole my ammo body
we're just whatevs
room room it's a garage we left the
party everyone else started leaving and
it's getting late
you know one thing we cherish more than
a night out is like sleep yeah
so we're definitely getting some sleep
my word it's bright good morning to you
guys back out
I've got to go back to my brothers
there was a scene that I wanted to
capture in better detail that being the
interior vehicle scene where being my
mates are on our way to merge with the
rest of our crew before
heading out on our camping trip when
something goes seriously wrong everyone
gets captured by these crazy thought men
with paintball guns
so they've all agreed to meet up with me
at 10 o'clock
it's about
actually
at least by juveniles so these guys
showed up on time actually before me
even for sewing I'm Bobby and PJ and
Bobby's girlfriend it won't take long I
promise you guys are diehard
for showing up mad props to these guys
for showing up early on a Sunday morning
there's PJ glad you can make a dude hide
your no choice
not sure everyone's here we've gone over
what exactly we need to shoot it's gonna
be pretty quick what we're shooting
we're all gonna hop in
first shot it's gonna be with the
garment over there in the corner and
then we'll do close-ups with this I
think it will cut together nice we got
her
that last rode shot is awesome awesome
awesome yes you did you got close enough
PJ had to get like I set the camera on
the road and he had to drive like
literally inches decided it's a good
shot that's just my driving skills man
with my foot yeah Bobby thank you so
much Kelly and shout out to Jodi and
Charlie
their kids die hard gladiators I think
that's really awesome thank you so much
for coming out
PJ thank you for the truck mad thanks to
everyone we're not entirely finished yet
there's one more scene the ending that
we have to film and Veronica plays an
important part in that one we'll get
there not today though I don't know when
this video will be released I got plans
like a bunch of graphic elements to put
over the head shots while the game is
actually happening so it might be a week
or so something like that but it's gonna
be sick some so sacred alright guys so
I've made it to my parents house um it's
quite chilly out today I'm gonna go and
finish working on the bed and I got to
make it home in time to do our
livestream tonight so make sure you come
and check that out it's a twitch TV for
Tosh Gilroy gaming we're going to be
playing some more destiny tonight I had
a lot of fun playing that last week so
yeah can't wait to get this zombie video
done
gonna be so good and I figured out a
really good ending to get Veronica in it
because as of now she was she could only
do the make up but I wanted to get
Veronica in it and I've come up with a
really good idea so yeah that's what I'm
gonna leave you guys today thank you so
much for watching and I can't wait to
see all of you right back here tomorrow
