thank you hey guys what's happening my
ear feels really really anyway look at
this keep up me I can look up do you
look out there lick me she's not giving
kisses right now Oh lies is wavin anyway
it's Friday evening I gotta go pick up
some wood and we're gonna go to my
parents house get the boys working on
bed a little bit and get ready for
tomorrow tomorrow's gonna be next
it's a Veronica State at home so I can
go get the wood at low so that baby in
the car and all that stuff from jammed
some jams some cherries all the way you
know on the on the 20th Tuesday a few
days from now I'll be jamming to Jeremy
loops live in Columbus at the basement
and I'm pretty fun
there she is we've done that pretty
straight better than the others I see
it's got to be straight
I could I could spend hours in there
looking for the straightest piece and I
got it number three better lie down echo
this day riding in him back with you I
had to put this board across the whole
seats so yeah I got a ride I gotta ride
in the back
there is what yeah we signed you up for
basketball today yes sir would you get
for your birthday
shoes hero mashers remember that
commercial realized yeah where you can
change out all their parts and stuff I
just saw this on TV today this is what
I'm calling out the air hugs shadow
launcher yeah sweet that'll give me some
practice and flying a drone I want a
drone so bad
if anyone wants to give you something
for Christmas you guys can get me the
DJI inspire okay Dallas huh you give me
the DJI inspire for Christmas okay I'm
just looking at I would have said the
hellos to everyone in there but we have
a little bit of time only a little bit
of time to be loud downstairs it's like
almost 7:00 p.m. I don't want to be rude
to the grandparents and be down there
sawing pounding and stuff so you'd hurry
up and cut my wood so I can cut my wood
first things first
our footboard is the piece that we need
to move forward and we've prepped these
other ones so I need to get this one
thinner and
shorter
we're about to puzzle-piece the the
outside of the frame together this is a
pivotal moment so close just a little
filing and sanding but it's almost there
I got caught up in the heat of the
moment we had to do a little sanding a
little filing but look at this boom boom
boom
check these out these definitely we're
gonna sand down so they're so they're
not so they're all flush but this is
what it looks like guys this is the
frame haha well yeah grams sanded this
one down so you could see what it looks
like all flush that's exactly what we
were going for I think it's gonna look
perfect we got the bed frame established
there's a little bit of sanding and
tweaking left to do and then putting in
the crossbeams
and there's a center support that we'll
be putting into and then we start
staining and polyurethane and it's gonna
be so sick I'll tell you what the
feeling of seeing your creation come to
life there's nothing like it right yeah
he knows he's built houses but
Veronica's texting me she says it's time
to get the heck out of here it is
quarter to ten so it's definitely time
to move on poor Eliza's like mad at you
was she mad at me she's boulogne well
clearly she's tired
I sorry the bed's almost done though
nobody nobody nobody shares my
excitement what are you doing
yeah did you show me your tour yet did
you fly it yeah did you have the car you
need the helicopter deserves a
helicopter yet Joyce oh boy we're back
home and I just spent the better part of
about an hour trying to put Eliza back
to sleep I still have a tear look at my
shirt sweat I got baby tears on my on my
shirt she did not want to go to sleep I
come downstairs find monitor Veronica's
puking in the bathroom
hold on around here this house falling
apart I got kind of bummed out grandpa
you know grandpa always talks when I
show up and he talks about everything I
mean I got he helped me pinch the crap
out of my two fingers here he drooled on
me helped me mess up a cut but in the
midst of that he told me in conversation
that you know he's been in the hospital
lately and even he's got about in the
bladder surgery right and he says he
doesn't he doesn't think he wants to do
it he doesn't he says he hurts all the
time the pain in his feet is going all
the way up his back and whether it's
cancerous or not he's gonna tell him
just forget it
that's a really big bummer
go through the treatment but he's just
like for what I don't want to hurt
anymore and that breaks my heart let me
just leave it with a message and that is
that you should hold tight to those who
are dear to you because you never know
when the last day comes you know and be
thankful for the moments that you do
spend with them good or bad because the
bad moments foster even better moments
man Colin you'd be a pretty good drone
pilot dude see she doesn't have any
clothes on that's because she just tips
the cat bowl all over herself you're
looking at a man who doesn't yeah had a
cup of coffee let alone a sip of one
I've already cleaned up multiple messes
this day's gonna start out good but no
worries it's a good day because it's the
zombie party day getting all my
batteries charged the main camera I need
a bunch of these yeah cuz I'm gonna be
wearing like while the actual events
happening I'm gonna be wearing a camera
on my head and I'm gonna like pipe the
charging cable down my back to one of
those big batteries so it lasts the
whole time I thought I was ready before
I leave you guys for today I wanted to
kind of do this with you I'm gonna try
this boiling water towel over the head
like one of the remedies for this home
remedies is steam so I have to have this
boiling water and put a towel over my
head and sit over it and just let the
steam kind of penetrate my face holes
but I'm going to take it one step
farther and use some essential oils and
put in there so it kind of helps it even
more do this Steve alright let's do this
oh all right guys so it's time for us to
get ready
Veronica is in here doing some laundry
she's getting ready the boys are out
here occupying themselves it's time for
me to take a shower get all my gear
together and get ready for this day it's
gonna be super fun chances are by the
time that you're watching this the
likelihood that I've been already killed
and turned into a zombie is a very real
possibility
so with that wish me luck
I've been watching a lot of The Walking
Dead so I'm pretty sure I can handle
myself when it comes to zombies I don't
know we'll see though thanks you guys so
much for watching I can't wait to see
all of you right back here tomorrow
