what's up guys welcome I'm getting ready
to shoot some pieces for my garmin video
check this out you ever seen this before
this is a little mic holder called the
invisible road makes these for their
lavalier microphones I haven't used any
till today it's about to be the first
the first test of them huh so the double
sided sticky tape doesn't even stick to
the actual silicone piece we can
improvise with tape so here's the fun
part I get everything set up I get my
camera all set up for I need some yeah
something like that but this new and
vzyal off deal it's kind of windy out
here and this little device under my
shirt it doesn't allow for the
microphone to have a windscreen so I do
hear a little bit of wind noise and
shirt noise so i'm not i'm not quite
happy with that and I'm out of time to
shoot before we go to Collins
parent-teacher conference so I'm gonna
have to carry my whole set up into the
garage and then shoot it when I come
back most likely in the basement because
we might be out of light I don't know it
might work but I'm gonna have to
reconfigure my mic because I'm not happy
with the sound so
so I had to search everywhere for my
little lapel clip but I've forgot that
it's broken this little solder came off
but I also remembered i have this epoxy
i think it should work if i mix together
little epoxy put a DAB on there it
should put it back together and then
I'll be good to go for when i come back
probably way too much mix it dip it in
there get it nice and covered and just
put it where it goes no no you guys did
but it's strong enough now to sit there
so i'll leave that to dry we'll go to
our parent-teacher conference and by the
time I come back should be solid he
callin did you know what happened at
parent-teacher conferences your teacher
says that you're a super cool kid as
well and he's doing very very good in
his school work huh you remember a while
back the teacher said something like you
know colin has trouble paying attention
the whole a TD thing but i'm happy to
say but that is pretty much passed and
Colin yeah yeah you don't you're not
like you're not like messing up like you
were before which is super awesome and
if my hands were would give you the
biggest high five ever here give me I
back yeah yeah he gets to play games on
the computer if he's good at school
which I know
oh you jump yeah nice Veronica's getting
ready to take the boys to my parents
house they're gonna spend the night over
there my sister is taking carson
shopping for his birthday yeah just
taking both of them tomorrow yeah
shopping tomorrow which is cool and just
take a look at liza's super q hat
doesn't she look like the girl from
despicable me with that hat I I can't
remember you don't remember her name
agathis know the smaller one what's the
smaller girl's name the middle girl yeah
she always wore the Hat you're so cute
Liza all right boys you have fun okay
hmm Agnes no Agnes is the little one
yeah yeah I don't know well you have fun
okay come on Agnes I love you let's go
be good okay thumbs up I Colin you be
good sir okay good to play blah blah
blah blah blah blah what are you my
little gamer I'll see you in a bit Liza
they loved you we're not gonna be here
tonight don't you leave me um I'll be
here waiting for you to get home I'll be
back shortly i'm gonna wash we're gonna
watch the in andreas huh waffles okay
love you i literally had to come down
here and dust off the studio so i could
film this video we ran out of time at
Collins parent teacher conference came
back and there wasn't enough light for
me to finish outside so we had to come
down here which is in bad i mean look i
am i special camera gear set up i love
this set up by the way it's so great the
only thing i wish i had was a bigger
screen like a monitor that could mount
down here so i could see better give
the way the camera this is the new still
in the box verb XE you're getting a hat
you're gonna head strap mount base kit
and a garmin t-shirt sometimes pretty
cool if you didn't win I'm not gonna
tell you guys in the vlog because you'll
find out tomorrow but if you didn't win
don't be discouraged there'll be more
giveaways always more giveaways what
should we give away next that's what I
want to know put it down in the comments
section what should we give away next
watching sin and dress I want to I want
to tonight's been kind of busy for me
filming and editing I'm most the way
through that video already I kind of
want snack what could give me the store
with me this is my water Pop's gotta
have him huh so it's just me barometer
the dog baby lives upstairs time for a
movie and we all know how this is gonna
turn out hmm anytime I try to watch
movies at night Branca passes out yeah I
bet I'll do no no no no so let's just
make it coffee time
hey girls morning cheers Cheers I can't
hear what I can't hear why I can't hear
anything I don't know how much longer I
can deal with this I'm just gonna cut my
ears off hold on i'm just gonna use this
knife to just cut my ear off in listen
I'm up here wrapping up the rest of this
video this i'm exporting right now the
brand new garmin virb xt review beating
up Veronica brings me this masterpiece
honey you didn't have to thank you so
much and a pizza so thank you hey I'll
be down a little bit I promise I'm
almost done I'm sorry it takes a longer
do this I'm sorry I'm sorry gosh such a
Neanderthal you know what I realized I
didn't say anything about the San
Andreas move you last night we watched
it I stayed awake through the whole
thing and it was pretty good it's a good
movie aside from really some reason
really cheesy see GFX CGI it was a good
story it had me suspenseful had a few
minutes which is you know the point of
the movies so did its job it's a pretty
good movie but i'm finishing up today's
vlog check out the gilroy reviews and
how to's channel and watch my garmin
virb XE review that should be posted by
the time you see this actress posted
right now so go check that out for me
i'll leave a link in the description
congratulations to the winner I think
you might find it funny how I pronounce
our username
um but it's just that's me I'm goofy
tomorrow as you're seeing this today's
Friday tomorrow is the zombie survival
party and I'm pretty pumped I think I
have all the clips that I need for the
pre apocalyptic event but most of the
other stuff that I'm going to be filming
is the day up so I can't really film
anything else so unfortunately that's
where I got to leave you guys today got
a lot to get done much to do a little
time to do it in so thank you so much
for watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
you
