yeah what's up guys welcome to our day I
hope you're having a fantastic day we
are actually starting the video quite
late today but right in the middle of
our twitch livestream make sure everyone
says what's up what's up we started a
brand new game well I've already played
destiny but we're starting the game
destiny fresh from the start with
everyone on twitch so we can all follow
the game together and I got Zach here
with me hi everybody snap chatting it up
I'm sorry don't be sorry I like it I
love it say what's up guys that's what
I'm talking about I'm glad you guys are
here with us let's have some fun I'm
about the fall semester dark beyond on
the moon are you gonna take over yeah
I'm gonna at least try to be this okay
okay just try live streams over it went
from just me and Zach to then dallas and
then there's Sarah and and then there's
really not nothing happened we've got
some videos to shoot who wants to be in
Zak all right here's here's the deal
where's that phone app where's that pona
we have an iphone 6 with a cracked
screen it's love that's what he needs
flow it's so fluffy okay it's fluff all
right it's fluffed and so we're gonna
unlock it this guy's definitely jacked
up who did it do you think love me drop
it once and it was a tempered glass on
there and it shattered with the tempered
glass that's very unfortunate drop it
from like to view no worries we have a
replacement screen right here boom boom
we're gonna fix that thing right now
alright we just finished filming this
little video this is the broken screen
this is the new screen nice perfect I
don't know why though this was a white
screen before oh my gosh you can blow
her her nut cases just went crazy well
this is a white screen and he got a
black replacement so he didn't get a
black button so there's a black screen
with the white button which is kind of
cool i like the off side huh it turned
out really well there you go dude thank
you she blogs the texture accusing
others named Jesus oh boy daddy gets
here yeah he didn't really good she's
like how much longer is this gonna be
five hours but it was one hour I could
show you the option all right boys it's
time to brush teeth let's roll out yeah
they're getting in on man what do you
mean no it's a wrestle session nope it's
your turn fair was passed out it's
allowed
did you give her kiss yeah come on
Carson look at deko oh okays all passed
out they're gonna be best friends look
before fluffy would just run downstairs
a cracker came in now now he's sleeping
beside her above I know but technically
is the cider come on come on tell me
goodnight sweetheart no love you you got
cover up so you don't get hold that time
of year again who's your pillow case we
go wash it oh so unfortunately guys I
have a little bit of work to do on my
garmin review video and then I want to
catch some sleep too I haven't I didn't
sleep very good last night and my ear is
is really it's really bad really really
bad and I had a different plan for
today's video but we didn't get to do
that either so I'm going to finish the
Edit on my grandmum review video and
then I'm gonna catch some sleep it's all
see you guys in like one second
good morning everyone
that's my friend James Barbara would say
was that guy currently having breakfast
in the Jeep
we're on our way to a doctor's
appointment
maybe doctors one
routine check
it's gonna check in check
liron check the nice little doctors
visit they had the sometimes you know
doctors offices have the medical
students in there and you know they're
learning so when they're filling out
paperwork asking questions stuff they
always take forever right yeah how do
you feel you feel that
Oh
honey of all the things I have to do
today and you dragged me to the grocery
you can't tell your pregnant wife No
oh snap san andreas is out we're
watching movies tonight such a fun day
at the store today found out today to we
have course a Collins parent-teacher
conference tonight I'm excited to find
out about that one that one should be me
till we're back home I got all the
groceries put away I'm gonna make myself
some biscuits and gravy which is kind of
random for the time of day but it's
whatever it's whatever and for the rest
of day I need to work on finishing up my
Garmin VirB review this camera is
actually super super cool a little bit
different as far as the first generation
in design but it's the last chance for
you guys to get in on the giveaway all
you have to do is go follow on instagram
garmin outdoor check that check out this
something right your garmin outdoor go
follow their account and leave a comment
telling us why you deserve to win this
camera what cool things would you do
with it say something in the comments
section and grab our attention and make
us believe that you should have this
camera and it's I'm telling it's a
really cool camera so tomorrow that
video should be posted and we'll
announce the winner so it is the
absolute last chance for you guys to get
in on that so don't miss out and I think
that's about all I have for you guys
today it's been kind of a crazy day not
really I just have an ear infection
something thank you guys so much for
watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
