what's up guys you caught us right in
the middle of a high-speed chase chasing
this car right here I don't even know
who it is I don't even know why I'm
chasing them I'm just kidding online
we're trying to get over to my brothers
as quickly as possible it's currently
442 p.m. and we're trying to be the
sunset we're trying to get some filming
done I got PJ with me Carson and
Paxton's back there yeah we just I
should've I Drive in Sinking whoa look
at Josh's crazy stuff he's already got
some look back there two in the shop or
the little Playhouse as zombies don't
enter that's creepy zombies maybe that
means there's zombies don't enter
because there's zombies oh snap ain't
going in there probably zombies that was
that was here when we got here the blue
sky stuff and then cloudy cloudy cloudy
and then what the heck is this I know
that but if it's gonna rain then that's
bad well I don't know what to tell you
Josh was he wasn't here when we got here
but he's here now we were just talking
about what are we gonna do how we gonna
do this we're gonna try and get some
shots weather permitting PJ's gonna be
like a hunter okay out in the woods
doing his thing and then all of a sudden
this little baby kid zombie Chloe she's
gonna be all zombified she's gonna pop
out of nowhere and while PJ is
distracted looking at this deer blind
Chloe's going to reach up and bite him
or sneak up behind him invite him so
just that interest ignorance is what
we're after right now you guys were
gonna behind the scenes sneak peek at
the actual playing field for the zombie
party that's right
to be epic we're coming back to uh so
the story is Josh right basically Josh
and a couple others are going to be like
guards or foot soldiers right and
they're going to capture us who are the
survivors and we're going to be
blindfolded and zip-tied you take in
here to this campsite alright and we're
gonna have to find supplies which are
different like objectives I'm logged in
yeah different objectives supplies
things that we have to get before we get
back to where a bar up by your house
well get the vector cameras if you like
okay well you're supplied they're not
scattered everywhere did you imagine a
whole horde of zombies rolling up on you
right here mm-hmm
no sir you guys do make up okay have fun
we're gonna go get our shots shot Jack
Jack Jack Jack alright we've already got
a couple shots because we're literally
racing the light I'm on with out but
we've got some really cool shots of old
PJ as if as a hunter and he's discovered
this this deer blind right here right so
he's walking finds it and then he's
inside it checking stuff out and then
all of a sudden he hears a little girl
crying in the distance and he's like
what it was he pulls up his crossbow and
looks through the scope and then he's
scanning this area and boom he sees
little Chloe crouched over there panics
he thinks it's a girl he runs out he's
running across the field and then he
approaches the girl and she's just
kneeling down on the ground leg and then
she turns ah and bites him
and then PJ is a zombie and boom the
video starts huh sounds epic right it's
gonna be awesome
don't kid yourself it's gonna be awesome
you listening I'm listening
here's what you're gonna do we just saw
the shot where you were looking through
the scope right right so you're gonna
take it down and run you're gonna run
you gonna run to this drill that works
just for a caveat I want to see it I
want a shot of this
just out of reach so like you're this
far away from it and she attacks you
when you can't reach it but your
crossbow is right there
well how about you took a video of him
getting beaten through the scope of the
crossbows laying on the ground no that's
okay well we'll do that at the end
that'll be a ground level zoom shot so
the background is blurring you see her
pie oh I'm he Jane's neck right there
the weaknesses after he gets bit but we
got to do makeup this work on PJ yeah
yes Vijay
I just told PJ how he's got act wise
being I forgot eaten by the zombie yeah
you got you figure you have to scream
and you have to scream and I want to see
I want to hear a test string test but
I've never been eaten by a zombie so
just try just practice to be like oh
that sounds pretty echoey in the woods
man I know let's hear your test scream
oh I just did one weight test screaming
I will do it yeah you want to spur the
moment spur of the moment all right
what is what PJ is really trying to say
is he doesn't wanna do it on camera for
a vlog so well just wait I does it I'll
be recording hmm well you look pretty
scary girl
oh really that's alright
oh my gosh okay nice Chloe you look
pretty scary even even without like that
even if you just think right in here so
it wouldn't look bad awesome
special hair and makeup is on the job
what are we going for here Samantha
breakfast again that's gonna open wounds
nice gonna get my throat ripped out you
know I think that's fantastic
me too good check that out check out PJ
mess it's crime scene man what when you
start going act like you're biting his
neck you don't actually have to bite his
neck hey watch let's put your head right
here and rock back and forth like that
and then come up like this huh
get the blood on the mouth yeah I'm
gonna put a little butter on your mouth
ah ah shake your head like this back and
forth as hard as you can I probably do
um it actually is getting creepy back
here we just finished our shooting and
Chloe was awesome good job Chloe
long distance high five there you go oh
I better try and make it down here
safely oh no Carson Carson what happened
that's funny
thank you I'm gonna shoot you ready
they're gonna stay that time no carpet
who is that Liza who is that
you did awesome today high-five good
acting you got a future that was fun I
can't wait to film the rest this is such
a quick sequence resume okay yeah
all right Josh damn see you later oh I
need an onion that onion I'll tell you
more about that onion when we get home
what we're gonna try some grace hey what
are you guys to everyone good night hey
and you fell down here I'll help you I
can just barely reach come on I can't
read you oh oh no he's dead Oh careful
Carla yeah for a second there I thought
you guys had matching PJ's so I'm about
to do something pretty strange and the
reason is my ear is it's not so much my
whole head anymore it's my ear this one
ear is super irritated it's almost like
an ear infection Samantha my brother's
wife said to take an onion and hold it
over your ear and it will help draw out
the infection or whatever but you have
to like heat it in the oven I figured
the microwave is just as good so I'm
going to put this to the test two
minutes she did say you have to cook it
until it's like steaming this is
definitely definitely pretty warm
that's onion
you can see the steam yeah so I guess
now you take this warm onion and put it
in a cloth I guess all want it like this
and I'll hold it on my ear she said for
maybe like an hour and she found
immediate relief what's who happens so
it was at least one hour either that
absolutely does not work or I don't have
an ear infection I'm gonna have to go
back to the doctor tomorrow I think
let's just have some coffee Oh running
low what the matter is we hard who are
you sleeping Eliza had eggs for
breakfast didn't check you had eggs for
breakfast huh little teeny ones yeah
here stand up stand up stand up girl
you can do it for the course of last
night throughout the day my ear kept
getting more and more irritated and this
morning I woke up with it's pretty much
a hundred percent blocked I can't like
if you rub your ear you can hear your
finger rubbing that skin and it's like
really loud that side nothing this side
I can hear perfect this side it's bad
but I'm not gonna be a complainer I'm
just gonna deal with it and go about my
day it sucks but there's nothing I can
do about it
so on that note pretty excited because I
have someone special coming to see us
today film a video we haven't seen him
for quite a while he should be here any
minute
Oh our camera record
but look who's here hi
Lizzy's not sure about this she hasn't
cried yet though she hasn't cried no
that's good she's just one yeah who is
that Liza hi who is that guy
Rohan a date man a baby date okay hey
you got forms to fill out bro I'm on my
baby date we're gonna go to the ball
pits or go to the aquarium yeah go to
the zoo and load you up on cotton candy
and all kinds of sugar and then drop you
dog please no no no no no she's not
ready for that
look I'm so impressed man she has not
pried her she's the most awesome kid
you've ever seen she smells like a baby
in here though yeah well babies in the
air I'm used to that and this one I get
worse again what are you gonna do I'm
gonna drink lots of coffee Oh give me a
hug dude I have this effect on Malik
Eliza have this affected please love a
right she's like Molina knit look Dennis
over there doing what he always does
want to come to my house it's it's
Dennis would be it would be a problem if
Dennis came over and didn't go through
my fridge I'd have to ask him what's
wrong hungry fella you want some eggs
some hand okay yeah man hey you can whip
up one of those famous omelets if you
want I don't have any chicken more
spinach or tomatoes all right Dennis you
about ready Dennis is about ready
Veronica you about ready yeah
this is Veronica's shining moment she's
about to be Dennis Dennis wanted to come
by a shoot a little how to print video
yes all those pictures on Rod is putting
up the zombie makeups very key makeups
yeah she's actually really good at it
and she's only gotten better yeah I
think those are just Photoshop so here's
see if that's the real deal
I'll put it on the how-to so yeah so
we're going to film a little video and I
think this is the perfect time to cut
today's video we'll pick up tomorrow and
see you right back here tomorrow right
there you know we're not there yet but
what we are there now so yeah guys so
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see all of you right back
here
