I didn't realize that not only do the
backseats lay down but this passenger
seat lays down too which makes it so
much easier for hole in this wood how
you doing today guys good to see you
we're gonna finish working on this bed
today what are you doing yeah you ready
to go yeah you're coming with me right
okay no we can't keep an eye on her
mommy will be here mommy will be here
Colin doesn't want to go but Carson does
so he's coming with me and we're gonna
go finish working on this come on we're
leaving new person yeah love you don't
work too hard
we'll be back in a bit
only the life of a dad you'd have a
dirty diaper in your in your trunk I'm
super pumped today you guys today's
gonna be a fun day you know why because
we're gonna do some work on the bed you
know one step closer to finishing that
project we got our livestream tonight
we're gonna play some games with you
gladiators and then later tonight is the
world premiere of the new season of The
Walking Dead and you know me I'm a huge
fan of The Walking Dead so I cannot wait
for this new season to start I just hope
and pray that it's two times better than
last season five times better than the
season before that back in the shop with
my old man happy say that happy Sunday
dad I'm sorry you got you working on
Sunday yeah it's Sunday already yep
so we've got the wood I picked up
recently we're gonna finish up the
headboard there we're gonna work on the
side rails and the foot rails
and that like the cool joint that I was
talking about before it's gonna be very
tricky I had to get a new saw blade for
the bandsaw we'll see what happens man
we were just we just started working and
didn't even take a look at the time
because just now it's 4:14
I got a livestream at 5 p.m. I've only
got like 15 more minutes we basically
spent most of our time getting these
corner joints just right for the side
rails and then I just got all these
these two feet perfectly squared up and
we're about to cut them and I realized
what was that even in the daytime it's
dark in here it's crazy let's go we're
gonna be late for livestream you tell
grandma bye and your shoes yeah you got
have shoes on did you have fun yeah
we're like running running to get out of
here on time oh yeah its livestream time
oh look at my bed here real quickly not
so funny story Carson comes in here this
morning says daddy what he feels a bit
what's what's this and it's wet the
dog's been sleeping with us at night yes
tell him what happened he peed on my bed
I don't want to go any further into all
right let's do everything set up all
right so our live stream is over I don't
think I filmed any of that Norman did I
vlog during the live stream no I did not
vlog during the live stream I do
apologize it was a good live stream
Norman's been helping me out being my
moderator so many things I wouldn't have
gotten accomplished if it wasn't for
Norman you guys give Norman a big shout
out shout out to Norman TV Roy gaming
nope dude look at this he's doing promos
we'll destroy well yeah we're getting
good at this I think Clara no I'll let
them decide if it's worth watching or
not my gosh the new season is we just
caught up with the very last episode
Morgan's show so you remember Morgan
from the very first season I think the
guide the wife's husband just cut the
throat of the the woman's husband and
now that he's dead and Rick shot the guy
Morgan shows up and it's time for the
next episode
look at that shot of zombies you bought
all your highness take it let's see what
you do she wants spoon-fed take it grab
it with your hands ready you're closer
today hey show me not sure he's going
for the big reveal
yeah that's awesome
Arctic camo ok I'm putting you on the
news I'm still putting you on the news
her windows dude everything's fogged up
it was super funny this morning yeah
everything's all hung up we we haven't
been parking the vehicles inside the
garage for a while actually
Oh your bus is here come on love you
have a good day of school happy Monday
see you after school ok bye I love you
bye
wasn't that season premiere of The
Walking Dead something special I we went
to bed right after because the school
night and Branka didn't feel good but
that was the most intense I don't want
to say too much because I don't want to
spoil it for any of you guys you haven't
seen yet but that was one of the most
intense season premieres I think the
show has ever had it was very very
exciting and I can't wait for the season
I said in yesterday in the beginning I
wanted this one to really blow my socks
off because the last couple seasons were
kind of man but this one was great Glenn
Rick Maggie
Carol I always forget the guy with the
chops
I always forget his name but this is a
good this is gonna be a good season you
guys ready for school oh I got a push
shoes on Oh - right okay have a great
Monday I'll see you when you get home
lovely long time
I can't say I blame him cartoons put me
to sleep too but guys here's what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna keep this video going
we're gonna go back to my mom's and make
some more progress on this bed we've
been building and yesterday it was kind
of short I had a lot of stuff to do very
busy running all over we're gonna we're
gonna keep going but first it's time for
a shower so I'm here at my mom's I just
showed up while grandma's actually
grandma's the straightness of my mom's
butt check out this room remember guys
when we were building this okay now it's
all finished ceiling fans the windows in
there it's got actual flooring TV
grandma you're livin large up here we
got Dora grandpa he made that right it's
awesome you're lucky ain't your lucky
gal I wish he could get pregnant
I guess the shop so check this out
couple things let me pull up this
picture
my dad texted me last night after I left
here and got home and his message says
only we had a problem and he sends me
this picture and basically that's that's
the rails for the headboard that you see
right there and everything's all tore
off the back boards and everything and I
I called him immediately I'm like what
happened
I guess he goes the width was too wide I
had my measurements off so he had to
take all that apart luckily it was
screwed and then shorten shortened it
grandpa made these feet which is pretty
cool
I have to trim this down a little bit
so really I'm just finishing these feet
pieces and cutting the side rails and
stuff today
okay so I got my side rails cut these
would be the rails that go down inside
the bed
but unfortunately my after gorillas
because I I miss measured this footboard
piece so basically where the side rail
comes out of here has to be even with
this this notch here but I measured it
to be flush with the outside but it's
gonna come in here so I forgot to add an
inch in 3/4 times 2 and so on this this
side I'm gonna be short so I got to get
another 2 by 8 I know stupid mistake
measure twice cut once all a joint it's
all gonna fit together right like this
flush here flush here and this part will
be cut out so the bed can sit down like
down towards the bottom so it's getting
there I just I'm gonna have to go get
more wood now and and we'll have to
finish this up tomorrow
because tonight we're gonna go do some
zombie makeup and film do some cinematic
shots for this party coming up next week
I'm pretty excited about so
unfortunately I can't do much more with
this and I had to leave my dad a little
note oops yeah I literally just pulled
in as Veronica pulled back in from the
grocery right here is really bothering
me today guys so when did you get the
stuff from in town for the makeup
Veronica's putting hers her skills to
actual videotaped use this evening yeah
DJ's on his way he's gonna play the
zombie tonight Josh I'm hoping he's done
with work because we're gonna go over
there soon and start doing PJs
Meiko and josh has to be the hunter this
whole scene I have mapped out I'll tell
you more about it in tomorrow's video
but for now I gotta hurry up and edit
this video so we can move on so that is
unfortunately where we leave you guys
today
now listen sorry today's video is a
little weird all over the place actually
but uh I'm so good I'm spread too thin I
feel like I feel like I'm thinner than
on classroom graph thank you guys so
much for watching I can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
