good morning guys
some on my way to Scotty's and we're
gonna film today but I had to pull off
here and enjoy this for one minute look
at that all the fall colors are full
effect the orange is the yellow the
brown it's beautiful it's such a
beautiful day I just felt like it was
important for me to stop and enjoy
what's been given to us today we got
work to do
let's move on all right Scottie you
ready
you know what first first what do you
think about this day look at the sky
dude look at look at the beautiful sky
and the colors but note the temperature
Scottie doesn't have a trailer to haul
this guy around so he's gotta drive it
to where we're going how far away is it
how many miles so he's gonna drive this
it's all backwards to where we're going
he's gonna drive this it's pretty chilly
yeah okay okay that's probably it so I
had to stop us pull us off because
actually this is a perfect opportunity
to put the verb on Scottie cuz dude I
just clocked and rolling it like 65 70
miles per hour yeah so these these verbs
have the ability to capture data while
you're recording for instance speed and
g-force but more importantly for this
one yeah it does g-force right yeah so
we're gonna we're gonna mount him up and
track his speed for a shot for the video
you know got like a butler two mounts I
think maybe either the chest mount or
the handlebar mount which one
maybe the chest I think the chest would
be cool it'll go on over your coat you
can make it fit me yeah
sit on that we are in full-on
backcountry narrow gravel roads Scotty's
kickin up to us this is where all the
beautiful scenery
do we made it look at this place it's so
pretty man even though I hate fall on
the cold weather and the impending doom
of winter the colors and fall is
something to really appreciate you know
pumpkins yeah like this out one of my
favorite things to drink while we're out
in the cold coffee I love this thermos I
don't leave house without it if I can't
if I can help it it's always so hot nice
so we've already got some b-roll shots
of the four wheeler and the first mounts
and I'm gonna get a bunch of like
close-ups of all the mounts that they
gave me and and then take them back on
this trail and show you guys the
differences between what Mount gives you
what perspective yeah I think of all of
them my favorite is the chest mount it's
a pretty cool perspective but uh yeah
we're just out here enjoying the weather
filming videos drinking coffee
it's awesome alright see this cameras in
a tree right now
that was funnier than my bail we think
Scottie you have fun yeah yeah it's a
little tedious filming videos like this
cuz like we're just doing all the b-roll
shots and stuff like that and the action
shots with the four-wheeler and then of
course when you see the video you'll see
that I've moved to a different location
and the studio aka basement
and we'll pick up where the giveaway
starts and all that other stuff but
we're gonna go down here to this pond
right now and get the water proof shot I
want this pond all day so back here
getting this shot the slow-motion shot I
got a ground level down here
we're showing off the cameras capability
of doing
at 7:20 Red's go the other way dude go
the other way Jimmy would you show how
it's done dude
watch it
yeah yeah I don't work yeah covered in
mud now Scott's my product stylists
doing good doing good this is the shot
that I'll use to show all the different
accessories look just like go pros got a
ton of accessories so does Garmin tons
Oh Tim's making progress
I'm looking at it would you look at
level he looked at it and he looked at
it but Tim you're not looking at it
would you look at just look at just Tim
just look at it step back and take a
look when you look at it but you just
got to take a look would you look at
that Scotty look at it look at would you
just look at it I'd run to avoid driving
for over l'homme instead put it in the
back of this truck you think it'll fit
as a wide-enough
beer cans that's pretty fine you
couldn't see it but it almost got me
rolled downhill on top of me I could
have died
now
on our train ride we went through the
Train right here so we
first rate
figured I would at least love the train
ride for you guys since I didn't well
his vlog any of the shopping she's
shopping with their kids we go
yeah
this baby Quinton
yeah
like that ji-hye
no banker room in the caboose yeah
we'll get up here with the babies graeme
can sit back there with the older kids
yeah oh you're gonna pass up my back
there I want pictures every day the guys
reachable like annual picture dream ride
over green camps and we've added a
couple pointers here
ready
so apparently this time of the year you
can come on this train ride and they
have a little tiny pumpkin patch that
you can you pay extra to get a pumpkin
ticket and you can get out and get a
pumpkin on this train ride the Grammy
and we're getting one bump in the
Grammys get in the pumpkin okay they're
saying yeah we're staying in your you
know that you don't get a puppy no we're
not getting a pumpkin left
are they free are they free oh okay what
is it she's like I don't know what could
a pumpkin feel it feel it feel Eliza
Oh
they work on the train
I created for Halloween but they don't
they had a big dream pumpkin right there
you know it really sucks
I just pulling the driveway to come home
and edit the vlog because I left early
early this morning because that's what
Scotty had time for and I was gonna edit
the vlog when I came home but uh the
house is locked I don't have keys to get
in so I have to wait for Veronica to get
home and she won't be home for another
two hours
PJ just pulled in and music why you just
showing your car I'm locked out dude all
you're locked out I figure out my keys
forget your keys to your own house no
I'm gonna have someone hang out though
while mine yeah yeah yeah yeah and then
what I'd have been over here okay
minutes ago oh so Josh just did the
drawing my brother did the drawing for
the zombie apocalypse party
and the results are in I am a survivor
PJ's a zombie dude this is gonna be the
greatest ever well whatever I'm gonna
come at somebody home a me beat somebody
come at me bro oh you know much Walking
Dead I watch I'm a fast song ain't gonna
ain't gonna happen
Oh whose Snapdragon so I saw a couple of
comments this is gonna be another
retarded party yeah right just she
watches would be the best thing ever
another return when was the first
retarded nadila in 1920s party it was
all a retarded cuz they weren't there
yeah yeah that's true and it was hard to
capture it
white gotta hate don't hate what's your
party's look like yeah so some time has
passed and PJ's here with me but you
know we weren't satisfied with that we
decided to periscope now I have so many
awesome people hanging out with us on
periscope say what's up guys
they don't ever focus this light makes
me look weird prank me with the milk
yeah all day so I was just telling them
about the milk in the garage yeah I have
I have some prank props set up in the
garage still waiting on sign of
intelligent life
captain's law 2017 there seems to be no
life outside this car so you're telling
me this whole time I've been sitting
here and you have a key right over there
I'm proof for 6:24 p.m. hey what you do
in this guy we love it but this guy
that's good hey they got a key right
game just right like what 40 feet away
if that we're gonna go inside now
yeah it never felt so good to turn that
key and open the door let's just say I
won't forget him my key anymore that's
for sure
yeah she is excited huh
oh don't let her bite you at our no say
no echo what's up dude you got a pumpkin
new kicks nice dead get maybe lies
there's my dude Colin would you get
so yeah dinosaur feet look really a
scumbag is your take from your trip I
miss you honey I really did i sat in the
driveway for so long
why didn't she didn't answer me that's
why I didn't go over there she you
texted her drive everyone text no one
uses their phone driveway for cars out
of walked over there thanks for hanging
out with me dude while I was stranded in
my car well some people help friends
demo their houses some people help
friends sit in cars while they're locked
out yeah it was fun just enjoying some I
can't believe it's time for bed I don't
want you good mommy wants mommy wants
you guys to go to bed so we can have
some Netflix in chill time
so it's morning good morning boys are a
pretty adamant about carving the
pumpkins that they got yesterday they've
already drawn places on construction
paper and actually on the pumpkins look
that's my pumpkin let's get it done
what's the first step Colin car the caps
of the pumpkins Oz yep
put it back on the cardboard be afraid
to get your hands dirty boys whoa
it's great scrape scrape scrape thank
you did it did it to scrape scrape
scrape did it it didn't scrape your
pumpkins did it it do to scrape your
pumpkin doot doot doot doot doot look
this guy's we're making our own music
here it's glowing already yes I had to
cut the eyes out for mr. Kollin and this
will be the tricky part because you want
a big mouth with teeth there is you're
gonna have to clean up his black lines
but there's your pumpkin with lots of
teeth this one's got pumpkin fangs you
like it this is sweet
yep is it awesome yeah all right so you
got some early morning pumpkin carving
in quite chilly outside that's for sure
did you like their compunctions yeah
they're just basic basic pumpkins it's
still early yeah we're gonna go get some
other pumpkins and dude I want to do
again some even cooler you know last
year we did the ones with the teeth
where we had like shave off the pumpkin
and actually carve into the meat of it I
want to do another kind of design like
that but we're gonna save that for the
pumpkin farm don't come back
yeah but for me today I think I should
definitely go work on our bed and get
that finished you know what that means
it's time for me to get the editing done
wrap up today's video make sure you guys
tune in to my twitch channel twitch TV
for slash Gilroy gaming tonight we'll be
streaming live with you guys I'm gonna
try and get some tweets out there so you
guys know what's happening and maybe one
get some of you in there to play with us
which I think would be really cool so
that's all we got for you guys today
thank you so much for watching you can't
wait to catch you all right back here
