what's up guys happy freakin Friday it's
Friday most exciting day of the week and
I'm currently at the bus stop waiting
for Carson to get off the bus driver
just sold me out here and stop she goes
I'm running a little bit behind I guess
they had emergency drills remember in
high school or school in general when
you ride the bus they have those
emergency drills where we have to get
out the back and stuff I always love
those so I guess that's what they're
doing and so she's about 30 minutes
behind
I have a girl what you doing Eliza just
had a nappy your brothers are gonna be
home from school soon you cannot get up
yeah
more echo echoes like I want some
attention you want some attention huh
when baby Liza just woke up who is it
who's that my house there he is
so been waiting for PJ to come pick up
packs old packs in and there's been kind
of a change of plans
Veronica's still gonna go to my
brother's tonight and do some more the
zombie makeup stuff tomorrow
she and all the kids are going shopping
with their grandma hall and so I'm left
to film the Garmon review video but I
need Scotty's help and in order to have
his help tomorrow I have to help him
tonight so we're gonna go help Scott
demo some more of this house everyone's
favorite bearded man it's Scotty Scotty
your beard is looking pretty beardy
beardy
he's the bee he's the bearded the
bearded beauty Scott is I feel like we
just met up to go to work
oh yeah carpooling doing the word yeah
I've only been off work for a little
couple hours yeah yeah drove home for
two hours really yeah it's two hours
well here's the upside dude but I get
paid to drive - yeah but now you're
you're going to work with a buddy we're
gonna tear up some more stuff we got to
take down this post and this dumpster is
getting way full someone's gonna have to
go in there
I got hmm
first safety first check me out
carpenter Gil Fitz what you guys put in
here mothballs really you're messing
with me look with the tour down these
walls and installation Lindsay did that
holy cow oh yeah time for some more
destruction
I heard loud noise oh yes Lindsay you
bring me a flat screwdriver flat
screwdriver so funny I scared poop back
I know Scott let me do that
come on you've been working all day
Scott Scott Scott you're not gonna get
out of there dude let's use the salt
salt let's just beat it with a hammer so
first we're gonna do that too oh my god
don't touch the food everyone's working
on their respective rooms Scotty's in
the bathroom these guys are going out
this fall I'm gonna go in here and pull
out this wall Wow yep I'm on it I'm on
this one
that's what that's the cue lights are
going off we're done for the night I
busted my face we had peas with mouse
turds
we found marbles in the wall somebody
lost their marbles it was fun but it's
time to get back out here
Scott Lindsey thanks for having me let's
go home any time ha ha I'm not coming am
leaving I'll see you in the morning see
ya
Scott he's coming to help me with the
video tomorrow yes it's been a while
since I've actually participated yeah no
I know
all right I'll see you tomorrow yeah
well it feels good to be home I had to
change out of all of my nasty clothes
I was Josh's forgot to vlog baby I was
trying to who's doing a different
technique with like yarn yeah her veins
yeah we found in the walls there was
Hornets nests in the walls oh I'm about
to take shower good morning guys
it's been a it's an early morning so far
Ronnie and the kids already ready to
leave
Carson's out here being a zombie
baby Liza's getting packed up where you
going
they're going to the the Lodi place
again remember I think it was a while
back they went before you're going back
to get school clothes and stuff yeah
some winter clothes Carson you be good
okay hey be good for mommy okay you
promise okay
you be good okay you promise okay take
care baby girl all right I've got my
bags packed all my gears together
getting ready to head out to film my
idea is to use the four wheeler and
focus on the differences between the
first generation and the second
generation which is pretty big because
like here I have him here this is the
first generation verb and this is the
second generation so they're very
different but they have a lot of
similarities in the designs and stuff so
we'll go over that make sure you guys
keep an eye out next Friday is when
we'll be posting the review and
announcing the winner of the brand-new
Garmin VirB X E so make sure you get on
on that the details were in yesterday's
video but quickly if you go follow
garmin outdoor on their Instagram
account and then comment why you want to
win and we'll pick the best comment out
of those Instagram comments so that's
how you can win it well I gotta hit the
road we got to get started with our day
and yeah that's all I got for you on
this one thank you guys so much for
watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
you
