what's up guys we're at the doctor's
office right now we're the only ones
here this whole place out what are we
doing just an ultrasound nothing more
nothing less
chances are it's still gonna be just a
little little in there but still hold
see here the heart Peter because I just
sound like a boy Harmeet can you tell
that was so exciting
the most precious part about being
pregnant was here in that first
heartbeat no so it's growing
no she's that big I said she
I think it's Annie you did
you were in a bad mood earlier 24 hours
a day yeah that's probably why you
didn't see Veronica in the video much
yesterday I don't I don't want to show
her when she's feeling bad I don't feel
like she wants to be on camera so that's
why we we leave Veronica when she's
feeling bad but you look super happy now
so instead of our ritual Tim Horton's
run after the doctor's office we decided
to go to a place oh so familiar
it's Christie's pizza if you follow the
channel you know that for a long long
time I worked at Christie's pizza / pop
news because they get Christie's pizza
owns papa booth and I was here when they
built that Christie's grill the
Christie's yeah you worked there yep
chances are Jill will be in here I think
that their car right there the girl one
of the girls that used to serve here is
serving right now she's on the back to
get Jill Jill was my egg
co manager
she's super funny tell her to come now
Jill's taking too long I'm going back
there she's a good employee look
the ovens backing up she's taking care
of it
excuse me ma'am there's a problem at
Table four so you guys one of the things
that put crispy pizza on the map is the
subs you cannot be a Christie sub Bronk
we got the Italian I got the turkey
bacon Club Carson tome Bubba yeah don't
go back that way there's poison ivy dude
yeah echo echo come oh geez
did I scare you
did I scare you dude yeah floatie
welcome home miss Jen Curt were you
cleaning the garage today
no please you decided to come over and
hang out with his shirt off
why do you what where's your shirt
actually on the garage it's dirty there
you go ladies
check out that tattoo that adds 15
percent more hotness right 50% more
hotness rad cheer mmm-hmm okay honey
have fun at the store run going to the
store to get some things what are you
driving why are you grabbing these items
hey we need some food items but I'm
getting new things to make like the
zombie makeup yeah zombie skin like the
skin yeah with less than Orthodox
materials what are you getting toilet
paper just one toilet paper toilet paper
how do you make zombies kin out of
toilet paper you scrunch you up dude
whatever he said is alive because I
don't even know him God all right hurry
back I love you zombie
I couldn't find the right right paint
and I didn't want to go all the way in
town
what about Family Dollar approached
shadow dancers price I've done some
dishes instead of catching up on some
destiny I just had Veronica take a
picture of me in the chair holding the
xbox controller because I have this idea
this concept for the channel art for
twitch for the Gilroy gaming it just
bear with me a second I want to take
something like this right have me in a
unique pose like that but like Photoshop
a bunch of like light trails behind me
and like maybe video game character
something like that to be the art for
the channel because we're gonna play all
kinds of games it's not just woman and I
wanted to make something cool instead of
just text I want to use my Photoshop I
missed using my photoshop skills I don't
do it enough so what do you think taking
something like this obviously cut me out
and black out the screen behind and then
do a bunch of light like trail players
it's pancakes and eggs for dinner
yeah she's like I want breakfast for
dinner
whatevs we're going to experiment here I
have to do we're gonna experiment with
some of the zombie skin texturing that
we're gonna be doing in the two weekends
it's really simple and it's gonna blow
your mind once you see it but PJ's on
his way to be our model there he is now
he's gonna bring the paint that we need
PJ what's up saves the day with a box
full of paint always comes that was a
good save PJ cuz you couldn't find any
pain well so technically Jin
yeah Jim without even knowing you really
I'm just an errand boy well he brought
bread we needed red paint and we got is
there a darker red like a brown okay
looks like a brown brown black really
all you need is written well I'm red you
know I'm just me jeez that's a brighter
Bronk I actually found this on Pinterest
it's a way to make scarred and torn up
tissue using toilet paper metal glue and
paint that's it baby powder and baby
powder and what else
nominated by himself
PJ is gonna be the model I've set up the
GoPro with a cool little close-up shot
we're gonna time lapse this well I feel
I sub bottle wild so far so basically
what Veronica's done has painted glue
all over PJ's face and then she tore
apart piece Tyla paper and just stuck it
to the glue more glue overtop trying to
match the skin tone right no I'm not a
baby powder all over it
give it the white okay
pretty good we've got two different
techniques here this is what we're
working with
I don't know I'm kind of liking version
number to highlight in the other parts
with the more red oh my god Oh PJ thanks
for being a model for us
PJ came here straight from work well
yeah Tara straight from work dumbest kid
but for that no shower but what's not
good is now you're gonna yeah I was a
perfect candidate for this good enough
now I can get a shower you all okay I
definitely want to see this with actual
fake blood on it because they would look
it would sell the realism yeah you know
just yeah test run went pretty well so
it definitely look like a char like a
charred victim like you were burnt you
don't need to take it off at home take
it off now that's in the boot here
that's for sure in the beard oh you
might want some warm water on that one
just leave Hank no it's cool
she's a smart dog yeah Echo's definitely
got what it takes to be a really cool
dog hurry dude it's time it's time it's
time we can't be late let's go it's time
we're gonna be late for the bus
bye I love you be good the best day of
the week Friday we got dressing Carson
full cup of coffee
well half hole feeding baby Liza good
morning sunshine Oh dad I'm not ready to
be good at school okay I love you number
two I just got a call from the Collins
school that he forgot his homework
folder so I have to take it to him but
that's perfectly okay because I need to
head out actually right now and take
pretty cool Instagram photo if you
remember it was a few weeks ago but I
got a box and inside that box was
another Garmin VirB camera the newest
one the verb X II and this week
determined to do that review and we have
a giveaway I'll announce at the end of
this video what the terms are to win it
but I have to take the Instagram picture
for that for that giveaway are you ready
to win a camera this one's pretty sweet
actually I wasn't exactly satisfied with
the shot I got a little bit ago found me
a nice little covered underpass here and
look I promise you guys I did not write
that no way so weird that that just so
happened to be here
what a crazy wicked awesome place to
scare the living
look this is like where an old railroad
track used to be all right
scary underpass with graffiti
I'm telling you uh this place would
scare the crap out of me at night if
someone jumped out I walk in and
Veronica's doing some more zombie ish
that's good this is great Broncos
training herself to become the next
special effects makeup artist I like it
no I like it
well that's gonna be a bloody mess well
I think that's about the end of the line
for us today check out what bran has got
on her little arm piece here it's pretty
cool she's practicing she's gonna be the
one doing all the makeup for the zombies
her and Samantha are gonna be doing all
the zombie makeup so they have to be
right on for this party happens and
tonight we're actually going over there
and they're gonna be drawing all the
names to pick who's gonna be survivors
and who's gonna be zombies and then I'm
creating the storyboard to get all of my
cinematics out of the way before the
actual party starts that way when it
comes time for the party most of the
action shots are gonna be captured by
GoPro and will already have all the
footage that we need to make this cool
like you know how the outbreak happened
part of my story includes like a hunter
who came out to the woods and he's
waiting to find a deer and he's hiding
in his deer blind but all of a sudden a
zombie creeps in and bites him on the
shoulder it's gonna be such a cool video
I think so look forward to that I'll
show you guys all the process of
creating a storyboard - so so you know
kind of a idea of how to create this
stuff and put it down on paper so that
once you come to shoot it you know what
you have to do and it's not like oh well
we forgot this shot for the Garmon
giveaway the way you guys are gonna be
able to win is you have to go follow
Garmin outdoor on their Instagram
account you have to follow the account
and then comment on the picture they see
with me wearing the Garmin VirB XE and
let us know in the comments why you
should win that camera what are you
gonna do with it be creative come up
with a cool comment that grabs their
attention and you could be the lucky
winner on Friday when I release the
review video of the Garmin VirB XE we're
going to pick the most awesome and
inspiring comment to be the winner of
the camera so go follow garmin outdoor
leave us a comment and you could be the
winner will announce that video next
Friday and yeah that's all you got to do
alright guys so that about does it for
us today thank you guys so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
