what's up guys say hi to flashy
that's what Carson named her flashy
speaking of Carson I'm on my way to hang
out with him he's having a field trip
it's Fire Prevention Week so they're
doing a field trip to the firehouse I
thought it'd be fun is a beautiful
fantastic day and I oh nice warm 71 the
Sun is out this guy looks great it's a
perfect day to spend some quality time
with my boy learning about fire
prevention and on the on the subject of
fire prevention like I don't feel like I
don't feel like we're up to the standard
there's a couple of smoke detectors in
my house that that need batteries as
people will learn some things here at
the fire station and just like that the
field trip is over and I'm sorry to
really bring you guys along for the vlog
on the field trip it's just you know the
firehouse has kind of location specific
and signe on it
and that's kind of a conflict of
security interest but it was a lot of
fun and the guys the firehouse were so
cool with the kids showing them you know
all the different aspects of fire safety
like you know of course stop drop and
roll
checking smoke detectors creating an
escape plan
for your house in case of a fire which
you know was kind of an eye-opener for
me because we don't have an escape plan
for our house and maybe some of you have
noticed I think you have is seen
comments before it there's a couple
smoke detectors in our house that don't
have batteries in them so I thought
instead of what I was going to do today
which was go to the field trip go to
Lowe's get some get the wood materials I
need to finish working on bed when the
kids get off school we will do a little
bit of a fire prevention safety stuff
we're gonna make a back-up plan and
create a meeting place and we're gonna
check the smoke detectors and go get
batteries if we need them yeah I did
snap a couple little video clips and
pictures on my snapchat if you care to
watch that it's a chase underscore
this may be the first and last time I
ever voluntarily pick up Carson from
school this is a nightmare
picking up kids from from school is a
nightmare
there's literally every other parent in
line waiting to pick up their kids
I got Carson from school he's a little
upset because he got a little confused
with the whole pickup thing and left his
classroom without people anyone knowing
I said I had to hunt him down
but honey listen it's nothing to be
upset about okay
she's negative someday if someone's
coming to pick you up you need to wait
till your teacher tells you it's time
okay okay
I'm not mad
okay okay everything's better now and
we're at Lowe's I thought we'd come
anyway to get the stuff that I need for
the bed and we also need to get some
9-volt batteries because what we're
gonna do carson is we're gonna since
it's fire safety Prevention Week we're
gonna check the batteries in the smoke
detectors okay you can help me do that
right give me a fist bump if you're with
me all right let's do it
open up our list let's see here here's
what we need we need a 2 by 6 by 8 which
we got right here 3 crown moldings will
let you pick out crown molding and more
slats for the bottom
those are those are back there somewhere
a good place to ride buddy this is the
crown molding but they they don't have
this size that I need they have it but
it's already primered and that's not
gonna be good for for stain because the
stain obviously won't show the woodgrain
underneath because it's already prime so
the only other thing I got is this this
is the only other crown molding option I
think it'll work pretty sure it'll work
what does have to roll that well Oh
certainly interesting fitting all this
in here I didn't even think about it
this is where our truck would come in
India I had to use a pair of jeans to
keep keep the glove compartment from
getting scratched up it's all good
though right yeah we got her we got a
live stream we're gonna take a pause for
the cause for a minute it's five o'clock
on Wednesday and you know what that
means that means it's time to live
stream on Twitch we're gonna play some
games with you guys if you haven't
followed me on Twitter yet please make
sure you do Gilroy gave me yeah
what's your my play Carson sure you play
the new Tony Hawk I never played okay
what do you want to play you don't like
Halo okay alright we're in the middle of
our Twitter stream and Colin is taking
over some Tony Hawk pro skater 500 yeah
we've got quite a few more people today
than we did was it Tuesday wait it was
Monday that we streamed so I think we're
gonna had like 40 50 people in our first
stream this week today's view counters
at 93
this is what we got going on in here say
what's up to the vlog people love to
blog
hey blog Wow
I hit my head on the wall these guys
love you too bad and Jay is that my boy
Alex Benji
Alex Ashley's the one who hooked me up
so graciously it was a long time ago
actually Alex sent me the very same
Elgato that I'm using to stream right
now big ups to you Alex never will
forget that all right so we're going to
go through the house now and find all
our smoke alarms and check the batteries
you got the batteries here's one we can
start with this one I took down from
upstairs somewhere I'm not even sure
dude there's not even a battery in here
yep I'll put it straight in just like
that
hold on
it's not quite in there it's hard to do
there we go and then we just flip it in
did you see the red light yeah let's
let's take and check this one holy
monkey doesn't have a battery you go
okay
push it all the way in until it hits the
bottom nope get it there hold on hold on
there you go nice now flip it in did you
see the red light
all right hold this now it's connected
our part of our smoke alarms are all
fire
come on Carson oh there's one right
there in the hallway and here it is
right here I have this one let's analyze
this room - there's a hole for one but
there's not one there that's not good
it's the same thing in here there's a
hole for one but there's not one their
person not good there's one right here
it's green we have only one smoke alarm
in there yeah I think that's because it
can't be the battery
I think it's because it needs to be
tested
I say we put this one out here so if any
smoke comes up those stairs then we know
about it all right I'm actually kind of
embarrassed I didn't realize there was
that many places for smoke alarms that
didn't happen all right ready
okay didn't you hear him go off though
watch push this one and then we'll run
downstairs
we'll run well be careful though don't
fall but here watch this one will go off
that's kind of cool
so even if one goes off they all go off
that's good what it was going off yeah I
promise I'll listen to you guys now why
is that tripping that's gonna drive me
crazy well we can't do any more tonight
on the smoke detectors because well we
don't have any more and we're gonna get
some for sure today's fire safety
presentation was quite humbling an
eye-opening experience but it's full-on
survivor motive here look
it's it's survivor but in there I'm
gonna kick back relax with some spinach
artichoke dip shield it's time for bed
come on
that girl's being bad come on Colin
bedtime you're on piggyback okay don't
jerk me this time I don't get piggyback
right
Carson's gonna wait all right come on
buddy
hi person have a good day at school bud
live a long time I can't ever lose to
you one of those mornings we're gonna
walk the dog baby Liza woody dear when
are you playing with toys you're so cute
just eating chicken
I feel like there's been vindication
because for a long long long time my my
other neighbors over there have dogs and
they've constantly come and pooed in my
yard and Ecco went out the garage door
right across the fence and booted their
yard I'll go pick it up but I just feel
like it's funny justice has been served
no I mean a justice would be served if I
left it there what I walk by freshly
showered and you guys I got some really
good news I was I was having my morning
coffee going through some of my Twitter
and Rachel now I believe she's from the
UK she leaked to me that Jeremy loops if
you watch my videos on a daily basis you
know that I recently discovered Jeremy
loops and I love his music he's a great
musician and I feel like he's a very
humble person and I I just found out
that he'll be playing a show in Columbus
on October 20th
on the 20th me and Veronica are gonna go
see Jeremy loops live at the basement in
Columbus there's gonna be such a cool
night and I know you guys are gonna like
it because we're gonna go actually vlog
and meet and talk to Jeremy loops yeah
Jeremy I'm coming for you dude I can't
wait till the 20th it's gonna be so much
fun
but today we have we have actually a
doctor's appointment to go get another
ultrasound I don't believe that we'll
find out I mean it's not to find out the
sex of the baby it's just to check
progress and stuff like that so we have
a doctor's appointment and I have very
little time to edit and get the vlog
done for today so yeah so that's where
we're gonna leave you guys for today as
always thank you guys so much for
watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
