what's up guys good beautiful Tuesday
morning to you Vicki what's going on
there's like three shovels here you want
me to grab one dinner yeah how about
that
I'm chief I came over here and got all
involved in South look yeah it's fine
it's fine it's fine
so the sewer is all plugged up and he's
got it what do you call this you're
putting in this right here my double why
so that so that the line can be snaked
essentially right yep yeah Oh help dig a
little hole get a little sweaty it's
about time for the kids get off the bus
honey I just saw parts of your mom and
Jay that I would likely have never ever
wanted to see in my life bad they have a
sewage backup I did I didn't film it but
right after my last clip over there he
got his souls all out and cut the pipe
that's coming out of the house and he
made he got he penetrated the first part
of the pipe and as soon as air was able
to come in and crack the pipe and then
it was like a waterfall of
all right so I I came back he got the
kids off the bus and I walked back over
to check on Vicki real quick I left my
my roll pot over there poor Vicki man
her sewages is all messed up it's been
messed up for a while and the guy he ran
a snake and then discovered it like
right where she's digging there's four
posts on that garden when J dug the
posts and pounded those down to the
garden that corner post went through
their sewage line and it took this long
for it to fully back up the guy who was
helping them the company they're up to
like quite a few hundred dollars so so
she's gonna dig up that corner and I'm
gonna help her so we got to run to
Lowe's and get some PVC and her me a
couple or something I know what they
look like well that was a wasted trip
we came to Lowe's right using Jays truck
we're in the big giant gene GMC Denali
today with Alice found him on the side
of the road
they got the pipes from
he's down I guess so we don't pick them
up so instead we picked up
chinese-food the old pan express orange
ball don't love it you look so small
driving this thing would you guys Carson
yeah those are good so here's kind of
weird started off with a real big bummer
memory card corruption no vlog for
yesterday that sucks
that was my oldest card too and then I
was gonna help Vikki with her thing but
she ended up paying the guy extra a
little bit extra to stay and he's
helping her with that right now
I want to go over when we get back to
maybe help her finish but the priority
haven't done the broken pipe was only a
foot and a half underground which isn't
as deep as it should be so that's why I
was broken in the first place
hey how you doing they're waving at me
Bowser you're leaving already yeah
you're not gonna come help back here
with this okay
you're missing out you really are
this is where it happened right here
it's fixed that's good that happened
quick then the digging continues sorry
he's a blogger who were out back filling
in this hole and poor jaye Jaye's out
there trying to help do his part but he
can't he's freakin broken he steps on
poor echo and shifted his weight over to
his bad foot and I've never heard a
grown man screaming pain show me that he
should he's showing me his x-rays which
is some pretty impressive hardware store
that's an ankle one bone graft two
plates 16 screws and a bone which this
is like the top view yeah that's late if
you're looking straight on yeah so
there's the plate wedge in here that
screw goes all the way through the ankle
under the foot that is the original from
25 years ago that put my tibula back
together it's the bone graft that fuses
the two together that's the new plate
that was put in September 17th and all
along there are 16 screws in there with
them this is seen and it Hoyt and you
said it's not metal anymore it's some
kind of some kind of composite stuff
with metal with crack over the years and
start to rust so all that is composite
carbon-fiber something else you imagine
oh my god you're a strong dude walking
hardware
he's been it was like Atari out here
nothing worse than that live with a
holdout Eric your level dedication is
astounding if you ever see the inside of
a sewer drain that's poo right there
guys that's food she's clear big a look
at never so excited to see a poo slide
I'll tell you what I'm glad that's over
poor Nana Nana had a clogged up pooper
sewer yeah those guys stayed till it's
almost 9 p.m. and they stayed until just
now
it's clean it's finally clear and that
little device use hold on the ground I
don't think I explained it when I was
happening but this little gommi I put
off the grounds making like alien noises
the camera they have a snake with the
camera on it they put down to the drain
and it has a beacon so they can find
where that thing hits a plug which I
thought was pretty cool
it sounds pretty interesting but it's
just like a glorified metal detector
what do you do baby what he doing that's
not that's not a chew toy for you it
can't be that I missed it no
for real it's bedtime boys :
so the gladiators gonna make night they
tell you J stepped on her no for J was
on his little wheel thing and dark
echoes over there and he was trying to
move to go back inside he stepped off
with his good foot on to eka she yelps
and he left off and puts his weight on
his a broken leg and he screamed my
dreams like never grown man screams what
he just recently had surgery so yeah I
showed him the x-rays all right it's
bedtime person tell the guy to use good
night good night
echo isn't full engaged play mode she's
on it
there's your bus having fun at school I
love you be good oh there's your bus
holy moly
alright have fun dude I'll see you in a
little while
be good love you he's having a field
trip it's fire we're in a fire
prevention Awareness Week and later
today they're taking a field trip to the
firehouse so I think I'm gonna go and
hang out with him during that field trip
he'd like that alright so like I said I
told you guys I would show you some of
the posts that other people were working
on for the Gilroy blogs intro sequence
the rules were to post your submissions
on to the Gilroy blogs face paid
Facebook page and so I really only have
two creative people out there who made
something for us so I'm going to show
this to you now viral select comm have a
look here pretty cool
let's build in build out I like it and
then this one's from Jeremy Rob pretty
cool little Lego yeah that's awesome
that's very cool I'll play it again sure
yeah
that's a really cool concept Jeremy and
I we did have Kevin faq' Pesta came up
with a pretty cool legends of awesome
banner which wasn't really the project
but still a cool little thing
and and that's all I got and that's all
to me that our text monogrammed concept
for legends of awesome viral sled calm
and Jeremy Rob and Kevin thank you guys
for taking the time to make something
cool
I definitely like them and maybe we'll
start I thought about starting something
where if you guys create artwork or or
you know assets for the channel
perhaps we could put it up because I
love showing off you guys's work it's
almost like when the boys bring
something home from school that they
made like art we hang it on the fridge
because you want to see that kind of
stuff and if you guys take the time to
make some cool stuff I want to show it
off because I think it's super awesome
that's all I've got for that I need to
get ready to do a meet-up with Carson
he's doing a fire department field trip
and I wanted to go hang with them so
also don't forget I've started streaming
on Twitch so I want you guys to go
follow me on twitch at Gilroy gaming and
my plan is to stream every Wednesday and
Sunday at 5 p.m. so tonight is Wednesday
as you're watching this and we will be
streaming tonight so come join us hop on
the live stream it's twitch TV for slash
Gilroy gaming if you follow me on
Twitter I'll definitely tweet when we go
live so uh yeah definitely tune in for
that all right guys thank you so much
for watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
