what's up guys let's go rip some stuff
apart today
Scottie's on his way over here to pick
me up we're gonna go to Lowe's get some
stuff and we're gonna go to his new
house
well I'm soon to be new house and damn
out some stuff like sledgehammers a
safety glasses type of demo stuff you
know I'm talking about be so tight bro I
love you I'll see you should include him
what up ever hearts there's never heart
to here to pick me up are this yeah they
are I'm gonna need some of those are we
gonna be swinging sledgehammers yeah I
got a love so don't already really yeah
I was out there one day this week
already so we're not gonna swing flood
jammers we get out there
I will definitely swing a sledgehammer
you know no the same ways you know the
same blade I feel like I was just here
bro
like just here Joe I won't get hit I
promise I don't get high hang on yeah so
we got it we got to get some stuff for
for the house some some demo tools I
live with it was just here it was aisle
security camera this is me when I see
security cameras who who's beefing bleep
speaking with what are you after
specifically I need these
he's right here alright so you need a
cut and you drill you need one of those
yeah a nail gun
I mean nailed on and off okay I need
epoxy to fix my little tripod my little
chubby tripod one of the legs just like
fell off
it's not broken just the glue bro so I
need to like reattach it this is what
you need yeah epoxy I won't get some too
just because it's so good haha seriously
you know why not why not like because
Krazy Glue or something like that oh
this right here actually like will
expand you know what I mean as its
drying it like Brett it'll leave like
like expand I don't know this stuff
it just works great yeah look it'll
it'll it'll hold
3,300 pounds yeah this is what I mean
this this little leg just fell out it
slides right back up in here it's hard
to do one-handed but yeah see it goes
just right back in there the glue just
broke and I have no idea how just did
like full-on focal
this here here we are home sweet homes
got a boy I can't wait to see what
you've already done he said he don't
even know carpenter and that what this
is a contractor yeah I think so
now boys listen step already some
progress in this house all the carpets
been ripped out boom boom boom in the
kitchen that big right where Scotty's at
that cabinet system's been taken out
already we're gonna get the whole yeah
yeah but first I gotta fix his car cogs
we use the ends of films from stuff
today I think that's enough right oh
that's more than enough that's way too
much see I mean like way too much just
like that yeah slider in there I put a
little drop down here too is it ready
yeah it came unglued somehow oh that
stuff actually does stink really really
bad but hopefully it'll dry hard as a
rock in there you know it won't fall out
ever again it's a destroyed look here I
got this guy's freaking hammer and this
crowbar here okay to destroy how about
you do the wall this wall yeah serious
yeah you wanna come either that you
don't wanna go in the center yeah right
there is it I think you can do it again
how many of you have ever just wanted to
like bury a hammer in a wall dug into
trouble perfect fine we do that
Scot remember what I said the other day
about friends will help you move I take
that back
friends will help you remodel your house
you know yeah
look Veronica shut up guys there's my
love look at you pregnant and you're
sitting here doing demo to be fair she's
only pulling staples out of flooring but
ya had him assessed just started you
glad you're here
everybody found in this wall you got the
paneling off and there's all kinds of I
don't know if it's Mouse poo or it's
definitely not Mouse creatures mouth
these little tiny nuggets this stuff is
like big rug that's big feel like rat
size poo all this crown molding all this
film on it it's gotta go it's gotta go
this is the most fun at a long time so I
did really good thank you for inviting
me because this is great whoa we've
reached a point in the day where we demo
pretty much all we can and now we have a
big giant pile of demo debris that's
what it is it's demo debris now I have
to take it out to the dumpster and it's
currently raining like a zombie look all
the cabinets and the countertops and the
sink and all that stuff and all that
stuff in this whole area and all the the
crown molding okay family all the wooden
panels the fairing strips the staples on
the floor what else all this room too
same thing good day
and we clean up or we cleaned up our
huge mess remember there is a huge pile
there we just took it all down to the
dumpster that's uh let's see if that's a
day's work right there
we just got two Scotties and look
Veronica's making me change my clothes
so I can hold the baby I mean it's
probably the best thing I didn't miss
her
I missed you sweetheart I'm just kidding
it the boys are still over at my mom's
house I'm gonna get them later late busy
day and look at this the girls got us
some pizza cottage that stuff is so good
there's such a busy day Scott tell them
dude when you see what this house is
going to look like afterwards it's gonna
blow your mind so we've been with Scott
and Lindsay all day long but now had
food have fun it's time for us to go get
our kids Scott you going back out there
tomorrow
yup I probably have to
well if you need some help call me
Oh Lyndsey loving pants by the way I
know they look like super they look like
the bathroom rug I'm jealous because I'd
like to be in those pants on my couch
about to pass out so for us to do what
we did today we had to take the boys to
mom and dad's house my parents house you
know my parents have dogs and we have
echo with us I'm really interested to
see how those dogs react to this dog it
seems like no one Minds whose house is
this echo whose house is it
that little dog isn't down look this cat
is like who the heck are you and what
are those boys are you saying here uh-uh
tricky tricky well just so you know I'll
miss you okay don't cry but I will miss
you okay mmm you watching a
pumpkin-carving show I'm gonna be a part
with a beautiful clown one day little
boy hit my ball
that sounds pretty crazy actually no yes
like this I know this eyeballs in there
but disable aerials well listen I was
thinking since you guys won't be at home
tonight you should I tell the gladiators
good night sleep tight until the
gladiators good night what know what all
right
oh that's so mean once you tell him a
nice sweet good night
oh that's my boy get Facebook Lynn honey
let's go to bed I'm right from bad I'm
just one time I guess I just want a guys
good morning I just wanted to tell you
good morning move things longer coffee
time cuz that's the best time Coffee
time
coffee time is the best time what's
funny is even if the kids spent the
night at Grandma's that still doesn't
mean we got to sleep in it's currently
only about 9 o'clock
she's already been up once - I just got
off the phone with my dad last night
when we were when we were going to pick
up the boys my dad and I were like
trying to draw plans for this bed frame
and we kept going back and forth
actually Veronica and I on exactly what
we wanted to build I found this really
cool thing is called japanese-style
interlocking method we're like if you
can recall Lincoln Logs the top part
would be having like a notch in the
bottom edge would have a notch so where
that joint happens they just kind of
puzzle piece together and it looks super
cool I thought that would be a really
nice touch to the footboard area of the
bed so I think we're going to merge this
idea of a design for what Veronica wants
for a headboard and what I want for the
footboard design and dads all gung-ho
he's like let's he just called me he's
like are we doing this today or what so
I'm like yeah let's build something so
I'm gonna fall exactly get it fully
built today but as it's early enough to
get the day started we're gonna get
ourselves up we're gonna get ourselves
motivated yeah um and we're gonna go to
the lumberyard and get some stuff and
start cracking on a bed design I'm
pretty excited about so that's what I'm
going to leave you guys for today thank
you wholeheartedly always so much for
coming
hang out with us that being said I
suppose we'll just see all of you guys
right back here tomorrow
