happy Friday happy Friday for you
saturday but for us it's Friday we're on
our way actually in town until
reynoldsburg reynoldsburg pickerington
to check out Sam's Club like we we've
thought recently it would be better for
us to get certain things as sam's club
but if you don't know a sam's club is
like a vault 'let shopping center they
sell everything in bulk will show you my
get there but we're going to probably
get a membership okay fast forward
through a long and tedious process of
actually getting the membership
typically it costs like forty five
dollars a year but they're having a
special right now for new moms what a
coincidence so we're members check this
place out look this is a great example
of what you find at sam's called look at
the big look at these huge boxes this is
what this place is all about bulk right
and that's 10 bucks for this three-pound
weight three-pound was a three-pound 66
ounces four pounds of goldfish bow and
low here you got this this big giant bag
jack links beef jerky normally you see
like a small bag at the whatever
whatever like six bucks will double that
get you like triple it hits a double
pack you know with with four kids
and me we're gonna need to buy
everything you like doubles or triples
Paul one of the things I needed to get
the day was softener salt our salts run
out this is the best rust remover salt
you can get Morton's everywhere else is
like eight nine dollars here at six
thirty eight already saving a couple
dollars per bag on softener salt so
that's definitely a plus you're gonna
get a new windshield brush scraper deal
that's serious business right there
serious what size this snow shovel look
how big it is like a freaking Tonka
truck what are you doing Earl bad just
notes no dress show playing driveway man
what do you think first first sam's club
experience we got a couple things pretty
uh I don't know I'm just gonna say right
now definitely gonna make full use of
that man please love is the jam but now
it's time to eat need food what would
you prefer
chipotle look Eliza couldn't last she's
out
is it
oh I cannot wait to smash myself some
holy
the most favorite is a drink
so you're missing a burr let's race dude
let's race
go ahead and get it in the yeah I
neither like recycle ours oh we can't
even walk white clothes here we can't
wash my clothes our softener is out of
salt so bad that the water is like the
rust color again not if you take a
shower and stuff but if you fill up like
five gallon bucket of water it's kind of
worn so we've got to recycle the
softener on steps at Veronica is gonna
go hang out with amanda her cousin
Amanda just had surgery Veronica's going
to be healthy we are gonna go to love us
because i'll show you when you give me a
light fixture because the back door
where I walked the puppy it's all so
dark out there at night so I need to get
a new fixture hosting so happy to see I
so what're you gonna do take her with
you yeah I'll see you and you go okay
outdoor lighting I don't even know where
to go this place is busy today loves is
busy and it's so you guys I'm so bummed
about the weather outside the weather
it's cold it's raining looking wearing a
jacket I'm not ready for this
hmm
what's the one cool little light it's an
LED included light so i don't need no no
light bulbs to replace ever just kind of
pull but the only thing i need with this
is some sealant so I gotta get some
silicon outdoor silicon that's it hello
guys I got home just in time to get cars
I'm have a school bud yeah guess what
happy Friday what this Friday No and
cheers to our cookies did she miss you
look check this out Carson new outside
lamp because ours is broken and look at
this one this one's cool huh it's led I
thought that was really cool so we don't
ever have to replace the bulbs it's it's
there forever ever yeah so I know this
will be quick work these things are
pretty easy to install you just gotta
hook up this bracket and this is what
the light mounts to be super easy I
figure let's be a little be a little
nice install for us to be together
careful don't step on her good take that
bad boy off look how awful that thing
looks that's that's ugly awful yeah
we're gonna take that one off put the
new one on right now of course always if
you guys do anything like this make sure
you turn the power off because these are
live wires if you touch both of those
together where you touch each one with
both hands you're it's not pretty really
all I gotta do now is connect the black
wire to the black wire and a white wire
to the white wire with some wire nuts
and bada boom bada bing we got a new
light we got a brand new light boy all
right time for the test let's see
voila that's awesome I think it's so
cool that that just has LEDs in there
there's no light bulbs it's fantastic
I've been waiting for you to get home
blue I a blue-eyed girl you a blue a
girl there's my baby I've been doing
some research like broncas prego right
it's very important for us to get a good
night's sleep and we've been talking
about this for a minute like our bed
we've had the same bed for years I'd say
every bit of six years we've had the
same bed so we're like in the market for
a new bed a new comfy bed um but we
don't know where we're gonna get and I
think it all comes down to like the bed
frame the bed frame up there we have
it's just the steel frame the headboard
is the same one we've had since the
beginning of beds nine years well so
I've been throwing back the idea of do
we just go buy one that's pre-made has
no you know no character to it at all or
do we make one and I've been like
perusing through Pinterest looking at
different like beds and how you know
like styles and stuff and I think I
don't know I think I kind of wanna try
and build my own bed like a platform bed
so a platform bed is one such that
doesn't need box springs so a typical
bed configuration would be mattress box
springs and then your frame but I want
to do a platform bed where it's just the
mattress I don't know I kind of want to
build one I'm looking at these that's
kind of a really simplistic bed but I
don't like the little legs I would like
some bigger fat
and there's something like this that are
kind of just something about that
simplicity that really draws my
attention you know um I like this one
I'll storage you like that only storage
maybe we can compromise me we're gonna
make some kind of simplistic bed frame
that has pullout drawers on either side
yeah or would your fabric you like the
buffeted is that buffeted I think home
Cambria tufted that's what it is tufted
not Buffy it's kind of cool a little
early for my my taste but but yeah so
that's what I've been doing is like kind
of cultivating ideas for how exactly to
build my own bed frame
no way no bite that no oh my gosh that
looks so good Veronica put this rope she
put this roast in the slow Kerr all day
so oh my god is that mine yep I mean in
salt and pepper earlier mom oh stop by
and brought us a pumpkin pie she made
here you weren't here nope she made it
herself and right here it is and you
can't have pumpkin pie without sour
cream what's the best what what it's
whipped cream I'll throw sour cream
whipped cream whipped cream extra creamy
whipped cream for all your pumpkin pie
needs that is definitely to pieces with
a ton of whipped cream I'm trying to
gain weight I gotta eat two pieces
Veronica talk to the rental and there
may be Cinderella Disney's new
Cinderella and guess you fell asleep
during the middle of it during the
beginning of it after me I fell asleep
towards the end there but it was alright
I saw most of it
I wanted to bask in the glory of our new
light look at that you can see you can
see my goodness I just want to wake up
once or the sun is shining and it's
beautiful that's the latest we get sleep
in 815 look everyone else is up and
they're ready for breakfast but we don't
have everything I need to make a super
delicious panky I've been craving
pancakes I want some pancakes but we
don't have any milk or syrup so we're
going to make a quick trip to yield
grocery what do you mean uh oh honey
that's not two cups of this fence Oh
serious this will all be a pancake
alright guys breakfast is served we're
gonna get started with our day I'm gonna
actually go help Scotty like we were
supposed to do last weekend with some
renovations so that should be pretty
exciting thank you so much for
understanding our day off yesterday and
thank you as always for come back to
join us today so that's all I got for
you today thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see all of you
right back here tomorrow
you
