what's up everybody welcome to our day
it's currently 5:50 p.m. oh boy I know
it's a little late start to vlog but
when we had a fair amount of issues
today dealing with getting my first
official twitch stream up and running
but guess what it is it is going right
now look say what's up everybody will
call our friends in the twitch comments
akash on everyone's like you know
garrett can we be in the vlog and then
all of a sudden is like oh crap
i haven't even started the vlog yet it's
been so crazy okay i'm saying i
seriously been working on getting
everything set up since like a lot on
your block it was eleven o'clock day
what's my favorite pizza topping you all
know what my favorite pizza topping is
well toppings my my most ordered pizza
is pepperoni banana peppers yeah I also
like jalapenos and pineapples believe it
or not jalapeno sausage in pineapple is
is actually a really good pizza and
bacon and bacon yeah you can't go wrong
with bacon literally about an hour and a
half has gone by and we're still up here
streaming it's too much fun obviously
when you get stuck playing video games
you could play for hours and hours and
hours but it's almost time for us to go
unless the comment section says
otherwise what do you guys think bullet
says play one more
Seth Wetzel says are we gonna hook up
soon yeah what do we do what I saw was
say alright so we could follow whiskey
and you were on one side and I'm on one
side and Veronica asked us questions she
knows the answer whoever we got it
guesstimate how close like for instance
it would be like how many followers do
you think
Fetty WAP has on Twitter or Instagram
we're gonna guess the followers and
whoever's close doesn't have to drink
whoever as farthest away has to drink
are you serious so why not try it that
would be fun it'll be really fun a
drinking game a drink dude I haven't
played drinking games since like three
weeks ago plus my wife's pregnant and I
have you know responsibilities that's
why she Joey yeah that's straight up
Joey look Joey says play another game
means I don't have to get up off the
sofa okay we're playing the next one for
Joey oh my goodness that was awesome
wasn't it no we did I love my boys take
our playin games they didn't really take
part in the stream too much until I was
near the end and they came up after
doing homework and stuff but we had a
really cool successful first stream
there's a lot of fun I have Marcus
really really really really really oh
yeah one people what do you think wait
at school Sophie's place well we gotta
get out of this room now because we've
been dealing with the twitch stepfather
Liza
hey baby did that scare you
he's scared her so bad I've done that
one other time and she the first time I
did that she she was laying on her side
and just kind of like cooing seven there
Liza and she goes and then she started
crying just like you saw but I sorry
baby I didn't mean to scare you
she was like look sock you have fun yeah
my first live stream on Twitch yes we're
trying to talk to Alison is doing twitch
himself so he can have his own twitch
channel and do some gaming and stuff
like that join the actual online
community did it work yeah I do
apologize we started today's walk quite
late yeah quite late
we were already past dinner and
everything it took me so long like me
and Norman my buddy Norman we spent
hours and hours and hours earlier
troubleshooting there was a problem with
a laptop I ended up even doing a test
stream just to see if I could stream
from the Xbox and I don't have a Kinect
so without a Kinect you can't stream
with like that little video overlay in
the corner it's just very it's very
stressful you know I wasn't feeling it
earlier do you
she's totally teething right now we had
to put a little or gel on her gums to
bottom the top front ones are coming in
hey excited you're getting teeth yeah
for sure what's her favorite toy the
Rope for sure
gated echo get it but we haven't forgot
about fluffy either means that right
kitty he's the old guy man he's the
senior on the block he runs this joint
that's not for you echo I didn't want I
didn't want you to go to sleep without
telling me goodnight
you know what I mean Carson what you got
what do you do you go would you tell
these guys have a super safe night and
sleep tight and don't let the bedbugs
bite
okay that was good enough well that's it
what about you Carson what do you have
to say to our friends Wow all right guys
so we're here at the gym
the next day obviously good morning to
you let's get our work out
good about my progress I'm actually
lifting at least 10 more pounds than I
started with so I'm really proud about
that
and unfortunately guys today's vlog is
gonna be quite sure you know I didn't
pick up the camera until late yesterday
when we started streaming obviously I
had a lot of technical issues that I was
dealing with this confront reading and
if you haven't noticed maybe for the
past couple days
Veronica's spirits are kind of low and I
feel like when Veronica's spirits are
low my spirits are low
I don't want to be false or fake with
you guys and pretend
everything is happy when really is not
so and I don't want you to think that
anything's wrong is just the pregnancy
especially back to back ones can be very
trying on a woman's emotions hormones
and all that stuff
you know I just I want to focus today on
making Veronica feel special
help her to overcome some of those
emotions that she's having so
that being said tomorrow we're not going
to have a vlog I'm
focus all my attention on Veronica
no family today that's where I'm gonna
leave you guys for today we'll see all
of you guys right back here on Saturday
