you guys such a crappy rainy day today's
video is dedicated to the age-old
question what is it did you do when it
is raining outside what shall we do how
about rainy day activities we do know we
do um heads up up it's up seven up
that's a great idea
Wow let's do it and what better way to
have fun on a rainy days with activities
than have friends over
PJ a Paxson's here all right time for
our first game who picked me
we could play pop the pig 6775 89/100
ready or not here I come we can even
play hide and seek
Oh boys and yes you can even place late
and we could always break for a little
chop it's dinnertime oh well it was
worth the shot anyways how's that
chocolate milk boys good and your dinner
delish no you yeah you got strawberry
much person doesn't like chocolate you
only like straw every month well it was
fun right rainy day activities thumbs up
yeah it's definitely time to grub or
something yeah yeah hey Carson did you
have the best day ever
yeah you went to school and had a rain
day
I've been used and he didn't understand
me it's because it's raining that time
you ready
oh I know it's so awful to go to bed
yeah you got you got a lot more time
dude for real
will you guys do me a favor and go get
mama dad
the end of the very gloomy and rainy
Saudi day yeah kick it for free oh
here's our father kitty there's our baby
Liza look at Liza I got something for
you it's the warning Baba yeah you want
it yes she wants it and I didn't forget
my date I gotta get my coffee yesterday
was National Coffee Day and I didn't
even recognize it so we've just had a
little bit of breakfast some eggs and
coffee coffee coffee happy National
Coffee Day as it was yesterday you know
my vlogs are split days so I'm still
technically within the realm of wishing
you that happy National Coffee Day
because it was yesterday I wanted to
take this moment to remind you guys that
we're currently in the midst of
generating new ideas and concepts for
the gilroy blogs intro sequence kind of
like another fan art Friday and also the
opportunity to learn some new stuff so
if you remember a few days ago I
announced this kind of like a fan art
Friday where you guys can submit your
concepts drawings or even actual polish
title sequences to be considered for the
next and newest continuing gilroy vlogs
intro sequence which is very cool and if
you didn't know I've been provided this
link right here
it's lynda.com forward slash gladiators
for you guys to go on to Linda for a
free 10-day trial to learn whatever you
want I'm getting ready to go upstairs
right now and pop on and learn some more
After Effects up because I'm trying to
do this this kind of fan art Friday ish
thing as well the link is in the
description also right here lynda.com
port slash glad ears go to Linda sign up
for a free 10-day trial and get yourself
in here learn something new and hop into
this little contest that we're doing all
my top favorites I'm gonna show in the
vlog on October 2nd so you have to
submit to my facebook page Gilroy blog
before that date so get in on this guy's
tell em ballin what are you dressing up
to everyone what's happening at school
today
inside out there you're gonna wear all
your clothes inside out
except for your underwear your undies on
top of your pants yeah that's even
colder I think you should be Miss Wacky
Wednesday but that's fun it's fun they
could have been happen they should have
been laughing well if you do something
to yourself to draw attention in a way
that's comical then you should expect
people laughing you and you should
embrace that and have fun with them do
you think what do you think Liza here
mommy's rushing trying again I'm done
he's close to innocent of us even with
socks inside after I know go get your
shoes hurry hurry hurry
that's a job right there getting the
kids up one hour before they get on the
bus to get them fed packed lunches
inside out clothes walk the dog feed the
baby
all inside one hour how do you look so
concentrated what is it
what is it so gloomy
yesterday it literally literally rained
all day long all day is awful and now it
appears to be a similar situation today
it's foamy blur can you clean these
windows I just did a full course of
lighting effects and After Effects and
it's so crazy I love it man After
Effects is probably one of my most
sought after programs but it's very
difficult to learn there's so much when
it comes to After Effects After Effects
is kind of like a crossbreed between a W
premiere and Photoshop it's putting
graphics into motion so I mean I know
both but I I've never really it takes a
lot of time to learn motion graphics so
I hope you guys join me tonight on
stream we're gonna try and do my first
twitch livestream gameplay I think we're
gonna keep it kind of classic gameplay
with first person shooters playing Call
of Duty meaty zombies in light of the
fall and creepy upcoming Halloween
holiday so that's where I'm gonna leave
you guys today listen thank you guys so
much for always watching and hang out
with us that's all I got thanks for
watching we'll see you right back here
tomorrow
