welcome to probably what's going to be
the most random video I've ever made
whatever will make I came up with a
really ridiculous idea based on
something that happened during our road
trip when we went to Oklahoma I'll
explain more about it when we get the
Romans but first we have to go make the
top that's the grocery store okay so one
of the things we have to get for today's
completely random video is a random
assortment of different media so we're
going to do pork chops and we're also
going to do chicken also thought the
most important one the most relevant one
is Bologna now it will all make sense in
just a few minutes you know what's funny
to me once I explain what we're doing
with this video to our meat department
here how excited and willing you was to
help me figure it out better that's all
okay and we also needed to decently
thick slices of Bologna that's dick
baloney look at it like flappin babrak
again it'll make more sense here in
second so you got the stuff you ready
for this hush - Tom in ominous sound
just up my I haven't explained it fully
yet but we'll give them the the brief
backstory the short version yeah but we
got to meet we're going to move it's the
meat we're going to make some meat beats
today okay guys so this is what we're up
to today as you can see and as I showed
you earlier we got various assortments
of meat and the story behind why we're
filming this today is a little bit it's
so funny
roman we just came off a 12 plus our
roadtrip sure that's true and in the car
you said something to me this step what
was that
it's all about your but Simon like -
flaps of Bologna going off and then it's
evolved into making meat meat I love it
you actually bought two slices of
Bologna there's not like six in case one
Ripstein or two slices of thick-cut but
i actually requested them to cut them
extra thick
let's not wait just imagine when you
said that that just stuck with me I was
like oh my gosh that's hilarious we got
to make a video like forcing air through
two pieces of meat and that's exactly
what we're going to do today and we're
going to try and make some music out of
it though is if you're ready this could
go down as one of our greatest ideas yet
oh yeah just close rami room here this
could be one of your sounds right here
that's good that's good so this is chemo
chemo is actually traveling with Yusef
on the team butterfly journey which is
you know it was pretty good by 2019
actually finding chemo comes out as
chemo knows a lot about music mixing and
he's going to be the one helping us put
together a funny B track with all these
sounds that we're going to make right
now so here's the truth guys Oh what am
i doing it is so ridiculous to tell no I
don't know with it Shh should I feel all
squeezing yeah I mean the the compressor
is prime let's try it
oh there's some meat beats on my camera
oh so now bad Bologna is kind of cool
thick cut Bologna has potential to be a
beekeeper it's kind of floppy right you
know it it's like super heavy yeah but
you need that you need that track when
you're making meat meat you know you
need that heavy meat slap good point
that's the Bologna let's move on to
chicken chickens a little more raw or
more so you get that raw track right
here
dude this is gonna be by us got our
propellant in there you guys ready yeah
ready as I'll ever be
here we go well I am mad
we just rubber band them up how many how
many times you ever put rubber bands
around wet chicken yeah where does he
come up with these ideas you know the
rubber band things all him I don't know
all right the chicken was pretty good
but I have a hunch
pork chops pork chops are going to do it
are going to do really good get that
heavy wave super-heavy will get them wet
since we learned just now that getting
them wet helps it ha yeah
like if you're met you want your meat
wet when you're making a mean beat right
up I mean me me P a meaty mean BP
headphones coming soon this is Scott I
need to take pork chop here we go let's
do it
oh that's good
look at the side
Hey
hmm
all right we've tried the chicken yeah
we've tried the pork chop we tried the
Bologna yep I think I saved the best for
last and that was the nicest tender
juicy it only makes sense like the
vehicle precipitancy 808 of meat right
here yellow Gator a tepee the beach to
dry out a little water you know I'm
saying you don't want that dry beat
right you want to kind of step back let
the artist do this thing and then once
we're done we add the water Texas make
it lower like a high hopes for this one
let's do it I'm pa0 is it all right here
we go it was like a I don't know I don't
know if I want to say what it sounds
like how you draw there's a full bag Hey
that works too baka
all right guys so without further ado
this is our meat beat masterpiece pork
chop that bet that sextet what do I do
a symbol pressures refresh
there you have it there's flies taking
over the meat meat dude though that they
moved in cliffs on memmer's so do two on
that one it's instant Manuel how they
find it so fast we're gonna have to cook
this up real quick that's our that's our
meat beats that baloney flap know if
you'd eat that won't catch us on iTunes
link in the description meat meat sauce
on I bet it's already available its get
it this is my I'm so proud of what we
just did face alright guys that does it
for today I hope you enjoyed this super
random thing that we've done today is
it's hilarious thumbs up if you made it
to the end a video I swear like my kid I
would find them in the kitchen watching
over and it's just so random like why
are you watching people make beats with
me meat beats inspired by road trips all
across America guys if you like this
video thumbs up super huge thank you for
watching and we'll see you on the next
one pork chop baby baby
