well sup guys welcome to my day I've
been up in this bedroom for six seven
hours editing emailing phone calls it's
time to get the heck out of here I told
you the end of yesterday's video today
we're gonna find out the gender of my
brother and his wife's baby is it a boy
is it a girl before we go any further
once you go down there right now tell me
if it's a boy or girl I wanna tell you
guys the past couple days I've been
experimenting with camera settings for
this camera yesterday's was most of the
footage was a bit hot I left this camera
on aperture priorities if you have like
a DSLR you have a setting that has an a
on it that's an aperture priority and TV
is for shutter priority but aperture
priority locks in
you control the aperture so this camera
goes lust 1.8 and that's what gives it
like the blurry background back here
sharp focus of your blurry background
the best setting for the Sony rx100 mark
38 would be after priority
center-weighted metering at f1 morning
whatever that means there's some of you
don't appreciate them skip ahead whilst
you like it's not just green anymore
guys all is like here gosh
my feelings on ball is like Dan
fall is the death of all the life that
mother nature brought to us in the
springtime
I was gonna die
and then there's that the desolation of
winter then you have to do er to see
another rebirth look Josh has Josh has a
big pile of balloons right they don't
know if it's a boy or girl it's an
envelope right yeah and they're gonna
tie the right color to one of Samantha's
rings she's gonna wear it and hold on to
the rest of balloons and then she's
gonna let go and the color that remains
is the sex of the baby
how hard was it to not find out yet she
was saying just a minute ago they were
in the ultrasound room today looking at
the ultrasound but avoiding the bottom
area so they didn't inadvertently see if
it was a boy or girl
that's crazy man Chloe's set up a table
we have to sign it
what's the rules Chloe I gotta write my
name on which one on the blue one okay I
wanted to show you guys the chameleon
it's been a while since I showed you but
look at him now as he's growing older
he's getting all these colors look at
all those colors showed up there's my
gram there's grandma and Shana now what
up China now what about our camera man
I'm letting someone over now look look
look at Josh's new floor this is what he
just got I've been thinking about
we have the light colors and kind of the
dark color really I like this yeah I
like it here alright everyone's here the
balloon bundle is loaded there's a
weight on the balloon it's gonna
determine the sex of the baby
build something sure to prove it can't
really it's a boy that's baby Liza yeah
Josh's son oh my god
stink bug so stinky we got all the kids
out here playing on the trampoline and
by kids I mean Dallas homegirl Sara here
what up what up Sara how was vacation
really that sucks
if you are just joining us Sara with us
on vacation we took jet skis out she was
the only one who ended up injuring
herself with a broken toe good luck with
that what do you think mom it's another
boy you knew yes actually I just was
talking about I feel like it's gonna be
a boy
hey boys what did you say she's gonna
fart wrong it's gonna be a girl I don't
know I don't believe it
what do you think here's a here's an
idea we should let these guys decide
should we find out if we're gonna have a
Blair girl or should we wait and then do
a reveal it is our last one yeah we
haven't done that and we're not gonna
have any more kids
mom I'm positive just trust me I'm
positive stuff's going down you guys
worse in it look this is the round
circle right here look at all of us
we're talking about the next like we did
that 1920s party it was super fun like
actually being here and being involved
in it it's very hard to film we're
coming up with another party Masami
survival
it's like a fake apology for weapons and
paintball guns and zombies with actual
makeup and everything it's gonna be a
crew of like seven who remembers these
things from when you were a kid dude I
used to love them oh my gosh all right
it's time for us to go home
Samantha congratulations it's a boy is a
boy it's still green camera no but I
said earlier she wanted her to just keep
a hold of the pink ones mom don't let go
the people I gotta give piggyback rides
to bed but there's only one back to
piggy so I'll take Carson up
he's already on there and then I'll come
back down for you deal this way everyone
gets a piggyback ride back
there's another one for the books people
I said this is gonna be my new morning
routine is waking up early getting the
kids out and and like I did excuse me
editing I just finished the my crew or
the wireless live quick tip for my
second channel it's pretty cool which we
give that a look today it's such a rainy
gloomy day outside got the kids on the
bus grabbed a cup of coffee came up here
to edit and ever since that it's been
rain look just blew me yeah yeah big
girl huh you eating some snacks hmm
cutie girl what yeah so good I've been
doing a lot lately trying to get all of
my system set up for live streaming on
Twitch and I believe I'm perfectly ready
I don't have a green screen I have a
green screen but I don't have the setup
I have like a 10 by 20 green screen
cloth and I just it's gonna be too big
for up here so I have on order like one
of those it's like a smaller green
screen panel that's foldable and a
c-stand on order that would be here
sometime next week you guys should
definitely follow me on Twitch it's
Gilroy gaming and tomorrow at 5 p.m.
Eastern I'm going to try on my first
live stream twitch I don't know we're
gonna play it I'll figure that out but
it's definitely gonna be fun for sure
but anyways that's why I'm gonna leave
you guys for today make sure you give
some love to my brother and Samantha in
the comments for finding out that
they're having a new baby boy so
exciting yesterday was a lot of fun
catching up I haven't seen it for a
while so it's good to catch up and
exciting to find out this having a new
baby boy so as always thank you guys so
much for watching and I can't wait to
see you right back here
