hey guys we're on the road again back to
go see my buddy Scott and I don't think
EKKO really likes all right what's the
matter
her cries are getting louder and louder
look we're here
this is Scotty's soon-to-be garage well
there's some work to be done right tons
of work right before you move in yeah
Scott's gonna team up with the actual is
it's a homeowner yeah are you gonna buy
this place I don't know what's going on
yet well for them to move in here
they're gonna do a lot of stuff and
pretty much the homeowners promise them
knew a lot of things everything
everything kitchen cabinets siding
glory glory carpeting countertops all
new appliances all new doors exterior
doors throughout the whole house I'm
gonna be fantastic but we're starting in
the garage and we're gonna get from a
bottom up look dark this is the basement
per se you know this makes for like a
super Blair Witch look right now it's
like we're gonna see someone standing in
a corner somewhere dude that's awesome
save some money on your heat bill okay
shower now we go upstairs look at that
low ceilings on there bro oh yeah really
old
yeah you need some updates back for sure
all this iPad poor iPad ouch
yes here is so cool I'm so like this is
the main family room
little closet yeah well I thought it was
gonna be a bathroom I was okay it's all
new doors fixtures all that's gonna be
new they commode
everything so you're gonna pretty much
destroy this house I guess I'm supposed
start demoing today but the please are
wave know they had please yeah
holy macaroni
uh we needed we need to do a
decontamination spray before we got my
dogs out there this would be the voices
living room controlling slider this
would be their rooms
I remember this style room door blank
got stuck in that door and I had in what
door that door he got stuck in the
closet you know I had to save him we're
not with stuff so the only thing to do I
was like hey look my son's in there this
one I think it's got potential you know
to make sure it's not look wonderful one
that's the iPod yeah Scottie van I think
our big plus is like that view give you
okay yeah the rolling hills of the
countryside
Scott and I are exploring the property
there's a lot of room here look here
there's a fungus among us fungus among
us name that artist that was the album
don't use Google either if you get it
all give you a prize what do you think
dude if you live here you'd be
surrounded by corn field he's all about
it's like privacy yes well I guess we're
heading out of here I've only been here
for a little bit
they wouldn't got some bombs so they're
doing what we did at our house and
they're bombing the whole thing yes so
they came and working here yes we were
gonna like help do some demo but we
can't work in here yet cuz we ease in
there next weekend damn I have a thing
next weekend here's the thing you know
your real friends my friends will show
up to your birthday party but a real
friend to help you move ya know to all
of those friends out there who have
helped move you know who you are
well we're back at Scotty's start yet
what are we gonna do until later do you
know what happens later bed no I was
very excited to be out where we were
like in the country country for later
because there's like a really cool moon
eclipse type deal that won't occur again
for another 20 years and I'm gonna get
some footage opens should be right up in
the sky it's in the eastern sky yeah
well it'll be right there you'll be able
to see it the only thing we have to
count on now clouds clink so the clouds
don't clear obviously we won't see it
did you hear that last couple days until
you ordered pizza for dinner
course some pepperoni slices let's go
yah mahn salute to your beard oh yeah
that's what's up right there plate pizza
and breadstick oh honey you guys we've
experienced a series of catastrophic
failures today we were gonna do demo at
a house which is gonna be so awesome
we're gonna do slow-mo clips and we're
gonna swing around sledgehammers and
everything what that didn't work and I
even brought my tripod because tonight
was supposed to be the coolest viewing
of a super Blood Moon slash lunar
eclipse and it's it's just cloudy so now
with our tail between our legs we're
gonna go home Brown is gonna drive me
yeah I'm too tired to drive yeah she
puked yesterday when we came home from
the same she puked morning sickness is
here you ready you ready : yeah yeah
got it I'll see you later yeah tuck her
in good okay so we Paul we're pulling in
and I'm seeing that that the clouds are
going in the right direction and there's
a clearing right up here so I think
we're about to get sorted haha
so I was able to capture some footage
and then some really thick clouds moved
in I don't know if they're gonna clear
before but I got something I'm gonna go
outside and wait until the clearing
opens up again I'm sad dude I've tried
to get a good shot of the moon but the
clouds rolled in they're not gonna open
up I stood out there for another 15 20
minutes not looking good we can catch it
on the other side but that picture the
picture I wanted to get was that halo
ring around around the moon will happen
again for another twenty years old
acceptance set my alarm twenty years
okay night Carson buddy did you have a
awesome weekend yeah it was Gohan well
bad story he's a long time there was a
blood moon eclipse lunar eclipse and the
super talented young father wanted to
film and photograph it and then all of a
sudden the clouds rolled in and ruined
everything the end our gladiators
that time day morning actually so mad at
the clouds last night an event that
happens once and for 20 years covered up
by clouds I was getting ready for
schools and me analyzing gonna have our
morning drinks and you saw what I got
don't you didn't you you and bye bye
she's like pick me up so the kids are
off to school I had to take a break from
editing to let this little puppy out
just a little puppy how you feeling girl
ooh okay so I finally finished uploading
and doing all the backend stuff for the
video you probably have already seen for
today as you can tell I haven't a shower
I literally woke up I've drank about ten
cups of coffee and I have a lot more
editing left to do later today my
brother if you aren't aware my brother
and his wife are pregnant and tonight
they're doing this really cool kind of
gender reveal party they don't know if
they're having a boy or girl yet no one
else knows they have an envelope that's
telling them if it's a boy or girl and
their neighbor actually I think is going
to be opening the envelope and revealing
to the entire family or everyone's who's
going to be there if it's a boy or a
girl so that's pretty exciting cool
moment that you guys are get to share
with us in our family so make sure you
come back tomorrow
so as for me I set this guy down that's
all I've got for you guys today I wish I
had more to offer in this vlog but check
out the other videos we'll be uploading
today and you'll have plenty of Gil for
your face holes that's all I've got for
you guys today thank you so much for
watching
and I can't wait to see you right back
here
