so we decided not to stay at home today
we're gonna do something super fun oh
not that kind of fun buddy Scott's son's
birthdays they had a joint birthday
party well today they're going to the
zoo as part of that birthday party
birthday right anyways we're going with
them nice relaxing day at the zoo but we
can't leave until I go get something
from the store having a puppy we're
faced with a different set of challenges
like if we want to go somewhere for the
day we have to make sure that the puppy
is safe you know put in somewhere that
he's not going to trash the house or you
know use the bathroom all over so we're
going to get a kennel and kennel train
the puppy but for today we're going to
be gone at the zoo for a large portion
of the day and so luckily her mom is
going to come over once an hour on the
hour to let the dog out
even attention and stuff
hopefully that goes well so really only
need a small one because she's just a
puppy look I thought I'd get a pink one
she's a girl look at that puppy the
puppy looks so happy to be inside there
that's it
that's too easy but aa dog kennel boom
oh boy
Colin are you trying to help the puppy
fit in better get more used to it you're
like practically stuck hey now you feel
like those animals at the zoo right it's
stuck in the cage and just like that
we're here at the zoo
this place is gonna be so packed today
I'm telling you uh you have no idea
Veronica Veronica oh I heard on the
radio this morning that this weekend
today they're doing like a championship
pumpkin carving contest which is kind of
cool Liza you ready
ray code zoo again oh yeah propogates
aren't as busy as I thought I would be
but the perks of being a member is I get
to walk right past all these people
flash my little bag and we're in what
you're not cold how are you not cold
yeah it's not like Oh
I told you there is like a pumpkin
carving contest going on look at the
size of this beast look at that
stand by I call and let's see how big it
is compared to you yeah huge mm-hmm are
you gonna be carving this you mmm nice
noon between noon and 5:00 all these
look all these guys have pumpkins that
are all gonna start carving and it's
like this big deal this guy Mike back
here he's going to be doing like this
old man carving out his bone and we're
gonna come back and see him in a little
bit we'll see all these guys but I want
to do a special piece with him it's
pretty cool
not a moose those are reindeer look at
yeah look at their antlers
get it get it do it
climb in there climb in there you're
that sound yeah that's what termite
sound
haha was that dead jig is everything
lined up yeah dude
so we found Scott and family there's
there's Diana rocky Lindsey old kids
that's West right there and look Scott's
I've never seen him use this before but
he's making full use of it now look at
this little zoom lens he's got on his
phone
dang that gets in there dude
all right check it out here's some of
the pumpkin carving that's going on we
got a spider yep no yeah that's not as
much of a carving though like that
that's really cool that's a sea turtle
that's so crazy
I love these faces that they make look
make the same face Carson pretty close
that's not bad we're that detail and so
just all using these like scraping tools
sculpting tools it's like peeling a
potato
I will say this
maybe Eliza is being the best kid of all
she's just straight sugar look it like
being so here if you are look what guys
this and
forty-four dollars
where's she going where's he going whoa
don't run into anybody oh my goodness
it's crazy let him drive the stroller
you know anyhow license
wait wait wait wait come here come here
come here turn it there you go come on
we've had food we're back on track
not the baby strapped to me we're going
to the African forest I missed it do you
see it yeah right there why are there be
a pig in the tree vajayjay see the pig
in the tree
you are live wait laughing ha ha why Hey
look what what now I'm just I'm so
confused
why is there a pig in the tree
they find you
anyone ever seen the movie Project X
with Matthew Broderick's an old filmic
1990s these bonobos always remind me of
that movie Project X have you seen that
movie
oh not you you're too young
honey what he's seen Project X no no you
guys seen Project X such a good Mary
look it up we had to transfer the baby
she she passed out seriously out of all
these kids she's the best one of them
all shouldn't cry she squirm
she's nothing so good quiet observing
now she's asleep I'm sad so I got bored
walking around the zoo just blogging and
I decided to do a periscope as well
everyone's in here hanging out hey
what's up guys camera can't really see
you very well but stay what's up hey
what's up everyone gets their shoutouts
in yeah we got a baby in there sleeping
you guys are awesome where's the hearts
it's so laggy mom's can't handle anymore
so now it's time for the dads to take
yeah we got them all herded right here
Colin Carson you stay bye daddy
be in Carson course I mean Carson are
about to touch this snake right
are you going to touch it with your
finger hey what if you touch it with
your tongue Jinyu Sandberg oh wow very
good person this guy's been ready to
shed because skin looks real weird
they
I'm Scott you're right come on guys
let's give him some privacy
let's give those to some fantasy monster
Louisiana Maine
that's such a cool shot look you can see
the turtle right his head above the
water oh my gosh look moments earlier we
were walking through here we checked in
on this guy with the snake look at it
now I want to see my guy at the front
who was he hadn't even started yet we
came in before they started carving and
he said he was gonna set up a time lapse
we're gonna go see where he's at now
you've come a long way since I saw you
last
yeah looks good man your time-lapse is
gonna come out flawlessly right is it
dead is it no it's still going yeah
you've got about one bar battery left I
can't remember his YouTube channel name
which is I can understand that for
people who don't do YouTube but he's
gonna send it to me tonight hopefully so
I can send you guys a link to that time
left I really want to see one of these
pumpkin carvings done and the time-lapse
so I think you guys were too I'll link
it if he sends it to me if not
unfortunately we can see oh they're
hanging lights for like Halloween time
Christmas time yeah I swear I'm telling
you guys this year I want to put lights
on the house for Christmas I didn't do
it last year or the year before but that
used to be like my favorite part of the
holidays see my house all lit up that
way I knew Santa Claus could find it and
that concludes our zoo trip did everyone
have fun yeah cool thing back there yes
ma'am
did you boys have fun yeah yeah good
good good to have good fun times zoo
goodness this is different
a bit of time has passed since I saw you
last in that rhyme
we're now in the woods heading to
Rocky's house the Lindsay's dad we're
gonna hang with them for the rest of his
birthday okay check this out look where
we are now this is a beautiful way to
spend the rest of our day look we got
fire
we got the honorary birthday boy we got
Scotty good times though what could this
landed this land is awesome beautiful
look there's a bunch of cows up here
maybe we'll get up there in a minute but
Scott wants to take me back to this
little spa around all this is where Wes
and his wife got married back here all
the way up this hill all the way around
and then back down out on the other yeah
Scotty wants some new family pictures
taken so he's showing me this body wants
to do it rainin yeah I felt some drops
straight we dug a bunch of rock
out of this Creek down here we
go down there and shake all these big
pieces of rock up this is where you got
married
walk down that's awesome
four-foot rock ha I'm saying this is the
perfect spot you like a zombie paintball
zombie apocalypse whoa dude this is
gnarly bro done
Oh another thing what the heck you did
this bug
this bug just made it with the other one
that's the craziest-looking animal
insect Oh bro Scott look right there
yeah what the heck dude we just had to
do a back of the Jeep nighttime PD with
this baby oh yeah baby Liza you get your
belly full ray pass out she's shy she'll
warm up eventually where's that light
coming from
these so coogee slices all passed out I
can't blame her look at that campfire so
awesome have fun today yeah yeah
no move the camera we're definitely
gonna do a diaper change people that's
right one all right guys we're showered
we're fresh for the day
Carson what you plan Madame warfare 2
modern warfare they're getting some game
time in we're gonna go back over and
hang out with scotland's today check out
their new house we were supposed to do
that yesterday but everyone decided
let's just chill and hang out by
campfire which turned out being a very
good idea it was nice relaxing and
definitely much-needed and thank you
guys so much for the understanding of
just kind of taking the day off
yesterday I understand you probably
missed us least I hope you did but uh
you know sometimes you just need to take
a day off especially with this ear
situation I've been having it's very
frustrating well that's where we leave
you today thank you so much for watching
I can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow I promise
