Oh what's up guys
welcome to our day we're up in my room
actually we got Zack here Zack say
what's up don't be rude what's up and
then we got Dallas Dallas is busy right
now plant some Xbox destiny we're trying
to get up on our destiny games so we can
stream it at some point maybe this
weekend I know I keep saying that maybe
this day maybe this day but there's a
lot of steps to do in a promise stream
and I just want to get it right and of
course there's Carson hmm and Eliza now
listen here watch out for her head there
how far back okay so Carson I was
thinking we're up here and joined some
video games but there's a person right
over here
grandpa Jay had his foot surgery and he
can't do anything other than play games
he has an Xbox 360 loves to play games
he said to me yesterday that he didn't
have any new games to play and he asked
if he could borrow one of mine and we've
got a lot of 360 games so why don't we
take a bunch of games over he already
knows where I'm going with this so we're
gonna take a bunch of games over and
surprise grandpa Jay with a new game to
play it a bag this bag will do though
it's kind of girly but oh well I'll take
this bag Carson and we'll fill it with
the games and then we'll take them over
to Grandpa Jay and let him pick what do
you say you yeah you ready to help me
with this mission okay this is our
thoughtfulness activity from he's the
boy before I play this
yeah but Jay can borrow for a couple
days Kenny yeah let's just throw them
all on that here look look look what's
just come off $40 in 99 whoa was looking
dang I didn't realize I had that many
games fill up this freaking bag holy
moley
there's there's a couple left but these
are like a this is a Kinect game
leggo he won't play that guitar heroes
all right are you ready we're on a
mission Jay brought for you a bag of
entertainment no look check this out
dude so many games look Zumba
you could totally do Zumba I don't think
alright maybe not Zumba but there's so
many other titles here that you could
get down on here look golden I reloaded
double-oh-seven
Prince of Persia wait there's a really
good one skate of course look you go
golfing
Tiger Woods that's fun so I know you
can't really do much but at least now
you've got yeah he chose titanfall which
is a great game at battlefield 4 nice
choice good day canned potatoes money I
don't know why I'm still late in the
game but finally installing iOS 9 oh
yeah iPhone did a little bit of Destiny
training I say training cuz we're gonna
try and stream this weekend but Veronica
said dinner's ready let's check this out
oh goodness
oh-ho-ho sweet potatoes potatoes steak
green beans oh my gosh Kevin
she was actually scratching at the door
she was at the sliding glass door
scratching she was like I gotta go out I
gotta go out look good girl good girl
well this dog trained in no time I want
to thank my wonderful wife for making
such a delicious looking meal how was it
boys what he likes green beans look at
you mom of the Year award yeah she feeds
the baby while eating the meal that she
prepared yeah what can I do for you what
would you like daddy what's this you
crazy all right so I came up here after
dinner to work on some legends of
awesome stuff check this out this isn't
this isn't the finished thing but I just
think it's really cool I'm not sure if
I'll stay with it but check it out
this was done in motion
whoo-hoo I like it but I'm not really
crazy about it working on this legends
of awesome thing has got me thinking
like I kind of want to redo the Gilroy
vlogs intro sequence but the problem is
time that's one thing I don't have
enough of and I've spent a fair amount
of it lately trying to learn motion or
not motion after facts so that I can get
better with that because I found out
needed it a lot lately
so when I want to learn something I can
watch youtube videos all day but it's
it's a it's not as good as my go-to site
which is this ring I'll show you this is
lynda.com if you've ever heard of it all
I had to do is type in After Effects and
my good lord there's so many videos and
I've been a Linda customer for a long
time my favorite guy right here
Ian Robinson he's the best but I thought
this would be a good chance to get you
guys in on actually creating something
for these videos that you watch every
single day so I came up with an idea
we're gonna do a contest
here's what I want you to do I want you
guys to go to this link right here
lynda.com forward slash gladiators and I
want you to learn some stuff this is a
free 10-day trial that they're willing
to give you guys keep in mind with free
10-day trials or any kind of trials you
have to put in your credit card
information and when the trial periods
over here you're definitely charged so
if you don't like it by the end of the
ten days definitely cancel so you avoid
that charge but I want you guys to go
into Linda and soak up all the knowledge
that you can on either After Effects
motion Photoshop InDesign illustrator
there's more programs in here to learn
about then then you could ever learn
probably in ten days
so pick one get in here and learn it
and what I want to do is by October 2nd
I want you guys to have shared with me
an idea
in actual intro sequence or anything I
want you guys to help come up with the
next Gilroy vlogs intro sequence I think
this could be a lot of fun and by
October 2nd we will be picking my
favorite so here's what you're gonna do
go right here to linda.com forward slash
gladiators definitely get in on this
free 10-day trial even if you don't want
to participate go learn something
because there's so I've been on this
site for probably six years plus there's
way too much in here to pass up by
October 2nd I want you to share links or
pictures or whatever you got on my
Gilroy blogs Facebook page yeah and by
October 2nd we'll pick the winner I hope
you guys come up with something cool I'm
gonna try and work up something myself
I'm gonna do this challenge with you
it'll be like a fan art Friday again
yeah all I'm just came up I was like dad
what is that well let me start it for
you again I'm living in it and you can
watch it Carson that Colin likes this
one check it out what do you think
that's the universal yeah yeah yeah but
the words come around here right right
yeah and then you cut that part off so
what's this part of the globe right and
then
I'm glad you appreciate my work dude
thanks buddy it's cool but I think it
could be cooler I think it could be way
over there I like the earth though
that's definitely gonna stay the whole
universe thing I like that part so so
you liked that thing yeah
also I'm so happy cause looking over my
shoulder as I was up there and he was
like dad that's awesome
makes me want to use it since he likes
it
hello my name is I was chasing a flier
was this stinkin flying bear just trying
to catch it with my two fingers like
Bruce Lee didn't chopsticks but I did
not catch him all right come on yeah why
don't you tell everyone good name Colin
you wouldn't everyone good night sleep
tight don't let the bedbugs bite
whoa the time warp I know it makes you a
little dizzy stay stay calm son stay
calm it's definitely a perfect time for
a nice boy
have a good day Oh tell me that didn't
just make you yawn so just go to the
shower and I I don't know if you guys
remember a couple days ago I was telling
you that my head felt weird had this
weird pressure and I explained that I
used to get like ear infections a lot
when I was younger that went away for
quite a few days but I woke up this
morning and its back again and it
concerns me because like if I close my
eyes I don't feel balanced as I do when
my eyes are open and so I don't know
that kind of thing worries me like what
if there's something wrong in my head
what if I'm going crazy I'm about to
snap
I'm just kidding but I told Veronica I
says you might matter make a doctor's
appointment just to be safe so I might
go see if dr. B can figure out what this
weird pressure is in my head you two
girls be good okay yep I'm back okay I
mean you're the gym after as long as he
says I'm not done I'll be back I'd say
just left the doctor's office
I guess so if you remember it was a
couple weeks back before James and
Holley showed up I had real bad like
sinus infection and gave me antibiotics
and stuff for that basically he's saying
that due to that science infection I'm
still having some residual problems and
more specifically he said it was a
eustachian dysfunction and the
eustachian tube is all connected an
inner ear and the all inner ears
connected to sinuses so he thinks that
there's still just some inflammation
inside my inner ear from that sinus
infection which is so crazy so basically
I just have to
go bowling and rinse off my mangina so
sorry guys I was gonna film similar
workout today but like I said I'm not
gonna film this stuff every time and I
don't have my little tripod with me so
there's literally nowhere but the floor
to set this thing down wish me luck
I'll see you know saying what's going on
out here what do you do about it yeah
it's super nice out it's nice and sunny
warm I was looking at the extended
forecast and there's a day next week I
think it's Saturday next week the high
is gonna be 69 again it's fall people
look this is the best indicator that
falls here there's dry crunchy leaves on
the ground our yard doesn't have as many
as other yards I've seen there's so many
leaves that look the leaves are falling
the colors are changing look at this
bush back here red leaves that's kind of
the cool part about fall you get to see
all these leaves change color and stuff
so a quick update on my grandpa if you
watched yesterday's video you saw he was
in the hospital because he had they were
suspecting that and do another heart
cast so did the heart cath basically to
clear him for a surgery for his bladder
he has like a little growth in his
bladder so I guess he's cleared for that
and I think they're scheduling the
surgery it won't be today or I'm not
exactly sure I'm win but the heart cath
showed that he didn't have any more
blockage than he did the last time they
did that so it's it's kind of you don't
know where to go from here
kinda stinks but I'm gonna go ahead and
get this video done listen thank you
guys always for tuning in and hanging
out with us every single day as always
thank you guys so much for watching and
I can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
