hey guys no I don't take a shower of my
clothes own that was just for dramatic
effect well how you doing it's a
beautiful day let's go see what's up
with voice well I guess currently only
Carson's home from school so but I did
just get out of the shower hey what are
you doing I guess got here I just ate my
snack would you have for snack but for
drowned iPod round no way dude ah dude I
love wait you want me to have one I
don't want one no I don't eat that
garbage look I was just making a
similarity Veronica Veronica when she
gets out of bed she walks like she gets
up like she's been running a marathon
all night long all right I've said this
before
she doesn't really let me give you a
demonstration how Veronica Watson she
wakes I had a bed she walks she gets up
it was like this
my body hurts even when you're not
pregnant that's here you get up I know
and it doesn't help that my heel still
hurts really bad from one I hit it on
the table like three four weeks ago
three weeks ago honey that's because you
probably broke it it's broken it could
be in there it's broken you need to see
a doctor
and then he'll amputate it or or I could
just cut it off for you all right so um
I'm on a mission we're about you and I
we are gonna go back I'm gonna help me
cool hello mama
we're gonna go to the grocery store and
get some for dinner we have almost
everything you need but we need a couple
more things and then James and Allah is
you they made us that delicious dinner
with the roasted sweet potatoes I can't
have a cream for sweet potato so we're
gonna get the boat but first I got to
take care of my hair we're gonna do it
like this mm-hmm yep
looks good Lucy hora MZ
it's good sir I'll be back okay
yes mmm we'll see you in just a moment
at the store and just like that back
home just like I said it would only be a
second did you call me while I was there
yeah well I tried to call you back like
three times and didn't answer well I'd
uh be bagheera what do you do when she's
so crazy about the dog
she is so crazy about the dog and the
dog is crazy about her cuz he she won't
stay out of her face
you love that puppy do you love that
puppy look at your tongue holy cow
Hey echo echo echo oh so I called the
dog echo and apparently overnight
everyone has decided that echo seems to
be the best fit for just a little puppy
echo echo meet echo echo is a female
what's the breed Hey poor collie mix
wonderful oh she grabbed up my camera
like ooh what's this are you gonna get
it Oh
try and get it try and get it by the
Dragutin get your camera you two here
whoa whoa too quick for you come on
it's become so good at crawling she's an
expert at the army crawl the military
crawl but when she gets up on her knees
she's getting super good yeah she she's
sleeping she yeah that's another thing
we have our our first baby girl we have
our first baby puppy girl we are first
kitty girl out in the garage
David I feel like this is all Veronica's
plan to outnumber the men in the
household what do you think thumbs up if
you agree she's coming I'm sorry honey I
had to take a phone call and dinner was
her why I was I know
wait Oh Liza what the matter looks like
I showed up just in time things are
falling apart
cumbia baby good on me
okay I'll feed I'll feed her and me
while you're feeding those two boys kids
are honey
this is delicious hey you like it
what is it just broccoli cauliflower
chicken and jeans
right away right yep my goodness you
guys
this is a home run meal right here you
guys like it you like it I don't like
cauliflower no you like the cauliflower
good job mommy hold on there really good
this is what's left of the dish but
literally just rice broccoli cauliflower
ragu cheese sauce chicken and grab the
cheddar on top just a little bit so
Dallas shows up and automatically the
boys are like let's play destiny me and
Dallas plan on playing this later this
evening anyways but the boys wanted to
get it on I figure let's let him play
before bedtime
oh no yeah I love to called what huh hmm
hi was it like strike oh my teeth don't
put your phone yeah why because I need
flashlights you lost this tooth I'm not
a very good writer
Oh No Oh No yeah we almost forgot about
that Carson brought me his tooth but we
never put it under his pillow ah
it stayed on my dick well researched we
couldn't find it the Tooth Fairy must
have taken the tooth and then didn't
leave any money because she was broke or
something help maybe she had to take it
back for double inspection to make sure
it was nice and good plane yeah yeah I
like that one that's a good one she had
to have a double inspected null
inspection must be run by the state now
every morning alright guys today is kind
of an important day we're heading to
heading to the doctor's office for the
first new pregnancy visit we're actually
running very much
we're also have to leave right before
Carson gets on the bus so luckily Dallas
was here to help us out
thanks dad weeks ago this is all green
nails all brown miss Brown's gonna go
down
homes have Coors Brown it's gonna go
down you know what that makes me think
this is fall fall is here the first day
of fall is yesterday right we get we get
like Halloween coming got Thanksgiving
we got everything pumpkin spice you know
this year we should go to the circle of
there's this place it's not very close
we actually have quite a drive to get
there but it's called the Circleville
pumpkin shell and it's like a festival
street fair and
I have pretty much every single thing
you can think of pumpkin leaving up
pumpkin pizza
can I scream I'm in course I pumpkin
spice latte or whatever you that was
mangled ear bones on the highway anyway
it's just time for fall time for all
those like what the all the oranges and
the Browns and all those you know warm
colors yeah it's actually quit pressing
my gosh there's a procedure i flood from
castigate pantless but she is
I have to pee first hmm we think about
this Eliza you're gonna be with us for
all these visits yeah you know it's so
crazy I feel like we were just here
through all this like we have to come
every two weeks or so per pointment I
just have to walk poor Veronica laughter
yeah so listen the doctor did sing
routine stuff brings me whatever you
brought us in to do a ultrasound just
we're not gonna be able see anything but
look right here that little black top is
the baby there's been a white part right
here around to the white part on the
side that's oh yeah what do you think
Martha yes
all right so that was it that was
excited good your urine test blood drawn
pap smear sorry that's an embarrassment
what else an ultrasound beat you guys
actually get to see that you saw that
for the very first time right along with
us that little tiny dot that is like
inside her belly how exciting is that
just exciting enough for a head nod it's
exciting them still like in shock no
well believe it it's there it's awesome
I can say that because I don't have to
physically birth it yeah child you don't
have any of the consequences uh yes I do
I have to put up with you worse no it's
awesome it's awesome it's super awesome
it's so awesome it's awesome
hurry up and pump gas so we can get food
Veronica wants me in palm gas now if you
remember you've been with us for a while
this is like after doctor's office
routine just go to do it still very
wrong 940 a number six she wants number
six I'm sorry
unfortunately
we're in town the hospitals here we got
a message late last night that my
grandpa had pain in his chest his
pacemaker went off oh so they came in to
do the testing and they was doing
testing yesterday and discovered that
their I guess was some sort of blockage
so they're doing a forecast today to see
where the blockage it where the blockage
is and to playtest and on our way up to
see grand hall Granholm on v 4 v already
the surgery all right
I tried make jokes about everything to
make coming with awful situations in my
life
yeah let's feel like laughter and
happiness and positivity is the best
medicine to counteract any negative
thing that could be happening in your
life so if you can make a joke of it do
but when it's time to be serious by all
means be serious this old guy
UOP we're talking to the youngest huh
one more life
there's plenty of light well how are you
feeling you've got a much tension there
where oh yeah we're gonna watch that
grandpa's enjoying the staff here
walkins talking to this cute little
blonde she's giving him a bath right oh
he's married mom just showed up and now
grandma's here who do you got I got a
new baby yeah we don't get to see much
time spent a great grandma on Liza Liza
who's got you look at Danny look at
Danny oh wow what are you looking at
what what my balls okay knock him dead
down there old man
oh that was a that was a joke goodbye
yeah we're all pulling for you
we love you we'll see you soon I gotta
go back home Graham yeah will you take
care of him in there yeah okay
hold it thank you okay I know what is
this guy my mom love you keep me updated
I hear get this baby home all right guys
so it's quite quite deep into the next
day it's currently 1 p.m. we just came
back from the hospital and the doctor's
office and all that stuff basically with
the doctor and Veronica's pregnancy
everything's gonna be just fine I
personally asked sent what are the risks
and concerns we should be worried about
it's like really nothing
he said there's a 4% chance at 36 weeks
the baby's lungs could be underdeveloped
but you guys I wouldn't worry about that
so so we won't we'll just hope that
everything is going to be perfectly fine
like it will think positively and
positive things will happen to you
so my grandpa's going in for a heart
cath today to clear up some blockage in
his arteries which he's had that surgery
once or twice before and sad to see him
back in the hospital but when you're old
you're old you got to keep ups like
maintenance on a car so he'll be ok
and we'll check back in with him in
tomorrow's video so that's all I've got
for you guys today thank you so much for
watching and I can't we see all of you
right back here
