you guys look this is my day so far I
reinstalled Windows seven on this
computer to make it better for streaming
for various reasons but look it had to
do updates failed 202 updates two of
them succeeded
well I got that going on I just finished
my vlog but before that I edited the new
iPhone 5 screen fix video on my how-to
channel so make sure you check that up
I've literally been up here all day I
need to go have some fun with the kids
look what my boys found Luffy was this
big found him yeah we should take him
back to where he found him hey Charlie
Carson wants to keep this little kitten
but what if he does let's take him back
to where you found him so we can reunite
him with his family I'm with Colin I'm
with Colin ha ha I'd rather show mommy
hmm he can leave with his friend what
yeah he doesn't have any friends he's
got you in you he's not my friend
in my own he's my pet my brain says we
don't need another animal of course not
absolutely not we'd fill up our house
with stray cats if we took in every
stray cat my kids found on the other
hand he's looking at me like Daddy
Please Please he's like crossing his
hands together please crying I hate to
see my kids heartbroken
I mean cats are cute and all but I don't
know he's literally literally tinier
than fluffy white and smaller did you
just leave him out there yeah
what do you mean did you just leave him
out there was I supposed to bring these
tried trust me please try look
Veronica's making some delicious looking
fried chicken I just fried that
fortunately arrestees oh okay which is
also making homemade cheddar Bay
biscuits which is smelly very very good
we're trying to get cleaned up hey
that's the stink bug we're trying to get
cleaned up for dinner help me out you're
doing good you're doing good
destiny yeah if you do everything I ask
you you get all this covered for me and
we'll do that what deal
deal all right you gotta help me get
everything done before dinner all right
all the LEGO pieces will do it gave me
and dad a roll first yeah it's a one
player game so we'll all just gonna have
to check it out and take turn yeah yeah
this charity biscuits homemade from
scratch that's awesome
thank you thank you my sweetness it's
it's time to eat
so to recap what just happened after
dinner my neighbor came and knocked on
the door
Carson stared me my neighbor comes and
knocks on the door and they're holding
the very same cat the Carson was after
earlier as mrs. yours like no it's not
mine
nope actually I closed the door I was
like no closed it that's just a
relationship we have anyways so now they
have that context I'll show you the
garage we're keeping the garage Oh
Carson can I get this price so yeah
that's what happened did you do this
what the garage the garage Kitty the
kitty I guess I can't let her get
attacked overnight I'm talking by the
time for the duration of its current
existence it's been outside I don't know
I know I just know I know
but Carson does look super happy that
all right you can do it come on make me
girl yeah good girl
that's my baby you're doing it good job
sweetheart huh oh oh good job sweetheart
that's what it's all about right there
that little baby she's grown too smart
she can now crawl I've taught her
hmm tell daddy analyzer goodnight more
Carson upstairs upstairs upstairs okay
huh top two chopped oh yeah you're silly
even tone good night
Tong tonight we turn fluffy to a baby oh
we're getting so good at magic high five
ha ha I dared you to hear oh look how
happy she is in the morning you're so
happy yes you are yes wise you just have
your bottle she's super whoa super happy
first things first
thanks guys bye sweetheart
I love you I'm good day be good boys
school okay
bye Liza meet be my mommy come home soon
we're gonna have some some work to do
today and I'm not sure exactly
I don't know I feel like I have a lot to
catch up on a lot the yard needs mounted
the pool needs drained and cleaned I
need to go get some roundup and spray
all the driveway veg
patien because my driveway is becoming
overrun with crabgrass or whatever and I
have quite a few videos to edit there's
just not enough time in the day or night
all right I remember when I was a kid I
used to live those things all time oh so
I'm off to the gym but before I go I
gotta pick up something at Lowe's our
old home Freeman store I told you I
gotta fix a got a lot of stuff to do in
the driveway is becoming very very ugly
and overgrown so I got to fix that and
the best way for me to do that is to get
some roundup right here my ex landlord
told me the best way to go is to get the
concentrated stuff that you can put in
your own spray pump because I haven't
had my own spray pump so instead of
getting this which is like 20 dollars
that I know won't take care of it I
guess I should get this concentrate
doesn't tell me how much it makes but I
know it'll be
it'll give me more than I think that
would and now we left
I lied first repeat now with
so I find it like really interesting
it's kind of amazing actually how like
certain muscle groups are weaker than
others like it's it's really nothing for
me to do what was that things like it's
like 65 pounds on the military press but
for the lateral raises for the shoulder
I can I
I do good to get my reps in like I could
lift heavier weights but I need the reps
so to do the rep so I got to choose a
lighter weight and 20 pound 20 pound
dumbbells is pretty much all I can
handle to get my reps for those lateral
raises so I think like I feel like my
best course action is to get all of my
muscle groups to a uniform strength and
then start building weight from there I
don't know we'll have to get what Pete
wants to get with Pete on that for
exactly what I should do but I feel good
I feel definitely some Bertil we've got
the magic potion to get rid of all this
stuff look at my my driveway is just
full of like grass especially this area
up here this used to be all just gravel
all the way up until like right around
there so I hope I have enough might have
to get more but it's a good place to
start gotta get rid of all this grass in
the gravel area now we pump pump it up
pump the GM
completa
we've got everything sprayed down the
box actually says that within 12 hours
you should start seeing some action and
well I guess now we just wait now we
just wait my other chore to tackle today
is that pool gotta get that thing
emptied and cleaned out just you know
home stuff getting ready for fall my
least favourite time of year and look
who's still with us
this little guy Oh boys alright friends
so currently the time is noon and I've
got a little bit of work left to do
outside but unfortunately it's about
that time for me to start editing so
this is this is where I leave you guys
today
I'm so sorry if today's vlog is a little
short but I've got a lot more stuff to
get done so as always thank you so much
for watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
you
