what's up guys I haven't been on my
board for such a long time it's always
nice to try and get that kickflip right
when you get on it that was awesome
I still got it I still got it all right
so we're gonna start this day with some
positive energy it's my buddy Scott Suns
is birthday party today so we're gonna
go hang out then but first the boys
stayed the night at their cousins house
we got to go pick them up I called you
in the back
it's
yes let me just say my dear friend
Jeremy lips though I haven't met you yet
I love your stuff bro I love that music
and I hope you guys are having a
wonderful day I don't know if I
mentioned yet today is beautiful it's
nice it's warm partly sunny worried
about traffic because in this area
there's something going on called
the backwoods fest it's like a country
craft type fair it's pretty big too and
there's a lot of traffic on this road so
I hope it doesn't take me too long to
get the kids we don't want to be late
for this party yeah there's the cops
patrolling the traffic actually not that
bad
hey Carson what's up dude hey poor guy
he's like I know you did oh hey get your
stuff together I guess it is like don't
worry there's fruit at the party okay
okay cheer up turn that frown upside
down
make man Oh grumpy guess
thanks for keeping them thanks for not
feeding them no Carson gonna be a
Scottie what's wrong with your chest
it's like bouncing
okay hey mama hey hey mama
she's like Oh camera oh oh I'm not ready
for my close-up mr. Daboo Scotty got
pizza that's what's up
Oh gramma Stacy got pizza look I was
just here like well of course ins the
Carson's better now Carson was very
upset because he was very hungry
starving actually
who'd he got him some pizza and he's
doing better now I'm gonna get me some
people there's a beauty box you can take
pictures no no we rolled the video this
is all about the video pudding when you
just called us all inside she says it's
time for that whole old-fashioned Happy
Birthday song oh this is busy you see
the cake you know what happens next
we don't boys just open their presents
check this out these were one of my
favorite toys when I was a kid these
little pull these little pull string
helicopters things are so awesome
get the ladder Scottie here we go don't
jump easy with the puppy do you like to
pee nice puppy he's got a long tongue
and he's got puppy breath puppy breath
looks like the weather had other plans
for this I'll tell you playing rain
right there the pavements all wet nice
and slippery Scottie has kind of another
bad yeah they're bad I'm gonna pull the
four-wheeler out on the street and do
some burnouts on the pavement
sounded like fun to me sound like fun to
you
Nikolai's has had too much fun look at
her best
OD honey you look so beautiful
it's that beached and she got Eliza just
crawl
yeah Liza oh yeah
good job honey you crawled you guys just
witnessed them a baby milestone she
crawled baby Liza
it's way down there now my why are you
doing
just to try and make it funny shut up
this toward these shorts turn it over
let's see the inside that ain't coming
out what you do what is that
silicon we're teaching all the young
kids about snapchat Oh your little robot
your Iron Man inside you see I can't
throw a left-handed but we'll see here
we go Oh why'd you do that so mean you
like that son happy birthday
I got Lindsay had put my camera down
Isis flying yeah I got blazed it's been
all kind of crazy up in here excitements
over NASA gotta show on my office is rig
very bud this guys rig check out this
setup that's the next level futuristic
type issue I tier look that's where the
big storm stuff just went through and
now look at it beautiful blue clear sky
and it's cloud over there that's Ohio
for you rain in one minute beautiful
blue skies the next and beautiful baby
girls we're gonna go out to dinner now
Papa boos Papa Boone well here we are at
Papa boys but I can't see me standing
like that we're here to eat but we're
also here for its a colon cancer benefit
for one of our good friends her mom has
colon cancer so we're here no friends no
support on the support for her and her
mother will let her tell you more about
it when we get in here papa booze is
jammin Nate McDonagh tree I was about to
come on it's a really really good build
a good man I thought maybe I'd capture a
little bit of this sunset check
I told you that was a beautiful sunset
tonight it's not completely gone but
it's almost there wow we had to get a
blanket out earlier it was hot like 80
degrees and right after all that rain
came through it's pretty chilly I'm
regretting ranch shorts Hawaiian pizza
breadsticks the boys got salad and
little steak bites
get it eat like a man person chicken
nuggets tater tots time to grab so aside
from coming here to hang out with
friends and have food and stuff we're
here for a special occasion and one
that's even more special to my friend
Trisha here
Trish's mom unfortunately suffers with
colon cancer why don't you tell them a
little bit about you know what's
happening okay so in April my mom was
diagnosed she saves three colon cancer
that we had surgery and everything set
up for August 17 and they did testing
beforehand and found out the cancer had
spread Wow
so as she is now considered stage during
the past was basically Manson's I heard
her bloodstream is traveling through her
body so now she's on chemo every other
Monday for six months and then
swings around anywhere and it's not his
war bird with surgery and it has I guess
we do
when it comes so it's very important 't
circumstance for anyone let alone a good
friend's mom and so we're here to raise
awareness and also try and you know
raise some money for the colon cancer
research so Tricia has actually set up a
GoFundMe to help raise money for that
and I'll be the needy and we'll leave a
link down in the description below so
you guys can donate too if you feel like
it
super good cause so we'd love to help
her out any way we can all your
gladiators out there we love you and we
love your mom's special shout out to
Kathy she lives all the way in Florida
so unfortunately she could be here with
us but we're with you Kathy be strong
and thank you have cancer baby so now
that it's eight o'clock the man's about
to go on this is the name McDowell - oh
very good man colin is actually very
excited for them to start playing
also blur factor they get was a good
night to do I'm actually last to leave
because I actually forgot to pay my bill
I said go back in but it's cool they
know me here they know I'm good for
plus they all know where I live - that
was fun I thought it feels good
supporting other people's causes we
missed you boys we wanted to make sure
to tell you good night before you went
to sleep a little boys good night Collin
I'm sad it's so late when we got home
who's gonna play some games
maybe tomorrow yeah I know it's new
teller glad he is gonna perfect mr.
Colin when I was attempting those
kickflips earlier in the garage one of
them landed sideways and the side of the
board just came up act me in the ankle
it looks a little swollen it definitely
feels sore oh gosh I'm too old to
skateboard I think not if that Tony Hawk
does it I'm not Tony Hawk but it's still
dry right like I need to play guitar
more often here's a reenactment
that's now sitting here like this
actually had my feet up cuz I was icing
my ankle like 3:00 in the morning on the
tongue like this I have a real bad habit
of passing out late at night I'm sitting
down on the couch through the chair so
yeah we're gonna have fun today
together as a family at the zoo
hopefully my leg doesn't fall off I'm so
we got to eat some breakfast showers to
dress get this video done and go have
some fun so tune in tomorrow fun time at
the zoo as always thank you so much for
watching
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
