what is happening guys welcome to a new
vlog guys it's Father's Day so far it's
been such an amazing day I'm starting
this video at about 7 p.m. I just came
off a super long day of shooting and I
gotta say it was pretty much a
life-changing experience just to kind of
catch you up we were filming with you
know a bunch of make-a-wish kids I just
want to give thanks right now to those
kids for helping me appreciate you know
what I have so I feel like I feel like I
just want to start this vlog with some
happy energy some positivity I freaking
miss you guys so much but just know that
we've been super busy making like
literally dreams come true I'm really
really happy so I just got home and I
want to go inside and see the kids for
the first time today Colin and Carson
went camping with Nana this weekend she
got a brand new camper that is just out
of this world so yeah I'm going to go
inside and say hi to the kids and let's
get this vlog started hello here's my
baby sweet Oh what is up buddy
Oh oh my gosh hi punkin look what you
got you you got a sucker and why'd you
get a sucker you got a sucker beyond
them lies and went beyond the party I
know you guys are wearing matching for
that little row yeah check out this
camper that Nana got the boys spent the
weekend and that thing is sick we're
starting this video definitely later in
the day that we normally would but we're
going to have some fun because it's
Father's Day and I'm a father
okay let's open the ones from the kids
first we should daddy stay Oh
daddy of the year 2k 17 happy Father's
Day - the nicest funniest huh get
smarter very best daddy in the whole
world you're the best daddy ever Carson
I love you so so so so so much
love Colin and a lines of your princess
clearly mommy right - yeah am I really
the best daddy in the whole world
yeah yeah can we really open this one
from mommy - my husband we both know
that being a parent is one of the most
rewarding and demanding jobs there can
be on Father's Day I want you to know
that I feel lucky to be sharing the
decision the last frustrations and all
the happiness with a terrific husband
like you
happy Father's Day with all me life
right high five - mm-hmm - over again
okay all right check this out Roman
actually hooked us up with this sex IQs
super kid which is a very impressive
robotic system that you build yourself
he actually knows the guy who created
these and he sent this home with us and
thought it would be a fun project so I
think on Father's Day it'd be really
cool idea for us to build this what do
you guys say do you want to build that
or we're at my parents yeah yeah it's a
literal robot like we're gonna look
we're going to build a robot there's no
images on there but there's tons of
parts it's like it's like an electronic
Lego set slash connect slash what's the
metal one I
what what was that oh you crack your
neck like that's actually really good
that makes a really convincing sound hey
what do you whine about a little girl
you're too cute to just this okay we
have made it to my parents house happy
Father's Day to you dad
best dad in the whole land right there
my friends doesn't mind was going from
her office we're getting ready to pull
this thing out and try and build it this
is our dad project dad we're going to
build this monster of a machine and
we're going to we're going to see how it
works to be super super cool looks very
very complicated oh I know we have these
too
I don't know how that should all be in
there for sure we know that we have a
battery pack this is what's going to
power this machine and it comes with a
charger which is super cool so we want
to have a battery ready when we get this
thing built you want to plug that in
next thing we're gonna do is go through
this whole booklet and build our machine
look at this massive bag apart like this
thing is huge that is all the parts that
we need to build this giant saying all
in smaller bags of course but look at
how many
yes you should there are I'm sure that
very controller there's all these thermo
and centers and all these really cool
pieces and this was my boy right here
this is the brain that is the brain
that's the smart part right there that's
got all the computer chips inside it
done this just wanted I got 20 minutes
of class and they've got one piece
together
oh we got wielding a wheels on psycho
Colin I said that no one was coming on
side wheels look at this we've gotten
the brain connected and we're getting to
the point where we need to connect the
wires to run those bottom servos super
cool man this thing is everything I'd
ever wish when I was a kid like could
you imagine Bill here on robot back when
I was a kid we had the cool toy toys
just keepin cooler
powers you know play with your food I
don't
well them what you did two hours late
there oh no it has amateur hours but uh
another one goes is this just change
them as bad building an hour there yes
this okay to be fair this requires paint
a lot of focus participation
Howard late there would you stop being a
protagonist here no you can work no
there are nearing the end good job guys
the kids are out there I'll just leave
haha and why are you ready to go to
sleep yeah Hank your robot someone's
done go check it out okay
we built claw ba time for the ultimate
test wood ready yes that on don't drive
off the table this is the deal it says
here in the book to pair your brain with
the controller right and I promise you
I've done exactly like this Victor
wirelessly how can I use it once it's
connected maybe I'm missing something
and we've already tested it with it and
it works what I wanted to show you guys
that we didn't have a cube connected to
it and that was working ok so we got to
go to driver control run running back
there is now what happens if I can
dismiss it all stopped Kinect controller
that's so bare I want you to pick it up
we just built a robot dude pick it up
yes
oh yeah oh yeah nice high five
oh you and the robot high five
okay super weird I just high-fived a
robot
whoa oh he's going backwards oh yeah
nice I mean if we could get the radio to
separate before you get to the video
please sing but just a small issue still
a man right there right there on the
side of the leave this damn is this fish
the rabbit
scrub it they say oh yeah look at that
perfect dick dang Carson you and your
brother gonna have to face off we're
going to get two of these you guys are
gonna have to battle for who's next
driver you do get a second one it will
be on Mother's Day now be drinking a
beer out here and be cool but seriously
guys this is a really ridiculously cool
toy thumbs up today's video if you liked
or would want to have a really cool
little robot like that pretty cool ok
veronik and i both have lots and lots of
work to do tomorrow starting very early
so unfortunately the boys are going to
stay here with Grandma from the day with
her tomorrow which is going to be super
fun right we're gonna have some fun
yeah okay busy busy busy non-stop going
here and there such an honor and have
the opportunity that I have not to work
on such an amazing object which is
really incredible before me and I'm
gonna miss you buddy
oh I'll be over tomorrow just lie down
here oh and I was meant to post a
completely different video but it's been
being worked on in collaboration with
Lucy's buddy chemo and I'm going to post
it within the next couple days it is so
funny so random you guys are going to
love it I promise you're going to love
it oh yeah for now we got to go home and
get some sleep cuz we've got a fishery
early day tomorrow and it's hearty
midnight so here we are back out on the
road another beautiful day and such a
blessing to be out and able to do what
we're doing today I'm so excited the
hits just keep common man like I just
feel so honored to be doing what we're
doing today that's a huge day so I got
to get ready go in town take care of a
couple errands and then get over to Rome
and start the process of yet another
amazing day so guys if you like hanging
out with us today do hit that
button wish me luck today we're doing
some really really big stuff so so yeah
that's all I got for you on this one
guys thank you so much for watching
happy Father's Day to all those dads out
there and yeah see you right back here
