don't you
everybody here is time asserted it about
yesterday mom and I'm excited about that
it was a boy returned here named nanos
tacos cuz we already got three kids here
it's a girl before I could even upload
today's video that you saw yesterday we
got the results back from the hospital
blood tests it's real it's real and said
we are canceling the surgery for
Monday's as you are definitely pregnant
so here we go again what's a matter
princess oh that's the cutest bit look
you guys
mm-hmm how could you stop making babies
when they come out looking like this
this is little baby we've got one more
in us whether it's a boy whether it's a
girl we'll see how well my sperm swim Oh
guess what
Carson lost a tooth today at school
Carson show your tooth dude show it gone
totally gone my goodness how's the Tooth
Fairy gonna come if you spend the night
of Noah's
really yeah I hope so I'm gonna bring my
kids are you I don't know if that's how
it works let's find out won't we
Carson are you leaving me dude you're
calling you're leaving me too dude oh oh
there I guess there's spend the night at
their cousins house I'll miss you too
buddy
little lies is not though she's she
staying home yeah
Veronica's gonna take them I'm gonna
stay here the house is on his way
but before Dallas gets here J just had
surgery on his leg so I thought I'd go
over and say what's up to him see how
the surgery went poor guy he's been
walking with a limp like like forever
for as long as I can remember walking
with a limp
I just wanna see how he's doing boys be
good though okay you promise you promise
to behave okay and you promise yes look
me in the eyes with me in the eyes hey
okay look who it is Dallas showed up
what's up dude what up man would you you
saw the video
Yeah right well finding herself aside
from that the fact that we're freaking
baby dude uncle Dallas 2.0 wait for
point oh holy cow oh yeah all right so
uh yeah Broncos taking the boys to
Amanda's it's just Dallas and I we do
one play some game some yeah
throw out the setup yeah look Dallas and
I just got done playing some destiny I
picked up the new destiny game
just for kicks and Wiggles rymus anyway
we're gonna go to Scott's now that games
pretty fun destiny I haven't really
played before I rented it when it very
first came out and for whatever reason
my internet was complete garbage at that
time and I couldn't really play it so
because I and it requires internet so
because I can play it I just never
picked it up again at this time I got
the best internet and it seems to be
working out pretty well
come on no but seriously though look at
that sunset
look at that beautiful country sunset
would you just look at it
just looking at it it's awesome
what do you think guys do you love this
camera at night or what this camera is
definitely beautiful
all right we just got to Scott let's see
what he has to say he's got a lot to say
ah ah there's my baby
what up Lindsay what up skinny yeah
we're Scottie Oh me what it was a prank
remember I know there's a prank
congratulations high five I'm excited
you guys keep have them I don't have to
I'm excited
we got another baby another baby Scott's
over there he just got back from town
and we're talking about how bad they
missed us on vacation
Scott says he wouldn't even get on
Facebook he was so depressed do the ones
see the pose that's so sad dude but it's
good because that we were just saying we
don't want to go on vacation without
them again cuz we always have a blast
together right no incidents no issues
always perfect fun super chill awesome
time yeah dude we oh man I wish you were
there so bad for real everyone say hi to
blue
look Liza need new family pictures I did
their last family pictures and it's been
a while since they've had pictures taken
outside you know what she needs to find
some old pictures of Scott Scott used to
have like this really thin chinstrap
deal going on
right now he's rocking the big old
Bushman and Lindsey's like I can show
you a really old picture check this out
this is like 21 check out out 21 0.2
Scott's wearing like a fur coat oh yeah
always not wearing for good now on let's
just say we were really drunk wait let
me see that there's my guitar right
there yeah do that so hilariously funny
were really drunk no not like that drunk
but we were at least that drunk not that
drunk we were young we didn't have kids
I did get chasing after the dress was
drunk so after a very good hangout
session it's time for us to part ways
for the night Scotty as always could see
my friend Lindsey we carry that out from
Rome because she's pregnant
oh that's right we're coming back for
her birthday party tomorrow look we can
we get home we put Eliza's bed first
thing we do we're like ice cream
Veronica's making a handmade shake
and I got some butter pecan my favorite
ice cream the whole white world butter
pecan and this is butter pecan cashew
the catches are really good cashew so
that makes even book
yeah brink yeah we don't like crunchy
eggs in it anyway good morning guys good
morning
sorry no transition last night the whole
ice cream from you know sugar coma got
me and Eliza's morning routine right
here she drinks bottles I drink coffee
ready girl she's ready she finished her
morning bottle now it's time for me here
you sit right there baby
you sit right there yeah sit right there
for daddy look
Branka made us Oh eggs waffles waffles
yogurt not to forget coffee I'm really
disappointed because I don't have any
Tabasco and as you know and love love
love love my eggs with Tabasco but it's
okay it's all pepper we'll have to do we
have any pepper
Holy Mother that's okay my love it was
made with love and so therefore it will
be delicious feeling fresh from a
beautiful relaxing shower
got myself all ready we got to go to a
birthday party today we got to go pick
up the kids and then later when we come
home and I kind of just want to hang out
with them I feel like it's been crazy
the past few days so so yeah Eliza's
upstairs taking a nap right now is the
perfect time for me to edit and get this
video uploaded for you guys to watch and
enjoy hopefully so unfortunately that's
where I'm gonna leave you guys today
just to recap to confirm yes it's a
hundred percent true Veronica is
pregnant we got the results yesterday
from the hospital she's pregnant so here
we go again
number four thank you guys all so much
for your well wood
and support we really do appreciate it
as always thank you so much for watching
and I can't wait to see right back here
tomorrow
