what are you missing hey guys okay to
the twilight zone
all right I'm sure you saw yesterday's
video pretty incredible huh yeah today
now we got the grandmas here feel like I
should be nany I'm married
shoot oh that's right you got Veronica
first so you're currently witnessing a
part two of the day where yesterday's
didn't happen and um we're still all
like staying here like good shock just
this is a movie right people are gonna
pop out of some cakes or some doors
somewhere I'm done Frankie next yeah
never turns out the way I want you jinx
yourself because it wasn't me it was you
we were just on vacation and the next
card will come hello hey mom surprise
what Nana you didn't just do that hold
on what what what what's going on how
you doing I don't know what did Veronica
text you wish what were you talking
about a prank by an hour
chase Gilroy it was a prank it work it
was a it was a prank I bought it I had
Samantha peed on bottom one and then it
wasn't a prank I told you it wasn't a
prank that's what the pregnancy guys say
it's uh yeah she's pregnant
Veronica's pregnant and I'm not pranking
she can't have surgery on Monday now I'm
not pregnant
Veronica's calling her dad I'm scared we
do it just come on yeah we'll give good
news yeah explains reading the whole
thing cuz here anymore oh well well the
prank
you know that prank goes gonna pull on
chase yeah yeah they're kind of
backfired
backfired yeah I got him I got him with
the prank good and he believed it and
then I went to pee on a tester show him
that it was negative well it came back
positive that's what everyone thanks for
trying to prank him but no so I had to
take a little time out to edit this
video like I had a different vlog plan
to go up yesterday but I decided to
completely scratch it because I was busy
working on LOA stuff graphics website
and I had like four and a half five
minutes of a video and I was like yo
this this this should go instead because
it's way better more interesting
completely like Wow I they won't hit me
for another couple months actually this
can't really be happening this is
exactly this is history repeating itself
this is exactly to a tee what happened
with Colin and Carson so Colin was born
and when he was seven months we found
out that Carson was on the way and Eliza
is seven months I'm sorry to leave you
for a few your hmm you literally thought
you were just pranking me had no idea
I'm still in complete shock Mike I love
you good night see penny I know you'll
be in bed before I get home
yes me yeah sorry all right
so I just got to the gym Maya my brain
is not working properly uh I still can't
believe I can't believe what's happening
I didn't bring my tripod to be able to
film anything in here I mean clearly I'm
Matt the gym but I'm just gonna leave
this for me do my thing work out and
focus and I found that working out it's
a great place to do all of my thinking
it's a I don't have any headphones with
me actually I think I do yeah
so I'm just gonna listen to some music
focus my Chi get fit and I'll catch up
with you guys in a minute
a second actually who it was ba back and
biceps today for some reason I really
dig those preacher curls with the the
curved barbell I like that one
I like that one wah not a big fan of the
Romanian deadlifts because that really
hurts my back pretty sure it does
everyone's he did lifts I'm back family
we're so here I feel like that muscle
oh look at the Flicka dad miss look at
the placate every voice you can't think
you can't go to sleep without telling us
good night and by us I mean me and our
gladden acres you know good night buddy
I love you I love you rock me love me
that's the second pot already what a day
what a day what a day we're starting off
today Veronica's calling the doctor's
office to uh I don't know confirm the
labs know what you're doing maybe make
an appointment hey I know I'm supposed
to have surgery Monday but I think we
should probably cancel hmm
were you using anything for birth
control
no he said okay well you need to go
straight to the hospital have a repeat
pregnancy test done and then we'll go
from there
use protection kids
okay so we've all gotten ready showers
showers
Veronica actually took the last we got
two boxes one with one tests and one
with two tests yesterday she took this
one and this one and this morning she
took this
one I mean they're all positive one of
them was Samantha's three of them are
Veronica's so we're loading up we'll
keep this video going and take you guys
with us to the hospital who are with us
your true gladiators and you're showing
your support and excitement that's
awesome thank you and we appreciate your
your love and your support and
everything that you do for us but
there's so many other people who are
like this is stage this is fake this
can't be real
I understand why you feel that way I
still feel that way I I believe that
she's still trying to prank me hmm you
know I feel like I'm getting pranked
though that was how we felt yesterday
like she's trying to prank me telling me
her pregnant she's pregnant and then all
the sudden she pees on the stick and it
shows she's pregnant and there's like
that holy crap
I said yesterday I felt like I said
Twilight's on its it's unbelievable so
that's why I can understand where you're
coming from when you think that it's
fake or staged but let me be the first
to tell you 100% honesty nothing about
that video yesterday and that happened
yesterday like I posted it right after
it happened um because it's so crazy
like huh how does that happen you're
scheduled for hysterectomy and then all
of a sudden you try to prank your
husband thinking you're pregnant and
then come to find out you're actually
pregnant ooh ha joke's on you ha ha you
just looking at me like what are you
doing that pretty much was it quick and
easy in and out they just had to draw
her blood and that'll tell us if she's
uh you know the big P the big old pee
poo everything come out okay
yeah let's see let's see your arm that's
all we came for just a little yeah the
doctor put in least an order so I guess
they'll get the results of this test
like today so I can't wait I can't wait
to see I mean we already have a pretty
good idea three three store-bought tests
proof positive so I can't believe that
this one would be any different if it is
then I need another vacation
yeah alright guys so before we leave you
for today we kind of just wanted to you
know tell you that first thing yes
everything you saw in that video was
exactly how it happened and we're still
like we just went to the hospital to get
positive confirmation that Veronica's
tests really mean that she is pregnant
number two there seems to be a lot of
concern about can Veronica safely be
pregnant um
she doesn't she doesn't definitively
have any kind of cancer yet um we you
know she had the doctor's appointment
they determined that she has as close to
being cancer without fully being cancer
right
not ovarian but cervical cancer and the
hysterectomy surgery was - it was the
preventative measure - to make sure that
she doesn't get that cancer and she be
pregnant of course um with Eliza's
surgery the complications that caused
the the giant scar on her belly yeah
that makes things a little more
complicated but she can totally and
safely be pregnant the only thing is is
that because of her scars from the
previous surgeries that the baby had
would have to come out 36 weeks instead
of full-term 40 right so I mean work
we're literally just sitting here on the
couch today for the rest of the day
until we get the phone call from the
doctor
we're just waiting we're waiting for him
say all right you're pregnant he could
call and say you're not pregnant but
then I'd like to know why tests came
back positive
yeah so like the past 24 hours has
definitely been a huge emotional roller
coaster and you guys are seeing all of
this stuff as it happened maybe maybe we
shouldn't have uploaded that video so
soon but here's the thing we we share
almost almost all of the intimate
details of our lives with you you're
like you've been here for holidays for
birthdays for everything you guys are
like family and so like something like
that happens that crazy craziness she
tries to prank me and then comes to find
out that her prank actually was a
reality
so we thought we would definitely want
to upload that and share it with you
guys
and I hope you know you understand I'm
sure you do most of you do so yeah
that's where we're going to leave you
guys today unfortunately um
the grandmas kind of ruined us giving
the boys another kind of surprise video
so they already know and in tomorrow's
video when they get home we'll talk to
them a little bit more and get their
feelings on it and all that stuff but um
that's where we're at as far as we know
we think we're pregnant
mm-hmm we're waiting to hear back from
the hospital and the blood the blood
test results to confirm it we'll let you
guys know as soon as we know something
okay
no fakes no trickery this is a hundred
percent the life of a Gilroy
all right guys unfortunately that's
where we leave you today listen as
always thank you guys so much for
watching and sharing this journey we
call life mm-hmm
we can't wait to see all of you right
back here tomorrow
