alright guys we're back home that means
it's time to hit that gym again brought
my protein with me water I'm ready to
get back on the horse now don't get me
wrong it's not like I wasn't working out
at all on vacation all I could really do
was like push-ups and dips and pull-ups
and stuff and like I told you guys in
the beginning I'm not gonna film every
single time I work out I'll have to
admit I didn't work out as much as I did
in the beginning at the past couple
weeks just because there's been so much
going on but I didn't give up just so
you know
when you skip days or a week even
definitely makes things harder for you
won't be doing that again okay we're
gonna go back home now and rearrange my
desk and I'll show you how to set
everything up for we're gonna start
doing live stream gaming what's up buddy
how was school
yeah awesome you what you played with
play-doh screen it's called choice time
choice time okay okay
well I just came back from the gym got a
little workout in I'm dropping stuff had
to get a couple of Windy's burgers cuz I
know mom's not gonna you're you're about
to get she's about to go to the gym I'm
going to the gym yeah I know that I
haven't had anything ready for dinner so
come back oh you are well that's fine I
need to eat as much as possible right
iliza
mommy's in charge push get that homework
boy yeah you like it
yeah training at the spectrum normal
yeah
creeping get your homework done boys
when mom is spring um acts smelly stop
the smelly stuff that spray yeah oh it
got like up here into a really it was
freezing your hair is frizzy yeah
you sweat here and here okay you're so
sweet Carson
okay there's all this stuff that needs
to go home to this desk I got the iMac
my second monitor this is a LED flat
panel TV so I can hook the Xbox to I
have to have space for that Windows
computer which I hate and I'm looking
for an alternative so I can use my Mac
to stream but currently that's how I'm
not using and I only have that little
thing the desk and maybe that to use
this is gonna be a lot work
Veronica just yelled at me dinner's
ready and I've only got this far I
wanted to put the Mac on this side and
the the actual TV screen there so just
in case we want to watch TV like Apple
TV or something we can still see it from
bed and then the computer and the Xbox
will go there I think it's time for me
to build that bigger desk I've been
wanting like a super big desk and that's
heavy
holy cow would you put in our account
look at your plate that looks colorful
and delicious yeah you didn't make mine
for me I know you're lucky I'm down here
right now I was gonna keep going I made
mine just like yours looks fantastic oh
baby lies a guy corn shucks corn husks
mm-hmm baby mom mom these little race
things she can eat they're good hmm
she's over at Nana's over at Nana's he's
not with us for dinner I feel a little
sad
he had burritos over there oh think so
cool this is two wheel balancing Dino I
think it's called what does it call
boomer yep check him out need to find
that'll take forever you lost it I don't
think anybody got time today we should
just make it go it's cool it does it
without the remote - yeah just hit the
button stay back let him balance watch
him get up by itself now he just rolls
around and does whatever you wanted on
YouTube what is that Liza
all right you guys have fun when I got
set up my station up here I don't quite
have everything all set up yet I want to
fire all the monitors up before I show
you it's just a little more impressive
but I think we're there check out this
pretty sweet new setup so many screens
so we got the windows computer needs to
run the al gato and the open broadcast
software the TV will be what I use to
actually see the game to play on and
hopefully eventually this Mac will be
able to do the streaming the webcams up
there microphones there and obviously we
have an update what uh yeah I'm pretty
excited obviously very serious about
doing some livestream gameplay stuff not
only with me but with the boys and you
know whoever just so happens to be over
at the time we play I had a lot of fun
doing it with James and we definitely
got through a lot of testing and some
more testing needs to be done but it's
uh it's almost there I want to try and
do an actual like I want to invite some
of you guys to play a game will
livestream it and then it'll be uploaded
on the channel hopefully by Sunday so I
have to do a couple more test streams
before then believe it or not this took
a while to get done I had to switch
pretty much everything all the way
around here it is as wide as I can get
it
Xbox down there laptop TV screen one
screen - that's one set up wires and
wires and wires and wires I'll check
this out I still have room to edit with
my laptop up here I just put it on the
keyboard for I'll slide it up here when
I need to use it
bada-boom bada-bing now I need to do
some I'm actually working with a buddy
tonight on my website so I kind of can't
do anything with this I have to do some
other work
look at you guys snug as a bug in a rug
as long as I'm looking at rug hey what
are you freshly showered yeah did you
use soap or or Vaseline just kidding all
right tell the glad here's goodnight
tell goodnight hey where are you
stumbling with your words your tongue a
nap and a good morning just check this
up we're going back back to last week or
two weeks ago some biscuits and gravy I
don't have it all set up yeah but maybe
licensed up from her nap hey sweetheart
whoa would you do you what you doin did
you have a good nap yeah she's always so
happy when she wakes up so Veronica had
to leave early to go to the doctors her
pony had an awesome
her procedure is next week it's coming
in fast so she had to go and get blood
drawn I guess it's a typical pre from a
surgical procedure and check my blood
cell count you're not pregnant right
well we did just go on vacation nothing
means nothing my eggs and biscuits and
gravy and if if you watch the biscuits
and gravy video we put up I don't think
that it was clear enough in that video
exactly why we did that but basically I
offered to make James biscuits and gravy
for breakfast because when I told him
that he was like wait you don't have
biscuits and gravy because in the
British
arena biscuits cookies and gravy goes on
like me or what James would call Sunday
roast so I made him biscuits and gravy
he was like you gotta try what we would
consider what you call biscuits and
gravy cookies and greeny so that's why
you're did that supposed to be funny and
I think a lot of you caught that but
there's always there's always those few
after we eat breakfast oh gosh so so
good I'll take you upstairs and we will
introduce you I'll give you the link to
the legends of awesome YouTube page so
you can go subscribe and smash it up and
then shortly after the trailer goes live
and then shortly after that first
episode the channel art isn't exactly
where I wanted to be yet I have to
change a couple things like for instance
this avatar
I just did a test to see if it would
take the transparency but clearly it
doesn't so when you get to the legends
of awesome page this is the art you
should see there's a different little
tile that I kind of made quickly that
looks like this that could show up by
the time you get there if your og
gladiator I want you to go right up here
and subscribe to the legends of awesome
this is the link to the legends of
awesome if you can't get that down below
in the description there is a link on
the very first line for legends of
Awesome go smash that subscribe button
give me at least a 500 subscribers so
that I can make the custom URL to say
youtube.com forward slash legends of
awesome I can't do that until I get 500
subs for some reason Eddie and I are are
gonna be on skype here in a few minutes
to take care of that and I couldn't be
more excited I can't wait if there are
any music producers out there that want
to help collaborate and put some of your
tracks into the videos that we post on
Legends of Awesome definitely hit me up
my emails down below click the about
button and I think that's all I got for
you today a lot more computer work a lot
more development we did get the gaming
station all set up which is pretty rad
testing on that maybe later this evening
and then hopefully we go live with you
guys on Sunday so that's gonna be cool
alright guys so that's where I leave you
for today don't forget to go hit that
subscribe button on legends awesome so
we can move forward with that channel
and as always thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see you right
back here tomorrow
