as you know my English friends James and
Holly are in America touring the East
Coast and they've come to stay with us
for a week we thought we'd offer them
one of my favorite breakfast meals
biscuits and gravy
but when I told James what biscuits and
gravy was he thought the English version
would be quite a bit more disgusting so
James has made for us his rendition of
biscuits and gravy let's have a look at
how this was prepared being an English
person biscuits and gravy they don't go
together this is what we class is a
biscuit is a lovely digestive we dip it
in a cup of tea gravy we pour on a nice
Sunday roast they do not go well
together
trust me I've tried it and now I'm gonna
make Gilroy and Veronica try the English
version for biscuits and gravy so this
is how we prepare it
as you can tell a lot of love hard work
went into making this monstrosity but
not to be rude we're gonna give this a
fair shot okay shall we together ready
English
biscuits and gravy every one teeny tiny
piece great well I'm gonna go for gold
with this big giant bite right here I
need a little more on okay ready don't
smell it
here's to trying multicultural things
I don't even know I'm not gonna pick
well that's awful that's not good not
good okay no so there you have it folks
um my interpretation of the English
version of biscuits and gravy negative
10 out of 10
although the gravy is good and the
biscuits are good put together together
not good at all thank you James and
Holly for making us this delicious meal
we look forward to other instances of
English culture is bad it's rubbish so
we're we mean to you or something this
is the English version of biscuits and
gravy I hope every I hope everything
isn't this bad translated between
American and English no breakfast no
that's probably the most disgusting
thing I put in my mouth in months sorry
I do apologize I don't mean to be the
hobo finished as well as it's the polite
way of you know I think you should try
I'm so full oh yeah I suddenly
remembered I have a doctor's appointment
in 30 seconds clearly this is not
something that you make for breakfast
but a funny way of showing you that the
differences between American biscuits
and gravy and English biscuits gravy is
a very different James thank you for
opening my eyes but we'll stick to
American biscuits and gravy I think I
will as well that's all for this video
thank you for watching leave a like and
go subscribe to James because him and
Holly we love them we do thank you very
much we love you too links in the
description below that's all for us guys
we'll see you next time
