it's extremely warm today so glad I have
a tank top what's up good morning we're
gonna go in town pick up a buddy of mine
special guest for the day maybe two can
you guess who it is yet
keep trying so we're about to drive out
the beach and I figured let's make this
let's make this cool Beach driving
sequence with the old gopro gimbal
we have to stop Veronica found a flipper
long story short - two vacations ago my
dad went all out got like flippers
goggles snorkel
like wetsuit and he goes out in the
ocean first time they hit the water one
of the flippers fell off and it was gone
so Veronica just found one laying in the
surf so she she's going to take it back
to my dad and be like Kieran we found
one your flipper what it's got to be his
from two vacations ago let's find the
other one
I hope that turned out okay I didn't
I've never really used the gimbal in a
car before especially on a road like
this on the beach with a woman like that
driving super bumpy
it's definitely time to get some food
what do you say Pizza yeah we're gonna
hit up this little spot right here
called cosmos pizza you go to a full bar
everywhere around here has alcohol so
it's like when you come to vacation they
want to make sure you have alcohol
available no matter where you are where
you think Allah
smells weird this is freshly made
hand-tossed pizza dough oh yeah
Oh
all right cosmos ICU it's good pizza if
you're in this area and you're looking
for pizza cosmos is great
no I wasn't bad we're going to go now -
yeah go left - a shopping center called
Timbuktu
pretty cool spot lots of stuff to see
trying to kill some time until my buddy
gets here
let it take us
but
you get you have to admit there's
definitely a vibe being by the ocean
between everyone everyone has a
different attitude between like inner
city and ocean grown
these people come to work wearing
flip-flops
thank where children are I think is
circled Jill like one building and then
a Center buildings here and then that
over there they're all full of cool
little shops
it's actually like a Kitty Hawk kites I
remember come here
Kitty Hawk eyes cool spot the woman that
worked there I asked her if I could get
online and make my blog public and she
totally left me I thought others
I'll never forget that
I'm wearing the harness today taking my
baby for a ride
you're gonna hop in hop in common hop in
buddy come on hop in
No
meilleurs old I'm not getting in that
thing anymore
what you already have a kind why didn't
you bring it silly pants Oh forgot it
huh how can being it
how convenient that's like going out to
a restaurant II oh forgot my forgot my
wallet everyone check out Carson's new
look yeah the Hydra can you even see
it's the hijack
yeah it is hey Colin wants to get a kite
we're contemplating on what time we
should get him they have nice kites at
home good ones we bought here if they
forgot them so pretty interesting name
for a nut company yeah baby lies is not
very happy she's ready for some food the
boys are taking off with my parents back
to the beach hey don't drive crazy
Bonica what you remember we had some
people coming right yeah I told you guys
we had some people coming right did you
guess who it is yet he's right here ha
ha ha it's the elusive ha ha James old
chap yeah that's right James message me
he says hey we're in Myrtle Beach and I
was like yo that's only a few hours
south of here come on up seriously did
heck yeah this is lovely James and Holly
it is you know we missed these guys and
they were just in the same thing feel
like we haven't seen each other forever
but it's only been a week yeah this is
like so excited you guys got to move
here man find out what real we're it
again we gonna be like we're gonna be
like this all right James old chap we
got coffee let's ditch that car so we
can get you to the beach yeah this is
exciting
I'm ready let's go all right James
Holloway are you guys ready for your
first Beach off-road experience I'm and
I ready or just say on the way that I
want to drive Yeah right
you want to drive what when we get to
the beach you can drive some yeah yeah I
can't do it all again that stuff you
can't get this cheap stuff yeah we try
to do it it's not possible but highly
improper yeah yeah roll down my window
get the feel for it it to get the sea
breeze in your face
oh it gets a little it gets a little
bumpy to be honest
I love it so how far do we drive
off-road by this neck nine and a half
miles nine and a half mile yeah pure
sand Oprah
would you believe the moment we hit the
beach and the starts raining let's go to
England by the lights yeah person was
excited to know that they're coming back
why we need a plane ways in there dad
see we've found your flip-flop your
flopper that's it you're flipping
flipper
how'd it go oh my gosh all right guys
you ready for the beach
I am ready we never do this enough of
this constant filming and vlog style
stuff let's just go have fun we're still
gonna vlog yeah oh nice yeah we did get
call in one of these little one string
kites call it come here looking good
dude
think he got a little jealous he wanted
to have a cool kite of his own huh yeah
he said it matches his shirt pull out
the stunt kite since the winds are quite
strong today they're a lot stronger than
they have been since we got here James
I'm gonna let you fly it every I do what
did you take me up in the end I don't
know if it will we can give it again
yeah we sure you're running jump see if
it takes
these guys had too much fun huh yeah
babies huh like duh
it needs a bath you have fun in the
beach baby yeah she's like I'll see you
up there love you right so we did some
stunt kite flying went pretty well yeah
went okay considering Holly beached it
into the ocean into the ocean she went
that's alright though so now we're gonna
do some some boogie boarding trying to
make the most out of the rest of this
sunshine
you
well you have fun out there I haven't
been boogie boardin since I was like 12
years old and I had so much fun yeah
it's awesome Alyssa I probably look like
I was like the whole times I didn't want
to get water in my eyes
we've got contact lenses in the pop-out
since my last hair monster so as far as
I squeeze squeezing my face up so much
good good
was a lot of fun we're gonna go back to
the house now get some dinner and then
let's see if we can't film that yeah
yeah we're gonna do the house tour in
the MTV Cribs style be fun and that goes
right in this blog eyes chase Kilroy
I don't wanted to show you guys around
my beach house check it out I suppose
I spread this is the part where we speed
things up right let's start let's start
in this room this is the full room rec
room do all our cool games drink a
little drink you know check this out
this is my theater room this is where we
watch all those movies yeah we must try
to make our here well let me show you
this this is Dallas room this is where
all the magic happens
I don't need to say anything else that's
not all there is see this is the bunk
bed room where all the boys sleep the
bed's a little Haggard but see what I
mean
let's move on this room we're never
going ever ever going down this room
that's my room this is not where the
magic happens
not at all they're kids
another bunk bed room where we keep all
our kids you know we got lots and lots
of kids we got kids come on there's more
to see let's go this room miss my
parents room
better not be no magic in here tell you
up check out the bathroom wash little
bathroom little guy looking special even
though this room is cool and all it's
not the best part
check this out every good beach house
has to have a pool
we're all the kids to most their time
what up kid
what up we got the hot tub over there
look at that looking good
Colin don't stay in there too long turn
into mr. raisin hey Rachel
that's Rachel she's pretty awesome this
is art this is our kitchen
hey what's up everybody you just so
happen to show up right at any time we
got burnt for sorry
oh wait hey you can have some fluffy Joe
laughing yo I'm just doing dishes right
now you can have some sloppy joes look
look this is what we made for did sloppy
joe
we like am extra shinnok dining room
table
no one's sister
just like that room that you have in
front of the house no one ever goes it
check out the upper deck I know you guys
want to see the cars 2012 jeep liberty
that thing's awesome I Drive that a lot
alright y'all so you saw my paints of
cars the theater room everything that's
time for you to go go
you know wait wait wait wait wait wait
come back come back come back America I
was just playing you guys are staying
well say we eat yeah I'm getting hungry
okay let's see we've owned it yeah yeah
we're gone we're going to my god Oh
Veronica Bert James's pizza I'm so
hungry
I'm so sorry less than what I said still
I've had a bit of hanging out we have
games who's fun just to chew yeah it was
it was nice
we didn't want chill but yeah did you
enjoy your pizza my Pisa was a little
bit crispy boy yeah oh yeah I'm three I
thoroughly enjoyed it so now we have to
drive them back down the beach to where
they're staying sorry you want to drive
to drive when it's live yeah it was way
different growing let's go did you just
ask what we should do tomorrow yeah I
think we should jet ski jet ski if they
have those you know the things like
where you strap your feet in and they
have the Jets dish shoot out the bottom
yeah then we should do that I mean they
dumped epic adventure yeah
it's so warm and toasty that i'll crib
this is our crib going to your cribs
with us
shall we I can't I can't just leave my
Jeep here my parking lot this is what my
cars look I'm still super surprised how
buttery crisp this is it is you could
pass up
let me see so you will see you tomorrow
can I sleep tight don't let the bedbugs
bite no nope
yes we'll do it tomorrow so we're at
12.5 12.5 miles so you need to reset it
and around 11 or 12 miles we got it go
back so we can find the house hmm that's
the only way to figure out where we're
supposed to turn in every night because
there's no street signs there's no
there's only mile markers and if you use
mine if we use the odometer it's just
easier to keep track of where we are
that's the next level wayfinding right
there
Carson's asleep everyone no house asleep
I think I should take a shower now
hmm
you
hey guys so that's where we leave you
for today as always thank you so much
for watching and coming with us on
vacation sorry the vlogs are a little I
don't know they're good they're good I'd
say just a little different being at the
beach
Veronica's kind of forbidding me from
doing any serious filming just because
she wants me to enjoy vacation we've got
a long road ahead of us when we go back
home and it is uh it is nice to just
kind of sit back and relax and enjoy
this time so as always thank you so much
for watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
