we're on tight Liza I'm turning off the
traction control we're in our own
driveway so we can do this ready we're
gonna slide we're gonna slide back in
the day I had a like a hunt I had a
Honda Civic 2200 Civic not not too far
back but in that Honda Civic we had what
we call the chicken stick right chicken
stick allows you to really just cut
loose man I used to I used to go to like
open parking lots in the wintertime like
this you just start going straight give
a little gas pull the chicken stick and
cut the wheel don't recommend doing that
unless you're a very experienced driver
and if you do do that just don't it's
not safe it's good to practice that kind
of stuff because if you cut looser if
you're if your back end starts sliding
away from you you'll know how to correct
it like I feel like it's important to
kind of mess around sometimes in a
controlled situation so that if you're
on the road and something does happen
you you know how how your car is gonna
react that's my piece but don't do it
karsey what's that bad you regular
dinner yeah what are we gonna drive the
Jeep or the car you pick what should we
drive car Jeep Jeep car
just say if you hold it let her go my
mother said that you are the very best
one okay what do you think it is boys
del Sol color change care aloha what is
it honey we got a package are you
serious coming up we're in the middle of
well we're still trying to potty train
Liza and she's been doing it really good
actually the babysitter said she only
had one accident today
yeah and when we put her in the car we
have to like we got to put a diaper on
her because you don't want that kind of
mess in the car seat no but she's been
doing really good wearing panties yeah
well we don't need sheets like king-size
sheets and stuff and it comes up
king-sized pillowcases but we have
king-size pillows too so we needed
standard size pillow cases oh I love
your hat buddy
look at that it's fuzzy and warm I gotta
say man this winter so far has been
pretty brutal we don't usually get
temperatures or a lot of snow like we've
gotten until February like mid January
February this has been pretty crazy
cannot wait to go snowboarding and we
have a we have a really amazing
snowboarding trip planned for when is it
when are we going February pretty much
the time we always go like our
Valentine's trip
because it snows in February look who
showed up early and got acetate has it
ready mm-hmm that's there right there
oh that's where our stakes come from
seola
yeah they're seasoning - that's all
right
all these roles are legendary with that
cinnamon butter oh this is mommy's
favorite place to eat like she makes us
come here and it's so good because like
every time you come here you can't find
a parking spot literally under a ribeye
the baked potato and the rack of ribs
with corn and fries
I don't know why why why didn't she give
me the option to order what you ordered
which was steak and red and to say
I thought I thought that's what I would
get but I got literally two entrees oh
I'm so full you get enough to eat
you see breath you should totally zip up
your coat man Grammy she doesn't want me
sometimes either thanks for dinner
you're welcome you're welcome good
freezing okay as I said in the earlier
part of this video it is brutally cold
here unlike other parts of the world
read it where it is surely brutally cold
like we don't see these temperatures
very often and likewise we've seen I'm
more this year than usual a lot of these
videos popping up showing you where
people will blow a bubble just a regular
like like a regular bubble onto a
surface outside in the very very cold
temperatures you can watch that bubble
like form crystals and fully just freeze
in front of your eyes that's what I
intend to show you guys today we're
gonna try I set up a little stage right
and I've got these really bright LED
panels that we're gonna put onto this
stool but there's something else that I
need to put on this stool to make it
look cool I'm gonna use my nice camera
so my my gh4 DSLR is gonna be shooting
in 4k to get a really cool shot
and I also noticed we have this we have
this cooler that's outside my house I
realized the other day that like it was
too heavy to move and that's because it
is literally full to the top with ice
like solid so I want to try and extract
this ice block so we can put on top of
that stool and make it look really
really cool not exactly sure how I'm
gonna get
Oh
oh good
yeah a couple of drops uh
broken wheel and a broken handle later
we got a nice ice chunk okay this will
be our stage this is gonna look really
cool
on there don't believe you have to do
this on a piece of ice for it to work I
tried it on a metal surface a while ago
and it worked so I think the ice will
just make it look cool and maybe it'll
help it freeze a lot faster and cause a
more intense crystallization but uh you
guys are really cool to see I can't wait
to show you the kids are on their way
out because they want to see this - that
looks cool wow that looks really cool
big old illuminated block of ice you
gotta say for someone who's not entirely
thrilled about winter and all the cold
and stuff it's things like this that
make it like really cool what do you
think that's cool huh you know the
screen on my camera is literally almost
frozen everything's ghosting it is so
cold out here but this is gonna look
really cool I mean this shot is pretty
cool-looking the liquid I'm using is
part water I didn't get exact mixes on
the solution I'm using so but it's
basically part water part pure glycerin
for thickness a little bit of sugar for
crystallization and on dish though look
it's still partly frozen you see all the
stuff in there that's so crazy I can
still blow bubbles up I can still get a
bubble well we're just gonna put the
bubble on to the ice with this straw and
then watch and see what happens
watch
dude it's already turning that is
amazing
it's fully frozen take your finger and
touch it how cool is that
and it just blows right away all right
let's do another battery's almost dead
my bubble solution is like
fall on the Buckeyes it'll fall over
oh my gosh the battery on the camera is
you can do this too all you need is that
solution that I mentioned and it has to
be like it is Sub Zero current
temperature is negative three degrees
Fahrenheit you know you're you're right
you need something to put it on but you
don't need to have ice you can do it on
a metal surface I think you can do it on
snow even this is something I want you
guys to try out you have to see it in
person this is so so cool I need to go
back inside because I'm literally froze
all right block of ice you did your job
all right guys good hangs cool
experiment and well overall great day
did you like seeing a frozen bubble like
something else' would do he was going
somewhere with that it's funny to do
this kind of experiments with the kids
because that helps you realize like
Earth has tons of amazing wonders for
you to discover secrets secrets lots of
secrets as always we appreciate you guys
showing up and smacking that like button
and subscribing if you aren't because we
do a lot of fun things here and we just
want to show you guys the love that my
friends is where we're gonna leave you
for today I want to say thank you so
much for watching and can't wait to see
you right back here next time
