so good what's up welcome to the vlog
hope you guys are having a fantastic day
it's beautiful outside and I actually
came out to the Jeep to start it up
because we're going to run in town and
get something one of which is a
replacement a half or the one I lost on
our trip but I came out to start up the
car and well I saw this exploded soda
and pulled of coke all over you guys
this can was full and exploded in here
because it's so hot it is a huge mess
everything is like sticky and gross what
are we going to do we might need to go
take the Jeep for a wash it's all over
here the window the mirror my sunglasses
the radio if you have cans of soda in
your car you want to make sure that when
it reaches 90 degrees you don't have
that in there any muck so 20 Lysol wipes
an old towel later come on my arm your
arm business honey turn into a real man
oh my gosh look Liza look at the same
hat daddy had before I lost it in the
car I sure did
and now I got to find a new one oh boy
it is the texting one should I get the
same exact one okay
I'm you know what's my favorite hat what
do you think you like it
good tagging the anti-theft device yeah
we'll we'll go with the same hat I don't
have any other toys acting and then
let's try and find Veronica a twister
okay here's the problem
so like all they have all they have are
these like one pieces and Veronica
specifically said I don't want to one
piece she wants a tankini boy short so
that's not going to work we're going to
figure this more I think we've done it
I really think we've done it we got
mommy and Brandon soon you're gonna have
to wait the tea if she likes it or not
I'm not wanting to sing sure but a big
shout out Jessica projects pretty
prevalent and yeah okay he their houses
90 ah don't let me pull you into
thinking I'm complaining because I'm not
I loved it I love the heat it's just
necessary like when it is this hot you
got it swim in that pool or you gotta
have air conditioning or else then it
can be miserable but uh but yeah we're
going to go over here
have fun it is late and the day already
but I didn't take care of some editing
and some other things and this one we've
got a few days I think at least up until
Thursday off so it's going to be going
to be full-on vlog time to try and catch
up with you guys and have some fun you
know show you what we're up to a kid
like yeah let's stop and get some
hamburgers
we're c'mere c'mere c'mere c'mere I got
you something hmm I want you to take a
look at this and make sure that it's I'm
scared
even though when you picked out for me
to swim in I mean so work that's okay
this is hey that's a wearable yeah
alright yeah I said it did good right
this isn't bad okay okay in my defense
the bottoms are youth largest 13 all
right no they didn't have adult smalls
was the issue so make sure your hoo-ha
don't hang out
I mean oh I don't care what you say that
looks great man
it looks awesome I love it the nice
thing sir promised my kids oh you
totally are you totally are
you see our pools nice but this one's a
lot deeper and we got all the kids going
up Dale he's here
Caine wait where's Noah oh and here all
the kids my buddy
Oh is he okay I just got greatest
potting soil and most Romans up there
power washing
so hard lovers face to me yeah the this
part yeah faces towards the front of the
chair
yeah got it nailed it you got it full on
outdoor furniture assembly day aroma oh
my goodness I'm gonna bring this place
back in life they reminds me of
Christmas dear
waters missile is almost like the best
time of the year but it's almost the
most assembly of the whole year almost
not yeah I don't I don't know how it
turned out for us to get so sidetracked
oh I know it was we were building patio
furniture for hours let's not take so
long why does it have to be so tedious
how do you president chunk know you
can't write in there lie they I'm still
wearing my swimming trunks you want to
okay that's a sign man of a summer well
spanking old fan yeah dirty feet Sun tan
lines an exhausted tired kid I think
that's awesome that's what I remember
about my summers was just having as much
fun every day as you could and by the
end of the day you're just so tired
you'd pass out wherever you had to yeah
it's bedtime
let's go night
hey I love you blood eaters right does
my lady you know what it's the perfect
time for us to do one of those
old-school things I used to do you know
Sam you don't know what I'm saying oh
but the same word what the T word oh
yeah the T word transition that's it ah
okay everybody's up we got Liza going to
babysitter
we got Colin on Carson going to their
cousins house for the day I got to get
some things done and the you know in my
personal world so I'm gonna go to have
that babysitter out all right look over
there Carson look at this
man this would be a perfect spot to set
up time lapse all these wide open fields
I don't think the camera shows you very
good bye it's gonna rain later yeah it's
gonna rain for sure totes totes for sure
yeah
dude show me where that bushes that you
got into this is the one I don't know
exactly which one guys but take note of
the look of these leads one of which I
think it's this it could be wrong but it
looks nice and oily I hate what in iron
man it's the worst thing ever
boys I hope you have the best time ever
I love you I'll see you when you get
home okay I came thank you for choosing
McDonald's over how they help you hey
Mel I'm just going to go ahead and grab
that sausage egg and cheese McGriddle
please just the sausage egg and cheese
for brittle yep that's going to do it
I got lots to do not to not any time to
cook that drop you McCrystal one lemon
Chandler dream and dad okay you trained
them there okay yes thank you
changing is great done
lemon Cham which sings damn jello damn
Caleb damnit Caleb hey PC can my channel
yep I have a gene thank you again
alright friends so that's pretty much
all I've got for you today I'm going to
get some work done got to put the camera
down and edit this blog so you guys can
watch some more stuff I'm trying to post
as often as I can in the off time while
we're working on this big project and I
was just explaining to my buddy Norman
like it's so painfully difficult for me
because like I want to film and I want
to bring you guys into what I'm doing
but I just can't and it's it's so much
easier for me to just focus on the
project and do what I got to do instead
of like skating around what I can show
and what I can't show so please bear
with me I know that when you guys see
what we've been working on if you're
going to be just blown away it's amazing
it's really really cool stuff just keep
your eyes on my Twitter guys if you
don't follow me link down below the
twitch link is also down below if you
made it to the end of the video thumbs
it up share the gilroy love and that my
friends is where we're going to leave
before today so I thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see you next
time
