what's up guys welcome to our day we're
about to introduce baby Eliza to the
ocean for the first time does it baby
ready ready early riser come on this is
exciting
we didn't even take her in yesterday
right that's right she was sleepy
whoa
get it like it's her first beach
experience mom
keep it
go Carson oh my gosh that one knocked
you over dude
stupid wave
what is this let's
so this will be our day again at the
beach
chillin enjoying this beautiful
environment and just hanging out with
each other as a family
you
look baby lies has been tired out
already
little baby Veronica had some fun in the
surf did you enjoy your boogie boardin
yeah seeing you out there dad he's a
champion
my dad loves the boogie board we need to
get you on a paddle board Dallas wants
to do a backflip off to the back of the
truck let's see it
haha didn't work out oh it's cuz I'm
scared
trampoline you've got something break
your fall yeah it's true
you totally fitted face we're all in a
mad dash to get out of here it's about
the storm some rain we can see going
down the beach but fun yeah
Jeff fun yeah yeah she's like the boogie
board champion yeah we're gonna make her
a mermaid we're gonna do like you know
the sand sculptures and stuff if it
doesn't rain huh huh your volume button
your volume button yeah your up volume
button take a picture try that if you
have like a lifeproof case on you want
to take an underwater picture sometimes
your touchscreen button won't work so
use the up volume button yeah so easy
we're getting in on some cornhole action
in Dallas first you got a little bit of
whiskey what's it what's they retake it
soon
commemorate our vacation
whoa oh my god
vacation all your gladiators out there
these are the best
on dad made dinner tonight guess what
they chose yes just take a guess what
they choose it's tacos Taco Tuesday
that's Veronica's favorite day Taco
Tuesday from the lego movie so I guess
it's taco night let's get this down I
think Dallas has sat in a case for
tonight apparently my program during a
little bit dinner was great fantastic
Eliza's getting hers whoo that son is
slow right I'm sorry baby girl I said
sorry you're doing good mommy yeah I
like it I like it I ever laid eyes
it's beautiful isn't it I could wake up
to this every single day he'll what
happened there's big giant jump why is
it morning already well turns out after
a certain level of intoxicant Aqsa D and
toxification that people become
different and last night there were some
things that happened that was
unblockable
and it's unfortunate does it turn an
otherwise perfect day into a really
weird day no worries on our end me
Veronica and the kids are just fantastic
you're probably like Gil where's that
house tour well it's coming I decided to
call in a little bit of a backup to help
me shoot this thing properly we're gonna
go pick him up here in a little bit well
for a couple hours who could it be
I'm going to pick up Veronica's inside
making breakfast what do we have a look
morning morning what you're making thank
you sausage mmm
next hmm hmm nothing says good morning
like a big fat pile of bacon and coffee
late last night I did take my camera out
and did a long exposure shot because
over over the dunes here and up into the
sky it was pitch black perfectly clear
nothing but stars and lots of them so I
got a very very cool nighttime shot one
of the best that I've ever done of a
starry night you'll see that up on my
Instagram go check that out I thought I
came out really good so I'm going to
re-up on my cup of coffee and eat some
breakfast and get the editing done so
that we can head into town and progress
through our week try and guess who it is
I'm going to pick up you're never going
to believe it it was definitely cool
he's coming so that's all we've got for
you guys today as always thank you so
much for watching sorry for the
shortness sorry for the gap we'll see
all of you right back here
