welcome to a special video something we
don't succeed on this channel or join
here with my special guest James barber
from barge to 360 and we can't forget
about Holly James
you've brought some very special treats
for us I do indeed travel all the way
from England in an aeroplane and at a
very hot hair we have some noted who
have some melted chocolate no yeah oh
yeah I even bought it in a Tesco's carry
bag is it anything at Tescos of it we do
not have justice no yes no so what
so we're in for a multicultural tastier
experience with some of England's finest
Suites what's up first let's get to I
think we should go for a jaunt sweet or
chocolate
let's do sweet you want sweet candy
first we're gonna strain with the wine
guy multiple flavors okay oh oh they're
chewy gummy keep your flavor we'll call
you
and kind of like a strawberry here we go
try the red these are originally very
chewy that cure for how much I need one
what is it great it's like a you you
have like grams here yeah you have great
flavor we have like blackcurrant
flavored Parsons or Dijon Gator Smarties
help yourself you didn't have a handful
what's inside them would you think that
our Ponty you gue forget a nut and like
a bit nothing
I bet not it's like a bit nut I think we
go for another chop I think we should be
allies it definitely Maltesers this
might be just one big party my
prediction on this one is that they're
gonna be just at the walkers this goes
yeah get a Chanel offers good chocolate
definitely is a little bit those are
good
walking into here I like those
do they have the random chewy ones as
well if there's like any bit funny yeah
took from a dried fruit pastilles
Pascal's fruit pastilles not pastilles
not pastels so good so good fruit pass
it's good I like them the taste of this
in to the smell you smell when you open
a brand-new pool raft the red one oh boy
draft I swear
what's a pool round draft like float on
it
 Lola pool Lila I don't like
castle get some out of here I tried them
I gave it to not crazy about all right
let's do milky butter seems you said
were your favorite when I was a kid
growing up Milky buttons they were the
one legit are they just white chocolate
yeah oh that's great I wanna eat the
whole thing
I know a love it tastes like milk yeah
milk does it go
no charlie love white chocolate this is
the one I have to apologize about
because it is melted and it's not bubbly
anymore but these are gonna be really
like fluffy
full of air really melt like kind of
like yeah I'll see you know look at the
inside oh yeah comparable to the Junior
Mints Zooniverse
win yeah it totally reminds me of mint
chocolate chip ice cream
hmm yeah forward look lovely
Yorkie but it's big chunky chocolate is
man fuel but man stuff but again is
melted perfect it's just one candy bar
so you might have to just take it
shouldn't look like this you can see it
or you can just tear apart here wait
this was branded for men yeah it's
nothing not for women don't lift you
might break it now no it used to say
that as many seaweed mouths like if
chunky thick chocolate yeah it's got a
ball chocolate flavor yeah let's try a
cranky Croce crunchy
I feel like I just would spelunking in a
cavern of Crispian
Splunk it's plunges in a cavern of 50
nation chocolate it's the kids have gone
stop that just go all the time
you just have to let it wear off what
have we done what happens boy go outside
go outside y'all lost it I want to see
you guys outside running laps every two
minutes around that window there Ron
pause the windows good the Moose bar is
like an energy bar
spaces right there this reminds me of a
hundred grand
not even close oh god that was delicious
you know I won I do like a nice bar that
I think what I like most about it is the
difference in texture some really like
layers of textured caramel look front
cheap are let's super delicious soft are
inside and about the truffle deep in the
middle we go on galaxies we're nearing
the good stuff you look like little
pillows of goodness
just stuff on the table it does taste
better
comparative Hershey's doesn't sense
better this is better yes that's what I
tasted her shoes I was like it's almost
like there's a chemical difference yeah
this is like a very milky smooth very
good okay let's go to the PSL resistance
the tarry little tiny ball this little
chocolate orange it's been it's been
literally staring at me since he arrived
I'll let you do the honors hmm so these
are normally quite popular around
Christmas time back in England right
Christmasy chocolate even they get them
all year round but my friend is a
chocolate orange dude it smells like
smells like a tangerine yeah you can
hold it and crap it on your head that's
what they normally do that's normally
how you yeah yeah
didn't work I've been waiting for this
one this is like heavily anticipated
chocolate my mouth except my mask really
numb from the amount of chocolate that
I'm just like yes is that good well then
tomorrow I'm over here double high-five
for cup of you saw here go James I have
to say that the chocolate and sweets I
brought water from England all very good
with the exception of one that I didn't
like the pastels pastels but all very
good chocolate and England has
definitely a distinctly different
flavour and texture
Hany never does solely for an experiment
I'll look forward to get some super
sweet candy when I come to England yes
yeah so I can comment to come to England
a March let's go to Rome come on what
kind of anomaly you're gonna wrap it all
in one trip yeah stay for like a month
yes so there you have it we've given our
our English counterparts a fair go and I
have to say that these sweets and
chocolates
very very good I definitely recommend
the Terry's chocolate orange and the
galaxy smooth milk chocolate but if you
liked this video give us a big fat
thumbs up special thanks to my very good
friend James Barbour and Holly that's
all we got free on this one I'm gonna go
throw up now
we'll see you guys next time bye
you
