what's up guys happy day check this out
my friends from Garmin found out I was
going on vacation and hooked it up with
the Garmin navigation so we don't get
lost I'm actually getting ready to leave
the house because I have to go find a
the cargo thing for the roof of the Jeep
because Veronica wants to take the
Walker the chair like a it's like a high
chair table hanging device suitcase pack
and play my camera gear we just don't
have enough room so I have we have to
find this thing come with me
turn that cabbage off you better get
ready we're going for the beach tomorrow
I know get your bags packed we're gonna
have to leave early oh yeah remember I
told you that you better turn that thing
off right now yeah that's right I told
you last night you gotta clean your room
bud sorry sometimes sometimes I have to
be a parent great and get that done okay
I'm going on I'll be back I love you
totally didn't realize that this weekend
is Labor Day weekend
what a horrible weekend to be out on the
roads it's tons of traffic my office
I gotta figure out how we're gonna pack
all this stuff in here
and the rooftop cargo carriers like that
the Jeep doesn't have those rails that
go on there they're just stock so
they're like just literally plastic
bumpers and the only solution with the
given time frame is to get one of those
bags it's like a weatherproof bag and
the straps come inside they like go
underneath the handles or underneath the
door frames so I don't know about you
about that you may just have to pack
light depending on what I find I came in
Sears they're actually closing the auto
part closes early which is weird but
Sears doesn't have anything that I can
use he says I have to have the rails I
don't have the rails I have to go to the
dealership and see if the dealership you
put rails and informing
like right now
there's a bee up here holy crap I don't
think we're gonna find the rails I'm
gonna try and get a little creative so
I'm gonna use these ratchet straps I'm
gonna use this car top carrier and see
if we can't make this work you know what
I mean tell him that I was like what the
heck was he talking to
I always get that out in public when I'm
vlogging out public people constantly
are like confused at understand but it's
cool cuz that first I'm like no I do a
vlog channel for YouTube you know a
couple people usually tuna got my little
helper you're gonna help daddy and try
put this thing together I'm so proud of
her she just sits of course I'm gonna be
very careful can't just leave her right
here cuz she could fall out but she's a
good helper not like a good girl you
know I did realize something I don't
have any uh cover your ears I don't have
any fuzzies for the top of this so we
have to recycle some of my old ones and
this one's really weird there's two on
the top there's two microphones and
they're on either side of the flash so
if I cover the microphones the flash is
gonna be covered too I don't ever use it
really but I just hate covering things
up that shouldn't be covered up all
right let's pull this out Liza let's see
if we can't put this thing together on
this bag it's got these little loops
right so I put everything in here I have
four ratchet straps I take these ones
and go long ways like down it right down
the I guess the length of it so that
when I take these side ones down through
the door
I can make loops on these top ones that
the sideways ones can go through you'll
see what I mean when I set it up which
needs to be like soon because it's about
to it's about to rain Carson's watching
Carson's watching an old vlog was fluffy
was a little kitty kitty I love a kitty
kitty he's so big now huh Carson Carson
he's so big now and you don't know he's
that is he lost you better find him are
you getting pumped to go the beach dude
yeah yeah yeah we took Eliza to the
beach it was April I think this was when
she was 7 weeks old I just laid baby
Eliza's down to bed Veronica ran to the
store for some stuff and I was trying to
figure out exactly what of my gear I
should take with me cuz I always like to
film like you know like scenic videos I
love the beach and it and it makes a lot
of sense for me to capture video of a
place that I love being at so I'm trying
to decide and I've laid everything out
like what all do I take definitely gotta
take that the gimbal the GoPros the
garment is perfect for time lapses so
I've got to take that GoPro mount
headphones batteries batteries batteries
it's battery packs I'm thinking to take
the Nikon anyway just because I think
that the beach would be the perfect
place change scenery to do the
the aperture ISO and shutter speed
tutorial for the how to channel
I think the beach would be a really cool
place to do that so that's why I'm
taking that camera I think I just got to
take all that stuff all of it current
situation it's now 923 we still don't
have the suitcases packed so that we can
get the bag on the top of the Jeep done
Branka look at all this laundry she just
got done doing we got it we got a hustle
babe no no I'm gonna still film a little
bit tonight are getting ready and stuff
but I have to edit this video tonight
because tomorrow we'll be on the road
pretty much all day so there will be no
chance for me to upload it I'm gonna be
so dead tomorrow person you say good
night to the gladiators and we'll see
you at the beach right Colin that's
right remember good let me see sorry
gonna put on my screen
I don't think I'll ever fully get used
to how good this camera is in the dark
it's so good
I hope you guys are digging the new
quality it's worth it definitely worth
it but I'm out here trying to get my
cockpit ready
I've always want to say that get my
cockpit ready for the drive we got our
new Garmin navigation they're the new V
thank you so much Garmin for that we'll
do more of a I'm gonna show you guys how
that thing works it's like any other
navigation but that one's pretty cool I
got my GoPro up here so we can record
some drivin action and right now I'm
gonna fashion up so I got this adhesive
velcro right and I'm going to attach it
to this power inverter stick it here so
that while we're driving
once I need to plug in and stuff I hate
having it on the floor because it has a
fan in the back and it gets plugged up
real easy so I'm gonna stick it there
smart thinkin right you gonna miss us
dude hmm I'll miss you bud yeah yeah so
guys we've reached that time of the
night where I have to edit I'll still be
up for another couple hours getting that
done I'll show you how I rigged the bag
on the top of the Jeep in tomorrow's
video pretty genius I'm proud of myself
so this is where we leave you guys I
hope you are as excited as we are
we can't wait to go on vacation to the
beach spend some time
family and then some of you have
mentioned and missed that's all I got
for you today tune in tomorrow for the
beginning of an awesome epic family
vacation adventure we can't wait to see
all of you right back here
