oil filter oil what could I possibly be
doing oh yeah oil change what's up
everybody welcome to our day
does this look a little different why
don't I introduce you to our new camera
check it out this is the Sony rx100 Mark
3 it's awesome why did I only get the
mark 3 and not that mark 4 well yeah I
mean the mark 4 has 4k but I couldn't
imagine doing vlogs in 4k that would be
unbearable it would take forever
this one has a nice flip up screen go
ahead and put that down so I don't stare
at it what do you think how does it look
honey it looks big it does look a little
big yeah I'm pretty crazy about how long
it sticks out like the lens barrel
sticks out pretty long well one of the
main reasons I got this camera is
because James's camera the g7x super
good low-light like he was taking video
of the moon and my camera would never
even pick that up so I had to upgrade
and we're going on vacation so I thought
hmm we should probably get a better one
alright let's change the oh you know
changing your oil it's very very easy
you should be able to do this yourself
it's literally the oil filter and
loosening one bolt and pouring the oil
in so you should totally do
it's time for the oil filter these
things of pain to get to
and you get your new filter you're
supposed to put oil on the outside of
this gasket helps us seal I guess I
don't really know why I found it so much
easier to pour the oil if you turn the
gallon on inside
see
that's that feels good you know since
James showed up he introduced me to a
new artist that I've been actually
really diggin
it's Jeremy Lupe's happy music I don't
know I just I'm really diggin it
kind of like Jack Johnson but I like
before we leave for vacation it's that
time again
gonna mow the grass you know the only
thing is that I don't really have like a
I don't know I mean I can we di have a
weed eater but how do you weed eat
against that without puncturing the pool
I don't know what to do about that maybe
I can come out here for scissors but the
grass is mowed the Jeep oils changed
it's clean I gotta put allies this crib
back together now in her room so much to
do what are you doing hi cutie yeah
she's that good my dad you record the
beach again hmm did you really go to the
beach she's so sleepy
oh my gosh earlier today I was in the
shower
Veronica comes in I need help
I need help I'm like oh what's happening
I opened the shower curtain and
literally Veronica's holding baby Eliza
out straight out covered in poo both of
us both of whom was covered in poo yeah
this had a rose she made a mess
yes he did Cathy came to bring us we're
trying to find like a cargo thing for
the Jeep cuz we we're running out of
space we got too many kids and all those
kids have their own stuff so she brought
this like cargo thing that goes on the
roof however we have to strap it like
through the door what do you think of it
look look look look Cathy oh crap I can
see myself
whoa whoa here's your bed dude yeah this
is a big deal like any of the old blog
cameras couldn't see under there but I
think now we can totally I don't want to
tell the gladiators in 99 sleep tight
I've come inside to edit I got all my
yard work done everything done that I
can do outside is finished but I have to
sit down now
I'm getting my editor and make a new
video I have a lot of stuff to do and a
relatively no extremely short amount of
time to do it
you're leaving me I feel bad
good morning no transition today sorry
I'm kind of slacking I actually fell
asleep last night on the couch whilst
editing the candy video which I'm now
still editing so you're going to do what
I'm going to do the shopping for the
stuff we mean for Vicky
with baby Liza yeah are you still gonna
have warm tripoli by the time you come
on well anyway have fun I'll be right
there yeah love you be careful babe love
you so I figured out a way a pretty cool
technique actually that maybe I should
make a tutorial about so like with with
this candy video we had two different
cameras right and for like the gh4 it
splits these clips
it doesn't just record one long clip the
entire time you have it recorded it
splits them up into like five minute
sections I think and then it moves to
another clip but James's camera the sony
was all one continuous clip so I was
like how the heck am I gonna make a
multi-camera sequence and this is
probably boring people who don't edit
but multi-camera secret sequence out of
clips chopped up clips for one camera
and then one solid clip so I I don't
know I found a really cool technique
that's actually working pretty well for
me there's a couple different like
sequences up there it's just it's pretty
cool it's gonna turn out pretty cool
hopefully you guys can deal with allies
up being very loud and the kids being
very loud I know I went upstairs took a
shower came back down and finished
editing this and I got all the way to
the end card piece where I was gonna put
the annotation to click the Jameses
video and somehow I like messed up the
file I've saved in a different place and
so my entire timeline said missing media
and that angle that was missing was all
of the better audio so I had a little
bit of a freak out but
that video I think I'm gonna have to
schedule to go up tomorrow so that James
can put his up as well I know he's on
the road and it's probably gonna be
really difficult finding a good place to
upload so we'll we'll try and get that
up tomorrow if if not earlier so I'm
gonna end this vlog we're getting ready
to leave guys I'm making super super
pumped I can't wait to go to the beach
spend some time in the Sun with where
the waters warm
oh we're just gonna have such a good
time as always thank you so much for
watching we'll see you right back here
tomorrow
