what's up guys welcome to the Gilroy
House it's labor sad to know James and
olive left they're continuing their East
Coast tour of America so good luck to
you guys thank you for stopping by
there's a lot of fun but we now have to
get ready for even more adventures
because this week Collin telling that's
right
Friday we leave for the beach so we have
a lot to get done obviously I need to
start editing all the videos that we did
the extra videos I gotta do fell trees
and Jeep we got a we got a lot we still
have guests coming over tonight for
dinner her dad and Cathy's coming over
for homemade pizza before you know it oh
hey Grammy welcome thanks for coming for
dinner yeah Veronica's specialty
homemade pizza yeah we're gonna I want I
want pepperoni sausage banana that's
busy catching up with some emails and
tags or follows and everything forgot to
film Veronica making this spectacular
masterpiece Rita looks really good mmm
like perfect look how golden brown the
crust is look at that you think she used
to work in a pizza
oh no we up from their nap dude sorry
I'll take my arse out here daddy that's
funny they thought I farted nope just a
stink bomb I got him in there with a
stink bomb yeah yeah we did that yeah
yeah DICE's first time on the trampoline
she's just sittin they were bouncing
we didn't I just got an email that I've
been waiting for for quite a few weeks
so you know my buddy Edie Wright went to
LA partner for legends of Awesome I'm
pretty sure this download I'm currently
downloading is all of the rest of the
assets I need to come from an isle
trailer and episode 1 yeah I'm pretty
I'm pretty like Christmas giddy right
now like seriously Christmas giddy might
be a long night as one trans dad grow up
this air mattress you know hardest put
these things back in the bags they come
in
it's like precision it's like it's
almost like having to bore out the
cylinder of another block own in
humanness that precise right thanks for
letting us borrow James and Holly say
thank you as well I'm sure it was more
comfortable than the bed yeah yeah you
can't see it because of my crappy vlog
Cameron we're gonna take care of that
this week I'm gonna get a better one
are you really walking around flossing
no I I think it's just I usually would
floss and from the velar so I can see
yeah parsing out of paper come home from
school today the teacher usually writes
a little note about you know their day
you know how they work like Monday he
had a great start Monday great start
today a bit can you show you the paper
or I can't show you the favor because
got some sensitive information on buddy
what's today say a bit emotional today
hope he is okay
what were you emotional for Carson you
don't know one check his checks bad
we're sad and emotional so Chris James
and Holly left no you get a check for
half near the bathroom really bad would
you do college so we're getting the kids
ready for bed it's uh it's bedtime and
honestly I'm gonna be working on
finishing up a couple videos tonight so
no more doubts i vlog for you
I know editing isn't very interesting to
watch I know that for sure
so I don't know what to do other than
this ready busy busy day today guys we
have today and tomorrow to get ready for
everything we need to do to leave for
the beach so I need to go pay my
mortgage my rent pay all the other bills
get the Jeep washed oil change mow the
grass and it's some video schedule
videos for upload the list just keeps
going on and on and on line oh no I
think first things first we're gonna
take you guys to the car wash and I'm
not gonna do it the same as I usually do
we're gonna actually send it through
this time I'm gonna sending you through
with it we're gonna do it right here in
this place
go clean car wash they'll wash the
outside they'll clean the windows vacuum
the inside everything all right
I think it's so cool how they have like
this assembly line crew each person has
a small car but really it makes all
these cars come in
there's still a little bit of stuff in
here I can't complain I didn't have to
do any of it
but no one cleaned your car better than
you do you know what I mean some I have
to do a little touching out but tell you
so James and Holly been gone for a day
he reached his 10,000 subscribers which
is awesome and I gotta say man I missed
a guy we had a lot of fun we have a lot
in common and Veronica you know found a
friendship and Holly as well so make
sure you guys go follow him on his
journey we will start rolling out those
videos this week first one the candy one
and then we'll be putting up the iPhone
5 fix video very soon as well
look either today or tomorrow so make
sure you stay tuned for that came out to
Best Buy my goal for this this
particular vacation is to make some
supremely awesome videos and because of
that we're going to step up our vlog
camera game woo paid my mortgage I get
to keep my house paid my Jeep I get to
keep my Jeep this is good this is what I
had to do today I had to go out I had to
take care of all the bills and do all
the beginning of the month type of stuff
I'm gonna change my own oil yeah so
before I go home when I hit the Advanced
Auto Parts and I get the oil the oil
filter
I kind of like doing that you know I
want to change my own water
that reminds me of the car is moving you
know when they took the tractors over
and they go tipping cows
all right let's get our oil I'm so
behind schedule literally as you watch
this you just saw most of my day so I
don't know what kind of log we're gonna
have for tomorrow it's already three
o'clock and I haven't edited this video
which by the time you watch this it's
today ok back home I'm gonna go ahead
and eat and then go ahead and edit and
then we've got some oil changes to do
I'll introduce you to the new vlog
camera we'll put this guy back on the
shelf for like a backup or maybe we do a
giveaway for the old Gilroy bollocks
camera I don't know let me know your
thoughts in the comments below so that's
all I've got for you guys today thank
you so much for watching and I can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
