good morning guys I know it's a little
weird but Veronica's taking care of this
little unibrow thing you're going on
that weird for the record I don't I
don't I don't usually have this done now
genius I like the reaction shows yeah
can I fight with him in one go yep
that's the worst that is the worst thing
ever oh good we have been tweaking this
livestream settings things time time
stream they will make oh they meet yeah
I kinda wanna go outside to look we've
been tweaking this livestream for an
hour and 34 minutes we made a lot of
progress there's no more echoing the
only thing left is there's like a lag
between the audio and the webcam video I
can only stream in 720 I have a solid
internet connection so I should be able
to stream in 1080 so I want to see
better quality and a more synchronized
audio and video for webcam we've been
cooped up inside all day
editing talking just kind of hanging out
it seems and always last day they're
gonna leave early in the morning and the
trampoline seems to be the main
attraction
in the live streaming it's a lot of
frustration it's so difficult to figure
out what's going on there
we'll get it eventually I think we got
the audio down we've definitely got to
adjust the levels and stuff we'll get
there we'll get there everyone's getting
red face worn out on what they fancy for
dinner Veronica's picking it up - that's
my love you rubbed off on her everyone
did James and Holli
they instilled with us some English
calling around get your book bag and
then one of his arms just ripped off
we're gonna make dinner
super easy tonight Veronica wants to
pull a James and all that you've never
heard of it or had it you've heard of
you never had yeah I'm aware Oh James is
processing some pictures he took of us
at dolls look at this when you got home
Gil that was holy oh you shot a nice
perfect my fellas leather holy to the
picky no look at that beautifully formed
buttock oh yeah oh great pixels
there James gives some really good food
at the old Chipotle Chipotle a furniture
polish sauce well Chipotle is Chipotle's
yeah super-good
Veronica's for high expectations do you
yes well it's it's simple food really it
really is how did you enjoy your time in
America with the gills ie I've had a
whale of time more than more fun than I
expected and you Veronica the kids a bit
flippant amazing very humbled lovely
people and yeah I just had to do
something the credible time and I could
have asked right a bit more and again
all the Gladius everyone who's just
failed to turn the camera back on
because I'm flattered ya know it's just
been so awesome more than I ever kind of
thought I was you know good experience
the stuff welcome even like friends and
family never been it's just didn't
amazing yeah that's my honest opinion
well I'm tell you what I'm sad to see
you go on I'm sad to leave that you've
made it hard for us to leave because
you've made us feel saying well that's
awesome yeah it feels good it feels good
to know yeah my goal is to make sure
that we were you know impeccable hosts
you've been impeccable but we've also
had been like to product they haven't
done loads of cool stuff we've ever done
ever doing loads of filming stuff yeah
so we've kind of done everything we kind
of initially Sal for well now now we
need actually
edit yeah I caught a couple comments
that said you know I wouldn't have flown
thousands miles just to hang out in
Guild Wars House today we didn't just
hang out we've done we don't watched
every day you were how much we've done
and we haven't released half of the
stuff which we've actually done right me
and Holly are here for five weeks and
we've spent just over a week with you
here so the whole thing wasn't we're not
just coming here and just staying in
your house
yeah we've been Hollywood going off
traveling now for the next three weeks
and gonna be driving thousand miles and
do the crazy adventure so it's like and
check this out James had how many three
thousand subs three and a half three and
a half when he got here and now he's
almost at ten earlier them said nine and
a half but before you get to ten it's
such a huge accomplishment when you get
to like ten thousand subscribers is such
a huge number yeah when I got to ten
thousand I was like wow I never in a
million years would have thought
like get 10,000
this year let alone wait let me go in
where I heard saying that I never had a
doubt that you'd make ten and I said to
Veronica before you came I felt like
James is super underrated because his
vlogs are just as good if not better
than the old view
I know he's come over two stances enough
enough smooth over some food let's go
just home later Oh James why'd you do
that I'm putting you on the spot because
it's the least I can do I pull out my
card to pay for it I was getting a
bystander no James is that all of it is
that all of it put on this cheeky card
when she chuck you'll get him a gift I'm
gonna get James a going-away gift I know
he's gonna love it
funny I can't believe well I've just
witnessed this dude is so on
Americanized he doesn't I had to go to
the ATM right explain that alone away by
the fact that we have drive through
banking ATM or the drive you know the
drive through how is it so hard to
understand we put money and then it
sucks up in the air it doesn't go in the
air it goes up through the tube into the
building I just Dennis I'm waiting to go
in and pay it in like normal cause dudes
dresses faster you know how you know how
much time you save going to submit
spaces like what's the point of that I
can't wait for you to try your first
report is this yours
okay take it in you need to mix Mike
with everything with spicy no no it's
house is what no as much as the hood
they have a David so would you guys be
interested in trying a grilled cheese
doughnut grilled cheese donor yeah big
snow bottom one and then you know
another one on top of the middle
like little cold pieces and a carrot and
then some more cold smack yeah we'll be
back don't worry the kids you're really
gonna miss them you're in a bed
I want to get a selfie hey there this is
this is this the masterpiece you're
gonna try it I'm scared oh I have a spot
ape outbreak from Ivy in a rather greasy
but it's not greasy it's no greasy it's
just butter sticky stop it it's a donor
is it good or not good yeah it's good
yeah it's delicious
I'm making her one of her own yeah it
was a movie scene where they're they
take the first bite and they chew it
once and then they look at each other
and then they finished chewing yeah and
then they go
Oh Veronica just went to the store to
get diapers and stuff but came back and
told us that there was like yeah a
really good-looking moon out there
super red super red moon so James and I
grabbed off our cameras what my
crackerjack camera straight out of Toys
R Us he's making fun of my camera
bite it boy that's an awesome camera so
we're gonna try and get some cool shots
of the Moon right Meowth got some cool
shots yeah yeah yeah good I wonder who's
turned out better mine are yours
well James old chap this is it it's the
night before James goes home and we just
we just wanted to get to the good part
so
yeah it's time to say goodbye James and
Holly they leave in just a little bit
but before they do I wanted to get James
at least about going-away present
so we're gonna go check the mail real
quick stop it a little stop E and then
we'll go say bye James
so I stopped to check the mail and
Ephesus yeah says there's quite a bit
the goodness gracious
they all love you I just want to say
thank you again to everyone who sent
mail we need help next time now you can
go out and spend money and get people
extravagant gifts or whatever or you can
be extremely thoughtful and pay
attention to what someone really likes
and the gift would make so much more of
an impact so here's my gifts to James
and Holly let's go give them to him I
couldn't let you leave without getting
you a little something yeah I have it
here don't be scared
oh no no no it's not gonna pop out James
first never be without ketchup so you
can spice up your meals you have places
I've been which don't have ketchup this
is gonna come in handy now I know dude
for the road bro but my last hour trip
today yeah
so I just helped James bring his back to
the car just trying out the trunk I told
him I was like let's go with you you
guys can drop me off in the Outer Banks
with Veronica and the kids that price
suck for her we get stuck in the trunk
look for this the icons is hilarious you
can pull this lever to get out and run
because just been so super awesome we
got finding more stuff
alright guys this is it James and Holly
are out of here brother it was fun fun
drive saved on the right why you know we
had a lot of fun that's probably that
ooh we had a lot of fun James and Holly
thank you guys so much for coming to
hang out with us we made some really
good memories yes new friends yeah for a
lifetime yeah true true it's not every
day that you come across somebody you
know what the same interest is you and
you guys really click and and you know
that's what we had this week it was it
was fun future plans a lot of cool stuff
to come again make sure you go follow
them on their journey across eastern
United States they're gonna do some
really cool stuff and you can expect
some pretty epic footage coming from
James so that's where we leave you guys
for today as always thank you so much
for watching we'll see all of you right
back here tomorrow
