hi I really missed you guys this video
is going to be as informative as I can
make it point number one we're going on
trip I'm currently waiting for my ride
to arrive as you know guys I've been
I've been working on a really really big
project and I mentioned in our live
streams if you guys don't see the live
streams it's linked down in the
description we do live streams on Twitch
and they're super super fun and I
usually get the opportunity to just kind
of like talk direct to you I'll let you
guys know those you can come to the live
streams that we'd be working on a really
huge project and it's actually good
super well I'm having a very very good
time I have to be very careful what I
can show you guys and that's really
really hard but I think today like I
just wanted to make something for you
guys and bring you back in to the Gilroy
world and just kind of catch up
brother Oh Gilly you ready like Coco
Puffs I'm a debug it
okay so clean snacks I think I'm going
to go with some of this where's that
ice-cold Pepsi Cola boom some of that
whoa what do you get when you get snacks
for the plane I'm how big a plane snack
guys I usually uh you know nothing no
love food and snacks is risky on a plane
and I'm like long I don't need something
like goes wrong you ever seen the
commercial where will you be when
diarrhea
like that really it goes through my head
like I'm getting on a plane and the
bathrooms the size of a penis you know
I will admit the first time I flew I was
afraid to eat because I thought I would
throw anything up but since then I'm
like yeah I need some food before we get
the place yeah no I think good okay I
think you'll be able to yeah I'll be
high yeah we should make Jon get like
the six like the chicken sandwiches all
right guys we're going to try and
capture some nice time-lapse footage
yet the engine you're doing my thing
well everybody just kind of walked
around me stepping on my Chhabra that's
just how it is
John's ridiculously white old socks
we're later fr must ever probably my leg
check with top that you can't make
things a movie a bit of it of it this is
what I'm working with here
thank you baby gives a score which I
like lucky rescue customers we go
analysis early life
Oh
our country back power there's a on the
side in the saira here we side and then
the backpack once you keep showing me
with it's in there don't open that will
clear the land side yeah you got to try
that dude so the chicks phone number no
don't worry about that oh no no I
promised country I would haven't tried
the Buckeye to listen you like chocolate
peanut butter a little bit chocolatey
LaHood's yeah I'm going to give you
seven floors because you're right now
I'll walk it I'm walking so you can
immediately burn off all the calories
that that's going to do you easy okay
don't you it looks like good good right
real quick with your son back yeah
there's my jello phone number oh dear
I'm dead serious where the food court
John we're supposed to go to our gate
hey buddy if we die we can't get on the
plane well either see the food or mr.
fly it simple side it's simple tightly
if I'm not alive I can't get on the
plane
this is good i gay don't want food it's
our get ready because that ain't a large
pizza well or you know healthy only on
this trip we eat healthy I'm up hit up
golden arches carry this thing Joseph in
my last but I would from a large improv
editor nikita me other ready country
like we go
Oh sir
i'ma buy you a riot gear over here like
a car when like your brakes are
completely gone and turned he's trying
to put on the brakes and spike I want it
down like really seriously it is just
after 8 o'clock and we're in Tulsa
Oklahoma quite pretty from the sky we
got to get baggage and then hope there's
John and then we've got a car rental
going to pick that up right now
oh nice look at this
we got that big giant Ford Expedition
whoa good thing about this ad ooh this
is nice
say wait what now what kind of food in
there of course they're just shut the
place down with you John on the add
rubber Bobby some barbecue in Texas
rumen bro this what
seven boozled you've seen us play this
before
well you little rum yummy oh yeah no I
got a film I can film in last stream all
in one day you know but I hourly right
now this right now in the car while
roaming livestream come in here we vlog
while John log log in this is like
trying to get the most ridiculous
scenario ever come on fall asleep right
now grab your lime that's just two
different high to plant either way lawn
clippings isn't even half bad okay
definitely lawn clippings I've eaten
plenty of lawn grass yeah hahaha
it's either strawberry banana smoothie
or dead fish Oh hold on tree put it in
what you got what are you thinking how
good it's good
ah okay you either got juicy pear which
would be great yeah for boogers
I would be lying if I said I've never
had a booger before so I'll know Oh No
step back in the light a little bit
juicy pear yes what hmm
yeah it's up so here we go I was
actually really good one up okay
problem is it keeps giving me two so I
got a lot of good one
nope okay nope here we go it's white
it's pure coconut is wild milk okay come
back to the light you remember that
video do you remember that video when
Veronica tricked this world milk over my
head yeah yeah very wealthy flashback
whoops welcome to taste like here we go
here we go chew it up face is good oh no
it really boiled no no we know what that
window hey beaver had the road yo okay
cheese thanks buzz okay Murphy alright
so we had a nice little meeting
downstairs everything is set for us to
do what we came here to do tomorrow is
going to be so epic but that is not
where this video in oh no I haven't seen
you guys for a couple days
so we're going to make this one a nice
long one but to break for just a second
okay look should I
just like that breakfast is over a
couple cups of coffee and here with them
as you guys might not spend and there's
ramen two logs yeah check this out I
don't know why I'm super excited about
this but we have these like walking
systems you have to use these like
surveillancing lingo like a CIA officer
these plugs are super uncomfortable they
never stay in your ear they never stand
and they actually make my ear feel like
they're like what whoa whoa whoa whoa I
got the hook-up by the law man come on
then if you can get this out you can use
it if you got a small ear while you're
there
I need more power to you basically these
things are like they're cold ear molds
and they're standoff inside your ear so
you can still cheer but it's not like
plugging your ear canal and Patrick gave
it to me this morning I'm going to
introduce you guys to Patrick amazing
but basically this yes that's not broken
this thing goes something like that gets
stuffed inside your ear
and as a camera operator you need so
check this out we just went to the gas
station to get some waters and stuff and
like a big thing here in Oklahoma is
fried okra I've never had over before I
don't know if like this is how you eat
it normally but John will eat anything
and so I'm going to make John eat this
to practice John okay so John just met
me in my room I'm going to get my stuff
he just said did you get breakfast
why yes John I did get breakfast I went
to the gas station did you get that and
I want I wanted to get you all across on
the Google answer Oh
so I want to get it with your fried okra
though not pickled I know well this is
it as good as we can get no gas station
at Nam we're here at a Miami yeah so I
want to see I'm sure we all do we want
to see you eat that the whole thing or
just one I mean we can take baby steps
so I would be pretty impressive if you
ate that whole thing yeah yeah bring it
on the plane
no of course not you want housekeeping
you want me to rub your pillow you want
it messy acid it was a bitter feeling
spicy oh yeah here we go chill with the
red balls you know they're giving us
away now did you get it
nah yeah okay do we pick you up
something against as you know I don't
know why you won't get that up because
we got you well I don't know what it is
I gave the lady five Jolly Ranchers
understand well early just here under
Sun right but yeah wild workers
so John's about to try the pickled mild
okra and a mild I mean we just need to
get right into it John until you crack
that you do not fill it in the car
wonderful you know Beth yes it pickle
anything I'm not going after yeah that's
what a delicate fit to town
you're not going to spit it's going to
be delicious roll over
what is Oprah I don't know if the plant
with a pepper a little pepper there the
thing is it's really tough and I think
it's tricky is it I've had it before I
had fried okra before a little guy let
it ride really went oh yeah
it's really wet this is a good pickle
makes it look like a worm without eating
the whole bike oh it's got better off
under reduction about yeah back on the
chair accent relah perfect
where exactly it's not like me I really
am in can't Han Jahn food it's like not
like it right I mean how was the theory
that I was actually eating the bad
flavored beans that is like that could
have been an ortho anything listen so we
stopped at this
what's an intimate some old Cherokee leg
Oklahoma like super big lake in Oklahoma
really really huge
just getting some b-roll footage and
stuff and I notice right here on the on
the side of the vehicle I don't know if
you can see that that's legit I chewed
up jelly bean from last night I'd be raw
material you know I'm gonna I'm gonna do
you guys a favor and put that on eBay
starting bid at 100,000 oh my lord bean
look at this place man we are in the
middle Oklahoma and it's like it's so
wide open all flat and all the guys
decided instead of catching a plane
which we missed by the way we would stay
in Oklahoma and try and roadtrip back
and each of us have picked a spot that
we want to visit this is rhomin spot
like a car museum
in
this one is truly unique from the paint
job to the organic to all the little
details
what's the shifter look at this
Oh
I think they don't realize it yet but we
just have some world's largest you've
stuck me if shot will get store large
check it out they don't realize it yet
but it's totally closed
everyone - I said open till 9:00 on what
is you wait that Noir is close bro I'm
in the West thirty forty five pm in
among why it's not that great it's not
that big of a gift shop I told you rich
was oh yeah you told me after we pulled
up look at all this candy look here
barbecue sauce cotton candy I was just
talking about pal Sonia cameras focused
so well and here we go barbecue salt
cotton candy lemon basil cotton candy
coffee cotton candy that mine dude your
butter and jelly cotton candy watch the
other this stuff it's technically the
world's largest gift shop with the
actual big gift shops close this is just
their gas station which also has all
sorts of candy taffy
good stuff wait for it wait for it are
you go I get a kick out of it you know
it makes me laugh here
okay all that different colors mean
different flavors I'm assuming it's a
better one still that's my jealous fry
jelly rare yeah and
yeah act like it's horrible I'm not so
it's like regular come again they hold
on let me get the different color
he's the city uh-oh yo
we're now on definitely good at
Zachry
no problem it's pretty a numbered number
overs dude
I wish I was making this up right now
but we are legit at a place called
Uranus route 66
Uranus we saw signs on the side of the
highway that said she's Uranus fudge
factory super appropriate this is like
weird actually it's kind of I don't know
what are you making of this country I
was like this is like look look right
here it's a skeleton prisoner with a
popsicle or lollipop and a craftsman
7/16 hey one have you ever had parts
from Uranus can't say I have
all right short lived it was fun but
nobody likes Ben very much time in
Uranus anyway we got to keep moving
around the moon
yes what they call million-dollar no
money back password through dinner we're
literally wrapping up everything is gone
but you can do the list by literally all
gone and a little bit of funny
you know people come out with the whole
birthday shenanigan
and here we are exactly where we left
off we had to stop for the night so now
we've woke up breakfast we're about 5-6
hours and lef got five hours but you're
right we're still far from home Dale to
go driving first country drove second
late into the night we lost John somehow
we all falsely woke up in Johnson how
many times is he feeding me yeah well
yeah so we're down a man John actually
stopped at Hotel and playoffs
you have the thing to do and so this is
going to be a actually someone told us
there was a really cool fire-breathing
dragon super close definitely say that
oh oh you can't see it look I want to
show you guys we're in the expedition
right and these expeditions are pretty
big we've got all our stuff back here
but with all the seats up you only get
so much space for all your gear solve
you're the only few of us see you back
I'm actually going to be taking the
wheel today Dale drove last night
country now my turn we're just waiting
on Roman and Noah when we begin back
home very soon keV today is going to be
in the low 90s so it's gonna be hot hot
I can't wait to get home to the pool
alright we got all the boys with us you
guys sleep good
oh that's dead body grow
you see there's a flaming breathing
dragon yeah flames or flamethrower
that's wicked a from the dragon's mouth
if you did dude isn't my favorite songs
your home planets I'm trying to change
it be unlocked ha ha ha
is it Barney not true
without the Barney here
well-well-well right back where we
started
and they've got the window down allowing
all that extremely hot temperature in
we've been stuffed in this car per hour
a has been super nice and chill but with
that window opens at 88 degrees these
days you know it's 90 hot
the thing of it is it so cold in here
like my ears were cold my throat's cold
like my knees and my ankles and my feet
in my back the right Roman was the one
who said you can you guys turn up your
hair hot back here country have a good
time is make must break up thanks for
let me borrow your clock yeah
is it right now up it is so now it's
time to get back home to the family fun
actually wait a minute bro man dry out
blah you soon not
but in Hawai you autumn behind me
because he is something I've hidden
I'm not even recording away there we are
back at home ma beautiful oh yeah here
having fun yeah it's in there do tell me
about the jumpin water doesn't just
caught that on camera like he said that
off camera like four times badly on
Marda call it hey love you too man
see you later had a great time bye Noah
thanks for being awesome on a trip Dale
drive drive swiftly yeah hey listen I
don't like it's 90 degrees and the pools
right there and it looks so good
actually I can't even wait I can't wait
follow me
we go down down thank you very sweaty
socks on me they're so not sweating
we've been an air-conditioned car all
day sir ah okay that's cold look good
thank you gotta you gotta bug me up we
bring it home bag I had to have in from
the pool hey watch out don't log bear
I'm out but I didn't clean up the
down-low
I know you most tastic yeah oh you guys
I missed this mmm
I'm gonna go get baby Liza Oh what do
you remember now yeah go get it hot and
long get in the pool okay look okay okay
hi turkey gives you home family I know
my shirts way this cuz daddy splashed me
yeah daddy's home
yeah you're on good rehab you wanna go
with women
yeah yeah you could come with us daddy
waffles let's get some suit on okay come
on let's go get Eddie you can't take
your phone in the pool come on mom yeah
yeah she's feeling a mite sure was wet I
bless mommy I love you
well again why okay exactly what I wanna
do when I got playing pool with my
babies
I've always already got out they didn't
want to get back in they'll come back
out watch the game it up a little while
yeah got PETA
yeah dinner's here lies are you hungry
time to eat
Wow hungry she was just saying she was
hungry
mm-hmm there good that seafood as I'm so
glad to see I hope you had a fun weekend
without me yeah well I'll try to make
sure that we have even more fun over the
next few days because in the scope of
what's going on the project we're
working on is going to break for a few
days which is great and like I said in
the beginning of this video I wanted to
make this extra long because you know we
need to catch up we need to kind of like
we need to catch up and I can't really
explain the finer details of everything
that's happened just yet but the time is
close that we can actually start giving
you a little bit but yeah it's super
exciting super huge big big the release
you buy the meantime pizza is here oh
I'm starvin and Owen spend some time
with DES
you know there's something to be said
about common woman sleeping in your own
bed drinking your own coffee in being
with your favorite people ever not
calling last week stated cousin's house
and he got into some very serious poison
oak all this was all like swollen you
actually look really good
yeah it looks completely gone yes this
was like all bumpy no it's although
bumps is on yeah that was pretty much
the worst case of poison anything I've
ever seen you get into that was really
bad hey what are you doing oh this you
can tell up summer because we're down a
kid he's actually still upstairs
sleeping
I mean I don't know
that's what summers for right after I
came home and we had some playtime in
the pool
it was just checkout time have fun with
the kids
me and Collin and Carson had game night
out in the office and we just enjoyed
each other's company I miss U's and all
that kind of stuff
and I hope you get you know I hope you
got your fill of us in this video I
don't know exactly how long it's been
but I hope you enjoyed today's video and
if you haven't made us the very end or
smashed up button and hell and so that's
where we're going to leave you guys on
this one thank you so much for watching
and I can't wait to see you right back
here next time
