what's up everyone
today we're going to kind of take it
easy edit some videos grill some food
James is actually gonna treat us to a
nice barbecue dinner James and I was
gonna drive to the store today James was
just telling me that he wants me to
point out all the things he's done wrong
and driving
because of course coming from England
I'm sure
to understand
trumpet was in the fingers which is kind
of strange is when you hire a car but a
nasty bite
when you venture off
we need bread to know that an acidly
do you know the different century check
boys like that guy just did something
wrong he's not supposed to turn left but
says no left turn see at least I didn't
do that yeah you didn't do that he
almost missed the exit actually and on
any crash coming in power there's about
to be an accident
oh I caused that like everyone driving
on the wrong side of the road over here
no they're not they're driving on the
right side James it's the right side
yeah so I have to get baby food for
Eliza and James and Holly's getting some
kind of extravagant dinner it's gonna be
extravagant right oh yeah it's gonna be
the biggest look at this big guy c'mere
Holly Holly don't be afraid of the big
spider don't be afraid of spider get the
spider ah she's not Freddie's buddy that
spider nearly killed you I saw yeah I
squished it push that spider no matter
of fact that old lady's first spider is
so nice that little late that's what I
love about my town dude
a lot of people are most of the people
are super chill awesome
very friendly and then when you and then
when you travel like two counties south
you get those crazy potholes on the
river drink beer and trying to beat
people up
you have that excuse there excuse me sir
you are clearly evil wait sir
sir let's get up the nerve can we throw
him out even though he's already on his
way out thank you keep doing a great job
so I'm over here at Vicky's we're gonna
borrow her grill actually gonna wheel it
over to the house so we've got more
grill space and I'm a little bit
concerned something's about to happen
because James Holly and Veronica all
three have been hmm kind of avoiding me
for the past few minutes which would
suggest they're trying to scheme
something but I'd like to consider
myself mostly unprintable I just want
you to know before anything happens oh
that I'm on to them oh I'm on to them
James has never played cornhole before
these boards we've got some water damage
I mean there's already some crap on it
see the crap there boy but there's like
water damage this sucks
probably still play on it James I got
cornhole for us buddy cornball clearly
needs something different for him
Vantage Vicky gave us a new game to play
I guess it's called bullseye washers
we've got these little washers and just
a beanbags
well whoa shins out a lot like cornhole
but oh I see the tech with these little
washers they ought to go for a different
technique putting on more first are you
kidding me that's impossible dude
there's no frisbee
sure give it a go
first carrier Selvan that's right
prepare yourself for the very first ever
cornhole game this yeah this is gonna be
fun you know the rules right toss it
into someone else's home mm-hmm
if you land on the board on the board
just one point in the hole it's three
points and he holds it go right sure
it's 20 to 20 James only has two bags
left he cannot win good job James
yep if you get it you can win a lot of
pressure a lot of pressure
bring it James old chap yes you did
how's it feel how's it feeling your bum
food on the grill unfortunately you guys
just missed out on a little bit of chaos
I went inside to get the the food and I
hear what was calling screaming bloody
murder stepped on a bee and it stung him
and the stinger sack was sticking out
the bottom of his foot and he was
freaking out worse than I think I've
ever heard him freak out Colin got his
first stepped on a bee sting poor fella
so while the boys are jumping on the
trampoline I wanted to show you guys
something I'm like reflecting on our
that's a good week there's a lot of fun
we made some really good memories
I won't soon forget the time my new
English friends and hang out with us at
our house per week filmed had fun we
pranked each other and like I said we
made some really good memories so I want
you guys to do me a favor and go
subscribe to my good friend vibes to 360
and also I don't know if I've ever
mentioned but you guys see this little
alarm here if you tap that right it'll
give you notifications right so every
time he uploads a new vlog I'll now be
notified I think you guys should do the
same thing for me so every time I upload
you'll get a notification that says hey
gilroys uploading a new video and also I
believe the same goes for if I begin a
live stream you'll also be notified so
go onto the mobile find me a little
alarm bell and tap that for old Gil so
you get your interpretation let this
continue cooking on the last side there
I think it's time to do a couple cheeky
little back quick dry so with the grill
at 475 roughly degrees I'm gonna pull
the lid and you're about to see some
gooey gooey melted cheese and brought
burger deliciousness
oh yeah oh yes let us eat sweet potatoes
and regular potatoes huh mm-hmm yeah
wedges like wedges yeah not like what
just he burgers brats shells and cheese
corn on the cob Pauly's veggie burgers
Holley approved
she said take them off yeah put those on
with the rest of the meat maybe that's a
good thing they didn't cook with the
knee so it's like truly veggie yeah so
before the Sun completely goes away
we're gonna go outside and 2v2 : io
we're gonna cornhole it up Warren hold
it up you're up this is gonna be such a
good game for winning and winning oh my
gosh a little stealth mama
ooh nice nice James you have played this
before dark dude this is the time of day
where I gotta quit filming outside I can
only film them in the light and all
that's gonna change
they might get something new here soon
but we got to take the grill back and
cornhole cornhole boards back James you
wanna help me old chap yep you grab one
board
I'll get the grill i fashioned these
straps around the legs so it's very easy
you pair I can't see it but it's really
easy to wheel it back over all right so
we are gonna livestream now James and I
set it up we're gonna do some mortal
combat because I mean we could do
first-person shooters but Holly's not
good at that or are you yeah well
Veronica's not good at it at all and we
all wanted to try and play some games
together so we're gonna do mortal kombat
everyone here can play Mortal Kombat so
that's
we're gonna play and I gotta get this
computer software set back up this is
gonna be gonna be fun fun yeah I totally
forgot to pick up the camera and plug
her in that whole lunching but a lot of
things happened well I didn't pick up my
camera
we had the livestream we did lots of fun
everyone's in there having fun
James tried to pull one over on me
during the livestream yeah I don't know
what was oh oh my gosh so basically I
came in here to go pee this pile this
pile of powder I came here to go to PE
this cup was raped up to the toilet to
dump what is supposed to be baking soda
into the toilet then it's clogged with
the towel filled with
vinegar saying have you put baking soda
and vinegar together it makes like this
huge you know reaction bubbles goes
crazy I'm proud of you that of the
genius
I wanted it to move Ruff's with the
volcano you need a heck a lot of
something to do that well I thought we
put enough in yeah obviously we did not
well pay for effort it's okay you'll let
me win yeah in the prank week it is
Sunday actually it's it's half past so
prank week is over prank week is over
and gill wins it was it was a crazy week
is fun I said earlier today I was like
we made we had a lot of fun I made a lot
of videos yeah we made larger members -
yeah it was awesome thank all of you
guys for showing James such awesome
support
yeah I mean you guys have gone to his
channel and showed him some love and
that's what the gladiator community is
all about it's support you know we take
care of each other I think and we're
positive we keep people uplifted yeah I
wouldn't have it any other way it is
awesome not sure are you leaving
tomorrow
we're not hundreds any sure that's fine
with me did fine with me this guy's got
it out for me he wants to borrow my
house I don't know I don't know
yes anyways yeah but good morning huh
it's that time of the day you guys when
we start to edit that the computers
going James is hot on his trail why not
get coffee are you winning the editing
game yeah yeah you're ahead of me yeah
you know James ends his vlogs at night I
in mine the next day you know because we
love doing it that way its uniqueness
again yeah I'm kind of bummed out about
the livestream thing last night there is
a echoing I don't know if it started at
the beginning or halfway through or at
the end there was like this echo and I
woke up early this morning got old my
kitchen cleaned up there he's driving me
crazy and then I watched a couple videos
I've read a couple articles and realized
that I do have some settings wrong
Liza's home from the doctor's yeah she
had a doctor's appointment early this
morning was a 6:00 lunch I go yeah six
months checkup so she got to have shots
today look at her poor little legs he'll
it'll be indeed he is you got band-aids
weak heart oh whoa whoa so yeah we're
going to sit down and get some head
eating done figure out how the rest this
week's in a play out we leave Friday
morning for the beach so pumped about
that
I have the gh4 this time so I'm gonna do
some even more awesome 4k shooting at
the beach that's gonna be really cool
it's gonna be a busy week getting ready
for the beach make sure you guys stay
tuned and listen James and Holly may or
may not leave today but I wanted to tell
you before they go you guys are on like
an epic trip across the eastern United
States yeah so we're here until the 24th
of September so that's like another
three weeks rather and yeah we're
basically gonna be driving thousands of
miles get amazing cool places mm-hmm we
don't know where we're going but it's
just gonna be a hell of a
tripping ahead of a venture yeah if you
guys want to I think you should make
sure you guys follow them on their
journey across the eastern US I think
it's gonna be really cool footage yeah
wish I could go with but I got a
vacation here too yeah yeah yeah
before I forget the texture contest ends
today by 12 p.m. midnight 5 a.m. at
night the types of contest is over
so get your last-minute follows in go to
my tags to profile comment your
preferred social media I know I haven't
followed for the past couple days but I
promised you I will so I'm going to make
them you can make all those follows I
think the last time I looked there's
like over 700 comments on that on those
posts so please bear with me even if I
have to use the rest this week a little
bits and pieces throughout my day
I'm gonna go follow you guys I made that
promise I promise I'll keep it so make
sure you guys go follow James and Holly
on their trip and of course don't forget
to tune in for our adventure 2 to the
Outer Banks once again ok so that's all
I've got for you guys today thank you so
much for watching and thank you so much
for showing all the love and support
that you have to my new friends James
and Holly
as always we'll see you right back here
