Hey good morning guys we are starting
our day we're Holli and I we're headed
to this by we're actually going on our
canoe trip today and I was like you know
what I need a lifeproof case for my
phone so I can capture our memories and
you know be able to take pictures and
stuff without risk of losing my phone
totally so we're gonna go in here and
get one of these I don't know whether to
get the classic original or they have
these new the screen list technology hmm
I think I'll go with the new one the
newest technology that's where you gotta
be now we're gonna go look for some
flip-flops my flip-flops got ruined the
other day when we have the egg challenge
they're covered in eggs I could wash
let's Holly doesn't have plans so we got
to get some sort of water shoes or
something to plain water today I think
when we found some phantom foot flops
that'll work for today they're actually
on clearance for $2 dollar 98 so you
can't beat that and they might get lost
in the river anyways so the guys sent us
with the cameras today we're like we're
still editing you guys start the vlogs
and open them up so we are we're going
to go back to the house and bombard the
guys with silly string hmm
something simple and easy and something
silly not too messy they are outside
there on the trampoline
yes
do the trick
come night are we going canoeing still
yeah let's go right now okay
good trick with the silly string sounded
rather silly today was quite so but our
weekend of fun continues today we're
gonna go canoeing right now and if time
permits and we've spent a lot of time
this morning working on our videos yeah
there's a lot of stuff happened
yesterday a lot that's fun epic stuff
yeah I'm still a little bit scared yeah
don't worry that's all I got for you so
let's go have some more fun
good stop for a little ID we need some
booze
power these canoes a little subway there
yeah
that's it look at that that's perfection
my favorite
you know you know it's a good day to
canoe when like the whole place is
packed this is all these cars is for a
community it's pretty sick I got the
keys I got him heroin kanoon it's gonna
be fun
it seems so much fun honey last time we
were here I brought the kids it's been
how about you kids it's been a while
since we've been here this place is
awesome it's always beautiful looks like
the water is up a little bit you ready
for a good time it's gonna be fun we
always have fun with the staff here at
Hawking Valley a new life is it still
like a new life we always have fun shall
we get our paddles now I know the drill
I know the drill so we got our paddles
we gotta get our life jackets down here
and then we'll be on our way what one
minute Oh
and we're on five minutes in and James
in holiday already got stuck way back
there and there's a couple of drunk
dudes with a cooler full of beer right
beside him so we just we just met back
up with James and Holly they ended up
passing us while we were hanging out
with our new friends back there you know
yeah I said it before the last time we
came here like one of the most typical
things for people to do to come out here
is to grab a cooler fill it full of
beers and literally just float down this
river drinking having a good weekend you
know that I'm having a lovely weekend
without getting up this dude was like
here take a shot literally falls over
out of the boat trying to pour a shot
like I don't think I got that now I
didn't get it
last time we were here I can't remember
if it was right here or a little farther
up but we were going through it like a
wooded part and probably 50 yards and
ahead of us this giant tree branch just
falls into the water would have been
very bad to be underneath of that it's
like a tree branch that big was huge
look we're trying to get some creative
shots here with this me and James are
both standing up battling that's right
you know you don't typically ride in a
canoe standing yeah but we are complete
and total over this professional idiot I
think we're almost close to the end or
at least I hope we are
I don't even know if we're in a canoe or
a kayak this is a commune class
therefore one how you doing what's up
guys
what you think did a lot of fun offering
that completely enough of douchebags
yeah yeah the we did run into a couple
of dudes that turned out to be really
sushi yeah I guess that's what happens
when you drink too much
look at this is this like a night lunch
it's a lot of people going this late all
those people that you saw getting in
buses that huge group apparently there's
some glow things going on so they're all
gonna do the two-hour tour I think all
with like glow sticks and stuff and then
at the end I can hear the music down
here somewhere over here there's like a
huge bonfire so after they do their runs
and they come back with their canoes
they go over to the bonfire and then
part it up that sounds like fun unless
there's more douchebaggery alcohol yeah
Sun is just gonna like make it worse I
guess I don't like that
guys I commend your next-level ingenuity
that is awesome
that is awesome all right let's go we're
gonna have to go pick up the boys right
yep all right let's roll so we made it
back home fast forward making it picking
up the kids
Eliza sweetheart
you have the dinosaur PJ's ZAR home
they're gonna go take showers one time
smells bad you have to sit next to them
yeah
so we're gonna go get some food I think
James in Holly's feeling that yummy
yummy joint and I think I and Veronica
and I are gonna get some B dubs Buffalo
Wild Wings some hot wings yes James old
chef this is a Buffalo Wild Wings
you can I'll let you I will let you
thank you so much smell this bag he's
English she's never had big Buffalo wild
man yeah seriously smell it smell the
bag they've been that they probably been
here a hundred times yeah yeah yeah yeah
first time whoo what you don't like
spicy things so that's kind of a protein
doesn't like spicy stuff
no he's about to try that it's going to
your hole one you don't have to but you
do have to dip it in here really yep
don't be shy dude that's not shy no I
bite it bite go we should give you to
try the blazing wings one bite and you
probably be it's bad I did that with
Dennis in Cincinnati ah you don't eat
chili
it was white time I became quiet time
last night we had to we ended
you can place tomato yeah it's Sunday
morning so I guess maybe I guess I'll
let you morning love
James and holly's darn I'm hit
there's Carson and his favorite little
baby in the whole wide world I just I
just took share and can tell you I feel
like I feel like a million at five
dollars and 63 cents slice me yeah
pretty precise right there so you've got
a cup of coffee everyone's up last night
was definitely let's get some food and
then immediately have a full belly and
feel like let's go to bed yeah say
goodbye to the gladiators as always
thank you guys so much for watching
we really appreciate joining us through
our really fun and exciting week
pranking and filming and all this stuff
so thank you thank you that's all we've
got for you today thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see you right
back here
