what's up guys so today is kind of a
really really big day first thing we've
been keeping a secret for a few weeks
about Branca surprise birthday party she
has no idea it's going to happen but a
lot of her friends and family are going
to show up tonight for dinner we're
gonna tell her that we want to go to
dinner at Papa boos also your boy Gill
is about to win this prank war for a few
days I've been plotting and planning
behind everyone's back not Veronica not
James not Halle no one knows what's
about to happen tonight the plan is for
me to have an altercation with a guy
later tonight when we come back from the
bar that same guy is going to come and
kick in my front door looking for me and
then he's gonna turn on Jane this should
be really really good oh so good morning
James house morning how's your editing
editing done probe's now uploaded
perfect to go my vlog is pretty much
ready to go it's still exporting but
we've gotta finish uploading that we're
a little bit behind schedule as you know
today we are gonna go shoot guns gonna
be so much fun we're gonna blow some
stuff up you excited I am very excited
let's once you show everyone your shirt
what an appropriate shirt yes
gladiators you're the same one I know I
thought we would wear the same one
rockin the side print Vladdy another
ever yeah you like it yeah you ready to
fight yeah I hope so the time has come
today
we shoot weapons firearms tribute to our
American rights
like big boo make big booms the Jeep
awaits saddle up my friend now watch
James as we get farther and farther out
here it's going to start looking more
and more like countryside I think what
you're used to right yeah because I we
live like a that's trees forests
good we don't have the nice Sun and blue
skies
we have raining great house
well you might like it out here's super
nice country not a lot of houses did you
bring your sunscreen
we did not affinity factor 50 yeah
SPF
we've got Eliza with us only Eliza she's
gonna help shoot some guns to me I've
been training her to be like a
sharpshooter
no James look at that pretty background
behind you rather splendid isn't it you
liked it yeah love the views we couldn't
have picked a more beautiful day I mean
look at the clouds I'm setting up a
time-lapse James yes my brother Josh
pretty rad mofo and this is Holly
Sam Holly James you don't want to shake
her hand she's got poo all over there
I'm just kidding I'm kidding check it
out dude here's our weapons for today
these just toys yet in a row not real
not will hold the real ones out when I
feel more comfortable are you ready yeah
every day of shooting Harry right ha ha
ha looking for this for life since we
got yeah yeah well fuck that today's the
day of my friend where we shoot josh has
to sight in the ar-15 yeah maybe that's
louder though yeah Scotty boy
what up scouting what up what up a
little nervous apprehensive I princess
Josh just got the gun sighted in before
we do any of the shock waves we're gonna
have a little bit of fun shoot off some
rounds you know film some cool clips
yeah um yeah I'm all work up yeah let's
let's load magazines first this is gonna
be fun
I love the slow-mo on that camera 240
frames per second at 1080 Scott
it's so nice yeah when you pay upwards
of five grand a camera that's what
you're gonna get yeah
makeshift target stand it's resourceful
right there is recycle reuse yeah we're
just gonna blow it sir Holly loading a
magazine
oh yeah no you ready see the innocent
sigh no don't break her now Scotty's
gonna do like a hero shot for us Scotty
so me Jane Holly Veronica we're gonna
stand here with our guns inside and
Scotty's gonna run the glidecam or do
like hero shot straight towards us
slow-mo he's never used a glidecam never
shot anything before so this is gonna be
funny also while I'm here away from
everybody I cannot wait for this evening
events to go x is two different
surprises that nobody knows about
well everyone knows about nobody knows
about the other one how does it feel
your filmmaker now back ha ha ha ha ha
help I think James I think we've got
some magazines loaded we've got all our
pre shots done let's hook these up and
do some actual shooting boy whoo James
would you vlog for me James
we'll all be
so this is the first time a shoe in the
little 9 millimeter this can be loud
over the shoulder shot for me for this
one you want me to record on here yeah
it's recording already
okay is it I look good let me just move
it get wider put up again Oh
in the eye boom boom boom boom I got him
he's dead he's out of there alright
let's mark yours I'll do this one yeah
left one you draw a face on him okay
yeah yeah Holly hey he was a little bit
afraid to shoot again we give her the
little one honey you're next but if you
lay my oh yeah that's so boy I'm a
little little nervous
oh no guns just make me nervous I shot
this one last time this the nine and
it's got a little bit of a kick and
Holly just shot this one and I want to
try this one it's a little it's just a
it's got less of a kick so our first
explosive target is set it's down there
on that cooler James is going to set up
his camera somewhere over here to
capture slow-motion in 1080 at 240
frames per second these exploding
targets I haven't seen that clarity it's
low my before so this should be really
really cool do you think about all this
huh this life is just hanging out here
underneath the umbrella I was gonna make
it to toes
I tried to see how we can make she's
getting more ticklish you might want to
cover yours and the baby's ears well I
can't cover my ears and hers at the same
time oh that's the problem yeah let's
see it James I hope it did work slow-mo
shot looks pretty cool I wish we had
some gas actually
fireball I know the gas makes it awesome
so let's have a look at the cooler yeah
that's a hole it's awesome this camera
will buffer it's technically recording
right now so James is going to jump in
the air we're gonna see exactly how much
time we have so as soon as you jump and
then land and stay for one second I'll
press record go wave it yeah
yeah so it's recorded like wow that's
pretty good
quite a long time before I even jumped
so then I want to see how long it is
after you land that's probably the
important part so there's our jump boom
we've waited one second that's you guys
are a slightly longer as well yeah yeah
you don't need so much at the beginning
yeah such an instant mm-hmm yeah so
that's fine
all right so I got that one yeah now
it's on you James now keep in mind we
don't have a buttload bullets the
explosives right down there
with a bucket on top we want to see like
if that bucket will take off sky-high
yeah oh look it's like confetti losing
target
yeah there's about eight or nine dollars
like five Wow centigrade they'll need it
that's a lot of fun to do for about five
quid yeah yeah that'd be cool well James
what you think that was awesome that was
so much fun yeah how many guns good did
you like the shotgun okay
bruising already gosh
well we had fun shooting and I think
we've all decided to make a trip to the
old pop boom I think we deserve a lovely
nice meal
yeah same cooking yeah yeah that cookie
yeah so let's go have a nice little
dinner
all right home for a quick change ready
ready you ready yeah everyone changed
but me
no I but I'm refreshed I'm refreshed
alright let's go eat this is the papa
boo do this two-handed yours it let's go
let's go huh three no customer entrance
we are broken rules here few people here
everything
for you surprise again
mr. Preiser always remember
yeah hey dude you got five yeah oh yeah
we did good
whoa
everyone get your phones out while you
wear the hat it's beautiful
come on up yeah all the way up here how
about a hand for veronik everybody is
this you yeah happy birthday girl look
at that that's it oh my goodness hey
anybody help us sing happy birthday to
Veronica come on raise your voices let's
put some ripple to the water out there
here we go longest 30 seconds of window
right there but you know the really cool
thing about the screen players and
pop-up booze we can't have this thing
that whoever's birthday it is they by
everybody around so now how about a
round of applause
oh that was so fun right
Grammy's keeping her tonight yep yep you
know Grammys got the kids family gonna
spoil that too but we tend to tear up
it's Veronica surprise birthday party
and we've got other things but I thought
you're gonna ruin it for me
why me the other thing you know about
the other thing yeah I do
and I realized that I was about to blow
it in front of Holly so I shut my mouth
yeah yeah I know I was like ah yeah
sorry about that
no it's okay I've got a solid cover
going oh dude probably just think crazy
America woman does not speak haha dude
Crazy Legs Gregg crazily
he's got the skills to pay the bill
honey okay I love you
now that you can hear me here let me
come in here what so although I love
this camera I think it's great quality I
can't get the quality in the light that
James
that's one bad part
hey George that's my friend George say
hi huh that's my mom so we had fun
ma puce is over now it's time to go back
to my house
and you know
do whatever I was exactly sphere yeah oh
I got spooked by the friends I got
spooked by the firecrackers the party
continues just keep on coming
alright cheers - Veronica being 21 years
old finally happy birthday love you -
Scotty look did your like straight out
of beer I think I did oh yeah I'm sorry
I owe you some I'll get him I'll get
some more I'll get some more yeah let's
drink runners we don't have pounders new
owners we have 40 ounces of freedom we
do have 40 n6 all right me and Dallas
yeah good mean dogs are gonna go get
some beers you guys just which Hill
trying to drink some wine or something
hold the fort be classy I'm sorry please
the whole will be back literally
stressed out it's all day we're gonna go
over to Jay's now and yet
and get him ready basically I told I
told James at the bar that I got in an
altercation in the bathroom with this
dude who's threatened beat me up
and and he's gonna come to my house and
cutting up for the chainsaw which is
pretty crazy but I needed to plant the
seed you know I mean I had to plant the
seed to make James believe that I gotta
fight that there's a guy out there that
wants to beat mine yeah so Alice is
about to get in disguise J also and
they're I mean the plan is to have him
bust through the door and basically
looking for me
trying to beat my butt but James is kind
of caught in the crossfire and I'm gonna
really freak him out we're gonna get him
good yeah none of this eggs none of this
shaving cream
none of this straight terror terror Oh
all right let's get you are you ready
all right are you feeling me you saying
you got the chainsaw yesterday perfect
so basically I told James I told James
that I got in an altercation in the
bathroom right
this guy threatened to kick my butt to
come to my house was a chainsaw and make
me regret saying things I said to him
long story short so when you come in you
need to tell him your dialogue you guys
need to talk about the dude in the
bathroom at Papa boos so we wanna I
planted the seed in this head chainsaw
angry person
dah dah dah right so basically just wait
for my text and then you start the
chainsaw on the front porch
Dallas you pop in the garage door
come at James you come closer I want you
to do the yelling right Dallas you be
aggressive I'm just gonna say I heard
you're messing my boy booze that's it
yeah yeah and I want you to like inch
closer to them with the chainsaw and
just I mean chainsaws are scared right
chainsaws are scary but when you get
like almost above him like this right
I'm gonna call be like you know I don't
know well do but hi ready I'm ready
just wait for my text huh all right
check it out we got the boom Scott you
want to do the beer bongs ah dude it's
been a kid since I'm doing one since I
did that last bill James ever do a beer
bong let's do it I'm good just drinking
the night oh yeah
well I mean you don't have to G show
already impressive thumb trick did you
yeah yeah yeah I know pretty impressive
bunker I shouldn't be guys at work dude
I couldn't do it I said I know my little
friend chase can do it my little friend
change
oh here I'll show you I'll show you
chase is attempting is awesome beer
trick I told him he's mopping the floor
or
oh god yeah James old chap I win you
knock good jobs yay it still got me I
was like oh you screamed like a little
girl that's that's a pretty impressive
screw
oh oh let's drink beer all right yeah we
just reviewed the footage from all the
cameras really quickly I had a camera
here I had a camera up on top of the
fridge I had a camera right here between
these boxes and then one right here to
catch Jay kicking in the front door
because it's so bright my heart is like
your building speed but now that it's
over footage-wise yeah yeah oh yeah but
I'm scared for my life I'm done yeah
Anna's in the prank Rico yeah okay okay
okay okay
okay we're just sitting here it's 2:30
in the morning we had a couple drinks
we hung out now it's time for I'm just
keep looking at my coffeepot
I just really want this cup of coffee
right here to be full lor at least hot
whoa that's hot morning wait for it it's
it's all steamed up well good morning
starting this day with some fruits advil
coffee and some editing last night was
very fun but it made me have a hangover
Veronica's making breakfast thank you by
the way how do you feeling today did you
have super much fun last night yeah it's
awesome huh so we're going to have some
breakfast we're finishing up our edits
listen if you want to see all of the
really cool footage from the fs700 go
check out James's vlog right James has
all the really rad footage my video as
you saw is just going to be our vlog
style raw experience from shooting gun
so we got to finish up some things get
out of here go canoeing and hopefully
get to Oldman
hopefully the old man's cave to do some
hiking and some more awesome footage so
as always thank you so much for watching
we can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
