what's up guys welcome to another day in
paradise
my name's barber and Holly back there
and Carson incursion hey Carson person's
already back from school we're gonna
take James and Holly to a place close by
close-ish called Dawes we've been there
before but James likes to get really
nice scenic photography and we're going
to take them there and show them the new
Japanese gardens opened up I haven't
seen that either so you're in for a
treat
I'm looking forward to that we're also
gonna stop by the outdoors store we're
gonna get ammo that we need for tomorrow
to shoot guns can't wait for that one
okay fun okay one thing we know we need
James is targets you want to shoot like
a regular white target let probably easy
to see I'm looking at these yeah you
want to do the zombies zombie targets
that's pretty popular right now yeah
James was just saying he's pretty taken
aback by how big they don't have big
hunting stores like this we have like
small hundred stores like shotguns and
stuff but nothing like I mean the size
of these safes there yeah like this is
our Ocean's eleven
all the new parts of Fury's or something
this big yeah you can fit a tank in
there you presume de manyu escape by a
bazooka I'm here by one what what's the
deal with what's the deal with guns in
England uh you need like a license have
your license in any son
yeah you'd have like these checks just
leaves farmers for anything to do it
maybe you can just really have like
anger air rifles and stuff huh so this
would be a real treat for you yeah yeah
I don't seem to look over here you see
this yeah Florian's
just all out in the open I know even
behind they say our bond they're behind
the counter give it they're not like
board it up right right well they're
protected trust me those guys will think
these guys are gonna let anything go
down in here where are those these are
exploding targets yeah this is gonna
make James and Holly go Wow James I
found them
blah blah blah blah is this the
exploding stuff yes don't shake it
we were saying the winner ladder
displays cigarettes right in our shops
like they are to behind like
unadvertised boards like in supermarkets
and stuff but you've really got like
just guns just hanging out everywhere
it's American yeah welcome to America
all right so here's what we got
we got the 223 this is for the ar-15
that we need to explore the shock wave
targets a 17 HMR we got some little 22
little biscuits for Holly a bunch of
nine mils cuz he's got a handgun and a
rifle to shoot my 9 millimeters and some
12-gauge shotgun shells you figure
that's enough that's a lot of ammunition
yeah it's gonna be a good day yeah we're
trying to make a good video oh it's
gonna be good
we go for exploding things here it's an
epic in slow motion yeah good
just go to now I know I want to make
sure you don't come in contact with any
of those I'm worried especially guys we
open that I'm gonna be stuffed up
blessing I just waving it is Frank we
all right we are fully prepared to have
an epic day of shooting tomorrow circus
peanuts I hope your palm dude this is so
much fun you got a lot of stuffing I
know I worked out to it split almost
like right down the middle like can we
like be careful with this just if I drop
is you're gonna go boom whatever you do
do not drop that this is the dolls
Alberico it's for the same trees and
stuff like a nature preserve it's
dedicated to education
I feel educated already all right check
this out enjoy some of the sights of the
auto tour close with
what the heck we're gonna walk back
there the Japanese garden is literally
right down this way
you
James just gave me a chance to use his
glidecam with that camera
that camera is so heavy for a glidecam
very difficult to use yeah practising
hundreds and hundreds of barbell curls
so it seems this bridge has a locked
gate on it out here in nature how are
you
so James gonna catch me in slow motion
jumping across this little gap here I
hope I make it
I made it I want to see that slow-mo
shot that was awesome
well that concludes our dolls to where I
was awesome do you like it I dread
myself got some lovely shots yeah
unfortunately I was gonna take them to
the part where there's the big tall
overlook in the secondary pond but you
can't get back there it's all closed up
sorry baby hi
it's okay I'll let your very office - no
thank you
maybe we can go back yeah before you
leave I don't know we've got exciting
the next few days is pretty exciting
we've got some fun stuff to do we took
care of all the technical filming and
editing now the next few days fun fun
fun family so before we go home we have
to get some tofu because Holly loves
tofu right Holly
vegetarian we're making actually brown
ACCA's meal for tonight is tacos I
didn't know we'd be gone all day it's
been a while yeah look the sun's going
down
Pisan lovely captured sky I know I know
you really have some tacos I'm so hungry
now I'm hungry - yeah I just say I
bought some of the hummus you see the
helmets yeah I ate it on the way back
are you hungry no I got snack right here
no well here come here and help me carry
this stuff in for daddy
James Gilroy I've got a wishbone let's
say we break it ready go ready yeah go
winner winner James chickens own dinner
does that mean your wish isn't gonna
come true Dom totally
that wasn't me wasn't me that was not me
this is toku this is I'm mushed up tofu
yeah we ground it up for taco purposes
mm-hmm
what brings you down Lord yeah yeah
we're we're having the same kind of
night we we did our filming and
everything and we spent the large
portion of this heat this morning and
early afternoon editing yeah
and then we went into filming and dogs
and stuff so yeah we're just getting
ready for tomorrow if she wants to see
all the ammo we go yeah we shooting
tomorrow
oh she's becoming you can yeah
you can't shoot my rounds unless you pay
a deposit let's be clear it's squishy
you just had a British enunciation yeah
whoa listen tacos tacos from Taco think
these ticks are clearly the past few
days I've had some he rubbing off yeah
it's your fault Pollock it's your fault
I'm sorry it's okay sorry it sounded oh
hello Mike what's got me got me got me
up she pays you need I was James and
Holly the boys are like like I've never
seen before
we're excited to like hang out with them
and talk with them stuff it's kind of
cool of course they're usually like that
with almost everyone but Carson
especially is pretty fond of them cover
dings Carson you and Terra won goodnight
my and call her
Tyrone good night someone's gotta set up
my hand returning daggers sheets
suddenly Wow
oh yeah for sure promise me tomorrow
no thanks I'll make sure whoa you tell
her I'm gonna I'm gonna pinch your
cheeks like this yeah you're not good
grandmother's nice biggest stinkiest
extinct bombs don't do it
the only reason I'm doing it is cause
it's all glass safety dinners you're
gonna cut your fingers now go bleed
everywhere know your standard done the
glass on me
please don't
so we're currently sitting in the car we
want to go get Red Bulls James Holley in
Veronica are barricaded inside the house
yet again I don't know how this one's
gonna play out they took all the
fireworks mmm I've got the stink bombs
it's kinda like a standoff Oh pick that
you're cutting dinner
that's excellent
ha ha ha ha
why betrayal
dodgeball champion
ha ha oh my god
Wow oh yes honey you're cleaning this up
my seg-y betrayal
I'm sure dodgeball champions oh my god
Wow oh yes honey you're cleaning this up
oh my god no Dallas hasn't begun or
James you're like we got sour cream for
you kid with that like we knew we've got
Annie a feeling you were back there did
you see my snapchat James ha ha I do not
listen to everything we say yep here's
thank you there's egg here ha ha ha hear
hear oh yeah yeah here here and here
little bit there over there some there
job and this is selected what to say I
don't don't tip it don't take it on TV
don't ever don't Italian all right you
guys have fun with that we did it was
that fun for you I go away pretty pretty
well of thing yeah I was like the fly on
the wall can a documentary filmmaker
dodging like well the eggs flying cause
capturing the shots without that how did
you come away both of you unscathed but
as will there's a way Gilroy someone
flung egg all over this camera - there's
like there's a piece piece right here
good morning evening cleaning cleaning
that's what's left of the dishes bottles
wash we still have the floor still got a
mop just cleaning up after pretty
exciting
are you serious Smeg
that's breath pretty fun night last
night destroying each other with some
eggs which Veronica was one you started
that actually cleaning we're getting
everything set up today's going to be a
super fun day we're going shooting it's
currently 9:42 a.m. we're supposed to go
at noon and so I need to finish this
that editing uploading the whole shebang
sure bizzle make for absolute certain
you show up tomorrow just do it this is
where we leave you guys for today thank
you so much for watching and we can't
wait to see all of you right back here
tomorrow
