good morning today we're gonna do
something fun we're gonna start off with
so you know I love biscuits and gravy
Veronica makes it from scratch however
James says the biscuits in gravy and a
hun is something that you would never
eat so we're gonna make both versions
for breakfast right now your stepdads
coming across
James is coordinating his emails
Veronica on her phone yeah for sure yes
today today we're gonna we're going to
flex our creative muscles we're gonna
make a really cool video about the
differences between and we talked about
this before James even made a video on
this channel about the difference
between our biscuits and gravy and your
biscuits and gravy
the English biscuits being cookies yeah
and gravy is like a brown gravy you
typically see for us we typically see on
like Thanksgiving or with mashed
potatoes I'm not going to like it that's
for sure but I think it would be funny
for the video if you at least tried it
and we're gonna film it like like we do
film it so that it looks really good
maybe it'll be a bit funny hopefully
he's gonna be funny yeah you're lucky
you're gonna eat a good breakfast I just
realized that I have some leftover side
print gladiator t-shirts sorry it's a
little wrinkly we'll fix it for you but
when the cat
we can what though yeah we'll fix that
we'll fix that I just wanted to see if
James can fit in a medium because that's
what I wear
but James wears this dang boy yeah look
at this you say you don't work out no no
man Holly you got some there don't ya
that's good that's not bad
I'm ready here ready James is ready mama
I've missed you yes I know you did we
needed to kind of recruit mama says she
can help us with the baby we did a video
yesterday with James and Holly with
candy right so we had all the kids try
candy and stuff but they were so loud
and talkative and it was okay but we
probably could use your assistance oh
yeah yeah how to beat him with my roll
just like the next Martha Stewart ready
- the whole you know ex-con thing yeah
when James is gluten free so we we're
making gluten-free biscuits for you
we've never done that before we don't
turn off I don't even know what it
tastes like sad Mike you can just say it
tastes hours later breakfast
don't over 3q the bowl do it again
take four good let's have a look at how
five six seven seven biscuits and gravy
being an English person these things
they don't go together and a few months
ago me and my friend we tried the
English version of biscuits and gravy
it was rather disgusting today I'm
joined with the Gilroy's and they
decided to make me the American version
of this is ready I have no idea what
this even is it doesn't resemble what we
were class is biscuits and gravy
so let's see what it is yeah yeah yeah
before I show you this this scene we've
got here Joe
so we've filmed well we made the
biscuits and gravy
our traditional biscuits and gravy we
filmed it in a beautiful professional
cinematic kind of way then we figured
like to do James's version of biscuits
and gravy it's just cookies and gravy so
had we had be creative and this is the
kind of mess we've made with cookies in
like beef gravy yeah so now it's our
point of the video where we're actually
going to try it
just wait you're gonna this videos gonna
be so funny we had to take a break from
filming so I could come to the road and
get carsick how's school dude yeah Geoff
fun oh you play with play-doh Thanks my
fingers are colored orange again that's
good
there's that baby
do you have a good nap yeah Oh James are
so are we ready to move on we filled one
cracking to crafting videos today yep
yeah we need to go fill another 50 to
keep the schedule yeah what's up Colin I
missed you dude
welcome home from school is that for me
can they keep that will call in town
from school so everyone's home now James
and I are about to go outside to shoot
you see we both have these headsets on
our Apple earpods he's got his lens
actually taped inside we're doing the
mic the wireless mic quick tip using
these ear pods super easy and then right
after that we're using let's show them
really quickly what they can say all
right all right that's gonna be a
sneaker there's another quick tip that
she's got cool is easiest way to do a
hands-free no Hahn's blogging right
thing we just count all that so easy
Jason for James that went really quickly
that was good
two videos in about 10 minutes yeah the
quick tip videos are just exactly that
they're super quick just quick little
hacks or film tricks that you can use to
you know make a difference in your in
your productions like this guy finish
with this I say we move on and do
another one yeah we got plenty of time
dude if we just keep filming all these
video clips that we need we could
technically scratch one day for four all
editing
we probably needed at least a day
brightest yeah
and pranking I was only printed out of
you yeah watch your back boy okay it's
time to send you guys in with Veronica I
can't wait to eat being yourself no I
was washing up the dishes and the spirit
got on the spinning slash mm-hmm
well enjoy cooking I will see you in a
few okay all right so miss Holly hi
she's preparing us a dinner tonight we
are doing roasted chicken and what else
are we doing with the roasted chicken
you like a typical English roast dinner
with like roasted vegetables and
Yorkshire puddings
we don't have Yorkshire please no no
don't trying to do then last my maids
and they failed miserably okay so first
I have to prepare the chicken and the
potatoes there's two things to take the
longest
are you drinking one class it's
mandatory okay well we've actually
filmed two quick tip videos they're now
gonna take the glidecam and film the
glidecam how to balance it like you know
price yes American we're going to film
more okay I'm fine
what desert are we having we're gonna
have some bow which is the right typical
British desert okay thanks like holes
with a breadcrumb topping Oh sugar
that looks clearly that girls have been
busy this house smells amazing
oh are you girls proud of us we've made
what how many by following videos today
so far us two folks now plus we're gonna
film another one in a minute mm-hmm and
we're thinking about live streaming yeah
today's one of those days we'll be like
super productive real like we don't want
to stop it like right we call that in
the zone we are when and truly this is
making the what this is for the
Yorkshire pudding you base put a bit of
oil so it covers the bottom it's quite a
lot of oil and then you just put that in
the oven to get nice and hot so it's
smoking and then you pour the batter
over the foil here we go the hot oil and
then you put it back in they have it
back in the oven for about 20 minutes
okay
or instead it looks crispy well you guys
have a look at what's been prepared for
us this evening by these two lovely
ladies all the credits given to these
two lovely ladies have a look
this is Yorkshire pudding your churn
Yorkshire pudding Yorkshire pudding cake
sized right side tins which you would
have normally round this is just a
bigger and larger one because we didn't
have the tips I can't wait to try that
definitely looks interesting
so I've roasted sweet potato and normal
potato sweet normal potatoes of care and
carrots and then broccoli and
cauliflower or cheese and a cheese sauce
roast the chicken which I've carved up
and then this is dessert right yeah
apple crumble
that's it pudding mmm enough talk I'm
sure you guys have seen how to make this
for the past few minutes of the video so
dinners over from that was so so good
the chicken was so juicy the potatoes
sweet potatoes the carrots the cheese
sauce on the broccoli and cauliflower
Yorkshire pudding that was interesting
it was good so I want to see what the
proper your charts are you supposed to
have gravy right with it okay well yeah
definitely have my fellow great today so
it is almost 10 p.m. it's time to get
these kids in bed boys yeah
not you James yours Dana no no no you
can't get out that easy okay Colin
Carson would you do me a favor and tell
our lovely law of gladiators good
evening the goal this week was to have
Holly cook a meal typical of English and
Veronica to cook a meal typical of
American but I don't think you guys want
McDonald's so why don't we just move to
have probably cook every night for the
rest of the time
this is so good really
yeah good this is the apple crumble with
vanilla ice cream today was such a good
day super productive delicious food
probably the best company I've had in
such a long time you're welcome James
old chap look at the lead light you see
it James I'm excited for this actually a
fun way to do things now that we've done
ever since they showed up and ever since
that we've been talking to each other
pretty much we have in conversation we
discover these different words or
phrases that James would say or I would
say and we both look each other like
what are you on about like so exactly
there's always this disconnect between
your native cultures languages and
phrases so that's we're about to make a
video about this project yeah so we've
reached the end of the night James
Holley these guys came came at us with
some of the most ridiculous and
incredibly unique words that I've never
heard my life welcome in three ways I
don't mean to be rude or disrespectful
it's just weird it's different it's like
English words I didn't understand the
majority of them but the point the point
is the video was super hilarious because
of how confused I was with all this
where it was funny but we're gonna do
something tonight that we haven't done
for a long long time and that is now
transitions no tomorrow morning we end
the vlog right now why because we did a
lot a lot today
eight videos eight total videos film
today and that means we've got an
equally amount a lot of editing as
always you guys thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
