what's up guys welcome to our day we're
setting up our shots for the new candy
video and all our candies were getting
ready to try we've got another two shots
set up you know it's a lot better having
two cameras and James I gotta say I have
a bit of camera envy yeah this thing is
super awesome I don't know if I
mentioned but this is this the Sony
fs700 it's a pretty amazing camera
obviously you can mount around lenses
he's got a meta bone speed booster on
here which increases the speed of your
lenses by one whole stop and it helps
you adapt so like this is a Sony camera
using Canon lenses so he's got a cannon
mount
it's nice it's good yeah so I'm trying
to figure out how to mount our wireless
pack just for another audio source here
at the edge of the table and then we'll
be shooting and then we'll be raw
shooting here lately Holly's kind of
been our stand-in yeah we're using her
test levels lighting composition
you're doing good Holly honey you look
great back there too you really do look
fantastic with the baby and everything
I'm serious so this is gonna be fun
we're actually gonna sit down and just
record us so eloquently just tasting
candy sweets and we're gonna do this
separately so like on the channel you
should see this within a day maybe
a couple of days our video on our
channel will be us trying the English
Suites in on James's channel he'll put
up a video him and Holly trying the
American can I'm looking forward to it
yeah yeah I purposely they're not eating
anything today
ready to fill my belly yeah well I hope
you don't puke from it because it's
gonna be all for sure yeah I'm gonna
devour everything okay so we had to take
a quick little break to have veronika
feed the babies of the babies okay for a
while we're filming clearly Eliza won't
be trying any of the candy but now she
needs to be happy for the video bigger
are you ready James I'm ready James
James and Holley up first they're gonna
try the American candy first and then of
course it's our turn we just wrapped on
the first shoot this is our bag pulled
candy wrappers and trash and James in
the belly
what did you think what was your
favorite chocolate it's very much like
galaxy miss galaxy chocolate but it's
not as good as galaxy no like that
swedish fish was good yeah very much
like Maltesers and the Junior Mints
oh the Junior Mints were good yeah can't
go wrong with mint and chocolate no yeah
so now it's our turn we're gonna be
puking in the backyard here shake it
yeah we gonna do a livestream yes
try Eliza try it what's that taste thang
hope don't give that baby any more sugar
she's gonna be like foot but now foot
mode now worried I know I was
disappointed I was hoping to get James
with some really sour candies so you did
the whole face pucker
some more heads I know I really sour we
literally just ate probably a pound of
chocolate each on top of candy covered
in sugar with more chocolate yeah those
two videos will probably be the most
hectic videos ever filmed here because
of the amount of energy that's been
injected into the talent involved
that was crazy that was good fun good
candy though yeah I was gonna go on the
trampoline but I'm afraid that yeah I
don't ever see you again no no no no it
was uh it was a fun experience one that
I'll probably soon never experience
again
I don't think about candy until like it
because we still got a lot ok killer
just let this camera inside
I'm setting up the the gear for the
livestreams and I'm gonna tell you guys
I'm dead serious
never have I ever felt this way after
eating candy so much holy cow yeah the
kids are trying to eat more I can't
focus someone doing right now I feel
like so we just finished streaming right
now we're playing some call of duty
zombies which is always fun not very
good at it but we'll get better we're
also gonna maybe try our hand at which
later
everyone seems to be like on the fence
of whether YouTube is the best which is
the best
I don't really know so we're gonna find
out for ourselves first hand everyone's
kind of still hanging out here in the
comments section thank you and these
guys thank you guys everyone for showing
up you guys totally Rock pizza's here
though and I'm gonna brownies James
how's the gluten free it's good is it at
a party a strange thing to do is to have
ketchup with it
actually I just noticed in that it is
kind of strange but yes no wait a second
ketchup is tomato and pizza sauce is
also tomato so maybe that's not so
strange well why do you need extra what
you put ketchup on everything you really
do I've seen this do put ketchup on
everything
hmm strange thing you have a alvin's
almonds almonds and your Hawaiian we
don't you do I don't
company around cinnamon yeah cinnamon
goes on it Rose my mind really haha
James wants me to try catch up with my
pizza Belgian just humor me he looks
like this little teeny-tiny squirt
that's a good amount of ketchup
that's a fair test right just gonna blow
your mind you let me thinking boy we're
not doing this before
nah yeah you should try cinnamon on your
Hawaiian how much you've never tried
some just a sprinkle have them a
porridge cinnamon and porridge oatmeal
oatmeal yeah Corey and me Oh Melvin why
don't you say oh is it not oats we could
eat porridge Neil it's a meal of oak was
a breakfast
how much do I put on see just just let
me show you
yeah that's good yeah that's good no
it's not too much no yes I have it with
the almonds yeah I don't care for for
the almonds on
they're a big mouthful
it's nice though adds a little flavor
this sweetens like the pineapple it does
notice how the aftertaste of the
pineapple it was like more of a kick
tasty mo we've both learned something
new today
yeah remember how much trouble I had
when I was trying to install this plugin
for open broadcast I couldn't get it so
frustrating because I find out from my
new friend Norman here Norman say hello
that winzip was screwing the whole thing
up pretty much discarding an entire
level of the via bio structure but now
we have the video settings to do exactly
what I wanted to do in the first place
so Norman Norman big thank you my friend
he was awesome we're all watching
James's video Veronica's giggling like
oh my gosh I can't believe this
James captured a bigger portion of the
sneaking around the outside of the house
than I got so make sure you go over to
his channel and watch his video from
yesterday definitely worked out better
mine was kind of like the oh crap what
happened this is my kind of a Blair
Witch Project yeah three windows yeah
snooping around the house oh so much
porn you can't have any more fun than
that really I gotta go over to your
mom's money and help her with a printer
real quick okay is that okay with
everyone that's me I'm kind of the tech
support guy for the entire family so
you saved the world one printer at a
time
scared ya oh I'm like so over the
cautious peek through the door just ruin
everything
someone should set my tripod up so worse
watches first yeah wait wait wait that's
how friends do it from my heart sit on
my face Oh cute
yeah to block but it missed it missed
the target and hit your tooth they've
already been that close to your mouth
well that was interesting
okay so we're gonna have to get rid of
the shaving cream so we can have some
fun with some other house please
please do oh go ahead was it Barone
because I did for the record
shaving cream unexpectedly is not really
a prank nothing to prank or try to
deceive me oh well you better be more
resourceful before I come full force on
euchre Frank we do this together
I did help me in I just didn't film it I
didn't want people to be weird I say by
l.b yeah yeah well give me hugs good
night sleep tight buddy carzy can we
have hugs mmm
once you tell the gladiators the
gladiators gonna like the remains of
what could have been an awesome war zone
but I'm really I'm left like really
discouraged my buddy Norman hopped on
and helped me figure out how to get that
plug-in installed and helped me with
some streaming stuff but in the middle
of trying to go live on Twitch something
happened between the capture card or
that piece of crap Windows computer
it won't work every time I try to
activate this the scene that holds the
Elgato the capture card everything locks
up 3:40 a.m. but we've really been up
for that well yeah please punch me in
the face so I'll finally go to sleep
you love in Bundoran face well yeah I
mean that's what friends do in England
right all the time surely like watch I'm
gonna do a loop watch we're just gonna
go around the circle I'll be right back
I'll be right back Oh where's it going
good morning buddy
yeah it's okay let me fix you up I need
some coffee man this is it's early bye
honey have fun love you do me good we
already missed showing you call and get
on the bus because one of those scramble
morning get him ready fed out the door
on the bus before it leaves geez
brainy marshmallow flavor carving on the
boxes we got kind of off-track yesterday
because we the plan was to go shooting
guns and all that stuff but my brother's
place is kind of torn up right now
because they're doing some work on his
bathroom so he said his entire bathroom
was outside on his back porch which you
know I don't want to bring friends over
and him have his whole entire house torn
up so we gotta wait till Friday to do
that not sure if I mentioned that
so you've got a couple reviews to shoot
today we're gonna try again with the
twitch livestream it was very
frustrating that whole encoding process
is very tricky but I think I got I think
I got everything sorted out last night
also I think this morning we're gonna go
ahead and try James and I are gonna have
biscuits and gravy I'm gonna try the
English equivalent of biscuits and gravy
while Veronica
cooks for James our biscuits are great
sausage biscuits in gravy
but when you catch up on this prank game
I might have a little couple cards up my
sleeve
alright guys as always thank you so much
for watching and we can't wait to see
all of you right back here tomorrow
you
