what's up guys welcome to today a
beautiful absolutely beautiful Monday
look at this enormously long list that
we have written down because our film
schedule
Monday Tuesday was a Thursday Friday
Saturday we've got a lot to do so the
plan today is to do some filming but I
don't know if I told you guys I showed
you but the pool is green again
it's green we the cord that we use to
run out here for the pump we had to give
back to Jay and Vicky's so that they
could take it to Bristol with them and
they just came back and brought back to
us so now we can hook the pump up I
should probably buy one I just haven't
so I got to change the filter and shock
the pool and all that good stuff what do
you think James does it look I think
it's almost ready it looks a little
green this you'll get me back no maybe
maybe not I don't know all right
you are you going town yeah let's go
before we go to Kroger since pants is
closed we probably have done this
anyways but before we go to Kroger we're
going to get some delicious Chinese food
we all have to order it first and then
come back for it but this is a good spot
games this is a really good spot yummy
yummy I know right
it's this way okay well we um if you
have ever seen this amount of candy in
one place before
I don't know
sweet okay yeah yeah this is our cookie
aisle cookie cookie cookie cookie cookie
biscuits well hang with me I know this
is hard but look Chris all candy
Christmas candy candy candy candy all
the way to the end candy candy candy
candy
we have schedules I'm starburst yeah and
Haribo I think that's it really sour
patch kids have you ever had swedish
fish no oh we ever had Junior Mints no
oh ha all right we're gonna get some
candy now look all right so here's what
we got so far
almond joys Risa cuffs candy corn
whoppers ups personal favorite turkey
stuff swedish fish sour patch Junior
Mints and some gear daily chocolate now
there are other commonly eaten
you know like American candies but James
has already had them we walked past
Twinkies and I was like tell me you
haven't had a Twinkie but he already has
it's not here no no it's not not yeah I
had two of them much yeah but you can't
you can't fake your first he's out
Twinkie I think I filmed it I didn't
know maybe he did yeah yeah last year on
your channel it was cool like English
guy eats Twinkie haha what's up heard of
it
of all change
we've got our yummy yummy and our candy
are you excited for a full belly for the
rest of the day I know we should
definitely eat this before we eat the
candy for sure so this is our day and
nice we're easing into our filming we've
got two different segments to film today
and tomorrow is even more tactful when
are we gonna have time to mess with each
other hmm oh yeah you already songs and
then lots against uh I hope you approve
good snicker well he already had
stickers I didn't want to get things
that he already had because that were
different purpose you discovery please
no I've never I think that one maybe
maybe tried one but all the rest is like
bleep noon to me he was like what's an
airhead yeah it tastes like a taffy
coffee toffee
no no not off it what happy this is
gonna be so fun holy everyone would have
your fortune cookies you tap them all
together
alright let's see hoping against fortune
there's a fortune in it inside you guys
see that he who throws mud loses ground
he's handsome but not overly sensitive
Oh me pleasures ahead huh plan for many
pleasures
that's a promising boy Joe's time for
many pleasures that you can eat the
cookie James I'll split it well he's got
like another five-week road trip ahead
of us why that's a good one mine not so
much yeah yeah well yes please
want me to be your model yes please I
like to have a look so we're going to do
a two shot interview here's one camera
oh dang I framed that nicely look at
that already focus was slightly off
stand still
boom that looks good we're about the
same height right yeah see here let's
take this phone yeah
dude the the bokeh on this is beautiful
that looks awesome
bokeh background this one's slightly
blurred but still mostly in focus more
of a wide shot and a tighter shot am I
gonna have this that's right diffuse so
that the light there's light coming
through the trees and I don't want all
that distraction that light distraction
here we lookin good James nice time
shooting interview I guess a while chase
is doing the interview James is running
the camera and holly's watching so I'm
gonna go do a little little have a
little fun with them so we're gonna
scare James and Halle as he's doing the
interview with some of these Dallas is
gonna help me
I had these headphones injured how loud
that was my ears wait where do you shoot
guns tomorrow yeah ha ha ha yes yes yes
yes yes yes yes that scare you James
yeah
headphones and explosions you didn't
even see it Holly saw it first and she
was like I just backed away insane thing
just I don't know I thought that was
like a war kicking off over there
7-minute nose missiles flying yeah oh
that's one for Gill zero for James ha ha
ha no we just finished with the the
legends of Awesome interview shoot what
do you think look terrible
nice I like your vote of confidence
really good it sounded good look good
yeah you guys you got an awesome video
coming away oh you know what matter of
fact just to give you a little taste of
what this looks and sounds like I'll
post a little a little bit on my tags to
profile just to keep that going you know
the end of the month is coming up and
that texta contest is almost over we
want to give away the gopro hero4 so
make sure you check out this new little
clip of our interview it's gonna look
even hotter gopro hero4 you want it yeah
who doesn't want to gave her hair at all
Holly's going
I know Holly's going oh I got one I
don't have one do you have one I don't
have one these guys I don't and I'm
trying to give you one exactly
alright let's move on uh the rest of the
night
we're probably gonna chill for a minute
charge some batteries dump our footage
and get ready for which I'm really
excited for the candy sweets just sweets
junk chocolate sweets candy we still
have some leftover bubble solution from
kahlan's party James giving it a shot
it's really hard to do in the wind flick
as soon as you pull it out the wind is
like blows it away johani big bubble oh
whoa
Ellis has pulled out the rip stick the
truck we're just trying to have fun kill
some time before I do the candy video
and we did some trampoline and we did
some big bubbles now we're going to see
if James can handle the rip stick I
would start with your back foot on this
side instead of that's craziness oh yeah
let's avoid the trip to the hospital if
we can you got it oh I don't know if I
could do any better you have a list like
a secret um we have prepared list
anything why are you holding this like
it was a top secret like a lacy minor Oh
carrots potatoes
you're gonna starch me to death huh Wow
so we just got done literally playing
this whole table of bubbles which
Veronica's gonna make more yes we're
gonna do some cool bubble shots I think
in the midst of all our other stuff but
we got to go to the store now I get food
a couple of the videos we're doing this
week is Holly's going to cook
a meal that is typical of English and
veronik is going to cook a typical
American meal which wait to see what she
cooks and blow your mind we came to the
mall for something I'm not gonna mention
but come across this hurricane simulator
I'm gonna put James in it right now I'm
Street mother so you know you don't all
right we're gonna do this James is about
to get hit with a hurricane hey let's
see if that windscreen really works bro
you
seventy-eight
that is that's like a test for Happold
oh I know look at you
battle pretty look like you fell on your
head are you done being in Walmart yeah
well we're done we're done we're finally
checking out we're done took forever
couldn't find tofu James it's all your
fault we can find tofu yeah she's the
one who thought I would never eat open
now Carson I don't want you to freak out
okay let me look in the car next to us
over here it's Santa he's off duty but
there he is I think I knew they'd be up
to something
we sat here talking in the car and I
just heard fireworks go off inside like
a bunch of idiots that's right
did you hear that
oh you Carson Nikhil this you this means
it's black magic they want war we'll get
more run we're safe we're safe guys are
in the Jeep I can't touch us in here so
I've been under a duvet literally I'm
not even joking literally we're standing
here talking of our conversation before
you walk inside I hear a firework pack
go off inside the house Carson opens the
door and gets bombarded with some
whipped cream or shaving cream you
and then while we're investigating that
moron
while we're investigating that someone
throws more fireworks from back there
James we're smattering had a long
conversation and otherwise would have
been hit twice are under fire right now
hope you read this what Carson this is
the absolute worst time to have here the
bad old mom hello you can't hide forever
oh there's Colin
okay get the key Colin oh he's all
playing we're not gonna tell him
nope cuz he'll take the key what are you
doing honey come on in you made it
this is getting serious dad your your
door honey you gotta learn to not mess
with me
damn I'm Dallas ain't behind my Jeep
cause if he is I just where we going
come on through the backyard
what's the idea I know this land better
than anyone you go with friends huh
there's a foyer
oh my word oh we need something
better
you sound done we're second here you buy
some smoke bombs yeah watch my back
where's he going now dad's come Colin's
peeking through that glass window
basically they can reload he really
stole the fireworks Dallas had just
noticed that the fire hooks have been
stolen see we have a lot of ammunition
now mess with tables of turn they missed
the wrong way boy oh oh no no she on the
curtains where are we goin I is the
question here's what we're gonna do okay
I'm Alisa this car is a dead giveaway
yes part of the road a moment okay okay
we sneak back
under the cover of night with our
ammunition which we freshly stolen and
if we need to okay she did some
shrubbery make a ghillie suit I'm a
super like mud I'm a survivor dude
Call of Duty is paid off
you got it James I said joke the laser
that was a serious war here yeah that
was a covert operation I know that was
good
you broke your knee go go only a little
bit
you definitely got all day put GoPros
still rolling Eliza's away good you guys
did a number on perfectly cuz I was
training his face that he tucked oh my
gosh tricky tricky you were the main
accomplice Dallas now you're involved
why did you do that was so stupid that
was fun this is we come home they were
ready for us with whipped cream
fireworks and stuff we barricade
ourselves in the Jeep and then I
eventually all your ammunition
you know this hit me I was laying right
beside the Jeep and you guys didn't even
know it
yeah that's probably bad idea Jane this
is day one for Frank
Schwarz
did you come oh you think that's funny
huh ah
this is haha
it just keeps getting better and better
hi guy my camera has been on this
counter through most of this whole
ordeal where do I even start
I don't know I don't even know what my
last clip is I feel like I need to check
the camera my last clip after the first
encounter I think it started about two
hours ago yeah that was a two-hour
bathroom yeah we go I went we both lost
we covertly took the Jeep down the
street and came down here to ambush the
house we get in James gets a pie Dallas
takes me to the Jeep so that I can ring
it back I come in and then we have
another scalp where James pies me and
then you'll find out soon enough
what Dallas got because he started whole
thing with the shaving cream yeah maybe
you'll find out soon enough but uh as
you can see I got hot again I think I
got most of the covert operation yeah
yeah okay so between both of our videos
the thing we've got decent coverage of
everything so what it what I'm lacking
on my video you can see on James's video
James's channel of course barb Stern 360
link in the description you guys I don't
know if I've ever been so covered in
whipped cream I mean shaving cream James
thank you so much for that by the way
I thought we were boys do I still a
bunch we have a little bit on your head
well don't just nope oh oh
James no
good morning I'm out of coffee need some
more more of that so clearly last night
got a little bit crazy it was a lot of
fun almost being like a kid again but
clearly our shenanigans delayed our film
schedule so we didn't get to shoot our
candy video last night because you know
you don't want to feed kids candy before
they go to bed on a school night so it's
quite early I have to get the editing
done so that we can progress through our
day and get everything done but no
worries James and I are very efficient
so I'm not worried at all oh that's all
I got for you guys today thank you so
much for watching we can't wait to see
right back here tomorrow
