look at this you guys
arrow move through the galaxy galaxy
galaxy bar they're showing us English
candy that we're going to be trying
sweets take home and look who's home the
kids are home yay hey boys did you have
fun yeah good good I'm gonna say hi to
James give them big fat high-five tell
him what's up dude hey olan disappeared
into the bathroom this is the kids first
meeting with James are you gonna try
some this is candy from England right
you're gonna try some with us yeah we're
gonna do a special dedicated video to
that taste test I'm gonna go and get
some of our favorite candies so they can
try yeah our candies make me hyper yeah
Colin's showing off his iPod oh yeah
real dragon I know he's training them
he's feeding them yep there's like a
full life happening in there look at
this I'm busy working on the computer
trying to get this stupid video player
plug-in installed for up and broadcast
so we're gonna do something cool tonight
for the streaming I can't get it to work
it's driving me crazy
James and Holly and Veronica just went
to the store to get some food we're
gonna have a little cookout Scott
Lindsey are here okay with the kids
we're gonna have a cookout and then just
enjoy the night
and do a live stream game players we so
call they're finally back from the store
and they look over all of his up - she's
cutting this is a spaghetti squash never
had spaghetti squash before peppers me
zucchinis they're gonna punch the
chicken we're doing courgette yeah
zucchini is courgette we're learning so
much it's such a good experience we're
doing kebabs on the grill chicken kebabs
so we're gonna actually have to do
it's safe to say that we just filmed the
lighting of the grill and the most
romantic intimate it was super butter
with this little 3d there are three axis
gimbal I gotta say I love that thing
we're gonna do a review on that James
yeah
yeah yep this is like the perfect time
because we're shooting in slow yeah with
smooth shops we have flames this amazing
yeah now we're gonna do some slow-mo
1080 trampoline flips but this thing's
gonna catch us so good you know what
this is the same exact camera that I'll
be giving away on tag sir if we get to
5000 whoa hit hard and I followed so
many people back my fingers hurt I
literally spent two hours early this
morning going through that feet and
falling everybody I haven't got to yet
please be patient I will get to my
problem
look Nana's whole fresh back from
Bristol I'll bet that was fun
would you look who showed up look at
this guy really I know that means it's
tea from Long Island there's been
ongoing debate about how to pronounce
kebab to babaca bad bad barber kebab he
says he says kebab and our google says
kebab spongebob haha thing mostly
through this but it's taking forever and
we're running out of steam on our
charcoal unfortunately I'm gonna have to
take the rest of this over to Vicki and
Jays grill so we can finish that's all
the rest of them boom right there
nice nice nice take it so long my little
charcoal grill not anything against my
charcoal grill but not meant for cooking
for a lot of people in the words of my
good friend James Barbour something
bad's just happened this isn't like
dropping a g7x dude this is not fake
that's my face James I'm not gonna do
well you all think I'm gonna do which is
this buddy whoa spider-man
alright let's clean up now tiny Billy
business she's the one that devised the
plan to get you in the spot to get
creamed okay but you know this war I'm
gonna go ahead and invoke right now in
front of all of you
prank week we blame blame don't worry
you have a lock on your door it's
perfectly fine but I'm the homeowner so
I I know you guys enjoy your daily dose
of allies oh look at her she's playing
with toys on the floor she didn't want
to be alone
mommy fed her why now I'm taking care of
baby while she take it take it take it I
want to first say yeah he said no but
seriously though I want to say thank you
sir for coming over here you know with
us for our barbecue you know yeah this
is my thumbnail tomorrow this is me
Bailey dawn I apologize for your dad's
long gray beard presents free yeah okay
so it took a little bit of time but we
got everything set up right here the
laptop the microphone the webcam the new
webcam it's the first run for the webcam
and we actually made some custom while
you're signing in with your gamertag
yeah nice nice but we made some custom
graphics for the livestream to see how
that works and it's the first run for
that too oh man and we're ready we're
ready mm-hmm
there's all the gladiators right in
there watching these girls play games
say hi in the comments everyone what's
up
I feel bad because it's like super late
at night so the girls are on round 2 of
their battle and then we'll get back
into this and play a couple more rounds
and then probably finish this one up
James what did you think that was so
much fun it is fun right yeah there were
some issues some technical issues with
the audio I think what it was that I was
trying to monitor the audio through
headphones on the YouTube page and that
made this looping yeah yeah because I
want to hear it like I have no way to
monitor what it sounds like and I'm a
big fan of monitoring Auto audio so that
was kind of dress balls thank you guys
if you're watching for putting up with
that hey do you think you're gonna be up
for a few yeah I'm about to go to bed I
think
but wait let me why don't you just
charge the camera yeah
this morning I'm still edited I know
BOTS they were there earlier I
appreciate you taking care of my camera
no worries but now it's time to see the
baby breakfast see baby lies is very
hungry she was very hungry in the
morning
she's patiently waiting for food feed me
oh you guys are eating like kings this
morning with you and Frank new granola
yesterday yogurt I should make something
like that but I got a few the baby first
maybe lies as fully satisfied with her
breakfasts I've got my nice hot cup of
coffee but I wanted to remind you James
that revenge
it's a dish best served cold don't be
afraid I won't hurt you
yeah I'll be the guy in the hallway at
night you did that's perfect I wish I
could have seen that he's all scared no
what have we done so I hope you guys
enjoyed the livestream last night it was
a bit difficult but figuring out like
there's certain encoding things that we
need to work on but that's not for you
to concern yourself with it was a lot of
fun at least just playing games with
James hey that rhymed games with James
that could be it that could be a channel
games with James go you're on there
right there yeah
so we are actually we're poised to
actually start shooting a couple videos
today you may have seen on the table out
here some of this candy alright so we're
gonna shoot what we have to go get some
American candy for James to try and then
me and Veronica and hopefully the boys
we're gonna try each other's candies and
give our two cents about it so that's
gonna be very fun we've got some reviews
to shoot we've got some interviews to
shoot we've got some scenic nature style
very well done videos to shoot let's
just say the rest this week is gonna be
very fun very productive it may be a
little bit hilarious that my friends is
where I think we're gonna leave you for
today I can't say I was surprised with
the shaving cream to the face but that
open
Pandora's box for sure so as always guys
thank you so much for watching I can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
