what's up guys welcome to today a
beautiful Saturday it's halfway over
honestly but hey what do you know
Veronica is getting ready to go to my
parents know Kira's house they're having
a meeting about going on this vacation
trip together as you know when we go to
the Outer Banks it's usually a bunch of
us I'm gonna get these huge houses and
that's how it's always been
but you're going to the meeting because
I'm still waiting for James and Holly to
show up however I might actually run in
town get a couple things are you gonna
stay with Grandma Liza you go stay with
Grandma she loves that toy Weiss is
gonna stay with my mom and Colin a
Carson is gonna stay with Kyra so for
tonight's first meet up with James and
Holly it's just gonna be us and if
everything goes according to plan
I'm gonna take them to this really cool
into summer party that my friends are
having and it should be pretty dope I
just hope I want them to get here before
it starts getting dark because I want to
be able to film it and have fun make a
big deal yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah give
me hugs I will miss you have a good
night
be good okay yeah that's cute hey Colin
hugs hugs buddy okay
don't stay on your iPod all night got me
no yeah not all night please
give me kisses oh I love you baby I love
you sweetheart
and you know you're not putting the
water in there so it leaks all over your
stuff I'll see you in a few love you
love you so I decided to come into town
real quick for Holly and James arrived
still have about 40 minutes I think I
need to get a webcam
I'm gonna settle for a webcam to do
these livestream games live streaming
gameplay videos
because like I wanted to use the gh4
because of its amazing quality but it
requires me to get this it's like a
black magic studio Rick quarter box it's
like a hundred and they have money
Amazon for 137 bucks and even if I get
that it's still not guaranteed that the
Mac will be able to stream it so
I'm just gonna get a webcam for us to do
I want to try and do it maybe late
tonight but if we don't get to it
tonight we're gonna definitely do a
livestream tomorrow or today as you're
watching this so keep an eye on my
Twitter to be updated if we're gonna do
the live stream game and
and that that's gonna be a lot of fun
but I want to talk about this party that
we're gonna go to but I don't because if
we don't end up going I don't want to
get you guys too excited but what I hear
from what I hear
it's nice to be pretty pretty awesome
there's our guy
I'm only getting a cheap webcam with no
microphones because you know I'm gonna
be using the Yeti Blake do your do your
deal this is Blake he helps me out every
time I come to Best Buy probably the
best worker they got I'm gonna push for
you to get a promotion Thanks
yeah for real I don't really have any
extra time to get foods and I gotta go
through the old drive-through I'm pretty
bored waiting can't just sit still
I got a tryout this little webcam real
quick and make sure everything looks
good look at this little thing it's like
a little it's just a little guy it's
full 1080 - all right guys look who
finally showed up James and Halle Lane
yes we've already brought their luggage
in and we've already kind of talked a
little bit they're hungry so we're gonna
do some food
yeah sorry buddy Gill was gonna show me
the ways of the steak you want steak
all right perfect I know exactly but
first what we need to know is are you
guys down after we eat - go and have a
little bit of fun that's the spirit
all right yeah I was just talking about
how we get to this place normally this
is where I would pull on my vlog camera
and start vlogging but James beat me to
it
this is how it's gonna be the whole week
gonna be loud quick draw no it's vlog
etiquette that's the thing it's perfect
I should know I love you Matt I'm glad
you're here let's get some steak look at
our meal
we have a vegetarian and I'm with Holly
in a steak house I do a followed it was
this idea though this steak is good
thank you for day one thank you
taken over we recorded we recorded good
all right now you can see the lights on
my camera sucks in the darkness but
James just took around it beautiful any
lost it's okay though I know you don't
play a very over he's from Somerset dude
yeah so we're back home we do apologize
we didn't really blog a whole lot party
for me is super dark you probably
wouldn't be able to see it James
actually got the Pokemon
those are mine dude can we trade I'm
gonna trade pok√©mon to you about
calling like that look you like those
card tricks let me show you a magic
trick ready okay we're just what the
wave money in from the camera unlikely
magic yeah what's gonna happen just wait
for it watch watch watch
what are you think it actually worked
yeah look for real impressive that yeah
and all of a sudden you feel a hundred
percent completely refreshed from like a
full night's sleep all by the wave in my
hands one second no no even one second I
doubt so once incluso
what say we go
oh you are I change too they know we're
gonna go and get some bacon and eggs and
make some breakfast an American
breakfast American breakfast just wait
James bigger you get wait till you get
some biscuits and gravy James was just
telling me that for breakfast usually
has baked beans
just maybe with a sausage and bacon
babies babies cry friend we have all of
those things but not drives me
that sounds good but we're gonna have
eggs and bacon and sausage and Southwest
style hashbrowns that means they're
spiked chef get back on the grill today
look at this we got our bacon I know
you're gonna be proud of me or not we're
not cooking it in the microwave that's
all because I couldn't find the dish
like gone there we go
brown shirt and maple sausage Southwest
hash browns and eggs you're in for a
treat my friend yeah well unfortunately
for Holly this is an awful lot of meat
some of it doesn't need meat
but I got some strawberry some oatmeal
look at that breakfast James I'm sorry
to wait for you I devoured them good
yeah some strawberries what's a good
Holly I tend to cook really good stuff
actually yeah so how can you do this
create all week yeah yeah that's good do
you have a menu no I can make one that'd
be good the breakfast is over James is
about to start editing
James ends his vlogs at night whereas
mine on tomorrow yeah these guys yeah I
know it is weird I'm probably the only
one who does it like that yeah look
that's my actual format you need yeah
it's different but for us like this week
right yeah it's gonna be difficult if we
have things to do and I say okay we're
gonna do this today we need to wake up
early and go how am I gonna edit and
upload if we wake up early go you could
half edit the night before that's true
but it would still take at least 30
minutes to export and then 30 minutes to
upload hmm yeah so it's quite possible I
might actually start ending the vlogs at
night so
and edit at night and we can wake up and
do things because we're today's planning
day we're gonna plan all the things
we're gonna do this week what videos
we're gonna make and what days the best
day to shoot those and go and explore
and all kinds of fun stuff James we're
gonna canoe we're gonna shoot guns we're
gonna make videos we got a little pond
yeah that's what today's what allow us
to get it I might have to say longer
than a week so yeah
Veronica I went to go get the boys
analyzed obviously they stayed the night
last night
Carson and Eliza stay at my mom's call
and stayed with Kiran they had a big
meeting about what to expect for
vacation coming up in two weeks so
that's where the kids were last night I
don't know if explained it and yeah so
we had fun the kids are on their way
home James and Holly's gonna shower and
edit we're all gonna get ready and do
some fun stuff so sorry if today's video
is a little short and crazy but you know
you have that as always thank you guys
so much for watching I can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
