I know I scared of proof out of you
what's up guys welcome to today another
day in the life of a Gilroy you're going
stop they're going to pick up pollen
after they drop off the other case yeah
right so we're getting ready for James
and Holly to show up and this is the
basement it's kind of dark kind of damp
and just who wants to stay in a basement
that's what I'm that's where I'm at
there's spiders down there big ones so I
thought instead here's what we're going
to do this is our accommodations for
James and Holly we're going to take baby
Liza's room okay I'm actually going to
disassemble the crib take it out there
into my bedroom and put it up in my room
and then make this James and Holly's
room right it's on the top floor they
have a door they can close when the kids
get up for school they won't be bothered
chances are we'll all probably wake up
at the same time anyway but I want to
give them a nice comfortable space and
I'll probably bring a desk up here too
because I know James is going to want to
edit maybe I want to edit late late
night and I can send them a little desk
here too you know
to edit on so this whole entire crib
comes apart with just this no power
tools no hand screwdriver deals just
this
okay cribs done now I need to get that
desk there's a small desk that I used to
use down the basement and I want to
bring up here for this room need to get
rid of that stuff but I can't carry that
desk by myself I need somebody I need
somebody to help me lift something heavy
Veronica took the boys over to Cathy's
her stepmom Cathy they just came back
from their their wedding anniversary
vacation and they're visiting and I
guess they got souvenirs and stuff so
I'm waiting for her to get back but I
think we're pretty much ready for James
and Holly I'm super excited too we've
got we've got a couple challenge videos
we're gonna film that's going to be
ridiculously funny I think you guys are
not like them a lot but another thing of
my list of chores to complete is the
yard got him with a grass look at that
grass it's weird
can I help you here I'll get this okay
would you bring me pizza it's boots or
nod and yams they're Jim's
yeah what about it
oh that's weird
Oh a cat's eye Oh cats I really yeah
I'm just playing I'm I'm getting this
bathroom ready
this bathroom ready for my friends you
know when I have people come say I like
to be a good host make sure they have
everything they need they're gonna have
this is gonna be like hotel bathroom
right I'm gonna have like little soups
you know they can use and stock this
with towels and washcloths you know make
it feel like home for them
I mean traveling across halfway across
the world has to be pretty rough
remember how I told you how to move this
desk and I needed some help
Dali's got my back holds open so we're
just moving this little desk my friend
this one here well if you have money cuz
the basements cold man there's a little
you slept down here for a while what
about the spiders that's the big promise
iodine problems with the spiders Yeah
right I came downstairs and snapchat a
picture of you with a giant spider
coming out of your ear oh
I swear on my life in it well house
thanks for help me dude I feel like
we're obligated to tell everyone why we
didn't but we realized I realized late
that the pools were closing and we
pretty much run out of time for that
unless we break into a place and do it
in like a hotel we could stop at a hotel
on the way down to North Carroll
and he was gonna wear your bathing suit
actually he told me that not only gonna
work because he tried it on oh geez okay
call of duty zombies has gone to his
head
yeah so we didn't we didn't get to do
his embarrassment video anyone want to
suggest an alternative you still want to
do something crazy we are going to the
beach we'll have fun on vacation oh I
saw something I want to try and do a
backflip on flat or a front flip on the
background do it on vacation too right
now right here Dallas and Sarah are
coming with us to the beach to the Outer
Banks are you pumped or what yeah yeah
what you guys come of them like would
that you guys really go down on Friday
gonna be down there on Friday but we're
staying with my cousin Friday night
Saturday we're going down Saturday night
oh really hey thirty yeah we're gonna
drive down and stay with her cousin he
was here and stayed with us or we just
wish you wouldn't be an hour away from
beach so yeah we can see her again you
and I live to drive an hour on axle
check-in day my birthday remember
forgive me 23:24
so I'm up early this morning I'm
following through I'm doing all my
follows that came in through the tag
suppose so if you don't know if you
didn't see it on my tax account I'm
doing a follow spree until the end of
the month so if you go onto my tags to
profile all the stuffs in the
description and comment your preferred
social media on my latest post I'm going
to follow you back on whatever social
media media you put in there and that's
what I'm doing right now and
unfortunately it's taking forever but
look I mean I'm following through oh
there's so many different ones that I
need to go through and I don't want to
lose my place but this is like a
full-time job
she usually takes a nap in the morning
like she'll wake up have a bottle play
for a little bit and then she wants to
go back to sleep
typical girl right so one of the things
I need to do today right now is actually
mow the grass it's it's pretty it's
pretty wild and I'm going to use j0 turn
so it's always polite when you use
someone else's mower to fill up the gas
tank so we're going to go get some
gasoline or petroleum I just came back
from getting gas so lean petroleum it's
time to mow gas or up you know I'm
pretty excited for James and Holly to be
here James being a fellow vlogger Phil a
filmmaker I like to surround myself with
people who have the same interests as I
do and we're gonna have a lot of fun
we're going to get a lot of cool videos
made and I'm sure you guys will get to
see all of it actually I was also
thinking about maybe bring him back the
the old prank week while they're here
spice things up a bit you know now that
I'm thinking of it how about by a show
of thumbs-up if we should do this prank
week while they're here I think it'll be
fun whoa hot all right let's say we get
this mo and done
you know what really amazes me how how
quick work is done on these zero turns I
might have to buy one someday we're not
done yet we still got a we'd eat I mean
we'd whack whichever you want to call it
and then the outside work is over oh all
right
I just finished weed whacking and I'm
breaking up some of this heavy stuff
that I just mowed down and I came across
pretty incredible discovery check this
out check this out it's a bat and it's
still alive seriously
look at the bloody on her really
have no idea what I should do I should I
don't want to just leave him here his
wings have little holes in them I don't
see any injuries
he's so cute aside from being a vicious
nocturnal predator I don't know what to
do just set him in this tree and
hopefully he'll hopefully he'll make it
here get you on this branch
climb on that branch buddy you knew it
grab on you got it
just hang out please don't fall there
you go just hang out
oh my battery's gonna die I hope our bat
makes it okay guys the artworks done the
bathrooms in the guest room is ready
well maybe Liza's room / guest room
paper pumped up and ready for it awesome
fun exciting week of vlogs filming all
kinds of cool stuff
can't wait for James and I like to get
here right yep alright guys so that's
where we leave you today as always thank
you so much for watching and we can't
wait to see you right back here come on
