what's up guys welcome to the vlog today
special day field day number two that's
right it is
field day number two today and I'm super
excited and you should be too but first
okay
so I'm very excited to show you guys
this and as you know Father's Day is
literally right around the corner and
you guys want to win Father's Day right
and the surest way to a Father's heart
is through his eye I know someone say
it's through the stomach but trust me no
dad it's prouder of his television
especially on game day so I'm excited to
show you guys what we have behind me but
I can't appropriately show you the
amazing quality of this thing without
switching to well a better camera so all
right perfect
so so guys like I said the best way to
give dad that most awesome gift is
through a TV and not just any TV guys
you want to find a TV that has this logo
on it that Dolby vision and now it's
probably a good time to mention Dolby is
actually sponsoring today's video so a
big giant huge shout out Dolby thank you
so much for sponsoring us today so I'm
going to unbox this pull it out and show
you guys side-by-side with the different
TV what Dolby vision can actually do for
your viewing experience check this out
okay so it's all set up and what we're
looking at here is some raw 4k drone
footage directly piped into the TV and I
gotta say guys that looks amazing
what Dolby vision is doing is
dynamically adjusting to every scene to
give you brighter brights darker darks
and better contrast and saturation the
colors literally are exploding off the
screen I feel like we're watching this
being there right now let me show you
some side by tax so the screen on the
left is another 4k Ultra HD TV again
this footage is completely unedited no
adjustments at all
all the dolby vision on the right is
just so much more crispy it's beautiful
the colors are super vivid they're so
poppy you can literally see all the
detail as if you're practically right
there so yeah guys you can see how Dolby
vision is going to completely change
your television viewing experience and
Dolby vision content is also available
on certain Netflix videos Amazon and
Vudu guys there's a link in the
description you can click to check out
more about Dolby vision and at the end
of the video there will be a video link
you can click on that shows you more
also so yeah super huge shout-outs Adobe
for sponsoring today's video and we need
to switch back to something a little
more portable let's go okay what are you
doing is on my field day sure yeah okay
okay okay so I'm going to have to change
we got to get out of here this is a big
day you guys where do you see what this
turns into are you ready for a fun day
you're going to be so much fun you guys
if you haven't seen last year's field
day again I'm going to link it above so
you can check it out
and yes I'm bringing people I'm bringing
some protective gear because there will
be some paintball activity on that you
know you want to keep it covered up
nobody likes all them well oh there's a
what are they calling
National Road yards are okay so on State
Route 40 very much as long as it run
they have a yard sale in the throat so
if you got on this road is drew for as
far as you could drive there would be
people out doing yard kids the crazy
there's more yards of I've ever seen
wildlife on the threat they got a case
look there's love them oh look at the
couch
oh look at the entertainment thing we're
Raiden Roman and Brits fridge for some
food before we go I have all my hot
pockets right we did oh we didn't have
must everyone
yeah um the omelet egg sausage do it
Veronica like cook yeah bronze was like
you shouldn't have the peppers today
nobody in the bathroom I'll hold my word
like you know me yeah well yeah the kids
are staying here and you can tell
they'll be occupied last night was epic
you know art yeah yeah yeah they're
getting water in their pool today thank
you so much less thank you so much for
keeping the kids course we'll be back
later
how many Mara are we gonna watch golf
all right so as you can see adult field
day is fully underway we are going to
start with dodgeball all right come on
we got a rematch coming up there but
we're going to move the kickball
you
the different
what's this sack lunch
there's like high school got a vegan Oh
VIPs get a sack lunch for Turkey and
string beans and cookies and crackers
and an orange
ah that's awesome I got I got peanut
butter and jelly and some cookies and a
cheese stick okay right back into it we
are starting next with tug of war
did you return
all right guys listen gladion so we have
three seconds on this not the other
cutoff after 40 seconds we had to jump
to the smaller one it's bill to this
game and from there we have a singie
knock them off okay a little break but
this is a scoreboard right now yellow
team has one two three four points and
the orange team has one two three four
five six points still a couple games
left to play nobody knows for sure who's
going to win
it's a stuff
we go down and touch the line down there
then our other teammates can come back
yeah and whoever wins that he fasted the
victor honey
we lost it's a good effort the final
score is 8 us to 15 we couldn't pull out
the wind they got us on these races
right here man
Zach three legged wheelbarrow tire
here's a dodgeball
I know dodgeball you guys are the
dodgeball champions this was so much fun
guys close up video if you want to do a
field day like this where you live
amazing yep I'm the website yeah yeah
fun game yellow come on for the rib
lover game maker right there like you're
through thank Dan burns all that fly a
lot of times he didn't do the dishes go
under that come rock get madam all right
boys
I wonder when the job you did amazingly
like this we didn't win but it was so
much fun getting together everybody with
friends and family and just like taking
it back old-school man but yeah guys
we're going to go pick up the kids and
go home not much else can happen for
today but yeah I hope you guys had fun
hanging out with us today thank you so
much for watching we can't wait to see
you right back here
