good morning guys get breakfast in I'm
gonna go to the gym and then we got to
scout out some so James and Holly will
be here soon I'm going to take them
shooting because I guess in England
you're not allowed to have weapons so
one of the things we're gonna do this
week this week is shoot some guns so we
gotta go get some ammo I'm going to work
out okay actually you guys should stay
with her so you can see what Collins
first day was you stay there okay
I'll be back in approximately one hour
okay love you so miss Eliza and I are
just kind of actually walking like up
and down the road because not really
sure what time exactly the bus comes to
let the kids off the bus I figured Colin
would be here at 3:00 which the bus did
come at 3:00 but it was the high school
kids so Miss lies and I are just walk-in
you enjoying your walk yeah you enjoying
your walk baby cute figure yeah it sees
happy
my prediction
my prediction for the bus drop-off time
was way wrong and let me tell you it's
getting warm out here but it feels good
I guess we gotta soak up these last days
of the summer because before you know it
all will be here and then winter will be
here and there'll be a foot of snow on
the ground
this motorcycle that just went by has
been by like three times but this last
time he went just by this time he but I
can't talk this time he just went by it
was so loud it was revving engine scared
her obviously here it comes yay
who's the bus watch watch your brother
oh so Colin gets on the bus first
because his school starts first in the
morning
well here is Carson off the bus already
but where's Colin how was your first day
of school awesome I went to art today
you went to art today yeah Cooney even
got wroking you got what a yellow row
green well red brown blue yeah yeah and
y'all got row pants
well you're sitting nicely good you like
your teacher yeah she was a well that's
good if you're on good behavior I know I
see that so walking home if you're on
good behavior than you should your
teacher should never be mean well we can
maybe welcome put your book back down
and then we gotta walk back and get
calling you good go potty okay hey what
you did stewing on Colin really yeah
I've been out here for an hour waiting
you've done went to the gym and came
back that's weird
yeah how was school dude and Carson gets
off before home
high-fives that's weird he gets on
before and gets off after here we go
jamón jamón
hey that was school haha awesome did you
enjoy your first day home so you enjoyed
your first day yes the wheel kinda silly
alright we made it home after the first
day school what are you guys supposed to
do as soon as you get home from school
what's the first thing we always do do
you remember from last year
what's the first thing we do as soon as
we get home from school good job Collin
he remembered go wash your hands
I don't my nose what they've done at
school or on the bus so we watch hands
as soon as we get home
what and then we have to check your book
bag and stuff before you're allowed to
play No there you go music wait are you
live over there that one
oh yeah homework again I went upstairs
took a shower and after I got dressed my
computer setup was sitting there and
resist but to sit down mess with the
streaming thing again and I wanted to
try and do the the gameplay and get that
all set up using a different program the
open broadcast but I couldn't get it to
work on my Mac as you can see I'm using
my Windows computer my old Windows
computer
I talked to well Alex Alex does a lot of
streaming and stuff so I figured you
would know the best way and he told me
to use my Windows computers that's what
we're trying we're getting the new
version of I've got a Game Capture on
here I got open broadcast and we're
gonna try and do another test stream
with the video game and me to see if we
can get it all set up we're close so I
finally got this work in every we've
been playing this game for a little
while everyone's in here say what's up
in the comments what up what up there's
a delay you weary I notice you see that
he said notice me
I noticed you
so having a summative ever nigga naming
him Carson with the K that's awesome
Carson's a strong name
so uh so yeah I think this test of the
the first gameplay test went really good
okay the boys are playing it's streaming
we had to use the Windows computer but
that's okay all hate when they gladiator
for life right here
send me your gamertag okay I got Colin
look Colin's continuing the stream right
there
that's hilarious Eliza's out here eaten
obviously not very happy where she went
- ba ba ba ba ba ba Oh diaper change
baby here would that matter boom we need
to move on from the streaming it's a lot
of fun but just like when you get caught
up in a really good game streaming or
gameplay can literally suck you into a
time warp I think it's been like two
hours since I started messing with it
you're doing so good sitting up by
yourself daddy's so proud yeah I'm so
proud
like a moaning Orchestra on here she's
very grateful and sleep on the couch
these kids have just had showers they're
ready for bed it's uh it's been a long
day believe it or not yep
are you guys like pumped for school now
is this awesome you're comfortable in
our classrooms and stuff oh yeah I mean
it's not a whole table right but it one
disk to another desk to another store
notice yeah they're all side-by-side
yeah that's cool
all right well we're gonna get these
kids to bed
good morning
good morning mom hey mommy bye :
have fun at school see ya is it really
cool ready for day 2 thank you it's
quite chilly out this morning too good
thing I've got some nice oh I love you
see after school it's weird the bus came
from a completely different direction
today I don't know what the deal is
they're still getting used to everything
I guess the routes and everything the
time is still way off like the bus
should be here by 8:25 8:30 but they're
coming at like 8:40 James and Holly
should be here tomorrow so I need to
ready their sleeping quarters we're
trying to decide if we use the basement
for their space there's a desk and
everything down there so James can do is
editing and whatnot
or take the crib out of the baby's room
but aren't on our room and make that you
know a much more comfortable space for
them to sleep in but regardless we have
a lot to do because they're gonna be
here tomorrow and I got a vlog to edit
and I have some other stuff to take care
of on top of getting everything else
ready so today is gonna be very busy but
I'm excited I can't wait for them to get
here it's gonna be a lot of fun so I
think that's where we're gonna leave you
guys today and I was gonna tell you
something
anyways as always thank you guys so much
for watching and coming and hanging out
with us every single day I can't wait to
see you right back here
