seat belt what's up guys welcome to
today today is currently Wednesday
August 19th we're going now to meet
Colin's teacher Colin are you excited
yeah yeah there might be a chocolate
there might be a chocolate fountain
Colin your feelings right now
um pumped Pumped we pull in the parking
lot as he says I'm gonna love this
school awesome dude
I'm glad he's excited now if we can just
figure out all this parking oh here we
go
she's she's had such a rough day meeting
Colin's teacher I've had a horrible
headache all day she has horrible
headache all day what do you want water
we'll fix it you went like a fudge
brownie you want like a therapeutic
massage she's it too sweet
tight chew what is it
shot too huh that's it okay so we met
Colin teacher and it seems like again
this year Colin has another old school
teacher which is cool because those old
school teachers really know how to keep
these kids in line and I think that's
exactly what she's going to say Colin
has a tough time paying attention in
school trying to find
lunch the boys pack their lunch everyday
unless there's something really good on
the menu we just got to get back to
Mayan school lunches waking up early in
the morning and making lunch and packing
them and getting the kids dressed and
off to school on the bus why can't we
just homeschool we should just
homeschool
keep it for my steak intake that's where
I ever did a steak so we've got all the
food we need and you know I was thinking
about Colin Collins in a brand new
building this year a part of the school
district that he's never seen before and
I remember when I first went from one
school to another I went from Miller's
port to a different school and it was
scary you know what I mean like when you
when you move to a new school and you
don't know all the people in it you
don't know any of the teachers is like
no one there that you know that you can
confide in someone to talk to and kind
of relate with your newness
did you ever have that Oh kids are still
the same kids in her
but there's more there's new ones
there's older ones this one's got
lockers this is the like this is the big
house call and this is where the lockers
are if you're not careful you even get
stuffed inside one you just missed it
guys Eliza was eating chicken just
chicken and chicken broth and she did
not like it you should give her another
spoon
hurry cover it up is a yucky Kleiser
is that yuppie nothing she doesn't trust
you now wait is it in there yeah Oh make
some other didn't sweet potatoes oh boy
all right I'm making dinner tonight and
I decided to go something basic but as
far as protein and building mass and
eating a good meal I got some steak red
potatoes asparagus and I think the kids
are going to have green beans to feel
like spirits
oh I think I did a good job that looks
fantastic
not gonna make everyone else's plate how
is it yeah I like it even better with
anyone try the potato see you can try
the potato they're really good they're
just fried potatoes the red potatoes are
actually pretty tasty we all ate and now
it's time for baby Eliza and then she's
going to bed look at her she always
covers her eyes like that when she's
super tired
no it's still boy you should still be
brushing she's done she's out look at
her she's like a
all right boys here's your book bags
here here hurry start putting stuff in
there we gotta we gotta hurry up and get
these book bags packed guys come on put
your stuff in here piles of black three
her you got her we gotta hurry
you gotta hurry Reese we can get
breakfast
it's a good thankee wait wait let me see
mm-hmm
she's that mom put notes on napkins in
the lunch boxes it doesn't look nice
outside that's for sure what a crappy
weather for the first day of school
cover banana that's what Mommy does
everything every school year the first
day comes out here was takes pictures of
them my first grader of my third grader
here take the camera you got to see them
off properly okay
you ready boy sighted grew first day
even though there anyone yeah so coming
down to the bus stop like for the first
couple days few days it's kind of the
timing is kind of scattered they say as
bus will be here at this time but you
got to give or take ten minutes because
the route could change
or some kids aren't being picked up on
the first day of school and stuff like
that sometimes their parents take him on
the first day so we're down here waiting
buboes oh I love you a good day he broke
the rules you're supposed to stop at the
edge of the road and wait for the signal
from the bus driver to cross the road he
was just so excited he just ran straight
across
I feel good thing of it he'll learn
Veronica took call and I'm gonna say
Carson come on dude
time to go buddy you pumped I'm so proud
of you bud
I don't know how to feel right just like
this mix of emotions I'm glad my kids
are progressing and going up through the
ranks in the school system but that just
means you're you're not my little tiny
boys anymore you still gonna love me
when you're 18 you promise yeah let's
shake on it
okay it's coming Carson your bus my sir
hey listen Boris I hope you have an
absolutely fantastic day and most
importantly I love you I love you be
good okay I love you more I'll see you
after school
love you
it's very weird very quiet this will be
my my afternoons my mornings and
afternoons from now on till the end of
school to be super quiet no frill though
it is super sad that the kids have gone
back to school
that means summer's over and next up is
fall and winter snow and coldness I'm
not looking forward to that but we do go
back to the Outer Banks in two weeks I
think so we're really excited for that
we'll get our last little bit of
sunshine and beach and ocean in and
we'll certainly be making some pretty
sweet vlogs there so show us a thumbs up
if you made it to the end of video like
I said I'm going to get to work as
always thank you so much for watching
and I can't wait to see right back here
tomorrow
