what's up guys welcome welcome hope
you're having a great day look at
Carson's arm it's already got cream on
it I know but you can tell clearly it's
like this just swollen born so mommy's
put Neosporin on it and a bandage turn
this there this ish is long way that way
yeah yeah that way what the doctors say
that it was an abscess absence probably
from like a fight what if it's West Nile
goes keep that on there does it hurt mmm
not anymore not much for such it okay
well this sucks so we're getting ready
to go up to carsons school and meet his
teacher now I probably log any of that
because well the kids school is kind of
a sensitive material that we shouldn't
be putting out there on the interweb
hope you can understand that yeah before
we leave I was uh I'm uploading the vlog
but I'm trying to figure out I saw this
new live streaming thing pop up on our
YouTube channels and I wanted to see
what it was all about I've never done
live streaming before and i just
downloaded the encoding software called
Wirecast i'm gonna try out the free
version and if it's cool if it works and
it's great i'm going to spend the money
and get the studio version which lets
you do like chroma key so like I could
have camera on me and then we could
stream gameplay I think that would be a
lot of fun and I think you guys might
enjoy it so I've tried to get stuff set
up but I'm out of time because now we
gotta go meet Carson's teacher
are you nervous to meet your new teacher
yeah no that's good yeah but wouldn't be
bad she like kind of yellows yeah you
know about that don't you yeah yeah I
wouldn't worry about a Carson your
teachers going to be super awesome no
matter what teacher it is I don't might
beat me okay well what do you think dude
was she cool yeah why didn't you blog
cuz I gotta protect where you go to
school yeah she's from New York hey I
don't know yeah she was talking about
have shoes for New York and she taught
kids that were in the projects that
stuff like that so so she can handle
pretty much any situation well we'll see
about that this is so sad they go to
school not tomorrow but thursday so
summer is like it's done it's over it's
gone there's no more and it makes me sad
yeah some of you probably saw my tweet
from earlier about opening a project and
realizing that there's nothing in it I
had already edited the entire iPhone
video but I was waiting to do the
voiceover to my voice clear so that's
what that was my plan today and get up
there to open the project and there's
nothing in the timeline and I was
freaking out like where's my stuff that
took me forever to put all those pieces
so today I readded that video and now I
still need to do the voiceover so school
is in two days the boys you got their
new book bags and lunch boxes you want
to show them off yes one that's your
lunch box nice pretty cool can't miss
that if you're jogging down the road at
night if your lunch box nice choice dude
that's a nice little book bag what
happened yeah we saw oh that's your book
bag you got the sack bag one stroke yeah
and then I got this Oh what wait a
second you got an adidas book bag in
nike lunch box what the heck oh you
tried you tried to be slick there oh I
can do it kitty cat nice too we're
trying to keep the Liza up as long as
possible it's 749 she's a ghost better
like nine but she's super tired and
wants to her bed who wants sweetheart I
know if she goes to bed now she'll be up
really really early like five o'clock
early huh that's true huh little girl is
I teach triangle bars find a message
you're crazy where'd you come up with
that app cooking game oh my gosh so I
this is our evening we're just kind of
chilling counting down the hours to the
last of the summer break it's depressing
I'm like super bomb megamom you know I
was thinking to like what can we do in
the winter months or while it's you know
not not so cool to be outside doing
stuff
how can we do cool things together as
you know as a YouTube community and I
said something earlier about live
streaming so youtube's enabled this live
stream feature and I want to try I want
to try and make it so that we can play
games together so that like once a week
we do a gaming video where we stream
live and I invite some of you to play
with us usually it's probably gonna be
like a call of duty or a Halo or even a
battlefield game some kind of game like
that in which case we can invite up to
four or eight players for that for us to
be on a team and you know I do giveaways
for people that come and play with us
and maybe we can do competitions and
have brackets and championships and all
that stuff that's just something that
I've been thinking about that I want to
kind of do and you know I know a lot of
you like gaming we obviously love gaming
I've been a gamer for a long time so
what do you think about that let me know
in the comments would you like to see
like a livestream championship gaming
type thing happen once a week or
something to where we could play
together and just have fun I think it
would be something that would have a lot
of fun like I'm upstairs trying to test
out this new YouTube live stream feature
in my very first ever live stream guest
is chris williams what is happening
Anthony define a David more epic sit
look now there's too many to mention
what's up guys welcome to the vlog
there's a two-second delay i'm not sure
how to change that but uh the streams
been happening for 23 minutes and we've
had it was at like five hundred
something five hundred people showed up
what's up guys what's up
shutout was definitely going to be
something that we do in the future I
think it's awesome we did the live
stream test and my buddy Mason Mason
fick he's followed the channel for such
a long time he's got a YouTube channel
as well where he does interviews and he
wanted me to do mine tonight so we just
actually finished that just now and it
went really well I feel like I kind of
went a little he was asking me about
legends of Awesome and kind of the you
know mantra behind it and I I feel like
every time I talk about it I get so like
I guess so like overly hyped excited you
know it's it's a huge huge deal for me
it's something that I'm severely
passionate about and I honestly can't
wait till you guys see it I can't wait
till we launched channel I can't wait
till we start helping to make positive
impacts in people's lives because that's
what the channel is all about it's all
about helping other people in combining
the collaborative effort between all
sorts of talented people not only in
front of but behind the camera and I'm
pretty sure you guys are gonna love it
if you don't I should just delete my
youtube channel now are you ready honey
it's that time of night where kids are
in bed we just watched netflix and chill
oh that's funny oh look honey I'm living
here with me oh no that was great
where'd they come from boys what that
now you know xbox will rot your brain
out here it's currently 10pm am I'm
gonna go to the gym time to go workout
I'm feeling it I'm feeling you guys I'm
ready I'm ready to do this let's get
this workout done hello but listen last
night I did the live stream right and I
had this idea I was like wait a second
why am I using my webcam I'm gonna try
and hook up my gh4 right so I can have a
little better video quality and see if
that works so after I leave here I gotta
go to bestbuy and then go back home
we're gonna try all that stuff today not
in this video but you know let's work
out
alright so first workout to Smith
barbell press is the squat superset with
remaining did it let's get it leg
extension with leg curls superset this
super sets going to be three sets of 20
seated in standing calf raises
I'm going to do some barbell pumps your
barbell curls with this dumb bathroom
and I feel great
so in the
I was gear that bugger today was leg day
but I wanted to do a little bonus by sap
action look look at my arms they getting
bigger do you think you're getting
bigger
I think there
all right let's go home and in this day
back home made myself a couple steak
sandwiches cheese I'm gonna fill up on
that protein and my protein shake in and
pretty much call it a day for today I
was going to go film with Dennis today
it really kind of sucks everything fell
through there were some pieces to the
puzzle that he couldn't come up with so
we couldn't film today maybe we'll try
again friday but i'll keep you guys
posted so that's all we got for you
today thank you so much for watching I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
