we got some mail
it's definitely haircut week I want you
guys to see Veronica's hair kinda look
at you oh I like it
Carson do you like it yeah tell mommy
it's beautiful it feels so much better
well goodness
anyway we got mail check this I ordered
these pictures it's a Friday or
something and I finally got him when we
were hanging pictures up on the wall I
noticed a la we don't have any pictures
of Eliza so I had to print some they got
these there you go this one super nice I
got a few of these grandmas hit me up
and I got one for you and then this one
I'm disappointed the picture is awesome
this is our 11 by 14 but look at it it
was creased and then we got our thredUP
box hey boys come here I got some
clothes so thredUP
is a like new assignment type website
that you can go and buy clothes you know
you can spend a lot a lot of money on
clothing your kids and then less than a
year away
they're already outgrown so it's always
nice to stable of the money when you're
shopping for clothes especially for
back-to-school so we got the boys some
new clothes
and Eliza look check it out that one's
yours right nice nice button-up
this one was Carson's yes check it out
you likey here's a pair of pants check
out those these are Levi's those certain
those are Colin's he likes the black
ones I thought those were really cool
let me see these ones have like I don't
know these pants for some reason remind
me of Dallas I don't know I'm pretty
sure you're gonna dig this yeah and
these are your pants Carson catch them
yo lies you got a nice little okay yeah
I mean some shirts quicksilver shirts
good stuff this is a DKNY sweater hoody
one of the things I like most about this
particular website is that they
partnered up with a another website
called a doc classroom Network this is a
very important website because they're
helping to draw attention to those other
important people in our kids lives the
teachers like this is all about
back-to-school I wanted to try and tell
you guys about this website because
they're doing good things and and you
got to think about the teachers as like
secondary parents sometimes these
teachers actually spend their own money
to get kids clothes or shoes or supplies
whatever because their parents can't
afford it so I urge you guys to go to
thredUP comm board slash teachers aside
from just going and shopping and
checking out some of the clothes which
are all mostly brand-name clothes by the
way mr. Atif comm board / teachers to
nominate your favorite teacher enlisted
they could win up to $2,500 and thread
up credit to get themselves something
nice which is a really cool thing I
actually went on there and nominated my
old third grade teacher mrs. McCreevy
the Miller support because she's I don't
know a particular teacher that always
stuck out in my head she was always
super nice did she buy me things no but
we always had candy on Fridays mm-hmm
and that counts for something
nice fertilizer a little soot yeah
mm-hmm yes so you guys make sure you go
check out thread up comm and also head
on over to their part of the website
dedicated to adopt a teacher org and
nominate your favorite teacher they
deserve it they're good people teachers
are awesome except for the ones that
always send you this attention
if you guys are interested in going to
shopping and spending some money at
rediff.com I'm gonna hook you up with a
link down in the description for 40%
what maybe later in the year haven't
seen a keynote yeah but so this has been
my past hour on skype with Edie Edie say
what's up you can't really see him
because we're screen sharing but this is
uh we're doing work we're doing work
we're working on the trailer and other
video stuffs finding all of the clips
that we need to put in here you know as
you can probably imagine is a very
tedious process but as you can see we're
working on it so Eddie and I were online
working on some legends of awesome stuff
and we've decided that we need we need
some b-roll of like our gear so that's
what I'm gonna do right I'm gonna shoot
some where's my gimbal oh it's in here
I'm gonna go outside and shoot some
b-roll of the stuff that we'll be using
to film these videos and I also might be
doing a video like each of us is gonna
have an interview section like where we
are being interviewed about our
viewpoints on legends of Awesome so I'm
gonna have to set up my own interview
shot and do some gear shots
I'm trying to get some close-ups of the
gh4 camera but it's starting to rain
go figure I need to get something done
you want some rain hey baby girl
it's gonna start to rain here in a
second it was raining on me out fresh
look me and Veronica both had the same
idea were like let's see super short
haircuts well you came home this morning
honestly cut your hair we were all
supposed to go together and I was like
oh that's it I gotta go after my workout
chop it off here's this shirt
mine was by accident I did not tell him
to do this I went in there I said cut it
up okay I figured since I got my camera
out cameras out I'm gonna take some
pictures of her right here yeah
what
nice all right I'm done dodging
raindrops found us a nerf gun let's go
wake up the house Collin hey Colin oh
don't take cover what the heck you know
to fix it can you give me that we're
gonna have to find some way to have fun
inside now because it's rainy it's rainy
I spent too much time on the computer
with Edie today reload reload what
fluffy it's like get me Oh fluffy what
are you doing
in the evening right about this time my
nose will start to shut down like
completely closed up right now that's
right I'm thinking let's not take any
medicine but instead they go pump in
Tabasco
Oh oh gosh yeah
for the record Tabasco does not clear my
nose at this point sweats baby girl
you're growing out of your clothes
you're growing out of your clothes I'm
sorry I feel like it you can keep it I
won't argue with you girl
yeah life is getting ripe her bed the
boys are getting ready for bed
you sure daddy how you set up you're
getting so big all by herself guys she
sits up yeah can you give me five give
me five yeah yeah that's awesome
Oh tomorrow morning um I want to show
you a picture it looks like Liza was
holding the phone
I mean iPod and like she was doing a
selfie yeah she's in for mom mode when
it turns like bedtime Veronica that's
crazy
these horns pop out of her head and you
see this tail start to come out from her
beyond I don't know where she's hiding a
pitchfork but
yes serious good morning
I started doing an After Effects
training tutorial late last night after
we put the kids to bed and I ended up
falling asleep watching countless videos
I'm trying to learn After Effects
because I I need two families up hi
sweetheart
my baby good morning boys morning
they're gonna go actually and get
themselves haircuts hopefully they turn
out better in mine and book bags because
guess what it's back to school next week
this week what would a Veronica's gonna
take them to get book bags and haircuts
you're actually gonna go with her yeah
because it's gonna be fun you know and
she said she's gonna give me some work
time so we stopped by for a little bit
of lunch before we go
all right stuff done boys you enjoy
lunch talking about to Chipotle all my
life
she's loving on baby like that
a school
person ready she's ready for you
boom you're gonna smile it up or do
anything that I like I mean okay okay so
I just
but she likes to have the banks come
over like that okay okay so don't take
the bangs too short
yeah I don't wonder things like here cut
do better
yep butter and a guy talking to each
other we've had lunch we've had haircuts
now we gotta go look for book bags so
kind of book back to you as one
you're crazy kid
I stayed with burn
you're like Rowan just look back to
lunchboxes now we need some groceries
and we're out of here was a look of
frustration everything good nice hair
dude okay I'm holding a baby in the
camera like this yeah Kirsten got a
darks women well it's time for us to end
this vlog today Carson will go to the
doctor and we'll give you what's going
on with that tomorrow that's a weird
thing did you tell me I didn't just like
a little it looks like a little bite on
his arm that's like swelling yeah so
that's all we got for you guys today
thank you for hanging out with us and of
course as always we'll see you right
back here cue it up tomorrow
