yeah what is happening welcome you guys
welcome to another day in the life of a
Gilroy look what I built under my little
table here a little place to store some
of that extra wood yeah pretty simple
right I called it my wood sling I had to
move all this stuff over here I pretty
much got the whole garage cleaned yeah
we got too much stuff you guys look see
my dumpster overflowing that's because
we've literally gotten rid of so much so
much stuff that we don't have her need
or use or maybe it's broken it feels
good to get rid of all that the boys are
arguing over rocks
Colin you really gonna sit in the rocks
dude Carson doesn't know but his friend
was a girl Payton is coming over stay
the night tonight Veronica is out right
now doing some last-minute gathering for
Colin's party which happens tomorrow and
yeah we're getting ready for this I want
to show you what we're gonna build I
stuff to go get the stuff but we're
gonna build this really cool
PVC sprinkler tunnel hopefully it works
look who's up
hey gorgeous we're gonna say bye to Nana
before she leaves
yeah come on let's go say bye to Nana
every year
Veronica's mom goes to Bristol to watch
the races you can take the camper yes
enjoy yourself that's car baby let's go
Vivi yes I know if I were you I'd be
ready for a week's vacation yeah I am no
phones no computers nothing but the golf
cart yeah yeah Diddy I would go da one
good way my kids ever to make sure they
say bye Collin make sure you tell Nana
bhai and have fun oh you did looks like
you're watching TV messy hair what you
doing girl
we missed you we did we were actually
just telling Nana bifur for her vacation
word Carson yeah remember Carson doesn't
know she's here he's gonna be like
who is that
yeah ping came to spend the night so
awesome okay okay
okay time out from the bottle yes look
at you you look sleepy again they
leaving bye guys have a fun vacation oh
I'm jealous but I guess I don't have to
be too jealous because what is it two
weeks we're going on vacation
three three weeks mm-hmm yeah yeah we're
going back to the beach can't wait
anyway your two bottom pieces the caps
are on those three and the hose part
portion is there and the hose just
screws into the bottom of it I still
don't get it
understand I'll figure it out though
we'll make it work I mean bottom line
we're gonna make a PVC frame that has
holes drilled in it if I can find the
jet so I can find them if not I just
drill a little ting holes once I find
the heart's all figured out I'm a man
honey I got a thick skull Dallas is on
his way to come help me with this once
he gets here we're gonna go to loves
we're gonna get the stuff we'll come
back and put it together Veronica's
gonna mow I'm gonna weedy
I'll be back Dallas's showed up and
showed me something nasty remember when
we went to go fix his car and we went to
pick and pull I don't think it was in
the vlog I think it was was it we didn't
draw any attention to it it turned out
to be more serious than it was in the
video
Dallas's hand slipped or did you pinch
it I pinched Jenna Neath the rotor
I got wedged in between the rotor and
spin the knuckle so you got his finger
caught and pinched and now look at you
guys ready for this caution this viewer
discretion look away look away if you're
at all squeamish this is kinda gross all
right Dallas hanging on by a thread
dude that is snow we're taking the trash
can into the road in my house
all right so I have a list here and
we're getting we're getting all this
stuff from actually Pinterest but I
believe it originates on
instructables.com
and the list says we need two lengths of
ten-foot PVC we also need three of these
three quarter-inch caps for the ends of
the pipe we need two 90-degree
three-quarter inch elbow joints we need
two 3/4 inch T connections
and we need this three quarter inch male
hose thread by three-quarter inch M IP
this is for the hose need this
three-quarter inch slip and thread it is
after we get some of this seal tape to
make sure it doesn't leak
I could glue it but I would rather not
so that I can take it apart and use this
again we couldn't find the mr. jet for
anything that would come close to
replacing that type of thing
so we actually have to just for this
we're just gonna drill the holes so the
water can stream out of it and we'll
order the Jets offline online and that's
it
I wanted to start building this thing
like right away but we had to stop
because we forgot to mow the grass so
Veronica's mowing right now I'm supposed
to do the weed eating but this little
baby won't let me put her down so first
thing we got to do is cut these pipes
down to length we need to 5 feet
sections 1/4 foot section and for 18
inches sections alright now that we got
our pieces cut I guess I got to do I got
to drill holes go condom just the right
size and drilling holes into them is
pretty much all the extra work yeah now
we just have to
we got to the last part there and
realized even after checking the receipt
we left peace or lost peace somewhere
between the time we put it on the end of
that pole to check out we want to see
this thing fire up to them what we're
missing is the piece that goes on to the
PVC so that this can screw into it this
is the hose connection which is a pretty
important part a couple hours and
fastens I talked to you last you know
that spray stuff you spray on your nose
sign X or Nasonex or something it's like
a 12-hour decongestant I sprayed that up
my nose and I literally feel funny don't
laugh at me it's not funny
we can't stop now we got a blob to build
oh boy here's the thing with the six mil
it's not clear you can't see through it
what sucks haven't showed you the clock
yet but it's definitely like 7:30 a.m.
we've already been up for a little bit
but it's because we need to start
filling this thing last time we made it
we realize that it takes a very long
time to fill it with water
and we need to get that started and I'm
we're gonna show you how exactly how to
make this this time because we did in a
previous video make sure if you want to
learn how to make this blob go watch the
water blotting vlog it's quite a few
vlogs back but that vlog will show you a
little more in detail how to make this
hmm
so Veronica has gone uptown to get the
cake and some other stuff it's your
birthday are you ready to party yeah we
got the water blob we got that really
cool sprinkler deal we got the pool we
may have the biggest bubbles ever what
else could you want well do dragons
party we definitely got a wall a lot of
water fun to do that's for sure
so you make sure well I was gonna say
your number one goal call in today is to
have as much fun
as you possibly can so clearly yes
you're next
Carson's birthday is in November clearly
we have a lot of stuff left to do I need
to shower edit this video
oh yeah the babies a week so that's all
I got for you guys today make sure you
tune in tomorrow for Colin's awesome
birthday celebration and we can't wait
to see you right back here tomorrow
