what's up guys welcome back to the
Gilroy's life we're gonna make sure that
today's a little more positive than
yesterday I promise okay we do apologize
that we had to drop such ill receive
news on you guys but you know what
that's it's part of our life and that's
something that we're gonna deal with so
you know I appreciate all the comments
in yesterday's video it really is nice
to know that there's so many good people
out there watching and you know have
genuine concern for us in Veronica's
health so I do I do want to say thank
you again I really do I am out today on
the town we spent the first half of
today getting a lot of stuff done as you
know Colin's birthday is this weekend
and we've been wanting to do like a
deep-clean
so we're hot on the trail we got a lot
of stuff done I took eight bags of
clothes that we don't ever wear and I
donated them to Goodwill along with some
other stuff right now I need to go
somewhere and my first my first bet is
Sears to find some storage containers to
put you know the stuff that we're
keeping I already got a bunch of a bunch
of tubs that we're gonna put in the
basement for stuff that we're keeping
but I just need a couple more things I
guess I thought Sears had more than they
actually do because there's nothing I'm
looking for in here
target's never let me down before so
through our cleaning today Veronica
found a curtain that someone gave her
once before and the sliding glass door
has those the slap lines we want to get
rid of those because they're broken
pretty much something get a nice little
some kind of nice curtain rod I got some
super super random stuff you saw you'd
be like what the heck is that
it'll make more sense when I get home I
got like a basket
a picture hanging tool which I think
might be really really cool
a curtain rod and cat food you know if
Lucky's gotta eat
you can't just starve I feed him I gotta
go work out now and I'm gonna be honest
I really don't think I have the energy
to
yes I feel like I just have punched in
the gut a hundred times tomorrow before
I head back home Veronica's been aching
for some Chipotle and I feel like it'd
be it would be equivalent to taking her
home like a dozen roses if I showed up
with her favorite Chipotle order
so they're super hungry but on my way
home I wanted to I don't know if I
mentioned this yesterday but since the
subject is right at the top I wanted to
tell you guys I don't know if I ever
mentioned it but back oh my my youngest
sister Amanda she she was diagnosed with
cancer when she was four years old and
she had something called Wilms tumor
which is a cancer of the kidneys
and she actually had to have one of her
kidneys removed so she's only got one
kidney and she went through chemotherapy
and she lost all of her hair she was
super skinny but the point of the story
is first of all it was it was a
nightmare for my parents and what point
is she survived it she beat it they went
in they took out the cancer the kidney
it was the size of a grapefruit
I think or
what is a mushmelon like a cantaloupe
like a cantaloupe and they took it out
and she's been in remission cancer-free
which is pretty incredible and so the
reason I tell you that is because just
because someone is diagnosed with cancer
or could potentially have cancer that
doesn't mean that's the end of the road
you know to me it doesn't mean that your
life is over it just means that you need
to focus on your health and well-being
and use the power of positive thinking
to overcome it not only with medicine
but in your mind you have to think to
yourself I'm gonna beat this this is not
the end of me honey
infinitely bright what would you prefer
roses Oranje pole' I know it's hard to
decide right oh sorry sorry
I'm sorry
show me your tattoos boys have been
putting tattoos on all day listen I got
to run who's gonna show us this show us
a few bags and then look back here and
actually see the floor and then wait you
got more there's that closet with that
you can see the bottom of the bench
hey there's a whole nother bag right
there honey
okay good well sir we can't throw away
the Rasta hair that's a supreme
Halloween costume rolling apart I can
sew it no you can't know
you can just get a new one oh just
change your diaper look who's super
happy I get you I get you give you no
matter what is wrong I'm gonna howl down
you feel no matter how bad you think it
is you just look at a face like that
then she smiles you smile everything
just fades away yes you're so cute okay
gute I look like one
it's all those picture frames right here
they were a jumbled mess on our wall
before I remember I got something to fix
a turd
oh she's so mad oh she's so mad you
crazy you can just pretty much eyeball
it right and then you hang it on the
thing and then you push it and it leaves
a hole in the wall where you need to put
your nail I got this basket specifically
for that little hole yeah looks good Oh
baby girl are you doing honey you're
kind of really dumb enough all I can see
is the outside in the night
let's just hope that he doesn't climb
the curtain now oh my god oh that must
behave good just take it all down and
then just go throw it all the way there
you go hmm it's down
here's my thoughts we definitely need a
different set there's no contrast here
the walls and the curtains are the same
color if it wasn't for the brown stripe
it would be all wrong
and it almost just fits it doesn't
really completely cover I got this so
that we could put it around the corner
like that so it stays up against the
wall but we need another two panels to
make them look right but we're gonna
definitely use a different style look we
got the basket down there with the
school stuff in it yeah this place is
coming together yeah we're trying to
finish up cleaning and the boys wanted
to try and learn to play guitar hero
which is a game that me and Veronica
have played for many many years I almost
forgot about it really but persons
pretty much gave up mommy took over and
Colin look Colin's rocking a lefty well
that's okay what do you tell the
teachers you know and for me Carson
hey baby boy give our nick baby boy huh
good morning guys I have some bad news
more bad news I feel like crap remember
the other day when I had to do my knees
nose thing was a few days ago I
definitely probably should have went to
the doctor too then but it went away you
know I mean I felt great but last night
over the course of last night I started
feeling really bad the nose stuff is
back my head hurts
my throat hurts and I feel like I'm
getting some chest congestion too so
Veronica just got a hold of her doctor
friend and I'm actually gonna go see the
doctor get some antibiotics start
feeling better for Colin's party yeah so
I tried this thing out over there
hanging these up and it turned out
pretty good this thing makes it so easy
just to eyeball it and line them up
perfectly because you know every picture
frame all the catches and the hooks they
never line up and it's super hard to
line things up like that so I was just
about to do these I'm gonna show you how
it works but I have to leave and go to
the doctors we get this taken care of
right now that one exactly as I
anticipated the doctor
actually said the same thing I did I
have a sinus infection he's gonna give
me antibiotics and a couple days from
now we'll start getting this fully taken
care of
hey would you guys quit horsing around
would you
good to see you take care
Veronica's gonna hold the camera for me
cuz she's so lovely
he lost his hair
oh he found this hammer hammer don't the
hammer you take your picture where you
want it are you doing all three of them
straight across there two up and one
down no just watch I'm gonna do
something so cool so awesome
okay so just take the picture off and
push it in and there's your hole I think
they can't see the hole but well it's
there it's there that's why I want it
love and happiness straight
we're thanks
looks good that's nice you like he I put
my one up over there you want them there
there's just so many pictures a little
wall space you have a woman what she
wants people a happy wife happy life
remember that so that's what we're doing
today we're getting all these picture
frames and stuff hung up and yeah sort
we're quite busy we're quite busy so I
think that's where we'll leave you for
today
all right guys that's all I got for you
today listen thank you so much for
watching and Veronica says Haley thank
you for all the well wishes and the kind
love and support in the comment section
you guys really are the greatest yes
yeah so thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see you right back
tomorrow
