what's up guys if you don't see a clip
after this that means Veronica's erratic
and crazy driving is killed every single
one of us you are crazier your crazy
driver please be calm be calm your arms
on the wheel look you guys were on
experienced horse it was like just love
your legs
we're on our way to the doctor's office
the doctor's office today is going to
provide us the results of the procedure
that Veronica recently had do you
remember we went to the hospital she had
to go under the knife I can't pull in
there you see that red you see that
yellow tape you could have just drove
over it actually I mean after all it is
just plastic we have actually the kids
with us today and they're about as
informed as you are probably know a
little bit more than they do so without
saying too much let's just get through
the results first see how how are you
feeling what's your thoughts
yeah
I got you okay I got you
so so we left the doctor's office and
we'll talk about a little later first we
had to stop and get lunch check out the
size of this burger
it's like
as big as my fist it's huge and I got
chicken fries down there
oh yeah
that's fun - yeah
see yeah she's the best one y'see you're
such a good baby you're the best
well-behaved kid we've got so we came to
Walmart while we're out and got a new
school supply even though it's something
we don't want to come to terms with the
kids have school we gotta go get your
stuff and your stuff Carson do you know
what you need for school what you need
pants you know I'm just hanging out with
this little girl while they're doing
their school shopping she's having so
much fun I've never put her in the car
like this before
yeah Veronica just came back from the
gym good work I had to get the vlog done
the vlogs go on now I'm about to get to
the gym I love you
I'll be back
today's the tough day guys I was gonna
go I was gonna vlog today's workout but
I don't really feel like it I think I'll
just leave you guys in the car and when
we get when I get home
me and Veronica are gonna tell you
exactly what's going on I know when we
had the other surgery when she had the
other surgery two weeks ago we didn't
really give you much but I think now
that we know we know everything we can
kind of fill you guys in my lovely wife
made spaghetti it smells beautiful on me
that is that is awesomeness is it good
like a chocolate Mountain there's no
chocolate nope no chocolate here just
spaghetti noodles and sauce and meat in
a little bit of cheese
okay guys you remember two weeks ago
Veronica had a procedure a surgical
procedure to basically take a biopsy of
part of the cervix to determine whether
or not this inconsistency is to be
treated like cancer it's been a long two
weeks let's just say that and today as
you know we went to the doctor and we
got the results of that procedure so the
test results came back bigger than what
was expected and
definitely hard to talk about especially
with a severe situation a really severe
situation as this is but we're
light-hearted people and we try to make
light of realistic serious situations
the test results came back that although
Veronica doesn't conclusively have
cancer the doctor suggested that more
than likely a 10% chance that if nothing
is done this could turn into cancer the
options were to have a path every three
months until it was basically waiting to
find out if it's cancer or go ahead and
have a hysterectomy if you don't know
what a hysterectomy is practically most
of the female reproductive system is
extracted and that means no more babies
but on the positive side we have three
of the most wonderful babies on the
planet and we couldn't be more happy
with I mean a family of five if we were
to have more kids regardless of this
situation
Veronica is a high-risk pregnancy and if
we did get pregnant again the baby would
have to come out at 36 13 36 weeks
and that's not full term you just spent
a lot a lot of four words I mean I'm
okay with the situation and what has to
be done it's just hard
with the decision to have the
hysterectomy the doctor is confident
that removing the female reproductive
system leaving the ovaries and fallopian
tubes to continue to produce the
hormones that she needs to be feminine
and not your whole man beard is the best
case and if the hysterectomy happens
which it's been scheduled
he's 99 it's a 99% cure so come late
September Veronica will have surgery to
have a hysterectomy and we'll deal with
it as positive and hopeful as we can I
thought today that it's okay you're
gonna be laid up because I think really
good care wait let this be a lesson to
all of the females out there you know
age appropriate to have regular
check-ups when you're supposed to
because this is a preventive action that
is being taken so that you know it
doesn't turn into cancer so you go for
your regular check-ups and get checked
up make sure things okay so that when it
does if it does turn abnormal then you
know and you can get it on the
preventive stage the doctor even said
this it's it's good this she's been in
you know she's had regular pap smears
for ever and you know they've they've
closely monitored so look as long as you
have a medical history that they can
track and understand you know like how
your body is functioning and progressing
then you're more likely to be able to
have an early die
notices and get it taken care of as
confidently as the doctor feels in
Veronica's situation so although it's
very scary and it sucks really bad to
even hear that word the doctor is really
confident I mean the 99% is a pretty
good number you know but we definitely
say everyone's support and well-wishes
even before you knew exactly what was
going on
everyone's been super supportive and and
we truly thank you guys for that
seriously yeah so we're in this together
we're gonna be just fine yeah we'll get
through this and we'll just keep pumping
out these awesome family videos for you
guys to love and enjoy unfortunately we
won't be adding any more children to the
channel but a puppy there's always room
kiddies if you want a puppy that's kind
of where we're at and that will be the
end of today's video I hate to leave you
guys like this but I mean nowhere to go
maybe over here well thank you guys for
listening of course thank you always for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
