what's up guys before we do anything we
always gotta have a little bit of fun I
gotta build some forts how about you
can't connect them the blog camera to
your head to my head I don't think it
works like that dude all right let's go
we got blankets we got stools let's see
we're gonna have to figure out how to do
this it's poor bill today it's rainy
it's kind of stormy
we can't get much done outside lord
knows we have a lot to do inside but the
kids are restless and we need to remedy
that we've got to build a fort that's
your area and it has to be dark you want
a three-door we can't build in the dark
are you crazy
that's against OSHA rules and
regulations that's that's not safe we
can be eaten by a monster
or a zombie exactly this year we used
the bunk bed as the main structure for
the fort right and we take our blankets
and we swing them down or take them out
and down what do you think yeah all
right let's do it
so now I need something heavy so we can
put it down there nope still not heavy
enough we got over top of this okay
that's enough but keep in mind whatever
you put on top of there it's gonna make
if you make it fall all that stuff's
gonna fall on you
yep think about safety we got the big
old hot wheels chest in there that's
heavy enough now we need to use the
white one to go this way we need to go
this way with it
hey I love the old waiting you all right
guys this is the fort what do you think
boys do you like it yeah awesome so I'm
on my way to work out rain is moving
away everything's clear enough it looks
like been like raining all day pretty
much I say all day there's like not
enough hours in the day
I literally have gotten the vlog edited
built forts with the kids ate food
and we didn't get to anything yet on our
list of stuff to do so that's pretty
much what we're gonna do when I get back
we gotta - we really do all right look
I'm gonna have to go off course here for
a second if you see I've been wearing
these bands I really don't ever buy any
other shoes thin bands or skateboarding
shoes so I know it seems kind of
ridiculous to go work out in those shoes
so I'm gonna go visit Dick's boom some
flex show trainers that's what I'm going
with
looks good to me all right now ready to
work out I got a new shirt some shorts
then new shoes I got all of this for 80
bucks everything was on clearance time
to work out I'll see you guys in a
minute
I had to get some gas I feel good week
two is starting out very good no cut
corners every workout I was supposed to
do I did well and I actually did a
little bit more I supposed to do like
heavier get my seat belt check out that
rainbow it's a full rainbow right there
here's a better shot of that rainbow
in protein protein protein how do I look
honey can you tell and look buffer I had
to it is the only way I'm gonna make any
gains yeah I got a you to store making
three big fat chicken breasts persons
gonna have half of one you might eat a
whole one but I asked him to straighten
up the shoes around the door and he
comes back out of my heels
oh they're a little big for you
I guess Veronica and them are d8 Carson
wants to eat with me so I cut him up
some chicken but look I'm going to eat
all that series I'm going to eat all
that
hobo's oh we just finished up doing a
evening time cleaning sesh - we're
getting house whipped up
it's okay Liza nope nope nope nope nope
nope you feed those cats and they are
gonna ever leave you thought you had a
flea problem before why can't you stay
outside nope noob noob will you bring me
some
Thanks
one down two to go
you guys are really sleeping in there
terraform good night I don't think they
can see you though don't get too scared
it's just a fourth oh so the kids are
asleep and I can't really do any more
cleaning so that's kind of loud but I
can't finish a video but until then I
think we should just wait till my my
coffee starts brewing have you forgot
about coffee I could never forget about
coffee coffee just happens very first
thing in the morning right now 8 o'clock
I thought I'd bring you guys into the
very very very early morning process
which is getting this little baby baby
she's gonna have her morning bottle
alright boys come on just as soon as the
Liza has her bottle the boys wake up and
then it's time to feed them Carson wants
bagel Colin wants cocoa pebbles pebbles
do you always drink the milk when you
have cocoa pebbles because it makes the
milk all chocolatey and delicious hmm so
today guys is kind of a pretty important
day like if you remember it was about
two weeks ago Veronica had her surgery
and today we go to find out those
results it's a little bit it's a little
bit scary kind of wracking my nervous
system but keep your fingers crossed
everything is gonna come back beautiful
there'll be nothing to worry about
that's where my head's at anyway yeah
this is our one cat I know you probably
thought I may have been a little
insensitive to the cute little kitties
outside but we did our good deed we
rescued this guy yeah all right so
that's where we're gonna leave you guys
today thank you so much for all your
support on our daily videos we know
every day is not as exciting as others
but we try to do the best we can for you
fingers crossed all well wishes and love
and the support in the comments section
and make sure you look out later today
I'm going to post that iPhone screen
fixed video which I think turned out
really good so that's all I got for you
thank you so much for watching you know
I can't wait to see you right back here
