what's up guys what's this vlog today
haircut day are you getting a haircut
low-mass I don't know if she needs one
but you you guys definitely need
haircuts
you guys are overdue it's all like one
length you know what I mean it's not
cool we got to get it shaped up are you
pumped what you pump for haircut yeah
but if you want a mohawk I mean I guess
that's alright this should be
interesting
we got a little lost
I've never been to that barber before
she was great recommended by Lindsay and
just so happen to find ourselves a
little fuse we got the hot Freddie
pinkie boy while we're out actually
brought a full sample so we can take to
our pool shop and figure out and figure
out exactly what chemicals we need to
get our pool perfectly balanced to start
I went out this morning and clean it
it's already beautifully clear it is
like it's good it looks great and just
in case you're wondering the pool filter
fixed with the jb weld totally still
holding 100% stable just in case you
doubted me so we got that muriatic acid
this helps me adjust my pH and this is
our stabilizer and no this is the
stabilizer and this is algaecide and
then we've got shot all right you guys
ready to go do some more work on pools
yeah I actually have to go help Roman
and Britt set up their filter they're
using a sand filter for their new pool
which we set up yesterday and I don't
know why the stores open it's like well
so yeah we got to go do some pool this
is quite a bit bigger a pool pump than
we have and it's a special pump because
it's a lectric catalytic oxidation pump
which means it uses saltwater so we have
actually Britain Veronica picking up 360
pounds of pull salt and the sand for the
sand filter and this is like you know
this part from my pump this is pretty
much the same but this thing uses
electricity to cause oxidation to
organic matter in the pool which is like
a way cleaner situation like this is a
good pump
there's no water in the pool yet except
for covering the bottom so we can't run
it I'm just here to set it up and then
when it is time to run it it'll be good
to go but that's a lot of parts you see
putting together pool pumps is a lot of
fun especially when you got helps do it
and so I got my boy country over here
he's nailing it country what country do
you know what part you're putting in
right there put me on the spot right oh
I got to put myself on the spot right
now I forgot to then country my dress
for our cookout we had the other day
yeah he was totally going to show up
listen it's all right I forgive him it
could have been just the best out there
you know it could have been like like
number one you know that's what it was
you know okay could it happen I had
horrible cell service but it just
happened everyone else got the proper
text again to go to the seismicity it's
all good because you know what I said
you know what country I'm invite you to
your own cookout I'm gonna make you
steak and baked potatoes go and romick's
where you want the up we want to cover
yeah just sprout I bring it down here
dude good job we met with all the wigs
all right Roman there she is
yo you killed it man like I'm over here
just tap tap-a-roo
that you only do that it's like a pool
company came out did that kinda like I
don't you could probably do pull
inflation I don't know about this though
it's definitely leaking but yeah water
so we could mount it to that is Iftars I
got plenty duct tape - yeah that would
look way better you're just waiting on
water dude literally waiting it never
starts raining out listen yep look at me
look at my shoulders don't know if you
can tell I'm hurting I could barely
sleep last night because I was so raw I
guess you could say I'm I'm red I'm
horribly red from
past three days I've been outside in the
Sun no suntan or sunscreen nothing but
the kids are having fun that's one way
to do it what is there like four inches
of water in this step on water man like
this is a rookie at all so we have
little hangout time over there always
bond hanging out over there matter of
fact we have veronika behind us she
spent the day with her seat dirt getting
your toes done like girls guys would you
ever go get your toes done like a
pedicure
now not samake not so much a guy thing
since we're out this way we are going to
go stop by old Scott Lindley house you
know even though we had a four-day
weekend
Morel Day weekend we didn't have the
opportunity hey it's got limping and
somersault daddy so we got to go stay
with up them there's something so big
happening right now guys I can't wait to
actually tell you what it is but it's so
huge and it's amazing it's incredible
opportunity I just it's one of those
things you can't like say yet but I'm
super excited to see me like super
excited but you'll not know why until
I'm able to tell you I don't know let's
just rule that three time left so we can
get over to Scottie
one
okay so here we are where it's got his
house and I thought wait God you have to
leave for vacation in like three days I
do dude I'm so sad I know you're not but
I'm going to Myrtle Beach
I've never been to Myrtle Beach I've
actually never been there either Tom
yeah Lindsay's been there me and the boy
talent really
I've been trying to do my Phantom series
the weather is beautiful I figured out
which I'll show you in a little bit how
to get the recording to actually work
matter of fact I'm going to save that
for a help too because that's a super
important thing to know if you're using
air shall to record your screen but I'm
going to do active track so I'm going to
have Scott to get on the four-wheeler
and he's just going to drive around and
you're going to show off how to use the
flight mode active track
and say I love you a thousand I love you
more I love you more
that's right with friends are going to
the beach you guys should all wish them
safe travels as they go to South
Carolina and have a really proper speech
vacation it's going to be super nice I
hope you have the best time ever dude
you see what I did I shaved my head
completely committed checking on me for
the beach to the walls what do you think
of their hair yeah I did that I cut it
myself I not did well yeah basically
that's pretty much the end of our day
keeping it a little bit structured while
the kids you know are on summer break
which they're loving it by the way but
you got a keeper right you know when you
go to school yeah I graduated school I
did my time in school now is you it's
your turn and do your time in school you
have at least with a what grade are you
in right on okay third you're now in
third grade so yeah you're third grade
here so you still have about ten years
you got a school
I'm sorry nine years yeah nice yeah nine
years until it's all great and then
after you graduate high school that's
when you get to go to college and
depending on your major that'd be
another two to four maybe even eight
years if you're going to be like a
physicist or some
there you go Carson needs to shower head
all the way down Oh foggy he needs all
the way down that's how he likes it
but yeah that's pretty much fun we're
going to leave you guys for today I have
some fun stuff planned for the next
video I'm going to try and catch my own
something out of metal I've never done
that before but I'm going to learn how
so look forward to that in the next
video guys thank you for hanging out
with us today don't forget to smash that
thumbs up button if you save to the end
as always thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to hear right here
Oh
Oh
Oh
