so what we're doing today is going over
to my buddy Scott's house for a cookout
hang out it's Sunday kind of Lazydays
sundays are the most chill days really
try to be
unless you're in the store shopping
what are we cooking
what's for dessert
you see how high the court is right now
it doesn't get much taller than that
being around this
corn crop my old life pretty much
it's always indicative of the
end-of-summer so when the corn gets
really really tall that pretty much
means that the summer's over
colony excited to go back to school
you're excited
your teacher will be nice majority of
teachers are pretty nice yeah and tell
you good to high school
I missed this baby girl when she was
staying the night it's a little darling
you're my little human
honey who's that behind you I thought
was one of the Village People
yeah we're gonna start grilling soon we
got burgers and Italian sausages did we
get broth
we got brats I don't think they're real
brats is that Johnson Bill Johnson will
stuff Scott's running the grill today as
you can tell
gasps no charcoal we got to get you a
new grill Scotty well that's fine
everyone has their preferences so I put
an android xbox playstation bad brother
mean charcoal but for me it takes way
too long this yeah true I can control
the he doesn't respond how do you prefer
charcoal yeah so we should get you a new
one yeah I bought this for $20 about
eight years ago really eight years ago
hello the fuel tank it's over 20 bucks
30 bucks yeah if you're new to the
channel then you probably haven't seen
this before but this is like the perfect
way to cook corn you just grill it right
in the husk and when you're done with it
I'll show you when we're done but you
just cut the end of it off cut that off
and you can squeeze it out like you know
like a tube of toothpaste yeah you know
and the corn will come out pretty simple
pretty easy but the only thing is it
takes quite a bit of time to cook it I
think somewhere between 30 and 40
minutes
that looks good bro definitely it didn't
take long to make that grill look ten
times better it's time for the cheese
the wonderful melty glorious cheese
that's what I'm talking about I love
cooking out love it even when I
especially when I don't have to cook it
myself the barbecue food next week we
start again with working out we need
really clean and healthy next week
what are you doing riding bikes yeah
dinner's good now so just relax watch
the kids play sky you finally clean up
your garage looks fantastic I guess it's
been that long I want to take this guy
out
on
they're like so awesome
nice blade time I give this a try
that's good man that's good that's fine
it's hardcore stuff right all right your
turn No
slow Sunday relaxing Sunday chill Sunday
see that's how I feel right now you
tried to trick me seriously
well that's funny
I really did think he was trying to
shake my head Scott we're leaving I
think you should grow it out I think
about it you should thumbs up tell us in
the comments if you want Scott to grow
like a full-on butch beard this is super
excitin CS man Taylor Carson tell her
curve is still open yes yep well I know
you can just borrow some caffeine from
your mom that's what neighbors are for
all right
change your PJs on while I make a bottle
tell mommy tell mommy how much you love
her I love you more hmm everyone say
night boys all right kids are in bed
that's better we got bigger problems in
the kids being asleep which is morning
by the way but I just got a notification
on my phone there's a tornado warning
right now in our County I don't see a
tornado do you see a tornado yeah it's
pretty dark over this way and there's
always a good indicator you see the
leaves
I've always wondered this when I was a
kid I've always heard it but people say
when you see the underside of the leaves
that means there's a storm coming and
looking at the radar definitely suggest
there's a storm coming but it doesn't
look like it's coming at us
it's like going that way but we did hear
the tornado sirens just a minute ago so
that's kind of scary well did you see
the tornado um no I heard the sirens
there's tornado warnings really yes it's
really darken in town on those in there
yeah
did you work out yes high five I'll be
going shortly as well that's why I
didn't do my hair yeah I'm gonna go to
the gym today's like heavy week I have
to lift heavier weights less reps
heavier weights can you hear it
the sirens going off here
you noise tell a tornado siren when the
tone goes up and stays up tall confident
it's definitely starting to get more
windy whoa I don't know if it's gonna
come through oh man there's a plane
flying right over there
ladies and gentlemen we are experiencing
extreme turbulence please stay seated
with your safety belts fastened and
we'll let you know when you can move
about the cabin after we turn off the
safety sign this is your captain
speaking and thank you for flying with
unit now's the perfect time for a really
cool cloud time-lapse maybe we'll catch
the storm clearly there was no tornado
but you know you know in the meal
planner says that nuts are an important
part of snacking this was easy six times
a day three big meals three amazing
meals in those Gray's ease the grazes
when grazing you should eat nuts and I
also just had a tablespoon of just
peanut butter
listen was sowing Branka Branka what you
should do we're gonna make this week
uber successful right we're gonna get
we're gonna get everything we need to
get done including our fitness goals you
already went to work out perfect
it's Colin's birthday on Saturday and we
have a lot to get done I keep pointing
the camera weird directions sorry about
that
you should sit down first they make a
list write down everything that we need
to accomplish okay it doesn't have to be
in order we'll just go down the list and
check things off right things we need to
get things we need to do you know what
I'm saying
yeah you're beautiful
Hey yeah it's Monday we've got a lot of
stuff to get done Veronica's gonna write
a list will show you that in tomorrow's
vlog so we can kind of keep ourselves
accountable yeah I I'm gonna go to the
gym here shortly
I'm gonna edit this video first so it
doesn't go up at like 7 o'clock tonight
and I'm not gonna film I'm not gonna
film every day I work out it's probably
gonna become monotonous and boring but I
don't know I'll make up my mind I like
to film this so you guys know it keeps
you on the same page with me so everyone
knows that we're still working out or
going to the gym we're completing our
goal and I think it helps with also
accountability but I don't want to keep
putting the same stuff in the vlogs
every day so if you don't see it
tomorrow doesn't mean I didn't do it it
just means it I didn't want fun I want
to focus I wanna be focused reminder my
taxer contest is still in full effect
until the end of the month make sure you
go follow me on texture I'll be posting
a really cool I'm trying this neat
little edit with Kevin on his BMX bike
you'll see if you go check it out if you
follow me on twitter you'll also see the
link to my tag store where i'll post it
so keep your eyes out on that that's all
I've got for you today thank you so much
for watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
