what's up guys welcome let me start
today's video by saying to you thank you
for always come in every single day and
watching these videos i truly appreciate
it I'm greatly humbled appreciate your
viewership that being said today's race
day me and Carson Carson is in the back
we're going to national trails it's the
Mopar nationals and we're gonna see some
pretty exciting stuff look at all these
cars and people yeah gate a lot full Oh
boys yeah look at all those cars
you don't see them this is gonna be fun
Tracy some fast cars yeah it's going to
be fun this pact business
very
yeah it's pretty sweet huh every time
they every time the lights would turn
green and the cars would take off Carson
like jumps he's like afraid oh my gosh
it's so loud though I can't blame I just
giving yes wow really well yeah I know
my buddy Scott and his son blazes here
somewhere I think they're over here
you
you
you
found a hold of my Scott exe he's doing
some camera work for me I got the GoPro
Campbell working just trying to make
some cool footage these cars are sicked
up this is this is for all your favorite
place to be along a cold chills even
though it's a hundred degrees
Carson's first time seeing stuff like
this Carson was it awesome did you see a
bunch of cool cars are you really hot
poor guy yeah you really hot too he's
kid thinking hang by Scotty see ya rear
Carson Carson don't go on the road there
you go stay on the sidewalk here that
was fun that was fun i wish we could
stay longer but we gotta keep schedule
shout out to the coolest parking lot
attendant right there oh yeah haha not
for real he's awesome I messed with him
on the way in I made him chase down the
five dollars came home and a rush to get
ready look at Veronica look how pretty
she is oh my baby she's so pretty look
it to you come on the house I like your
earrings by the way beautiful in this
like this I got that for you know so i
don't think i mentioned we were taking
the kids to grammy's house and then
Veronica and I are going up to easton to
help my ex-girlfriend celebrate her
birthday is that weird she's my friend
yeah kind of weird but it is weird but
me and her was friends before I ever met
you really yes so I'm not just gonna be
like you dated her no I like her look
everyone Sophia here maybe Liza cuteness
Hyundai baby Alice you tomorrow
look grammys keeping the kids tonight
all of them yay first night it's you
really girl mm-hmm we're going to a new
place that just opened up here in easton
bj's restaurant & brewhouse it said
burst he won't run over me he won't run
over me alright so here we are with our
entire crew look you know beam is old
Matt Tricia angel Josh that's kristin
down there
Kim there's Kim and her husband John
hey Trisha why don't you tell everyone
how young you are beautiful steak and
potato same as usual she doesn't try
anything new but check this out
mahi-mahi and shrimp it is there
oh boy are you drooling or what you
don't want this yeah ah did you enjoy
your dessert that was good they gave us
some weird cookie with ice cream on top
I mean I've never heard of that before
really picture time easy bake oven
compass yeah we need someone to take the
picture removing the party that was
dinner dinner at bjs now going to adobe
gilas it's like a bar it's a bar it's
our I'm not gonna drink very much
actually I'm not gonna drink maybe but
one but Veronica it's on you you go do
the partying okay I've already had 22
peach margaritas to peach margaritas
they were delicious and you want to go
to Tiffany's
sure I'll take you there we should go to
victoria secrets first oh yeah look at
those wing oh yeah go you go on buddy ok
I'll go if you're not ok Easton is
hopping right now i'll give us I'm gonna
lose people so adobe gilas is the place
we're going to it's inside the main like
mall part and kind of lost our whole
group so I'm going to try and park in
the parking garage I think that
everyone's going to park in easton
finally got the parking lights these all
these red lights up here the first and
only time I've seen those was in Santa
Monica in a parking garage I was blown
away by how cool that was Easton's
finally got it but that was way wrong
it's green but there's a car in it Shh
Veronica's just saying her belly
you suck it up cream puff
just realized why it's so busy because
Ohio's having this tax holiday
everything this weekend is tax free
back to school stuff like that
don't hang though
yeah so everyone everything's tax-free
so everyone's like going crazy like it's
black
do the Alex Mandel on it I can smell
so we'll get kicked out
I'm I see here
Christopher burger has you a blowjob
shot
is going down yeah dig in there girl
yeah get it get it all over
someone get this girl towel good morning
last night was fun we had a good time we
didn't get to create why didn't get too
crazy it was just fun the kids just got
home Liza baby girl here's Carson hahaha
buddy did you have fun yeah yeah we went
to church today yeah yeah hmm there's
Colin thanks for keeping them Grammy oh
of course i always love keeping my baby
she said Eliza didn't sleep very good
that's why grandmas goes don't take a
nap incredible how much I missed the
kids when you become a parent going out
and partying like you used to is not
there's a lot to get done you guys this
week Collins birthday is next saturday
right teeth we're having a Collins
birthday party here we want to have all
of our cleaning and everything done not
only for the birthday party but to be
ready for when James and Holly arrive so
we have a lot to get done what we want
to ask you guys is leave us a comment
down below of some ideas that we should
that we should do four columns burka we
want to do the water blob thing again so
that all the kids can play on that it's
August it's like a cell late summer
birthday sort of be nice and warm we
want to do like water fun so we're going
to just water blob I think we're gonna
do a cool like water balloons yeah and
we saw online this
contraption out of PVC pipe that we can
build like a big frame and then hook the
water hose up to it and like the kids
can run through it you know it'll be a
whole big thing and of course we'll film
it also leave us some cool ideas some
cool water fun ideas to do for Collins
birthday and we'll see if we can't make
this happen so that's all I got for you
today thank you so much for watching and
I can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
