hey guys you want to see the cutest
thing you've ever seen
who
she was playing on the floor and then
got tired and just fell asleep she
started sucking yeah ready ready ready
ready
shh-shh we're gonna hang out set huh you
guys got your swimming gear right you're
just swimming here before we go I want
to tell you guys a little story about my
lunch I Veronica got me the salmon so I
cook it up and I start eating it and
after I'm done eating it what the heck
something feels funny in the back of my
throat it was like it was like scratchy
real scratchy and I look at it in the
mirror and I look back there and there's
a little piece of white is that I try
and gargle and get it out but I couldn't
I couldn't film it either because it was
so like painful I was like gagging I was
ready to get this whatever was out
veronica has forceps upstairs and I had
to go upstairs and grab them real quick
I had to go upstairs and grab him real
quick and look in the back and went
through and I was able to get it I got
back there with the forceps and pulled
it out it was a little piece of bone
fishbone stuck impaled into my tonsils
can you believe that you can believe
that it was awful feeling everything I
couldn't film it so I thought I'd tell
you the story it was bad I was like
what's going on I'm sitting here like I
can't swallow so you know when you're
trying to swallow but you can't there's
been I have a lot Kirsten we got to
watch
we gotta stop at Kathy Veronica's dad
and Kathy's she got Seth a housewarming
gift and we're gonna deliver it to him
since she will most likely never see him
I saw those really thoughtful isn't it
thoughtful Kathy is the most thoughtful
person Kathy if you're watching this
what you know you are what you get me
I mean Seth Wetzel nothing for you I
made this for Seth yes you did Christy
wait you made it I made it oh oh it's my
own to go hands everything but the wood
but they don't film listen to you oh hey
won't say it's fragile oh that's awesome
I've always wanted a piece of paper like
this you know you could do so many
things with it like start a fire his
vlogs - oh that's awesome
and so we're sitting there talking
Kathy says yeah so you had to let off
your little bombs right and leave and I
looked at Veronica Veronica looks at me
and we're both like I didn't set off the
bomb did you know I'm gonna run back to
the house set off those this
first one and then run like hell hey
come on let's go we got a gum time hey
watch it lady
thanks again Kathy yes no worries
do that sign right there this is
Frazee's burg Frazee's booth is where
Veronica used to live right I used to
drive all the way from Mount Perry
paratah key two phrases Berg just to see
bro cuz I thought she have been looking
is a long way yeah and I always had to
go home to like you know I didn't stay
the night all the time do you bid I
stayed the night the first night yeah I
don't remember long ago you slept on the
couch really we made it we made it we're
at Seth's house we're out in the middle
we're on the middle of nowhere there is
literally nothing around us but trees
and grass and dogs in trees would you
find
welcome guys to Casa de Wetzel Casa de
Wetzel this is nice man we I could see
like some zombie invasions happening
over here
Halloween time little scare thingy this
is nice
Shady Acres well shady well you got all
this on you okay good to see you brother
you like my camera yeah this one's brand
new yeah this one I had to get cuz the
other one i sat on an ack-ack what is
that peach gold gold might be kind of
rose gold it looks it looks more peachy
to me yeah I'm not crazy about the color
but I needed a new camera for this
anything
yeah are you going to the pool I'm gonna
go eat by the pool okay get it Eliza
that's giving me the house tour yeah
yeah yeah this is a treat guy but if he
watch sets of blogs he's probably
already giving me the tour but now if
you see incest vlog you've already
probably seen the tour but I mean
look at this you crazy yeah you know
what I like a fridge I screw the house I
don't care about the house where's the
TV put TV on it man dude that's awesome
oh you know what to do
Samsung makes frigerators I like the
kitchen dude cabinetry's nice yeah so uh
what are you here this is a good kitchen
all Y K yeah
look at Seth's closet door dude I didn't
know you're such a fan I didn't like him
until he started getting tattoos and
then what I did it was the tattoos yeah
I fell in love we'll cut that part out I
believe it did you boys have fun
swimming I'm sorry I didn't see you seth
has given me the tour she wrote the big
one is that a nice pool yeah it's big
huh I want to pull that baby look how
big it is here I was even thinner I
meant to get down there while they were
swimming but Seth will show me around
honestly I'd like to get a pool that
size for our house but I kind of want to
in-ground like I've sparked my
imagination here with this one there's a
lot of stuff to be done with this house
and it's super nice it's got great
potential and I want to do like I
haven't told you this I want to do like
a patio out my sliding glass door right
see I don't have you know my sliding
glass door is just a sliding glass door
and then there's nothing Yeah right so I
want to do Jack out there the steps that
walk down towards the garage and then
have like a stone patio and at the
corner the far corner the end have it
like round out big circle and in that
big circle would be a raised
ah yes so for dinner we're gonna order a
very fine dining experience this phrase
is Berg Pizza phrases bird feet so Chris
and I are still inside with the babies
there's Elias and Eliza Eliza she's
trying these little these little baby
mama bars they're like a race race neck
she's not too sure on we think what do
you think Eliza don't know I don't know
if it's the texture kids some little
graham crackers - you try that hey let
me have this one let me have this one
here you take this one here take this
one
elias's are devouring graham crackers
he's eaten boy you're gonna try that no
I think it might be a texture thing
because she's never had anything other
than baby food Hey we tried yogurt he
has moved on to the fingers how is it
that old man has drank beer so I got a
great beer you drinking over here you
can have a beer we're going to get pizza
oh wait we've got them boys cars then
bear get your buckle on bud your ticket
but that's a good point
this is like blonde Milano I was saying
earlier how Brahma he used to live like
right up here right up here
this is where like I very first started
my relationship with Veronica it's crazy
look at this this is like dude we just
passed an Amish guy trying to pull his
kayak out of this River backyard we are
in like Amish country
how are you left your card in there you
can't do that oh man look at the Duke is
here
hey John Wayne how are you get that one
for 40 bucks and with any minute now
there's gonna be like horses roll out
here with views and their chaps at 11:00
oh that's kind of cool you know these
are all hand-painted and custom made -
someone sat on their front porch in a
rocking chair painting these I'm not
hating I'm just
what's behind the curtain that's what I
want to know what is behind the curtain
oh that's what's behind it here
hi this is this guy look at here ma hey
what do you got
I thought the chicken was dead so I cut
the line but they'll tell you look at
this sign you're the fear right and you
got him oh you got me oh that's why you
got the bandage holy they're here here's
your lucky made out laughs that dude
walked in to the pizza shop with these
feet hanging out of his pocket and I was
curious you know you know me I'm I was
like what the heck is that
hey you wanted to take me outside to
show me so the story he told me was he
found he came across this giant chicken
in the woods and he thought it was dead
he brings it back to his house on his
four-wheeler and right before he's about
to cut its head off
he says he's in mid-swing and the thing
came to life and jacked his arm all up
cut him up and and so he had to have to
actually kill him
where are we sure is pretty
oh honey you just wait till you see the
vlog we saw the most crazy stuff there
never in my life have I ever seen a guy
with freshly cut chicken feet come into
a beat pretty next level
enjoy your pizza homie I really know
that's about to open Kathy's here that
is fragile
yeah like ready
oh wow she really did make stuff you
don't smoke that Kathy I mean thank you
oh shoot like there's a hole in the back
right you put that in the back oh yeah
now I yeah yeah good gift Kathy Kathy
I'm impressed and I thank you so sleepy
she's ready for bed weird fun dude nice
little yeah it's been a while yeah I
missed you I missed you bro I'm gonna
say I missed you
now you live too far away it's a little
pissed look like like devil yeah thank
you for having us Kristen my status I'll
see you again soon yes yeah yeah
slum boys easy you came up here quick I
know you played hard huh you and
everyone good night night everyone good
night alright so we did the fogger down
here and I'm pleased to announce there's
like no please you see the white stuff
on the carb here
that's Veronica's homemade powder
substance carpet powder that did not
work but the fogger definitely did yeah
so I'm gonna go ahead and get back to
you
I feel like I've been down there all
night it's my baby girl good morning
sweetheart hi smiley Oh you down what
are you guys doing playing some halo
nice nice I just got off the phone with
my buddy Scott Mopar Nationals are
happening right now down to national
trails and we're gonna go see that the
boys have never been it's been quite a
few years since I've been down there but
one thing's for sure you're gonna see a
lot of smoke and tires and a lot of
speed and heavy engines I got a lot to
do before we leave
Veronica left for a purse auction to go
hang out with her stepmom Cathy and yeah
there's a lot of fun seeing staff
yesterday make sure you guys go hit him
up on his channel and tell him hi and we
miss him
we missile settled boy that's all I got
for today thank you so much for watching
and I can't wait to see you right back
here
