what's up guys welcome to today look let
me show you the back of the camera you
saw it before but look this is better I
had to go and get a different one
because well you can't see anything
anymore it's actually really really bad
here's a little information if you guys
want a really decent vlog camera these
sony WX - 20 s are on sale right now for
179 highly recommend picking these up i
prefer them over the canons for sure the
only thing about this camera locally
they only had this gold model so i'm
using the gold one I'm not crazy about
the gold
I'd rather black we're taking care of
the bills went paid for my Jeep made my
mortgage I got some artillery and this
war against the fleas in my house we're
gonna win we are gonna win I go into the
pet store this morning I'm like give me
the best most toxic stuff you've got
no I'm kidding seriously but there I was
I was like what's the most effective
product that I can use keep in mind I
have a baby so they gave me this stuff
tomorrow we're gonna have to sit they
gave me foggers so tomorrow we're gonna
have to set these foggers in the morning
or at some point and then
leave for the day have you experienced
the fleas at my house nope that's good
maybe it's just me I feel a mommy even
when they're not just psychological
that sucks very bad the weather out
there it's about to storm maybe if it's
not bad out tomorrow we could do my
embarrassment right oh yeah you trying
to do you got you got your outfit ready
yeah boys you're gonna show me these
tricks on trampolines yeah you showed
mommy but you didn't show me did you
show me oh there's the drawers I got
this morning look this is gonna go up in
my office
well my bedroom keep all my electronics
and stuff in yeah I'm sorry I got
sidetracked look go you guys were
jumping on this already where yeah look
at this leg is off this leg is off dude
there you go yeah the other one was
broken yeah yep get in there
whoa nice dude
Colin didn't do a side roll it just
pretty much throw their bodies in the
end there yes bring it up yo James old
chap what's up my friend
look your camera my camera
we're like did you get the g7x look at
you what was up with the s120 oh yeah
it's it's quite big though isn't it yeah
yeah this this little guy is super tiny
so you know what I'm coming to America
like something zoom in on eat you up
this game a little bit right that's a
good choice oh this is everyday bro
every day I gotta plug this baby this
this camera is almost dead oh there's
holy hey Holly
so are you excited
yeah it's gonna be fun dude this yeah
I'm super happy yeah you know I thought
I thought we could have Holly Ann
Veronica prepare a meal and we'll make
like a contest you know and we'll be
that will be the judges right and I
think that's gonna be fine oh we can
cook you guys the mail it'll be real
easy all we got to do is pick up our
phone call Pizza Hut and it'll be on
it'll be over so James Holloway Veronica
myself for just discussing the events
that we are going to partake in while
they come to see us got a lot of fun
stuff to film and it's gonna be super
funny James you've come up with some
pretty good ideas it's a long list
I can't wait dude we're gonna have so
much fun it's gonna be like summer camp
definitely definitely yo guys this
baby's hungry she doesn't want to wait
for daddy
I got some food on me whoopee that baby
person why'd you make her cry for you
didn't miss her hungry hungry what her
she's so mad look her eyes
Eliza you see how hungry she is right
now
she's gonna want a bottle pretty much
immediately after right yeah but there's
no clean bottles
you got peach all over the new camera
already
yes good morning
I didn't really feel much last night
because I'm working on something
the
mother do
I'm cool coming soon and I got super
tired and carried away it was super late
so I just I just went bent so I'm up
early this morning going to the gym get
my last workout in for the week and when
I get back we'll do the we'll do the
cute it 5 minute run now abs
that's that have a good workout I have
to admit I cheated a little bit that
last little piece there are supposed to
be just crunches but I went all out and
did the inverted sit-ups
I'm trying something a little different
with my shake today instead of using
water I'm using almond milk this may or
may not be really thick and I don't live
too far from the gym so I am getting
this in within well within 30 minutes
after I workout so seen some comments
about that
let's do Q a own answer some of you
guys's questions I asked yesterday in
the end of the vlog to give me some
questions in the comments so I could
kinda you know talk to you guys connect
with you on a little level Chris
flattery he wants to know if I could
move anywhere in the u.s. where would it
be
I'd like to move to California I think I
mean it is the other side of the country
and I'd miss my family dearly but the
opportunities out in California are
exponential for what I do Northern
California maybe Anthony T is asking I'm
in a photography i want to improve my
photoshop skills can you do a how-to
session on it please be more specific on
exactly what you want to learn in
photoshop and i can try and help you out
Kayvan wants to know how i watched and
serge it i watch it on my Apple TV
that's how I watch everything Apple TV
has my Netflix it's got HBO go and you
can rent movies directly from the App
Store which is pretty convenient RIS
wants to know when I'm gonna get a quad
I want to get a quad but I don't I just
I'd rather spend the money that I make
on getting more gear increasing my
production value is is a very important
quality that's why I spent the money on
the gh4 and I think my next goal a piece
of equipment is new lenses for the gh4
and a drone IJ's say what was my first
car and what is my dream car my first
car was a 1983 Nissan Sentra
it was the most Haggard vehicle you
would ever seen it's like a little box
it ended up breaking down on me a couple
months after I had it
Gasquet blew up my dream car though when
I went to the 2015 International Auto
Show in Detroit I think my favorite car
there was the Acura NSX I know it's a
supercar but I do I do like the body
style of the NSX is I think they're
pretty sweet Oh Chloe asked me if you
could name yourself anything other than
chase what would it be and in the
comments I said it would be Batman and
then we had a sub question Christian
Bale or Michael Keaton I'm gonna go old
school and say Mikey because he was the
most badass Batman there ever was a
couple people have asked if we're taking
the family on another holiday or
vacation yes we are going in the
beginning of September we're going back
to the Outer Banks with the family that
seems to be our destination and I think
after this trip to the Outer Banks our
next vacation slash holiday is
definitely gonna be somewhere tropical
last question from Ishmael Sanchez what
are your toughest challenges when you
first started vlogging and now what do I
film my life isn't exciting right the
hardest thing to figure out for blogging
is what do you film and in my experience
what I decided to do was just provide
for you my perspective throughout every
single day and give you some advice
teach you different things and through
and through just turning the camera on
and talking to it like it's an actual
person instead of a camera I found that
I really reached my stride for ferpa
logging if you go back and watch the
very first couple vlogs in my opinion is
definitely kind of awkward but if you've
been a subscriber for a very long time
you can see the progression of where
like I treat the camera now
as as person because I know there's
people on the other side watching I know
you're sitting there in your computer
chair or on your couch eating popcorn
watching this on the big-screen TV and
it's it's more of a one-to-one
communication I think now so between
then and now it was awkward for me at
the at the very beginning but now I feel
like there's so many of you watching
it's almost like an actual you know
personal connection and that concludes
Q&A despite some of you saying that it
might be a bad idea I am extending the
texter contest until the end of the
until the end of August if you want to
win a GoPro all you have to do is follow
me on tag sir you can either spend $500
on the GoPro or you could follow me on
texture all the details are in the
description below make sure you check
that out that's all I got for you today
I got to get ready and fog this house
for the fleas and then we're gonna go
hang out with my buddy Seth so thank you
guys so much for watching and I can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
