whats up guys today is LOA day we're
going to grove city to shoot again with
my good buddy Kevin teats some BMX up
this park is huge from what I hear and
douse come with hey this is just a quick
note on now I'm trying to make different
choices as far as my nutrition we stop
to the gas station I wanted to get a
snack for the road this is like 45
minutes from sitting I got and cheese X
pepperoni and cheese instead of Doritos
or something sugary like candy bar
nows gets caramel popcorn so every day
I'm trying to make those little
decisions to eat something a little bit
better like
for the past couple days I've gotten
snags but they were like beef jerky
isn't as protein
not so much Bob of water I got water
water water
tail design Mark Braud today maybe we'll
see like now like you start min and
cannon all the self are sometimes quiet
dude this is the kind of park up so
you're talking about rights at how are
you man sup dudes you look a little
sweaty the oven dudes place to get those
so yeah it's a race track yo look out i
started working out bro I catch up big
last time I saw you know I don't protein
shakes I heard they work yeah yeah I'm
trying I'm trying this park is so huge
this is perfect for Kevin to get massive
massive air
the alice is in charge of running the
camera for behind the scenes of this
little chute dallas can you handle it I
think you can handle check this out
Kevin is about to do a back you can
write over this hip it's gonna be super
NAR go what what are you waiting for
the talent unfortunately has to do take
after take after take because we want to
switch up the angle so I went from an
angle right there to an angle right
there I'm going to go to this angle and
then when we go back to that angle
ah
Oh
we just finished our film set Kevin what
do you think about the film session
exhausting but awesome it's gonna be a
really really cool turnout I I told you
earlier i put these poor guys through
the ringer like no I want another one do
it again now hold on too much for me we
got some sick footage here today for
sure why don't you shout out your
Instagram so everyone can watch it it's
just kevin teats simple just use my name
and I definitely pull up and there's
always a bicycle in the icon of course
hey I'll put the link in the description
so you guys can find real easy but don't
you go check out Kevin he's definitely a
sick rider appreciate what are we doing
dinner yeah you're running from dinner I
know yo that was fun right when's the
last time you've been to a skate park
like that dude grove city park is huge i
didn't expect it to be that may have
hours ago
that was fun we got a lot of really good
footage and I'm gonna put together like
a teaser Rio to send a cabin so you can
put on his Instagram and yeah make sure
you guys go check that out Kevin's an
awesome rider and he's also dead his
daughter was there to riding and she's
actually not too bad so thumbs up for
Kevin we're going home to try and catch
dinner hi honey x honey hey I gotta go
do something are you right man love you
baby daddy be right back alright so what
I'm doing is I made a decision today
my back feels a little bit better
someone to go ahead it
hold up to my commitment
and I'm gone to the gym to complete day
three of my my workout schedule I
definitely did a little more stretching
before I started but today was leg day
anyway it was just calf raises leg
extensions leg curls I didn't do the
press like the Smith press because I
felt like that might hurt my back a
little more but the point is i wasn't
gonna come today because i was really
really hurting but I came anyways
and I feel a lot better about them it's
funny it's funny how this works like a
Liza's food is outer and now after
workout i'm drinking powder for the rest
of tonight we're going to rewatch the
insurgent movie that we both fell asleep
on last night and i think that's about a
person what is that in your shirt come
here stand up you see that look let's
send the gladiators in there to
investigate look hold on let's drop it
up bottom here we go it was nothing it
was nothing it was nothing but look
what's for breakfast look check this out
four eggs with hot sauce toast with
marmalade and this morning shake is
almond milk bananas peanut butter
blueberries and the protein powder
Rebecca Nana's yeah the campers over
there no Martian they're too yeah that
sucks today's gonna be a rainy day you
really did I can't complain though the
past like week or so it's been beautiful
so yeah whatever breakfast was great got
a shower feel great not as sore as i was
before i think actually going to the gym
in spite of my feeling soreness was a
great idea what do you think
yeah so I'm get right go uptown I gotta
do a couple errands today look it's it's
a rainy cloudy crappy day perfect day to
get stuff done I'm gonna go pay my
mortgage my G payment we're gonna get
some flea spray for the basement and get
the rest of this stuff knocked out she
drop eggs and toast nice all right so I
gotta go uptown and get some stuff done
listen guys thank you so much for tuning
in today let's do let's do Q&A tomorrow
so why don't you have some questions in
the comments below and also answer me
this are you interested at all in
extending my texture contest yet another
month if I raise the bar to 6000 we're
almost halfway there so let me know if
we should continue the tags or contests
I want to give away a gopro hero4 but
you guys gonna play ball so let me know
in the comments below that's all for us
today thank you so much for watching and
we can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
