whoa I don't know about you guys but I
feel great just leaving the gym I did
what kind of swim my arm is how freaking
swole I literally just walked out of the
door of the gym and today was back and
biceps and I'll tell you I cannot even
feel my arms
can you go get that protein in but I
gotta go get pool filters and baby food
all that dad stuff so we got a B and C
told me that the best time to drink my
protein is to drink it after you workout
so tear down your muscles and then come
back home and replace and repair your
muscles with that protein I hope this is
the right stuff you talked me into it
you're going later right honey
get them Gaines give them Gaines
are you hungry baby I got two changes
cute so check this out we let the pool
go for a couple days and busy doing
other stuff and boom packed agreed so
that's why I had to get these filters
the one that was in here with shot I'm
gonna have to shock it and then it's
like starting back at square one
except for worse
and every time I turn this camera on
every time I turn this camera on now the
screen is just so messed up I can't even
see what I'm filming I just have to
pretty much yes but I've been doing this
long enough I know how to point the
camera but if I'm trying to do like good
looking you know like those still shots
time lapses or whatever
I can't frame it the way I want to so I
think we're gonna have to go get another
camera I just finished with the vlog I
have another video that I'm helping a
buddy work on Veronica's enjoying her
new sweeper I just got all this stuff
done all these clean dishes I'm just
gonna put those away trying to make
dinner soon we're just we're on a roll
guys we're trying to get everything
every single square inch of this house
is cleaning or in the process of
cleaning and will be clean
we mess around next step is hanging back
up these picture friends out here I want
to do something different though I don't
want to just hang up family pictures out
here cuz this is more like a you know
people come over this is like the main
area so I feel like I want to hang stuff
like this
these right here
these caves or whatever
I don't want to put the love picture
down here because Veronica doesn't want
us down here I'd hang it down here
Carson came to get me and said I had my
training wheels loose I want to I want
to fix it he he already got my tools and
opened them and spilled them all over
it's all right buddy what do you do you
got it you tightened it yourself yes
really all I had to do yeah you opened
that part didn't you that's the right
one yep man always remember here's how I
always remember righty-tighty
lefty-loosey if you turn to the right
it'll get tight turn it to the left
it'll get loose okay just a little tip
obviously you've been paying attention
to Daddy Rico I'm impressed but you know
what why don't we try and take these off
you should try and start riding your
bike without training wheels
yeah
you can't be scared you can do it I can
help you if you want I don't want to
rush you but there is gonna come a time
where you're gonna ride your bike with
no training wheels and you're gonna
you're gonna be so good at it you gonna
do it now you should take them off
really I'm getting eaten no oh no whoa
whoa whoa no stuck in me yeah eles
disgusting now I'm gonna get West Nile
are you ready
do you remember what I told you about
riding your bike ask ask where we're
gonna go
know about riding your bike without
training wheels
oh wow
yep it's all about the balance gonna let
this roll and try and teach him right
here
I want to do
he's so close
he just relies on me too much I want him
to get it so bad cuz then he can be like
Colin Colin doesn't need those training
wheels anymore
you'll get it buddy keep your head up
you'll get this he's tired he said I
need something in my mouth I gotta say
honey
since deadlifts I did today I did
barbell deadlifts three sets of ten how
much is the bar is it 45 35 45 yeah and
45 that's 95 pounds I think I was a
little overzealous 95 pound barbell
deadlifts I'm feeling my back is
definitely sore now I understand why
those guys were the belts they were
tough definitely sore I gotta say I'm
definitely sore my chest is sore my
shoulders are sore I did biceps today my
biceps are sore my back is sore I was
just reading some tweets and someone
says your first leg day will be your
worst leg day I don't know though my
legs have always been much stronger and
I think that's the norm your legs are
stronger than yes I need to eat like two
chicken breasts some asparagus it's
hitting this
well tonight is movie night for us
I watched divergent a couple days ago to
get me pumped up I knew Tuesday today
was the release of insurgent and I'm
super pumped to watch that I haven't
seen it yet so we about to watch that
looks like Eliza won't be joining us for
movie night and little baby
I know you're thinking guys Gill the
transition game is work you know this I
fell asleep last night watching
insurgent and I'm kind of disappointed
because I really really really really
really really really wanted to see that
movie really I ended up waking up with
like for something in the morning on the
couch still and that did not help my
back situation
it didn't this is your fault you usually
wake me up say hey let's go to bed
yes so the workout plan that I'm on
makes me work out for days and then take
the weekend off for recover I'm not sure
if I can go workout today because I do
not want to ruin my back hurts worse I
understand after a day working out my
back
I should be sore but I think I'm more
sword than I should be so just a player
safe I think I'll probably take today
off and switch today for Friday because
the routine has me workout Monday
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
Saturday Sunday to fuel I mean I guess
like II eat like crazy so I think my up
switch just to just to make sure I don't
hurt myself what yeah you do have some
training to do you're gonna ride that
bike today buddy
with no training wheels Veronica's doing
all this crazy laundry stuff I'm about
to go out and mow cuz it's way overdue
way overdue
so yeah I gotta go them up mode I need a
wee dear you know it's the one thing I
haven't bought yet is a weed eater as
long as I've lived here I've always
borrowed her mom's just right get one of
those you feed my baby what do you eat
in apples and chicken now we're going
for some peaches oh you've grown so big
you're growing so big and your hair's
growing too you just can't tell well
guys I think that's gonna be about it
for today I know I'm gonna definitely
have to sit down later and finish
watching insurgent can't wait to see
that movie I can't believe oh I fell
asleep for sure yeah I did so yeah I
think that's uh that's all we got for
you guys today I'm gonna take a shower
and make up online as to whether or not
I'm gonna workout today maybe I just go
and do something so I don't not go for a
day I don't know I just I don't want to
hurt myself and then not be able to work
out for a few days so I don't know
what's your thoughts no hate and I'm not
putting out either that's all I got for
you guys today thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see you right
back here tomorrow
