what's up guys good day to you today's a
special day today Monday August 3rd I
finally made the decision to commit to
becoming more fit and care more about my
health
and living a healthy lifestyle so me and
Veronica now she's everything from
driving we're on our way to the gym I'm
gonna do I have a mass gaining guide
given to me by the one and only furious
Pete and today I'm doing day one of his
training exercise
I'm excited I'm excited and I want you
guys to be excited right along with me
this is a good thing it's a good thing
I'm gonna do the obligatory
before I start working out picture front
inside you know I mean all skin and
bones to jump
I want to gain like
fifteen pal
I think 150-160 is a good way for me
what I want most is to start building
you know muscle plants I've never ever
ever had muscle mass and it's kind of a
shame that I've just now decided to do
that at 32
but we're gonna do this and I need your
help to keep me motivated ready let's do
this you guys are witnessing I'm not
gonna get run over they're gonna wait
for me you're witnessing the very first
step into Gilroy's transition to being
like super Muscle Beach
I did bench press incline dumbbell press
my cable crossover dips triceps and
skull Crusher's I don't think I filmed
it very good hey hey you did good too
honey this is great
Oh baby I feel great it feels good to
actually have your first workout in the
bag I mean I've worked out before but
I feel like this time it's different
because I actually want to I want to
make a routine of it so we're gonna go
now to GNC and I'm gonna get some
protein powder for shakes and then we're
also gonna go it's a war on it's a war
on the flea problem at my house so we're
gonna go to get a new vacuum because our
vacuum has definitely died it's it's
it's a war it is war this stuff just got
real look I got my protein from GNC
Veronica meal replacement powder I'm
trying to gain weight she's trying to
lose it it's a funny dynamic yeah and
then I can turn it into muscle this is
cool man we're really doing this aren't
we Harry
this is where it gets real people
choosing the right vacuum for your house
I wouldn't mind getting a Dyson here's a
little-known fact people I used to sell
vacuum cleaners believe it or not I used
to sell those kirby vacuums and I did
pretty good I just kind of sucked
because the company shocked me out of a
lot of my commission so I do know a lot
about vacuums and most of these vacuums
although they look cool and they're
shiny and red they're garbage because
over time they lose suction in a vacuum
that lives a suction that's worth almost
as much as another hole in your face I
prefer that over Eureka or Bissell here
you gotta carry this I did step one
after that work yeah
I didn't go too crazy on working out
today because I want to make sure that I
want to make sure that I do it right you
know in in the past I would work out and
I'd work out so hard because I think
that I got to put as much weight on my
on my plate as possible to get the best
results but I don't think that's the
case like I don't want to hate it after
I start doing it I want to ease into it
so that over time it you know it becomes
it feels natural it's not overbearing
I've been plugging on the zoo video
pretty much since we came back and I'm
almost done look at that a little cute
little monkey they're so cool this is
the newest born chimpanzee at the zoo so
cool almost done I'm sorry honey you
guys that one took me that blog took me
like three and a half hours to edit it I
could have done better but we needed a
vlog up today you know it's good it's
good
this is what's for dinner mmm breakfast
burritos I think my favorite part about
it can be the sausage yeah we were
hungry baby
I want like for work
yeah so what are we eating
what are you freedom what you crazy
Thanks are you singing Wow let's just
say a lies it lies is very vocal you
don't really need to build it you just
have to snap the handle in yeah here
hold this Eliza
hold that Eliza good girl you're good
filmer
that's like alien spacecraft technology
for a vacuum
alright let's fire this bad boy up
you pray I can't see him but there's a
couple fleas in there guys this thing
definitely is gonna do its job that's
why we kind of got like a not so
expensive vacuum after we get done with
this flea destruction we're gonna
probably get rid of this vacuum and get
one that we know hasn't because you know
it might have like it's possible for the
flea eggs to live inside the vacuum and
then hatch and then I mean you're facing
the same problem all over again
so mm-hmm so we didn't do too much vlog
in the day because we're trying to get a
bunch of stuff you know done around here
cleaned up like I said before I got a
guest coming in at the end of the month
and I want to make sure everything's you
know nice and tidy neat in order no
please well I was editing the vlog
yesterday's vlog Veronica was upstairs
going nuts on the bathroom in our closet
bedroom I'll show you
you got these bags all over full of
clothes that she doesn't need or want
anymore
there's one working on but Veronica
likes Pickens being in the bathroom
everything all done we need to do this
spray for that stuff I'm still trying to
figure out what exactly we should use
but we might end up having to repaint
the ceiling but it looks good it looks
good honey
see all these clothes are here these are
mine
those are Veronica's well this is mine
but majority of this stuff in here I
never ever ever wear so we're gonna like
get rid of it
like donate it or something I still wear
this shirt I kind of like that shirt I
don't think I can get rid of that one I
need to do something with my desk area
and get that up you Dundee she's done D
I'm kind of done D you know I got rid of
that scrap bear in mind my stuffy nose
and it doesn't hurt so bad anymore but I
think it's moved down like my throat yes
draining I don't know I think we're
gonna have to go watch an episode of
orange is the new black and chill 7:00
a.m. we can't go together tomorrow
watching it I know that's the problem
wake up one last chore for today we got
this stuff from the vet it's a you know
like a like frontline flea treatment
this is how you go to war with your pets
oh my gosh you're touching it oh you
don't want such I'm out of here
so slight change of plans I got in the
shower and got ready and everything I
plan on going to work out later but I
need to go get pool filters for the pool
so I'm going to workout right now so I
guess that's where we'll leave you guys
today
thumbs up for Fitness guys if you made
the vlog give me a big thumbs up I'm
really really doing this I'm serious
about it and I hope to inspire a lot of
you guys to do well with your health and
fitness goals also so with that thank
you so much for watching I can't wait to
see you right back here
