hey guys good morning Eliza's waking up
from her nap let's go get her
hi baby care what's doin I love that
smile cause we kind of broke our camera
can you see the screen it's all messed
up I must have sat on it this morning I
had it in my back pocket and I think I
sat on it cuz I heard the camera at the
chair but that sucks I feel bad I don't
have any like last birthday that we went
to for my mom I paid her in the face
with whipped cream but I don't have
anything exciting to bring her this time
what should we do she gave her loving we
should give her Lovins okay yeah I did
prank her she brings me back remember of
my birthday mm-hmm well actually with my
dad that was fun I just heard on the
radio this is very disappointing I just
heard on the radio
multiple advertisements about back to
school back to school ready it sucks I
don't want I don't want the kids to go
back to school I mean as a parent
and when you go back to school but I
feel like summer doesn't even but just
begun and now it's back to school
first thing are you ready to go back to
school yeah you ready first grader here
you blog so let's go say hi I brought
you something I share it every morning
cousin love is this cousin love yeah you
guys are awesome they're associating
with each other
figuring each other out somebody I like
the new haircut you see my camera look
look at my camera screen look at Mom's
cake happy 25th birthday you know how
old I am
you know preposterous that's in there
what I said I think it's great I think
it's great
mom mom congratulations you're turning
25 today that's so cool
this is the part of the day that I've
been waiting for the most time to chow
down
mm-hmm cheese can't go wrong with that
look look out corn on the cob brats and
burgers and cheese for Utah gosh that's
a hefty oh of course he can fire
Oh where's everyone out I gotta sing
happy birthday go get everyone don't be
down with cake all right happy birthday
to you happy birthday
happy birthday to you I'll do the ice
cream reset were lies in another point
yet to have birthday cake don't you
rather when you have your first birthday
daddy's gonna get you biggest cake look
them all over yourself
and you can just go to town like you are
on that list I'll tell you I've actually
never seen anyone light a birthday cake
one is a grenade that was Hiro was
talking about Renee she doesn't know her
periscoping tell her happy birthday guys
tower happy birthday it's mom's birthday
my bride has no idea what her look there
you happy birthdays huh oh dang I hit it
too many times
happy birthday happy birthday
happy birthday mommy so we spent some
time on periscope everyone say hi I'm
periscope I thought it'd be just kind of
cool to periscope with my mom for her
birthday
but uh yeah everyone say hi what up it's
hard to see this
you guys can screenshot you know what
the party's over
we're always the ones that remain right
there talking about our talking about
skydiving busted is your drums on her
birthday
are you really down for that you want to
skydive you're kidding me you will not
catch me jump out of the plane I can't
believe you want to do that I could hang
blood yeah you two are the ones god I do
terrifying
yeah baby girls packed ready to go mom
did you have a fantastic birthday party
oh yeah
we're saying you happy birthday and
everything hell dad lit your candles
with a torch
I mean you can't get much more exciting
than that we're here and we made some
special plans to go somewhere nice
tomorrow be fun maybe I'll tell you
before the end of the vlog but for now I
just want to keep it a secret
come on kids were leavin poor Eliza
she's probably like I'm gonna sit back
here with these two buckle up buddy
buckle up let's go home let's go dude
were you waiting for we've been home for
20 minutes I bring her in the car seat
she's still asleep as soon as the boys
enter the back door
look she's wide awake but we need to get
some rest okay boys
Carson yeah I'll tell the gladiators
good night : we're gonna have allies
we'll watch them go to bed sir maybe
she'll be I don't know easier to lay
down and go to sleep right now Liza
no no baby Carol let's hope this works
you won't be able to see in here it's do
York I think it's been overall pretty
pretty good day hanging out family I
don't know what else to say I think we
should just skip to a coffee in the
morning and there we go keep things
moving along nicely get a cup of coffee
so man be nizzle bizzle excited for
today yeah yeah I can't wait
it's been a while Oh Colin made a good
point actually this morning is you've
been there but not since we became
vloggers I thought it was Colin that's
definitely Colin
clearly I'm losing my money so what do
you say we tell everyone where we're
going today it's it's a special place
that I've been there for a while it's a
lot of fun kind of exotic but more on
the team side where we go no we probably
aren't gonna go to Zuma Beach eBay Oh
what is the reason a me too but we
should just go to the zoo when you go to
the zeroes of Columbus Zoo they have
like a few buys in busy Bay tickets you
do get also admission to the zoo so I
don't think you're equipped to go to zoo
BC bad so that's what we're doing I'm
gonna try and make a really cool video
out of that of course you know me so I'm
gonna set this camera down get my
editing done thank you guys so much for
watching
and being as awesome as you are I know
we had a little bit of a thing yesterday
and I'm glad we talked about it I really
do appreciate that so thank you guys so
much we truly do love you so that's all
we got for today thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see all of
you right back here
