what up guys welcome to today a
beautiful day here beautiful day I think
about getting a nice cool time-lapse of
this sky it's always cool having a
time-lapse with a lot of clouds in the
sky cuz then you can see them you know
we're in Dallas is fine know what it's
about out of gas so they had to stopping
it guess we're gonna go get this hair
taken care look at this mangement kind
of control we're not going to a salon
today we're gonna go to an actual barber
tell me if you feel the same way I do
you always feel a lot better no matter
how you feel when you get a haircut
something about getting a haircut makes
you feel good so that's why I'm doing it
I was just checking out Dallas the CD I
don't know anyone who carries CDs
anymore but Dallas has this CD in here
this is my buddy Chad's x-band
I designed their album artwork cross
solder you see the circuit board down
there pretty cool
pretty soon it's kind of loud in this
car while he's driving so we can't
really film Lars driving seat belt for
Dallas he needs that he needs a nice new
car he's got the kind of car where you
gotta put the wood block in to keep the
window down or up people are gonna be
like hey I know it's coming
Rob me well all the I do is walk beside
it bro I mean we're going into this
place and you're just leaving it down no
no big deal all right so we're going to
a barber shop instead of the old order
usually go to Great Clips bones look at
that dude in the reflection I like that
place that's good that's good they give
you the straight razor on the neck just
in case you live in this area this is
Newark Ohio
that's bones bones barber shop on or I'm
sitting here with Dallas just hanging
out uploading videos editing we're
uploading right now but I want to show
you guys Dallas his new tattoo you
bringing it what does it mean it's just
the start of an Alice in Wonderland
sleeve so you have the Spade Club oh
you've got the diamond and the hearts
and the eye when I get a bunny right
here with the clock
I get the Mad Hatter right here I mean
the Cheshire Cat the Cheshire cats gun
right here his fate or his smile in his
eyes right there we're all mad here and
I get it like an owl looking thing with
all the older characters inside of it up
here and then fillers is just gonna be
like the Guard soldiers yeah that's cool
I don't know I thought about doing
asleep cuz you know like biggest parts
of my life her family and then filming
and
shop in the hole graphic design stick so
I thought if I got a sleeve and I
thought about this for a while just
never did it but I want to do a sleeve
of like Photoshop tools like the pen
tool the camera lenses film clips like a
director's slate all kinds of film stuff
okay know some graphic design stuff
would be sweet as getting like a film
roll going all the way down your arm
yeah he's like a pillar inside the film
strip would be like calling Carson Eliza
Veronica look guys we just gave Garmin
the new Garmin his first time lapse test
ran a low battery huh I think it was
probably I don't know I don't think
it'll tell me I let it run for like two
hours I think there's a two hour time
lapse so let's take this stuff back
inside oh here's something cool this new
camera works perfectly with all the new
or all the GoPro mounts
all right so busy day for me I've
wrapped up editing another video this is
the female video that you probably
already watched by now busy busy day so
for Annika and the kids they went to her
cousin Amanda had her daughter had a
birthday party and that's where they're
at right now so why don't we go check
out what they're doing
Oh
good
down
yeah
I'm sad I had to miss out on the bull
riding that looks like it probably would
have been a lot of fun but I'm actually
on my way there right now to pick up
baby Eliza it seems it's Amber's last
night and she wants to stay and have a
couple drinks so get the baby girl I'm
coming to raid the leftover so if
there's only one piece of cake out of
here I should just I should just take it
with me barbecue weenie
that's what amber thought they were it's
not barbecue eating chocolate cake what
the heck okay sure what do you think
Eliza she's still up it's like 10:30 all
right baby girl you ready baby I'm
taking her and I'm taking the Jeep and
taking everything except for Amanda in
Carson oh jeez this girl this girl's so
bent out of shape
she just got blocked on Facebook she's
like walk me on Facebook hope hold my we
like a dead cat poor kitty
oh poor kitty Amanda
we were the person I was finally grew
some hair I love it it sounds pretty oh
good Louise
this morning and I feel 89% better those
guys that's good breakfast time
bananas we're gonna do bananas again you
hungry yeah okay let's get to it
so amber goes home today amber it was so
much fun having you yeah
did you have a good time it was it
relaxing enough well good yeah we're
gonna go to that we're gonna go to the
Outer Banks soon and we're gonna come
down and terrorize her house for a cup
of eight roommates the airport
amber ready to go home I'm not ready for
it don't either
the road up with me sound right back on
my cell
all right
love al phobia
I hope your bag don't break on the way
another beautiful day it's sad to see
amber go there was a lot of fun having
amber here but everyone's vacations in
so she's got to go back home and yeah
it's kind of sad so amber it was fun
having you what else is sad and I think
we should maybe talk about yesterday's
fan mail video so it appears for the
first time ever really on my channel
there's an overwhelming disapproval for
yesterday's fan mail video in the
behavior I believe solely on my behalf
let me build a comparison let's say for
instance you go to a restaurant every
single day for lunch and at that
restaurant you try the same meal but
they put something new on the menu and
you decide what the heck I'm gonna try
this new dish you try the dish and you
hate it do you then write a letter to
the management or the corporation and
say I absolutely hate your dish and I'll
never eat your food again do you just
completely write-off that restaurant and
never go there again because you tried
something new and you didn't like it I
guess the point I'm trying to make is
the previous fan mail video I feel I
feel like they were a little bit boring
we open the letters we read them it just
feels like it felt like to me that they
weren't very entertaining to watch but
yesterday's fan mail video I wanted to
inject a little bit of hyperactivity a
little bit of action a little bit of a
different energetic attitude that a lot
of you perceived as disrespectful and
rude and that's really unfortunate never
in my life would I intentionally be rude
or disrespectful to anyone let alone a
fan who took the time to create
something or to package something and
send
us to open you guys know that I put a
lot of care and attention into the fact
that I love interacting with you guys I
it's been a while since we've done
omegle but we enjoy the omegle sessions
I like to interact with you guys in all
forms of social media and for the most
part all the time our vlogs are
considered very positive so I don't
understand the amount the overwhelming
amount of disapproval on yesterday's PML
video and for that I invite you in the
comments section below today I will be
live on here for a couple hours or
throughout the day answering your
questions please help me understand
without being rude and disrespectful how
I was so not me anyways this one video
shouldn't change your perception of me
my morals my my respect for you the fans
so with that I issue you guys the
gladiators a sincere and humble apology
and let's talk this out together
like civilized people like adults that's
all I've got for you guys today today's
my mom's birthday party and we're gonna
go have some fun some positive fun I
suppose I'll see all of you hopefully
right back here tomorrow
