ladies and gentlemen welcome to the vlog
welcome to the official start of summer
it is Memorial Day so let us not forget
to give thanks for all those who have
sacrificed to give us our freedoms as
Americans for that thank you so much and
now today time to set up the pool water
right right for water Oh looky there we
got a grip we have a grip they're funny
so guys oftentimes in life we make
mistakes and we have the opportunity to
learn from them and one of those
mistakes that I made was I left the pole
pump out all winter long I thought I had
cleared all the water from the pump but
one of these valves that bring the water
out of the pole into the pump was open
and so the pump still had water in it
and because of that the bottom of the
pump split all the way around like this
by just trying to use some some jb weld
jb weld like that's the strong man super
super strong and I'm trying to seal it
back up to see if it'll work if it holds
we might be able to use this pump for
one more year but let that be a lesson
to you guys when they say take your pump
in in the winter they mean take your
pump in in the winter see if the water
today
so far one looks really good no leaks
where it was leaking before I don't know
we'll let this fill up all the way and
see what happened
let's do nervous
don't sound good
yeah
so hard for that she shut off
nice I don't know if I'm just a magic
miracle worker but a little bit of
tweaking and she's on my gosh the pump
is running oh yeah I got a little tip on
paper there I can fix that after we get
it cleaned and everything right so I got
a vacuum this and skin and then we won't
put any chemicals in it for today so the
kids can actually swim in it but it'll
be good to go pulls up pulled up look at
her little ponytail she got dressed on
today put down huh she didn't yep she's
starting to get heavy hmm you better
build their muscles above us we can't
get in the water right now daddy's got a
Kleenex yeah
all right okay campers
she's up here mixing the burgers all the
seasoning hello amber said her specialty
is what is it French's onion soup
packets like the dry mate7 young country
Bob Oh thinking chicken broth a little
purpose sauce I don't know you ever had
burgers like this and she brought
chih-hao thank goodness for bringing to
you pick it I forgot this is the
electric oven before you so there patty
enough they go have big patties get a
patty we want to try a bigger light huh
and I know
that was a while ago later also bananas
mac and cheese in there we got some
baked beans in there
we got chips we got what else we got the
fridge oh we kept a watermelon
oh there's pasta salad macaroni salad
hot dog burger - look at the pool it's
almost clean I got Brian over here
skimming it chase just got the vacuum
out all these kids
patiently waiting he dies do you like
her hair came yeah good job on a pool
honey oh thank you not perfect but hey
the kids the kids will swim in it all
right guys
does need chemicals but the pool is
officially open
yo web anyway of course ready go I think
I probably got really bad oh my gosh yes
you're gonna be hurting tomorrow though
buddy and Vicky started the grill for me
get everything going because we were
working on the pool and I walked into
this grill was literally starting to
catch fire again these these burgers are
greasy man so you got to have a hot zone
in a cold zone Roman came up here when
it was fully ablaze so you can see a
whole grill on fire clip in his video
but you got to have a hot zone and a
cool zone so you can move them around
and let that grease fire go out but you
know I walk up here and I get this under
control real quick we got a fix now but
you know just enjoying that Memorial Day
vibe the holidays the summer everything
is wonderful the weather is beautiful
hope you guys are having the best
weekend ever and I'll tell you up
here before long it's going to be time
to eat o of the food Oh Oh about that
the casket on the grill and they like
literally man okay they laid on top of
the chicken
yeah he does now a girl you're running
the grill you're the last one to but
what duty it's perfectly paired by a
library power so in other words about it
let's do it
paintball yeah let's do it
Robin gave me the idea and he goes if
you put any paintballs in that that the
air black bear can and you have yet like
I'll actually have it I got some old
paintball from last year they were
outside in the garage all winter so I
don't think they'll be very good in the
paintball gun so some might as well put
them to good use so I think we're going
to try to put some paintballs in this
bad boy huh I'll try it is bad not bad
balls got a gap right under my follow me
I'm just jealous because I'm going over
whoo oh my god
oh wow how much how much does the people
bring crap strand wrap right there just
hold it off set it up right here yeah
we'll just shoot it that's right there
you break you buy that's the rules
I'm finally there but you're pulling the
trigger though ok nothing crazy I
decided against putting it up against
the Toyota and fear of like I don't know
ruining the paint job or something just
blowing the logo out of the front yeah
nothing good could come of that so we'll
just use this particle board I'll put
that GoPro right there and get you guys
some slow-mo but I think it's ready to
fire do it now
what's your projection will they all
come out at least or do you think some
of them will not even tall coming out
you think know coming out whether they
all bust at stuff what do you think
they're wrong for me ready okay Oh
hey pop no no angle it this way a little
bit
oh my gosh alright so Roman wants to
shoot it straight up in the air okay
okay ready I'm ready
yeah oh no oh okay so I got to charge
the camera battery but we'll rock with
this for a little bit it's about time to
have some water fun oh man prank wars oh
dang they're not breaking
good job all right oh whoa like Brandon
dude you met you had to move into it
all we can do now Liza effectively track
we're going to start the fire I saw
these so I saw these at royal king
trying to find the pumps and and it says
color your fire nothing magical flames
yeah so you're just pouch earth so you
just toss this whole pouch into the fire
and it makes it change color Oh enough
just Meyer breathing dragon back look at
Zac doing that look pray let you look
fire-breathing dragon Carson you're
about to see the coolest most colorful
flames ever seen in your life
wise are you ready okay Colin you ready
you want to toss it in there okay put it
right in that middle there the whole
thing yet you just throw it in oh yeah
you wanna throw that one in right in
there
oh no we're sick ah we're gonna stick
whoa sounds like a challenger there's
definitely color there okay so clearly
we could have used some more of those
now that we know I say you need to
everybody thumbs up this video if you
want to see us by a hundred of them and
throw them in the fire what do you think
a high or a datum we can actually just
lay them out on the fire
and then who put it in and like so just
a whole layer of them yeah okay good
idea yes I know I want to see that
because of just one packet makes it look
that cool in that one little spot a
hundred of them will make it look like
the coolest fire you've ever seen in
your entire life get some awesome
onii-chan all right we are cleaning up
winding down for the day look the boys
are toasted Oh
paulien you faked that is where it stops
for today it has been a super fun day we
learned something which bring your pool
filters inside I know
bonehead mistake of mine but it is still
working with the jb weld that we put on
ass we were able to salvage the pump I
think no leak everything seeds we
working great we turn flames a different
color
yeah but we're going to utilize oh yeah
we're going to need a tunnel but that my
friends is where we're going to leave
you on this Memorial Day I want to say
thank you so much for watching
appreciate those fight for your freedoms
and we will see each never want you
right back here
