hey guys welcome back to yet another fan
mail video look at all the stuff these
sent us this week I can't wait to see
what's inside you call it open the first
one is that a dog bone that's donating
dog bones the poor chap you didn't
get it Cassie Oh Josh and Cassie Thank
You Josh and Cassie fluffy says thank
you by the way let's move on here open
this one buddy this is for you
I had to pre open this package because
it said fragile do not keep in heat open
immediately but tired you know her
Baraka
I thought this is a really cool gift and
thank you by the way it just comes to us
from creation there are days they're
like the wax really good wax scented
cubes that you put in your candle warmer
things nice all flavors oh thank you so
much creations by RJ is everybody all
right here we go what's in here this one
comes to us from Colin Dickerson hair
court briefs thank you my name is Colin
and I watch your videos
maybe Eliza she's very cute baby in
Carson Colin are very good big brothers
to Eliza hope you are my number one
vlogger I am fat I am so due to view or
the person I saw in last video and I
will be a gladiator for life thanks :
thanks dude Hartman Robert in West Palm
Beach
Robert this is my second fan mail
one thing I wrote to you is to ask you
some questions and also to see if you
can do a review on the OtterBox screen
thingy protector thing question 1 what
does Colin like patty Cheney and Jackie
huh how to chain your game question 2
what does Carson like go go go
question 3 what do you like and question
4 what does Veronica light I like coffee
or do you like candles eggs right I need
to my email that's my onesie absolutely
Wow god bless and your family and
remember smile more don't tell on the
vlog it's emailed down below thank you
Robert next one comes from Corey
Campbell hey goober
one thing if you guys could all send me
an autograph I love your video game
can't wait for legends of Awesomeness
Oh awesome awesome awesome please put
this in a mail vlog thank you I am from
Boise Idaho and I am 13 years old I
would love it if you guys could write
back to me please include autographs and
something special have a great day we
will see you right back here tomorrow
and he included a self-addressed
envelope pretty high-class bro this one
genius
we accidentally opened this one and
realize the camera stopped recording so
Josh and Cassie we didn't have fun time
opening this and the boys are gonna love
it
doing spies watches us everyday loves
the vlogs he's 15 years old
our signature of his contact information
here but he also spent spent but he also
sent this very special football card let
me see that
it's a Maurice Stovall from the
Buccaneers it has a piece of the jersey
check this out in the car
you can't see it it's so dark
totally up towards the light you can't
see it I'm so sad
look at the soccer one yeah ready
I make both and decided to send some to
mrs. Eliza I had followed her gilroy for
her to see my bows
you little one she's beautiful by the
way we also watch her dogs we admire
your family so much please share my
Instagram for those I will do that for
you
alright our got7 boutique it's bulky
it's pronounced booty booty booty this
one black coffee black coffee black
coffee cafe latte yo Omar Nadeem send me
some love from the UK live in the UK
nice yeah thank you
you know these are gonna go to good use
for sure Organo Gold is his company it's
an independent distributor of organo
gold you know your mother lucidum I
might have to make a cup of tea right
after this
Thank You Omar super awesome you know I
love coffee so good gift thanks again
Zak see Ridgeville Ohio dear my family I
love your vlogs and your family you and
Roman are my favorite youtubers
I look forward to watching your videos
each day I've been watching you for
about one year I would love to meet you
since I live in Ohio sorry everybody
have bad handwriting
I love for you to sign this and return
it oh and can please put this in the
vlog love you guys
thank you so much for videos every day
and they're awesome and cool they I'm
assuming you inspired me to make my own
vlogs I love your blogs keep that giant
on your face you are awesome love all
your pranks and blogs Maison Fredo
friends are but they call me Freddy
Freddy Freddy
Fred hey Betty
hey then he left spots where we can sign
and send this back to him baby
done
signed sealed delivered Cameron miles
from Mount Vernon dear Jason families so
first off I want to say thanks for
everything you've done
about a year ago I found your channel
it's gonna kind of Santa's family reason
but then I watch your videos and they
really help you so thank you but aside
from all that I have a gaming channel
called
u P raid gaming and I thought it would
be cool if I could get a shout out but
don't worry you don't have to in a no
Carson and Colin it's not a room like
Minecraft and my channel has a lot you'd
be very gaming boy maybe they can check
it out but anyways thanks for everything
you do get my vlogs little Gilroy
artwork right there maybe I can zoom in
with some like there
Thank You Cameron thank you again for
the note
alright Sarah Parker you're gonna do
this for you please put in along hi Gil
rise
I've been watching your vlogs for a very
long I have I haven't been watching your
vlogs for very long for a few months now
the life is so normal and the boys seem
to love their video games yes they do
they love somewhere more than school yes
they do I love how Veronica does our two
craps with the boys Veronica needs to
vlog just a bit more I will try I am
trying to become a better vlogger if you
can look up please
white stuff by Sarah Parker and check
out my page and tell everyone about it
please soon to be a gladiator Sarah
Parker please put in blog she sent us a
piece of mail so you're not soon to be
you already think you already got here a
girl something might pop out and get you
yo that's dope dad looks like a princess
crown yeah oh alright my name is
Brittany and eighteen that mother to
Paco Illinois's watching your videos for
a while I just love them it has been a
routine to watch the vlogs before I go
to bed but not before giving it a big
thumbs up thank you for sharing your
life with us every day you have some fun
you guys always seem to bring smiles to
my face even on my bad days I'm pretty
darn excited for Loa is going to be
amazing
that's right girl I just think that it's
so cool to see you live out your dream I
hope you can continue to be the person
you want to make videos traveling meet
new people getting to do all of that M
being home with the most important thing
of all your family it's truly inspiring
to me for my homegirl Veronica I hope
it's cool I call you that I personally
want to start off with I hope everything
is ok it's on blog so you went to the
doctor got some news but that everything
is okay and don't worry we're fine for
fun if you do a very great cultural poll
or banner
it reads be happy because I know
sometimes I need to be reminded when I'm
going through a hard or stressful time
I made my self one to look to yours and
strung it on top of my pin board in my
room so I can see it when I wake up I
try my best to get this apart without
ruining it but it seems the paint then
used doesn't want to separate but don't
worry I'll get this Oh
Thank You Brittany for all the inspiring
uplifting stuff for for me oh definitely
hang that up you doing there Carson very
good look it over
there you go
there it is I love it it's awesome
you know glad that I can also bring
smile to your face through the blooper
videos and all the silly stuff that I
come to do like here's my tongue with
the Lego and all of that
alright guys so that's about all the
attention that the kids have to give us
today and we're clearly out of packages
so again thank you everyone so much for
sending fan mail if you want to send us
fan mail the address is in the
description below or I'll just say 601
PA box 601 no export we'll have four
three oh four six yeah that's all we got
four and this one I'll see you guys next
time
