hey guys good evening yes it's evening I
did exactly what I said I was gonna do
and I I took a nap after editing
yesterday's video I have to admit I feel
a little less death like an Eliza helps
phew helps with that her cute and this
makes me feel better
yeah we're getting regular Pizza cottage
and I'll tell you guys a little story
when we get there but it's been a long
time since we actually went Pizza
cottage to eat it's a special place for
us Pizza cottage yeah Oh before we go
let me introduce you guys to the new guy
check out this this is the new Garmin
VirB x XE I guess it's a little
different pretty cool I haven't really
got to film anything with it but I did
some of the reading and the specs are
pretty you know on par for a good action
camera and I can't wait to roll on this
one and they sent me a nice little gift
box that one belongs to one lucky
gladiator I don't know when we'll be
giving it away but it'll be soon I'm
gonna do a review video after I get to
know the camera and you know familiarize
myself enough with it to do a review so
if someone's gonna win that one and
you're gonna get a pretty sweet-looking
and you're gonna get a pretty
sweet-looking Garmin snapback I like
that actually
not much of a hack guy I don't think
I've ever looked quite right in the Hat
cuz I my heads so tiny but uh that's for
you that's all for you guys right here
I'll show them what you see when you're
cruising Liza
let's give him the baby champ look this
is the baby cam well she's got it whoa
mine is being the cameraman that it's
pointing at the ceiling there we go
there's the boys hey boys hey what are
you doing let it go we're leaving we're
leaving we're going to Pizza cottage you
coming you're gonna need some clothes I
may be here guys look all I want to show
them this bar here Oh what in my mind I
remember
that spot right there you see that Park
in front
well there's reasons why pizza cottage
is special to me and Veronica this is
where we first met
when I first laid eyes on her was here
wrong keys to serve here and right there
at that parking spot I remember coming
out after we ate made my buddies and I
saw Veronica fightin with her boyfriend
in that parking spot this guy was such a
loser I mean that's why she was fighting
with him Compton is the truth we never
fight we never fight ever
so I remember the guy parked at that
spot and he was fighting with her I was
like
now here we are
nope
savoring here is hungry and there's this
other side so ah ah yeah
Oh memories there you go see I'm sitting
by Colin oh yeah
scooch over and let me sit by you scooch
over
I'm starving this is a new part yeah
they come on yeah this this definitely
wasn't here when we when we were just
dating the old part back there will show
you may be used to mean nearly yeah it's
kind of empty now transfer me to
Lancaster to open up the new Lancaster
still nice water Carla's been here
forever
we're telling the story about how hey
Rhonda there's mom's blue sky you
bringing bushes you do know a lot better
at not selling outside lines please took
their couple spots
what's don't for near Hamburg nothing
their pizza how about you all of these
warmed up
he asked for a side of hot peppers they
brought a whole garden of hot peppers
the color duck I still don't know what
why do they call you why do you call it
duck
we liked up okay thank you
biting me you are very welcome oh mama
oh you just gonna walk out she gets
halfway out the door and she's like oh
do you need help carrying something yeah
what yeah can we go through the
drive-thru for what oh you know what
with the mute on look at the trouble
with so amber Sam with Momo tonight for
whatever reason I don't know but she's
outside in her car waiting for Amber to
grab some stuff
Momo hates these plastic snakes rubber
snakes hates him so bad I'm gonna make
amber Amber's driving her car so I'm
gonna distract Momo and her pasta
passenger window and Amber's gonna wear
the snake around her neck hopefully she
doesn't look mm-hmm no down the window
yeah thank you
the glare was too bad bye mama
bye baby we love you
she's like fast-forward into the evening
look at this 10 o'clock I sat down after
we came back from Pizza cottage and we
started watching divergent I fall asleep
Veronica took off to her cousins now all
the kids are in bed and we're sitting
here like well I'm sitting here like
what happened it sucks being sick you
got to fix me sorry suck it up cream
puffs
good morning I had to come and get the
baby some diapers wipes and
hello I'm gonna shower go Veronica's in
the shower all right so listen today I'm
gonna go with Dallas and get my hair cut
it's amazing how ridiculous I look with
nothing in my hair I'm starting to feel
a little bit better I still feel a
little linen but gotta keep moving you
can't just sit still because then you
slow down and you feel like crap yeah
that's all I got for you guys today
thank you so much for watching and I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
