hey guys what's happening welcome to
today it's a beautiful day I'm sitting
next to my beautiful wife look at her
how beautiful she is so beautiful we
ditched the kids today they went to a
Tampin to actually do some yard work
with their grandma one of their grandmas
freaking grandma it's a great great
grandma great-grandma Marsha
we're gonna go see my buddy Bob and
Amanda who just had their baby I'm a
snap couple photos and
alright guys I have a treat for you look
at this special little darling this is
lorilynn say hi woman baby she's fresh
fresh out of the oven it's crazy to
believe look you guys you guys were
witness to see Eliza born look how big
she is she's like a big giant turd
mm-hmm and this babies how many days 6
days 6 days it's amazing how time flies
this is crazy I feel like it was just
yesterday she was that big anyways so
we're setting up a little shoot I'm
gonna do this she has so much hair I'm
jealous
why do you jealous over here you get it
someday
there's only idea I'm gonna transfer the
pictures his computer look his desktop
picture is the picture that I took of
their wedding
that's awesome Bob that's a good photo
that's a good photo Bob that's a great
photo actually I did that so Bob and
Amanda's getting ready to go meet their
babysitter they both work full-time jobs
so they have to have a babysitter and
they're gonna go meet with the
babysitter again Amanda you should tell
everyone how your pregnancy went it and
then you had the baby after dinner at
our house holy crab you know we put this
like we put this like have a baby
substance I don't know what you'd call
it in the market that yeah we make these
we'll have babies yeah
I'm glad that everything's well Bob you
have a beautiful baby girl good luck my
friend we'll be back to hang sweet
that was awesome my buddy Bob I've known
Bob since like high school and you know
it's really good to see Bob have only a
wife and now baby he's got a little cute
little baby little baby girl is she cute
he's the Dora did that give you a baby
fever no we already have one we have one
yeah we go we're good we're good
all right we're back home and I was
reading some comments over at Bob's
house one of you guys is asking how you
do pool maintenance how do you test it
well I'm gonna show you right now you
got to get a little strip strip test kit
like this six-way test strip test for
chlorine pH alkalinity hardness in sign
uric acid and I learned last night that
cyanuric acid and the chlorine are
closely connected because the cyanuric
acid helps protect the chlorine
depletion from the sunlight so in your
pools and sunny situations like this the
sunlight actually kills the chlorine it
uses the chlorine ups the sign uric acid
helps that so they're tied together but
basically what you want to do is take
this test strip just dip it in the water
and then you got to wait 15 seconds for
it to you know absorb right so now you
compare it to the chart so starting with
chlorine it's white so clearly we need
some more chlorine I put some tablets in
there last night maybe I need to put
some more in but if you move on so the
pH is that like 7.2 and there's a chart
up here that shows you what the ideal
range is so pH ideal is 7.5
that's at 7.2 so that's okay hardness I
don't know how to get that down I guess
I need to do my own research
I just did my research and I found this
company the HTH company they have an app
that's free and you put your like the
the size of your pool like stars is 1700
gallons put the size your pool in and
then you add like you put in an entry
for your test so like whatever the
results were on the back of here I put
into here let me go back test results
here so it tells me automatically what I
need to put in so four ounces of shock
and swim and 6 ounces of stabilizer and
conditioner and you can hit details and
it tells you everything you need to know
of course they're gonna suggest there
they're gonna suggest their products but
if you find something cheaper that does
the same thing you can go with I think
she wants to help me with the pool
they're gonna tell everyone what's going
on
are you having more sipping Ana's you
like a Manas again maybe she just didn't
like him after she had the peds
yesterday yeah I could see that I knew
you had it in your baby I had to be
something wrong with her not like
bananas that's been where you been dude
what'd you guys do today read them oh
you ins and Dolls in the building and
I'm Aiman ears
mm-hmm you went down into the the
Learning Center yes yeah
did you see the bees yes yeah there's
snakes and turtles yeah there's one
snake and ones
Terral well did you have fun yes awesome
high five as fun the bees yeah I just
let Eliza down for some some kind of nap
but it's almost 6 o'clock she goes to
sleep now she's gonna be awake awake
early tonight
but it's time to eat spaghetti garlic
bread
mmm look at this Amber's taking off in
my car she's straight taking off in my
car needs a car she's in from out of
town she needs the car you can think
more of course you have to pull the
handle out and then lock it but it
wasn't doing it oh must been doing
something wrong guys my nose is messed
up my nose is messed up I got this
stuffiness happening Veronica made me do
that neti pot thing this morning again
it didn't help it did help a little bit
but it's back to messed up it's messed
up will you take care of me do it again
can i yeah okay go but I cannot deny its
effectiveness how nasty it is
I'm sorry you guys have to see that
waiver I didn't have to but it helps
hello boys even bugging me for a couple
of days now to download and play school
dragon how to train your dragons I'm
playing I'm playing a game what are you
gonna play oh here goes oh this this
part is hard to train your dragon one
since he has the clothes there's this
hiccup where's that
what's that dragons name this guy knows
all about dragons
look
I just saw the wind shaking this tree
really bad it's quit though it's about
to store the camera doesn't really even
show up but it's like four inch and it's
almost 9 o'clock like usually it's
almost dark by now that's pretty weird
huh Carson yeah last call and feed the
cat look what happened really that's
like way way way too much dude oh my
gosh here we go I know you're thinking
is it morning nope it's still dark and
I'm drinking coffee coffee I think the
warm liquids help help my head kind of
clear out I don't know what's going on
my I'm stuffed
stuffed up
it scared it was like tickle your nose
or tool your ear but he just scared you
and good morning I'm gonna be straight
with you guys throughout the day
yesterday this pressure was building in
my face and by last night it got so bad
that I just had to go to sleep
I just wanted to go to sleep
as you saw by my drinking coffee it was
hard enough for me to sleep with all the
coffee in me but I had to do something I
was trying to do anything possible to
relieve the pressure of my nose I don't
know if it's allergies or if I have a
sinus infection or what but it came on
quick it's so quick so I'm going to I'm
going to the store to get some something
we got all the stuff I got some more
these packets for that bottle that
Veronica's been making me use she just
put salt water like salt and water and
dissolve it and that's what I shove up
my nose but it kind of burns actually so
50 packets and then 12-hour decongestant
hold on look the cop just pulled someone
over I hate that cop man that's probably
the old guy
it was one car in front of me sucker
speed trap
it is - it's the old guide the Green
Dragons I thought I'd go to the mail and
check the post some people call post
some people call post office
I still say check the mail I feel like
just go back to the house and I wanted
to tell you guys before I in the vlog
for today we have an exciting new
giveaway coming you know the folks that
Garmin loved you guys they love the
gladiator so much they're gonna hook you
guys up with this Batman Jama brand new
verb the verb X can't wait to pop that
out and use it and get to know it so
that we can do a review video and put
that thing out for you guys I'm gonna go
ahead and take care of my my my sinus
issues get this vlog done for you guys
maybe take a little nap and yeah that's
all I got for you guys today
thank you so much for watching and I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
