here's the deal it's super freakin hot
today really really hot I think I'm
gonna just good join the kids
hey boy
that feels so good miss Liza just woke
up from her nap and now Steve oh love
that oh my goodness oh well that was fun
Eliza oh it's fun hon Liza yeah oh
you're gonna splash on the camera now I
get it
Oh eat that okay look good look at this
guys these birds just showed up and
they're circling above us I don't like
it I hope he doesn't think he's gonna
come down here and get my baby my
goodness it's hot outside I had to come
in and get something nice and cold some
ice cream I don't know what I'm gonna do
today guys it's like we're trying to
entertain amber Amber's here for the
week and she just kind of wants a chill
so I'm not I'm not opposed to just
chilling especially with the bull ice
cream Colin just came inside to take a
Dookie
Oh
Oh hahahaha
it's times like these I'm so glad I got
this fan because I can just come in here
kick it on high and this baby will just
call me right off I probably don't need
those anymore so it looks like we're
doing another cookout tonight
yeah I had to fire up the grill that's
the thing like it's super hot out I'd
rather start the grill when the Sun Goes
Down so it's like not so blazing hot
right
but Veronica's hungry I'm serving now
can you even move your arms try again
come on honey you can do this oh geez
we better call her an ambulance let me
tell you guys what nothing clothes you
down on a hot summer day like a big bat
that's all I got five all right
being a self-proclaimed grill master
it's a it's a blessing and a curse now
two days in a row I'm out in this
blazing heat cooking grill food I can't
complain it's gonna be a delicious
dinner it's just really hot you know I
don't even know if I've ever showed you
guys what I do to grill charcoal it
starts with the first step you want to
get your charcoals in a nice pile a nice
pyramid style pile and then you light it
around the edges and it flames you're
going to let these turn white and then
spread them out and then you're gonna
put your grape back on top let that get
nice and hot and then scrape it off try
not to use a wire brush because a lot of
times like if you've got a wire brush
that's getting really old the bristles
will break off I currently am using a
wire brush but this thing is brand new
the reason being if your wire brush if
some of the bristles fall off and they
get stuck to your grill you could
potentially eat one and it's bad news
you could either swallow it or you bite
into it and it gets stuck in your gums
or something nobody you nobody got time
for that
and now I'll show you how to cook the
perfect burger on the grill here's the
secret I'm gonna give it to you this one
time you only flip the burger once
now these briquettes are ready for
spread spread these things out put your
grape back on let it sit for a minute or
two you want that thing to get nice and
hot take the ease out of the grill
brushing if you just let it cook for a
minute nothing will get super hot all
you got to do is brush it just brush it
now our grates been on there for a
minutes time to brush that off let's
just brush that off nice and easy
everything should fall right off all
right where's the meat huh my face
really yeah
oh that's what it's like being a grill
master we're doing hamburgers and hot
dogs and brats I like to boil the brats
first because cooking them over charcoal
you're liable to burn them so you got to
boil them up first the reason I boil
them first is because if you put them on
raw these brats have a tendency to burn
on the outside before the inside is done
and no one wants to get a bra on the bun
with all their stuff on it and bite into
it and see the insides raw you are not a
grill master at that point
so now what what if your charcoal starts
to light on fire because the grease from
the burger that's easy do you do you
square water on it no then you get a
shawl over your meat you just close the
lid and smother the flame a general rule
of thumb says five minutes per side on
these burgers now you can flip it twice
if you want to get that really nice
looking crisscross grill mark all you do
is when you flip it back over the second
time you just turn it like quarter turn
and then flip it over oh oh yeah all
right these burgers are done on the
second side but I'm gonna show you how
to get that awesome grill mark you've
already got one going this way just
scoop it up like that
turn your spatula this and boom flip it
over this will also depend on how hot
your grill is apparently mine's lost
some heat but just flip them over like
that
and now it's time for cheese of course
close that lid so you can melt that
cheese and boom there's your glorious
grill masterpiece look at that burger
that's something right there
how's it look my love it looks delicious
I'm so hungry and of course as the grill
master this is the part that you really
get to enjoy you watch everyone dig into
your food and they love it and that's
what it's all about now I should
probably get myself cleaned up so I can
eat hard everyone else's food oh good
burger good burger I know today's a good
broth
Liza's trying Peas look in there look in
there you guys that looks like something
that comes out from a diaper P dude this
this will surely get the reaction we've
been looking for
alright Liza here comes the airplane
vicar is there yummy oh my gosh
mmm Eliza here's a machine do you like
them what now bananas oh you're gonna
love this Eliza watch your make a funny
face ah she oh my gosh Eliza that's some
good stuff ha ha ha that's the good
stuff honey
haha that's so funny
you ruined her now she's only gonna like
vegetables huh daddy like Nana's daddy
looking really poor thing you ruined her
honey it's movie night so the boys are
gonna pick a movie and it's Carson's
turn so Carson what's the movie gonna be
you do don't you do dirt to get better
don't London what
Kung Fu Panda seriously good that's so
like six months ago dude no you haven't
watched this before in Boston yes yeah
yes yeah
heavy : oh my God look same title yeah
that's true this is really happening
it's that time of the day
come on boys come on mama hi boys
Terra won good night good night yeah did
you have fun today
yeah nice cousin it's movie time buddy
tell everyone good night
this is where we're at current situation
eggs
Tabasco blueberry yogurt beautiful
little baby
Liza wave hi to everyone hi and good
morning my love oh and then there's
amber yeah mm-hmm so I think today we're
gonna go see my buddy Bob you met her
recently Bob came over with Amanda for
dinner
Amanda was nine months pregnant later
that night she went to the hospital and
had the baby the next morning and our
schedules have been a little crazy
lately Sara him and I want to go see but
today we go meet the new baby pretty
excited I'm gonna take some photos too
yeah yeah Veronica is a giant ball sent
down this morning are you about to feed
her so good here piggy yeah Eliza you
got a promise to like it came through
the best food is so good
yeah she's happy let's get a shot of
that before we end this video it's time
for apples right apples are good
better that's better than bananas like
that she's like I don't know she's she's
acquiring the taste currently that's
what she's doing so she likes apples but
not so much bananas bananas was my
favorite when I was a kid mica price
daily bananas actually alright guys it's
time to set this camera down and get
things moving for today I want to say
thank you so much for tuning in and
watching hanging out with us every
single day we really do appreciate it
that's all I've got for you today thank
you so much for watching I can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
