hey guys it's like 6:15 starting the day
kind of late because uh I fell asleep in
the chair yeah we came home from the
hospital after veranke surgery and got a
hold of baby eliza veronica was tired I
was tired we all kind of took a nap for
a few hours but now it's time to cook
out we're getting that charcoal set we
got steaks tonight
I love the smell of fresh charcoal love
it let me show you what kind of sticks
forget Cathy called us and she says you
guys hungry
who's making dinner for you guys tonight
I was like whoa no I will
so she says don't worry about it I got
you covered and brings over steak after
steak after state after state say hey
Bryan
hey Cathy thank you for dinner
very gracious how are you feeling honey
you're good yeah I think we all did and
there's like a high B material hey baby
do you know when you're cooking steak
you gotta have that Montreal steak
seasoning this one's spicy and no they
don't pay me to say that I just happen
to love it I just happen to love it you
want spicy you want spicy steak
seasoning under steak Paula Gil
you know if there's one thing I take
great pride in that's cooking on the
grill I gotta be the one who makes the
best stuff on the grill and today we
have particular levels of doneness for
the steaks we got a medium-rare which is
this one it's pretty much ready I think
it's ready oh yeah I think that one's
just right
there's dinner guys steak various
assortment of different potato macaroni
cheese and broccoli salad Thank You
Kathy again he keeps doing that and
she's just cracking up so she is in love
with her
she loves playing with the boys
especially Carson you just couldn't
stare that pool huh
I know you do yeah I felt it already
it's nice yeah it's nice to be a good
good night to go swimming huh look at
that water you guys it's so clear we've
done good the lesson the levels have
been perfect for a week we just check it
every day add a little bit of what we
need what you're so awesome I decided to
let Carson Carson wanted to come out
after dinner and swim in the pool I
still haven't edited yesterday's video
yet like I said we came home from the
hospital and fell asleep for a couple
hours it's been a stressful day very
very very worried in my head just been
really stressful but you know what we
try to stay positive about it and make
fun and you know you can't focus on the
negative because if you focus on the
negative you'll bring that you'll you'll
attract that energy so we so that's why
we made light of the situation and tried
to you know be funny with Veronica and
the anesthesia which didn't turn out by
the way by the time I got back there she
was already awake and eating crackers
and she was perfectly normal like she
just went back so yeah so focus on the
positive what you think about you bring
about that's what we're gonna do
so Veronica's gonna be just fine and
thank you again so much for all your
well wishes it's so awesome calling Kong
grandpa to a building train set up here
we're calling call and talk you into
building trains grandpa yeah we're gonna
play with the trains nice
that's a micro set huh we've got that
big Polar Express but that's a Christmas
train I came down for one of these
ridiculously good-looking cupcakes look
at that but I found myself in the middle
of the middle of a female gathering here
look at all that estrogen yeah it's so
great this such good loving family and
they all came to see Veronica after her
you know little surgery today everyone
cares UK Rhonda mom all you care she
can't hear you care are you drunk she's
drunk
do something funny okay yeah wait wait
where a do this where it don't want to
do this wait let's see you whip now Nene
what now dude now you got a whip and
I'll see me nae nae so do the whip
now you nae nae I love her I love this
girl but I love you guys
Gambhir just came back today from where
was it
Illyria a part of Ohio that I've
actually never even heard of up by the
lake up by Lake Erie hanging with the
family that's cool that's cool
she's from North Carolina as you know
but she's got family well well you live
in North Carolina yeah but she came to
visit family in there her mom lives up
in Illyria
that's deliria it's getting me a little
history yeah these guys are giving good
nights why don't you tell the gladiators
good night what is that honey what's in
your mouth open up it's hurting you open
up hold on hold on Oh way in the back
huh they can't see back there it's too
dark you need to turn the light on turn
the lights on what you guys want to do
today it's hot it's hot out suggestion
Park Park suggestion you've been
watching Little Rascals yes yeah that's
fine
I like the Brachiosaurus that dude you
want to tattoo yeah I know just the guy
said it where you want it we're doing
tattoos in here person wants a tattoo
and we're gonna make a sweet tattoo
we just gotta hold it on for how long a
minute two minutes five minutes twelve
has it been two minutes are you ready
yes 100% okay ready
they're cool yeah booyah Brachiosaurus
Veronica the fleas are back with a
vengeance - poor fluffy we're gonna have
to give you some stuff you put on their
necks you know like flea treatment we're
gonna have to go get spray to spray the
carpets because the fleas are starting
to jump on and I don't want to lies on
the floor with fleas whatsoever it
really really makes me
so we got to get it fleet stuff for
fluffy the girls are out there trying to
figure out what exactly we're gonna do
today
Veronica is kind of limited on what she
can do so so we're gonna try and do
something fun so I think this is where
we leave you guys today listen thank you
so much for watching we can't wait to
see all of you right back here tomorrow
