whoo
I've been waiting for this refreshing
the page all day boom
two hundred thousand two hundred
thousand Colin two hundred thousand
Carson two hundred thousand subscribers
what high five yeah what do you think
ladies
we've been waiting we'll start this day
off with some positive energy
two hundred thousand subscribers I can't
even I can't even explain I think it's
totally wicked awesome and I want to say
first foremost thank you guys so much
for all the love and support you give us
this is what we're up to we got we got
family over visiting amber went out of
town to go visit her sister stuff but
she'll be back with us tomorrow and
we're having the best food you can get
Wendy's I did get a chicken sandwich so
it's not completely off but I'm trying
to shoot a video I got Veronica stepdad
Jay his iPhone screen broke and again a
replacement so I'm gonna shoot a video
to teach you guys how to replace the
screen on an iPhone 5s
I know I know not overly exciting for a
200,000 subscriber kind of day tomorrow
is important to us more so Branca so
we're trying to I guess take it a little
I just finished
actually I just finished filming how to
replace an iphone 5 screen this one's
totally busted
totally busted but look there's voila
nice now I'm gonna go take it back over
to Jay and show my handiwork
okay hi Jay open it up make a phone call
that's pretty right okay yeah I just
want to verify that the earphone speaker
still works yeah yeah pick up your phone
grandma boom another satisfied cause
here me better feed her green beans
she doesn't dislike anything you like
all food huh that's a good girl
this is her first eating green beans
Veronica's plan is to give her
vegetables first so she doesn't get
stuck on for a lot of time if you if you
feed babies fruits first they won't
develop the taste for vegetables because
clearly fruits taste better than
vegetables so we're gonna give her
vegetables first then she can try three
huh who showed up what up down uh how's
the car yes yeah yeah once the muffler
yeah his his flex pipes where the
muffler has the flex pipe minute that's
all busted up so it's super super loud
super loud so what about this public
embarrassment deal tomorrow we were
reading some comments and there's a
couple of couple favorable suggestions
they throw a bunch of like putting them
in a pink tutu there's no pink is
nothing I wear pink daily oh yeah so
what do you think I'm thinking about
like it is summer so we take it to the
pool
right the heat pool super packed all the
time right people know you they're
probably possibly you getting a bikini -
peace - peace oh yeah I love wet
compressions of meats nope
you just gotta find the right bottom so
you're not all floppy off floppy hanging
out you know yeah cuz they probably
wouldn't like that no probably not
and if anyone at the pool says anything
you just be like yo Caitlyn Jenner you
know what I mean that would be so soon
we'll schedule a fun little pool video
shoot just remember we had this Carson
you want some coconut we're gonna have
to get it open first this could be loud
so I'm gonna try and get this done
before Eliza goes to bed yeah apparently
I think you have to like hit the eyes
with like a screwdriver to get the milk
out and then just bang the crap out of
it with a hammer all right I know this
isn't dangerous at all but Dallas I'm
gonna need you to hold this hold what
hold the coconut you want me to hold
yeah hold the coconut you want me to
hold the kirpan whatever you do don't
move okay I feel like we're going to the
hospital tonight yeah oh that was easy
I got a hammer a screwdriver and the
will to have coconut I think that's
about all we need we got some concrete
out in the driveway let's just bang it
what do you say what's good look yeah
who knows pretty close there it is right
there coconut
there we go
fresh coconut it's something like
chewing a little bit you like it yeah
bone you want some is good : doesn't
like to try anything now you like yeah
yeah fresh coconuts the bond I hear you
can put like lemon I think it's either
lemon or lime juice in here yeah tastes
better too
all right boys it's time for bed make
sure you give mommy love and give mommy
big fat Lovins hugs and kisses Tamar she
has to have a little surgery okay we've
talked about this the kids are gonna
stay here in the morning with mom all
Mama's gonna come and keep the kids for
us well I take drunk too else a jelly
very nervous just fine
I'll be right beside you the whole time
or in your hand even when you're knocked
out I'm gonna be in there and insist doc
I got I got a hold her hand I can't let
her go I got Horning in that's what I'll
do all right kids let's go time for bed
oh we don't have time for dropping
cameras it's time to go you ready to go
honey
high five your warrior
you're my hero by the way baby girl I'll
wait for mom look careful Medical got a
makeover did when we had allies this
part was under construction and now it's
finished and looks pretty sweet is your
Twitter blue yes mm-hmm
I sent everyone to your Twitter to give
you well wishes well thank you thank you
thank you
I didn't give her a kiss on the cheek
right not so good you were just there
she goes so I guess how it works if
they're gonna take her back they get it
ready and this screen turns yellow and
then we can go see her and hang out with
her
you bring it look honey loo look all the
gladiators are with us right now on
periscope it's exciting we get to have
everyone with us you guys rock look
everyone's saying hey show them hearts
guys too fast look at that so we're just
waiting villages prepped and ready for
surgery it's only gonna take like 45
minutes
stay strong says everyone hey hey hey hi
close up on the comments you guys give
yourself a shout-out the kids are at
home with mom all we just asked the are
in the k-man his name is Josh supercool
guy yeah I just called him Josh sorry
John see where we asked John if he could
help us get into the recovery process as
soon as possible as early as possible so
we could film veronica's shenanigans for
when she's coming out of anesthesiology
I know she'd do the same for me it's
literally that cold here it's 69 degrees
Fahrenheit the doctor just came back and
using a very very humorous mood today
never really seen him like that before
okay all right wish her good luck guys
they're gonna take her back now come
back this one high five
how about a kiss love you I'll be right
outside
love you I'll bring you some ice cream
there's nothing we're just waiting
waiting so all we have is this TV screen
right here to look at it as Veronica's
like patient number on it shows us where
they're at in the progress of the
surgery right now it's blue that means
she's in surgery three minutes after I
just said that the lady came out and
said to go in this room the doctors done
I'll be out in a second
watch we have to wait until she comes to
a little bit I guess she's all finished
up yeah so what I say just cover come
back to the office for post-op and will
have the up for supper okay thank you hi
much so doctor just came back and told
us that everything went well Veronica's
fine of course this was a really simple
procedure and I think she's in post-op
and we're waiting for her drugs to wear
off
are you back to Foley yeah and we don't
get no fun in this yeah how do you feel
how do you think Gilroy he she's good we
missed out on all the after anesthesia
antics we don't have any of that which
is fine because my darling looks
fantastic you look beautiful by the way
did I say that yeah okay and this is a
really quick evacuation she's just gonna
take off her IV and then they're pretty
much kicking us out you're on your feet
you know like 20-30 minutes ago you were
completely unconscious oh where do you
see the video what I did to you holy
crap just your rooms right here and
here's the back door when I get out get
out of here we're done with you you did
good honey
she's a little sore she stay asleep here
was only one go sleeper mom oh yes he
said I went to sleep daddy but don't you
want secret in these pals for her here
hold this belly feels funky from being
under anesthesia but I'm gonna go to the
store and get some stuff for us to eat
and just kind of take care of Veronica
for the rest of the day I think that's
where we leave you guys everything is
cool we'll wait for results on from the
surgery today and we'll let you know
what happens so that's all I got for you
today thank you guys so much for
watching I'm sorry we didn't do anything
more exciting for two hundred thousand
subscribers which is super awesome and
thank you but we kind of have some
personal issues to deal with and yeah so
we'll see all you guys right back here
come on
