what up guys what's crappenin
thank you for joining us on my day today
today we're going to learn sorry sorry
penny bump today we're gonna learn how
to fix something we're gonna fix
Dallas's car in 24 hours after you
called me yesterday
we're gonna have this thing fixed right
now we're on our way to the auto parts
store to get what we need
we got to go back to my place for a bit
we got to get the parts so we're in
Newark Newark Ohio and right up here in
this shopping mall there's one of these
u.s. recruitment centers and they made
the news recently because there is guys
standing out here with sidearms like
protecting the I think they're out here
if they are we're gonna go talk to him
yes yes yes yes I'm coming to talk to
this guy out in front of this
recruitment center we got a couple guys
this is Mark mark what do you do for a
day job I what they're done yeah yeah
and what made you come out here and
stand and protect these guys I heard
about what these guys were doing out
here and I figured I got a rifle huh
yeah felt like the right thing to do so
that's why I'm here I just want to say
you rock bro I appreciate what you're
doing this is Brian over here Brian what
do you got here
that's nice take five five six the cig
five five six very nice what do you do
for a day job myself
yeah some blue mechanic Thanks and what
made you come out these guys serve and
protected our country and they can't
protect themselves
putting herself between an active
shooter and definitely doesn't come to
that but that's what we're here for
I can't even express I can't even
express my thanks my personal thanks for
not only myself and the rest of us in
this country I appreciate what you're
doing and I freaking love you bro
appreciate the support brought the dog
nice looking he's even got a flag what
do you think about that down
I think it's right I think it's right
what they're doing I think it's awesome
yeah incredible I mean what a cool group
of dudes right there I talk to them a
lot longer than you see in the video but
I just got to give it up for them I want
I want to see you guys smash that like
button for these boys and what they're
doing I think it's incredible it's
awesome you got your part numbers you
know you need yeah its O'Reilly O'Reilly
the only place to have what we needed
the other ones were
our word ahead of order alright dude
thanks for the help guys you too
so they had the wheel bearing but they
didn't have the hub assembly I thought
you did your research Dallas come on now
a little bit on the topic of the
recruitment center there if you aren't
up on your current events recently in
Chattanooga five service members were
gunned down at a recruitment center and
they have nowhere to defending
themselves because they aren't allowed
to carry weapons and so because of that
all over the country regular Joe's some
of them are ex-military some of them are
just citizens they're standing out in
front of these recruitment centers to
protect them with their own firearms
under their own agenda to make sure that
that doesn't happen again I think that
is incredible so like so patriotic so
American these guys are standing out
there with their guns to protect and
make sure that nothing like that happens
again
I got nothing nothing but respect for
these guys it's so awesome pizza and
Instagram that's where we're at with our
day I got a little bit of downtime
Bronchos getting ready to leave where
you going we're going to probably
birthday so you gonna get a little bit
of drink on no dude that girl over there
okay love you
nice nice got the vlog going
I had my Skype call a meeting with his
name's Jeremy incredible drummer and he
is super down to film an episode of
legends awesome the idea p1 oh you boys
are excited I'm glad you're home honey
but I'm sorry I have to leave
immediately
bye Liza I'll be right back mm-hmm love
you
we're gonna go nap it's gonna close
let's see it
right here is the wheel bang yeah boom
brain it's huge yes let's hope this
works now we wait we gotta get this
piece of crap toe straight up towing tow
do the tow dance now dude total dick
toque dance dude and hope dance it's a
tow truck dancin towed
right
Walter car now the positioning of the
car
oh nice okay so we got the wheel bearing
and the hub assembly we're gonna
eventually have to take the hubsan to
his father-in-law's to get it pressed in
you gotta have a press to be able to do
that but we're gonna get the wheel off
first and see what's under here pulling
out the vfh you don't know about the H
this is a pocket
look you got this thing out this is what
the the wheel bearing goes into and it's
all messed up in there the old wheel
bearing is still in there the outer
housing some kind of thing
lock ring how about that dang Dallas get
it in boy boy all right so we got all
that taken apart we gotta take all these
parts over to his father-in-law's to
press them in this right here is what
you need to complete this job solder all
acress hope he's got enough oh we can
rise it up all this for you Dallas why
cause you're family I got your back one
of this is gonna work if we can't get
this ring out it's in there hard I had
to spray some rust Buster on there see
if we can get it loose but who else you
might need to drop this off the Empire
State Building dude straight up get a
new one that's it huh yes assembly with
wheel bearing toast
they're working on that I thought I'd
come out here and show you what kind of
funds going on you got baby buddies in
there sweetheart what you doing what are
you doing hey whoa you're carrying your
mom you're strong dude your beer so
Scott's trying to get this wheel bearing
off of the hub apparently it's not
supposed to go off first but along with
this which we can't get that ring out
and now the wheel bearing is broken
you're on the bus for another day bro
checking Scott's shop he's not giving up
no getting out the power tools
well we couldn't get that thing fixed
sorry dude that's wrong we'll get it
we'll get it we will get it Scott ended
up not feeling very good so you into bed
we're gonna go home now
didn't get to show you guys but Carson
losses dude high five dude your first
tooth yeah you know legend has it you
place the tooth Carson underneath your
pillow in late at night the Tooth Fairy
will come in and give you money for it I
mean that's heaven with all my teeth for
real yeah let's move your pillow down
Shh
all right this is very important Carson
you have to place your tooth underneath
place your tooth underneath your pillow
all right tell the Gladius good night
we'll check on you in the morning Colin
you know tell her clatters gonna the
Tooth Fairy came nice she left you some
of $1.00 she left some greenbacks huh
man that's awesome
hey maybe she just does whatever she
feels right it's a nice transition it's
gonna be the best one you've ever seen I
promise so here's the scoop yesterday's
fix was pretty much fail also Veronica's
cousin flies in today from North
Carolina I think you guys met her and
the last time we were in the Outer Banks
so she's coming to visit for a few days
so yeah that's pretty much all I got for
you today thank you guys so much for
watching I can't wait to see you right
back here
