I'm just sitting here quietly trying to
enjoy my lunch when I look over Collin
done passed out right here by the door
he's he's out cold
what
I've never seen that before never seen
that before
my brother Dallas just called me and
said it's cars messed up you had to stop
off at this Midas to get it looked at he
needs a ride so I say we go investigate
I mean nothing's going on here look
there's one kid sleeping
here's another kid second let's go for a
ride get out here where is that where
you at boy whoa whoa whoa what'd you do
dollars damage worth what yeah this is
Trevor guys Trevor tell them what's
going on here what's wrong you're just
not my will bear chalasis so this piece
up here you can see the metal in there
shake that wheel for me Trevor good bad
it's bad news Bad News Bears
what are you gonna do bro oh no he's
like I got the paycheck we cut the money
that's that yep
so they want something like five hundred
and thirty five hundred seventy five
hundred seventy bucks to fix one wheel
bearing and hub assembly Dallas don't
have that kind of cash Scotty my buddy
Scott can fix this day he is so good at
it so we're going to
leave it here until tomorrow and then
get it towed to Scotty's and fix it fix
that ish Nixie so when I called my buddy
Scott to ask him about fixing Dallas's
car says hey we got this cornhole
tournament tonight out in Somerset so
being Branka are gonna go pair up with
Scott
he's budding up with another of our
friends but we're gonna go play a
cornhole tournament at a bar yeah it's
gonna be awesome
I want Veronica to go because I want to
take her and make her get a couple
drinks in her so she can kind of relax
look at this girl in the back you're
going too fast we're about to pass by
legend valley legend valley is hosting
the static festival this is the
gathering of the Juggalos are here I'm
just so curious what is a Juggalo
crazy I want to come up here and do
interviews with these people what is a
Juggalo this that looks like a Juggalo
I know everybody here that place out of
control so David had like boo corners
with their sticking straight up yeah
yeah
which I can't eat corn rats be so much
cooler hey you be good program okay you
be good girl no poopy diapers like
yesterday okay it was bad
I'm just telling you you can watch the
vlog from yesterday and see if you want
but just trust me a man right guys yeah
we'll be back in a few love you
yeah love you boys be good all right
honey you ready to have a drink yeah
yeah a drink
no just one I'll Drive you you can have
as many as you want
well let's get you a drink baby this is
it this is it oh crap
this is Gilroy blogs welcome Scotty I
missed you Dallas ain't 21 you can't
have beer three months boo brighten it
up nice and I came to play cornhole but
look everyone's all bracketed out we've
got the tournament already set up so I
can't play yeah what did you get me is
that a jalapeno pretzel it's a pizza
pretzel because I got the healthy no
poppers mmm I'm gonna get in on this
what you got yes I am
the dead Laker we have it also because
like he birthed at the same time with
his lips bugged out but I bunny we lost
this place is on fire dude look at it so
busy did you enjoy your drinks oh you
guys are all back alright then
Scottie I love you Oh give me kisses
you're so cute we go home Liza thanks
for watching my babies we won't leave
the kids with you tonight okay I know
you've had a rough day
mom's already watched not only my kids
tonight but Josh's kids during the day
and Amanda will get out here
all right I'm ready honey okay she's
ready to go uh first cup down good
morning Dallas morning I'm sorry guys I
didn't do a super awesome transition
like the other day I'll tell you what
when I did that transition where
Veronica woke me up on the couch when I
was editing that I was I blew my mind I
couldn't believe how flawless that was
Veronica filmed this she did awesome
yeah you you did it the awesome
transition from the other day so good so
good so good so here's the war up to
today I just found the parts that we
need to fix
Dallas's car and we're about to go pick
those up and then we'll be going to
Scotty's to fix that so you guys get to
see how to replace a wheel bearing and a
hub assembly which I think could be
pretty cool and also another really cool
piece of information last night I was
looking through Facebook and I found a
video a video of this kid I believe he's
from Atlanta and he has the most
disgusting
drum skills I've ever seen ever perfect
candidate disgusting isn't good yeah
that's good perfect candidate for
legends of Awesome and I hit him up on
his Instagram account he answered back
we have a Skype meeting today at 3:00
p.m. to talk about me going down and
shooting a legends Boston video with him
wait till you guys see this kid he is
absolutely incredible so I'm really
excited about that
that's exactly how legends of Austin is
gonna work we find someone on social
media that has an incredible skill and
we contact them and they're like heck
yeah I want to do this so that's that's
legends of awesome emotion that I'm so
excited for it so excited for we're
gonna go get parts for his car we'll
meet up with Scottie later so this is
where we leave you guys today thank you
so much for watching and I can't wait to
see all of you right back here tomorrow
