we're at the grocery store every day we
have to go to the grocery store to get
some for dinner because we don't plan we
don't there's this
so jackfruit it's humongous it's from
Los Angeles we should take that home
a dollar twenty nine a pound that thing
probably weighs ten oh no pick it up
what do you do with the jackfruit
please tell me I've never seen something
like that ever coconut let's have one
like I do
so today's doctor's appointment was for
Veronica and let's just say that we
didn't get very good news it wasn't
horrible
100% horrible news but it wasn't the
news that we were looking for and I
can't really give you guys many more
details until we have them because we
don't want to scare anyone and yeah but
we will keep you posted on on Veronica
look at her she's awesome
there's nothing wrong
yeah yeah yes but we do have an
appointment for Veronica to go have an
outpatient procedure on Monday so you're
gonna see us go Monday back to
to a little surgery it's okay
everything's fine everything's fine
what's for dinner anyways we should make
a different kind of taco I don't want it
just the regular meat cheese tomato
lettuce taco I want something different
so I give Seattle's best number for a
good good try it's good I like it but a
lot of you guys have recommended Lavazza
but which one I don't think I want a
dark roast like really dark and tense
and chocolate no no I like rich and full
body let's try this
we just got home and Branca had Amanda
and Bob come over well mostly Amanda for
the nails she's interested in the nails
Broncos on that hustle Jim baby baby you
ready for a nap sweetheart you ready for
a nappy did we let you down
I am doing nails with Amanda and chase
is crying hi baby
I don't know what to do I don't will you
clean it up pull the clothes off of her
but I'm gonna get everywhere no we want
I totally am look at this hole our
clothes are over
sorry Liza you want me to run a bath yep
how do I flip her over and I'm gonna get
poo all over this so that can be watch
so bad that's why you passed the blank
here let's just Big Daddy it we'll just
put that there
her over okay no camera because this is
this filmer is that my shirt
no are you sure cuz I had a Bob Marley
shirt no I got this from the Outer Banks
so so you're trying to ski yeah and he
wants to come over and borrow my
skateboard
Genisys got me hooked seeing all that
 did you see his trick on insta no
dude yeah it's like a late flip I don't
know what the call goes flip or
something of super a super read all
right
listen I love this board I've had it a
long time don't break it
okay please and then say what's up two
gladiators
what up gladiators
tacos it's taco night guys
look at these shells Veronica got there
just like tortilla boats all right
little tortilla boats I wanted to do
something different with where'd you put
with my top who's today I wanted to put
feta cheese on it never really done that
before but I like feta cheese so why not
this is the messiest taco plate I've
ever created BOM I just made the best
tacos ever it doesn't have to be a mess
it doesn't have to be neat I'm whacked
up my heel don't ride this whole corner
at once if the feta cheese is good I'm
gonna wink at you but if it's bad I'm
just gonna spit it out
so Bob and Amanda are about to head out
Amanda's nine months pregnant she's
about to have her first child
it's so exciting everyone give Amanda
huge thumbs up you're gonna do great and
you're gonna love it yeah no you're I
know it seems like it's forever but
Parenthood is awesome you're gonna love
it we are in trouble guys Eliza you
can't really tell cuz the night mode
hasn't switched over yet but Eliza was
so cranky and she wanted to go to bed
it's like 7:15 she wanted to go to sleep
it was like almost six o'clock so she's
gonna be up pretty late tonight Veronica
just went to pick out the boys they
wanted to hang out with Peyton a little
more today and I'm just sitting here
trying to process the information that
we learned today no Veronica is not
pregnant I know you probably would think
that she's pregnant but she's not we've
spent today kind of letting the family
know what's going on and it's just tough
it's a tough tough situation to be in if
you do pray I don't you know if you pray
I don't know what I'm not I'm not much
for prayer myself but I'll say a little
prayer tonight I think look at those
clouds
someone's listening look who just pulled
in no one's getting out you're kidding
me
what the heck hey guess what I love you
I'm trying my first couple of bars ah
it's gonna smell strong how about at all
this was a recommend come on any of you
guys on the comments section so good
call welcome home boys how was your uh
how was your spending the night at
Peyton's what'd you guys do yeah we
tried to get old paintings bunny boo boo
out
she's a bunny yeah oh that's cool did
you have fun all smiles how are you
feeling my love good morning all the way
we we decided to just hang out with each
other last night and watch orange is the
new black
Nauticus hooked on that show orange
today but I keep asking herself why did
they make a TV show based on females in
a Correctional Facility prison
kids came home and wanted to go swimming
so I decided to check the pool I already
had to replace that filter it was
sludged check this out the the levels to
the pool are pretty much perfect it took
us a few months to get to that point the
only thing that's a little high is the
pH and it's it's still on the spectrum
of okay it's just a little teeny bit
high and it's crystal clear I don't know
how we did this it took months to figure
out how to get the pool levels just
perfect alright do you think show me
cannonball my finger we just got done
soon in the pool just got done swimming
in the pool oh this part I know hmm so
yeah chase is over there cleaning out
the pool I'm hanging out with Liza and
join some sunshine hey guys no don't
worry about me too much we'll be just
fine
just some more extensive testing going
on right now so um oh yeah Bob and
Amanda though is here yesterday last
night for dinner
they went home and her water broke so
their baby is on the way so that's
exciting can't wait to see a new baby
that's about all we have free today guys
we'll see all of you right back here
