what is up guys welcome to the vlog
today special day and the very important
day and I have with me we just settled
last time you see little one anyways
today I've recruited Seth to come and
work with me train a little bit on an
actual film shoot they were going up to
like a concert venue called Flanagan in
Dublin Ohio and I have been asked to
create a promotional video for the play
which is amazing opportunities our
careers and you guys so very important
for me to do this today
I thought it'd be cool to mention I'm
going to be flying the drone here and
it's within the four mile radius of the
small airport so basically you have to
call air traffic control for that
Airport and let them know that you'll be
running an operation radiant everything
went pretty smooth it's really actually
simple as a phone call you just call
them let them know where you're at
what time you'll be flying your maximum
elevation and when you're going to be
done we got the okay to fly it's a
beautiful day I hope you guys are
excited because I'm look about you
I'm actually here a lot they actually
would they contact me and say this stuff
yet
they want me for some reason topless in
a speedo kind of has to bring patrons in
order to make them leave at the end not
even to crowd I oh no sorry guys let's
get these bulk start right at you ready
for this yeah yeah we're here past
lanagin's this is probably the least
flattery view but we're about to film
some mapping stuff
and that's that
I really feel like I should have
probably filmed for the blog a little
bit more but we were busy right these
are domed the crap out of the plate and
I'll show you in just a second well
you've already seen it by this point
somewhere I put it in the Edit for what
a fun
as much as I'd like to stay and have an
amazing time
we both have family to go home to right
I have a lot of fun give a lot of family
I have a lot of kids this was something
epic dude I had a lot of fun right I
mean I had like I'll have you caught it
or not I think you're doing something
else but I stood up in front of the
people mm-hmm like camel right there
that give you energy freakin Wetzel and
they went nuts over it dude seriously
though this is this is what I've been
working on you know trying to build a
business doing what I love to do
and this is a perfect example of exactly
that I got to give a big shout out to
country because without him I wouldn't
have been here tonight so shout out the
country for hooking this up and we may
have made a full-on like lifetime
partnership here we'll do the guys are
really really happy with what we shot
and we haven't even edited yet but I
showed some preview clips and he was
just like ah so it's like 10 o'clock and
the vlog has just gotten started so I
don't know what to do now it is morning
good morning and we've spent some time
already today
look at me sun's out guns out kind of
we've already mostly filled this
dumpster he's what she is she's super
sweaty we got most of the stuff we want
to get out of there right
I think the basement yeah the basement
is going to be a whole container I think
by itself yeah and then we forgot to put
it in there but it was so empty and now
we can't lift it up over the head to the
wave Jannetty it's super heavy so yeah I
showed up home quite late last night we
killed it yesterday so
amazing like I would have loved to film
more to show you guys like to vlog more
but that's just so in the moment killing
us down getting amazing footage I do
apologize but that it was so worth it is
so worth it
we're getting this dumpster all filled
up we're almost there
we're not allowed to pile it over the
top edge so we've got a little bit left
to do and then actually dennis has come
into town with the son Alexander and
Romans put together an amazing activity
for them I'm going to go help film some
of it so you won't see it in my vlog you
have to go watch Romans vlog and and
yeah it's going to be so cool I can't
wait to go see it
I just feel so great we had a shower
it's 78 degrees thing feels amazing I
love love love love I'm here nothing
greater than going outside you and to
just make you feel icky right Carson now
all the kids we're going to go see old
Roman and Britt Dennis then the clunk
coming over rumors about the float I'm
going to film from a new habit and then
hopefully
play some games for sure but I feel like
there should be a cookout we know
I don't even know if you can see Liza
what do you think my god me please hold
me
Susie he goes all the way back through
it's like quarter to 11 and we're just
finishing up everything in it always
deleted me and hit the little one dude
what an epic day right mad props Romeo I
just want to say you guys let me just
say this on camera by for you you are
using today dad and me any credit it's
fun and I can't wait till you guys once
I've been the boss of the rumors I can't
wish you here yeah that's fear for sure
I had one now actually that one's way
more impressive hey I don't think wrong
you look like you just like bro yeah
touching touch are you okay no seriously
though y'all learn about ripping agent
look at mine I know you that turtle
checked out we're pretty much hanging
out here for the night but uh it's been
just such a fun day everybody family ah
star who them not which I know hard
wasn't Alice
the bond is very Erin now they had a
best day ever
he's like my friend Wesley dude is good
to see a man someone he two gladiators
from salt dry safe going home that was
hot here's the thing though the main
goal today was to play some battle
ground even Romans they've got a dome
server I don't know we're gonna be like
it's super late well that pretty much
concludes him rather busy past two days
in a row
oh I'm just sitting out here with my
lovely wife and we're admiring that it's
still almost 70 degrees outside
at midnight almost I do apologize that
the passage up and a little bit on me
now a little bit all over the place like
this if this could represent what being
all over the place means yesterday was
amazing was so cool to be able to do
that on the outside it doesn't probably
mean that much to you or to you but for
me it was kind of a cool big deal is
something awful I'm gonna be sleepy
pretty much as soon as we pulled in we
look back and see all the kids passed
out they all played super super hard
today it was such a fun day and Justine
Dennis's son light up I know when he was
inside that would he call it a
caterpillar I don't know what you found
the catechu just seeing him inside
they're destroying that car his face was
so glit up and then knowing all the
things that he's been through super
super nice to see that it was very very
I liked it so guys that pretty much is
where we're going to leave you for today
I want to say thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here
time
