I don't know the first thing about
pruning trees but every time I mow the
grass that thing gets in my way so hard
so yeah I mowed the grass and this tree
is so hard to mow under I mean it's not
as bad as some I've seen but I want to
trim it and I don't know if I don't I
don't know the first thing about pruning
trees so I could kill it and I don't
want to cuz I like it it gives a shade
we sit there and we watch the boys in
the pool it's awesome it's awesome what
are you guys doing plant dunno the
element returned to you number three
that's awesome
I totally appeal okay thank you talk
about color yeah they're anxiously
waiting for a Carson's friend Peyton to
show up with their family they're coming
for dinner time we're doing a cookout
and stuff like that so they're just
going to play cards in the meantime how
would you guys like the yard hey how's
the yard look yeah I mowed it's awesome
it doesn't look like a forest alright
guys it's that time again loading up the
grills with charcoal got a light this up
say what's up Jeremy what's up Jeremy
brought beer and in my book that makes
him okay yeah wait a second wait a
second you guys are bringing all the
babies out here yep we're men we're
grilling and drinking beer well that's
fine
I guess we'll just have to hold off on
them check out my magnificent meat
stacks once again Gil on the grill with
the charcoal no substitutes there ain't
no gas here no for real though that
looks really really good
dang look that melted cheese scorched
meat everyone say hi to Brittany
this is Brittany are you ready to eat I
am it's done
Liza's getting hers okay now let's get
ours oh the kids are getting geared up
Colin are you giving people rides
carefully and responsibly right you're
really not gonna well Nana's gonna see
you so you might put him on
do you know the rules Colin right you
have a passenger so you have to be even
more careful and you have to go really
really slow you're gonna hold on you
hear me least gives you a very very slow
and right out here okay only right
through here got it oh okay no he's not
he smiled
hey Carson are you gonna give Peyton
ride yeah hurry up get your shoes Carson
wants to get Peyton ride and you know
that's rare because Carson doesn't
typically ride he just wants to get paid
around be cool Oh Peyton you better wait
for Carson ya know Carson's gonna drive
yeah you need to take that helmet off so
you can wear it if you have a passenger
you have to go slow okay above all keep
your hands and feet inside the vehicle
at all times
Peyton make sure you hold on don't fall
off the back and have a lot of fun get
it nice and slow Carson
it's probably banned Dada on I want to
show her what I got yeah I wanna I'm
gonna rip some rod and ripped jams and
Jim Jam blue be cautious
doing good dude good job okay have fun
you too late
I'm so proud I'm so proud of my boy
I'm sorry I'm sorry he's probably
macking on your daughter they're both
cute why not not out too late
well this come from your garden yeah
holy cow I never liked anything would
grow in it but it is so there's plenty
of life in there that's a whole
different ecosystem right there Wow I've
noticed anything with zucchini so what
are you gonna do with it I don't know
zucchini bread you gonna buy into comers
me I want Sookie knee fries we should
make some batter and bread it and fry it
and do some kini fries yeah person was
that fun yeah I'm gonna lemon now cuz
it's weight you're gonna come swimming
nice
was it fun awesome sweet I got the tiki
torches lit man mosquitoes are out crazy
bad don't you guys think it's too cold
to swim what do you think not too cold
to swim no all right
at least you got the fire to keep you
warm hmm Oh baby
she said too much Similac she's out look
our playdate barbecue quickly turn into
sleepovers this sleepover with Peyton
excited oh yeah you guys are gonna play
some una yeah we're gonna point you know
we know how to play you know I always
play games at my nannies oops
cool slip car games so I will not be
playing just got the kids settled down
for the night and I come back downstairs
and Chase is asleep scary huh
the coffee there's coffee and there's
bacon and pancakes do I sleep all out
here give me that
hmm hmm I don't know what I'm more
excited about pancakes or coffee or
pancakes and coffee or pancakes dipped
in coffee blows what are you kidding
have you ever tried it no but you go
right ahead and let me know how it
tastes up try it right now this one
right here baked eggs dipped in coffee
oh it's so hot off the griddle oh the
world from Eric pancake Tipton coffee
here we go it doesn't fit you have to
fold it you have to fold it pancake
dipped in coffee it's awful ha ha she's
mumbles her nose thing maybe p-diddy
famous hero yummy stuff okay let's do an
apple
didn't even put a bib on action to play
in it I'm that common
oh-oh-oh-oh and she gets it all over job
not my fault poor baby
something Oh bring gals up roses are you
got these kids when I get in the pool
already I woke up eat breakfast in the
pool
I think Eliza's a lot happier now I just
gave her that cereal and then big six
ounce bottle are you happy hmm what are
you happy you sucking your thumb she's
gonna be one of those I got out of the
shower and I come downstairs and realize
that Peyton's dad came to pick her up
and took the boys home with them so we
don't have the boys but me and Veronica
are getting ready to head out we're
gonna go she's got a doctor's
appointment to get some test results and
then we'll pick back up here with some
home stuff I'm sure we're gonna do today
so I'm sorry if today's walks a little
short and weird I was trying to be a
little respectful with Peyton and her
parents didn't want to put too much you
know
vlog in their face after just meeting
her dad so that's okay with you guys
that's all I got for you today thank you
so much for watching and I can't wait to
see you guys right back here tomorrow
