hey guys today we're gonna teach you how
to make the most awesome gigantic
bubbles you've ever seen
I'm gonna show you how to make the
solution with easy ingredients that you
probably already have around the house
and I'll teach you how to make the wands
that you need to make these giant
bubbles let's do this all right here's
what you're gonna need you're gonna need
two dowel rods we have four here because
we're gonna make two different wands
you also need hook and eyelets these are
called screw eyes and get those at any
hardware store you need two washers for
each wand weight and then you need a
hundred percent cotton rope all right
first things first
take your eyelets and screw them into
the ends of your dowel rods it's time to
set up the rope first step is to take
your two washers and put them on the
rope and you want to make sure that
they're dead centered like this okay and
then we'll tie a knot so that the
washers stay in the middle
take your rod with the eyelet feed your
rip through give it about a foot and
then you're gonna tie that rope around
the eyelet you want to leave some slack
because we're trying to make like a
we're trying to make a connection on the
top and do the same thing on the other
side and so our rods have two pieces of
rope that we need to tie together and
we'll take those pieces and tie them
like this when we're done we'll have
something that looks kind of like this
now time to make the solution for the
bubbles I've got two separate containers
because we're going to use two different
formulas both formulas we are going to
need under soap cornstarch baking powder
in this container I am going to use a
pure glycerin and in this container I am
going to use the lubricating jelly so we
start with a half a cup of corn starch
1/2 a cup of the Dawn dish soap
a tablespoon of the baking powder in
this container we're going to use a
tablespoon of lubricating jelly this
container we're going to use a
tablespoon of beer glycerin and now you
want to stir the mixture up but you want
to stir it very gently
so you don't cause a bunch of bubbles in
it or you want to make sure you scrape
the bottom good to get all the
cornstarch mixed up so we have to soak
the rope into the solution for a minute
to make sure everything is absorbed and
then we'll we'll see if it works out
so as you can tell guys the bubbles are
a huge success what do you think was the
better solution I'd have to say that
lubricating jelly
yeah the lubricating jelly was
definitely the better mix even the
glycerin we had to double and it's
built-in it matched the consistency of
the lubricating jelly yeah so thumbs up
this video if you guys liked it the kids
definitely did that's all we got for in
this one we'll see you next time
