what's up guys happy Monday
it's a beautiful Monday it's nice and
hot and sunny alright I got calling in
the back of me we're headed to the post
office to pick up fan mail
and I'd actually like to start doing
this on a regular basis like every
Monday go check them out if there's
enough fan mail we'll do a video if not
we'll put you to the next Monday good
you want to go in with you you're gonna
sit out here
alright good choice it's so nice to have
a little buddy with me helping me out
thanks for coming dude I like your shirt
by the way
plants vs. zombies oh really
hey Etha we're here for male what's up
Mike alright cool then we got some mail
we're gonna do a female video tonight oh
and you got a kid I'll give you a kiss
we stopped at this local hardware store
again because we need that we need that
softener salt you're gonna lift the bag
I bet you could no I don't know that's
40 pounds
how are you alright Colin let's see you
lift one
I've been demoted to well lifeguard
again decided to come out here and try
and finish this video I didn't get the
vlog done yet kind of behind but the
bubble video is done it's gonna go up
right meow and Tasha just showed up so
now it's time to take some photos now
shooting children can be especially
tricky because they don't they don't sit
still so when you do shoot children you
have to use a high shutter speed so that
you can capture them real quick or else
if they move while your exposures
happening then you have like trails
you'll learn more once I do the aperture
ISO and shutter speed video once I get
around to it so we're gonna shoot in
here but before I can do anything I have
to move around pretty much my whole
entire living room the natural light is
beautiful so we're gonna use it
I mean heat that nice little teddy bear
basket setup
Quentin's gonna have a little while he
broke for a little boob weight he's all
happy and giddy now that's messed up I
already put everything back kids I think
they're like entitled or something just
to just now finish the vlog and it's
6:27 sorry about that we've got some
photos out of the way I just got a call
from Veronica's mom in the last video
you saw me help her hook up she got a
new computer that computer was too slow
so she took it back and she just called
me to come back over and help her rehook
up everything that I did yesterday the
last time Veronica made this meal
everyone was like crazy about it because
she showed everyone how to make it
it's those famous cheesy alfredo
roll-ups
this batch looks particularly delicious
you're really good at that honey I love
them to toe so you're about to love them
oh nice perfect what do you think what's
the verdict where you give it four
thumbs up nice well those are pointer
fingers you really have four
I hate to eat and run honey I love you I
gotta go to work I'll be back by my mom
no problem I love everyone I love you
guys we'll take care of those lies when
we get back so I show up and Miss picky
must have been watching yesterday
because she pretty much got her printer
set up all by herself at the web site
she reads is not playing well with this
system so we're gonna try a different
browser it's less than 60 seconds boom
Firefox try that out yes it worked
apparently that that website does not
like Internet Explorer so we switched it
over to Firefox boom Don probably solved
Eliza's getting her first introduction
to the acoustic guitar just watch her
like she's focusing on that guitar so
much
she's like what is this what was that
I'm trying to get her to flick one of
the strings yeah she's sitting up yep
place a song Liza you could do it yeah
poor thing she's got such a stuffy nose
and she's starting to kaufe little bit
baby's first little cough it sucks we
have to suck her snot out so she can
sleep tonight with our mouths with her
mouth no don't touch it yucky thank you
holy cow she's a flatulent one baby girl
it's time to suck look it out makes her
mad get the boogers not her brains oh
she's done she's done I don't know about
you guys but I mean look at the time
the Oprah did there see I changed the
time I turned it backwards no I just
made a day time that's I have a you're
making me cinnamon rolls for breakfast
okay I just was informed I have to go to
Walmart and get some shock I gotta get
some shock for the pool I should give
the job to you you're so good at it
I checked it now descending you after
this blood are you ready for cinnamon
rolls yeah I think we're gonna do this
macaroni salad
Veronica's invited Carson's friend
Payson Payton and her family over for
playdate basically in dinner so I'm
getting all the necessary things for
cookout oh yeah
loved em pickles check this I'm having
cheesy bacon burger so good got that new
pool filter we're gonna go install this
right now have my smoothie yeah thank
you money she put bananas and Kiwi and
watch some other mixed fruit blueberries
time for Q&A any advice for someone
again you work with in graphic design
that's Ryan master Ryan it's actually
really tough because much like graphic
designers nowadays it used to be like
guitar players for band they're dime a
dozen
you can find anyone that is capable of
graphic design the the biggest advice
and best advice that I could give you is
to do work that stands out I also see a
lot of people commenting about the audio
and video being messed up I don't
understand how that's possible because
when I export I always watch the first
few seconds of the video and
everything's fine so
we're in the import process our upload
process its messing up I don't have to
look into it and see and see what the
deal is but I don't I don't see that on
my end
are we having any more kids Austin no if
you didn't do YouTube what do you think
your job would have been crazy lava boy
if I didn't do YouTube I'd still be
pursuing some form of video production
because that's what I love YouTube just
so happens to be the most easy and
accessible platform for me to do that
however calling in Carson now which one
is older Marta Colin is the oldest he's
seven Carson 6ij say no I've never heard
anyone say it look like Matt Damon from
your main daily vlog - reviews - legend
projects projects to helping people with
camera and editing work in 10 years what
do you want your professional career to
look like I've actually put a lot of
thought into what would happen if
YouTube was gone tomorrow
a lot of you have asked about the garage
the building out here beside my house
that is mine
it came with the property and the owner
are the ex-owner still is using that
storage until they can build themselves
another building once that happens I I
plan on creating a business that that
offers professional work like graphic
design video production web design and
social media consultation because I feel
like I have valuable information in that
field so the plan is to create something
called Gilroy media and offer these
services to other youtubers small
businesses people who need them what's
your motivation to keep doing daily
vlogs from Rene Rene I genuinely I
really do like it
it drives me crazy if I miss a day on
accident or on purpose
it really drives me crazy so I do it
because I actually love it I love making
these videos and I love the editing
process and I
honestly enjoy the feedback that I get
from the comment sections the positive
feedback that concludes Q&A for today
I'm gonna go change the pool filter
guys saw the last time I rinsed this
filter out it took that long for this
thing to quit working again and I'm
pretty sure it's because it's all
clogged yeah
so I said to heck with that we need a
new one
just plop this bad boy right in there oh
yeah I noticed it was probably a bad
filter because this this outlet valve
was like just barely spitting water
again so fixed done enjoy the pool
alright guys I'm gonna go shock the pool
and I got ammo before our company comes
over so that's all I got for you today
thank you so much for watching I can't
wait to see all of you right back here
tomorrow
