she sees my job it's my job as lifeguard
to make sure all these kids stay safe in
this pool no looking at the lifeguard
yeah it's that fun yeah feels good huh
oh don't flop out like floppy little
fishy today's gonna be hot guys 90 no
splashing it's gonna be like 90 to 93
degrees today that's that's pretty hot
here in a few we're gonna go to Lowe's
and get some stuff for the for my deep
cleaning days this week we're gonna get
rid of a ton of stuff and get my house
into like a you know like a presentable
shape we got stuff stashed everywhere
it's almost like we just keep bringing
stuff into the house and we never get
rid of it some things we use some things
we don't you know a lot of it's the kids
stuff but it's gotta get I gotta catch
up on it I have to it's driving me nuts
come on Bubba I said no peeing in the
pool he's like all right I gotta get out
yeah
I don't know about where you guys about
here 94
it's like you could swim through the air
so humid monkey we're going to love ya
this is what I'm talking about we're
getting organized we're getting a bunch
of totes you want to get a couple
different sizes like maybe some short
ones we're gonna build shelves in the
basement once we get everything down
there and put everything in totes
organized markers on the box tells you
what's inside I wanted to get one for
awhile and I think today's the day I've
been looking at ceiling fans and I
really like this one
Veronica wants the ceiling fan for the
living room we're gonna get it
the Harbour Bridge Springfield - that's
one this is what I'm working on today
hanging a ceiling fan I've got a
universal like wireless remote control
with it - so you don't have to pull the
strings or anything I'm sweet I got
storage storage containers and then
we're gonna hang shelves and analyzes
camera for her monitor she's starting to
grab a hold of that thing now and it
really scares me because I don't want
her to you know what strangle herself
what do you think yeah everything should
be so she needs a DVI connector adapter
for her VGA cable that goes out of her
second monitor here I thought I had one
but I don't so we're gonna get that up
finally got the Internet between this
computer in this computer
you got a new router all new stuff and
it's a painting not but isn't that
Carson it's a pain in the butt to get
that connected Thunder so the reset of
two different prayers they were
unrecognized by the USB tree whoa I got
both of them working
I know I got the big one working this
little little diamond
little printer oh it's about to throw
down I'm gonna truth this is the test
the printer test
what are you running first the paper yep
receiving data receiving data
yeah and now for my next magic trick
ma'am I fixed it boom done thank you
thank you enjoy your work yeah
hey did you discuss to discuss anything
with Jeb yes Jay you want to help me
hanging ceiling fan no rush no rush here
we go so a little pre assembly out of
the way we got the fan blades assembled
this remote thing has some kind of
control box that we have to wire up
there so that's done now we have to turn
off the power and hope to god we don't
shock and kill ourselves behind the sea
living room 18 20 17 18 we're just
hanging out here watching these guys oh
yeah you got that part up thank you
missed it mm-hmm next we got the fan
blades going up after they lose half the
screws really it's all hooked up and
then we get the button on the remote and
nothing happens as long as you can still
use the full change of heart
doesn't work it's almost full change
still working that little box of birds
and interfering with you all right girl
so go take the whole thing apart I'll
have to take the whole thing apart cuz
if the remote don't work I'm taking that
thing back well he's not any type of
certified electrician so we run fast
Liza huh
I see movement didn't see any sparks
turn the light on up here Wow are you
kidding me
dull ball whoa light it's so much better
why do they even have that in here it
says that one way is for incandescent
and one ways for compact fluorescent so
the different types of bulbs right yeah
it's definitely more of a normal
lighting not mood lighting
I'm proud it looks good that's one
project down for the day two more to go
still gonna the upstairs shower and
hang eliza's shelves in her camera
the baby monitor camera all right honey
I'm gonna go put my in the shower
all right one project to the next time
to hang a show is this my hole this my
hole ready I hope you plugged it in oh
you didn't plug it in you need this
thing is a lifesaver when you're trying
to hang shelves or any kind of picture
frames boom laser level camera batteries
always not be dying and stuff on me
right in the middle of a very important
project this is an important project
right here these drilling and screwing
stuff number one reason we put these
shelves here is because this little
camera used to sit right here in her
crib and it's got an accord attached to
it well now Eliza's moving around and
she can totally reach this and it's a
strangulation hazard so we now have to
put this monitor up here or the camera
up here and look down so we can see her
where do you think Liza we like your
shelves you like your shelves up there
we're gonna paint them white so they
match the rest of the room but that's
three off my chore list here's where I
always get in this same situation I'm in
right now this week I'm trying to get
rid of all kinds of stuff that we don't
need so I just replaced this light
fixture this is the old light fixture
from the living room do I keep it or do
I pitch it I mean it's a perfectly good
working light fixture and I think to
myself like if I were to sell this house
I wouldn't take my ceiling
down because it increased you know the
ceiling fan and the fixtures increase
the value of the home I'm just gonna
pitch it I'm gonna pitch it this is your
bedtime snack yeah good guy spooning
upside-down yeah that's okay I can rinse
it off so I've been so busy and getting
different things done today I definitely
forgot to eat dinner so I'm having a
bowl of cookie crisps with kids you know
you said it GU Buki Chris at the end of
August which I know that's far away but
at the end of August I got a buddy who's
gonna be in the States from England
James Barb's sir you know you know we've
talked before on the vlogs I think he's
coming to the u.s. to travel and he's
gonna come here and stay with us for a
week and I think there's gonna be a lot
of fun we're gonna do quite a few videos
together and I wanted to kind of get my
house in order before that happens so
that's what you get with daily vlogs I
mean some days periscoping with Andy
Milonakis
on Hollywood Boulevard and some days I'm
at home talking and screwing stuff hey
when you tell the gladiators goodnight
well tell we'll say good night for Colin
he already went upstairs to sleep I'm
gonna get some more cleaning done but
first I think I'm gonna have a ball ice
cream
you guys keep hangin out yeah I don't
know why you keep doing that but here's
what's going on Veronica is going to a
doctor's appointment me and the boys are
gonna go check the fan mail and it's
ironic that I was saying something about
our hard water and the salt and the
softener and all that stuff yesterday
because I need to go get sulphur that
also it's running low
everyone say hi to cute baby Liza a baby
like look I'm also putting the finishing
touches on this bubble video that's
gonna be this one nail for sure I think
that's the coolest still that I can grab
this video I mean it's it's been a long
time since we actually shot it and I've
just been really busy with Legends of
Awesome getting everything going with
that to focus on any other things I mean
I looked at my review channel and it's
been over a month since I posted a video
on there so Gilroy is gonna get back on
the on the ball this week for sure for
sure I'll see you back in a little bit
we love you you're with me dude we're
also gonna do a photo shoot today with
her sister Tasha who just had a new baby
Quinton Quinta new baby Quinton so
that'll be a lot of fun yeah we're gonna
do some cool stuff today so make sure
you guys come back why don't you guys
load the comment section with some
questions for Q&A tomorrow I want to do
Q&A tomorrow and then we'll be doing a
fan mail video hopefully later tonight
we'll film it tonight and give that up
for you guys this week
so that's all we got for you today thank
you guys so much for watching and we
can't wait to see all of you right back
here tomorrow
