yeah it's we're starting the day with
nasty nasty storms but we also are
treating baby Eliza back to some real
baby food what is this carrot carrots
how is it she went for a second bite no
not bad oh is that good
do you like the carrots then she can eat
that's why you gave her a bad squash
before you fed your food so she'll need
another one here to sing it all right we
got the vlog going why's this all dress
and cute look at me Liza look at daddy
the camera yeah you too cute I know
we're gonna go we're gonna go see my
brother he's got a little little
surprise that I think you guys might
like to know about pretty awesome my
name is Ray and I forget everything it's
so tricky
look at this I just want to point out
something coming home from LA where you
can't even see this far away from where
you're standing like everything's three
inches apart back out to the country
where you can see for miles which do you
like better do you like being in the
country or do you like being in the city
I love the city I don't get me wrong but
something about your country girl you're
biased beat my meat are you serious
what's on the menu Sam country fried
chicken that's all right
see dad dad
oh yes oh she said dad dad you said dad
dad
good job give me five I can't believe I
just come back do you say dad dad no no
he said no no say dad dad get whoa oh
you try and aid you she's jealous now
baby Liza said dad dad first
that is awesome that's awesome Liza
yeah dad dad
han look at this
so what's the surprise what's this
secret what just like that you're
kidding me another one I knew it I knew
you're gonna say that checking out the
bunny dude what's his name
Benny the bunny yep nice feeling some
grass are you you should go on your bike
bring our bikes no that's a pretty steep
hill guys I am getting ready to play
with my power
you remember this flower power it's
flower power listen to these dogs you
okay dude all right buddy
I could not imagine having a dog that
sounded like that you're talking about
healthy stuff for the warning oh my god
finds that stuff too
Veronica wants to have let's wake up
have smoothie fruit smoothie in the
morning go to the gym workout I'm kind
of considering like I talked about it
when we were doing collab fest I want to
get on a workout schedule and I'll admit
I haven't really done that yet it's like
hard to transition I don't know you just
have to do it you got to make your mind
up and do it so that's what I want to do
I want to make my mind up and actually
do it it has to become part of your
daily routine did you do it yesterday
what you guys decide to watch How to
Train Your Dragon - mm-hmm nice are you
gonna help us tomorrow we're gonna do a
full on we've been talking about doing a
shall we call it
purge project purge means whatever we
have in the house that we don't need or
ever use we're gonna get rid of it we
can get rid of some toys right yeah all
right tell the gladiators goodnight
they're right here
Carson you and Tyrone good night you
ready to get hard I mean are you ready
to watch get hard honey yeah you gonna
watch it with me yes yes of course
well we're gonna watch a movie and then
I can't wait till we get started with
this tomorrow I just can't wait mmm I'm
serious but we're gonna just skip to the
good part and fast-forward through the
movie and get to the smoothies and stuff
yeah you make a bomb smoothie my love
Thanks good what's all in here pineapple
bananas strawberries fresh pineapple
banana strawberries Greek yogurt nice
well good morning Cheers
this is what I'm working on today the
next few days a couple hours a day we're
gonna be doing something that I call
deep cleaning days I noticed there's
this black stuff it's probably mauled
because this is a really this is a
really small bathroom when you take a
shower it all fills up with steam and
you know that can't be good for keeping
mold out so we're gonna spray there's
like a peroxide solution you can spray
to kill the mold and stuff I'm gonna
recog on the edges of the shower and
then you saw before when the rust not
the rest when the softener runs out of
salt and that water comes through the
system
these porous surfaces like like this
bathtub or shower they absorb the rust
color so I found that this stuff
barkeeps best friend
this stuff's used for like brass and
metal but you can use it on that stuff
and it takes it
the rust off boom like that I'm gonna
kill it I'm gonna kill it today look I
didn't even start scrubbing it and look
at where I put the powder it's already
starting to eat away that rough stuff
I'm telling you this does awesome watch
in 10 minutes that's gonna be a
completely white service check that out
pure white again that only took about 15
minutes if you ever have rust in your
tub you need to get it out super easy
barkis best friend Gilroy proves it
nice big shower do you think of the
shower it's brand new
I know it's like brand spankin new I
will mention I don't know if I said it
but if you guys are mess with that stuff
to clean your showers make sure you wear
gloves or something or just be careful
because it is kind of it's kind of
irritating to your skin's
I don't give a rip so I just don't use
clothes but if you do use it you know
use caution calling you and go with me
to Lowe's over ok ok I'll do my thing
then I'll do my thing alright guys so
I'm gonna go ahead and get this vlog
wrapped up get it edited and we will see
all of you right back here tomorrow
you
