welcome back to Ohio guys it's actually
very beautiful today it's hot and sunny
I don't think you could ask me yeah I
keep seeing these pictures send me of
lightning or a radar with death coming
have some glad it's nice
I'm they're confused what season are we
in it's Christmas in July there's no
snow the troop careful careful
Carson wanted to push his sister around
we had to come to Walmart so we can get
pull stuff the the pool needs constant
maintenance I come back and I look in
there and it's all green again mommy
wasn't doing her job mom mom I think we
should get every chemical that way if we
need it we got it there
yeah there's so much oh that's cute so
look we got to get new to test strips
because we've been using Vicki's she had
a fool but she doesn't use it for the
past two years so we're using her old
test strips and I guess we're just gonna
shock it that's talking bleach and you
got Manion goggles we're probably gonna
be able to swim today I see watch this
yeah are you just going through the
store picking up everything menu
squash he really wanted you to have that
I decided to get a new kind of coffee
today I just want to mix things up and
you know change it up I'm going to
Seattle's best number four medium rich I
mean medium dark let me know if you
think there's a specific coffee that I
should try because I'm in to try new
things I thought about getting hazelnut
back yeah yeah I'll plug it in Hey look
at the pool again it's not a screen yeah
and those greens it was before but it's
definitely starting I think it has
something to do with all the rain like
the Sun hasn't been out here for quite a
few days I guess so it's starting to
grow algae and put that shock treatment
in here and see what happens
last time she put that stuff in here the
next morning it was pretty much all
clear ah would you get spider with did
you get more Sun
we've been outside of it looks more
cloudy that's for sure we just got to
let this pump run for a while and get
everything mixed around or we could
throw the kids in there they'll be fine
they'll be fine
Oh Dallas is here what up now what I'll
dial Dallas shows up automatically being
beside the trampoline I'm like yo let's
do some backflips do you got yours down
let's see it nice very nice now let's
show mine so now that we got the
backflips we're trying to get some more
extreme tricks of course we got a look
at Google because we don't know what the
hell we're doing the boys are getting
all geared up for the new minions movie
when are we gonna just see that I figure
it out
I saw pretty cool display in LA with
this huge like thing was a banana or
something and the minions were on top of
it on a building go
yeah Carson wins yeah
about to light up that grill but look I
left the old coals in there I used to
have one that had like a you know like a
chamber down here he could take off they
would catch the old stuff I need I need
to grill like that again I need to get a
big grill what am i what am i messing
with this one for voila my match light
ran out of juice so I had to actually
use some charcoal lighter fluid does the
trick every time for real that I should
probably get a new girl brats
help in yo pepper jerky never tried that
one never tried that one are you being
so cute down here I think you are hey
you just back here giggling laughing
pushing yourself around
that's art right there that's a meet
window looks like a looks like the four
side on a dice made out of meat yeah
what do you think about what look at my
artwork I like it
alright Liza anyone on your burger how
does lettuce eat pickled tomato and all
that stuff oh oh yeah get excited put a
hamburger salad well fresh pineapple
it's just hamburgers and brats I guess
any other sides all right we got fresh
batteries in here a new SD card I'm
gonna power this thing up a mess of it
video tape Veronica making cookies with
this yeah you want to make some cookies
honey yeah let's do it I don't know if I
mentioned what it is yet but it's a FeO
tech pea tech g4 handheld gimbal they
make these poles you can put on the end
of them so you can get like these real
long crane looking shots take it way up
in the air I should get one of those but
this thing so second but you had cookies
and now you're ready to fall asleep
Colin
come on go I gotta tuck you in and give
you the tips again night boys tell daddy
good night
mr. telling good night Carson oh you're
so nice mmm breakfast thanks honey it's
time for breakfast good morning everyone
everyone good morning Liza take a
morning she's not gonna we're up early
getting breakfast in Carson yeah oh you
already ate bacon I got eggs and bacon
you got boiled eggs those are fried egg
eggs yeah bone ax for eggs oh not really
before we end the vlog for today I need
to go outside and fix the pool I got to
plug the hoses to the pump and clean out
the filter or something because the
filters not working very well get this
filter I'm thinking the filters way
dirty yeah news braids this off it's
definitely a dirty filter I noticed
yesterday that the outlet valve that
blows the water back into the pool it
was like barely coming out
it's going to be hot the rest of this
weekend so I wanted to make sure that
the pool is nice and clean and ready for
the boys to swim and have fun it
we're gonna need some more power look
this is way better it don't look like
much on camera but yesterday I was just
barely blowing out of there so it's good
it's good it's a little cloudy but I
just tested it everything is perfect
except it's a little too high on the ph
side so I got just the thing for that
you want to build a Lego castle huh
mm-hmm okay all right chip that's why
I'm wearing red shirt yeah let's do it
I'll build a castle with you I'm gonna
build a little Lego castle with the boys
and I gotta get my editing done all that
stuff a little bit of play first castle
yeah all right guys that's all we got
for you today thank you so much for
watching I'm gonna build some Legos with
the kids and maybe later we'll do
something really fun it's a surprise all
right we'll see you guys right back here
tomorrow
you
