so guys getting ready to board our plane
and go home I can't leave the door of 72
for the on-time fly he has to be thirty
years old back of the fossil show
oh man I want to check out the cockpit
features of this aircraft FAA regulation
requires you to follow the instructions
for food adversity and comply with
posted lighted signs
well we made it to Houston unfortunately
on that plate I got gypped out the
window seats I didn't really get to take
off the land
but I need to fly my flight if the gate
hasn't been assigned so don't know where
to go
we're getting on these little ones
thank you I've always wanted to be the
last one on the plane it sure is good to
be back in Columbus
Veronica should be here a little bit to
pick me up hope the kids are with her I
think they are I sure do miss them look
who I found they weren't late at all no
I thought you were so late oh yeah you
sure did
there's my Carson Colin and this happy
little girl mmm she was just smiling
long I sure did miss you guys you wanna
ride the escalator yeah oh yeah we'll
get down that one yeah for sure
we gotta find my bag though daddy's
recording we've done windy you're
recording me did you miss me did ya we
missed our Father so so much yeah
check out my mouth except longer-term
except long-term this time oh that's
amazing
it's like so good to be home I wish I
could just go home
taking all you guys home and then I'm
leavin by myself
first we're gonna go get some food right
up here well this is stick this is our
exit up here you'll see here hold on dad
looks like a good spot right there
peach french toast yeah are you kidding
me that's probably so good hearing
danger like that she looks like like a
princess look at me watch what you say
iliza didn't make it
sorry to film any of our doing because
we I was starting I hate like a savage
and no one wants to see that more fries
these are all pretty much soggy licious
but have at it
like your face fainted and yours too
yeah it's a dragon what's that good guys
yeah can I ask you guys a really big
favor can we just go home already daddy
wants to go home
these guys want to play video games it's
like 9:00 something at night it's almost
10 o'clock oh so bright the one thing
the boys want us to do is me when I came
home play video games huh let's do it
let's do it wait what's that on your
shirt what is that and nothing there was
nothing but what's this show me show me
the the music box
I was pretty straight dance
there's here's painted red there's
yellow there's like me
what's that dance look like oh yeah the
dance of the dance nice we're reviewing
some of the stuff
Veronica Shaw she blogged while while I
was away but there was a lot of problems
with the downloading of the footage I
kept getting these errors when I tried
to download her footage and the plan was
to when she did vlog I would you know
kind of integrate them into my day and
we bounce back and forth like you saw in
yesterday's video but it for whatever
reason I don't know Google Drive didn't
want to let me download the files I had
to download like two or three at a time
I couldn't download all of stuff at once
so it was really really annoying and
unfortunate because I wanted to do that
for every day she vlog was bounce back
and forth but it didn't work out and
they probably would have been like 30
minutes 40 minutes blogs probably we're
gonna get you guys this one it's gonna
post on the channel right after this
vlog and I need to get the bubble video
dawn which I I just haven't had I
haven't had time I've been busy crushing
this LOA project so please bear with us
oh and Colin you have a new trick you
want a show let's show let's show I want
to show you guys what Colin learned
vials gone this is exciting
here's what we wanted to show you guys
but what's different about his bike can
you tell can you tell what's different
it's missing something it's missing
something
no training wheels you took the training
wheels off finally Colin was like I'm
gonna ride my bike without training
wheels show me how good you are dude I'm
so proud yes yeah yeah it's collet
dude so awesome show me this crazy trick
through the ditch Sean that's the crazy
stunt awesome I once arrived before
wheeler
look he's chess play came in it's
awesome
or insight
oh yeah
nice
I keep saying that me and Eddie were
saying that the whole time I was there
we got stuck
have fun
it sure is good to be home super cool I
was just showing the boys this new the
gimbal and they were like what pressure
the demo now we're gonna try and play
with it but we're gonna we're gonna call
it a day I think I finally am home it's
so good to be home I can't say that
enough what we do have some fan mail we
can do we'll be doing one of those
videos later I think her mom said that
she got more for us she's been picking
it up for us so that's where we leave
you today guys
don't forget the tax our contest is
still going until the end of July so
make sure you follow me on texture for
your chance to win a gopro hero4 I can't
wait to give that away so make sure you
guys get in on that tactical contest if
you made it to the end of today's vlog
make sure you give it a big fat thumbs
up for daddy being home so that's it
we're gonna end this vlog now and go do
something fun with the family thank you
guys so much for watching we can't wait
to see right back here tomorrow
