what's up guys good morning good morning
good morning good morning it's my last
day here my last full day here I leave
tomorrow morning and instead we did some
cool stuff while we were here and to be
honest this is only the beginning it's
the start it really is it's the
beginning I'm really excited for what's
ahead for legends awesome
I think both of us bring so many
different awesome qualities to this
project like muscles yeah like muscles
but yeah it's it's got a lot of cool
stuff going on we already talked about
potentially going to milwaukie for
something yeah you know you know there's
people all over the world you guys are
everywhere so tell me you're at why
would you come to you you know yeah wait
till we get this trailer a poco you're
gonna watch the trailer and understand
completely what you have to do and we
truly need your guys's help to get this
video out there so when it does launch
the trailer you got to share it you got
to share it we just dropped Eric off to
work we have a little bit of work to do
we're gonna try and get this thing
edited today yeah I got to take that
gamble back to samy's camera because
it's acting funny and I want to make
sure that I have a nice good working
gimbal
so we're gonna take that back now that
was easy they switched it for me no
 zest all I did was try it out for
himself and felt the vibration it had
like drag on it was like one of the tilt
axis had like friction like it wasn't
smooth so we got us a new one that's
good I feel good about that check it out
you guys we're building this thing oh
don't come in together you're gonna give
up lat I mean pretty much the rest today
we're gonna do this we're gonna go to
dinner meet up with Christian Andy I
think that's it but I think now is a
good time since we're kind of stuck in
here I don't have a whole lot to show
you or vlog about so why don't we check
in with Veronica and the kids so you can
see what they've been up to the vlog
from home today I actually have a
surprise for the boys I told them this
morning I had a surprise for them
they've been begging me ever since come
here what do you think the surprises I
don't know has a pool boy okay do they
have backman I don't know if a man
we're camping yeah you figured it out at
a playground and the pool yeah yeah in
the big jumpy bouncy thing yeah it's
like a trampled yeah it's kind of like a
trampoline yeah a bouncy house
boys did you enjoy your lunch bang
brunch you know so yeah we came to
donatos friends lunch brunch sorry
person it's okay brunch this is we got
here the lady that set us down gave us
paper and crayons for the voice to color
while you're waiting and I'm talking to
Jennifer and look over and this is what
Carson drawls I'm used my daddy my dad
so much oh you miss daddy you picture
the apartment no Collin said last night
when I was tucking in bed would you say
it's really hard to do this without
daddy here something along those lines
you miss his daddy talking am in bed at
night that's awesome
he gives me tickles no me all right let
go let me push it you think so I so I
think you can't go so we're gonna figure
out what we want to eat for the next
couple of days while we're camping and
get this he made it out of Walmart
telling and going through that store
maybe it's fine it's the other two kids
the older kids that want this and want
that and want this and we should get
this and that let's get to camping
trying to get everything packed and
ready and you would think that we're
leaving for a week on vacation really
we're just going for the weekend but
have so much baby stuff like this gotta
take the pack and play the Walker so she
has something like stand up and playing
in this little seat so I can feed her
like the cereal then we've got towels oh
I got the stroller back there too so its
all full of baby stuff so to put
everything else up here pillows blankets
diaper bag and then our little bag down
there oh we made it here to the camper
now it's just a matter of getting
everything put away got a little fridge
you got the sum of the groceries put
away so that's what we're working on
Nyjah hey Liza oh hey Eliza hi mm-hmm
who showed up yah the boys want to go
over and check out these little bites so
maybe if we spray around her let's walk
I know the mosquitoes about ye is
raining but tomorrow's supposed to be
nice and sunny hey don't get on it there
he goes home decided he wanted to write
it tonight the watch the cars so the
rules are as much as we pay to stay here
the rules are you get 15 minutes free on
one of the bikes and then if you want to
write it again later tomorrow it's six
dollars for a half hour
oh it's kind of bad to laugh on when
they slip and fall but it's it's funny
alright guys that's about all for us
today we're just hanging out on the
swings and the boys are playing on a
little jumpy thing there New York
actually ordered pizza for dinner we
brought stuff for hammers hot dogs but
by the time we got everything set up
it's like math are done let's order
pizza so we'll save the hamburger not
dogs for tomorrow yeah weird there's
pizza joint right on man so that's right
okay so yeah we uh we'll catch back up
with you guys tomorrow
yeah you can tell the kids are having
fun camping and stuff so we're out now
for dinner it's my last dinner in LA for
a little while adding my boy where we
going a place that I've never been to
that I always got by actually with my
buddy Andy we always drive by and
with a nice but what's it called stop
feeding our okay
Oh Christians come into ya boy haven't
got to see Christian yet this trip
woofer at one of those restaurants where
he had a white nothing look heads fancy
with this pinky reef oh that's so juicy
do Alex chef nice tonight Christian came
to join them what's up my man Andy
Milonakis you got the little fluffy
 Mike machinist yeah it
keeps the window row looks good
see you thank goodness you drove dude no
bra hanging up on I now huh good walk
from your house yeah yeah yeah literally
all right look I was so worried that
we're gonna have to go up though it took
me a whole month half a mile it took me
like exactly 10 minutes oh no it's not
the same my texting manually
and he's about to ask all these chicks
while they're waiting outside with you
we don't want any part of that yeah who
is it one direction ha that's funny
Christian yellow your garage is kind of
dark dude why don't we yeah let's go
let's get a beer yeah oh nice show that
man that frigerator was next level of
next-level stuff I've never been in a
cooler refrigerator Oh Christian it's
good to see bro we miss you I'm back I
will tell the family said I let him make
the vlog don't owe tom tom tom tom tom
look at a party heart so that's because
they love you our hearts good a together
they can just they can just keep we're
trying to pick up Erica from work
there's so many people blowing up over
there and we know he's 39 who's there in
that Andy go where have you been that
way we were loving but it does yeah yes
but we were waiting for you right Andy
gets bored he hops out and says you i'm
gonna mess with people
and he's he's been getting everyone
crazy and then we all three decided to
periscope I periscope and periscoping
handy periscope you guys are cute hey
it's my last night here we got to do
something special
skim off 630 am Thomas a later to this
dude we gotta catch a plane Eddie it was
so much fun bro he is thinks he's
getting a gold we'll see you soon good
morning guys la was fun in productive we
gotta catch our plane about to board the
plane to go home I'm pretty excited for
that miss Veronica and the kids la was a
lot of fun we did a lot of cool things
and met some really awesome people and
that's about all for us I thank you so
much for watching and we'll see all you
right back here tomorrow
you
