what's up guys welcome to today we're
waiting for our buddy Genesis to show up
again we're filming with him again today
but before we go we're gonna roll down
the street real quick a little juice
shop right you shot
hungry so I got some food too but what
does this tell me why do you drink this
just tastes good it cleans you out I
give you were sick too and you're like a
little stuffy it just like shoots down
your nose a little bit a little spicy
this one too yeah down spicy the other
one has course it's like that one plus
horseradish so that one's even like more
burning intense it's good used to it
fast beep I shoulda got another one then
your mouths gonna be hot haha attorney
who drink juice we don't use at the
earth floor Cheers
I'm not hitting my face actually does
this noisy please he's coming in time
it's coming so true tell until you got
your stuff let's get going to da beach
let's go we're gonna go down to venice
and capture a bunch of b-roll shots and
stuff and probably have you skate there
a little bit o skin to hold an eye on oh
go good
I think though Genesis studying skating
here you don't like that Venice spot
let's go I'm just gonna film do dishes
look this will be the first footage that
we've really captured with this camera
or this gimbal Oh what the huh oh dude
that thing is so sick you have no idea
just a lien it's a it's my shaken in a
standard still look at cake yeah we just
did this Venice skate park Genesis is
that bull too much huh you ride that
bull for me sometime pebbles huge bro
all right those guys are killing us a
bit tired too just riding yeah you
stayed up late last night we saw you in
the car in a way falling asleep how is
out we're gonna kill time until people
show up and do rope rope climbing races
with this cat cheap physical I'm some
rope yeah
so I'm making any I'm making a new
YouTube banner picture for the gilroy
vlog channel I just felt inspired to do
that since I'm here and he's going to
shoot the photo my goal is to be like
laying up against with my head on my bag
and then you got to get low enough so
that the horizon in the background is
where I place gilroy vlogs you know i
mean it is so hard walking in the sand
with shoes I've sandy feet seven attacks
on its tariff really have a sad in your
shoes this is the worst meal is it I
think if you had like rocks in your
shoes then that would be worse you can
get rocked out but yeah you acted when
it gets between your toes yeah it's like
the warrior i shun especially if you
have sandals like you have sandals in
your feet are wet and then you come off
the beach sex blog ception bom bom this
is Elaine this is good this is what goes
on I'm showing Genesis Veronica's Mallik
project supers video every scene they're
good oh you gotta watch it it's so fun
my wife's the best love you bitch look
at this traffic
we don't get this interview bro bro bro
bro bro saver bro really from the
parking so crazy here is like a rat race
to get back this place first first first
week moving here you tickets you lookyou
this so on the first day parking tickets
so now we gotta walk we had to park way
back here on the other side of the block
and go all the way down this way yeah
and we're racing the light to look it's
gonna go down on us I shouldn't it a
just start what do you call it Eddie the
light called an hour baby we'll see you
guys up there livingly like Cramton hear
ya this thing is so sketchy look at the
gate video game hmm sideways pink
sideways oh my gosh at the third floor
outside door bounces so the bounce is
open so close firmly by hand my new the
hand hahaha by the true oh now I see
this holy crap
my back
that was awesome bro did it cuz he hit I
got a drone try to you up I'm standing
there just like with like your arms off
a high fly by you yeah ooh okay yeah you
did awesome dude Genesis is like he's
like Brahma still be felda good he just
telling stories that's that's all that's
all interviews about you're just telling
us the story you're hanging with your
dudes yeah and that was a good story
dude they will they will now we're gonna
get the drone yeah now it's time to fly
some drone will put some of this in the
vlog yah Rana 13 streak so we got this
warm coming in this was so hard to get
this done before that Sun went fully
away all we have leather band that's
beautiful is the view is I just wish we
had more years end it with a bang man
let's get you in that corner I go up
show some downtown LA then we might run
to the other side of the roof and get
some of that let's give them the most
beautiful sunset they've ever seen
squeeze it in their head yeah nice and
tight look at that dudes blast bro yep
next time i'm so glad that I got to meet
you your chill dude you did bro you got
the gladiators support I'm sure take
care of man I got to this is the bad
part about this walk this walk is
completely uphill the way here easy it
was all downhill but now it's uphill so
we got a bag of sandwiches we got
coffee's ready starts Dave some editing
we're gonna edit all day yeah yeah our
coffee in our sandwiches down it's time
to get to work well not on YouTube
comments we've got a bunch of editing to
get done we're going to try and smash
out this trailer today hopefully we can
finish it i think but we've gathered all
the footage that we need Ed's got a
bunch of footage from he's taken around
the world and stuff which we're going to
put in USC yes it's going to look so
cool and I think our rooftop interview
last night with Genesis was it was
beautiful as beautiful I think you guys
gonna love this stuff I really do so
look forward to it alright guys that's
all from us today thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow alright guys
that's all from us today thank you so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
