what is up guys good morning to you this
morning for me actually out today
helping my old man he need a he's busy
this time of year and I've got the free
time to help him so so that's what we're
doing and today today we're doing kind
of a high-profile how it would be very
rude of me to film here because these
are kinda I don't know they're very big
important people and correct we're
practically working in a mansion today
but seriously in the big big house very
big very big very wide very big oh yeah
yesterday I I went and did my on
location property film for a cabin
rental company and it turned out really
really well and I'm very excited very
very excited to be starting you know
making the steps to create that part of
my business the owner was very receptive
and very helpful she was super
appreciative and it's going to be
nothing but good I think things are not
really well and I think I'm lost
and just like that we're all done and
I'm eating nuts stuck in what could be
Columbus's worst congestion problem as
far as traffic literally the 270 270
merge especially right at five a block
is not the place to be ever never so bad
actually that cop started sitting up
here and waiting for people to do those
last-minute marriages skip the whole
line pull them over this guy's going to
try and get into watch I'm going to stop
look at you you dirty dirty man
yeah you don't like it there's a woman
driver too sometimes there are be more
crazier than the dudes the distance look
who wants
Applejack's there's my baby girl come on
let's go inside and hang out come on we
got to go relieve mama actually mama
helped me with the workday by getting
the kids off the bus which was huge help
and it started raining man we had some
good days so you know there was some
rain coming did you have fun yeah mama
mama thanks again mama was a big help
now this is a story all about how I came
home and fell asleep on the chair with
Elijah because I said thank you thank
you for my burrito good sir now yeah
these are the cheesy roll-up flies
updated too cheesy tacos were chicken
 say never you doesn't give us the
right day ever tell him tell him Carson
tell the Latins every time we go to the
drive-through daddy we always get plates
- nothing we want about family sometimes
sometimes I didn't get my papa's right
why guys like it's not like I I find it
difficult to not rant about stuff like
that but I used to work in the
restaurant business and it's so easy to
fulfill an order so on a notch motronic
chick burrito chick cheese roll up chick
chicken chick ah screw it I had this
whole thing planned for the vlog that I
was going to try
as a new chicken chips what they forgot
it so you don't just see me ranch
chicken chips they probably suck anyway
you have a crazy - what's your craziness
pretty cool
good that's it oh yeah oh yeah do you
think that inside okay whoa that is baby
Carson me Nessa
you see baby Carson yeah who is that
right here mm-hmm
was that Mommy and Daddy with baby
Carson yeah yeah mommy had a hard time
with babies Carson baby Carson was
rolling around inside mommy's belly
jumping rope with his umbilical cord
looky there looky there
no no that is who is that Mommy is a
mommy don't poopy and Liza don't poop
yet hey you came and got me it was like
it I gotta poop again so we're going to
break out a brand-new princess bought a
very excited
Oh set that there and that's where you
sit but you got to take your pants down
sir we can't fill this part all it in a
whack so I've been up all night working
on modifying the boys four-wheeler as
you know it's prime formula
four-wheelers you know four-wheeler sees
it and we gotta get this thing ready to
rock now aside from the carburetor you
know I thought I'd make a couple extra
adjustments you guys ready to see what
it is
behold the ultimate boy wheeler
okay is that not ridiculous or what now
this is where form meets function you
guys we've got a 15 inch tire on here on
the four-wheeler guys and we got them
white rims man this thing is hot could
you imagine rolling over some big old
Hills on I think obviously that's my
failed attempt at a troll but these rims
are sitting here I was like how crazy
would that look on the four-wheeler and
while that's it now I couldn't I
couldn't get this tire to fit to the
plastic there broke on that side Bob
those are big tires on a four-wheeler do
you like it yeah would you ride it yes
you would wouldn't you pretty sweet
right it is super possible that I could
put these tires on here just as a funny
thing like I could make some sort of
adapter to fit this bolt pattern to
these rims just to be goofy and listen
seriously it would never do this for
real and think it was cool but just for
comedy sake doesn't that look anything
doesn't matter for the day but but yeah
me and why's that we got to go up whoa
that's right we came in town for food
and money because we got someone showing
up today and I got to give all this so
this guy
for that that's right we're getting rid
of all the things I'm excited if I lived
here a dollar Boris I would who could be
right over there huh yeah we've been
talking about this for a little while
and that is getting one of these
dumpsters you're spider-man you're also
don't have your shoe size we needed to
get one of these so we can get rid of
bunch of stuff that's around here that
just doesn't need to be here anymore for
instance all of this old construction
material and boxes and styrofoam
treadmill I don't know we might find a
use for that before we throw it in there
all this old stuff that doesn't this is
nothing needs to go this old grill a ton
of stuff down here that just is
collecting dust look at all this junk we
just don't use we don't need it and of
course the pile that we started out here
and the garage that time forgot this
garage oh my gosh that thing especially
can you believe that thing is still here
just over the years you guys we have
accumulated a bunch of stuff that just
doesn't need to be here anymore
stuff that nobody plays with old clothes
that we have upstairs I mean there's so
many things here hot fire weather oh my
gosh not even not just a spider web but
there's also a hornet's nest being built
right there yeah but anyway a bunch of
stuff has just got to go and hopefully
it all fits inside this dumpster here
we'll soon find out oh here's a look at
this show so far I know you're thinking
you can see the yellow here but that's
okay because we're going to put we're
going to put something on here it's
going to make it look really cool this
is a probably an ongoing project that
might last a couple more days but yeah
this this shelf is going to be super
super cool and it's raining outside so I
can't really pull
out of here so yeah that's what we're
going to be up to this weekend is kind
of purging a lot of the things that we
don't need anymore well as always thank
you guys so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
next time
