what's up guys good morning yeah it's
digging through the fridge I want to
show you we're getting ready to head out
to go film today but I can't let another
day pass without I'm new one of those i
was editing yesterday and found the
footage was kinda if he went on till
thought well we got the quad this little
shoulder rack I think are we getting a
mobi yeah yeah Ronan mobi involve
something saw the smooth if I have to
I'm gonna get one of those little GoPro
to free access kindle wall art that's
pretty sick I did it all myself you did
all that just last night no yeah dude
when you were sleeping I came out here
we're not believe an old don't play
that's it we're gonna get some starbucks
we haven't eaten anything yes we're
gonna get some starbucks food
we're gonna go to samy's camera and get
my first gimbal for the GoPro my first
Kim post gamble died samy's camera one
of the best spots to get some gear
instead this so the second floor has
video stuff stairs or elevator lazy all
is the fourth floor well I can't read
alright so ring us up for this and this
what I refrain from that's what we need
okay the chief workable not part of the
gilroy fib did this place is like this
is like a toy store for people like us
except the toys here I'm most expensive
we got to look we got new gear we gotta
go ahead I'm gonna go get some film Oh
underwater housing is super sick look at
this slide here hold this
oh yeah peerless dude let's give it some
angle area ok I'm coming up gnarly mmm
we're just picking up our boy for this
skate shoot we got a new little piece of
gear what do you want company is this
Boing uh something something something
something pay you I think hey you take
this is a little GoPro 3-axis gimbal
pretty cool very film dude great film
that means yes ah alright so we just
showed up to pick up the boy Genesis yo
sup bro we're gonna film some awesome
stuff today yeah yeah yeah we're gonna
start with a little cool sequence of him
up in his bedroom rolling out of bed and
the first thing he does grab a
skateboard skate life right hey life you
hungie I can't Hollywood let's do it
yeah you know this is Genesis apartment
building it's like a little city
cause I usually come take all those
Instagram photos yo this is awesome here
this would be a six spot to shoot the
interviews to come up here in the
morning and just like have another drink
just relax and enjoy the view Hollywood
Hollywood return Genesis just brought us
to is this your home hard this is one of
my local parks that I come in practice
on the on the local day mmm I don't have
to work on not only part of the model
weekday I'm sorry let's come up you get
to go to practice a good place to just
hang out have a good time get warmed up
yeah good lovin da party I didn't know
Eddie can skate Eddie you can skate
brown really not like these guys
Oh Danny the camera we're good jeez
finito spot number one the skatepark
jenna says yeah you ready for the street
yeah so ready for the street man let's
go so so you warm up at the park I want
up and then you move to the street and
then movie too that's how you always do
it yeah yeah so you say your body's good
it's ready right on it's ready just
can't go to spa and just like try to
warm up there you broke off yeah for
sure it happens it happens happen to me
missing man listen I this is the rail
we're gonna try and hit up here nice
tell me can you guys hear the wind it's
pretty windy right now I wonder if this
thing's working it's not real okay he's
pulling out the drone time for that high
up stuff
look at that sunset
it's melted by we literally been filming
all day this poor dude I feel bad for
you brought a couple slabs but it was so
right they filming with you guys
definitely I forget dude I forget that
like you can't expect to just go out and
skate hit a spa and then nail it every
time Cal idea said it takes a long time
we got some good stuff to this sometimes
it just takes a lot longer and it's just
you got to just go for it and not I was
overthinking the tricks in which I
shouldn't have been doing that it was
mainly on the street history section I
was doing who's still rock solid bro
well we got some really good doing
Street Street stuff yeah mark stuff look
this is it all day I said all day
Society Katzenbach we're talking about
making in my hat where the bill says if
you can read this I'll be with you in a
minute
check this out mmm sweet potato fries
angus burger nice and hot what you guys
yeah I had to meg daddy got mac and
cheese enough with the naked French boy
do you know what the bomb no we're gonna
get it number one hungry we're all all
right all right we had some food Genesis
was fun bro yeah definitely okay not get
another day get this going yeah we'll
get the energy we did we didn't get the
interview tonight we took too long so
now let's start yeah well they're being
fat asses we'll see you tomorrow bro
definitely look Eddie Eddie's messing
around with the I don't know how to use
this thing he's using before we're
trying to get this handheld gimbal thing
work do so
that thing is literally amazing we'll go
ahead I want I want one that can we can
put like the gh4 on we saw one today but
I thought about I would just get this
one first it's so awesome I just walked
all the way down this huge giant hill
for this alone I got a craving for some
Pepsi well I also got some Doritos you
know I love Doritos and some coffee for
the morning it's not hot coffee but
still says coffee I just wanted to show
you real quick all the footage that we
got from yesterday look at all these
files the squirrel just keeps going and
going and going and go on its twenty
seven gigs of footage which really isn't
that bad but we shot a lot of stuff
yesterday and I'm trying we're gonna go
finish Genesis Genesis session today and
I want to finish up the beginning
sequence to show them how it all turns
out because he's kind of like you know
I've never done nothing like this before
so I think he's really gonna like it
matter of fact I know you're gonna like
it this is where I gotta leave you guys
today I got to get this editing done get
the vlog out before we hit the streets
to film again so thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see every
single one of you right back here
tomorrow
hey
