what's up guys welcome to Santa Monica
bring it with my boy keep going uh-huh
yes
good to see you Alex Mandel everyone's
excited you guys missed Alex was a
different camera this camera is awesome
really yes mine tell him tell him in his
comment section in his video today
awesome what happens when I turn mine on
watches oh no it doesn't really know I
have to do it manually every time that
sucks I'm hungry
alex is hungry we're gonna go get some
food let's roll
just like the empty coffee cup so is our
her breakfast my stomach you know we did
there we actually just got done talking
about the beach right the beach with the
girl with the girl with the the seashell
clamshell thingy
coconut coconut book on that I'm
starting off batter anybody
swingers fantastic as always Alex had
lunch I had breakfast because well last
night was a late night and I'd you a
still catching up how do you feel now I
feel much better yeah this thing I said
in Alex's blog he was walking me talking
about breakfast and I said the cure for
the hangover eggs bacon you know Rebecca
Alex is getting ready for him and Jackie
here hey Jackie and baby ABI look she's
so cute they're getting ready to shoot a
challenge video I'm gonna help I think
if you need it yes I can definitely help
you yeah and then I feel so bad like I
left early this morning to come over
here because everyone was still asleep
and I promised you guys I was gonna put
drone footage in the vlog and I'm still
trying to make it happen obviously if it
did you've already seen it but it's been
a nightmare
and left without it it was bad footage
you have baby footage
yes cue awesome baby eating tell you a
nice footage way better than drone don't
up and uh check out Alex's tripod this
is a man proto 504 nice fluid ball head
really nice sticks and now essentially
has a dolly a wheeled dolly
those are pretty handy especially on a
for Elijah's
chairs and stuff but regardless of me
bumping into everything you know this
and then a few so that you could you
know it's awesome for their challenge
they have a winner and a loser the loser
is going to be wearing that ridiculous
onesie what's the stakes for us it
doesn't matter who wins or loses it's
going to be hilarious either way Alexes
I call this editing yesterday's video
you should definitely have gone up by
now but I like I said earlier I left the
house without getting the drone footage
Eddie's gone to the wedding thankfully
he woke up gave himself enough time to
me transfer me the footage so I will be
able to have gotten that in the vlog
yesterday I feel like such a bonehead
look you guys just got finished and
you're editing this on your iPad
I actually just so you guys know I was
an actual editor for NBC I did that
professionally but as much as I used
like avid media composer or Final Cut
Pro or Premiere if you did get the job
done in a simple quick way that's just
super fast why not so I use a pinnacle
studio on mic
I bet and use this to import footage I'm
sweet to my iPad and it takes me like 15
20 minutes to do a blog rather than like
an hour like
like way like I do yeah no that's just
that's awesome orgy on here so I could
be on the guy who go to restaurant
upload my blog that's so sick dude yeah
you and Alex are getting ready to go
walk around Santa Monica blah first with
the wife hi honey
what you doing hi Carson hi Liza hi baby
girl
Alex hello mom says hi we just we just
wanted to check in we're getting ready
to go up to 3rd Street and hang out for
a little bit maybe get some food hi
Jackie
say hi to Jackie and Abbi who are you
she got shy Abby she got shy sure you
guys could be BFF yeah for real Alex
I've seen you been riding this thing and
I've seriously wanted to try it
we were you've allowed me try on this
this could be seriously funny yes yeah
what's the trick tell me you get on
write it no you make sure that your feet
all the way on either end hold onto this
or whatever to get on I'm holding on and
you don't have to hold on if you don't
want to if you've been doing this put
your other foot on here and then toes
down to your forward heels down you go
back right toe forward you're the left
place versa and then don't step off the
front step off the back or you will die
seriously if I don't survive this bronc
I love you
yeah they uh you're on watch a bunch of
budget you doing it yeah just now roll
that way
you go
does spit don't fall oh hey at least you
got still on your feet dude nothing
oh thanks dangerous yeah I'm good I
survived dude you're like yeah here
you're like a G on that thing dang
the LA traffic though I think there's a
fire places you think it was like
Saturday or something
look check it out we came in to check
some sunglasses because unfortunately I
lost
what do you think
they sell these here you are kidding me
s are like what's the difference between
polarized it says look at this thing so
look here
these are in the polarized one so these
are the regular ones well there's these
are polarized
that's pretty doe since you both said at
the same time as if he's stealing
content
do it this is great vlog footage for
anyone I like it we both at the same
time yeah
we literally both pulled our cameras
I never been here all right I'll take
you to the kitchen really quickly you're
going to take me to the kitchen pretty
serious can I have all that
thanks for the tour I bet I can eat a
whole bowl I could eat that whole bowl
yeah you met me free soda
oh my stakes are really high I do not
know which one to choose first
this is what the big CD yeah and this is
nice you drink it too chicken rigatoni
you want to do that wait to go peepee I
gotta pee real bad
I think it's frowned upon being in the
street in the city so he came to
Starbucks to use the bathroom
as you can see behind me everyone else
has to be to where we go Ali we go to
the alley look we found two of Alex's
number one fans what's up boys Oh a team
they show now 18 on gilroys blog what's
that that's what's up
I'm sorry I had to do that there you go
you're gonna have to lug around the
counter
oh she's spinning out dude it helped me
to not hold on anything you got it
do it every guest that comes over has to
ride that thing this is his friend Kimmy
and you're torturing her with that she's
actually doing really well I can't well
soon all right dude Eddie's on his way
okay I'm gonna get out of here dude he's
always fun hanging out with you I always
enjoy my time with mr. Mandela we should
wish them that hang out this week let's
do it for sure yeah I'm gonna call you
and you're gonna come help us okay okay
Erica I freaking miss you guys I miss
you so much I really did I've been well
how was the wedding it was in the woods
and you met Shaun White I saw your post
yeah Shaun White was there he's so
awesome but he is awesome Shaun Johnson
he wants to do a prank so you may see a
short video in your future nice butt hi
hi hi let's go somewhere let's go
we're back home and guess what we still
really late last night
yeah what is it it's midnight yeah so
where do you say we get some rest but
before we do you're gonna help me with a
little magic trick yeah ready yeah just
catch this okay
we think whoa that's cool it's daytime I
know it's hard to tell this look this is
why I haven't done any transitions
here's because Eddie's building much
like all the other places here in
California they're built three inches
beside each other so it's hard to tell
whether it's day or night
but it's daytime a time where you get
this day time some day getting outside
the bed yeah we're gonna try and fill
today and the rest of the days that
we're here I'm here with a lot of
filming lots and lots of filming so
today we're gonna go and try and get a
bunch of I want to do some aerial
footage I thought of a funny sequence
that we could do with the drone that we
might we might put in tomorrow's vlog I
think it'd be fun couple things to
mention I don't know if I said it again
but we are still I continued the tag
stir contest so if you want a chance to
win a gopro hero4 you go follow me on
texture once we reach 5,000 followers
I'll give away a gopro hero4 so that's
awesome and tomorrow we will have a vlog
from home so you can see Veronica and
Eliza and the boys so look forward to
that too but other than that I think
that's all I've got for you guys today
there's so much fun hanging out with
Alex I had a blast with that monster we
all want to get one of those things I
gotta have one I don't know where I'd
write it but I just want one all right
guys that's all from us in California
today thank you so much for watching I
can't wait to see you right back here
