told you guys it's time for some drone
footage check out this bad boy DJI
inspire right yeah it's a nice little
kid I like it a lot so Eddie's got a
buddy who's selling his Escalade and he
wants to take some photos so he's going
to get some aerial photos with this and
then I'm gonna go out and shoot some
shots with this guy so just a couple of
guys now doing what we love to do this
day right yeah look here's his car it
takes
yeah let me get it get it you can't see
him in that hit that's Taylor we got to
take pictures of his car he's also he
doesn't talk much I guess we're going to
the way way top of this this is
Hollywood know yeah sunset West
Hollywood it's not the father median
giraffe giraffe different we're gonna
have to take an Instagram better with
that dude right yeah chill chill hey
Eddie it's okay it's just a draft I love
them I knew you enjoy the likeness but I
look more like a giraffe in that thing
look I don't know it's gonna be super
windy for the audio up here I haven't
put on that windscreen yet so that man
is a dress Eddie Santa Eddie snapping
I'm snapping you I don't blame you this
happened you guys chea we got some
boring boring photography shot him but
now it's time for the good stuff yeah
the flyer this is this is Eddie's birdie
calls its mother
my sister harness my suspender didn't
use these a lot at first there was
self-conscious about looking funny but
now not a lot easier feel more looking
at we're like a pilot
so what do you think about that that's
good flying Eddie yeah it just saw they
just saw your beautiful Hollywood Hills
footage and whether they see it they
just saw it this Oh awesome yeah it was
super fun super windy little risky but
we did good yeah but the view is worth
it this is I've never been this high up
on Hollywood Hills before so the
perspective is definitely one that you
don't typically see that's pretty
there's a guy gonna jump off this
billboard honey he's gonna jump
oh no it's the Billboard is it it's the
billboard
alright so we had to come back and get
Erica where Erica I first want to start
by saying I'm really sorry and rudely
didn't like introduce you yesterday so
officially this is Erica guys now that
that's all the way this is lunch burger
lounge Ibaka lounge it alone ooh the
streak is over that's it yeah but I want
to healthy stuff well I'm sorry with
turkey oh we're gonna scratch turkey
burger oh you're gonna deter grrrrrr I'm
gonna do tiger tiger terberg and look at
that old Mercedes it's nice time to eat
I'm honestly starving I haven't eaten
anything since starbucks this morning I
only had like a fruit cup and a granola
bar something
the lounge dongs
craig poem for this seriously much good
I know I said we're going to eat
healthier and stuff
sometimes you got to break the rules for
magic like that right
yeah your new good job we got a fecal
affair for me I'm like nah I'll take
french fries so good i'm jealous they
are good i can have some yogurt ago so i
thought now while we're sitting here we
take them
to learn a little bit more I wanted to
give you guys a little bit more about
any flashes Eddie and what he does and
where he came from and how did we hook
up the long story short of our
introduction was when I was in town
filming for the movie I met Eddie Eddie
got us into a pretty sick concert yeah
and ever since then I just kept in touch
with them yep and the last night I was
the last night I was in
long we were hanging out I told him
about this idea for a channel that I had
and he literally turned in his seat in
the car I was like dude I've always
wanted to do something very similar when
you tried it once I did it more of like
a cave in grand style but it was all
about you know really special people
forever run what they love and featuring
them and I tried to do that too close I
was younger when I did
I think the YouTube channel is perfect
and we're going to kick some booty butt
with it yeah yeah so over the past been
like we've been contact telling each
other what our artis are and finally it
boiled down to me come to LA and I was
pulled trigger on me yeah and it
couldn't be it couldn't be a better time
I don't think yeah
all the stuff we've met there's so much
talent out there we just want to show
the world get all these people that may
or may not be able to get covers on
their own so ruina be on the hunt for
you we out to people out there in the
world for sure and though could be
anything you could be could be a
juggling prettiest Keysha winter a
certified yoga version you could build
something whatever whatever special or
unique about someone you know your life
for you you know we're here to feature
that make really cool videos
I think one of my like big things that
you guys have seen me do a lot of
difference by my throne and operating
this little kimble things and stabilize
the camera so you've accessed a lot of
tools here I'm going to be doing it to
bring you guys good videos with other
cool piece so yeah so passion the shared
passion side first of all we're gonna
make it easy for you to get in contact
with us we're going to be developing a
website to send you guys to where you
can watch the trailer that we make and
find out how to get us the info we need
to get you on ledges boss it's going to
be very very easy yeah I think that's
about all I need without on the website
you know and get that going and once
that's bill you'll know immediately yeah
and you'll be able to pop on there and
you know submit I guess
horn oh yeah it's gonna be for either
you or your brand or whoever that person
is that attempted to be featured so
that's right on the lookout that's it
there's one thing's for sure it's going
to be legendary
very awesome awesome look at this video
we're back to health after bad dog does
into taking one of those another do
shots right this apply this place right
beside the burger come on it's all water
like all this stuff it's just different
waters with different pH balances
pretty crazy let's go for it where are
we going we were doing going to some
type of office building in culver city
that has an oversized nine stairs so
when i say nine stare at eat people that
don't scape would are unfamiliar that's
not a better girls yeah yeah they're
better than any better no so this is an
oversized nine stairs probably about the
equivalent of a 15 s there because each
stairs about you know almost double one
and a half times the other one and the
we're gonna go film a trick with a
professional skater named kirby so we're
gonna go watch him jump down these steps
film it with the drone and the gh4 and
yeah good stand what's more exciting is
these the inspire specifically you can
operate the drone his controller can
operate the actual drone and my
controller will control the camera yes
which is really awesome this will be my
first copilot experience
and there's even more good news if he
does land this trick which we are going
to go ahead and assume that he will then
this trick will be used in a very big
movie that's coming oh nice chase will
get his official drone credit on his
IMDb heist works out so let's see what
happens all right news log I haven't
broke I welcome my intraday welcome to
the vlogs brother listen we're in Culver
City on top of this scenic view and
we're about to pull a massive massive
stunt you pumped yeah you seem extra
pump too yeah what's good bruh soon love
rolling boil a chase that's me dude
what's happened what's up dude chase ok
so it's me man chase what's up very nice
nice to meet you i do EG so this is it
right you up ranking yeah oh yeah he's
gonna he's got a couple attempts so far
and it's gonna swap battery because
after it reaches twenty percent it
starts beeping you got this dude sure
you got this oh yeah everyone's watching
shell we got it
maybe cream
oh yeah you can see he gets it nice job
dude so we just filmed and look at this
sunset just look at that this is from
Culver City Road yes / city some pillow
middle of nowhere with the boys with the
boss who did it with the boys he's
awesome this is my boy Jamie
Jin was our son
you
we had a couple drinks last night and
they're still asleep I'm going to hang
out with a buddy today yeah wha how are
you so before I get in here I gotta
confess you guys it I promise you drone
footage and I just left Eddie's house
without it so I'm hoping I can get that
for he goes to his wedding we'll see so
if today's vlog doesn't have the drone
footage in it I'll just carry it over
into Torah all right guys I think this
is where we're gonna leave you for today
you may or may not recognize this
elevator I'm sure you do but I've got a
video make with that being said I
suppose own to see all of you right back
here is the mood
for those who
Oh
