good morning everybody would you believe
we woke up so early today that before
noon we went to Runyon Canyon is called
did to my hike and then win had
breakfast super bomb breakfast you saw
yesterday's vlog well the course of the
events for this week is to number one
nail down a trailer for the legends of
awesome channel and then get a bunch of
footage that we can use to make the
trailer better check it out this is my
accommodations for the week nice big
fluffy air mattress pretty dope I'll
check this out you no gills gotta have
his coffee I brought some with me
unfortunately Eddie does not have a
coffee maker so I need to figure out how
to MacGyver some coffee in the morning
Eddie's back where we going Beverly
Center I gotta get me some linen pants
for my we gonna go shopping we got a
shopping boy oh let's go shopping
all this for some pants yeah just all
for some women pay Eddie said we can't
forget the elevator so we got am a
tourist directory hold on a second
that's a real map yes it is we are going
to final words that you are here we need
to see that you are here if you are late
we don't know where we are you know
great that's what we came for we found
the hands yes cells pajamas pajamas well
my friends beat you wedding oh you're
gonna wear this for the wedding yet has
a wedding to attend on saturday yes and
i have it was it a family member my
buddy Johnny Rowlands gonna be really
fun it's like at a beach Malibu so
you're going joggers and what else for
the top oh I have to have it here right
there that one the blue one oh good that
one like that
where'd this guy with the map so we're
just trying to find a
so that was the Beverly Center pretty
quick trip place is huge good you into
that giant store for just one pair pants
yes and limit by V linen bag they look
good on you will have to see what they
look like god I don't want to know it's
taken us to eat again feel like it
hasn't even been that long yeah we're
contemplating or throwing back and forth
this idea of whether or not we should
do runyon canyon every day this week and
eat healthy not like Reese's
cheeseburgers and fries and stuff but
that juice juice stuff you gave me this
morning shots but I've been traveling a
lot of time and eating like a fatty
fatty so I'm trying to like you know get
a little bit better gone so I think we
should do the challenge well I maybe I
need the complete opposite well you eat
a ton of like mother like so you can
gain good way and I'll lose badly we
still more work but this isn't solid
we're still making the decision this is
pretty cool I was waiting for the first
restaurant I'd see have iPads as their
menu system it's pretty sweet
for food today kabobs right annex but
what is this on yours that how do you
call that what is it on quinoa quinoa
it's like a Reich you yeah it's like the
right we got roasted tomatoes somebody
could so we had food good we got Eddie's
pants weird but still cool now now we
plot today is a day of figuring things
out what we're gonna do how we're gonna
do it and what time frame we're gonna do
it in what factors it should be turned
around pretty quickly I think you guys
will be impressed so we're gonna sit
down chat for a bit hi enough's enough
we need some what sword we need some
when you three petals something other
than work now I think it's time for some
play you want to have a drink I would
like that adjustable a wash and they'd
have three drinks is a weekday she wants
to get hurt I don't work till four do my
awesome all right let's go did my beer
got a bit dark black is awesome dude
it's a good place it's mellow like it's
a lot of pro skater this is twice twice
I've been to black now and black has
been good to me both times it has it has
entered me two and five
so Eddie's still asleep like 930 I gotta
have coffee on Starbucks thankfully
starbucks is only a short walk from
where Eddie lives which is really nice
and we didn't really get to do anything
yesterday as far as flying the drones so
thumbs up today's video if you want to
see some drone footage in the blog I
think you guys would be really pumped to
see that so walk to starbucks already
got my energy up for the day Eddie's
finally away good I'm gonna try and get
this vlog up earlier for you guys I know
now that i'm on west coast time
yesterday's vlog probably went up a
little late so i do apologize but hey I
promised them we're gonna put some drone
footage in tomorrow's video so they're
gonna thumbs up for that damn jump jump
alright guys that's all I got for a
two-day listen thanks so much for
watching and coming with us to
California we're gonna have a blast rest
this week don't you miss out and we'll
see all you right back here tomorrow
