this is bad news guys not good look at
all these people in line turns out
united has had a huge computer
malfunction
and all of their flights nationwide have
been grounded soon some of these people
in line have been here for hours I'm
here the news showed up to cover it so
we made it through ticketing it was
probably hmm 45 minutes we're gonna go
from one nightmare to another take a
look at security well if your line
huh let's go to LA boys
decided to get myself some food turns
out the weights going to be about 2
hours and 15 minutes
so I found out this morning that along
with United's delays their computer
system crashed u Nork stock seen the new
york stock exchange also crashed
2500 people in Washington DC
mysteriously lost power what the heck is
going grab your belongings and your
boarding passes and go back to the game
lobby you'll be more comfortable there
anyway and as soon as we have an update
on a required time to fix will be paid a
long 20 I you as well repair so again
just please I gather your belongings
everyone's got a gal to blame so instead
of just sitting and waiting I think it's
time we have a drink united's made me
stressed out today
come on getting ready to board at this
time everyone's cheering you better find
customer
holden la guys
there's that traffic so this is the part
of the blog that you most likely been
waiting for
the actual travel portion of it barium
there
but my buddy my partner
our ride is here it's black it's big and
it's it Santa boy oh yeah dude get me
out here this is crazy you guys remember
Eddie you've probably seen him a lot
lately in jena and jess's blogs you
spend some time with the shore boy
people yeah yeah these guys dude I'm
hungry I'm thirsty and
oh dude six hours seven hours eight
hours something like that all day yeah
super fun
we just climbed up all of that all the
way from down there to up their way up
and around this tells me that I'm so bad
out of shape so bad out of shape what do
you ever get breakfast how about some
food yeah juice Sean yeah yeah GD
shopping
lemon and Aaron Cayenne little spicy
it's pretty good u.s. Coast people who
probably wants to do for you heads about
to break my diet which may be a good
thing
alright these are them right it goes a
little delicious shot cheers to you may
may get it
ok
yeah look at this
almost I'm gonna be honest that looks
incredible this is the crunchy french
toast Eddie suggests
I can't say I regret it around a little
bit pounds
yeah we have the fruit instead of the
good for you yo Eddie that was probably
the best breakfast crunchy french toast
something I never thought would be so
good okay all of it so cold yes so now
we're gonna go back to Eddie's house
edit talk about some things we'll get
more into like some of the background of
Eddie himself so you guys know more
about him and why it's so awesome that
we're doing this together that was my a
IM screen name I really first email ed
himself AOL so heady himself this week
is coming out you guys will get to know
me yeah yeah so we made it to la had a
good breakfast two mile walk we've got
some cool shots overlooking the city of
La it's gonna be a great week we'll see
all of you guys right back here tomorrow
you
