Collins crazy about the score Whelan now
he's all about ready you went to sleep
dreaming about this boy while I didn't
you keys in it I'm gonna help you back
up oh oh you need your goggles right on
hey he's fearless huh you gonna ride
today yeah yeah okay Carson wants a turn
good Colin standing up
well riding your awesome dude you're
getting it gonna be so cool when you get
so much better but you better hurry
cause it's about to start stormy hey
wait a sec let me get the kill switch I
don't trust this one what did I just do
Colin what did I just do tell everyone
do we really really fast what do you say
that's right I'm Chuck Norris
I don't do push-ups I'll push the ground
down oh you got some pictures yeah let's
see you go back to that zoom in of my
face Oh guys hold still later then we
need to do a pic stitch and send it to
me so I can put it on Instagram yeah
that's funny
cool ah well that went crap real quick
sucks the day before I go the weather's
gonna turn to garbage but that's okay we
can still have fun stuff to do inside
with kid advantage what are we playing
dude Legos
yeah maybe this dinosaur yeah I beat him
now we have to put him in a cage you
beat him yeah show me how chutes show me
if you shoot your camera all right let's
see what happens
oh Sh Wigan Irish that's what we're
doing we're all just chilling in the
living room playing baby Eliza huh cuz
you're so much fun oh and stop and stop
deny that she's so cute and I know a lot
of people vast like what are we doing
shaving her head no we don't shave her
head she just hasn't grown in the area
yes yes that's a little there's a little
bit a little bit of air you turn the
money I could do good they got me
looking at Legoland
can you believe for August mid like the
first week of August to stay one night
in the Legoland hotel and tickets was
that for all of us
yes 886 doll hairs no we're gonna have
to kill a lot of Barbies to get that one
what is this you made we've never had
this free cheese tortellini with four
cheese Alfredo in
some drug tomato and basil right now
packing it up you know you got to have
shorts you're going to sunny California
but you also need warm clothes because
at nighttime it's definitely definitely
chilly and this week it looks like Ohio
is going to be warmer than California
everything's packed I feel like I'm
forgetting something now they need here
you are sorry we gotta go we gotta go
honey let's go hurry Liza my dad's got a
plane to catch baby girl oh I love you I
love you be good okay okay you kiss
maybe lies
he's dropping off lovely Purim mm-hmm be
good boy okay
make sure you put real clothes on when
you get home
and you
alright guys I'm off to LA wish me luck
that's all I got for you on today's vlog
you'll see all of you right back here
tomorrow
