check it out guys we brought Colin to
the Honda store to hook him up with some
goggles I wanted proof geez let me see
mister hey mmm
that's right hard right there do you
still have the riser for this nope
it's been disappeared lost the columns
getting serious and riding the spoiler
so I had to make sure he's got the right
protection gloves goggles and Forces
helmet yeah you definitely need to
adjust them come on girls we'll see them
in the X Games as long as he's not doing
the flips no that's how you get in the X
Games yeah then I saw so what'd you get
dude oh my god
gloves no helmet no goggles got your
phone nice okay thank you
pretty sweet huh yeah and a chest plate
and chest plate on order I hear ya yeah
hey man poster boy I come in here
Collins getting serious about riding
this thing daddy needs to get a qua
house yeah I'm gonna take a look at them
I'm seriously seriously considering
getting a plot because Collins gotta
have someone to ride with him I mean
right yeah
you can't just ride by yourself well you
have to get a slow quad because slow
quad what are you talking about well I
have to be riding right beside me I
don't know about that I need a fast quad
so I can get those jumps
I have a flashcards you're gonna ride
you four-wheeler when we get along I
think we can handle that we might need
to get some more gas but can't go
straight home because mommy wants to get
more nipples for the baby
do that right now she's not a good
she said yogurt we just stop by the
store get some food
check it out I got the good stuff Kiwis
blueberries cherries cauliflower
asparagus
we got salad stuff salami
not sure why daddy's favorite ice cream
in the whole wide world it's so much a
tree when you bring all your hits to the
grocery store especially once you get to
the checkout lane because they see all
this cool stuff you can D they boys do
not who's that baby girl who's that baby
here so we're back home grocery
shoppings done all that stuff's out of
the way had to stock up so that when I
leave she doesn't really have to go to
the grocery store which will be nice and
since Collin got some fresh new gear I
don't put him on the four-wheeler and
get some more practice all right dude
this is your debut ride with your new
helmet and goggles and gloves pull it
out what are you waiting for
it does he really dude this is actually
uh this was Nana's present to call him
for his birthday pretty awesome right I
mean look at this new helmet that's
pretty sweet what's good on you too I'll
get that off let me cut that with a
knife we're gonna put a GoPro on him you
ready for a GoPro yeah
come here get suited we got to put the
chesty on him oh my goodness there we go
all right you're rolling you ready
rip it dude
you ready to ride the four-wheeler Liza
yeah yeah
are you very right before I really get
the camera
what are you doing let show me what you
got
nice tumble show me back clip yeah what
are you doing you're cooking dinner
we're at Oh
oh look at that slide what you got
cooking good looking I always wanted to
say that I only have two hands open this
for me let me see in there no seasoning
mom did you salt and pepper it so
impaired I got barbecue sauce Oh
barbecue what are you doing there's our
finished product
look everyone else is halfway done
already
Nana's done I had to feed the baby
that's all right are you begging above
looking in slobber it's just sitting
there looking at me like
mommy's force-feeding haulin his greens
yep with a ones off to get it to go down
come on it's it's not Evan sub Evan it's
Evan from Evan to Beach beep so I'm
going to bed
tent or buy something don't know forgot
but it's time to go to bed you're doing
great
thumbs up yeah yeah : starting his own
vlog remember we found that old camera
that I got you a long long time ago
here's him yeah he's been holding it out
and talking to it everything home so
judges blister don't do that you don't
do that don't do that you can't do that
didn't say goodnight honey catch oh
sorry I just wanted to get today switch
around what the heck you got it all
sweaty
oh yeah it's kind of wet oh my gosh here
goes there we oh look at that
okay okay all right cool cool transition
guess what we have to do today
look at this guy yeah yeah you you need
a bath fluffy has somehow gotten fleas
again so we found a couple fleas on his
like nose area eyebrow area and we can't
have that especially with baby Eliza now
started to be on the floor more like
tummy times and we're teaching her
crawls and stuff so fluffy needs a bath
okay fluffy it is time oh man this is
gonna be really dangerous here kid oh I
know I'm actually really nervous it's
funny - man - Andy over top of us
appalls okay oh my gosh you got it I
hope you got him cuz I'm hands-free
that's poor kitty
it's okay fluffy oh boy a wet rat come
here he's so mad at you right now
hmm
let me Buffy see you're okay and we
didn't hurt you guess that confirms the
theory that cats hate water yeah they
hate water yeah he's he's like
traumatized this poor guy he's worse off
than I thought - please my goodness yeah
where'd you get fleas fluffy you don't
go outside
Veronica's method for containing the
fleas is hot hot hot water and Dawn dish
soap so she'll come home with this
special flea comb and get them off and
then put the fleas in the eggs and stuff
inside that that water poor fluffy
will fix you up buddy look better
nothing was bad
that poor hat look it's in this bucket
look at all those fleas I hope that's
all on whoa that's a lot of please yeah
for real crazy oh he's done he's done
with you
well that was an exciting conclusion
today's vlog I tell you I got some stuff
to get ready I got a pack I got a edit
video and I want to spend some good
quality time with the kids before I have
to leave tomorrow so that's all I got
for you today time to set this camera
down thank you guys so much for watching
I can't wait to see right back here
tomorrow
