what's up guys starting the day again
back in the car it's a shakey shakey
we're going on a little trip we need to
make a replacement I'll tell you more
about it when I switch cameras but
basically this camera the Sony camera I
love it I love the quality the 60 frames
is awesome I've never been real happy
about the audio and there's this other
problem with the door and the memory
card which again I'll show you when I
switch cameras yep Best Buy
you know already guess where I'm going
with this
time for switcheroo all right here's the
wrap of all these cameras here they
don't have the s120 which is my
preferred next version
it's been highly recommended and I
thought that would be the best one
however they don't have it the next best
one would be this 6/10 which I'm not
really crazy about cuz it doesn't have
60 frames but this little guy actually
does have 60 frames Amy what if I got
this guy tried it for a day right and I
don't like it
what do you promise me
I think what Amy just said was why don't
you take this one home and try it out
and then if it doesn't work we'll get a
different let's try that one short story
why I had to get a new camera the
shutter I don't know what you call it
the blades that cover the camera when
you close it
they keep sticking open the door on the
bottom keeps getting stuck in my pockets
and peeling open which is a horrible
design decision and the memory card that
you stick inside keeps popping out so
the clip in yesterday's video when I
left my buddy Scotty's you saw the text
there that's because the memory card
popped out while I was recording it so I
lost the clip and we're gonna go with a
smaller even smaller version of the Sony
camera look it's like this features all
the special stuff it doesn't matter I
look at the tech specs this shoots 1080
video at 60 frames per second we'll see
what happens next clip will be from this
camera does it sound any different be
honest
nothing's happening
all right so we're just gonna head back
home and roll with this camera for the
rest of the day and probably tomorrow
morning
and once I get to editing we'll figure
out let's crank it out of course once I
get to editing we'll figure out if this
camera is good enough to stay with us
can you tell
oh it camera looks smaller it is smaller
here's my thing it's not the size of the
camera the counts yeah that's what you
do with it ha ha it's my piece I knew
that would come up I knew it
I'm gonna be honest you guys I kind of
had to check out for the rest of the day
yesterday a job fell in my lap that I
had to take and it took me most of the
evening to finish it so by the time I
was done it was like 10 o'clock at night
and I just was like man but I had to do
it I hope you understand I had to get
that job done because it only helps
finance the special announcement that
I'll give to you later in this one
thank you I just got my package guess
what's in this box let me show you I
present to you my new video doorbell
apparently this thing streams up to 720
HD video right to my smartphone alright
let's open this thing
so why a video doorbell well for me it's
easy I love little cool tech toys like
this and our front door doesn't have one
of those people so if someone's knocking
on the door we have no idea who it is
let's say we go install it this is my
doorbell very plain very boring there's
there's no comparison
I'd rather have this one so let's take
this old one off apparently this thing
can be run completely on battery
powering it has a USB port in the back
to charge it but I have power right here
so you can't hook it up you just plug
these two wires is this but we need to
mount this first and unfortunately this
door casing is not completely flat so
I'm going to need some cool
very good next step is to mount this
bracket on the doorframe I went ahead
and pre-drilled some holes just to make
it easier everything you need came in
this little box
we've got caulk to put in the hole which
is super cool the last step is mounting
this on the plate
there's a special screws on the bottom
that you can only use with this bit that
they give you in the pit to make sure
that no one walks off with it
all right let's test this thing out
Carson do me a favor bill ring the
doorbell check it up hello yeah who's at
my house who is this
can you hear me that's awesome dude how
cool is that
that is so cool I heard it it rings on
my phone yeah what I like about this
most is that if I'm away from home I
order a lot of stuff from Amazon and
whatnot so I'm always afraid like hailey
post-it notes on the door what if I miss
him you usually it's a piece of gear
that I need for shooting and if I miss
the delivery guy then it causes delays
delays cost money so he could just ring
the doorbell and I could talk to him
it's a direct line to my cell phone
which is awesome and there's also the
fact of added security if I'm away from
home
this thing has motion detection so if
anything moves out here I get a
notification on my phone which is super
awesome if you're interested in getting
one of these ring doorbells for yourself
there is a special promo code for 20
bucks off in the description enjoy it
blows my mind how some people are like I
I go up there a guy's coming out of the
door I open the door and hold it for him
and he just walks past me and doesn't
even doesn't even look at me I don't
know I hate that I hate that if
someone's kind enough to open the door
and hold it for you the least you can do
is give them a nod and acknowledge their
generosity or you can say thank you my
next order of business is going to get a
haircut I know some of you think that I
get more haircuts than any one person
should ever get but I like to keep it
tight you know I feel like this is too
long up here this could probably go a
little longer but this is too long all
right what do you think nice and short
just how I like it I didn't put any
product or I didn't have her put any
product in there because they don't have
what I use all right so one more stop
before I head back to the house if her
hungary's was about lunchtime so I gotta
go pay rent I mean not rent mortgage
because I own that piece
kill Soviet alright so I just got home
and it looks like Colin wants to rip and
ride you get some more four-wheeler time
in Nice yes to get out of this
you don't need lights you don't need
lights nice and slow
all right he's gonna be riding some
four-wheeler we're going to go ahead and
call it a day I got some things to tie
up but wait you're waiting for a special
announcement
aren't you let's get it to you so the
special announcement for a long time now
I've been talking about my upcoming
channel legends of awesome and I'm
pleased and excited to announce that
this week I fly to LA to introduce my
partner for the channel and start the
actual filming process a lot of more
details to come I'm going to need a lot
of your help
over the next week to get this channel
up and going and as soon as I get to LA
you will meet my partner for the channel
who do you think it is who could it be I
know you'll be excited to see him what
you do and I can't wait to get this
thing started so with that being said
I'll bid you adieu for today I have a
lot of things to get done so thank you
guys so much for watching give Gil a big
fat thumbs up if you're excited for
legends of Awesome and we'll see all of
you right back here tomorrow
