all right guys so as I mentioned in
yesterday's video today is Veronica's
mom's birthday celebration we're also
having fireworks tonight and I wanted to
do something special for and make her a
really cool picture for her birthday so
we're gonna go get some supplies from
the firework store and figure out really
quick how to do some light painting
photos I pretty much guarantee you this
place is gonna be packed yeah I knew it
so there's a huge line out front I'll
bet this will take a long time serious
business patrolling here
and a little bit of headache it wasn't
that bad
but we got some fireworks alright
where's the party
you guys got way more than I did I'll
get the booze and the steaks you got the
entertainment have fun hey they got some
fire
murka Hey ladies did you see what I got
yeah did you yeah oh I showed you I put
up a sweet Instagram photo of all the
gnarly fireworks I got there really look
they're low-key fireworks but the kids
are gonna love it are you drinking is
there alcohol in there no it's juice I
need to see your license and
registration
I'm just kidding Brittany came to do
face painting show us what you got
Carson you're looking a little pale dude
are you feeling okay all right on you
look so scary dude just like no not like
that just regular
looks good dude you look crazy what is
this character um oh yeah that's pretty
good
damn Brittany's been practicing yeah
it's only her 21st birthday come back
home to get the camera cuz we're gonna
test out this whole light painting deal
I wonder if it's gonna turn out I've
never really done one of these before
I've never tried it
so done my research
pretty sure I think I already know how
to do it but we're gonna give it a good
shot
let's get everyone's attention
you hear that yeah I got some fireworks
you wanna you want to blow some stuff up
I know it's awesome man you guys it's
gonna get dark real quick I don't know
how much we can film with this but we're
starting light with these little snakes
you've seen these before there it goes
what the other ones we might need
another lighter flat down it goes one
quick look the other one too
I have to huddle by this light because
once I go down in front of the yard you
won't be able to see me well we're gonna
light off these lanterns and stuff I
don't know how dark it's gonna be so
that's what I'm telling you now we tried
to send all three of them at the same
time
Nana's Nana's took off early departure
that's awesome and the fireworks just
started there it is the finale it was
over before it started
the sky's on fire
they always finish with that
slime on our fingers Broncos got slugs
owner on there they're sucking your
blood right now you know that these are
actually those are actually leeches all
right we're gonna shoot off this what is
it called mount killer Hayes eruption it
just shoots sparks up let's see
oh that's cute
yeah here we go yeah yeah was that so
awesome dude
yeah yeah yeah did you have a fantastic
birthday party well it was full of
drinks good food fireworks yummy cake
good people well I know it's tomorrow
but birthday
yeah birthday all right then have a
fantastic evening we're gonna get this
one in bed so join watch it under it
with the hands from it
oh my god keep going keep going
I think I'm addicted look I just got out
of the shower and it's that moment that
moment we're in you don't have any clean
clothes so you have to wait in your
towel until the laundry's done yeah
awesome eggs alright guys I hope
everyone has a happy and safe 4th of
July for everyone out there here doesn't
know it fourth of July is which I'm sure
you do by now and see celebration of
America's independence that's why we
light off fireworks and give thanks to
those who serve our country
yeah all right guys thanks so much for
watching I can't wait to see you all
right back here tomorrow
