what what's happening guys welcome to
the vlog today today we're doing the
shelf that's right we're trying to fix
this shelf up so we can actually put it
in the office and make good use of it
but there's so many little things that
he'd be done like this I don't even know
what this is it's like a like a silicone
or I don't some kind of rubber and then
there's all kinds of like I've already
peeled some of these off but there's all
these like tags like sticker things
stuck to it on all the shelf but here's
my idea check this out
I went and got a bunch of spray-paint
right I figured we'll take a nice matte
black and do the outside or the inside
of it so all the shelves and all the
inside of the shelf matte black and then
on the outside we'll take this which
looks pretty cool like that's what it
should look like it's cold hammered cool
little texture oh yeah we got a prep it
before we can paint it so it looks good
we don't want to look stupid in Caleb's
healthy we thank you
probably should've went ahead with the
power tools first oh that's not good
what it mean ha oh yeah anyway yeah
there you go try that on for size
sim plug the dredge will grow
and there's lies uh-oh what you got
there you want some chippies what you
got there oh there's a spoon you and
your spoons yep that's right the kids
are here
we got calling in the house eating chips
as well how was school dude it's your
last week of school how excited are you
I don't know your friend yeah he
actually did magic my little magic trick
really can you show us well I don't have
to get other things to do it oh did you
learn a magic trick Carson no flies are
your hair Veronica hi honey
Burke yeah good to have you home right
around dinnertime ready for some food
yeah what are you cooking yeah well
guess what I had steak bottom when we
went to the guy with the grocery last
week they're not good anymore when
they're brown snow pony that means
they're not good right thank you
guessing are you jumping look at your
hair don't like Caleb we know about
scraping you got me look woody bit yeah
run good learning free when you're
spray-painting you have to do even
stroke six to eight inches away six to
eight inch not 68 six to eight inches
away from your surface so you want
and that's why I got a new multiple
coats you see that's your first tailor
it's like a dusty but if you got a PE
but you're still taking scraping and bam
it makes like a handle they flip onto a
spring clean bottle to put some triggers
so you're going to just hang with the
bottle and trigger it okay since you
can't have that
since the fakes were bad I am in you're
struggling to find something else for
dinner well we got full let's see we've
got eggs we've got nice it with some
blueberries you know some blueberries
the needy
you want some yeah okay let's get Eliza
some blueberries because she's becoming
quite cranky anger lovey
you're welcome lined up okay we actually
get like farm-fresh eggs now the farm
over we're ninjas
she's got chickens and I helped her out
and she has lots of eggs so we get
farm-fresh eggs the eggs last longer if
you don't wash them immediately so I
usually just bring them home and then as
I am using them I wash them so I have a
sink full of things hey boys time for
dinner so I I screwed myself on editing
that today because now starting to get
dark and the sun's gone so it's gotten
really chilly but Irina happy so I got
some more paint and check this out I'm
sure
you ever seen one of these before that
right there look at that two finger
trigger minimizes fatigue definitely was
experiencing fatigue I'm gonna get you I
just got to close up sighs my favorite
thing to do man is just coming here I've
been working on stuff outside doing
things trying to make stuff happen
come inside and just playing with my boy
and my baby girl say hi like uh waves
they wave shake your mullet won't fight
okay all right one fight thanks it woman
foot Oh what else can you do twirl it
you got twirl twirl twirl twirl yeah oh
you're pushing my ears oh look you're
selling my ears look like that look at
daddy ears you see him picking out we'll
go find her oh look at that sunset Liza
oh it's pretty I think you like the
sunset yeah look we almost got our thing
painted but we a ran out of paint and B
ran out of sunlight I have some rolls of
carpet left just like the carpet in the
office right and there's just enough
that carpet and lay it on the shelf and
then I'll take some corner trim it's
like a 90 degree and finish the front
the shelf with some black penis would
corner trim and then put LED lights
along the top where you can't see it so
the light shines down on each shelf it's
going to look pretty cool but obviously
we can't do it all in today's video yeah
I mean - easily Oh bought a new shelf
but this one needed to be redone and
it's going to be fully custom so like
it's going to be 10 times better than
one your boxes store online yeah I love
you like me and by the time you're
watching this video I will be on set
filming a property which is one of the
kind of branches that I wanted to put
into my new business so we've got
properties car music and we'll see some
more of that hopefully that's Friday
it's gonna be so cool you know it's like
I found a lot of enjoyment out of
figuring out how to overcome the
situation so right the YouTube ad
boycott it we took a hit with it and
instead of like complaining on YouTube
and all that stuff you just roll with
the punches you know what I mean you had
two options you can either complain
about all the things that are going
wrong in your life or you can do
something about it that's what I'm doing
maybe now let me spin it hold it still
we're going to try and see if we can
make the fidgets spinner spin we're
going to put it on random thing
I'm gonna try and make it spin on the
top of the ruler Oh
one two three four five I know the liver
well that's all for those all good oh
cars on Nickerson jump on the love bag
we would have had it forgiveness oh
let's tough
ah regular pencil on the eraser oh no
that doesn't have any eraser what do you
do eat it we need a pencil with an
eraser on it one two three four five oh
yeah whoa
good job Carson okay so far we balanced
a fidget spinner on a ruler not the
course alia corn okay now we're gonna
try and balance it on a pencil eraser oh
yeah one two three oh we did it
our eraser you won't draw down silos we
try save loads are ready she wants the
whole bone coming out
Oh mother you did it daddy
is it amazing it just been a brother way
on announce a dinner from a certain
somebody you wanna get top secret but
this is hopefully the best fidgets
dinner I've ever taught that's fun Eve
only I mean how much did you eat dinner
last time with just three bearings on
the outside you let me do it on the Sun
your battery light is flashing oh we
better hurry low battery
alright that's pretty much all the time
we have for you here to Gilroy House
today guys I hope you had fun with us
let us know what the comments what is
the weirdest thing you've balanced the
fidgets spinner on and if you haven't
mess with a pigeon spare yet you must be
under a rock I want to say thank you
guys all so much for watching and as
always we can't wait to see you right
back here
