huh Lindsay did you a good workout yeah
you know this is definitely a good
workout heart rates up fossils of I mean
yeah so supposed to happen right it's
time to go it's time to go taste text me
while I was in there and today I need
you to go to Lowe's and get a wood
chisel what he needs a wood chisel for I
don't know but I'm gonna get him one
who's Saul's closer oh look I found them
oh yeah hey when you go in the store can
you come back out and someone has parked
so close and hardly get in your car
Topa back look at this
Oh outside to come to Walmart real quick
we need more stuff for the pool the shop
took care of what they needed to take
care of but the pH and the alkalinity
are too high I've seen this this peach -
it lowers the pH level so we're going to
get some of that but how do I lower the
alkalinity an acident
makes sense
would you get me chisel oh nice
how was your workout by the way great
yeah yeah did you show the gladiators
how you do your dizzle yeah one of these
days I'll be I'll be joining you at the
gym but I don't really think I need to I
have that Bowflex downstairs the
basement cleaned out first yeah we gonna
yeah we got some work to do down there
how's that pod room for like Baba so
today marks a weekend-long celebration
and support the July weekend and we're
going to see fireworks tonight but first
I'm going to meet up with my buddy Kevin
teets the BMX rider he's doing an
exhibition and he that Geller Park I
think's called so I'm gonna go film with
him and then meet up with Veronica and
the kids here a little later but I need
to get my gear together because when you
leave soon mm-hmm all right guys time to
get our film on yes look at that big
golf ball
oh I have no idea where to go I've been
directed in here crap hey guys where's
the is there like a skate park or this
post office is to see the show so
there's a ton of amateur riders here
still no sign of Kevin anything where
he's at
check out these kids
Oh
in case you ever wanted to see the
interior of a helicopter and that's a
lot of levers and knobs and controls and
are you the pilot how long you been
flying 10 years 10 years this is pretty
cool I'll bet there's no other feeling
than flying it high of an engine yeah
what's up bro let's get you suited not
even talking to you alright guys I'm out
of here Kevin that was awesome family
we'll see you later dude this is so much
fun I gotta go watch fireworks now see
you guys even though this place is
rockin this time to go celebrate with
the fam what are you guys doing Oh like
you're gonna celebrate yeah
nice that's weird
sorry buddy this is crazy
crazy crazy crazy everyone's ready for
the fireworks baby look at all those
people
we lined up everywhere
they like the firewalk fireworks off
right over there
this is like an airport it's where
everyone watches should be good cherry
bomb firecrackers
you got cherry bombs no way down and we
have fireworks yeah let's go let's go
light them up Pizza yes oh my god we're
gonna get this out of the way so you
knew sapphire yeah really
oh yeah nice what are you doing honey I
don't know if you can see me but we're
walking up the road to see the fireworks
right now hey baby
zoo babies oh she's so cute it's known
as a bug in a rug I might have to come
back early I don't know if she will yeah
chalk that up so the cutest thing ever
said my zu Rea go home sweetheart maybe
a dollar yeah my goodness honey we gotta
get this house cleaned up by morning I
mean we gonna fix that right now oh wait
a second oh that's right I already
cleaned it it's all cleaned booyah who's
the man wait what was that
that don't belong there what's these
cakes for could it be someone's birthday
I'll go show you the Earth Day yes yes
who our birthday girl is there she is
sweet sixteen seventeen I could drink
this nice very nice her actual
birthday is tomorrow but today we
celebrate because tonight is the
fireworks we're gonna try something cool
we're gonna make an awesome picture for
your birthday with light painting yeah
yeah I'll be back this is where we're
gonna leave you for today I have to go
take care of some things like I said it
for her birthday we're gonna try and do
a really cool light painting picture for
her birthday and I think it's gonna turn
out really cool so I have to go to
phantom and get fireworks sparklers and
stuff like that and some other things so
thank you guys so much for watching
sorry we couldn't do Q&A today I did get
fan mail so we'll do another one of
those really soon and I guess we'll just
see all of you right back here tomorrow
