what's up guys just feeding Eliza part
of my daily routine she started to eat
six ounce bottles instead of four ounce
bottles she's growling what are you guys
watching five nights at Freddy's yeah I
was playing a game I am yeah nice left
who left BB boy all right
we had toy Bonnie analyst oh nice and we
have a special guest with us today
little caner hey dude we're just a bunch
of boys hanging out enjoying our summer
day we've already played in some baubles
we've already jumped on the trampoline
with those balls awesome yeah so big
right I want to go play with some more
these things are seriously fun they're
that big in height I'm gonna show you
something Eliza she's progressing I'm
gonna show you something hold on I'm
gonna show you Eliza has learned to roll
over yeah believe it
Liza sorry you're not a dog you're my
daughter
kitty yay good job baby girl you brought
over she's actually really good at and
she can only roll to her right she's
just a really roll terror left and she
can't once she gets like this she can't
roll back over so it's a work in
progress you know hi mama mom won't came
over at mama brought cane with with her
so that's why canes here and now I'm
talking her into feeding it's like a
grandma's duty to feed the baby some
cereal yes we will it's a bonding
experience really I mean you think about
it when you feed a baby her first bottle
or
aside from that breastfeeding Veronica
got the first couple months of that
bonding experience with the baby yeah I
knew that it was your kids yeah
so I think it's cool I think it's cool
to let grandma have a go at the cereal
you think Eliza she said I don't think
it's too good yeah
yep see she says I like this boom but I
don't like yum num num I can't wait till
we give her her first taste of uh I
think it was sweet potatoes the sweet
potatoes or there is another one that
the boys ate as soon as you put it in
her mouth or in their mouth they were
just it was like well they loved the
banana who doesn't love the banana baby
food oh I know I'd buy that stuff right
now and eat it Britney ate it for a long
time
really yeah oh I love seeing this Colin
come here I got something I got
something I ordered yesterday actually I
ordered one name because I wanted to get
this thing fixed what is it ah let's
open it you know a filmmaker needs
batteries
I need batteries for my mics and then in
here I got a new carburetor for the
four-wheeler because that one is totally
junk so we're gonna fix the four-wheeler
and get these boys riding let's see if
we get this thing off I've never really
seen the inner workings of the top part
of the carburetor and this is like the
cylinder that I guess controls the
amount of gas that flows into the
carburetor or into the engine and this
is the part that the Cape cable connects
to
this goes on top of here and then this
cap goes on top and this is where the
cable runs out now when I'm sitting my
watch off that's a serious business
let's fix this four-wheeler
yeah
it's really on there I can't get that
top ring off and my pliers are the
crappiest smallest little pliers someone
gonna see if my neighbor my good old
neighbors got some look Jay's got the
channel locks no sissy pliers look look
look look this is what we're working
with now we got the big-boy tools so are
you good give it a saw you can so look
I've never I've never done this before
never seen it done this is how you put
the carburetor back together where's
that slide that was inside there what
yeah so the cable goes down into there
right and the spring follows and it's
all held together by putting the cable
inside that little knot you see right
there and then you turn it around and
the cable comes out this way as Jay will
demonstrate now
that's the hard part right there keeping
the spring out of your way hey hey hey
that's it right mm-hmm
there's a groove for this on one of the
sides be tricky
so I got the throttle cable assembly
back together the cable is now connected
inside the new carburetor which is
dangling down here no no no no problem
I'll get this thing bolted back on what
uh yeah it's on there nothing we guess
ah you've got to be kidding me
your line was cramped for so long with
those that clamp it broke the line
luckily we had some extra line to put in
that place so I think it's it's it's
actually ready to fire up it should be
drier may take a bit
can we just open it up
hey Colin I'm gonna go put gas in this
you're gonna take the first drive this
puppy back up and running boys and girls
think about calling it shoes on the
ground to take this out make sure she
still runs
it works yeah thanks dude
me for a second all I got to make sure
this thing snores okay
oh my gosh
honey you're gonna pop the tire back off
the RAM sorry we got air all day there
all day and you're not setting a very
good example of how he should be riding
it all right Colin's about ready to get
back on the horse since I can't remember
when are you ready
do you remember what to do which one's
the brake and no that's the gas this is
also the brake but I don't think you can
grab that and just for safety we have
this really convenient kill switch right
here in case it gets out of control
check it out turn the key off and back
on and then you can go again but dude
you be careful watch where you're going
keep your hands and feet inside the
vehicle all times and make sure most of
all you have a blast look right down
that way and then back that way
and go back and forth just this little
strip for now
oh I'll get the hang of it again brakes
yep yep that's a life let's see you go
down in back one time go down this way
turn around and go back down towards
those trees nice and easy okay
yeah the mosquitoes are out why did you
leave it what why did you leave it
you're just tired
all right yeah yeah oh man you're so
fast go for there you go
high fives dude up top
don't leave me hanging give me like
three up following them
good job dude nice riding I'm glad you
got back on here we got to take your
helmet off what do you think it was
awesome
yeah did you miss doing that yeah yeah
we left that bike over at Uncle Romans
for such a long time huh
check it out we got this camera for
Colin ages ago because he wanted a
camera so he could film too and we got
him this crappy little Vivitar looks
like a two-and-a-half megapixel camera
just to see if he would take care of it
ooh memory full oh look you can't even
see anything gonna make a super sick
vlog what are you gonna vlog about thank
you you're wrong about adventure
adventure I will do some light stuff
yeah that's a good idea
nothing shoots in like 420 by something
VGA
it's bad it's it's definitely bad check
this out
peanut butter candy crunch I want I want
some that I don't understand why you
guys like hanging out in the freezer
let's have some coffee yes let me take
you out to the pool all I want to say
something so I have to run this
extension cord all the way out here for
the pump that goes to the pool yesterday
Veronica went got some shock treatment
and a loti thing that holds the chlorine
tablet and we got this thing looking
much better it was like practically
green yesterday and now it's not which
is perfect but the water is super cloudy
can anyone tell me how to make the water
crystal clear again because it's a
really cloudy
alright so yesterday I commented I
wanted you guys to ask some questions in
the comments we haven't done a Q&A for a
while so I kinda wanted to do another
one
and I know this video is probably long
enough already so we'll we'll try to
make this quick I see a lot of people
asking lately am I using a new camera
why is the vlogs looks so crystal clear
the quality though the truth is I've
been shooting with the same camera for a
long time in 1080p 60 frames per second
and nothing's changed I've been using
this camera for a while I think what
happened was YouTube mobile updated so
now you can see the vlogs and 60 frames
which is what they are shot in which i
think is really cool
where did you in Veronica meet for the
first time Vince uh vinod me and
Veronica met at this little place called
Pizza cottage she used to she used to be
a server there and it's just years and
years ago she served as pizza and I was
like man that girl and I kind of was
like I don't know I kind of had a crush
on her ever since I met her there and
she was dating this other good I just
kind of forgot about her moved on and
then a couple years later she just
showed up at my buddy Scott's house she
was friends with my buddy Scott's
girlfriend's girlfriend Tara and she
came over and that's that Victor wants
to know what's my favorite NFL team if
so which team is it Victor I don't
really watch a lot of sports I can't say
I have a favorite NFL team I just don't
Bradon wants to know what's the best
software what do I use for editing video
I used to use Final Cut Pro 10 and then
I found Adobe Premiere CC I've been
using Adobe Premiere for probably two or
three months now and I love it
where do you get all of your awesome
Ohio shirts at Cody that's lamp apparel
it's a local t-shirt the guys are super
awesome there I've actually went up
there and vlogged with them a couple
times lamp has some pretty awesome
shirts if you're a die-hard Ohio fan you
go to Atlanta peril comm and get
yourself some cool shirts how often do
you do fan mail is there a schedule
Matthew Jones I do fan mail pretty
sporadic I don't really have a scheduled
with
of uploading fan mail I will go check
the fan mail this week I know it's kind
of last-minute so we don't really have a
whole lot of questions in here but make
sure you ask some questions in today's
video put your questions down below and
we'll we'll address those in tomorrow's
vlog real quick before we go I wanted to
tell you guys that the texture contest I
decided to extend it we only reached
somewhere around 1300 new followers on
texture and I want to give away a GoPro
so bad maybe 5000 was an unrealistic
goal to reach
but I think with 20-some thousand
average view video views per day you
guys can follow me on tag sir
they reached out to the company to see
if they have any progress on making the
Android version of the app and it's in
the works so we'll continue the texture
contest at least until the end of July
so let's get that 5,000 I want to give
you guys a GoPro
I also want to mention legends of
awesome is coming very very very close
to game time there's a couple things
that I need from you guys I need you
guys to be on the lookout for people who
exhibit incredible talents because it'll
be tough for me to find them on my own
and with as many eyes as there are on
our vlog channel it should be really
easy to find people that that want to do
these videos so think about people and
it doesn't have to be anything specific
so we're looking for BMX rider
skateboarders jugglers wakeboarders
anything that you can think of that has
incredible talent those types of people
I need to be in touch with I need you
guys to be my Scouts and we need to find
these super talented people and then
email me their information to Gilroy
blogs at gmail.com within the next
couple weeks I'll be flying to LA to
introduce my partner for the channel and
start filming the trailer so you guys
have something to share like a link to
share to show these people to hate
giveaway wants you for legends awesome
so I need to edit this video the bubble
video that we shot the other day and we
got a lot of fireworks in the next
couple days so make sure you come back
to check that out thank you guys so much
for watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
