good morning I've been talking about it
for a couple days now we're finally
gonna go get this stuff to make bubbles
we're waiting on the other stuff but we
we can't wait any longer we're getting
stir-crazy there's finally a break in
the weather and my neck Carson you're
going with me
Carson's my partner we're gonna go to
the store we're gonna get all the stuff
we need to make the wands which is kind
of intricate and then the bubble
solution hey and you're gonna stay here
with mommy yeah yeah so this is a long
shot but I just stopped to see if Kroger
would have everything we need
hey watch out come here don't run in the
road you crazy where's this exfoliating
facial cleansing towelettes that's not
what we need that's peach we're looking
for something called glycerin I don't
really know what you use glycerin for
but it's like a coagulating element of
the bubble mixture that we need it's
that and I'll show you there's an
alternative that you can use but we're
gonna make two mixtures see which one
works out best Hey what you're just
gonna leave your door open there you go
someone asked me why we always go to
Lowe's why don't we go to hates hardware
well that's easy because we don't have a
hardware or else I would look what we
got so far we got screw eyes we'll need
those for we don't really need that many
but we're just getting right I mean we
need these washers I'm looking for
wooden dowels now and then like it's got
to be a hundred percent cotton almost
like clothesline material let's see what
about 7/16 that's pretty thick you can't
mess that up
let's sword fight all right
I'll guard get your fighting stance I'm
gonna sword fight you oh yeah
look really all right all right all
right all right let's get we came for
enough sword fight you're gonna help her
dude yeah thanks for coming with me no
biggie
all the road back there it's all either
polypropylene or nylon and we can't use
any of that all right mega score we
found in pure glycerin um this one's
really hard to find actually and CVS was
the only place to have it so there's
this as the key ingredient or you can
use something a little more intimate you
can also use like KY jelly or I'm gonna
go with the CVS I don't want the jelly
see ky has a liquid I'm looking for the
equivalent
it it also has glycerin but it also has
a couple other ingredients so if you
can't find glycerin you can always use
you know this stuff finally we found it
this cotton rope was the hardest thing
to find other than the glycerin
everything's like polypropylene or this
nylon stuff paracord but luckily we
found the one and only all cotton I
think it's yeah it's all cotton let's go
home and make this dude I'm so excited
at five this is parent parent filmmaking
right here I gotta watch the baby while
Veronica's doing her part I already did
my part nailed it
now Veronica's trying to finish her part
but she keeps this this could be another
blooper video right here in the making
roll it
we had to tuck the kids inside so they
were quiet while we were filming I'll
tell you one thing getting this done
with the baby
we had to enlist in Anna's help yeah
it's chilly wish it was uh she was mad
but this is turning out to be pretty
cool so far we've got our bubble mixture
and we made our we made our I guess
bubble wands I I guess you call them
yeah and I had to go get the boys you
guys are ready for this yeah all right I
don't know how this is gonna work what
what are you 90 Wow yo you guys
seriously we've made some incredible
looking bubbles here dude ha ha ha this
is so awesome
I'll say all that hard work paid off
trying to find all those different
ingredients literally we spent three
hours three and a half hours tracking
down all the different things that we
needed to find mostly it was the rope
and the glycerin that was the hardest
part but
yeah it's almost like you need a more
flat container to put that stuff in oh
yeah yeah
that's awesome what hobby is whoa yes oh
my gosh no he did it took forever to
film it and I don't even know if we have
enough light and this was the first time
we've ever done anything like that
before
so I don't know the video may turn out
we filmed the separate video so
hopefully that turns out and if it
doesn't we could always do it again but
that was a lot of fun now it's time for
dinner
what's he doing in the beach seat oh
yeah she had her second bowl cereal
today which is cool she's doing well
progressing
that's for dinner my love I am
interested is a green bean don't fix up
my cheeseburger so good no I don't
really mean um what what do you need
it's a turkey baster hey what's that so
little medicine you make do right I
think we can get you a turkey baster
bubbles on you I think she's teething oh
hi
no one saw that no one saw that no one
saw anything
good that looks fantastic yeah seriously
oh that's like a picture-perfect home
and garden me like this girls maybe some
funniest faces right now it's potatoes
yeah
that's a fruit come I got I like pears
we're gonna that's my boy that's my boy
did you see all this strength
look at all those look dang my arm looks
like it's frickin BA what kind like look
like furious Pete right now Oh Edie Ange
let me check your muscles ah I got a
cramp Oh are we being too loud my life
is asleep right over there hey tell the
gladiators good night hey Colin tell the
gladiators
yeah
Wow
you
so how did the gladiators
I mean you jumped like a spaghetti
noodle all right these this one she just
came up with a brilliant idea for the
kids on the trampoline because you guys
used to do this younger when you're
younger apparently they're gonna pile up
so Dawn dish soap on the trampoline turn
on the hose and have the kids jump on it
creating a massive bubbles this is like
bubble vlog you know man it's like slip
and slide fun let's do it what are we
waiting for it hold it up like this and
jump okay okay yeah you might want to
take your shirt you have to we're doing
a bubble experiment I'll send you a bill
for all that so Kirsten Kirsten get up
there and hold it up
I don't see this I don't see this giant
stack of bubbles okay well they've got a
jump in it
keep jumping dude speed a jump
get in there there he goes
thank you rims too much soap off you
have to jump in the water alright guys
so clearly it's a nice day out today
we're gonna take full advantage of that
and have some fun what do you say we go
tackle Colin and get that hose from him
as you can see he's already gotten me
wet so it's time for some payback that's
all for us today guys thank you so much
for watching and we can't wait to see
all of you right back here
