you guys this weather is not impressive
so I came out this morning to get some
eggs it's bacon for a-bomb breakfast I'm
starting Monday out really strong I woke
up very early today I got a lot of stuff
to do I wanted to dig make that bubble
video a couple videos back I mentioned I
wanted to try and find a way to make the
most enormous gigantic bubbles and I
found a cool recipe the only thing I
need to do is order there's one
component that I have to order online
because you can't find it anywhere
look at our countertop oh my gosh I
think today's gonna be clean day on top
of everything else we need to get some
needs to get some flow we'd get some
clean action long look at all this
Veronica's made eggs Southwest style
hashbrowns bacon biscuits and gravy
homemade biscuits and gravy mmm high
five high five you but I can't because I
think it's ready huh and hands full here
yeah I hear you wait what the bikes are
in the rain Oh poo mmm want to dry them
off we're gonna keep the kids out of the
house cuz the lodge is trying to take a
nap and they're being way too loud so
how about some bike riding boys yeah so
I said it earlier today is definitely a
clean-up day and things are looking good
so far looking pretty good
got the bottle thing going on you know
we do that every day dishes
ver√≥nica already cleaned up most of
this stuff so I'm gonna do the floors
with this bad things that thing is
awesome
it awesome forget about a mop forget
about it I don't you can't even tell you
and tell looks clean it's a lot cleaner
if I let you see the water that I poured
out of that machine
once I was all done with the floor you
probably left me as a person now I'm
just kidding
I'll bet you did the same thing at your
house and look just as nasty where are
you going leap why are you so tall wait
why are you so tall
I grew let me get to your level you're
gonna work out nice make them gains girl
make them gains girl me I'm gonna stay
here all right all right here's the deal
everyone's like why don't you go work
out Veronica once you guys to work out
you're supposed to be getting buff and
gain and what I can't go work out with
Veronica with the baby we have said we
have to be separate here what are you
trying to leave her did you do your
makeup to go work out I put mascara are
you kidding me I don't know we'll figure
it out
look Veronica goes to the gym I'm left
in charge we're gonna make frozen pizzas
was it good you want another piece huh
you sure you do wait I'll hook you up
sure you want to go play Legos with us
gosh look how cute she is it's - why -
you're so cute Liza even with your foot
in your mouth what do you want to play
what are we playing playing with that
new Lego that's the guard tower the
prison's guard tower called a guard
tower yeah oh no the zombies are coming
through come on Glenn come on Glenn
hurry Carson the zombies oh man that was
impressive
I know you got a crawler you go to
crawling did you find the toy you like
to play all jokes aside I think it's
pretty cool how I mean look at her she's
totally engaged and wanting to play with
them and then them back to her I don't
know I didn't expect them to react this
way to having a little sister Eliza
cannot be up here unsupervised all those
little tiny LEGO pieces you just saw
everything she touches she tries to put
in her mouth so we have to keep all that
stuff see
okay let's hide hurry
all right before that wasn't me that was
Collin that's all on the screen like
that you should have seen shoes climbing
on listen she was climbing on Carson's
butt and Carson would bounce his butt up
and she would bounce up and she's also
funny I think it's time for us to work
on crawling too because she she knows
that pushing stuff yes though Carson
once you tell our gladiators goodnight
you have to pop your head oh but you can
see what about you good thanks for
picking up your room by the way I forgot
to I forgot to tell you that good job
high fives from here high fives
wait you missed high five smear nice
can you believe it there's actually
sunshine out there it's been so long
that my eyes still won't adjust to it so
good morning you had no clever
transition today it's starting off
making hashbrowns
isn't frozen little Carson wants an egg
sandwich that's what I'm gonna give them
how's your sandwich it's good nice
unfortunately I failed pretty hard at
the hashbrowns I'm pregnant man heck
burnt that crap right on there so I have
to finish it up in a different pan
apparently the trick is to use a little
bit of butter believe I failed I should
not be in the kitchen today I felt so
hard broke both her eggs which she hates
when her sunny-side up eggs they're
broken bad so sorry
enjoy here's a little trick my grandma
taught me if you scorch your pan real
bad like I did just fill it with water
and put it back on the heat and let it
boil and eventually that stuff will just
break loose and you'll be able to dump
it in the garbage disposal and it'll be
super easy to clean all right guys so
breakfast is done everyone's up and
ready to start their day I want to go
ahead and get some of my stuff done for
the day and then we'll restart hopefully
the weather will hold out for us so we
can try and do that bubble video today I
really want to do that so we'll see
thank you guys so much for watching I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
