what's up guys we're starting our day
building Legos this is the Jurassic
world Lego dress this is your extra
t-rex tracker yep alright wait wait a
second
first of all I want to make it clear as
to why the hell you have a Lego in your
mouth in the first place and then we'll
discuss why it's stuck there pull it off
I'm gonna yeah what do you you're a mess
you're drooling oh my gosh is there
another piece like it so I can
investigate it
wow this is incredible
hmmm oh don't cry darling but not really
hurt alright now that you can talk let's
talk about why did you put the freaking
Lego in your mouth in the first place
no it's not bleeding because I'm gonna
get these little things in so it's
biting it in while my tongue got stuck
in it and there's no reversing that once
it's in oh my gosh
a whole hour later probably and we
finished it pretty sweet
what two hours says the girl in the
living room
mine that's pretty cool dude you're the
vlog but check it out you can take the
cage off that'd be cool if you had a
crane or something yeah lego city sets
there Carson set you got the walking
dead prison tower it's pretty cool those
zombies with zombies but they don't
stand up bummer
oh no that's Glenn you guys know Glenn
when the Walking Dead not my preferred
weapon of choice but when you're out in
the wilderness with zombies and all you
have is a pipe you might as well use it
right all right guys let's roll come on
honey
quit doing laundry no more folding time
to go mom what kind of cake did you make
here Butterfinger / kiss happy can you
explain the ingredients real quick
yellow cake mixed with chocolate pudding
whipped topping and crushed candy or
cookie of your choice yes
booyah Butterfinger case it's real good
actually it really is I was wrong it I
thought grandpa was 89 he's 87
you've never had oh I know you said
you've never had
close your mouth a little bit get them
wet now open by one oh I want some foie
gras I brought you something you want to
go hook it up yeah yeah I brought them a
special gift well it's more for Grandma
but grandma
so grandma's been watching this little
TV look at this little shits that little
thing she came to see if she's gotta use
binoculars to watch TV in bed at night
you know I'm serious right so I brought
her this nineteen inch flatscreen so
she's been watching that little tiny TV
and grandpa says she can't see it she
needs a new TV so we brought her this
one this was in our bedroom what are we
gonna watch now young to watch TV really
you guys you're a couple you're not
supposed to be watching TV you know what
we do there you go Graham what do you
think yeah that's neat it's bigger right
yeah no yes so arty me and mommy mommy
Nettie's really yeah yeah well it's
Grammys now so she can have a TV to
watch yeah
well that was an adventure I didn't we
tried to fix their TV in their living
room that's been acting up and the cable
box
it doesn't work it doesn't work try to
take everything off and just plug the
cable right into the TV call Time Warner
have them fix it that's what I say and
you're having problems with this child
huh friendly gutters she's sleeping for
sure look here we are again at the tail
end of another family gathering and
notice who's left here yep he's 87 but
who's left
who's left grandma left me and Veronica
always seem to be the last ones here all
the time did you guys have fun at
grandpa's 87th birthday yeah he's pretty
old huh he's got a lot of wise years a
treat container candy and Jade's
after dinner go in there nice I want to
tell our gladiators good night dawn did
you have fun at the birthday party yeah
you love your kitty
careful fluffy doesn't want to be choked
out although he doesn't seem to mind too
much won't you tell our gladiators a
good night Wow all right guys so it's
about that time to wrap things up for
today now I tried this once before I
don't want to see if I can do it again
watch I'm gonna I'm gonna change my
outfit just by spinning around watch
just watch one two three
this embarrassing one to hell right
that's awesome right these transistors
are getting so tweaked some tweaked
I'm sorry you sleep honey I didn't mean
to wake you sleep sleep good morning
boys
what are you doing I was like what's the
big idea
hey cutie come yeah
well guys it's Monday it's Monday and as
you can imagine the weather is crap
that's why the boys are starting off
with some minecraft I am going to attack
this week I've got a bunch of things to
get done it's almost like it's almost
like studying before a test because the
test happens tomorrow you know what I
mean like crunch time so I got a lot of
things to get done this week before the
fourth of July rolls around I'm just
gonna leave it at that one more day on
my tags to promotion if you can go smash
my texture profile because I'm trying to
get that five thousand so I can give
away a GoPro and take the boys to
Legoland I don't know if we can get
another 4,000 63,000 some followers but
miracles do happen
all right guys listen thank you so much
for hanging out with us today
make sure you wish my grandpa happy 87th
birthday in the comments what an awesome
guy yeah so that's all I got for you
today thank you so much for watching and
I can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
