hey guys so I start today out with
another coat of polyurethane on this but
as I mentioned before you gotta have a
small dustier sanding session before you
apply another coat so that's all go
check it out now it's all like white
dusty it's alright
brush it off and add another coat there
we go can you see the glare look how
shiny that look awesome two coats of
polyurethane down two more to go how we
need is out there look at this it was
super windy today look at you all cute
in your little jacket with your bow yeah
that lights better that's love it what
are we doing today we're going to hang
out with your brother
uh-huh Samantha and some of the girls
wanna see some of the jamberry nail's oh
it's a nail party yeah I love them but
Oh I'll accompany here I love those
mints that we got all the curtains so
much I got like a ton of them the chick
gave us a bunch of them I got some mints
you own one nope these ones are mine I
stuffed you a couple in your door over
there
I'm serious there's some on your door
that's it do you got like 12 or
something oh look how beautiful it is
outside
we had to stop at Kroger to get some
chips and diapers and stuff this guy's
walking now every time I come in here I
see this beer it's called not your dad's
not your father's root beer I seen a guy
carrying a case out so I asked him I
said that's not very good he brings me
one of the car guys here man knock
yourself out
check it out guys
full-on cookout mode burger potato salad
hot dog with no bun
did you eat honey you didn't eat yet no
holy eliezer you give him trouble she's
sooo cute to do any wrong right that was
fun yeah I should release you
I should recorded that I was doing the
old make Veronica chase the car while I
try and drive away and she's getting in
man I don't know what to do being is the
weather's crap look it looks like it's
nighttime already your little nail party
was definitely not as exciting for me as
it may have been for you
I was excited I'm still trying to figure
out how are you talking and even coming
let's go cuddle up on the couch and play
some video games or something
ready freak out so we can make a video
you know good night she died I'll see
her in the morning
if you sleep that long she's wide awake
now that we got her out of the car seat
but once she goes up there and lays in
her bed which is beautiful when she lays
in her bed she comes up with her blankie
she'll look around for a few minutes and
then she'll be asleep which is pretty
incredible what are we gonna do we're
gonna even done anything today today
sucked taste sucked I'm gonna be
straight up I didn't do my job today
I didn't bring these guys some
awesomeness for their eye holes you know
what I'm saying it's no one's fault
there's no faults here yeah I had to do
uh I did some work for a buddy fellow
youtuber you know who he is I don't feel
it's at liberty or I don't feel it's
proper for me to discuss it but I did
work for our buddy today for a video
that you'll see in a couple days pretty
funny pretty epic old-school good stuff
I liked it so yeah I was on my computer
for quite a bit today but I got I got a
lot of stuff happening right now the
fourth of July is what we're waiting on
it's like holidays
got kind of stuck here between Father's
Day and 4th of July after the holiday
it's time to boogie baby it's time it's
time you know what else it's time for
it's time for me to look fluffy Oh kitty
kitty
he's hungry that's all he's hungry Oh
what's up good morning so I'm I'm
exporting a rough-cut preview that I'm
gonna upload on my my tags terror
account of Kevin teats the BMX rider
that we did we haven't had a chance to
go film some more because the weather
has been garbage I'm almost tempted to
fly me and ham out to California where I
know there's gonna be sunshine and
finish our shoot it's really bugging me
but we're gonna try as soon as the
weather breaks we're gonna try and get
out there and I was he did this massive
gap when when we shot last at the
Lancaster skate park and I wanted to do
this finishing sequence because it was
kind of dramatic it was a big deal it's
a gap that he'd never tried before and I
captured it really well however the type
of effect that I want to pull off for
the very end of this is like that freeze
frame effect so like you've seen it in
skate mag skate mags and stuff where
like they'll go up and hit a rail but
you'll see different pictures as he
progresses through his trip so that's
what I want to do there but you have to
have a steady shot and he almost hit the
tripod when he landed so I had to move
so it doesn't work out and I'm about to
call him and say yo we need to hit that
gap again yeah needless to say I've been
on my computer this morning already for
quite a while and I gotta get off it I
just have so much going on I got so much
going on
the computer is my home for right now
what's up dude holy cow where'd you get
this a hundred in nine dollars and
ninety nine cents Wow holy cow you guys
you go away for the weekend and you come
back with all kinds of cool stuff yeah
well I'll see what I see what we'll be
doing later right now I'm doing it right
now I thought we had to go to Grandma's
we have to go to my grandpa's tonight
it's his birthday
I believe 89 today and that's alt so I'm
gonna find something cool to take you
and yeah so we'll pick back up on this
tomorrow thank you guys so much for
watching sorry for such a short crappy
vlog but I I just I'm so busy right now
thank you for understanding thanks guys
so much for watching I can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
