what are you boys doing really you look
like you're making a toilet is this
going round in circles amazing Carson
getting flushed Carson resist the funnel
dude resist the funnel there you go
that's how you dry off you're working on
your tan do a back flip Carson do a
front flip show me what you get oh nice
nice execution nice form move the fall
backwards flip nice what do you want
those off just take a ring drinking my
Red Bull
those are my wings those are my wings
not yours you're going our Braunfels
going to work out again anytime you're
gonna be like what like you know you got
this
this is dedication to Veronica's friend
Lindsey who she decided to start going
to the gym with isn't going tonight
she's going by herself it's awesome
get it in make dim gains be good don't
look at all those jocks buses I got the
best butt around you know that I got no
butt all right guys mommy's gone to the
gym what do you want to do what do you
want to do
I know joini do too but here's what I'm
thinking we were blowing bubbles this
morning right and I thought to myself
how in the world do we make the biggest
bubbles you've ever seen right so what
say we do a quick little google search
and find out how to make ridiculously
large bubbles what do you say we're
trying to expand the Gilroy blogs
channel to not just vlogs but so much
more because you know we do videos as
like a family this is like a family
channel and we want to try and give you
guys as much cool content that's family
oriented as possible so over the next
few weeks you're gonna see different
playlists pop up on the vlog channel one
of those being like the pallet projects
and stuff like that all those are gonna
live here on this channel and then we're
also gonna incorporate videos that you
guys can use to do projects and
experiments and crafts and stuff with
your kids because you know we play with
the kids a lot we do a lot with our kids
and I think that if we can help inspire
you guys to do more with your kids I
think that's just even more awesome what
do you say Liza good what do you think
what do you say baby so we just looked
up on Google how to make the coolest new
most ginormous bubbles yeah yeah they're
so huge and we're gonna have to go to
the store to get some ingredients now in
the vlog we're just gonna make them but
I think like I just mentioned we're
gonna make a separate video to teach you
guys precisely how to make your own
ginormous bubbles it seems to be where
we've been hanging out a lot lately I
think that's why I've been focused on
getting it you know until I got a nice
nicer area but I looked online found all
the stuff all the ingredients that we
need to make pretty massive looking
bubbles
the only thing is Veronica took the Jeep
to go work out so we gotta wait till she
gets back so in the meantime I thought
I'd grab some foam brushes and work on
polyurethane in that table polyurethane
that's some good stuff man it's gonna
make this table look incredible
I'm so glad I've only got a two inch
brush to do it with
boom there's our first coat of poly look
how shiny it makes the wood that's just
one coat I plan on doing that least four
coats I won't like that rock hard candy
shell top - this wood ice can be so
smooth when it's all done but obviously
I gotta wait till this dries and then
you hit it with a bit of 220 grit it's
probably the best really really fine
sandpaper a nice light sanding in
between these coats let it dry sand it a
little bit blow all the dust off recode
it rinse and repeat well don't literally
rinse it wait are you guys really doing
this yeah yeah look at all those peanut
shows you love don't Clark well I live
it's rainin anyways stinks the bubble
projects gonna be so cool well I have to
if you're leaving me they're gonna go to
spend the night with Grandma
she took I know how she did it she
talked you into going by getting you a
new game if you'd be good you're always
good you guys are good you guys are so
good oh maybe if I come over later I can
play video games with you ah oh sweet
high five
are you really taking my boys this is so
last-minute oh boy oh boy
see if you did take the baby than me and
Veronica could have a one heck of a
Friday night mm-hmm
what what'd you say what'd you say got
me on tape it's that time again every
day we run out of bottles she drinks
them we run out there dirty we gotta
clean them I'm gonna show you a quick
rundown of how much time it takes to
clean this
and there you have it just like that
you got a full thing of bottles ready to
use and by the time you're done with it
the baby will be just mad enough to
where she's ready to pop all right girls
are you ready for a super delicious
dinner date I'm taking you get this the
boys are away I'm gonna treat my special
ladies out to a Night at the Olive
Garden know what I really like out there
yeah shall we
I said before he left I was like man we
need to get a blanket for her because
it's gonna be cold it is cold Carol yes
say hi you know it's moments like these
that you take for granted wouldn't
become parents because after you have
kids you don't get to come out like this
very just you and me she's a good day
though yeah little Liza had to eat - she
can't twirl a Forks I use the bottle
there's fettuccine alfredo in the ball
yeah
we do everything in shifts especially
when we go out to eat we have to eat in
shifts yeah I'll save that for home
ready ready
bye guys you too
yes please
these little mints these little
chocolate Andes mints to give you an
Olive Garden they are so good it's
almost one of the most looked forward to
things that I come here for
alright so here's the deal the baby's in
bed she's sleeping our other two kids
are away I've got some tiramisu to eat
I don't know what else we could possibly
do with our time tonight I think here
why don't you guys just to here for a
minute
it's warning
I didn't realize I left you guys sitting
there for such a long time but it's
morning then we had a great night and
what better way to start a Saturday
morning then with some coffee all right
friends so I guess that's where we leave
you for today let's get to today thank
you so much for watching I can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
