I'm Veronica and I'm going to show you
today how to make a simple Palestine out
of the repurposed pallet wood I sent
these through the planer so they're
pretty much all the same size we're
gonna turn them over cuz this is the
back side it's not as pretty so we're
gonna turn them over line them all up
and then I have these other boards that
we're gonna put on the back to nail them
all together and you're gonna need
either a hammer and nails or a handy
dandy nail gun with an air compressor
make sure they're all straight and where
you want them to go and then put your
safety glasses on sunglasses is all I
have today and then
chicken airgun put where you like one
two three just like that you want to
make sure you have the right size nails
so that way it's not going all the way
through it and then we just paint it you
can find any a little saying or a phrase
or picture or anything like that that
you want to paint on it today I'm just
gonna do like a little sign with some
sun rays coming off of it and you can
get it stencils or I'm just gonna
freehand this one later down the road
I'll show you guys different stencil
types and ways to do that okay so we
start with the yellow
she's gonna be like a half half circle's
son
we're gonna take the white and this is
just going to have different color rays
coming off of it
some people take stain to stain the wood
and the tween and kind of gives the
paint like a rustic look but other than
that this is how you create handmade
signs out of the repurpose pellet would
anyone can do it you can be creative be
crafty give me a thumbs up for my first
youtube video let me know in the
comments below of any other ideas or
crafts that I can do with the signs and
we'll see you next time
