yeah what's up guys I'm getting all this
area cleared out so we can move this
table back there I'm about done with
this project I don't usually work on the
same thing this long so listen let's get
this finished so there's so much stuff
packed in this corner it's been here
forever same with that corner I'm gonna
have to clear that out too that's mostly
toys and shells and stuff Veronica's cap
and umbrella for the table out there but
these things kind of have to stay here
cuz they don't really have anything else
to do with them I just need to move them
out so I can clean the spot and then put
them back under this table once we put
it in place I'll do the staining and all
that stuff with the table right over
here so we don't have to move it after
it's done well wants to move it less
it's a cool table man I think it turned
out I definitely will be doing shelves
in here but I think I'm gonna get I need
to get a couple other pallets taken
apart because I don't have enough to do
the shelves I wanted to tell you guys a
reminder five days left until the end of
the month if you remember I'm doing a
tag store promotion to unlock a GoPro
Hero 4 giveaway you have to go follow me
on tag sir we're trying to get to 5,000
that's what I said in the beginning
5,000 unlocks a GoPro Hero 4 giveaway so
go smash my tag store profile if you
don't know what it is check it out ta
GST our CEO on web or texture is only
available in the Apple App Store so get
in on that by show of thumbs up let us
know if you want to see us do more of
this type of stuff I will be putting up
Veronica's she made this sign right out
of pallet wood and stuff I'll be putting
up that video along with this one
tomorrow so keep an eye out for that and
I don't know it just kind of sets the
tone for the types of things that we can
do with with pallets and I think it's
just kind of
a number one it's a thing to do
something fun to be creative and build
stuff which we both enjoy and I don't I
want to know if you guys enjoy seeing
that type of stuff so by show of thumbs
up let us know if you'd like us to
continue palette practice cou finally it
seems like it seems like it takes
forever to get something thing I feel
like the past couple days I've been on a
mission to reclaim some of the spaces in
my house hey V nizzle can I borrow your
your muscles I know you've been working
out lately yeah I need help moving this
table I got all I got the spot all all
cleaned on stuff you're gonna help to I
can use your muscles okay let me see let
me let me check the the muscle tests
real quick whoa ah man I sprained my
finger while I was checking your muscles
let's see if we can do this together
you did it I didn't do anything it's
twitching enjoy the show
spasm time is Big Brother's own oh snap
Veronica's an avid Big Brother TV show
watcher I personally enjoyed it myself
however I didn't watch last season big
rose pretty cool reality show semi
reality show
why'd you get out really yeah Veronica
sent me to the the store to get
Plus for us to use to put the stain on
so I got some gloves but I couldn't
leave without just getting that you got
me some Doritos of which I opened on the
way back
love there it is and I got some red
moles let's do this
you look so good today can I say that I
feel like I look all red my red redness
hey Bert
Oh
alright guys that's what it looks like
that's first coat first coat of stain
Veronica wants to put a second coat on
and then we'll Poli the F out of this
thing probably four or five coats of
poly on top of that you'll see why it'll
look so cool when it's done well yes
we're gonna go watch Big Brother it's a
family affair
what do it I do it yeah yeah yeah you're
trying to tell me you wanna have a
bedtime snack what mom said that are we
gonna have to consult the mommy
what is it bed nice snack time you want
what you want the cheez-its since you
ate all your dinner you're gonna have it
oh no you should you guys should start
scraping your own balls out and washing
them and put them in the dishwasher and
everything that would be so awesome what
do you have to say little girl she's
hitting people
oh she's hitting people oh go oh my God
look at that time of the night
Eliza gets her final bottle before bed
this has been so great she'll have a
bottle right about this time and then
she she usually falls asleep at the end
of her bottle what if this one shall
stay asleep and fingers crossed watch me
jinx myself but usually she stays asleep
until like
almost like seven and eight o'clock in
the morning which is perfect right
mm-hmm on the side up high down low oh
you got me because we have to go to bed
now
sure dude you can go to bed whenever you
want now this one
why don't you boys tell our gladiators
good night : are you doing your own
dishes in there
that's the rinse side so we can put
those in the dishwasher
I'm impressed
morning Carson morning pol√≠ticas oh
yeah it's morning your coffee
holy moly this those bubbles are huge
make some big ones Collin big ones
no hey you got it
oh I'm the bubble man all right daddy's
going to take a shower you guys be
careful with your bubbles don't poke
your eye out
look at me guys like a brand-new man
fish-food hair did I feel like a king
like a million bucks
what do you want to do today I need to
stretch really are you gonna pump pump
pump it up pump it up yeah you can do
side bends or sit-ups but please don't
move that butt alright guys so showers
are done we're awake we're Up We're
Going it's time to get this day moving
forward yeah yeah so it's time for me to
set this camera down listen thank you
guys so much for watching I love seeing
you here every single day and all the
comments section down below make sure
you leave a like on these videos if you
make it to the end and you see my
morning transitions which I didn't do
today leave a like let us know how
awesome we are if in fact we are awesome
alright guys that's all for us today
thank you so much for watching see you
right back here tomorrow
