I got started already on cutting these
legs I mean that's easy stuff cutting
legs but anyway I got all the legs cut
out of these four by fours you saw
yesterday's video you are aware that I
was prepping those boards over there for
the surface of a new workbench that I'm
going to put in this corner over here I
realized that the nails I have there too
sure to get this framing part together I
only have like one inch nails so I need
to go to Lowe's and I'm actually going
to get screws because I have a starter
gun and I think screws are easier so I'm
gonna screw this thing together screw
this all loaves I gotta be honest I'm
starting to get a killer migraine
there's a ton of different colors that
you can choose it's hard to decide but I
think I like this one golden oak I don't
want it to be really dark or red I'm
going to finish it off with a
polyurethane probably a lot of coats of
polyurethane because I want a real thick
hard shell that's nice and smooth on top
and this will give it give it that
I'm actually quite hungry so I think
I'll stop here at one of my favorite
joints the Tim hello Tim Oh what is my
name Julia how may I help you today hey
Julia um I don't know what I want
No waiting on my steak sandwich you got
the strawberry delicious thing so cold
so good so cold trying to put this thing
together now we're going to do this a
lot like we did the table downstairs in
my basement so this will be like the top
frame so we'll set that like that we'll
do this guy like ZZZ you set this guy
like that and our support posts will go
inside
I have to do that for every single joint
all the way around the edge of this
frame so now that I've got this this end
together I need to set these legs so I'm
going to find level and screw pilots
into both sides of the legs there and
attach them to the frame
all right so I put my halves together my
two halves together and then attached
the two halves to two Center legs and
then I'll put a support beam on the
inside to keep them together and I'm
also going to put one here and here for
the shop the Shelf is going to also sit
on these beams so it's coming together
it's just next a long time with one
person I wish I had a helper ask and you
shall receive my love came to help me I
did I didn't help this I definitely
can't flip this thing over by myself
is that too tall yeah where do you see
the top the top something so cool it's a
cool I've reached a point on the table
now to where I'm going to start putting
the top on and I realized I can't do 45
because if I do I won't have enough wood
it doesn't quite reach so I'm just going
to eyeball this slight angle and carry
it all the way throughout the table and
then once I'm done I'll take a the
circular saw and just run along that
edge and cut it off
guys I got about this far Veronica just
peeked out the door says you need to be
quiet
it's 9:57 958 but till tomorrow finish
it tomorrow hang out with me
come here hang out with Eddie wake up
person my boy no my boy person please
don't go please don't go come on Carson
let's we need to go in the kitchen and
get some coffee dude let's get some
coffee that'll wake you right up okay I
love that you're gonna take a sip here
take a sip of my coffee take a sip yeah
see he's gonna know he'll be great
it was tired now he's not he's it's good
to go where are you off to darling I
like your bow that's of cute yeah are
you going to have Chipotle yeah your
fiend you're a fiend we have a table to
finish so I went ahead and took care of
some things off camera because I don't
want you guys to be as careless like
dangerous as I was with cutting these
corner pieces and you got to have the
right tools I can't stress enough make
sure you have the right tools for the
job I cut these little tiny corners with
the circular saw which probably should
have been done with a band saw or a
table saw so a few temp projects like
this make sure you careful here's our
tabletop I like the angle everything
looks pretty cool now we're going to
move
to finishing and I have this I have this
big giant belt sander right a lot of the
surface of this table is uneven some of
these boards are bowed and whatnot I
tried to knock them all down as best I
could
so to make it so that it's not all
jagged like this and what we're working
on it we might need to slide things back
and forth I'm going to take a fair
amount of time and probably a couple of
these belts will be destroyed but we're
going to try and sand as much of the top
of this as possible to get it nice and
smooth and prep it for stain I should
probably mention that I'm starting out
with a very coarse 36 grit sandpaper
this will make sure that I knock out all
the high parts and then I'll finish it
up with a 120 grit make it nice nice and
smooth
all right guys check it out
smooth as a baby's bottom it feels so
good and all the way around it you can
run your fingers over it and there's no
super high spots which is perfect doll
so basically the next step is to stain
the top and then polyurethane coat after
coat after coat of polyurethane I'm not
going to do that in today's video
because it's already pretty close to
noon and we need to get this edited and
uploaded so so we're gonna finish the
rest of this table project in tomorrow's
video it's super easy it won't take very
long
it's just staining and polyurethane but
you get the idea we made a really useful
workbench out of just pallet wood and
then these donated four by fours so I'm
going to go get cleaned up I'm pretty
dusty from all the sanding so that's all
for today guys thank you so much for
watching and we'll see all of your right
back here for the exciting conclusion of
our pallet workbench tomorrow
