imprecate you guys what's up welcome to
the vlog I know this looks like not
that's a nice day today
but it should be alright it's gonna be
alright it's just it's just a little
just a little great that's all so I'm
gonna do a row
this will be my first official car ride
in Caleb such a new whip beau'ful hold
on dude you got to be proud of car Caleb
ultimately wants a GTR to setup themself
of the financial like a like a like I've
like savings and get the savings account
like an app that takes and round up your
purchases and take the extra money to
put into an account got about eighty
thousand some left yeah well what did I
say it gives you a projection it says
like oh oh that's six years yes that is
current spending habit he'll get his GTR
fund complete in about six years what is
it bad I feel like we're in that
commercial right now finally commercials
I feel like we're not a sonic commercial
right now we got we got some tots
you know we all have a cool fluffiness
oh no we didn't get this lesson man I
wanted to until this ridiculous Facebook
video how to create an air conditioner
with a five-gallon bucket way up
Veronica went to Britney's having her
baby shower today so Veronica and Eliza
I went to do that so this is not boy you
know there have no I stock hot dog hot
stinky dog
new this is not like the sonic
commercial at all anymore I took a bite
of my sandwich and literally get
exploded with grease all over my shirt
dude what's this I can't
oh there's look you look at him look
cute they're so cute I know you don't
want to stick your hand in there dude
look he won't get you really we don't
need much much of anything but we do
need a hole saw and I got my girl here
I've seen her over here see that girl
over there
that's print yeah that was me yelling at
you every time she was here I get
everything I need with the smile on her
face you just love me and I love her
come here baby girl aunt wants to do a
collaboration really we're gonna blow
stuff up or something ha we blow stuff
up or something
I tell her what I need and what I'm
doing and she goes I got you you're
gonna need this and that's in this myth
about time I leave she got me sent over
a thousand dollars now I'm kiddin he
can't have kids yeah we need a whole saw
big enough to make a hole in this
five-gallon bucket to put this pipe
through it's got to be snug too Fran we
need like a we need like a styrofoam
liner for a five-gallon bucket - how do
you find that anybody yeah like they're
like into loader which is like hey - we
had to come to Walmart because they
didn't always have everything you need
for anything ever
we need a little family like this do
that a little fan just a little guy I
know you're thinking it's a little fan
going to do well I'm about to show you
absolutely know what this one will match
the bucket way better blue it's blue
we'll take that one
if I'm going to direct your attention to
the vaccine you'll see there this is
actual footage of a kid tired of riding
in the car let's check this out did we
saw these wall pulling in look at
cookies mushrooms in the front
those just FYI dude you don't eat them
don't eat those you probably don't even
want to mess with them but I thought wow
look at all those mushrooms that just
grew out of that mulch that's insane
alright dude have fun at Grandma's make
sure you guys have the best time ever
okay anymore we'll be back for you
tomorrow at about this time okay sir
have fun I love you make sure you don't
spoil them okay so no snacks no toys no
nothing alright you got it
Yeah right the moment I leave seems like
who wants ice cream
okay look we got a hot one here and just
go ahead and back up back up will
believe Tess's here what she has you
know always coming back here bro
no excuse me ma'am can I see your
license and registration
I see you're parked in an illegal
parking zone and we just want to make
sure that everything checks out here you
know what don't worry because I didn't
hit the wagon there or that other and I
properly back in ten three we we got a
hostile situation I'm out you get all
the car right Josh keep you away from
Ibiza I didn't get to do this just yet
because I actually had an impromptu
business meeting with Tessa there Tessa
has a toy it's a droid moto at her
little mod foam pad this is just
next-level
amazing modular cases all right to clip
on to your thumb Oh perfect okay so this
backplate like covers this this which is
the most important part your connections
check this out this is a little camera
that you pop on this phone it's inspire
so it just pops up on its own you don't
even can do anything once you turn it on
you know this is crispy you just zoom
like normal or you have it here right
yeah
what okay not bad not bad I mean but
seriously it it's just a clip-on device
that attaches to your phone and creates
a much better more impressive camera
than the already installed hardware
that's pretty cool
all that cool tech side just then I
didn't really have time to do this just
yet because our meeting went a little
long and then there's Veronica but we're
getting ready to go to Scott and Lindsay
hello we will just take this wig box and
do it
there she is help
hi baby
Eliza what are you going to take Tanana
she goes I want spoon
let me see you spoon let me see your
spoon Liza oh that's a great spoon you
got there I'm actually really excited
because we haven't had a night like this
for a couple days uh said a minute yeah
I'm gonna a couple days it's all the
things you and Daddy become where are
you going daddy uncle bye bye mummy
yes okay stop our free night starts now
we're gonna have some fun I hope you're
right
what's wrong you don't like blue
similarly he probably did roll in the
dead animal guys let's talk for a minute
about yoga pants yoga pant is Tony puts
on kryptonite for Superman
yoga pants aren't the death of any man's
resistance Veronica's wearing yoga pants
I'm just saying
yoga pants are lovely
so we're getting ready to roll up on the
reason the party is happening tonight is
because Lindy mom Stacey just retired
and that's such a great like life
achievement reach retirement and man
work your days of work in are over so
it's exciting night for her I'm sure
someone is Pete look at Scott Hill here
this was a catastrophe we can you can
get me a clip right we'll insert yeah so
yesterday it rained crazy bad bad enough
as you could see in the clip there all
this hill drained all the way down into
his house across the front or the back
there and then down to the side of it I
know shut that
oh my gosh at that I cooked that blew my
mind I can't believe that happened that
was like and it was like what you said
it was it rained almost like three
inches in it ten minutes in ten minutes
in an insane amount of water you can
imagine look at look at how the grass is
like laid down here look easy made like
a makeshift dam can you imagine just
imagine for a second this happening and
Scotty's out here running around like a
crazy person on lighting better storm in
it's all what the water's just flowing
and you're out here trying to place
rocks and stuff and stop it from going
into your basement okay as you saw we
did some some flying here but I want I
need your guys's help some of some of
you out there I know you know how this
works but maybe I'm missing something
so look what I look what's happening so
I did some screen recordings because I'm
trying to get my Phantom series done but
I can't get my screen recordings because
this is what they look like watch it's
terrible it's absolutely terrible let's
skip forward this is what the recording
looks like it's absolutely terrible I
don't even understand like this isn't
it's very frustrating because I know it
can make some really cool video but we
can't get the right recording and I
don't want to just put a camera here and
record the iPad screen
Gilroy man you look more professional so
we got to figure this out you guys if
anybody knows how air shall work pretty
sure it's air shall this app right here
someone has to be an expert tell me what
I'm doing wrong
all right so pretty much the rest of our
evening with that around the campfire
demanded by the lady of the hour to
spend time with her new some people
don't really mind being on camera but
other people kind of do but there's
morning welcome to morning I promise you
guys based on this video title and
thumbnail you're making a five-gallon
bucket air conditioner no this isn't for
the office matter of fact
Scottie's air conditioner broke
yesterday so I'm going to build it and
I'm going to donate it to Scotty so you
can have some nice cool air we might
need is like a five-gallon bucket one of
these minnows containers that are
styrofoam they probably make ones that
fit better in there but that was the
that's the only one I could find so you
need a two and a quarter inch hole saw
just like this it's some 2-inch PVC pipe
which we'll be cutting into three
sections and you also need like a small
this is just a small like desktop fan
and I got blue because it matches got to
keep it consistent you know all we
really need to do is use that two inch
hole saw to drill well
two three holes in the side of the
bucket just below this rim here as you
can see that part is quite messy so you
might want to do that outside if you're
going to try and we're going to cut our
2 inch PVC pipe into three equal
sections these just serve as the stuff
for the air to come out of the side of
the bucket I had to give mine a little
bit of a duct-tape feel to make it fit a
little more snug inside here and I
suppose I forgot to mention we'll be
using a lid for our five-gallon bucket
as well so I'll set this small part of
the fan cage on the lid to figure out
how big I need to cut a hole cut a hole
exactly that size so that the fan sits
right on top and blows into the bucket
now we've got to add our key ingredient
which is I turn it on you need to be
able to see this hold on and there you
go you can see the airflow but check
this out I'm going to give Scotty a call
right now we're going to present him
over the phone with his new air
conditioner hey it's got a dude I know
you said yesterday your air conditioner
broke and you know I felt real bad dude
and if I was a super rich man I'd I'd
pay to have a technician over there but
I'm not so dude look I'm going to flip
the camera and show you what I made you
okay okay here you go dude check it out
man that's your brand new air
conditioner dude the air is so cold it
is it really is dude that's what friends
are for man I made that I'm gonna have
to bring it over later
people like it I have a nice finger on
my refrigerator perfect dude you're
gonna be sat Bob so ridiculous it's so
funny and I don't really know who gets
credit for the original idea of that
obviously I was the one who created this
idea so if you do know who the original
creator that is definitely tagging in
the comments so we can let them know we
tried to build this it turned out pretty
good and I thought another mic
modification to do with this thing would
be to instead fill that bucket with warm
water and put dry ice in there and turn
the fan on and then you've got yourself
a homemade like fog machine so thumbs up
this video if you would like to see me
try that and see if it works that pretty
much was our night guys I want to say
thank you so much for watching and
hanging out with us we can't wait to see
you right back here next time
