hold up guys just getting the video
uploaded and I came across Tom Tom mabe
made this super funny video on vacation
you have to check it out i think its own
as made in America channel but he sent
it to me almost a couple days after he
captured was like this is so funny I
couldn't believe it was real it's crazy
mountain lion trying to dig in your door
no way just finished uploading the vlog
and I'm going to head uptown and run
some errands one of those being I gotta
send out this watch so I'm gonna send
that to our buddy Keegan who won the
contest and then I got a couple other
things which you probably won't care
about this is what it's all about
delivering happiness when this kid gets
this watch he's gonna be so happy and it
wasn't about like I think he's pretty
young he's like 15 or something maybe
younger but it wasn't about who deserve
and watch you rightfully won guess the
right number which is what these
giveaways are all about it's completely
random and unbiased doesn't matter you
know how many pictures you have on your
account or whatever it just doesn't
matter so I'm excited to be sending this
out and this kid's gonna be so stoked
alright Keegan hope you like it now I'm
gonna go get my hair cut
what do you think guys she even washed
it out and everything I don't have all
that hair all over me that's pimpin
let's be pampered since been pimpin man
pampered didn't dampen Thank You Mitzi
lavender her name was Mitzi lavender how
freakin cool of a name is that it's my
lunch today mango orange tea well good
look who's home and about to try her
first actual solid meal well kind of
solid more like mush but what can't you
figure it out am i doing something wrong
all right just put it in the hole honey
you just put it in the hole this is a
big moment you guys yeah this is core
fundamental like child-raising right
here is a pivotal moment in this baby's
life only having bottles before now
she'll eat the cereal you can do it open
up look
do you wait you don't chew it either
Smosh well she's gonna get the chewing
motion there you go mom I can you put
some salt and pepper on there no is that
good he says so good phase two it's
phase two people look something you
wanted to see how they're my crabs are
doing their they're doing good that guy
always sleeps down there and that one
always sleeps right there it's like
bottom bunk and top bunk they're really
not coming home oh man the boys aren't
coming home what you're making lasagna
really didn't we just have that oh my
god that's what it looks like that's
what I wishes lasagna looks like people
I just told dramas like you know what we
had this for Father's Day collars it was
only two days ago we're having lasagna
again mess around I personally really
enjoy this on you so I could eat it
almost every day that week except for
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
or Saturday this is what it'd be like
huh if if we only had one really I feel
I totally feel weird like like where's
my boys where's the boys Eliza where are
they they're not here and where we miss
him don't we
dinner was good awesome as always
Veronica makes the best Sonia other than
my grandpa but let me show you i want to
show you now what this is going to look
like so like so here's the garage the
back door area and this is oops this
would be inside the garage right so
there's a bunch of junk over here a
bunch of junk over here the lawnmower
junk we got to get rid of that so what I
want to build is like a table that sits
on this wall with shelves alright so we
have shelving there and then Veronica
wants to make like a bench it runs all
the way down yeah bench you know so I so
you know like a bench it runs like this
right along the wall so you can set
stuff there and this this would be like
a workbench with the shelves and then we
would take the pegboard pegboard see
these dots all these gods mean pegboard
yeah that's pegboard you can hang your
tools on there and stuff Veronica's step
dad Jay said cuz i was going to build
this tonight like right now hey i'ma eat
dinner and then go outside and mess
around the kids are gone just baby
lizeth Jake came with the present you
guys might be able to do something
tonight after all watch out fluffy
yes Jay my man four by fours shout out
to the homie Jay for hooking us up with
the lumber that is so awesome hungry did
you send your me out at me said babe a
good all that food yeah he laid it down
no eat it oh hey Liza are you ready to
get some fun stuff done today hmm dad's
gonna teach you our building and saw and
plain all kinds of cool stuff to be fun
right now we're gonna you guys are going
to go with me to my grandpa's today
we're going to continue still quite
early we're going to go to my grandpa's
shop and plain a bunch of these boards
so that they look really nice for the
top but yeah I need some this is
actually my very first cup of coffee not
all right so I got to take apart a
couple of these pallets these boards
right here the ones that I'm after not
the skinny ones but I want these ones so
it looks like there's only a couple of
them per pallet so I'll have to take
apart a couple pallets i'm going to show
you the best way to do this all right so
you're going to need a hammer and
another board like this a big thicker
board put it on so we're going to try
and knock this board off so I'm going to
put this board right here we're gonna
hit this board so it knocks it out do
that all the way across this of course
you want to put like a block underneath
so you can drop this thing up
once you get the pallet all tore off now
you got to knock all the nails out all
right got my wood loaded up you're gonna
go swimming mm-hmm boys in this one a
little bit lucky we're gonna take these
and get some more work done I could very
easily if went to lowes or home depot
bought new lumber and built this thing
out of all brand-new wood it probably
would have saved a lot of time and
effort but where's the fun in that when
you guys want to see me sweat right
because I was definitely sweating
pulling apart those two pounds but we're
almost there all we got to do is finish
prepping this this one's going to be the
top surface so we just need to plane it
out
and then we'll probably wrap up this
vlog and start when we actually start
building with a new blog I think it's
gonna be so cool when it's all finished
with it's pretty rough it's pretty dirty
and this is after some planing nice and
smooth we're gonna get these as close to
uniform thickness as possible and I'll
take a belt sander all in blood though
yeah I'll take a belt sander after i get
these late in place and I just send it
out real nice some stains to
polyurethane it's gonna be it's gonna be
tits that's what's gonna be right down
yeah so check out this contraption my
grandpa built to get rid of the sawdust
he's got this planar that produces
sawdust this table saw that makes
sawdust he took an old blower right and
modified it to close one end he's got
these pipes running to where the solid s
comes out this exhaust sawdust when he
turns this thing on he wired himself
switched to it it sucks all the sawdust
out this pipe all the way outside into
this barrel and inside the barrel he's
got a bag that fills up with sawdust you
can't really see it I'm gonna take it
apart it's literally just a trash bag
that fills up the sawdust in this screen
here lets the excess air come out so if
you can see in there but it's so cool
man he's got he figured out a way to get
the sawdust out of the shop and he built
all of it himself the students
Smart's much
all right it was all dusty now that was
fun we got all the wood put together
well prepped and I got a circular saw
and a belt sander we're gonna get the
baby she's been inside with my mom
where's baby go back home and start
building this thing hey dude you get you
an ice cream cone nice both of you huh
don't love me I'm glad you're home I
missed you guys last night I really did
I really did and I'm not lying really
miss Jim so the kids are home baby Eliza
needs to eat a bottle I need to add the
video so this is where we end today and
when you come back tomorrow i'm going to
show you guys how to put together a
really cool workbench for your garage
all out of pallet wood it's a it's a
pallet project we're gonna build a
workbench so I'm going to set this
camera down get some things done and
then we'll see all you guys right back
here tomorrow
