it's time for Elijah to get in the pool
guys you ready hmm come on
no she's pumped she's so pumped my gosh
whoo are you gonna nice little bags look
there's a missile bugs on you proceed on
her
get in there Liza what do you think yeah
you like it yeah oh I gotta get in with
her whoa
I can't wait to get back okay I'll tell
you what
this pool is probably the best
investment we ever made that's going to
keep them so happy all summer long right
Dallas yep welcome Dallas hit me up on
the text messages like yo what's up look
dude come over we don't ever see you
anymore
I'm sure the gladiators mister to show
them what you just did with your hair
big bball of got a part in it it's good
you had to pull it up in a little man
tail yesterday that's nice
look at you oh my gosh sir he's grown up
people you guys no joke me and Dallas
are getting backflips let's see
use your there we go Oh need a break
from that heat out there even though the
pools fun you can only stay in it for so
long and then back flips
let me just niche chill out before I
pass out doc something Dallas called
duty zombies yeah I was playing this
last night late last night and I made it
I don't forget who I played with but I
made it to level 22 which is the
farthest I've ever gotten so I'm gonna
try and best that right now Dallas 42
minutes later that's all Gil right there
437 kills only manage around 17 this
game is so hard it's so hard you did
ride Dallas 106 we were inside playing
games while she was napping that's all
over now so we're gonna go see what the
kids are up to you we can do up to huh
where you think they're up to I know
what they're up to you know probably
swimming go figure
you guys gonna start growing gills good
thing your last names Gilroy
Oh serious question did you guys have
fun with your sleepover last night
yeah yeah yeah you guys have fun playing
and stuff yeah well Emma's dad is about
to come pick her up and then boys we're
gonna have to clean up because your
little slumber party made our house Oh
miss doctor I know it sucks you get to
play all day in the pool and do video
games and stuff like that but four small
pieces of the day you're gonna have to
clean up a little bit can we agree how
mixed up like so much stuff like this
much stuff that's a sound no no no is it
no like it's the whole house yeah I like
yeah the whole house
are you hungry watch watch this look
look Oh
give me give me give me give me give me
Oh oh my gosh Oh what's it supposed to
happen I'm so excited for Veronica right
now once you tell everyone what you're
getting into and see me what are you
doing I am going to the gym yeah yeah
mr. a little gym adventurer really back
in shape maybe we maybe right now is the
perfect time to address that annoyingly
frequent question in the corner second
my still pregnant it's Veronica stone
right now I just have not gotten rid of
this she's not a five-month-old they say
that it takes just as long to get the
way off as it did to put it on so it
took me nine months put it on and
hopefully not nine months to take it all
back off yeah and for those of you who
think she's just trying to make excuses
let us not forget that Veronica's belly
was sliced and then yeah so now here
doesn't bother me so much but it's this
one yeah but it's no kind of hurts
mm funny feeling yeah so imagine even if
you did have a six-pack prior to being
pregnant which she didn't hmm even if
she did have a six-pack all of that
muscle tissue was just freakin violated
sliced right open and there I mean I
don't I don't know the process I've
never had surgery or anything like that
so I've never had a muscle tissue just
sliced like that I don't know how long
it takes to build back when I'm sure it
ain't easy clearly you have some work to
do I'm excited for you honey
and I'm proud yeah I'm proud mm-hmm we
are proud of you nothing I faith in you
go yeah go do that thing okay do you
want to kiss me first
Donna I'll kiss you nice to kiss you get
a good workout go would you like to know
oh so close Hey she always catches it I
don't want the camera made you drop it
you couldn't hang when Carson wants to
get in the pool you really want to I
can't wait
ready let's see it he's gonna run all
the way from there to the pool why do
you love being in the pool so much why
it's warm it's action it's actually not
warm it's cool quite cool
are you glad to have your own pool now
yep yeah like this okay yeah he's so
excited that he can now go underwater
and hold his breath do you open your
eyes when you go under no oh yes yeah I
don't like to water that gets tip won't
suck in your eyeballs good one day we'll
get a bigger pool I want to have a
bigger pool and in-ground pool it's a
diving board so we can dive and do front
flips and back flips and stuff and
that'd be awesome
what did you do get involved you can
totally do cannonballs dudes so I was up
here earlier obviously and I keep
looking at this thing if you remember
when that freaking how long ago it was
but a storm came through with some
pretty crazy winds and blew this
trampoline all the way over there into
the trees and stuff so it broke this and
I'm I've been trying to think to myself
how to fix that and I think one solution
I got these nails here I'm gonna try and
just drive a nail into that and see if
it'll hold this thing up it's just a
theory but I worried that if I just try
and drive this screw
into this plastic I might crack it so I
need to drill it out a little bit I have
a drill
oh no this is one of my favorite things
to do is to fix stuff you can fix it
yourself why not do it instead of waste
your money I don't know if that'll work
but we'll see it works fits right in
there see perfect hey love how was the
gym yeah
are you sweaty mess look what I just
fixed just a screw yeah I feel like that
calls for another backflip attempt what
are you making honey chicken chicken
chicken good I need some protein I need
some meat coz I was just out there for
so long
I only vlogged a little teeny portion of
it but trying this backflip it's been a
huge deal for me yes I've got it pretty
much but not 100% I keep going sideways
and I don't know how to get out of that
but it's so fun now that I can back what
are you proud of me
yes how proud high five proud oh I don't
know I thought yeah yeah serves you no
listen I discovered periscope the other
day a couple of buddies of mine said hey
get on periscope it's pretty cool well I
just saw my boy Pete skip a scoping and
I had to hop on and say hello periscopes
a lot of fun as soon as I find a really
cool way to incorporate it like for us
to have something fun
to do we're gonna do another one but I'm
just hanging out feet right now
well me and a few others you know Carson
we didn't get to see Jurassic world and
we just found out the dress park threes
coming on so we're gonna eat dinner and
watch dress park three that's okay I
love it when you come in front of the
camera don't we guys
Branka has been working out look at her
she's carried Carson to bed she picked
him up off the couch I was like are you
for Rou she just did that
I need PJ pics you need PJ pants whoa
all right well tell her gladiators good
night good night
Carson
I'm some breakfast mmm
wash up in your a for breakfast ah
it's him work she's smaller hole people
you got to make the hole smaller it's
gonna work Thanks check me out
breakfast of champions protein pack full
plate of excellence and this right here
let me tell you about that that's orange
marmalade I've never had orange
marmalade and this is our first go at it
gave Carson a taste what did you think
it's awesome it's super fossum just
marmalade on toast I put butter on it
first so it's marmalade butter and I
think it's fantastic
I might actually make a second piece if
I finish everything I mean after I
finish everything can't Oh babies is a
car seat that means we're going
somewhere where you going Colin for what
you're going to swim in someone else's
pool are you kidding me no it's
excellent a bigger pool oh it's a bigger
pool yeah
Unicom I gotta do some stuff around here
okay hmm
you guys have fun those you and I are
gonna stay here and get some things done
and I have this thing that I want
results we're gonna try and get that
together have a pad bye sweetheart
love you love you oh I guess that's cool
hey guys so they're leaving I'm gonna
hang out here get the vlog done and and
we'll start another video here shortly
that's all we got for you today thank
you so much for watching
you can't wait to see you right back
here tomorrow
