guess what it's Father's Day and me and
my boys are gonna special adventure whoa
yeah just me and the boys are gonna go
watch Jurassic world in 3d that's right
we're gonna get lots of look at your
mouth dude you need to clean up let's go
we're gonna be late
1:42 the movie starts at 1:45 we still
got to get tickets and candy run
three for dress code 3d right oh okay
what do you think what do you want to do
okay
Jurassic Park 3d was sold out
I'm sorry dress Rodya 3d so we'll see
you inside out
yeah all right boys what do you say you
think we got enough junk food thank you
so much what movies you come to see yeah
I can't believe I can't see you oh yeah
well what did you think boys your first
3d movie good not today we'll have to
watch it another day we didn't get to
film anything and running through this
hallway was Soviet we were like running
down the hall with our snacks and candy
last minute but it was a good movie
we're gonna see Jurassic Park soon since
I'm pretty sure you guys enjoyed this ya
dress the world Sorry Sorry
is it too bright Colin still wearing his
3d glasses so now we're gonna go to my
dad's house and party on party on Wayne
yep
this was a party on Garth
as a long ride huh you guys definitely
passed out huh
movie was awesome come on Carson you're
not dead are you I finally made it and
got my little baby
we probably heard it took Eliza to see
that movie but we had to change gears
last night your dress apart was sold out
you know that sucks man pulled out like
what happened what happened to the movie
theaters that had ticket you know you
could buy your tickets online though I
never didn't have that for checking out
mom's shells now check out those sand
dollars she's got a lot of cool stuff
this is what she shipped Tom she brought
some home in her bag but she had these
ones shipped all these were all
happening guys she put it in take see
it's a whole job it's so small it's hard
to see it fell out from the other shows
no way could you see that I didn't see
mom what are you doing dinner that
smells so good oh my gosh
oh my gosh that is something they don't
want who wouldn't want that are you
kidding me
everyone's enjoying the lasagna mari is
almost gone you go to another plate it's
just not the thick thick yeah what do
you mean the thick what if I wanted this
is crazy on holidays dad's double system
Sherry's rating the cabinet's I didn't
give you last time your mom made that
cake really no I can see this yeah
that's a strawberry pancake don't even
think about trying to start a diet in
this house there's a super dad
is that for me look at our little
centerpiece there
smile don't put that in your mouth it's
funny we have these get togethers and
and it's almost like at the same time
after someone's here for a while they're
like alright see ya it's usually a few
minutes after you eat everyone almost
leaves at the same time so everyone just
left and now we're just sitting here
hanging out just chilling and I got a
little I got a stowaway coming with us
tonight
it's me got the sunset guys awesome
so
Liza and I are heading back home I took
the Jeep and the baby and Veronica and
the boys have to go their cousin Emma
stay in the night tonight so I gotta go
get clothes for her and they're gonna
have a sleepover baby Liza didn't make
it as soon as I came home she was fast
asleep in her little car seat and I
actually got her out changed her butt
and she was still sleep so I put her in
bed and that's where she's little baby
look I've had these white sharks for so
long and I hardly ever wear them and
this is exactly why look what I got all
kinds of don't even know what that is on
there and spilt some lasagna on me here
they're ruined Colin I know unless I
bleach em but I don't know if that's
gonna come out no no no no no no no
pillow fights tonight no no no
Eliza's sleeping so you guys need to be
good morning I thought I would tell you
guys the story my story of uh fatherhood
and how I perceive fatherhood I don't
know if I ever said it in the vlogs but
my dad Ron who you always see in the
vlogs that's my stepdad I never really
knew my real dad I don't even know what
he looks like to be honest I really
don't I don't have the desire to meet
the guy because he left he left me when
I was born and and then comes wrong he
raised me from a kid from a baby
he helped change my diapers he helped
teach me right and wrong he showed me
what it was like to be a real father and
I think that that's where I get a lot of
my principles from today and how I
raised my children and I just want to
give this huge shout out to my dad
Ron who raised me from a child when he
had no obligation to do so and it's
helped me redefine the meaning of
fatherhood you don't have to be the
biological father to be a great father
and if you ever find yourself in that
position to assume someone else's kid
after you know after a failed
relationship you have the opportunity to
be someone that this kid looks up to to
be a superhero and it's the most
incredible gift that you could ever ever
give right yeah do you love your dad
yeah go get your bathing suit on I guess
I just wanted to tell you guys that
being a father you know in light of
Father's Day being a father is the
greatest title that you could ever
assume it changes your life
it creates purpose and it will make you
see the entire world and a completely
different perspective happy Father's Day
you and I and all of us are the world's
greatest superheroes that's my story I'm
gonna finish my coffee and get the kids
in the pool because that's what they
want to do and I hope you guys have a
most incredible rest of your day thank
you guys so much for watching we'll see
each and every one of you right back
here tomorrow
