guys I'm so sick of this weather past
three four days it's been raining soggy
nasty it's just I want to go do
something fun it's Father's Day by the
time you see this so happy Father's Day
to everyone out there what am i doing
today I'm hanging out with my buddy
Scott Scott showed up Blaz Blaine the
boys are inside it's their turn on the
well I'll show you yeah we got the
surround sound on playing call of duty
advanced warfare zombies on carrier
loudest can be are you guys having fun
Kersey
he always jumped his kid jumps veronica
is actually over at her friend Lindsay's
house Scott's wife they're doing the
jamberry nail's party thing so yeah I
can only imagine what that looks like
right now
and what do we do while the girls are
away we order Donatas that's that we
order I found my hacky sack see we're
not gonna wait for the pizza to get here
on the couch watching the kids play
games well we're gonna play hacky sack
Scott you still got it he's here already
yes Dena toes my man we've been waiting
for you brother serious this is no joke
we're not gonna prank you're dreaming
stupid we just love the pizza guy you
know to me that did not last long
they're actually pretty quick yeah you
know for Saturday yeah well it's time to
eat now as father's day we're gonna he
doesn't help his father look even though
I got pizza I still got myself a salad
oh and that was like crap hot wings oh
my gosh they're all wet what it looks
like a disaster in here Hey ladies how
was your day
yeah dang look at all these girls walk
in we lucky oh you're the camera woman
oh that's fine that's fine I turned that
salad into something special cut up some
of the boneless wings and put in there
with Lindsey's finger and everything
adds some Ranchettes it's gonna be so
good Scott oh dude why is your nose
bleeding that's what it does oh my gosh
seriously Lizzie is it gonna start
pouring out yeah thank you
must be this high altitude we're at No
now you see why the thumbnail was what
it was
look look who showed up to hang out with
us tonight mother
PJ says there's fireworks tonight it's
the new plot you're still bleeding the
new plug get ahold ham roll there change
look you guys are in the vlog my first
periscope session mm-hmm first periscope
pretty cool you like it I like it I like
all the hearts you guys love us and
that's so fantastic you know why because
we love you too this is so cool we could
say there's so many people at once twice
I want to see this comment feed go
hyperspeed when we say bye all right
ready here we go all right guys
successful first periscope bye see you
later
we'll see you tomorrow the poor feet
can't even keep up that's awesome these
guys and you can't stop it are you guys
really leaving yeah we just started
having so much fun on our first
periscope
I guess well there's fluffy you missed
out everyone wanted to see him well
thanks for coming over
I'm glad you played hacky sack with me
are you gonna be messed up tomorrow oh
yeah I got your quad riding tomorrow man
trail rod keep keep your eye on that
nose dude oh my gosh my boys good to see
you
please see ya how do send me goes oh we
worst you're a sick part a couple of
days ago I'm a Tyrannosaurus Rex got out
an old man in in side of the rest of the
restroom place
toilet and then turns miss Rex crash
into the toy it crashed in to the
restroom place and then some old men and
then ate him
he ate the old man yeah completely
you saw that the tip here's the guy oh
oh they choked on his hat or something
no tell our gladiators goodnight buddy
second night Carson my little tired a
little darling
hole all right so the fun and excitement
is over for today I'm gonna hit the sack
and get some rest for tomorrow as
Father's Day well today my time cease
but tomorrow for me tomorrow morning's
Father's Day so let me try a little
magic trick and hypnotize you guys in
the mirror
look right into the lens keep looking
all the way people looking keep looking
and you'll see that just like that it's
morning
it's morning on Father's Day but there's
no breakfast already made
there's no breakfast in bed what the
heck one thing I do have is my coffee I
don't know many clean coffee cups after
he's this one I just got a shower and
the boys came upstairs and said here
daddy and they handed me these beautiful
cards but I want to spring to the table
so you could see this one's from Carson
oh thanks to you okay let's see happy
Father's Day and there's dad Colin
Carson baby Liza mommy with her long
hair nice this is the grass yeah okay is
that your foot I love you hand and foot
thanks dude all right this one's Colin's
happy Father's Day daddy there's mommy
daddy me Carson Liza
okay what's this our house no that's our
TV that's our TV Wow oh there's your
hand we love you daddy
let's get lots movie Oh candy at the
movies I said it yesterday but we didn't
go last night so I think yeah we should
definitely let's go to the movies okay
today you're soon very soon we have a we
have a Father's Day get-together at my
parents place so
have to be there for I'm pretty sure we
can catch a movie before then what do
you say okay high five make a lot mmm
yeah we're gonna get our Father's Day
celebration going strong the Sun is
actually out which is very surprising
well it's partly cloudy so it's not
fully out but we're gonna go and have
some fun we'll catch back up with you
tomorrow where we go hang out and have
barbecues in the whole holiday business
so thank you guys so much for watching
happy Father's Day to all you father's
out there and we'll see all of you right
back here
