alright guys so you've asked for it
we're gonna do another fan mail video we
got some stuff that you guys sent in I
can't wait to open it Carson's really
excited about this box here alright
check it out boy Harry good Oh is enough
here's some short socks for Carson hope
they fit in the colors are in such are
up here keep up the great videos good
someone is saying your shorts up I think
that's probably because they saw the
video where you got really upset about
having to wear long socks it was poori
those aims hurry thank you video got new
zealand cameron pascal lolly scramble
pineapple lumps we got some waka can fab
you fabulicious oh that these are it is
milk bottles but they're like circus
peanuts
play it safe I'm milk no models not bad
not bad Cameron wants us to dry the
suites with Eliza Eliza can't have this
yet not yet absolutely not all right
Cameron from New Zealand thank you so
much for these sweets we're going to
totally enjoy them no I opened try this
Raamo age is like right after the young
Canada is after not bad at all Mason is
tired when he's writing this Ellen p.m.
first I'd like to say congrats on your
beautiful girl the boys are such great
brothers I actually took a class last
trimester where last trimester hey
thanks for the note Mason I appreciate
your words brother ki bet Frank Frank
sorry Frank it's to the chase your
family my name is Frank night I just
want to say that I love your videos and
right in the future I've been watching
your video since the start and more to
to come and you you your family get are
some that some of you guys make me laugh
and I watching me walk here every day
and move to
and congrats on the new Holy Family she
is such a line hoping to find a special
to find that special someone
you guys are like a family all right
Frank we love the words brother so glad
for you to be watching us and don't
worry dude money will come it will come
that's hi my name is Zachary I am 14
years old I have been washing your video
for one year I have loved the vlogs keep
up the good work say hi to the family
for me from Zachary pains PS hope you
like the drawings PP is all free handed
please put in the blog done Robert we
got your letter and we totally totally
dig what you said in it and thank you
thank you we'll send you an e-mail
personally robert west palm beach
florida we'll see what frickin West Palm
Beach has it hey your rice arias my
handwriting is bad but I like to
congratulate you and you in Barranca and
on Eliza Eliza she's very cute and
may God bless her I am 8 years old up
that this is why I write bad her number
one fan rubber suit nice Robert thank
you so much for writing us a letter even
though you write bad I don't think I bad
my writing looks worse this is from Jake
dear Gilroy's my name is Jacob 14 about
to turn 15 I've been watching your vlogs
for over a year they're very
inspirational and entertaining your how
to channel is great has been very
informational to me awesome you have a
very beautiful family in your very
inspiring person you I know you do not
get a lot of credit behind camera
filming or Roman and other youtubers but
you very well deserve it I have a
fishing channel of my own I would like
for you to go check it out and please
tell all the gladiator students channel
name is JP roll hun wool wo h lk h ue t
er I'm not gonna ask for a t-shirt but
it would be cool if you could leave your
signature down below and maybe the rest
family too yay I want to keep this maybe
we could do something else and send
postcards backers what's hard yeah man
we can source me yeah maybe we can do
postcard Nathan Jansen hey Gilroy's my
name is nathan and i am going to be a
gladiator for life my life is full of
sports good window to the ball soccer
and basketball i am a boy scout which i
do service projects hours and countless
acts of likeness to help our society
I've seen the vlogs of Colin and Carson
play soccer football tell them good luck
and they have very long life lessons so
long Nathan Jensen Nathan I could
progress you up with the follow on
instagram I don't see why that would be
a problem at all Jonathan sent us a very
original piece and he is a gladiator
Jonathan Carlin is the bloodier I'm down
you up please put in the vlog there it
is right there hey Gilroy love the vlogs
you need to make Frank channel I'm 12 my
name's Samuel up baby she's cute look
you all peace Barry oh hey Samuel very
punctual Sam thank you i appreciate the
letter artwork please ok it works oh
it's freaking gladiator in sign language
ok so G a all right dan from Singapore
thank you this is dan dance my number
one fan blogs exactly the same as taking
the drug get addicted every day congrats
for your newborn baby I don't know why
you still my number one blogger keep
funny safe every time all right please
upload your blog ASAP because i can't
wait for tell veronica i love whenever
she closes the bulb like tomorrow six
months of grit gilroy family you can put
it in the vlog if you want from dan in
Sam for Dan drew this heart awesome all
right ah this is from Jake Jake is 13
and lives in Canada he watches the vlogs
every day the zipline vlog was great I
agree I really liked that video I
thought that was a cool if I had to pick
a group of vlogs that I would go back
and watch again and enjoy I think the
zip line one would be 1 i'm so excited
for legends awesome I've been watching
since November
if you hook me up in the autograph I'd
be the happiest person on earth but I
only want one if you have extra I got
autographs all day Jake tell Colin
Carson they're great at soccer and
football whatever you want to follow it
and they keep practicing because
practice makes perfect mm-hmm the vlogs
are great and there is some xbox
microsoft points for the boys in the box
below stopped dead in its tracks to put
their like do you wanna how many points
twelve thousand ten dollar DLC I mean by
next game ya know 10 no that's not Eliza
okay so so yeah I'm the only one left
for fan mail but thankfully we got
through all of it thank you guys so much
for your letters thank you so much for
the candy from New Zealand what a cool
experience have candy from some other
country awesome and yeah that's all the
fan mail we got today guys make sure if
you would like to send us fan mail you
send it to p.o box 601 Miller court Ohio
430 46 and yeah we love you all mmm
Eliza just woke up from her nap so hmm
that's all we got they thank you guys
for the fan mail will catch you on the
next one
you
