every time I make this drive I always
stop at the same spot to go pee it never
fails my bladder can only last that long
so today I'm going to try and beat my
bladder
let's go what are you doing in there
we're here so I made it you can probably
tell by my surroundings where I'm at
this is Dennis Roady we're already
cooking your car he koukin giving you a
shish kebab leftover okay I'll take it
do that drive every time I Drive here I
was telling them right before I left
every time I Drive down here no matter
if I pee before I go or not as always
this one place and it I always stop the
same exact place which one the Alamo
tinder no it's after Tanger it's the
pilot I'll pilot yeah and I didn't make
it again and I literally peed right
before I left
well dude I didn't make it I think there
are conditions like that spot let me try
looks like it's olive walking past a
fire hydrant just like a this dog went
eight times
really how do you go into stands there
and like nothing's coming up well it's
either that or I'm 32 years old and my
bladder has reached its passing here
don't throw up our age why not
I'm probably 32
goal Oh before we head out to film I
want to tell you guys today we're
filming a video this is one of those
good videos feel-good video where you do
something nice for somebody else
and clearly you have to wait to see the
video to see we're talking about you
might get a few hints or tips along the
day but these are fun videos to film
because I don't know it kind of brings
out the best in people to do something
nice for somebody else and see their
reaction it just feels good do you agree
I like that I like it the most because I
feel like it inspires other people to go
out and do something awesome good that's
the whole you know what that's a good
point because I see a lot of people like
say someone on the internet does a video
where they help out the homeless and
then they get a lot of hate in the
comments because they're selfishly
videotaping themselves doing something
good why can't they just do it without
videotaping it that's not the point the
point in videotaping it and showing you
guys is to show you that you can help
other people too it's it's not so much
for the noter of the personal notoriety
it's it's to show you guys the internet
our job is to put things in your face so
we want to put stuff in your face to say
hey if you can help the homeless do it
if you can help somebody else make their
day better do it will reason why I do it
is because I feel like there's way
videos under a lot of the videos I've
done pranks and several of people
operate you're trying to balance the
scale
look I had a huge platter everybody's
watching so it's like okay I don't want
to show them to go out there and just
mess what people also want to show hey
you can also go out there and do
something nice routine that's good we'll
leave it at that this couldn't be a more
irritating situation we're in the middle
of filming we've got one good solid
reaction so far we just saw a woman who
could have certainly used the help that
we're given today and Dennis Dennis's
card is frozen because of his frequency
in transactions at this location that
mom could definitely be used to help and
it sucks that she got away without it
yes she worked there
one of the most perfect scenarios just
happened and I can't even believe that
we got it on tape because so good
because it's happened before
where I do these kind of good deed
videos and then people like will do
exactly what I did the next person right
that's awesome
and that's exactly what just happened
it's like perfect perfect pay-it-forward
situation boom right here just happening
but when have ready to buy me two
fingers I'm sorry as my new bionic arm I
just yawns those two action do I love it
when that's like the most permits just
like I think it's in human nature like
when something good happens it's
contagious yeah and they just they have
to do it yeah sometimes I think people
would do it more often if they could and
some people I can't so they just accept
the blessing and appreciate okay and
then some people are like this is so
much I got I gotta do the same thing to
somebody else it was good to see that
truly but the blessing for me right now
and be good at it you know this cargo it
is pretty hot back here I got my ball
sweat Scott Baldwin I didn't edit the
vlog yet so it's like almost five
o'clock and the vlogs just gonna go up
dennis has pretty fast internet so
that's that's good never I'm vlogging
away from my house or other people's
places to try to be respectful of their
property and not film their surroundings
but I want to show you guys the sky look
at the sky it's like it's gnarly
all I could hear was thunder as I'm
trying to get this video uploaded and it
is about to go nuts didn't the stairs
back up he went to get Alexander traffic
why cuz he's still sleeping
but like you look at Dennis's hair and
then Alexander's here he's got so much
hair she doesn't but you had hair I
thought I was his age I had just say
'mother hair hopefully he doesn't look
like had the whole he doesn't have my
ear
you guys should go back and look at some
old videos where Dennis Roady had like
this and like this something like this
yeah is sketch videos oh yeah yeah I
like it yeah I'm in your mud ah what is
it laughs this is voice so funny ha ha
ha hey you two have fun
they're just a couple boys playing with
the balls ha ha I guess why Alexander
see you buddy
bye dude deer in headlights
usually the gas pump goes pretty fast
I'm surprised to see one that actually
goes slow
ah home sweet home so dark already baby
girl hey there sweetheart
hi have you been doing this with them
all day
Oh Oh Liza doesn't like it she's so
upset
oh no I'm recording you guys no really
yeah I'm so hungry I'm reheating last
night's and chill out of the cold
enchiladas that's the thing with me like
sometimes when I'm out working and doing
stuff and I'm busy sometimes I don't
even stop to eat that's my problem why I
like stay so skinny it's because it's
not that I don't want to eat
I just I'm focused on getting stuff done
so I just forego eating
alright just finish eating and the boys
want me to go outside help him catch one
yeah do you think we'll still be able to
see them fireflies lighting Lancers look
fireflies are the same thing yeah
fireflies I call them fireflies you can
call any bugs you can call them go on
toxic blood if you want alright
I know it's gonna be dark I don't know
if you guys will be able to see them let
me just try to get a still shot here
yeah there isn't that many out right now
and see if you there's a really big
Firefly right here I found him I'm gonna
catch him yeah ah we couldn't really
catch any it's too hard to see them now
it's too dark we'll try again tomorrow
night I'm fluffy I fell be kidding oh
she's like don't touch me dude fresh
strawberries whipped topping angel food
cake what could I possibly be making
with this I'm about to get down on some
serious strawberry shortcake oh and it
just hit me all of a sudden I'm freaking
what Hummer bed I'm losing my voice hey
you're just on Oh tomorrow morning you
guys we're going to announce the Garmin
Phoenix three winner I hope you guys are
excited PS the winners argument chosen
because he was the first guessed the
number but I didn't put scammer down
oh hi sweetheart
good morning Eliza is turning into a
true girl that sleeps all day I've been
I got up at 7:30 expecting her to be
awake and she wasn't it's now almost 9
o'clock you are so cute
so yeah I'm sitting down eating my
breakfast and I just think that's that's
where we're gonna leave you guys today
we we don't have anything much to do
because the waves crashed we're just
gonna kind of chill out today now feel
like there's something I'm supposed to
do I is just something I'm supposed to
do hmm what are we supposed to do mmm hi
guys so that's all we have for you today
I yeah there's something I'm supposed to
do wait it's Friday right
yeah it's Friday oh I'm supposed to
announce the winner of the Phoenix 3
giveaway the rules were simple all you
had to do is go follow Carmen outdoor
and leave a comment on that photo of me
with the jelly beans these jelly beans
and the first person to guess correctly
how many jelly beans are in the jar gets
to win the watch Oh we'll have the
winner right here
and the winner is horn
I gotta do my hair alright that's better
so before we announce the winner my tell
you the correct number of jellybeans in
the bar in the jar the correct number of
jellybeans in the jar it's 559 559 jelly
beans in the jar the winner of the
Garmon Phoenix 3 is instagram user ha
all right so the winner is
instagram user suspense is killing you
isn't it Keegan Ward zero three zero
eight Keegan was the very first person
to correctly guess 559 jellybeans
congratulations Keegan I'm going to
follow you on Instagram and send you a
direct message so that I know you are
you and and then shoot me back a
response with your address and we'll get
this thing shipped out to you to
everyone else who enter to win thank you
so much for participating don't be mad
we'll have other giveaways in the future
and make sure you guys give a special
thank you and shout out to Garmin for
hooking you guys up with the opportunity
to win this thing so there you have it
the watch has been won look forward to
the next giveaway I can't wait to see
all of you guys right back here tomorrow
you
