these kids always making messes ha good
morning guys welcome to today movie
starring with ice cream seal and sugar
cub
wait that's cookie dough you know what
you go
no chocolate chip still got my camera
stuff on the table if you saw
yesterday's vlog I did or the Q&A or
showed you all my camera stuff which I
thought was pretty cool if you haven't
seen it go back and watch it which I'm
sure I'd have brought if you just came
back from the store and replenished some
of our food stock and to the guy who
commented about the bananas being brown
I didn't get to that because and I
thought that was a really cool technique
what you commented but they threw the
banana away before I could get to it so
we'll try that with one of these because
I'm sure one of those will go Brown
there's a Fox back there Eliza Eliza
I just caught this Fox running through a
yard
frickin box lunch that was good
oh look who's here what's up pax buddy
ha ha ha dude how's your day so far
wait yeah it's pretty soggy hey but good
for you because you got the day off
PJ works in landscaping so obviously
landscaping doesn't really work out too
well sorry the four-wheeler hey PJ are
you ready to tackle this course PJ did
some homework and it's clear and obvious
that this four-wheelers Chinese okay so
even if we completely F up this
carburetor a brand-new replacement to my
50 bucks
gotta love songs so we're gonna go in
the garage and crack open this
carburetor in case you don't know this
is the carburetor just well not that but
this guy right here we're gonna take
that off PJ you're gonna tell me how all
right yes sir
step 1 you've already completed step 1
Oh take off the fuel line take your
lines off boom
Clarence good september's carburetor oh
these bolts
so little yet so many moving parts how
does this work
all right you got a jet here and a jet
here those jets push out gas like uh
turns it into a vapor that slide down
there because you hit the gas slide
opens up oh nice
the more obviously the farther it goes
more air and more gas you get faster
your bike goes alright since it's a
youth and it's governed it goes to I
can't believe there's it much in there
you guys just super like me really
fluttered it cuz it shouldn't be that
maybe the carb don't need clean maybe I
was flooded the crap I have it there was
a good bit of gas in there let's see if
we can put it back together and see if
let's start now maybe it's not
alright we got it back on let's see see
what you got you have to hold him to
break pretty far ready
holy crap here keep it a half well half
throttle a little bit
gringo that's what I'm talking about PJ
hey the tires are kind of flat
yeah warming up she's burn dude
that's good work
here's the thing all we had to do pull
this drain out the carburetor because
they had way too much gas and a truck
full of gas
- four - yeah
and this show has to be up for run and
down for show I always had it backwards
J you did it I decided to come check on
the pool because we got a lot of rain
look at what's going on here I figure
it's filled so much more water into the
pool look this is all the floaty thing
came out obviously this got so full that
it overflow over it overflowed it was
over
yeah look this is all flooded damn it
looks like book I like out here man it I
know right no this is the opposite of
bucket lick this is how we celebrate the
four wheeler victory we're gonna play
some Xbox one Mortal Kombat okay the
only curricula games is it you sure
honey would you make for dinner deliver
the chef's specialty big chicken
chimichangas chicken chimichanga mm-hmm
take shredded chicken a pound of that a
bag of peas Mexican style cheese an 8
ounce block of cream cheese and a
teaspoon and a half of taco seasoning
and mix it all together and then put it
on your tortilla shells and fold them up
like that in the oven wait for 15
minutes each side top with more cheese
and green onions and sour cream and
support YUM I got too excited before I
started eating but these chimichangas
what it were you seriously super you
know me a while super good good what you
see outside how it's all crappy and
rainy and stuff you know and all that
stuff let's say we uh you gonna watch it
you want to open fan mail yes we do have
some fan mail like it open you an open
fan mail okay
so right now we're gonna open fan mail
but fan mail is going to be a separate
video I feel like some of you guys would
prefer theme of you separate videos so
that's what we're gonna do so I hope you
watched fan mail and right after this
we're gonna watch chappie
good morning guys
so we fell asleep last night watching
chappie and then woke up later in the
evening and I decided to rewatch what I
missed when I fell asleep
chappie was a really good movie and it
struck an interesting idea in my head
like if you haven't seen chappie yet
this may be a bit of a spoiler so you
might want to cover here the movie
included this idea that consciousness
was transferable consciousness being
something tangible that you could copy
and move to another robot or person in
this case a robot and I thought how
crazy an idea is that because we can
measure brain waves and neural activity
activity so what if we could capture the
the makeup of someone's consciousness
the soul what makes me me what if we
could copy that and move it to another
body if you haven't seen the movie that
doesn't make a lot of sense but watch
chappie you understand what I'm talking
about it's a good movie I think was
pretty cool it's directed by the same
guys that made district 9 and I don't
know I don't know I wasn't crazy about
the whole some of the character
development was kind of wacky but Hugh
Jackman was in it so that was cool
anyways I'm up early 8:30 to get ready
I'm getting ready to go drive a couple
hours down south to work with a good
buddy of mine who just came back in town
and we're gonna film some videos so
we're going to cut this off for now and
then I'll pick up with you guys when I
get down there so I apologize if today's
videos a little short we're not going to
do Q&A and I don't think we'll do that
every day we'll try and do it every
couple of
or something I enjoy answering you guys
questions like I said before it kind of
gives us a sense of heightened
connectivity a little more engagement on
the channel and I think that's important
so that's why we do that so that's all
for me today guys thank you so much for
watching
we'll see you right back here tomorrow
