alright guys we took the first half the
day off but it's sunny now no more rain
we're gonna jump in the pool so our pool
is functional this feels good she thinks
I'm gonna try and pour our in the pool
come here you're too hard to catch
you're too hard you should just jump in
with us you're not now you didn't I
can't believe you didn't tell me how
ridiculous I looked wearing my tank top
yesterday I was editing and I was
looking at myself on the trampoline cuz
Veronica said I was turning sideways
during my my front flips and I look so
ridiculous with my farmer's tan you just
so you know what I did I went ahead and
put tanning oil on the parts of me that
are white in an effort to kind of even
things up is that a good idea was it
good come here what are you what are you
testing you check in the pool what's it
look like
harnesses whoa hi Corinne as well the pH
is five equities
I about oil so much about pool
what are you gonna do about it you
realize pH is acidity pH is the
difference between acidity and base base
right a high pH is highest is it a sick
no yes huh read it read it figure it out
and while you're figuring that out I
want you to help me figure out we need
to figure this out together because out
here in the yard I've noticed for the
past few days these little tiny bugs
teeny teeny tiny little bugs they keep
biting us I've noticed every time I come
outside no matter what time of day it is
there's these little bugs you can barely
see them and they are highly attracted
to like bright colors particularly white
Elijah was out here earlier with her
white hat and the bugs were all over it
yes so together we need to figure out
what kind of bugs are these and how do
we get rid of them because they are
annoying and they bite so you found the
answer what's the answer that's an air
measurement relative acidity and
basicity of water on a scale of 0 to 4
14 a pH of 7 denotes neutrality if pH
below 7 indicates water is acidic pH
above 7 shows water is alkaline or basic
so the lower the number the more acidic
it is so what you're saying is I was
wrong
it's okay I can admit that but now you
know but now you're gonna get thrown on
the pool yeah you're on the trampoline
honey what are you gonna work are you
gonna do a front side role or something
if you watch the vlogs every day you
know that a couple days ago the voice
this punk band was broken again so I'm
gonna fix it again
before I start looking Veronica
Veronica Maui
we're going to tag-team the mode but
while she's doing her part
I'm gonna fix I'm gonna fix this it's
done I just need to put it on there I
choose this board because honestly I
thought I had some character I wasn't
mad about the end being rounded there
it'll serve its purpose now I'm gonna
start mode you need to explain to me how
on earth you get a push right a push
mower stuck what are you doing doughnuts
where you drift in the drag racing or
something you liar all I had to do is
one good yank on it
it was a yank in a twist and a who's
counting anyway it's out I'll make a
deal with you I'll trade you straight up
maybe for a lawnmower
baby
now that veronica made it dark outside
she made it dark I don't I gotta finish
this it's not done it's not done
of course that's why I'm gonna fix this
right here and this right here you guys
gotta learn to not jump on your beds and
I can say that this wood is not the best
choice this flimsy crap right here
don't nope are you crazy get down you
didn't tell her gladiators good night
mmm person you can tell the gladiators
good night
that's how it's done
that's how I love my coffee little bit
of creamer a little bit of sugar perfect
supposed to do this all day rain rain
let's find them we need it all right so
I promise you guys some Q&A let's get to
it okay time for some question and
answer if you guys hear kid music in the
background that's that's because I'm
desperately trying to distract the kids
will I finish up this part of the video
a lot of the questions in today's
comment section seem to evolve a lot
around cameras and camera gear and what
kind of cameras I use and what was my
first camera and what's the best DSLR so
let's start at the top I pulled out all
my old camera gear and I wanted to show
you guys info like what all I have this
is all of my current camera gear with
the exception of the camera that I'm
currently holding and that is this Sony
so what was my first camera well the
first camera that I bought was this Sony
I don't even know what model it is it
was just a Sony camera I think at the
time this camera was like 260 bucks but
I was really drawn to this camera
because they had 10 megapixels and I
thought that the quality was just
superior on this camera so I got it and
this I bought long before I started
vlogging so I used it as like my main
camera and I really got to know this
camera and it helped me develop my
passion for photography because you
could change and shoot manual the
shutter speed the ISO
and the aperture setting so I could mess
with this camera and get the types of
you know shots that I wanted to get
let's move on when I very began first
began vlogging I got this elf 110 HS
Canon Powershot and it was Full HD
that's the only reason I got it and it
was small and affordable which leads me
to the answer for one of your questions
they want to buy a DSLR what's the best
one to get started taking photography my
advice to get the camera that you want
to start taking photography is the one
you can afford buy a camera that you can
afford that has manual settings and
start from there my next point shoot
camera that I got was the 3 4 ths I have
another one of this very same one it's
actually on the car you might remember I
dropped it in the lawnmower so it's all
like scratched up and stuff totally
still works and I would totally use it
in a pinch if I had to this again is
full HD 1080 the next point shoot that I
got the Canon s110 a really good camera
the quality is perfect but these cameras
go for like 280 bucks or something like
that pretty expensive for a
point-and-shoot but it does the job the
only thing I don't like about this
camera is that it clicks when you hear
the autofocus and it picks up in the
microphone so I don't really like that
camera
the first DSLR I ever got was this Nikon
d50 100 and I got it with this 18 to 55
millimeter lens it's a kit lens it came
all together in this package
I think together it was somewhere around
$700 this camera was the first camera
that I ever really got to know
photography and for everyone out there
who buys DSLRs and uses it on auto stop
if you're ever gonna take pictures that
you are gonna be proud of put your
camera in manual and get to know the
triangle of perfect photography aperture
shutter speed and ISO need to know these
things to take beautiful pictures
and if you're not using manual settings
just go ahead and sell your DSLR though
the lens I got with that is the 55 to
200 telephoto lens and a 50 millimeter
prime this is a really good one so this
goes all the way down to 1.8 if you know
anything about aperture aperture is the
value of the camera settings that gives
you that really creamy blurred out
background yeah so you if you're gonna
buy a DSLR and you want to take great
photography use manual settings if I get
enough requests for it I'll do a video
on the how to channel specifically about
shutter speed aperture and ISO because
knowing those settings will help you
create beautiful and incredible images
next up in my lineup of cameras
obviously action cameras you gotta have
GoPros I have three GoPros and I use
these a lot for different reasons
different types of cameras that you want
to use depending on the type of shot
that you're trying to get action cameras
give you this really cool first-person
high action POV unless you put it on a
drone with the 3 axis gimbal then you
get really steady nice smooth wide super
wide fisheye shots but GoPros typically
for mounting on you somewhere and
getting really cool first-person POV
shots my other action camera is the
Garmin VirB this is a verbally pretty
awesome little camera one of my favorite
uses for this particular camera is time
lapse this camera shoots a native
time-lapse so with the GoPros you can
set it in time-lapse but then you have
an image sequence to edit when you shoot
time-lapse with this it's already done I
mean when you plug the card in the
computer the time-lapse is already done
you don't even have to mess with this so
I thought that was really cool
lastly my newest camera the Panasonic
Lumix gh4 I love this camera for a lot
of reasons it's definitely a lot
different from my first camera
the quality's amazing but I mean for a
4k camera you cannot beat the price so I
mean that's that's kind of the
chronology of my camera gear and someone
else asked a question how much have you
paid for your cameras I honestly can't
tell you what I've done and what you
could do to is save up your money and
buy your gear one concept time you don't
have to buy everything all at once all
of these cameras have probably taken me
every bit of eight years to buy
completely buy what you can afford so if
you're looking for a DSLR camera and you
only have a couple hundred bucks find a
DSLR camera that costs a couple hundred
bucks and get to know that camera and
use it to heighten your skills and
photography I suppose if you wanted a
definitive answer on a great DSLR camera
for beginners to get that's low cost I
probably go with one of the Canon t3i t4
eyes those are pretty cheap cameras and
they have manual settings MLB 1276
wanted to ask have you ever looked back
and rewatched your old blogs and thought
to yourself what the Freak was I
thinking when I recorded this the short
answer is oh yeah any good suggestions
on iphone cables shorting out how to fix
we're gonna get stuff like that Mike 88
aka Michael my suggestion
Amazon you can probably get a new cable
for like 10 bucks what is your biggest
regret the building buddy
my biggest regret I don't think I have
any I don't think I have any real
serious regret every decision I've ever
made and everything I've ever done has
led me to this and I have to say that
right now I'm I'm happier in my life
than I've ever been I better hurry
because the kids haven't met I'm happier
in my life at this one that I've ever
been I feel like I've truly found myself
and what I'm supposed to accomplish I
can't say that I regret any single one
thing because if I if I didn't do the
things I've done before I wouldn't be
where I'm at now and that includes Kunik
Buffy's awesome he's pretty rambunctious
earlier he doesn't show off for the
camera though that's for sure once I
catch it you guys gonna be like holy
crap that cat's crazy but I can't I
can't catch him on camera doing anything
crazy he just won't let me I'm gonna
feed the baby she's she's definitely
needing some some daddy time so I'm
gonna set you guys down and let you know
that just I appreciate every single one
of you guys coming in every day and
checking in with us it's pretty awesome
we enjoy doing this or else we wouldn't
do it and if you're new to the channel
thanks for stopping by
and hanging out with us we're so glad to
have you right she's gonna eat your
whole fist that wraps it up for today
thank you so much for watching we'll see
you right back here
