so tired to mess with this pool so tired
of it so we're gonna we're gonna get
this taken care of today do you think
they'll notice we're gonna take all the
pool water from right there just take
this in here put it in here
boom we'll have our pool filled in no
time well if I take a few hours but hmm
all right who just showed up
my little boys hey do you guys want see
what's going on outside come here I'll
show you you already seen it who showed
you shows again okay
I'll show you again what do you think
it's filling up aren't you excited we're
finally gonna get to swim in this thing
you're gonna swim in it no matter what
time it is okay that's cool we'll do it
I'll swim with you to you I'll swim with
you too should be
look you guys I came up with the cure
for my really bad farmer's tan I guess
you call it they're gonna wear a tank
top so I look a little ridiculous
outside with my tank top until I
continue to wear my tank top and my and
my ridiculous farmer's tan goes away we
might also go ahead and call out the
obvious yeah I need to eat some steak I
plan on doing that a little late
guys this is perfect conditions for a
rainbow totally still raining totally
still raining
where I don't see it this is awesome
this is why summer is so great there's
some more than you have an ice cream
cone you just wanted a frizzy pop freaky
pop hmm
you got the cone dude I'm getting in on
that right now my favorite to have is
the sugar cumin sugar cone feel like
taking a dip matter of fact I do
boom voila
we think about make me fall asleep on it
you go you're gonna put on some hip hop
some technology you need utilize it
pumped up this what is this gavage
pumped up kicks'
yeah alright what are you guys up to
tell me you're building a party and one
more sign that's the pool area okay bi K
area that's supposed to be VIP right Oh
VI K is better than VIP this this is the
fixing area where the four-wheeler is I
think we should hang a big sign on the
garage door that says disaster area come
on make a circle around Eliza and then
and then come right out this way I'll
get it all on tape
more extreme we need more extreme who's
this safe what is this safe
yeah yeah everything I do so just wanted
me to find some way to repel the spiders
so he would you search YouTube search
YouTube or something and came up with
this concoction of water little dish
soap and peppermint and I've got these
peppermint bees that are dissolving in
there so I might have to wait for those
to dissolve it's suppose to kill spiders
this turned into a last minute garage
cleaning day
let's got everything all picked up all
the trash and stuff and stuff moved
around and now I'm about to take that
this is my favorite part of sweeping out
the garage and get this big bad boy one
hand just blow it you know what I mean
just blow out good yeah it did good
sometimes you just get your get your
hands dirty a little bit but food for
the food court yeah we got ice cream
cones we're getting ice cream cones and
pretend they're like cheeseburgers huh
the boys have requested that I jump with
them you want me to jump yeah you want
me to do flips and stuff I'll try a clip
Oh
Hey
this is shop open or what Colin you're
the employee you're the seller you're
about to drink that drink did you pay
for it
where's the money where's the cash
register
I didn't see no money go in there did
you steal that what oh so you brought
with you and you're in your satchel in
your man purse no juice in the pool you
might as well get wet too how does it
feel good where you think boys it's not
quite full yet we started this hours ago
it's 8:20 and that's all we got so far
what do you expect uh-oh and the rains
coming back awesome right hey enjoy it
enjoy it for a few minutes then we're
gonna get out get out of here good bye
guys gotta get you out of here this is
the first leg here goes your first tiki
torch dude oh yeah very nice
that's the one I drew these are the
citronella I got citronella fuel so that
it can help drive away some of the
mosquitoes because I bet you back here
it's probably awful I mean I know it's
awful we just got these torches lit now
it's gonna rain
that's alright we're not scared of rain
are we Carson
we're catching lightning bugs oh you got
it that's bad time why don't you see
say good night to everyone : good night
we'll get Carson to say good night to
you gonna say good night did you guys
have fun today in your pool yeah well
tomorrow it'll be completely full and
you'll have even more fun oh no no you
won't it'll be nice and hot up kiddin
it's gonna be so hot and you're gonna be
like oh the pool feels great I might
actually go get a floating raft and
laying it myself scared your lives up to
bed
she calls me well when we're eating we
put her to sleep on the couch
and I just want to say and I think it's
pretty incredible that by now just four
months old right she's already sleeping
through the night
I say already four months she's already
sleeping through the night mostly she's
been waking up at like 6:00 7:00 a.m.
she goes back seat but and she's
sleeping in her own bed I think that's
huge
because I see a lot of new parents they
keep their kids and they sleep with them
right or they still have them in a
bassinet in their room it's just it's so
easy if you just put the kid in its own
bed early on like now like four months
we should have been doing it at three
months but if you just start now when
they're babies they get it we put the
boys to bed it's always been almost I
can't recall a whole lot of instances
where we put the voice of it and they
kept gettin uh yeah
but for the most part our kids have
always slept in their own bed and
they're really good they go to sleep and
they stay asleep they don't get up and
mess around and all that stuff so start
your kids this is just my parenting note
for for new parents start your kids very
very young in their own bed and trust me
you will be so thankful when they start
getting older I mean that's my pace back
up everyone may need their sleep as much
as you need your sleep rest actual full
rest yeah these lights look they're so
bright watch whoo-hoo some bright in
those balls are super bright washings
and bowels
yeah you guys I'll take you outside when
it finishes raining again but the pool
is ready I'm so excited now if we could
just get rid of this nastiness what's
funny is on the other side of the house
check this out
there's like blue skies over there oh
I'm so excited you guys My Father's Day
gift just came I can't show you that
because then you'll see what's inside
let's open this out I'll show you where
we go thanks to my lovely wife this is
like the most awesome perfect Father's
Day gift
I do look bad it's not just the book bag
this is what's going to be able to hold
all of my camera gear and it's perfect
for travel perfect this is a Cinna bag
little girl we need to get a custom
gladiator logo that we can stick there
what do you think bags departments and
zippers and yeah maybe you just put
batteries and mic cables and camera
stuff man that's pretty spot for like a
logo why a wallet or something then look
here that's like a look good I don't
know what that is but it's cooling it
you can put so many different things in
here and that's why I needed a new bag
because I had to carry I had to carry
around two bags for all my stuff and I
didn't like that so you know we had to
get a new bag this is for the computer
the computer there three bags down all
my different stuff here nice I like it
you're taking a shred of snacks yeah
talk to me for snacks that's a good idea
two bags merged into one look how big
this thing is
it's so big you know I put my laptop in
there but I just took it out to see the
weight difference it's it's uh it's very
heavy but thank goodness these straps
are like mega padded and there's so many
pockets now I only the only thing that I
didn't get in there that I wanted to get
is my shotgun mic
so I have to play around the spots to
see if I can fit that these kinds of
things like this
and this I could probably fit open
something else but for the most part I
got my GH for my Nikon all the lenses
all my GoPros all my audio gear all the
cables batteries chargers and I think
that's it there's a ton of stuff in this
bag but I love it it's pretty sick
Branka knows how to do me right on
Father's Day whip you like it likes it
yeah what those boys doin Liza what are
they doing early-morning pool stash this
is awesome Oh battery so I guess I might
as well tell you guys good day for now
and we'll answer some more questions
give me some more questions in the
comments and we'll do the Q&A stuff at
the end of tomorrow's vlog so that's all
we got for you guys today thank you so
much for watching and we can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
