hey guys what's up me analyzer just
hanging out I was finishing my
coordinated uploads between my review
channel and my vlog Channel and the
annotations and all that stuff we're
getting ready to eat and then I don't
know if I mentioned but my parents went
to Sanibel Island Santa Belle I think
and they just flew back in today so
we're gonna go see how their trip went
everyone's doing these summer trips
already and we're we haven't we haven't
taken the summer trip yet but don't
worry we're going to mom ma what are you
making just take some mac and cheese
what fish sticks ah really do we have
horseradish so we can make cocktail soft
nope
whenever I eat seafood fish or shrimp
shrimp is better with cocktail sauce and
then fish stuff is better with tartar
sauce well I always like to make my own
sauces because I know how I like them oh
no you tell me if I'm weird but I like
to put pepper on my cottage cheese does
anyone else do that
I tried pineapple on my cottage cheese
but for some reason the Pooh and I like
cottage cheese but I don't like
pineapple and kind of cheese together
you like that oh my scent look at this
turkey on the table
I think she ate too much
I know it looks dark in here but it's
because there's more freakin storms
coming this this whole week is all
filled with storms the entire ten-day
forecast says all thunderstorm sickness
sucks
if
welcome to Ohio hey I gotta what you're
gonna make me get out in this I know by
the hammer of Thor
the rain has receded that look how awful
that is yeah
look I can I barely see a rainbow can
you guys see it because you need you I
don't know you need I'm fine
no I'm gonna let you guys in on a little
secret something you wanted to know
where it is that I get my swagger I'm
gonna tell you right now I get it right
here I'm gonna try to tell everyone
where I get my swagger you smell it
oh you dropped your glasses dude dude
these things would go perfect with my
shirt written and check this up we think
are you laughing a little small they're
smaller and small this is not blowing on
me they belong on you yeah yeah all
right mom and dad how was Santa Belle ha
ha dad you got sunburned yeah if you
could sum up your island vacation in
three words what would it be ready go it
was hot hot one what about a second one
pricey treasures they don't even tip of
the iceberg once you tell about my other
cameras you tell them where you shipped
back mom a big ziploc bag stuffed
completely full plus another one full of
I don't know 12 to 13 sand dollars a sea
urchin some other kind of weird shell
it's got a tree growing off of it and a
mermaid no what are you guys doing
you're bowling
yeah is it fun yeah yeah we played this
game for a long time huh
oh so close check this out mama Xue Shan
this picture of Uncle Dick and I thought
I'd share it with you guys this right
here this big fella right there that's
uncle dick yeah this isn't well and that
I'm sorry that's aunt dot that's it
little and that's aunt Bev and that's
uncle Martin get out of here I don't
know if I want to be on YouTube
boys are you staying here with Grandma
yeah you're staying here
it's so dark in here watch this watch
this person calling I'm gonna miss you
guys so much I know what are you gonna
give me hugs and stuff I am I I need I
need hugs and stuff I love you buddy
this is weird this is the first time for
a couple weeks that we have had
only one baby now who you just if we
could just find a night where we didn't
have any kids we'd have one heck of a
mini vacation yeah what
well Eliza's asleep Veronica just went
upstairs and I think I just wanna I just
wanna fall asleep too oh sorry
hey what don't look at me like that
don't your feet don't we eat your feet
Oh Liza your feet they're nasty whatever
me and Liza hanging out this morning uh
Branka went to have a brunch with her
girlfriend Jennifer we're just hanging
out Oh why's that
how was lunch with your girlfriend I'm
just gonna say by the way I love that
shirt I do I think it's fantastic
I'm sure it's fantastic did you bring me
back a Chipotle I did not seriously yep
I'm freaking hungry here these bananas
these are black peanut butter and jelly
those are nice and ripe Oh agree with
you on that I asked you
then should have said oh man I'm not
gonna have any leftovers I should bring
shake some Chipotle because he loves
Chipotle so much and he would be so
happy if I brought him home some
Chipotle so here's the deal guys we with
the pool we've we've been fighting like
a lot of the water haulers in our region
won't give us a call back or aren't
accepting new customers for the summer
for whatever reason so we can't get any
of the local water haulers to come out
here and we we talked to the this was
the day that I didn't vlog we talked to
the city and the city came out that
datum measure paces from the fire
hydrant to see how much hose they would
need and he said we can't do it today
we'll do it Monday and then Monday today
rolls around and he can't do it today or
at all because he said he can't run the
hose across the street okay only other
option is to run a hose or hoses from
the neighbor's house that has city water
over to our pool and fill it up and then
pay them the cost of whatever 1700
gallons of water is gonna be so we're
gonna get the pool filled up hopefully
by six seven o'clock tonight and maybe
we'll get some swimming time in so
that's what we're up to when you check
back with us tomorrow that's where
you'll find us so I'm gonna get this
video done so I can start another video
that's all I got for you today thank you
guys so much for watching I can't wait
to see all of you right back here
tomorrow
