well hello everybody and welcome to the
barn it has been quite a long time so as
you guys know birds working and well
it's time for ninjas feet so come along
on this journey because guess who is
here to fill in for Vern today and we've
got some stuff to teach and let's give
them some bar love I can't believe they
talked me into this
yeah so welcome to the vlogs and we're
starting here at the barn because like I
said Veronica is busy and the barriers
here to do horse feed that you know
Clyde you know what I'm talking about
fine look at you he's that hay but I
don't really know what to do or I'm just
going to take all of Tesla's direction
she knows what to do ninja we're going
to get you taken care of today oh but ok
dude what's up buddy I got to get him
out and put him in the cross bed sure
then do I need a leader something come
on that's it so you give another
surprise to most of the pros he's also
getting a follow up on vaccinations did
you know that what a mover that's the
wrong spot with us honey oh we're right
here
don't pain your horse waitress pot pies
burn if you ever send your husband to do
this stuff again oh my god after all
the band's taken the horseshoes off the
front of ninjas hoops and you're where
you're shaping them making them look
right or clatter yep they got to be
level it's a whole big process right
shape into the foot
okay this is me wildly crash course
learning about horses hooves and
horseshoes fair ears listen seriously
though I show up here he's working on a
horse before him I thought it was a WWE
wrestling match the horse did not want
his feet mess with it he he's just just
trying to keep his feet away from the
fair he's like nah not today boy but
you're doing good ninja you're a good
boy Tessa told me you're 20 years old
did you know you're 20 was a good horse
for everyone nothing does it sound like
it's red yeah I know this guy over here
just went like red why do horses wear
horseshoes for the same reason people
wear shoes just to protectively oh okay
so it's just protection so so okay so
we've seen maybe you saw Romans video
where he said the donkey had a chip who
that protects the hooves from chipping
and if you get a chip tooth that's bad
why because that's the foot falling
apart okay so yeah that's bad to protect
the inside of the foot which is the
sensitive structures right like this
this interior part here
well everything inside the foot inside
the hoof capsule wall here protect
everything inside okay so if that
chipped away too much it's no good well
good it so
so your today if I'm going to learn too
you might as well learn with me the
debts are here and they're super
official with like needles and stuff
this is doctor short Hey
hey Doc what are you gonna do we're
going to vaccinate him against disease
ooh that's pretty good yeah okay oh my
gosh I'm nervous right now is this
normal oh look he's he's chill he's cool
tight and nice and you put him in the
same place on both sides yeah oh he's
super happy about this yeah you didn't
mind too much
no he's super kosher we didn't like that
like that when he knew it coming you
must have strong hands and they send a
ha ha ha ha ha
see if I was handed that needle and you
said vaccinate the horse who knows where
I want to put it the same Oh
five hours later including this this
quick is good at then the farrier man
knocked it out new shoes ninja Zoltan
you ready go back to your souls everyone
gee boy man he did really good
didn't you guys yeah it wasn't too bad
but I was told if things not really loud
to do then I'd be asked to come and do
this more often so he was like you
should tell Veronica that ninja was
awful and Dan the farrier fired me and
threw his rats at me so I can't ever
come back but he owns I did really
all right so that part of the day is
done get out of here how school yeah
what do you think about this weather
okay
it's like wicked nice we did have some
storms today and after the storms rolled
through all the humidity that was in the
air
all gone amazing there was rain too it's
poured here oh yeah mm-hmm
oh I forgot I put a hole in my mom come
from them oh oh yes I love I love
shallow um sour gummy worms mmm
I guess not that's how our them we were
previewing Romans log from yesterday so
I you guys know you know my off days I
try and do other things on yesterday I
was filming with Roman and the clips are
now amazing I always like to see how
that footage gets put to youth and look
really well and late last night Tom mabe
was driving home from up in Connecticut
so it's really cool Tom called me it was
like yo I'm going to be driving past
your house would be nice to see you guys
so we got to spend some time at Tom last
night I'm sorry you guys missed that but
that was fun was good to see Tom for
sure all right you ready to go get lazy
let's go mmm what do you got what we're
getting up lie then I'm like anywhere
I'm game
mm-hmm did you miss daddy
oh yeah I'm miss to Chico do like that I
went on my nas arboretum trip yeah into
the trees place hmm
super super bummed out about that don't
know I'm I'm not supposed to be breaking
out I should have clear skin all you
know what it is I ran out of body still
body wash I'm using Veronica sand every
time I do that it's bad news I think it
I think I got sensitive skin existence
today
I mean we had a few of the days in a row
you got to expect a little bit of rain
in the spring time which is fine gave me
some some some time to finish the video
I was working on it looks so nice and I
mean the person that this video was
created for is going to flip probably
going to cry I mean I kind of tear up a
little bit see it girl
those are good girl oh I know you won't
like that rain either new yet
I honestly think echos afraid of the
Lightning because otherwise she wouldn't
be a mess this is her favorite video
straight-up reminds me of a recurring
nightmare I've had is entak just like
the best husband on earth that girl gets
home you got a place spaghetti ready for
you very hungry oh don't even tell me
just finish dinner right and I got a
text from Dave I sent him a preview of
the project that I'm working on for him
lavoy says wow wow wow I'm perfect fine
with this just the way it is I'm like
yeah did show her that joint this is
just amazing when someone tells you that
they love it it's perfect it's just
amazing
when you create something for them right
and they give you that kind of feedback
you're doing something right right that
that we've done the best time if you
guys gotta go to bed and it's important
day for car tomorrow why because what
are you doing tomorrow Carson you're in
a play like a real legit play like
you're gonna be like a character and
you're gonna act everything
well not you'll see much we bid Logan
wait we're gonna see tomorrow why wait
you only play here
and
ah
be careful oh man boon to the big flood
we gotta wait for Kirsten to get out of
there
free play wrap up deal the worst playing
on this leg Rob she's going why the
person you played the best fighter I've
ever seen in my life
seriously dude high five high five score
dad oh yeah oh yeah that was a that was
a fun performance nice little kids kids
deal and that's pretty much where we're
going to wrap up today's video and play
enjoy some of the sunshine and I wanted
to tell you guys that I was given the
permission to show you the video that
I've been working on for Pastor Dave he
already showed it off and everybody
loved it so before we end and leave you
guys for today I want you to see that
which we'll play now and with that we
will see you all right back here amazing
McKenna
little head wrapped around my finger and
it's cool quiet world tonight little I'm
its butter cause you're dreamin so I
taught you in turn on your feelings I'd
love to you everything is funny you've
got nothing to recreate give all ahead
honey it could stay like that oh darling
don't you ever grow up don't you ever
grow up stay this little oh darling
don't you ever grow up don't you ever
grow up it can be the sample I will let
nobody hurt you won't let no one break
your no one will desert you just try to
never grow
in the car wait to the movies and you're
mortified your mom's dropping you 14
there's so much you can't do and you can
wait to move out someday and call your
own shots don't make her drop you off
around the block remember she's gettin
older too don't lose the way that you
dance around in your PJs getting ready
for school and oh darling don't you ever
grow don't you ever grow up
see this little oh darling don't you
ever grow up don't you ever grow it
could be this sample no one's ever
burned you no one's ever left you
scarred even though you want to just try
to never grow up
take pictures in your mind of your
childhood
memorize what it sounded like when
you're dead it's cool
remember the footsteps remember the
words to all your childhood favorite
songs
cherish every moment because soon it
will be time to move on
fury our graduation for too long movies
since you all new adventures surely
awaiting new friends new school and then
a job but right before we turn this page
this Father's heart just has to say
I'm proud of how you've grown
I'm proud of how you've grown Oh
dog the day you were born
even lady don't you grown your roots now
spread your we then life destroyed in
time enjoy your life it's okay to grow
