hey guys what's up I'm finishing up
packing my gear from trying to get some
more and finishing my garment review
video for the for the watch and the
giveaway it's turning out pretty well
and I want to start off by saying I'm
sorry I missed you guys yesterday
yesterday kinda wasn't off day for me I
was gonna post a video yesterday
explaining why I wasn't gonna vlog
because well let me just say that we had
a death in the family
his name was uncle dick he lived in
Florida and he was quite old this is my
grandma's next to youngest brother so
she's only got one brother left and she
was pretty upset so I went to hang out
with her yesterday and you know just
kind of be there for her and I just
didn't feel I didn't feel like I should
blog yesterday so I didn't I'm just
trying to move forward yeah now I can't
pretend that I knew uncle dick very well
I probably only met him a handful of
times but what I remember of him was
really positive and that's what I try to
think about and and celebrate in my mind
is the fact that this guy was he's a
funny guy a New Yorker X New Yorker that
lives in Titusville and worked at Sea
World and he had a lot of heart problems
you know people get old to get different
diseases and
I think I think the old heart was the
end of this one so it sucks like I said
I didn't know him very well but what I
did know of him was positive and I think
for me the biggest part of my emotional
stress yesterday was on my grandma's
behalf because I mean she lost her
brother and now she's only got one left
there's my update on yesterday now I'm
packing up the gear in the trunk my
dirty trunk and we're gonna go hang out
with my buddy Scott Scott and Lindsay
just came back from the Outer Banks
today so Veronica myself and the boys
we're gonna go and see how their trip
went and you know try and have a little
bit of fun at this stop sign would be a
good time to tell you guys how awful the
weather's been today it's been raining
I've had such a hard time today filming
that the rest of that review because it
would rain right as I was I was
finishing the clip it started raining
and then I'd have to stop and then it
would dry out and then it would rain
again so I've been battling the rain all
day just feels so good to know that
right there is the Sun it's coming back
it's awesome and the song remind me of
the rain
wait go slow
oh yeah Scottie I missed you dude yeah
how was the beach great yeah
very hot yeah I got Scott Lindsay just
came back from Outer Banks where we all
usually go but this time you went
without us you I'll be the first time I
know I know now we're even or even so
now we got to go again yeah
together we're like we're like Outer
Banks Beachbody's yeah we have to go to
the beach together I say we go somewhere
even more awesome dude yeah like an
island I want to go to an island really
bad our banks is fun but I think going
to like a Caribbean island would be so
awesome
imagine the footage I could get on the
islands Scott just came home a couple
hours ago and he's already cooking on
the grill oh we're having a relaxing day
huh
so did you catch a lot of weather yeah
it's been awful here all day yeah look
at this little darling hi baby girl
yeah sweetheart did you take him to the
pool in a storm we was gonna go back to
Thor no pool and
stupid storms stupid pool closures you
missed out on your pool huh yeah she's
so happy time to make that plate but the
baby's Restless she wants to be held
you know how hard it is to do things
with one hand but I find very quickly
when you have kids they're doing
something with one hand becomes
second-nature
I mean it's not that hard but you get
the idea try imagine waking up at 3
o'clock in the morning making a bottle
with one hand and she's screaming in
your ear the whole time he did it it's
not fun there's nothing look at this we
stumbled across a little mini video
village here
all the kids are seating their hot dogs
and watching YouTube what are you guys
watching is it oh it's coupon that's
pootie pie man hey what are you guys
watching Oleg
lego ninjago and that's cool yeah I can
remember back when I was a kid something
summertime this is the best time weren't
they Scott yeah when you're a kid
summertime is all about playing outside
and the sprinkler and doing whatever the
heck you want I wish we could go back
hey did you have fun playing with the
boys yeah yeah you guys were pretty loud
up there was like it's one of those
situations where we're sitting down here
hanging out and all of a sudden I think
the ceiling fans gonna come crashing
down the floor
you guys are rough all right wise this
backed up Scott Lindsey we're so glad
you're home dude
I know Veronica's been dying to hang out
some females all right now we're gonna
check back on you guys as soon as we
pull back in the garage okay I know I
know exactly what this picture is gonna
look like ready you're asleep nobody
these guys have fun with their friends
today you miss your friends yeah yeah oh
I forgot I forgot yesterday they had
their cousin Noah spend the night and
look what happened again they're missing
one before yeah so I have to fix the bed
again because they are jumping on it you
guys did something there you go nice
cozy little bed right there on four I
know where it's at no that's it okay
tell our gladiators good night we missed
him yesterday Mary Carson got him to bed
honey
yeah I think we're just gonna think
we're just gonna skip this part
and skip right to breakfast and coffee I
just want to get to that part
it's my favorite part coffee coffee with
no coffee mug they're all dirty hey love
you boys playing some Pokemon who's
winning who's winning oh yeah why was
she luck I wish you boys luck may the
best man win
Veronica what are you doing you're
getting some cleaning some cleaning done
some vacuuming that vacuum sounds like
the devil well until we buy a new one it
still works it literally sounds like one
of those carpet cleaner vans there pull
into the house and you can hear it
throughout the whole neighborhood I bet
you the neighbors just got scared and
woke up it's like oh my god what's going
on I'm about to head outside to finish
getting a couple more shots I was
working on my video and give me a couple
more shots for the Garmon video and I'm
hoping maybe I can finish that by the
end of today I want it to be good you
know I mean I'm trying to mix up style
and make things different I'm putting up
the finishing touches on the garment
Phoenix the swatch review I think it
turned out pretty good and I'm excited
for the giveaway I hope you guys
definitely get in on this this is such a
cool watch and I want one of you to win
it you're gonna love it
I promise but you'll get all the details
about the giveaway in the review video
which by the time you see this vlog the
review video will be up so make sure you
head over and watch it
I'll leave the annotation at the end of
this vlog so you guys can just click
over to watch it definitely let me know
what you think and I think that's all
for us today so I'm gonna set this
camera down finish everything up and as
always I will see all of you right back
here tomorrow
