alright guys we're gonna go exploring
today a little place called old man's
cave you've been there before with us
but now with baby Eliza you guys ready
yeah let's do it
we have too much gear we need like one
of those big all-terrain carts or
something that's not gonna work all
right
emptied our bladders and how we're on to
the trails how cool is that
yeah look how awesome this spot is you
guys I mean it just doesn't you can't
even describe it it's such a massive and
incredible unique landscape environment
this is the first little stop we came to
a long strip look at these roots the
boys are playing in the water and chase
you can see he is going in the water to
get a shot there the video that's
dedication right there right
it's pretty cool here this little girl
loves to be outside so I think it's
awesome
oh you think better what do you think
you tune on your down it just took me
about 30 minutes to get some really cool
footage of all different kinds of stuff
I love changing like camera angles and
perspectives like that's what makes
interesting video is to change
perspective and look at things up close
rather than as a whole I just think that
makes more interesting video
check this out there's this huge
man-made rock bridge right here in this
little I don't know you call the stream
creek whatever comes to this little fall
edge it's a huge drop right over there
but I gotta take my shoes off to get
over there we're gonna do it right now
there's the boys and Bronco down there
let's get you in there
you guys done yet waiting on me huh
yeah okay what
oh she's like man I've had enough of
this bullcrap
she wants to get in and go you weren't
you getting go dude you go go go go go
go
all right guys did you have a blast or
what yeah it's time for us to leave this
area sounds starting to go down get some
food go back home and relax
what you guys just saw is only a very
very small fraction of the old man's
cave Hocking Hills area this what we
just showed you guys is the Upper Falls
old man's cave and then Cedar Falls
there's a whole bunch of other spots but
it's it I think it's like a ten-mile
long hike from the Upper Falls all the
way down we couldn't do that not with
the baby so I hope you enjoyed I hope
you enjoy that's what I'm talking about
a little bit of Bob Evans in my life
you want some Bob Evans Carson yeah Bob
Evans it is and restaurants are so good
at hooking you in open this menu and
then immediately my eyes drawn to this
I think I'm gonna get that smoke
Ellsberg looks delicious
time to eat here's the other thing about
that menu the food that comes out to the
table never looks like it does in the
menu this does not look like the same
burger oh I get it
that's not mine that's yours Oh
parenting caught on tape ha ha ha that
was because Colin refused to say thank
you to Carson for holding the door for
him
you see you have the key I don't know
what you're waiting on so that was
delicious we're gonna go home and veg in
veg Oh shower is dang it guess who just
showed up my boy PJ we just got back
from Bob Evans and PJ texted me on the
way to your home in the area I'm like yo
come over because I don't know if I
mentioned it when I was working on this
last PJ is top dog when it comes to
working on these types of motors mainly
motorcycle motors that one brand yeah
yeah yeah Harley yeah so PJ's gonna help
me figure out what's going on with this
thing it appears we have to we're gonna
actually take the carburetor part and
clean it all out so we will do that on
Saturday PJ's gonna come over Saturday
and help us as everyone else is in bed I
think it's just time for us to skip to
breakfast you know what I mean
oh yeah yeah so why don't we go ahead
and get her a cup of coffee and go out
front enjoy the morning air and answer
some questions all right what were you
thinking when you became a father
Gabriel sterling that pretty much sums
it up
I wasn't thinking much except for holy
crap am I gonna be able to do this how
am I gonna afford to pay for their kids
am I am i capable of being a father and
all those things are like it's all
trivial and those are normal feelings
that you get when you're when you find
out you're about to become apparent but
the truth is parenting and fatherhood is
something that comes completely natural
and you you just know you know what I
mean like I was really worried when we
first had call him am I gonna be able to
do this you know what if I mess up it's
it's all things that you learn you learn
as you go and you'll find that parenting
is as easy as eating a bowl cereal you
just do it you know you don't ask
questions you just do it all you got to
do is love your kids and that's pretty
much all there is to it do the boys act
different behind the camera David Hannah
no none of us act different behind the
camera that's one of the things about my
channel and in our videos is that what
you see right here right now is exactly
who we are I don't I don't put on a
character I don't try and put on a
different show the vlogs are like the
vlogs are like reality true reality I
don't create a different person every
time I pick up the camera and I could I
could be this really goofy silly guy
which sometimes I am but that's me
that's that's who I am
Collin doesn't really get to I mean
there's a difference people sometimes
people act really different on camera
and it's because their camera shy
but Carson Carson just loves showing off
I don't know he just loves the camera so
I mean to sum it up no we don't act
different for the camera what you see is
what you get are you going to travel to
different places for your vlogs Kevin
Reyes yeah Kevin I ultimately I plan on
taking Veronica and the boys and Eliza
to many many different places I think
once we reach that level it'll make the
vlog so much more interesting because I
want to give them something that I
didn't have when I was a kid
which is showing them the world I can
remember when I was younger I wasn't
even allowed off my street like we lived
out in a kind of rural area and I wasn't
even allowed off on my street so you can
imagine like when I first started
traveling it was such an eye-opening
experience and like you gain so much
knowledge and awareness of all the
different cultures and stuff when you
travel
I think Travel is such an important
thing in in learning about the world
because you get to see so many different
things that you wouldn't see if you were
never a lot of your street so yes as we
can I'm definitely gonna take Veronica
Eliza Colin Carson we're all gonna go
and travel to as many places as possible
I personally have never been out of the
country except for to Canada so I would
I would love for all of us to experience
that together honestly the my tag sister
contest is I'm hoping so much that you
guys smash that thing give to 5,000 so
that I can take the boys to Legoland and
have them experience their very first
ever plane right that's going to be such
an awesome video when the boys take
their very first plane ride and go to
Legoland gosh I just I want that so bad
so make sure you guys participate in my
the contest all the details are in the
description below get yourselves a GoPro
and the boys go to Legoland alright
enough of that how do you make time to
edit and spend time with your wife and
kids I saw another question that has how
do I make time to edit and upload my
videos it's it's a very tricky it's a
very tricky process depending on what it
is in it today's vlog will probably take
me every bit of one hour because I have
all those had all those different
landscapes sequences and I have to
adjust all those Clips because they were
shot on the gh4 at Full HD so I have to
scale them down and all that stuff but
but it's good it keeps me uh it keeps me
sharp on my toes it keeps me using the
editing software premieres what I use
right now and I and I get to i get to
stay sharp it's almost like it's almost
like if you read a book every day you
exercise your brain and so I feel the
same for me as editing every single day
keeps my brain sharp and it helps me
stay creative and I don't want you guys
get bored watching my videos as you're
probably bored listening in all these
questions and answers right now so yeah
I mean I I love it
but editing takes me a long time and I
do it every single day because I'm
dedicated to it it's like it's my
passion so I do it
I'm gonna do my guys that's all for Q&A
today let's say we go eat some breakfast
eyes is about to take a bath you get a
nice impression clean in the kitchen
sink yep we're gonna get stuff going
today guys listen I thank you so much
for all your questions and action in the
comments section I really appreciate the
engagement it's so cool yeah just hit
thumbs up for the Gilroy's in this vlog
we had an awesome time at old man's cave
you've got some really cool footage and
look forward to more adventurous songs
summers gonna be great I think you so
much for watching we can't wait to see
all of you right back here tomorrow
