hey guys hey sorry now today playing in
the sprinkler to warm one out I think
it's like 87 degrees
yeah I miss Eliza she said we were out
enjoying outdoors oh hey oh hey I sniper
box
so yeah the boys and daddy is out
playing in the homemade sprinkler how is
it honey hey Cole good like it's like a
microwave out today it's pretty warm
yeah I was all ready to get dressed and
like go film and stuff and then they
turned us on I was like I gotta join
you're gonna have fun with these guys
yeah the Chase is gonna attempt to do a
cartwheel over top of the spring play
our wheel - Carson it's so easy show
Monda in your head with watch watch this
ready yeah you have to go when he says
go oh sorry
ready
Oh set go I can't
aah no like front flip ready set go
don't be afraid don't be scared that's
all yeah just jump through it what's
happening hmm oh god here 400 watts of
yours and you terrorizing me Gerson oh
that's a good job of terrorizing you
going person huh good good quick quick
quick part calling get your flip-flops
I don't know you heard the man we are
gonna go and we thought about taking the
kids to the pool what the pools are some
of your so overcrowded it's such a I
don't know we don't really like it so
we're gonna go get one we have to have a
shady spot for Eliza that's true it was
just us for being different
I'm sitting bacon Sun all day but we
can't have
son yeah so we're gonna go get one of
those small polls knows it all I want it
big and be a little bit what can't have
a huge pool dude we don't have the yard
for that Carson will you be happy with
whatever pool we get yeah alright sweet
let's go yeah summer baby
we found ourselves in a new store in my
town that I really haven't seen yet
called rural King and they have and I
have some of these pools and we're just
going to get a smaller one this one's 12
foot by 3 feet deep 400 bucks and I
think for a backyard pool that's kind of
cool I'd like to get one of these
humongous ones but if I was going to do
that I'd need to grade some of some of
my yard so that it's all perfectly flat
my yards not perfectly flat I think we
also need to get something like this for
baby Eliza so she can enjoy the pool too
yeah I don't know if it has the thing
it's just a ring this one has the bottom
she can sit in you really think that'll
help set the pool off some tiki torches
they want to have tiki torches around
the pool okay let's see we probably need
four tiki torches okay four tiki torches
will go around your pool we're gonna
have a luau tonight or something all
right
it's officially ours you ready to go set
up your pool do you think you can all
right let's get out of here let's go
swimming all right boys let's see we got
here that's a pool see how we do this
I'm gonna say right now I am NOT nor
have I ever claimed to be an expert on
setting up a pool we're just gonna do
this he's gonna do select the book says
that's how we're gonna do it and this is
the hoses to pool and then this is the
actual pole liner we're gonna have to
find a good spot to set this up and
calling me peon we have to baba Hey
ready idea it's not ready hey can we can
we call the fire department and have
them filled
really yeah I need to sit here and do my
homework
this is a super super car okay
we got some work to do we got to blow up
this outer ring and then literally you
just blow up the ring and then fill up
the water that's it you remember how
long it took to fill up the blob with
water how long do you think it'll take
to fill this up 1700 gallons yeah I
don't know I don't know they're girls
calling to turn on the water are you
ready for this huh
it's time to fill this bad boy I think
what we should do is start the water and
then make dinner because it'll be it'll
be forever that's the thing there's
never enough time and one day to get
everything done we got the pump set up
water's filling it's not gonna happen
today
this Gilroy's we just love to wait we
love waiting we're gonna set up the tiki
torches and fire up the grill cook some
mean steaks hey did you get Montreal
steak seasoning oh we still have some I
can't make steaks without that stuff I
love it look who came to visit I think
they heard we were setting up a pool in
the area I think they want to swim go
get some bread Colin I said what the
duck is ready for a grill out yeah yeah
let's get this party started
it's my favorite part of the summer guys
right here barbecue Bohemians yep on
that charcoal grill it's my favorite
let's get a little bit right there oh
yeah let there be fire oh my gosh
Colin looks like your hair's on fire
look at me look up it's not really
oh good glorious meat
oh good glorious meat let's say we throw
this on the grill
perfectly primed give me some of these
give me some of these tongs oh
that's oh my gosh food porn guys eat it
up oh yeah that's what I'm talking about
oh yes oh yeah I feel like I'm missing
one thing and that's a cold beer yeah
Cheers
this has been filling for c8 42 we
started at it was like six something so
about two hours a little over two hours
and that's all the water in it I think
we'll probably have to cut it off for a
while and then let the water build back
up in the well overnight so that we
don't run the well dry that would suck
look at this whoa
finished acres that's ours
well let's eat let's eat
you got corn um yes say corn and
watermelon the watermelons already at
the table perfect I love it
perfect timing we just sat down she was
asleep well dinners done kids are in bed
I think we should skip to the good part
where I'm waiting for tomorrow's coffee
and comment review let's do this yeah
morning good coffee let's answer some
questions I always like to come outside
and have my coffee in the morning while
the sun's still behind the trees catch
some of the birds listen to that they
stopped okay but check out our pool guys
the world water is not good for this not
at all you saw me fill this up last
night this had all but clear water in it
and now it's cloudy and orange to fix
this I'd have to filter this water for
hours and hours and hours and hours and
hours and keep rinsing out filters and
maybe even go through a couple filters
so I think it's probably more beneficial
for us to fortunately drain this and
then call a water hauler that has fresh
clean water to bring in and fill pull
with that really sucks alright so now
for some questions I told you guys
yesterday that I would answer your
questions in the comments and that maybe
we could do something like a normal
thing so let's have our coffee and
answer some of your questions first
question comes from metal up your as one
he wants to know is there something you
have to switch on to get 60 frames per
second or do you have to use different
vlog camera
well it depends your camera has to have
the capability of shooting in 60 frames
per second so yeah it's a camera setting
that you have to switch on my current
vlog camera this camera shoots in 30 or
60 frames and I choose 60 frames just
because I like the quality of hat looks
Joe George wants to know how did eliza
or how did you get Eliza's name i think
we've mentioned this in the vlogs before
Eliza's name came from Colin and Carson
we asked them very early on in
Veronica's pregnancy what they thought
the baby's name should be and almost
immediately both of them chimed in and
said her name should be Eliza and I
thought I sounded good Veronica thought
I sounded good so we we actually decided
Eliza's the perfect name and how cool
would it be to say in in stories told
later that the boys came up with Eliza's
name and that's exactly what happened
this is actually a really good question
Josh Martell asked me how does it feel
not having a job not having to have a
job as there things you miss about
having a job well I've had a lot of jobs
actually before before I started doing
creative work I was a manager at a
company called Christy's pizza which
also owned papa booze out on Buckeye
Lake which I took you guys there
recently to show you how the lake was
progressing with all the stuff happening
so yeah I was I was in the food industry
and I managed the restaurants I didn't
start out as a manager I started
actually washing dishes and this was a
long time ago I was a dishwasher and
then I showed interest in cooking food
so they moved me up to cooking food I
excelled at that and then I showed
interest in managing so they put me in
the management position and I managed
there for probably I think was about
five years and and I got all the way up
to the point where I could become a
general manager and
decided that I didn't want to do that
anymore I didn't want that to be my job
because it consumed every every waking
hour of every day you always had to work
weekends you always had to work nights
and I had a family at that time so I
didn't want to I didn't want to always
be working on holidays or weekends or
nights when the kids were off of school
and I made a decision to follow my
career path which was graphic design I
went to college and got a degree in
graphic design and then shortly after I
got a job working in graphic design I
used to make those flyers you'd get in
the mail that had the key on it for this
car company so so I would design these
big giant elaborate mailers that you
would catch in your mailbox and usually
everyone would throw them away but I had
a lot of fun doing that but then I found
that the people I was working for
weren't very honest and and so I decided
to I decided to make make a go at
YouTube because through all of my jobs
I'd always been involved with filming
and shooting with Dennis and Roman and
and the prank channel took off and and
it was kind of like you know why don't I
just try and do that because it's
something that I'd love to do I've
always loved to do it I never made it my
primary job until I started vlogging so
so no I don't miss a regular job because
now I'm happier I'm so much happier than
I've ever been and I don't regret for
one second stepping away from the
nine-to-five type of job this is a great
question
Christian eight nine four what's in
store for the LOA project
the legends of awesome project for me is
is my chance to utilize the the
different the different film styles that
I've acquired ever since I started
shooting video also it's a great
opportunity for me to try and help other
people for instance say I come across an
incredibly talented wakeboarder and he
hasn't been discovered yet but he's
super awesome my goal is to find these
people okay and make a film with them
basically these will be little mini
biographies and I'm gonna I'm gonna
showcase their talents in a way that
helps to inspire you guys to also do
something incredible and there's going
to be no limit on the type of talent
that we try and capture I want there
because there's so many different people
out in the world who have talents that
just make your jaw hit the floor it's
like oh my god I can't believe this guy
can do that so good sometimes in the
comments section you guys tell me that
we inspire you me and Veronica and the
kids and if if it's possible for us to
inspire you guys then I think it's even
more possible for other people with
extremely awesome and incredible talents
to inspire you to do something great to
be better versions of yourself and
that's what that's the whole goal the
whole purpose between behind legends of
awesome is that I want to empower you
guys to feel comfortable and who you are
comfortable enough to go out there and
do great things
because you're fully capable of it and
if all I have to do is show you video of
me doing what I love to do capturing
other people doing what they love to do
hopefully that will transfer into you as
the viewer to motivate you to do
something that you love to do and then
together at the end of all this we'll
all be doing something that we love
and I love helping other people and I
think it's a great opportunity to use
the viewership that I have to help
promote other people who otherwise
wouldn't have been able to get the
exposure that we can get them that's the
whole purpose like I want to use my
popularity on YouTube for a bigger
purpose for a better thing than just you
know vlogging I think it's just a
doorway alright guys that's all the time
I've got for questions today we're going
to go ahead and figure out what to do
with this orange poll situation and yeah
ready to tackle this poll thing today
yeah what are we doing about it I'm not
sure but we are planning to go on on a
little field trip to old man's cave
today and play in the water I'm going to
get some more footage for my Garmin
Phoenix review which I'm hoping will be
up for you guys on Friday so make sure
you keep a close eye on the Gilroy
reviews and how to's channel for that
giveaway that watch is super sick and I
can't wait for one of you guys to win it
it's gonna be a fun kind of giveaway and
I'll give you all the details in the
description ah we got some stuff to do
today so guys thank you so much for
watching I enjoyed all your questions
and stuff for the Q&A go ahead and ask
them and I'll try and do them in a
couple questions every morning and we'll
just try and get you know more
engagement the the purpose behind that
is to try and keep I want to keep the
lines of communication open between us
because I think that a lot of other
YouTube channels don't engage with their
viewers enough and that's what I want to
do so that's that thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see all of you
right back here tomorrow
