hey people what's up good morning
starting out another vlog for you guys
I'm on my way to pick up the boys from
church from Vacation Bible School they
have that going on this week and then
we're gonna go grab some lunch how was
your first day of VBS awesome awesome
oh look oh oh the hook awesome good
that's good no no you can do these off
yeah that's cool so what do you guys say
you want to go to lunch with mommy I'm
gonna go to all garden yes all right
well you guys can go with me anyways I'm
going to meet on my friends that I used
to work with in the doctor's office we
meet occasionally still for lunch even
though we don't work together we're
still friends so we're gonna go meet her
and have some lunch in jibt chat mmm you
guys can come with us welcome home fella
did you enjoy your vacation bible school
yeah was it awesome what kind of stuff
did you do I got snack
vacation bevel yeah she had fun hanging
out daddy we played and tickled and I
roll around the floor with her and it's
fun but hey we're gonna set you guys up
with the homemade sprinkler prepare you
and I will learn how to do it
yeah drill I got a drill I didn't really
need a drill though so we're gonna make
a homemade sprinkler out of an old water
job pretty easy right really all you
need is something to poke holes in this
thing with and duct tape to seal the
hose to the bottle check this out
we're gonna use a nail any kind of nail
really do you don't want these holes to
be really big because if you make them
too big you're not gonna have enough
water pressure to get the the streams to
fly up real high so get yourself a nail
mm-hmm and give it to your wife who's
holding a hammer and then poke a bunch
of holes in the top
oh really yep
now her alright if the nail won't go
through your bottle you could heat the
tip of the nail so that it melts the
bottle but you want to be really careful
um so we're gonna do the light alright
so Brown who's got the right idea
holding it with some pliers so she
doesn't burn her dainty hands hmm
here you all right go relight it
you get the idea keep doing this over
and over - you have a bunch of little
holes all over the top of your bottle
also put some on the side of the bottle
so you get some stream of its work not
just straight up to the side also be
happy with the number of holes there
yeah let's try it see what does mmm
let's check it out put your hose in the
end
get your handy-dandy duct tape around it
you just add yeah you just kind of want
to seal it it's like a band-aid so dandy
yeah
duct tape and a duct tape band-aid Oh
doc huh Oh doc huh Oh dougie dougie tuck
tuck tuck tuck tuck tuck selected
just a nice seal around the bottle a
nice seal around the hose smoosh it
together there okay I got my shoes out
of the way oh yeah take out on the yard
more bigger hose where we want it
alright Carson let her rip check it out
oh yeah run through it dude nice that
turns out so there you go a really
simple easy homemade sprinkler that you
can do right at home obviously the
bigger holes you have the even smaller
these streams will be so make sure you
don't make your holes too big and of
course enjoy all right well the boys are
busy with the sprinkler you know I've
been working on trying to get this
four-wheeler back in shape and I've had
a lot of trouble with the battery I
tried to get a charger on it didn't work
the trickle charger didn't work so I
contacted my local batteries unlimited
and I wanted to see if he can test it
and it turns out he does have
replacement batteries in case we need to
get a new one so we're gonna get the
support wheeler up and go
so we made two batteries unlimited and
this is Mitch Mitch how's it going what
do you think can you test this and tell
me what what's going on with this what's
been doing just not fine it just doesn't
it doesn't hold a charge I put the
trickle charger on there and it's been
12 hours on and still dead as this
before I plugged it in so right yeah
it's a 3.7 volts and dropping not
quickly but still dropping generally
when you get them to this sort of
voltage of this trickle Chargers won't
even pull them up so okay when you run
it when you well you have a charger
these days the newer ones they have a
safety feature so you don't like tap the
leads together right right it just
sparks yeah I have the sense a certain
amount of voltage back at them in order
for them to even turn on yeah cuz the
charger would just say green after like
two hours being on yeah and obviously
it's not yeah for spam so that's kind of
what you're looking at there's this
batteries probably just so low that the
charger is not going to do much work
alright so you have a fresh one we do
and I've gotta put acid in it it's not
totally clear to put acid in seriously I
know how does that we're a sighting
stuff you guys want to see them put acid
in a battery sale that one these ones
here they come dry mainly for shelf-life
reasons comes off with these sealed
batteries they cut the acid come in
pre-measured packets so you don't have
to worry about you know measuring it out
or anything like that even over filling
it viragor filling it because this has
exactly all you just dump that in those
go that ha and then that they're just as
in there well that's cool hey thanks
Mitch for hooking up I know we're good
work I was pretty cool in and out really
quick Mitch was super helpful and he
said this battery is ready to go so soon
as we get home with the plate in was it
the redneck ones got a brand new battery
colin has been the most excited to drive
his four-wheeler today's the day buddy
car you can drive it at Nana's high
block in the one side so you can't go
over on this side of the fence mm-hmm a
couple screws nice and tight you see the
brake light comes on that's a good sign
let's see if we got some action
what a bummer there so there's a little
more work to be done the carburetors are
getting gassed so we're going to have to
clean the carburetor out I think and it
started raining the rain it sucks
that's nasty weather moved in real quick
yeah I think so it was meant to be the
boys weren't supposed to ride their
four-wheeler today I'm really
disappointed up and I've been banging on
that thing for a while I'm trying to get
it running trying to find that
excitement for my kids
what's this tricky guy going on okay put
on spot I just saw like wait a second
wait wait wait wait it's like what are
you doing
Veronica's life back yep yep trying to
take fingernail polish off my turn now
with live at erawan yeah there's a life
hack for you ladies so using your cotton
balls to take off your fingernail polish
just use a tampon like cotton ball pin
what are you Gail where I 4201 yeah oh
it went away too quick I got more kills
in you that time oh alright it's Pizza
time we are having BLT and mushroom
pepperoni is there pepper no pepperoni
cold Matt we're gonna call them it oh
here we go again
hahahaha rainbow the second rainbow yeah
you know I love rainbows man I get every
time I see a rainbow man my legs which
is service time I see a rainbow I kid
mammal-like
right there my gosh rainbow where oh my
gosh I love rainbows
well the girls are doing their nails I
did a rough cut blooper reel of
Veronica's first youtube video and I
think we should publish this video and
call it the making of Veronica's first
youtube video here we have an audience
now watch everyone's crying Mickey just
walked in alright check it out Mike's
right here I'll see you next time so it
appears that that video is the big hit
and I think I knew branagh cos approval
will probably upload does definitely oh
yes the making of Veronica's first
youtube video
alright boys I got your beds made nice
fresh clean sheets and pillows and
blankets they're good look good
hey good night buddy good night daddy I
love you good night sleep tight good
night Carson my funny thumbs up it share
it and give Veronica big a big congrats
for her first blooper reel YouTube video
so funny well one thing's for sure I'm
definitely definitely done with this
yeah cuz I I can't waste any time
sleeping I gotta just keep going
where's my coffee yeah you ready for
another day of Vacation Bible School
yeah I didn't realize that it was this
whole week but it's the whole week
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
and they got all kinds of stuff to learn
throughout the week pretty cool a lot of
fun stuff are you gonna win a prize it
says you can earn a prize every day are
you kicking me I know you guys have been
asking about Veronica's tattoos look
here they are this is the Collin tattoo
right this is the Carson tattoo
somewhere right about here coming soon
is the Eliza tattoo where's my tattoo my
heart I don't get a tattoo I'm gonna
smash these three eggs fill my body with
a little bit of protein and get these
videos up for you make sure that you
click on the annotation here in just a
few seconds to watch Veronica's the
making of Veronica's first ever you too
video be prepared to laugh
make sure you laugh hard it's so funny
and give it a big thumbs up for Veronica
I know that's probably kind of
embarrassing for her to put out there
but it's so funny and also I'm trying to
grow my social networks and the one that
I want to grow is the texture and that's
why I promised the boys if we reached
five thousand followers on texture then
I've taken to Lakeland and the thing is
this app is relatively new and I want
you guys us the gladiators to be the
first powerful presence on this new app
and that's why we're going to do it you
know what we're gonna sweeten the pot if
I get 5,000 followers on texture by the
end of the month June 30th I will
personally go buy you some lucky winner
that will be picked in the comments of
my tags to profile a GoPro Hero 4 how
about that that's all I got for you guys
today I'm gonna eat I'm gonna edit and I
suppose we'll see all of you right back
here tomorrow
