what's up guys we're going on a film
adventure today one that requires me to
fill up my gas can where could we be
going so if you guys watched yesterday's
video you know that I'm out today to
film the review for my watch the garmin
fenix three and i have another one a
brand new one that i'm gonna give away
at the end of the review video and I'll
be looking for you guys comments on
yesterday's video to help me you know
decide what's the best way to give it
away but let's talk more action let's go
film a review ah the great outdoors see
if you've noticed a lot of my recent
review videos have been outside and
that's because well wintertime makes me
have to do videos inside in my in my set
and I think that while it's nice and
beautiful i think we should film outside
because it's awesome we're gonna go
somewhere crazy today wait a cow we're
going offroad yeah
look at this time man look at this this
is a heck of a Jeep should be fun
looking way out in the middle of this p
we're in churches horns
this is all right I guess
dude this is awesome what do you got
there it's a cave you can climb all the
way down are you serious you actually go
in there wait you have to go in there I
love is George I've ever ends back there
than wall if you get down you can go out
through that stuff out there I did not
expect to see that there's me a bread
right here used to be we need rope we
need to repeal climb down through the
cave I'm not a repeal dude this is so
awesome how did this happen to be in
this part of the woods so we're trekking
through this part of the woods find the
spot or the right spots to fill this
with you hey we need Rome and it's all
gone to the cage we got to go out and
around where have you got me dude I'm in
a real tight situation here and this is
michelle for all the mosquitoes oh yeah
oh my god okay
here it down yeah probably should have
got my gear when we came down the first
time because we just had to go back and
get it but we're gonna shimmy across
this ledge and get out to the edge of
this rock and get the first shot and be
so wicked awesome yeah this is a full
shot right here man I like that because
the background so far away down there
you'll get some nice blur the watch
right here all right these guys although
they're experienced woodsmen they don't
want to stay out here for as long as I'm
staying here so they're gonna leave me
here you realize this is the makings of
all of the scary movies ever put on film
I could call you but I might not have
any service did you hear that did you
hear that what guys you won't believe it
how peaceful it is out here I'm
literally just a guy in the woods with
my camera filming a video for your
enjoyment
Josh finally showed up to rescue me
think real I got a lot of good stuff
it's a long walk back up here oh my god
oh hi honey hey what you do not right
now one more eat joshua zamora woods I
never experienced looking back there
mm-hmm like I am sick haha no worries i
have a pocket knife he was going on i
had a pocket knife you from the falling
rocks and of course yes I'm ready I'm
starving piggies for that time out David
you better watch out world star ran him
over he's running away you don't run
away hi he ones Carson just brought me a
firework he wants me to light it on fire
you remember these these little snakes
you ever seen these before oh well check
this out I need to find a lighter bad no
it's awesome check it out
it's a firework snake yeah I seen jaws
keep these away from it's pretty sweet
huh because what I mean get done
somebody I can go pop so pop again push
yeah check out what the chameleon does
when you put your hands close to him
what or you can't see from this angle
look at him you know flattens spiky
riding all day whoa ate a bunch of food
film the video mostly J showed up
without his beard his beards all gone
feel like a girl now I'm sad you're like
a really hairy woman I think now we're
just gonna hang out and relax and enjoy
the sunset and then get home I no allies
is definitely happy i get your feeling
as i am yeah she's been talking to
everybody go off your new shoes dude
heck yeah you gotta show off your new
kicks man those are so cool what are
they we're conscious all song thank you
I got him from the mall nice yeah nice
choice and boom we're back home ready
for bed mom buddy did you guys have fun
out there today yeah I've got a
lightning bug you caught a buncha
lightning bugs it was so cool I'll tell
everyone goodnight guys it's definitely
definitely time for bed
I'm tired honey hmm good morning
everyone are you guys pumped for today
yes today's Vacation Bible School it's
vacation bible school that's right you
thought fun day was fun at your school
wait till you experience Vacation Bible
School there's gonna be so much fun
stuff yeah when i was younger i went to
vacation bible school it was awesome
except we stayed we stayed for like a
week we did lock ins and stuff and we we
camped out and we did all kinds of cool
stuff yeah you're gonna have a blast
hopefully though there's a lot of
nastiness on the radar and I'm afraid it
doesn't look too awful right now but I'm
afraid they might be a little wet have
fun boys I'll see you in a little while
they're gonna have a blast I gotta stay
back with this little nugget with this
little nugget technically illegal mmm
alright guys so the kids are away having
a good time hopefully the rain doesn't
ruin it for them and I did check on all
your comments regarding how to give away
the garmin fenix 3 and I think I've come
up with a pretty good idea so I'm going
to work on that and I suppose we'll see
all of you right back here tomorrow
you
