hey guys say hi hi you're hanging out
with us starting out the day with some
projects we are doing what is called the
witch's brew what you need for this
project is vinegar fish soap food
coloring soda two glass containers and
then extra little small plastic
containers in spins first you set your
glasses and you want a tray also cuz
it'll get kind of messy you want to set
your glasses in the middle of your tray
and put a little bit of the vinegar in
it and water there's no honor smell it
does it smell like water then you take
let me see if I remember your food
coloring pick one color okay well use
all of the colors but just put a few
drops in there cursing in two years it
looks black it's okay that's good then
you take a few drops of dish soap that
makes it bubbly and then you just gently
stir it you don't wanna cause any
bubbles yet then we have to prepare
other food coloring mixtures take your
plastic cups
three extra four : and three extra for
Carson and you just want a little bit of
the vinegar in each of the cups and then
you take your other food colourings put
some in that one okay okay the person
you already have blue buddy your blue in
there you got to do the other colors we
have another blue do you go alright
that's good now on the moment of truth
you take your baking soda good nice big
spoonful nice big spoonful of the baking
soda dump it in there stir it up a
little
mmm
Carson get a big spoonful oh yeah it's
like a volcano get a big spoonful big
big spoonful run over I think you need
more than that okay now stir it up a
little
oh look at Collins it's really going now
I need a bit more thank you move your
spin okay stir it up stir stir stir
mr. Carson sir oh there you go we might
not have big enough trays okay now Colin
take your spoon out and dump in one of
your other colors like my um yellow yeah
more pickings up all right sorry
oh there's going Stern screen.i starting
to turn you gotta get it
yeah baking set all over the bottom here
hold on let's do some baking soda in
there first and then thread in person
all right we better get this mess
cleaned up now we've had some fun the
past couple days but now it's time to
get to work
I gotta mow this grass first things
first you stay hydrated in some time you
drink a whole bottle of water you can't
forget your headphones
let's do a game but before I start mine
check out this little turd mm-hmm
actually that's a big turd this is turd
that's a bacon we wrap turd Crescent
love it good time Vicki made me come
over and show you guys that because
that's what we'll be having for dinner
tonight so you get to see what it looks
like after but that's a serious bacon
weave I did something today I haven't
done for a while which is weed eat and I
got all the all the posts looking sexy
and all the edge of the house looking
good looking good boys we're done with
work let's go get our hair cut come on
come on
let's go get our hair cut you need to
look good
Vacation Bible School it's like summer
camp for awesome people kinda I think so
come on let's go get our hair cut I need
one bad
she's been fighting sleep all day she
falls asleep and lay down and she wakes
up she wants to fall asleep sitting up
like this like a drunkard in : I say we
just leave it like that what do you
think we said I came to see you good how
are you
you've been busy yeah we think Carson
you needed a new haircut man this way
all the girls have come asking for your
phone number yeah all right let's see
Carson got some product nice Colin your
hair just goes to a point in the middle
man you got different colors in your
hair she shoved me she brought Colin
over to show me and like we're his fade
happens on the side he's got different
color hair some of his hair is more dark
or darker than the rest it's really
weird
you got multicolored hair dude
there it is folks all finished a bacon
weave rep turd grill it's my favorite
bacon burgers on the bottom I don't see
a lot of people doing that but once you
show me I have to grill it the same way
every time you got bacon in there yep
hamburger seasoning a little bit of
green onion what oh he can't chase you
if you don't run from him seems like the
theme for tonight's cookout is bacon
that's because we watch this you won't
think any other night are you ready to
eat Liza
I wish man I bet you just get down on a
big ol cheeseburger first honey baby
steps
tell me I can't wait to eat a big ol
burger in this is your boy you gotta
push that's all over yeah
okay we're playing carrier I downloaded
the new map so we're gonna play some EXO
topics ready yeah let's do this does it
mean Colin's round
I killed five hydrants no I lose your
mind your uncle 4201
daddy you're going to hundred serious
I got IRA for 200 in the bottom calling
it seriously no I do not understand it I
do not understand this these kids have a
superior hand-eye coordination well tell
the gladiators good night good night
Carson Lane tell the gladiators good
night
what no transition clip huh don't fire
me guys mm-hmm obviously it's morning
and I'm getting everything ready today
to go shoot the review for the newest
review for the Gilroy review and how to
channel and a lot of you guys have been
asking me lately Gilroy what what's that
watch that you're wearing well this is
the Garmin Phoenix 3 watch and this is
what we'll be reviewing today and it's
such a cool watch that I got a brand new
one right here that I'm gonna give away
to somebody to anybody one of you I just
don't know how to do it yet so that's
what I'm up to today I'm gonna go take
my camera
out into the woods and film a really
cool
Phoenix three-sport watch review so do
me a favor leave in the comment section
below your suggestion as to how we
should do this giveaway this is this is
a pretty expensive watch it costs $500
so I want this giveaway to be unique
cool and worth it okay so that's about
all I got for you guys today thank you
so much for watching and I can't wait to
see all of you right back here
