oh hey guys what's up you gotta see this
look at this it's amazing how one day
not even can completely change the color
of the grass with this plastic on it and
as you can tell our blob is lost most of
its water which really stinks
it really stinks cuz I mean they didn't
get all the fun out of it that they
could have huh
you know when it's bright and sunny and
hot out I don't know if I want to leave
this out here for much longer because
it's gonna completely kill my grass that
I've worked so hard to make look better
we might have to take it down but I'm
gonna try and keep it intact so that we
can put water in it again
oh really
Wow yeah it's time
spits the near microwave
and just like that the fun blob is no
more it's okay though we can fill it
back up where'd you take the vlog down
cuz it was cooking the yard we'll fill
it back up maybe later maybe not because
I still need to mow swim I have to take
care of that first but I think what we
should do today is number one turn off
that TV and what do you say we go
experience something super fun Colin
colons lost he doesn't know where he is
right now
Carson or do you say we do something
super fun
then we've never done before we're gonna
go on an adventure we're gonna go on an
adventure
geocaching this morning I downloaded the
full version and we're gonna go really
try it out and do an adventure what do
you say Carson are you with me come on
let's get our shoes on let's go on an
adventure
we are geocaching right now and from the
last time I looked at
that there are geocaches
cassia's one of these rest stops so
we're gonna stop there first
it says container is an Altoids can
covered with black tape okay we're gonna
go find it come on follow me boys we got
to follow the needle says we're 148 feet
away who's a red string the update said
that there was a camo pill bottle
hanging in the tree nearest the
lighthouse so it's got to be this one we
can't see any of can't see anything no
use of wasting the whole day trying to
find something that someone probably
could have already moved so we're gonna
move on let's find another one we think
we've found another one at the same rest
up it's a teeny tiny one
let me get back to the area
look right here look there's the clue do
you see where we are yeah you see where
the pointer is
I think it's right here I think it's
right in here
did you find it what is that
battery I bet you it's underneath there
it is right there on that nut do you see
it yeah
look at that
it's a little log we found our first
geocache Carson we found it isn't that
awesome
we need to find a big one so you can be
more impressed x1 took us to the side of
the road literally I don't even know if
you could see my phone I can't see with
my glasses on but look I look down here
underneath this guardrail boom key box
this is awesome oh I can't get in there
come on nails yeah yeah we found it hey
a little Jules Jim the pin this pin
sucks if I wasn't geocaching I wouldn't
be checking out this pretty awesome
landscape right now
all right you signed us in put that bad
boy back for now I'm gonna leave it for
now until I until I pick Veronica a
couple more these pretty flowers let's
keep going
Veronica's over there logging in yeah
so when you find it when you find the
geocache you'll take a picture of it and
put in your hints or whatever you can
write a description that way other
people can find it a little bit more
easier but I think that's I think that's
counterintuitive you should I mean it's
the fun of the hunt is actually looking
for it you know man this is this is so
easy and fun
boys we're finding boys you gotta find
the next one okay I'll help you you're
gonna find it not me got it
all this geocaching 'he's made me hungry
we're at this place called jack town pub
and there's Nana and jay inside there
you probably can't see them
Veronica's just wearing her little wrap
everywhere
hey nice shirt that's a nice shirt my
line that's dang the food just showed up
listen I got a buddy who his wife works
here her name is chiku and this buddy of
mine his name's Gary I just he always
comes here and it just so happened that
he came here on the same day that we
stopped by a long time for a nice day
and we just the best
now the food's here
gee hey say hello it's awesome
I got me a Reuben that was a nice little
break a nice little fill up on the food
tank thanks for the suggestion you guys
we were just gonna be geocaching but you
made me yeah you made me I'm sorry I
apologize for that spade shovel in my
face with the food on it
that's right made me eat have you guys
we'll see ya mom okay then bye bye now
alright back on the hunt geocaching
turns out that right across the street
over here beside this gas station is
another one right there can you reach it
try and get it Carson get that thing you
guys yeah
you got it dude yeah open it up let's
see from down here
oh cool there's a little birdie you
don't get to keep it you just gotta
check it out cuz we don't have stuff to
put back okay that's a pedometer so we
found another one two days ago oh nice
pretty cool huh yeah is this fun or what
we're finding all these cool little
treasures this this way that way back
here this way yeah Oh guys this one's at
a cemetery very scared this is a great
you're scared Colin graveyard scary are
you really scared though yeah zombie
this one is off the beaten path we're
gonna walk down here a little ways
you think it's in here that's an old
flower arrangement
who's that this is Ami's are here dude
you'd addict it run it was a stick I was
just kidding well fortunately we didn't
find that one and have quite a few other
people recently weren't able to find it
either so we're gonna move on to the
next one but this spot proved to be a
useful location for two of my three kids
to use the restroom you guys remember
this place
this is dolls dolls Arboretum where we
came I forget we were doing here but we
brought you here before and as many
times as we've been here there's a ton
of geocaches inside of Dawes so we're
gonna find him I'm gonna help me yeah
there's one behind this building let's
go dang we turned our back for a second
we're looking all over this little spot
and the boys found it good job guys you
have to have something to put back in it
what do you got
we got this really cool rock for here
he's up to something
yeah that's sweet right that's awesome
man look we found another one it's so
cool I didn't bring my pen
the boys definitely had to be the ones
to find it because they're on the level
where this geocache is sure why not
let's get some exercise instead of
driving it's down that way oh let me
lock the Jeep I got it locked with you
so we've had our first taste of
geocaching and I gotta say it is a ton
of fun I forget his name but thank you
for suggesting it such a great
experience to just come out and hunt for
things with your family and also working
together as a team to try and you know
find and reach your objective
you tired of hunting fruit trees honey
it's so hard to recognize a tree you
know what I mean you look at one tree it
looks like another but it's a completely
different species and unfortunately das
closes at 8:00
it's 804 right now so we might have to
give up on this gold the golden cash
this one was gold I don't know why well
we're out of time my love let's let's go
get some ice cream or something huh
you want ice cream Liza you wants an ice
cream baby girl I wish you could have
ice cream you're gonna love it when you
do look at that guys look how cool that
is
it's pretty awesome oh it's so pretty
we think Kirsten are you had enough to
go jump in that pond we had enough to go
jump in a pond
I'm hot enough to go jump in that pond
swarm give you some calories I'll give
you $200 to go shopping with here jump
in okay I had to stop and get this shot
look at that would you look at that
just put those anywhere honey come on
the baby needed formula and diapers so
now we got stuck getting a bunch of
different stuff and balloons what do you
need love I got this you guys I want you
to meet Baylin
Bailey's new on the job last time he
came through Veronica came through this
line bailey forgot to bag her version
you felt bad right yeah that's okay
brother
thank you everyone makes mistakes we
still love you okay Liza has started to
roll over what she'll do it she's
sucking on her and it's funny all right
guys everyone's gone to bed I think my
full suit it seems like every time we
turn around it's like the Sun just comes
up just like that I'm good already had
coffee already done good it's it's time
for a new day showers done kids playing
Minecraft wait why is there three
screens there's only two of you
I don't do the pink controllers I don't
do pink I'm just kidding I'm just
kidding you want me to play some
minecraft let's just go through the
tutorial let's all go through the
tutorial don't hit me don't hit nothing
don't worry nothing once you get in
there lie okay alright guys well I mean
I guess I guess we're gonna hang out and
and play some minecraft a little bit I'm
gonna enjoy that time with the kids for
few minutes and then we'll wrap this
vlog up and get it uploaded for your
enjoyment
geocaching was so much fun yeah before
reality time - we found a couple more
than - but yeah endo yeah that's all we
got for you guys today thank you so much
for watching and we can't wait to see
you right back here
