welcome to a new day we got to go check
the mail and pay the mortgage let's go
it is a beautiful day outside guys look
at this beautiful sky I can't imagine
anything I'd rather do today I gotta be
honest that I felt pretty hard yesterday
and I'm a little tender today I didn't
put in the clip of me falling in
yesterday's video but since I won't be
using that in the actual video I'll go
ahead and show that to you now
it's all metal so still rolling pretty
funny right I mean I I knew that crack
was there but I didn't think that it
would swallow my entire wheel it it
totally caught me off guard
I was paying more attention to the
camera then I was what was in front of
me so I guess it's my fault but
everything's good the cameras okay there
was only a small little scratch on the
corner of the LCD screen so it's it's
whatever all in the name of Phil made
some awesome video just got to the bank
time to pay to keep my house this is so
awesome I'm not going to pay rent
anymore I'm going to pay for my whole my
property have you ever heard of a water
blog made out of painters plastic and
duct tape veronica has this idea for fun
in the Sun today and we're gonna try and
pull this off this is a big one though
10 feet by 25 feet what are you guys
doing she kicked you out you probably
being noisy look what I got
we're gonna make something totally cool
totally fun there's gonna be a big giant
water blob excited you're gonna help me
oh there's the dog all right it's time
we're gonna build a big giant water blob
out of just painters plastic and duct
tape and water and iron we're gonna use
the iron to heat the sides and melt them
together and fill it up right yep that's
what they say
so big so you gotta use a really thick
painters plastic this is one this is
four mil a lot of the standard stuff is
only one mil and it won't be thick
enough they'll just pop on you so you
gotta use the thick stuff we laid it out
so you lay it all out and then you gotta
fold it in half take parchment paper
just need a little bit you can do piece
by piece
are you excited for this Carson count
person it's gonna be fun
of course you probably want your iron to
be as hot as you can get it so that
it'll like be use the plastic together
basically melting the ends of the
plastic together so that it's a nice
tight water seal water sealed bond
Oh like a sandwich
sorry just looking
be careful pulling and soft sometimes
so obviously we're gonna have to do it
just like this all the way around the
edges five hours later Veronica's got
all these edges ironed I know I'm just
dramatic so you know what I mean so look
she's got just this corner open for the
hose to go in we're gonna put blue food
coloring in us so it looks even more
awesome are you ready Colin let's hope
this works out do you know what you're
doing perfect those are the makings of
every great experiment pump that baby
put that whole thing in there oh yeah
it'll be blue that's it do we want it in
this position or should we move it I
don't know
yeah J says nope here we go
let's hope it holds cross your fingers
Carson no cross them there you go it's
gonna be so blue dude you just waiting
for it to build I hope this works cuz
it's gonna be mega fun if it does that's
a good sign right there the water is not
breaching the steel which is beautiful
so it's been about maybe 15 minutes so
far and this is all the water that we've
got in it and there're just me to let
you guys know make sure you allow
yourself plenty of time to get the water
in here because it takes a while it
takes a while does this take him forever
yeah this is digging for Amber either
baby
doesn't she look so cute you guys just
in here playing oh I can't wait till you
grow some more hair sweetheart
yeah she's just looking at this thing
like what are these people doing another
20 minutes later I've been promoted to
pose dude it's getting pretty full we're
gonna have to like roll out all these
air bubbles and you should probably make
sure that when you set this up you set
it up on a nice level surface cuz ours
this side over here is a little farther
downhill than that side
but it'll still still work we've
actually been out here so long that we
passed dinnertime so we decided to make
the best dinner tonight I made it myself
I called this phone number and they're
gonna deliver pizza in like a half hour
45 minutes they said but it'll be more
like a half hour
what if I break it
oh it's like fun
Joe Carson do the belly smacker it's
turned into a water-filled wrestling
match I'm watching show me okay
beside fun is everywhere I'm just trying
to get bitten up by mosquitos I had one
that was on my arm up here I looked down
this just this big pit full of my blood
squished it this is hungry now she goes
I saw you guys eat now I wanna eat I'm
walking my father I've won now last
night she slept so good she woke up at 3
something I got up and better and then
she went back to sleep and didn't wake
up out of bed until 9:00 like nine her
yeah like nine something she's getting a
lot better without stopping she's mad I
just put little Eliza back upstairs to
bed she finished her bottle and fell
asleep on my shoulder it was just so
awesome I can't even describe the
feeling of being a parent it's like
you're given this gift you know what I
mean I've been given this gift to raise
these awesome children and it's such a
cool feeling so awesome to put that baby
to bed and just watch her sleep so
awesome but I am expecting in about five
minutes a call from someone you guys
might recognize we're gonna talk to each
other over Skype I'll let you say hello
but we have some business to discuss
all right guys so like I said I was
having a call with someone you might
recognize and I want you to say hello
say hello to how about you
food what's my doing matters I'm so
happy to see you guys dude not enough
that I get to see you guys and like good
friend chase Carroll I love that man
what do you guys do this dude is so
awesome me and Jude we're just
discussing the legends of awesome
project Jude what are your thoughts I
described this in great detail to Jude
and if you don't know
first of all go check out Jude's channel
it's hollywood hobro
and if you don't know Jude has been in
the business for a long long time how
many films do oh I don't know 75 plus
maybe someones own that's the wrong keys
aren't record maybe more than that
actually so that's a few it's a couple
these grey hairs don't get themselves
man you know No so what do you think
what's your take on legends of awesome I
think you can
why don't you quote me on this since you
got a camera right now is gonna this is
gonna take entire youtube not only just
YouTube but first of all it's gonna take
YouTube to the next level but this
concept is so amazing it is beyond
YouTube it is way above what just social
media can do the numinous to point and
the inspiration of what you're talking
about doing is taking life to the next
level that's why it is awesome it's
awesome I find a lot of confidence in
Jude because
Jude's been around and we I don't know
we got to hang out a lot when we were
filming yes the movie we did and it's
like we bonded like very closely like
some people you know become
acquaintances and some become friends
and some become lifelong things and I
feel like for whatever reason you and I
clicked right away like we got it and
news on relationship has blossomed and
it's still going it's gonna go on
forever so it's cool it's it's really
it's really serendipitous and I say that
about every show no matter
how crazy it is not that pranksters was
even that crazy compared to some of the
madness I've been into but even bad
shows and hard shows you always make at
least one lifelong friend and for sure
on that show you definitely were your
that you are that friend for me like
that true another Facebook pop you know
that I'm freaking love dude be friends
forever man
I'll tell you what I can't wait to come
to Thailand yeah and meet your beautiful
family dude dude they look so cool you
guys look like you have so much fun
together go into these night markets
like and then you cut your beard right
now listen you guys definitely should go
check out Jude he started YouTube not
shortly after the movie right yeah like
in late November I think yeah so maybe
what is that been six months or seven
months hey I'm glad you did dude because
it gives me a chance to kind of see you
this is our first official Skype call
since we left la it is it's crazy it's
it's funny that we haven't done it
sooner than we shouldn't for sure no I
know we can't damn more awesome
yes setting it sitting with the tree yes
so listen you hear it from Jude himself
this guy is the man legends of Austin is
on the horizon
it's not gonna be hyped enough right
someone says legends of awesome was
overhyped yeah tell your friends about
it because you heard it here first
legends of Awesomeness it's transcending
what you know today true nourisher and I
hope that maybe dude seriously quote me
on this we should get you to come with
us on a shoot Jude's in Atlanta Atlanta
Savannah Savannah Jude's in Savannah
right now
working on a movie and then right after
that he'll be working on another movie
and he'll be over here on the East Coast
so soon I'm going to go meet up with
Jude will they let me on set I wish I
said it's my set thank you oh yeah
so we guys we will get to have a
backstage look without giving away too
much we'll be there for you anyway it's
not so much the movie but we'll go and
hang out with you
thumbs up if you want to see us go hang
out with Jude on set check out this
sweet new trick Island watch honey catch
they worked there like a magician now
awesome time for breakfast
you see these tricks are getting better
and better so good so we've had
breakfast eggs delicious and I had fruit
I cut up some mangos everything
everything is perfect today is turning
out to be a beautiful day we're gonna
get outside before all that goes away
I'm not sure that it will but we just
want to be out there so thank you guys
so much for watching I hope you enjoyed
how to make a giant huge water blob so
that's all I got for you guys today
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see all of you right back
here
