guys currently December 31st 2017 what
so Christmas is over and we didn't
really share that part with you because
well I've been trying to do like a whole
holiday thing in one so I want to take
you guys back to Christmas which was so
spectacular what is happening it is
Christmas in you guys and everyone's
getting like super excited we just came
back from spending the whole day you
know hanging out with the family we went
to Roman Brits and we head out there and
we went to my parents as usual tradition
stuff now we're getting the table ready
for Santa you want to put a cookie out
there for Santa are you ready for Santa
oh you think he's gonna like that one
yeah okay great you think the hats a
good addition he already has a hat I'm
sure mrs. Claus yeah oh and there's also
this it's snowing
ah hey go are you playing in the snow
you guys we haven't had a white
Christmas around here in quite a few
years this is gonna be exciting if it
stays till morning good night buddy
I'll see you the warden good night
Wisie wake up I think Santa came
what is that No
no absolute oh I know you're gonna wear
them today easy and Merry Christmas Liza
you need to kiss look at you this is so
who's here oh my goodness the kids are
enjoying their toys they're so happy man
Merry Christmas
I forgot to show you the best part it's
the white Christmas no it's so awesome
that we're having a white Christmas it's
literally been years since we've had a
white Christmas
very awesome Theo Merry Christmas I
can't open the door my hands are cold
mom mom it's a white Christmas
look look outside it's snowing again ahh
my mom kept telling me she is gonna get
us a puppy for Christmas and I'm like no
no no no no no we do not need a puppy
this is the bit Veronica did that to me
twice we do not need a puppy and she
kept saying
she goes open your gift open your gift I
opened this and it's full of everything
for a puppy and a kennel I'm like no
she's like wait I got something up and
she goes against it and brings me this
this I can work with these guys right
here I feel like what's happening right
now is the passing of a tradition yeah
grandpa's teaching the ladies how to do
the Western omelet and this is something
we've done every single Christmas for as
long as I remember right right after
presents are opened when grandpa's out
here just making the most bomb Western
omelets ever so they're doing pretty
good they're doing good yeah well super
fine diced ham and onion buttered toast
or buttered bread I personally like
toast I like to watch your name is
important a midnight in the red right
okay clearly colin is really enjoying
his Christmas gift what do you see there
Oh Elsa in the Christmas tree you like
that Christmas ornament yeah hmm I'm
sure Carson is up here enjoying his
Christmas gift too
what are you doing boy you're playing
roblox yeah on your computer do you love
it yeah I knew you would Liza what you
got there is that a dream house
do you love it I mean the kids had an
amazing Christmas and we all did it's
been such a wonderful holiday season and
the kids have been off you know out of
school on Christmas vacation and so we
wanted to take them do something really
cool which Roman invited us to and that
was to go see the Harlem Globetrotters I
cannot verbally explain just how cold it
is look at that 17 degrees yesterday we
were out here with I had a beanie a
facemask my thickest North Face coat a
base layer thermal sweats and snow pants
and some pretty decent boots and it was
still frozen your books fell out don't
worry I'll fix them for you
you ready there's so many exciting parts
already new in the box
look at that country the proud owner of
a new tier III Apple watch dude welcome
to the Apple watch they're almost cool
you know
yeah we got the g-shock just got G show
I'm about to help country set up his
Apple watch but first in one word
explain what was going through your head
yesterday when that x3 just fell through
the ice
and you don't want to go in Brad you
were super cold and it was cold out
super bowl I knew something bad was
about to happen Roman kept getting
braver and braver and then he tried to
cross the ice well you saw a super word
but then sine came to my mind Roman goes
I don't care what happens
she was keep filming you know I don't
know I just felt if I was ready to drop
the camera for once a country was the
camera guy not me I was in there
enjoying the ride scary but fun alright
now that's out of the way super easi
I'm the tech guy so I get to set
everyone's things up we're gonna right
go to see the Harlem Globetrotters have
you ever seen the Globetrotter no but I
go to Harlem all the time I'm excited
for the kids cuz this is something like
I feel like the Globetrotters is
something the adults can enjoy but the
kids really are gonna their mind they're
gonna be mind blown micro they're gonna
be mind blown for sure it's gonna be
really cool okay so they probably won't
allow me to bring this big camera in
there so I think we're just gonna switch
to this one Wow yes that's a little bit
whether you got the picture
that was fun bro dude it's not like it's
not just a basketball game it's like
watching a movie show yeah it's like
live action what's that old school
what's that basketball game really cool
did you guys have fun did you guys have
a fun time oh we're being overtaken by
the kids guys help me yeah I just want
to say thanks again for the invite
this was fun it was a fun thing to go to
a hockey
there's the trampolines they were doing
two o'clock I can do it
all Ryan you're crazy enough this is
booth we have video proof all God he's
ready which brings us to New Year's Eve
and we are spending it here with our
closest friends what what do you think
are you ready for 2018 you ready for a
new year abrupt totally a.m.
dude you spent Christmas at the beach
how was it it was excellent white sand
clear water they went to Destin for
Christmas it was probably one of the
best Christmas vacations ever probably
Happy New Year to you guys thank you so
much for an amazing 2017 it's about time
you celebrate we've got some sparkling
grape juice for the kids you know so
they can celebrate too can't wait for a
new some new beginnings are about
Happy New Year guys
oh so here we are it's finally 2018 and
we've finished out the year really
taking things easy and you know just
spending a lot of time with the family
and figuring out where to go from here
fun VR I'm trying to figure out we got
this oculus rift for Christmas I'm
trying to figure out how to make that
into my live streams it's really
difficult but I'll get it sorted but
here's what I'm thinking you guys know I
love tech and I have all sorts of
different tech to use to create the
videos that you know that I've been
making the past few years and I feel
like I really want to share that with
you guys like I want to teach you how to
use like drones and sliders and gimbals
and what cameras are the best to get
what types of shots what settings can
use to get really cool-looking footage I
feel like I have to give you something
like I want it I want to teach you how
to make great footage and I know a lot
of you are really interested in making
YouTube videos so I feel like that's
like a perfect fit for me so right off
the bat I feel like I'm gonna commit to
uploading vlogs on this channel once a
week anything more is gonna be a bonus
and you can expect these videos every
single Saturday on top of that I want to
try and create a really unique style of
showing you guys cool tech a lot of you
know me as the camera guy so that's what
I should you know embodies is how to how
to work cameras and how to make cool
videos so I'm still gonna be around in
and I really do want to keep creating
for you guys regardless of what has
happened on YouTube as a lot of you know
YouTube has changed and it's only smart
to change with it change is something
that will happen to all of us in any
aspect of our lives to adapt change is
something that I feel like is very very
important and that's what we're gonna do
so with that my friends I want to say
thank you so much for an amazing 2017 I
really don't have like a look back or
anything but you know I want you to know
that I appreciate every single
one of you your support through all of
this year and the previous years it
really does mean everything to us so
thank you from the bottom of my heart so
there it is guys 2018 is here I hope you
plan to make the best of it I know we're
going to I can't wait to show you what
we'll be working on in the future and
yeah that's it for me today thank you so
much for watching we'll see you right
back here next time
