whoa my goodness you know when the
temperature starts reaching upwards of
like now 85 degrees which it is today
which is amazing you start thinking
about the pool that's what we're going
to do that we're going to start working
on the pool but we got to get we're
going to go get light you guys I'm
literally blown away today the weather
is insanely beautiful it's beautiful
outside for one it's been reported in
our area anyways that ticks are really
bad this year and there's certain ticks
that carry a very dangerous to these
more dangerous than the Lyme disease
that they typically carry anyway and
what makes it even more scary
I've already had ticks on me not like
attached but last night Eliza had a tick
on her head Veronica told me that
peppermint will help keep ticks away
like peppermint oil but you never want
to put peppermint oil on a tick that's
already attached to you because it will
cause the tick to regurgitate okay and
then fit whatever disease it may have
into your open wound
to that you know there's plenty of stick
remove methods you have to look it up on
Google yeah being careful of the text
Wow have you ever seen a cooler pair of
shoes look at those and there's Liza
where we go you like that backpack she
liked that backpack that's a cool
backpack ha you can't put it on your
back when you're sitting down silly but
that he won't sit on that all right I
got Liza before we get started with what
the focus of today's vlog is going to be
I want to show you guys what we did for
Veronica for Mother's Day and all right
so I decided like I do want to get
Veronica something everybody gets their
moms on Mother's Day which is you know
bouquet of flowers and you put in a vase
on the table top and they just die in a
week anyway so what we did was we've
rushed home this is Sunday we've rushed
home Veronica had to go do the horse
stuff and me and the boys we planted all
these we had to like do all the I'm
going to get all the weeds out and
everything and we went and bought her a
bunch of flowers that will grow and be
here all summer long and I didn't really
catch much of that stuff on film
matter of fact what I did catch i
formatted in the card today it was it
was emotional for her she she was
emotional I'm gonna end up edging this
and then building some sort of like
wooden I guess like box around this and
that and then she once also do a planter
over here with lattice that goes all the
way up so she can put roses and stuff
but I yeah that's we dip here for
Mother's Day and she loved you ready to
get wet dude it's hot in it yeah you're
wearing a sweatshirt I don't know
uncle Roman let this sweet sweet little
device all hooked up still so did hop in
have fun up in there boy
just shooting water way up there you
want to jump in there
we got change your clothes okay want to
get wet a little lies is like I don't
want anything to do with that I'm
playing in the sand
it is hot out today I'm gonna get up
there and get a little spritzer
what baby would you find oh it's a rock
she found rock look at you you're all
wet you are all wet the dogs love that
you love it don't you don't you girl
okay
two in a row what - oh yeah here's what
I want to do today this area right here
is a mess I just put these cinder blocks
here last year to just you know it was a
temporary thing but I want to make it
way better a layer of the grass off the
same size as a platform that I'm going
to build using an old pallet to keep the
grass or any vegetation from growing
underneath and take a square piece of
plastic and lay it underneath put sand
and then the platform we should be good
to go okay
this monster stick what the heck is that
eggs behind it what is that white ball
what is that gonna move it do that thing
that that thing is definitely eggs bro
right behind it it's towing eggs
Oh
and
and
that cable management though I don't
know what you think but this looks
pretty clean I like that
I haven't reconnected all this stuff yet
because I need to I need to dump the
sand and change out the sand but yeah
man that looks way better eventually I
want to cut out a little bit of a circle
around the rest of the hole and put rock
beside it so I'm not edge against the
pool
I'm edging against rock I think that'll
be better but the next task at hand is
to get this tarp off and there's
Veronica
Rockhead run it
wrong with it we need you ha ha Connor
I'm a summer look we get that
look how clean that water is well
relatively thing you want to try Oh
all she wants to defend that hell yeah
that's cool man I can't believe the
difference between the waters and that
and that thing is it cold
yeah yeah you want to scoop it
oh that feels amazing we feel good my
feet up shoes on do this it'd be crazy
dogs
yes really mm um like full power
make your taste
girl like Oh get it girl yeah yeah
perfect nothing greater than having such
a wonderful day in a beautiful weather
I'm having a nice cookout afterwards
tonight for dinner doing barbecue
chicken pickin mash shall we show him oh
look at that pretty stuff see the kids
don't like a couple of the kids don't
like barbecue sauce see that is some
barbecue chicken first day so far
that was in 80 almost took my shirt out
been like sun's out guns out but I
didn't probably have a tan line I was
trying to get tan already I'm I'm like
how was your day exhausting but good no
new product in there today digit
spinners you bro home right okay after
dinner we're going to do one final cool
thing for the vlog today have a pretty
epic idea not the first to it but first
here uncle Roman their home the coolest
most epic most popular toy is it a toy
mm-hmm oh just a toy this toy to focus
joy like you would take to school the
smile more fidget spinners are here and
we've got some of the first ones what
numbers did you get only got number
3,100 four oh six eight you got what
no that's you got number two mm 151 the
smile more frigid spinners are now
available by the time you watch us but
we're going to take these ones and see
how they stack up to a hundred and fifty
psi
nah we're going to unless than the help
of a vise because I don't know how bad
this is going to be alright so the vise
is going to hold it holds it pretty well
right and we're going to shoot air right
across it are you ready
oh man
I'm going to see how how long it will
spin we'll give it until the air
compressor kicks on so that'll be a
whole hundred fifty pounds of pressure
and we'll see how long it spins ready
I'll let you guys watch the stopwatch as
we do it I'll start it as soon as I stop
the air ready here we go boom fifty two
point six nine seconds is that a good
rate for a kg spinner is it pretty good
weight yeah we just wanted to kind of
see what the fidgets spinners would do
in a high-pressure air secure so mine I
can do yours come on now mark mine mine
I give my special editions okay okay
special edition all right just after 10
o'clock and you guys should have been in
bed a little while ago you guys were
coming up on summer did you got like
cams about less than two weeks of school
left isn't that exciting days nine days
are you excited nine day to school
column yeah your card kind of made like
a little white spot what else cool we
learned how to spice up our pool by
making just a quick nice easy little
adjustment build a platform put your
pool pump um I hope you guys found that
useful and we did have a little bit of
fun with them frigate spinner that's
awesome I love it
as always guys thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here next time
