hey guys good morning today's gonna be a
busy day we've got a lot of stuff
planned and I'm pretty excited because I
just got off the phone over text with my
buddy Kevin teets is his name he's a
really incredible BMX rider and one of
the first people that we'll be shooting
for legends of awesome
and everything's ago for me to go get
some clips and film with him tonight so
we're gonna go film some BMX tonight and
I'm super super super super excited
about that but first filming at a skate
park I like to use my skateboard so that
I can follow and get some follow shots
so I need to I have these bearings that
I've had for a while so I need to change
out the bearings on my skateboard I'll
be honest guys it's been a long time
since I've put new bearings and skate
wheels but it's like riding a bike you
really never forget and I'll tell you
what I really miss the days when I used
to skateboard I wasn't ever really that
good but it was something that I loved
to do and I did it almost every single
day I used to wake up in the morning and
grab my board and head down the street
cuz we had a little skate park and I
would try and get better and try and try
and try and I made it pretty far I
didn't I didn't end up learning all the
crazy tricks but I still could ride part
like a pro drop-ins and quarter ramps I
love gaps gaps with my favorite if
you've never popped off wheels before
you just take off your nut here and then
there's a washer before the wheel and
then on the other side on the inside of
the truck voila new wheels pathetic sky
just left and brought me a package let's
see what we got
oh it's the grace box honey you hungry
we're trying out this great snack grace
is like a subscription snack based
service or you can get like it's like a
week's worth of snacks that they
customize based on what what kind of
stuff you like to eat what you wouldn't
you know what you like you know we're
trying to change our lifestyle and eat
better and you know there's probably
even though there's probably crap in the
cabinet we we definitely are trying to
make an effort to eat better and
Veronica's doing this water thing maybe
she's trying to drink eight bottles of
water a day and I'm trying to gain
weight so I'm trying to eat constantly
and we're just looking for new options
different stuff so we're trying out
great holy cow
that looks good caramel apple sweet
mustard range oh gosh boys the kids
probably like this too
you guys want to try some new snacks
yeah
look here's banana caramel dippers that
sound good you can try that one you're
gonna try the cashews I'm gonna try
these cashews honey drizzle cashews
that's actually really good I like that
they put nuts in here too because we're
at collab fest Pete told me then nuts Oh
your friend you take eat a lot of nuts
whenever you can peanut butter cashews
peanuts almonds any kind of nuts and
good for you and they're full protein so
what is a good option which ones you got
how are those on track
haha Carson says these things are giving
them SuperSpeed no no they actually are
I'm serious
obviously these are really good and
they're not just normal snacks they're
definitely thoughtful snacks and I
they're non-gmo and they're good for you
mostly so if you guys would like to try
graze I actually got a special night for
you alone click the link in the
description and you get a free for snack
box like this and try it out for
yourself I think they're delicious
all right know what snack times over we
have a job to do let me take you guys
upstairs to show you just what Carson
did to his bed already took the mattress
off but so he was jumping because colin
was pushing on the underneath and this
this support bar broom more I'm gonna
take it all the way off dude so I need
to get my tape measure to figure out how
long this piece is and then I'll cut it
and then we'll drill it and then we'll
put a new one up steel I don't have
steel lying around or else I would how
lucky are we to have Veronica who's been
crazy about pallets this so happened to
have wood right here available in the
garage that's awesome so I think we'll
just make the replacement support beam
out of this now I'll just line up the
edge there
mark My Line
I'll need something to get me to the
edge but we'll just cut this one of all
the things I need and don't have yet a
saw but I got this handheld saw so I'll
just cut it with this there we go
well Jay it was nice enough to loan me
his corded drill which is awesome
so what we need to do to get these
pilots figured out is we got to do some
measurements and I got a measure to find
the center of this board and then how
far from the edge to the hole it is on
the bed all right center lines marked
there's my hole right there boom that
little spot this is easy guys I don't
know why I need to walk you through it
you just do it drill your holes and put
it back together yeah
here's two all done there's our first
job done now I need to go fix the
four-wheeler okay so to fix the boiler
we got to do the rope trick around the
tires and I have a big long length of
rope right we're gonna tie a loop in the
end of it like this
so we might need some
all the way around just like that so
this way we can wrap it around the tire
and beat this part through and we're
gonna end up pulling on this to make it
tighter go ahead and tied two knots
here's why we're gonna take this part up
here like this oh I think I'm gonna work
either son of a beep well that didn't
work
try the ratchets back so I got the
ratchet strap on here all the way around
the tire probably would help to make
sure that everything's like dead center
so we can just start squishing this
thing
Veronica came over to me she's like do
you need help I couldn't get it I
couldn't get it but I moved to the front
one I got that one real quick using the
ratchet strap but I noticed one thing
that one side of the bead it's really
strong when when it's on the steel see
when it's flat like this you could
literally reach in there and push
against that back wall and push it back
up against the beat along here you see
how that's on there before it wasn't now
taking the weight off of it by putting
it on a block Veronica's gonna put the
air in and I promise you I know it's
gonna work I'm gonna pull the rubber to
meet the metal and it's gonna fill up
with no ropes or no retro stress at all
yeah
yeah yeah we freaking did it
friggin did it yes
it just took a little bit of
stretching ahead
I did it we did it
the ignition won't won't turn over
because it doesn't have enough charge I
guess we didn't charge you long enough
so I'll have to take this back to charge
and they can ride it hopefully later
tonight I don't know but I'm gonna get
ready to go film I've been waiting for
this day for a long time it's time to go
film I'm so excited
wish me luck Colin I will I will
alright Lancaster look at the sky before
I left him for most of the day today it
was all cloudy and no Sun well like
right above us
the sky opened up how cool is that
that's great great for filming skatepark
time it's not too crowded which is
perfect but check out who's here well
let's go find him so we made it to
linkster skate park this place is always
crowded and busy with the amazing cave
of teats Kevin is gonna be doing some
tricks I hope you don't wear you out too
much not too much now I'm pretty good
day was awesome
you're already smoking swim yeah we did
be a nice shadows all day in
Pennsylvania so nice how there you go we
do some school shows like that some
school assemblies
my parents are bullying any joke so for
kids it's awesome favorite around do
some sugar DK bicycles and you know
let's go change some lives
dude that's more than a rider right
they're decent human being all right
Kevin let's do this
Kevin's contemplating on whether he
should hit that hit the top of this
pyramid and jump over or gap it from the
upside of the other ramp it's pretty
sketchy if you miss pretty sketchy you
good what you think taking risks and a
body until you do it I mean how can they
be artists for it and listen just so you
feel safe I'm gonna keep 911 on speed
dial
okay thanks being friend okay back hey
break a leg
I was awesome so we both just bit the
dust I I failed on my skateboard follow
and Kevin Kevin just bit it on a flare
on this man you flare back to back bad
not good I really told for this or what
me I might be maybe I might be starting
to feel that way anyway let's hit it
again what are we talking about here's
the deal we are out of light so we can't
really catch any more good footage today
and the clip that cost me this we
actually went back to different tight to
different takes to get it done and we
got the clip and it looks awesome so
we're about the head out here Kevin my
man I was awesome man he's gonna take us
to where Grove City and bi great city
was actually now currently my home skate
park since the flow of skate park
currently is no longer available to us
so yeah it does suck I mean it's where
we always went and trained all the time
so I'm actually yeah 1 2 & 3 so I was
there for every single one of among my
best friends on it so we're there three
to four times a week you know training
for everything is good so it's awesome
yeah well I enjoyed it my knees enjoyed
it yes huge shout out to Kevin for
participating and
you know joining the cause there was a
lot of fun
we filmed hard and I learned a couple
things like number one need to go get
insurance on my camera because I'm not
gonna not film flips like that or in war
didn't like dangerous situations because
the clip that we got is awesome
and I want to do I want to film like
that and number two for shoots like this
we need to film all day
as much as they can film it's it's
different it's case-by-case because not
everyone's gonna be BMX riders you know
skateboarders are high action sports but
we do film like this we're going to need
all day we started at six seven o'clock
and we got a lot of footage but I think
we could have got more I think we could
finish the action shots and
the interview and one day we started at
like the morning cuz I got the cool so
why it takes care of me he's not white
anymore for sure I was just gonna go out
in the gravel and rub some dirt on under
something
well it's been a pretty productive day
and I think the perfect way to end it is
with a little bit of ice cream I'm just
relaxed my lady
yeah let's watch another movie yeah
let's do that
yeah let's watch a movie
that's so wrong on me that's so wrong
welcome to breakfast eggs and Veronica
towelhead they're in coffee of course
coffee that's always on the agenda in
the morning and checking out YouTube
comments you know I read the comments
from yesterday's vlog and you guys
literally stalked us with food and
dinner ideas for the next century a lot
of ideas I hope you're ready to cook
that's that also in one of the comments
I forget his name a nice young fella who
constantly tells me about geocaching and
I decided to download the app for
geocaching and it seems really cool and
I think it'd be something fun to do on a
day that we don't have anything to do
and to be honest there's geocaching
locations I looked it up on the app all
over the place so the boys and I and
Veronica and the baby hopefully we're
getting to some geocaching sometime soon
I think that'll be actually a lot of fun
so thank you for the suggestion yeah we
made it happen
well I need to get myself ready for the
day I hope you enjoyed the vlog today a
lot of cool stuff I I still feel really
sore from biting the dust on my board
yesterday I haven't done that for a long
time Fionna but it was a lot of fun
first steps in the book for legends of
awesome so give it a big thumbs up guys
give this vlog a huge thumbs up for
legends of awesome it has begun soon
we'll be going to LA to shoot the
trailer and announce my partner which I
can't wait to do three things coming
together guys so thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see all of
you right back here
