come on wait I almost forgot you guys
we're out on the town just me and the
boys and we're at the old loaves we're
here look because there's a bunch of
pictures that we took off the wall when
we repainted so I need to find there's
some tool I've ever seen
that makes rehang on the pictures really
easy so I'm looking for that and what is
it Colin
what were you wanting oh no look my boys
looks like we're gonna have to get a
target I found this thing that I'm
talking about at Target so I'll have to
get party man light bulbs just keep
getting more expensive two light bulbs I
usually get reveal two light bulbs for
7:38 that's a while so we're gonna try
these natural daylight CFLs I need more
than four I'm gonna have to get like
three of these cuz I gotta keep it
bright for you guys in the house when
it's dark out
we're just vent $30 on eight light bulbs
that's pretty crazy but that's okay
because I want you guys to see us in the
dark now we were gonna go to Olive
Garden because Veronica was at her
grandma's hanging out and she she went
home already so instead of going Olive
Garden making her drag the baby back out
we're gonna go to the store and pick up
all the stuff we need to make a super
delicious Italian dinner really are you
belly aching dude put those straps in
front of you it's come on come on come
on come on let's go
time for some Italian recipe making yeah
I don't even know what we're gonna make
but I know it's gonna get the spaghetti
number one I think I want spaghetti not
like lasagna because we've had that
recently oh oh no I fix this oh geez
who's the dumb-dumb who messed up the
door I only know how to fix that because
that's the doors that we do windows with
mm-hmm
all right we're doing good we got
everything we need to make this
spaghetti lettuce delicious-looking
cinnamon rolls for tomorrow I thought
I'd take a chance on the chip aisle and
see if they had the oh yes oh yes
Doritos yeah I love new jewellery toes
let's see
look supposedly look supposedly some of
the chips in here are very very very hot
and some of them are just regular cheese
so you don't know what you're gonna get
yeah but I bet you I can tell just by
looking at it which one's the hot one
and Veronica was at the ye olde mill
yesterday and I didn't get any ice cream
so I've got a
I guess I should get some velvet huh
since I've missed out on velvet there's
like 500 different flavors two varieties
of ice cream velvet velvet
boom this is the local stuff I know
mommy would like mommy would like some
mint chocolate chip
my favorite is butter pecan
butter pecan
is my absolute favorite I also like
cashews too soon whatever
where are you welcome ladies and
gentlemen start your engines here we go
you're supposed to be on the side with
me College
you gotta steer it I'm not steering it
oh my god just to take us all right we
killed it
good job guys high fives on the shopping
high fives here yeah there you go
I know it's cuz I fixed it we're gonna
fix you messed up come on dude
steer this thing we're gonna fix the
four-wheeler we survived the grocery
money what you do we missed you yeah let
there be light two different times brah
went to the store now sounds like we
need lightbulbs get like officers she
hasn't got him and and ever since then
incrementally every time I turn on a
switch a different light bulb is blowing
so that's why I have to get light bulbs
people are so bright it changes
everything
I didn't buy enough but you can tell
look at that writer than the Sun yeah on
the color scale 5000 is a more blue
light and I kind of like that I don't
like that stale yellow looking they call
them soft white not white at all
soft White's probably
some more more like here so I like this
I like this get this Cathy just showed
up she goes I got a present for you she
just watched the vlog from yesterday and
she shows up with a bag of these when
literally you guys see it just a couple
clips prior I picked up a bag but that's
okay because I love burritos
look try these right now who's gonna
play do readers rule that with me all
right I got my first one is they do all
with the same we're gonna do this at the
same time Wow how did you gonna what do
you want again oh my god I want a hot
one for crying hopes for this one here
again and it mine didn't hardly look
like
the hot one I don't do hot stuff
beep that's weird
hmm it's only 80% lean supposed to get
97% lean for what better for you look
Veronica only likes ragu old trick
old-world style flavored with meat
flavored with meat it's not actual
meeting so what does meat flavor I like
the traditional style I say whatever now
you want a real pasta sauce you get this
local product car phone yes I think
that's how you say it I don't even know
how to say that
Puttanesca Oh Puttanesca I tell you it's
got spicy tomato garlic and black olives
in it I've never had this before this
was a seven dollar bottle of sauce so to
me that screams quality so I'm thinking
that's good and spicy oh and by the way
I thought you were cooking there no you
said you were cooking dinner I did not
say that you did now you're like putting
spoon-feeding words in my mouth Yeah
right
you said honey I got stuff for Italian
tonight for dinner and I'm gonna make it
for you and it's gonna be so delicious
right we're not completely getting out
of this you need to wash the salad you
get the salad ready how about that I
don't want salad
hey you don't throw food in our house
stop it before I forget we were gonna
fix the four-wheeler the tires on the
four-wheelers four-wheeler is tubeless
all the tires are tubeless tires and
they've all come off of the beat so if
you pump air into it the air just gets
out and I saw a couple tips on how to
get the tubeless tires back on the beat
one way is by using wd-40 and igniting
it seriously I feel like I'm obligated
to try that just to show you if it works
or not
and then there's the you can tie a
ratchet strap or a rope around the tire
and get it super tight and pretty much
squish the tire basically off back onto
the beat so we're gonna try that and
even if I fix the tires today the boys
can't ride it because that four-wheeler
requires I don't know why the battery
has to be plugged into the wall to
charge for the ignition so I it takes
like half a day to charge so we need to
charge it overnight and then tomorrow
morning we'll fix the wheels and that'll
be back to you tomorrow
I think what we should do from now on is
it seems to be we always like to cook in
the vlogs and show you guys what we're
cooking but I just found myself
wondering what what do you guys cook so
why don't you email me or leave a
comment and tell me what's your favorite
meal and how to prepare it it's send us
the ingredients and we'll pick one and
then make it in the vlogs and of course
give you the shoutout for your meal and
and I think it would be really cool a
good interactive way for us to share
meal ideas with each other because I'll
be honest I don't like even the same
thing every single day and if you're
like my family we kind of have this set
type of foods that we eat it's nice to
branch out and try new things so let's
let's grow as a community and figure out
what each other likes to eat
so put your meal suggestions
in the comments section and if we like
it we'll email each other the recipe and
we'll share in the blogs then now is
saved what you guys think
yeah the Olive Garden us the old garden
dressing was a good mommy we're doing
dinner we all decided that we were well
I kind of eat out everyone I want to
watch that new movie that just came out
Jupiter ascending
we're Channing Tatum and Mila Kunis you
care that through that so we're gonna
just chill and watch an awesome epic
space movie
what's a good movie Jupiter ascending
was pretty good but it's time for lights
out
hmm good morning I got all my little
babies up hi there sweetheart good
morning hey good morning the boys were
upstairs watching a movie when we were
watching a movie and they were messing
around and Carson jumped on his top bunk
he jumped on it and broke one of the
support pieces underneath the mattress
yeah still very disappointing that they
broke their bed it's still pretty brand
new but now it's broken so we have to
repair that today and you're helping
yeah this is my routine in the morning
as when you wake up you gotta get all
the kids fed the boys just had cereal
it's time for Eliza to have a bottle she
likes to have 4 ounces when she gets up
in the morning so obviously you're going
to add the water two scoops of this fake
milk powdered formula mix it up this
little thing is super awesome by the way
I think her stepmom Kathy brought it for
us
better than shaking it we shake the
bottles you get too much air in that pay
for a bottle and then after I get
everyone else fed then I'll feed myself
I like to make this aside from coffee I
like to make those uh fruit fruit shakes
so I'll put like strawberry bananas
blueberries and almond milk and blend it
all up and suck it down Oh
enjoy
mmm look at all that fruit and
strawberries blueberries bananas mangoes
in the almond milk veronica's in charge
of smoothies this morning how's it going
everything going well yeah I tell you
what these blueberries I call these
blueberries are awesome so big the last
set of blueberries I got all over like
yeah but I hear they don't produce as
much their first year here we got a lot
of stuff to do today gotta fix the boys
bed so that could be a cool learning
experience while we're on the project of
building things with wood I think it
would be a good time for us to I want to
build these boxes out front for the
flower beds right up against the porch
so we're gonna do that shouldn't take
very long actually alright guys that's
all for us today thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see all of you
right back here tomorrow
