hey people what's up you guys are going
on a little adventure with me today and
the kids and we're going with Grammy and
my niece Livi we want a little place
called the e Old Mill it's been some
number of years since I have been to
this place but it's pretty cool little
place
I'll show you what were you thinking
was there
just ahead
we may be hey guys I want here um when I
was in school yeah you came here for a
field trip
didn't ya yeah so it's kind of raining
on us a little bit we've got umbrellas
never hurt anyone
this Liza's in here sleep in she's
covered but you see up here this is you
see the old mill well see the little
thing up there will show you the inside
a little bit so they have these geese
here to sleep in here here give me the
umbrella can you keep it on to me you
take this give me the umbrella
a little rain never killed you look at
that big old goose look he's coming he's
huge remember one time we came here you
brought us every on and we were getting
chased by duckies there's a monkfish so
there's not many ducks out here today
but there are some fish come here and go
fish think and see over there in those
trees there's a bunch of bah birds and
lines that have been caught from people
fishing
my dad used to bring me fish in here
when we were kids very pretty place come
even though it is raining this is what
it's like juggling kids and bread and
umbrellas
so these visas librarian two maids in
the middle of nowhere just in the middle
of the then then these damn it must be a
bad egg haha bad egg
so here's a little history in the ye
olde mill just a big ol waterwheel
I think it's pretty much shoes shoes for
decoration now let's cool it still works
kind of makes me don't let the baby
first you blended that you pasteurize it
then you crazy
here's some an ice cream quiz skin stuff
on which day of the week was the most is
the most ice cream soul Sunday you say
Saturday any oh it's Sunday
what was else's favorite ice cream
butter pecan brandy peach ice cream or
banana nut sundae what do you think I am
brandy peach Elvis loved all kinds ice
creams favorite chocolate what about
this one
wait hold on true or false when ice
cream was served to new immigrants in
the US on Ellis Island many of them
spread it on their bread thinking it was
a new type of cold butter it's true this
is although indeed they serve here
all friends
Virginia levy
so all the kids got mint chocolate chip
so your favorite all my kids I'll get
mint chocolate chip today
they all want mint chocolate chip what's
your favorite kind of ice cream
all right guys outing for the day here
at the Old Mill kiddos
they obviously still have energy that
needs burn off but it's raining so they
can't really get too late it's chilly
you end up sick what's up guys did you
miss me
I hope Veronica was was you know nice
enough to show you guys around what did
the geese you're feeding the geese in
the Old Mill mini adventure
it's too bad because like today is
today's a wash man it's rainy it's cold
like 60 degrees was the high today I
said nope I got stuff to do so I
finished up one of my review videos and
actually a quick tip now we're gonna go
have dinner at my mama's my mama house
come on with me come on I need lettuce
in this all right now we need lettuce
for tacos yeah Jenna already has
hamburger
yeah she's our guy hamburger you're good
helper dude you're gonna help her at the
store grab that other bag yeah we gotta
get to Grandma's she's making tacos I
love her
can you handle it come on let's go to
Grandma's I hate it though I don't want
the rain I can't complain the weakness
on the other side of our great nation
there are people desperately waiting for
rain like this
I guess I should just shut my mouth and
be happy I should go I here and stand in
the rain with my mouth open and just me
think doubtful yeah with my mouth open
catchy
today would be a good date actually play
in the rain because
Thunder storming do you have under
awaiting it's just the ring that's kind
of its really gee look at that if you
want to cruise it's frigging June 1st
and it's 51 Marys
I need a good at
we're going away
I'm calling you out on the blog I come
in the kitchen mom's gone well I'll just
turn it off if you're gonna do that she
remember dancing I made that part up but
I always think she didn't like my dance
this is your scent gonna turn it off cuz
your dance don't freaked me out
that's so mean
I'm an amazing dancer didn't you see me
on Dancing with the Stars at one time I
didn't I made that up too I was never on
dance it's not really did you tell
everyone what she did today today I'll
tell you what I don't know if any of you
have ever taken your kids to the doctor
to get shots but it is the worst thing
in the world because as soon as the
doctor pokes that poor baby's leg
probably over here on this side they
scream worse than they they scream worse
than dated them and they came out of the
vagina they really do and it's the worst
thing ever it makes you feel like you're
you failed as a parent
but really you're doing good I guess
yeah she's happy now oh I didn't tell
you this morning when you were gone I
come back upstairs from the basement I
was doing some stuff in the basement
convention stairs to get my cup of
coffee I grabbed a cup of coffee with
this hand I grabbed a cup of coffee I
see something fall off of it and I'm
like I look over and there's a freaking
spider on my hand and I like look and I
dropped my whole cup of coffee it was a
big spider June one with a hairy bar
this big yeah as a big black hairy butt
spider
that's a wolf spider by the way are you
sure it was like this big are you really
making me they're not gonna glue I guess
I gotta go to your taco shells cuz hers
are like some it's like rock it's like
are they frozen thank you that's why
they're like that MA
they're frozen so you throw at the dogs
I got word of a new Doritos on the
streets the roulette Doritos I can't
find them anywhere someone's gonna need
to send me a bag because I don't think
they carry him I don't think they carry
him local yet this is the only Doritos
zigga there's your dang tortilla shell
I got the best ones too
they were frozen also they were cold not
burden I'm just kidding I just kidding
laughs Eliza all right this is how we're
doing this chips put them in the bowl
cross them big old scoop of that taco
beef chatter cheese give up cheese like
I do you got to pile it up got some
lettuce it's a green onion put some salt
in there and then some sour cream oh yes
taco in a bowl I guess I mean Tabasco I
just tried to go out in the shop to get
those jobs grandpa's got an entire I
think it's a tiller motor all hold
poured all over that table yeah not
gonna happen today
there's too much too much stuff ready
honey
he's not warm Veronica's notorious of
leaving her fantasies
is that right mom thanks for dinner mom
Thanks you ready for bed Carly yeah
Pollan wants to be carried to bed oh it
doesn't keep kitty yeah just what QT
what did you do while we were gone huh
oh you won't say had everyone good night
daddy love you
good night Colin you ready for bed honey
me too me too but it's gonna be so
boring with us just going to bed so
let's just go get coffee in the morning
okay yeah good morning thanks for making
coffee it was pretty crazy huh we just
were time travelers we traveled through
time and space from night times a day
time and our coffees are you ready it's
pretty sweet huh
what uh yeah good morning yeah
drunk is feeling playful today I guess I
just got a shower everything's great
just had some breakfast
Veronica's old glass screen protector
broke so I'm trying to peel that one off
and put on a new shield x2 screen cover
you know keeping it fresh this one on
here is a zag and zag has a lifetime
replacement warranty so if like you
register when you get this I can just
peel this off and stick to a piece of
paper mailed back to them and they'll
mail me a new one for as long as I ah oh
you're gonna your grandma's I'm gonna
end this vlog because I just want to
have some fun with the kids for a little
bit we'll get this uh we'll get this up
as soon as we can
listen thank you guys so much for always
watching and loving us and hanging out
and you know following us it's awesome
that's all we got for you guys today
thank you so much for watching we can't
wait to see all of you right back here
