guys I've literally not picked up my
camera today and it's 5:30 I'm plugging
away on this video and right now
currently I'm scrubbing well I'm doing
these uh character cards like Jake is
Sammy right so I'm making these
introduction character sequences and
before this I had to go through all of
the footage and I tweeted earlier a
hundred and fifty gigs of footage that
we captured yesterday between three
GoPros and the gh4 camera it's it's a
lot so Veronica you're gonna take
everyone outside and show some cool
stuff well while daddy's still working
yeah so Chase is in editing we're gonna
make some homemade bubbles you can and
the recipe for this I actually broke it
in half because I didn't think we needed
12 cups of bubbles we've got six cups of
warm water and you need many cups you
1/2 a cup of corn starch Carson I'm
gonna help hold this
a tablespoon of baking powder all anyone
do this one yeah that thank you okay 1/2
cup of dish soap first time put your 1/2
cup back over there okay 1/2 tablespoon
of one syrup hold it over town you can
eat this stuff on your pancakes ooh see
that the six cups the water nice day
just wait you got to do it real slow cuz
you don't want a bunch of bubbles in
there I know I can feel the cornstarch
oh yeah the cornstarch just kind of
stuck to the bottom isn't it yep
it makes bubbles so it's cornstarch
baking powder this show and corn syrup
I'll see how awesome these bubbles are
oh look at the bubble laser hmm -
something fun to do we've just been
sitting around all day it's been kind of
a lazy day oh how my work in Kherson so
the bubbles come out okay but as I'm
reading on this thing of how to make
them it says let the bubble solution sit
for an hour or more before using it
do you guys want to make something else
while we wait yeah decide what paint do
and do sidewalk paint
yeah well the bubbles settle we're gonna
make what they call sidewalk paint you
take four tablespoons of water six to
eight drops of food coloring which I
already have the food coloring in the
water mixed and then two tablespoons of
the cornstarch again to each of them and
put it in the red one
put two in each of them there you can
kind of see it's not getting mixed up oh
yes but first I do it you have to hold
on to this and hold it down cuz see it's
really tough trying to stir it we got
paintbrushes okay me blue take them over
there on that corner and paint it
something pretty me wedding turning out
hmm
easy : I'm drying house persons and Joe
hums hey honey hi you like being outside
with your arm go there it is you're
dying onto it that's a house it sure is
there's a little air conditioning around
the air conditioning yep what are you
drunk on Oh looks like this looks like
grass it's mommy
mm-hmm does it look so much stuff that I
forgot about the video I know you just
forgot about the video games cuz we were
so busy painting huh some fun to mix up
with the kids wait wait I wouldn't know
let me draw one book you're gonna draw
Bush's sunblock there you go
looks good Carson this is what happens
when you mix cornstarch and water and we
just have enough food coloring in ours
it's so hard to mix because when you
start moving the cornstarch in the
liquid it stiffens up so as you see when
it's at rest it looks like water when
you stir it it's so hard to stir because
stiffens up come here show me the
bubbles I finally got out of the house I
decided there's no way I can finish that
video today and I can't waste a whole
entire day sitting editing I got kids
and I got other other things to do I got
to play with these guys huh here I'll
take one you take one let's do it
together
let's see who can make the bigger one
ready oh there goes one
here we go Cole check that out whoa
mm-hmm you know I would say we should
just go somewhere like the Ohio caverns
or somewhere cool and go enjoy some
nature but the sky looks like that's a
bad idea
looks pretty gnarly actually it's gonna
rain on us oh yeah look at that mess I
know okay easy that's so crazy yeah yeah
that's fun
you did good honey you did the bubbles
and you did sidewalk chalk perfect now I
needed to show them how to make your
your own homemade sprinkler for tonight
what we're gonna have we're gonna make
chicken quesadillas for dinner so we'll
teach you guys how to make that and I
think since we'll be rainy maybe we
should get into some video games video
games recording hmm
recording yeah we still need to do our
gameplay video number three man yeah so
a lot of you been asking what's the
update with the bird nest well it's
still up here and I haven't checked it
for a while and to be honest I haven't
seen the mama bird in here for a while
either so wonderful I wonder if they're
still even up here yes oh they're still
there um I don't know how that works
if the eggs haven't hatched by now I
have a really bad feeling that they
probably won't and we didn't do anything
different to try and drive the bird out
you know she came in built that nest
well we have usually we leave the garage
door open through the day but I haven't
seen her in here for a long time so
fortunately I think they may not make it
which it's kind of sad and I promise it
wasn't my fault all right guys you want
to make some super delish bomb
quesadillas for you and your family to
eat tonight here's how you're going to
do it get your chicken breast and boil
it till it's nice and white all the way
through you don't want it to be
little horse and then one and then you
want to get the green onions
what 1/3 cup of that 2/3 cup of salsa
some cheese shredded cheese shredded
cheese cheese err you know since this is
like cooking show piece right here you
already have some done right what you're
gonna pull out the stuff you already
have done oh yeah no I got all the
chicken cut shred it up so we're going
to put 2 cups of chicken in the pan 2/3
cup of salsa third cup of the green
onions oh we need a tablespoon a
teaspoon a teaspoon I'm sorry of the
ground cumin cumin cumin human human
feed a half a teaspoon of salt and also
1/2 teaspoon of oregano
you're not 8 I'm at too many ingredients
boys don't think they'll like it but
they will love it yeah you've never even
tried it so once you get it in there you
just want to warm it get it all stirred
up but you want to pre-heat your oven to
375 and while that's cooking you want to
get a quarter cup of butter let's melt
it a little more you want it melted only
do it like five or ten second intervals
because it doesn't take much to melt
butter cows time to prep the tortillas
take your tortilla shell and you want to
brush one side with the melted butter
just lightly oh I can't do this and you
long at the same time just lightly brush
it you don't want a bunch because then
it'll make it soggy and then you turn it
over and you put in a center of one side
and spread it out some of your cheese
and then you fold it over like that and
then you continue to use your hands full
and you're out of your mixture you just
want to bake them until they're golden
brown or they're starting to be gone
Brown this is about nine to eleven
minutes or until the the edges of course
in golden brown
yeah and there you have them they are
done you take them out of the oven cut
them up in little wedges serve them one
sour cream and more salsa you ready to
go ready to eat how is it going awesome
awesome it's pretty good for someone who
doesn't like all the ingredients
put in it the whole time on Mike's
innings like I don't like that oh that's
gross that's gross I don't like that I'm
gonna started cooking he's like Oh
something smells good mm-hmm I was like
yeah that's dinner and he loves them
don't jump I'll take a super manly hug
oh my god
once to everyone good night mm-hmm
didn't kiss you you kiss her here good
night sleep tight don't let the bedbugs
bite
hi Colin
we love you me and Veronica just
finished watching this the American
sniper super awesome movie but
everyone's asleep now
so I think I'm gonna follow suit we'll
see a coffee huh what's this no coffee
oh my gosh house clothes right guys so
I've been up here for a big portion of
my day and I've tried to put a lot of
time into making the story of this
speakeasy party cool and I don't know I
feel like I come up a little bit short
but it's still kind of cool fun little
edit I hope you enjoy my my voiceover
and yeah I got to put this to rest so
I'm about to export two videos and put
those up for you today and I hope you
guys like them
this is a really short version of what
happened unfortunately I didn't get
type of footage that I wanted so I tried
my best to come up with some some kind
of story that made sense so yeah so
that's that's all I got for you guys
today thank you guys so much for
watching I can't wait to see all of you
right back here tomorrow
