alright guys it's time to get ready for
this epic night we've been talking about
this for a while so I hope it lives up
to the hype yep yes you are Veronica is
over here steaming this I don't even
know what you call that it looks like a
curtain or something look at Veronica's
hair
it's 1920s yeah I didn't realize that I
actually have a suit I totally forgot I
have I'll see you but no worries because
the bow tie and this is gonna be funny
you guys are gonna get to see me try and
attempt to tie a bow tie for the very
first time ever never have I done this
before and then I'm gonna have to do my
hair completely different let's just
let's get ready I go my GoPro is strung
about just in case I need more shots I
think I'll set these up anyways and then
I've got my portable batteries in case I
need more charge on these more GoPro
batteries and then my cameraman showed
up
sleepy you do not look at the part I
didn't know I had - me neither
until just a few minutes ago but it's
okay cuz roomie like f what everyone
else thinks no one will really ever see
you in the video no except for the vlog
this one this is the most they don't
care no then shoot Shh
immediately it's like when you make the
wrong decision and then tell yourself
the reason I don't think you think
you've done much though your airs kind
of poufy it's always like and now I'm
telling naturally I always go up no I'm
saying
lay down this is a reversible tie I
don't know how you're supposed to get
one side show up and not the other
let's extend now I know you're supposed
to have one side longer than the other
like a normal neck time all right this
is why they make clip-ons I know but you
want to be a real G you tie your own bow
tie I want to be a lowercase G not a big
piece right bringing this part over top
right and then you bring these two
pieces together and you see that hole
there right right so you're supposed to
bring this around this way no wait a
second we want the
yeah this is really just this is the
hard part actually
okay now the more I understand it's hard
to do anything there so I got to do this
pull it tight
that looks like a bowtie maybe you're
supposed to be able to see yeah well you
can't really see it that bad now what do
you think looks like a bow tie man
Chelonia nice to meet you
what the heck let's roll
you ready set let's do this I'm gonna
say this right now I look like a million
bucks right here huh and you look
fantastic
- huh it's a hot one huh yeah you are
hot
let's go here's a couple things that we
need to know before we get here number
one there's no cell phones in the 1920s
so during the party we can't really
can't be really instagramming that joint
or tweeting that tweets
you know I'm saying
wouldn't kill this love Sofia Mears is
my mistress tonight I'm married but not
to not to her she's mine my lady's red
I'm single I'm gonna have the ditch this
take Josh you look quite definite do
that off what is your name stand give
the hat tip yeah that's right there we
go okay so we're gonna set up cameras
and the party is very very shortly
beginning this is gonna go out here yes
yes yes yes I mean look at this place
look if they did here it's so awesome
Josh and Sam they throw a party all
right guys go ahead and screenshot right
now these are my abilities I won't go
over them all cuz like I cut all these
out real quick and these are my secrets
and clues so I have to cut these out and
keep them in my pocket apparently I'll
be getting inventory of some items when
we get in here and then the game really
starts right before our party there's a
freaking rainbow right there I'm gonna
cry it's so beautiful it's so beautiful
J look look at it J it's a freaking
rainbow dude dude that's a rainbow man
oh yes I freaking love rainbows man oh
this is the entrance the gangster
speakeasy in just one moment as i
refresh my mind on the script and the
objectives it's about to be good
you
it was it was hard to figure out
Seth good job dude
Thanks well back first yeah
Seth is going on vacation in a few hours
yeah it's awesome of Caroline dude have
fun thanks for helping is awesome no
it's gonna be awesome
okay did you have enough did you have
enough fun cocktails and food The
Veronicas had a couple drinks she's
opening up with this oh oh she was so
good up with that sandwich I had dummy
drinks for the majority then because the
driver I'm not drinking
they made mint juleps which was what my
character was supposed to drink but as
you can see there's a lot let's have one
goodbye did you have so much fun or what
I did it was awesome it was it was not a
typical party but it was different
because you had a goal and yeah
you know that month it was definitely
different I hope you guys enjoy the
video by now I hopefully will have this
up but I don't know there's a lot of
footage to go through alright guys so we
made it home it was an epic fun night
and for once in a long time
Veronica feels great the kids are at her
mom's so we are gonna get an actual full
night's sleep so why don't we just pick
this up right at coffee ah feels so much
better
I've already had one cup already how do
I beat you guys to it it's time for
another in bronica made breakfast
burrito sausage onion eggs and put
cheese on that Tabasco sauce wrap it up
tortilla shell mmm how do you feel honey
good you feel good yeah mmm
you look great I send the boys outside
to play and that's what they want to
play with you want to play in the water
I don't blame him
it's hot and muggy out it rained this
morning and so now it's all steamy and
humid are you ok Sofia
I mean Veronica it looks like a smuggled
a smuggled a home Liza she missed us for
sure so what I'm up to right now is
bringing in all the footage from last
night I got three GoPros and the gh4
camera and I don't really know what we
got and I'm telling you I have over a
hundred and fifty gigs worth of video
footage to look through so guys I
obviously have a lot of work to do I
want to give a big shout out to Seth for
hooking it up and helping us film this
thing as you know I mentioned earlier in
the
video or in yesterday's video that Seth
is on his way to the beach to hang out
with his family for a week so why don't
you guys keep an eye on his vlogs it's
the Seth wetzel links in the description
and yeah you're gonna see a lot of cool
family beach vlogs which I enjoy beach
vlogs I wish we were going to but we're
not so go check out my buddy Seth and
yeah I think that's that's all we got
for you today guys thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see all of
you right back here
