welcome to Stan's speakeasy tonight's
the night the big race a lot of people's
bettin on tonight's horses first let's
take a look at who's attending
now that's all but one yours truly mayor
Lonnie and we can't start the night
without one thing there's been a murder
and we gotta figure out here okay so
this guy's face is dead we've searched
all the rooms
there's nobody hiding anywhere it seems
that whoever decided the gun down Scott
fais disappeared
the problem is is we haven't seen
anybody leave tonight all the doors have
been locked
so the killer's still in there with us
he could kill again
so you guys be careful tonight but
nobody's allowed to leave so we solved
the murder then we find out who killed
Scott fais after the shooting they must
have hidden the gun in the sky somewhere
and now they're acting innocent just
great
a murderer among us we gotta figure out
who this is and we gotta find out quick
it could be any one of these people and
I don't trust a single one horse race
tonight I'm a betting slip and turn it
into Sammy's Niko's ooh I gotta get in
on this
what about this horse race what do you
think who do you think's got the upper
hand in this one it's hard to say take a
chance I think I got a pretty good idea
who's gonna win that one I'm and I'm I'm
in the market for Atlantis Havana is the
winner
I guarantee so I gotta go see Sammy
snake eyes to place my bet
normally scab face takes care of all the
betting on the horse races but as we all
know the scab face has been a little
timely terminated now as you see
everyone's talking to everyone else
trying to figure out all the daddy
secrets and everyone's got their secrets
to keep including me
you see I wiped up probably too early
because I found myself a companion here
with Miss Sophia let's just say she
keeps me warm at night and unbeknownst
to her I got a bit of a gambling and
drinking problem or who doesn't have
their vices these days and Maya killer
no but enough of that for now the
results of the horse race are in my
money's on Havana let's see who won
between the cat's meow fast flapper
moxie and Lake Superior and stumbles and
lasts for the top four the cat's meow
fell to the back of the group who came
in fifth and Moxley slipped back into
fourth place at the last minute Lake
Superior pulled away and crossed the
line first fizzled again but no time for
regrets because officer Pilkington has
been doing his research and I think he's
figured out just who the murderer really
is it all started with Legree nians band
rivalry we all know that officer
Pilkington can be a bit long-winded so
we'll make this short yeah it's true
linguini and Stan definitely had the
princes and linguini headed out to kill
Stan this night but that wasn't what
happened so Velma smuggles in a gun in a
cleaning supplies crate and then pickles
brings it into the speakeasy
but when Velma slipped out to find the
gun during the interval she realized
that had been moved from the crate but
who moved it it was Toni Toni been
suspicious about their moonshine racket
for a while and happened to search that
crate before the show when he saw the
gun he moved it to Sasha's empty
double-bass case in the instrument
storeroom for safety so somebody else
could have found the gun there and
decided to kill scab face rather than
Stan but who knew it was there while
Tony told Tilly but he didn't get the
chance to tell anyone else before the
show and nobody else would have been
likely to go into the instruments
storeroom and see it except perhaps one
of the bands so what happened after the
shooting Stan didn't get backstage for a
crucial minute afterwards by that time
Lola was having hysterics claiming she
saw a cloaked figure go into the
storeroom nobody was found there so why
was Lola lying and why would anyone have
wanted scab face dead while Mitzi heard
scab face shouting at somebody outside
the dressing rooms just before the show
saying he was going straight to Stan and
he would throw him out with the
speakeasy for good Stan and leg weenie
were having a big argument though so
scab face couldn't tell Stan right then
but it looked like he had to be silenced
before the interval well we all know
that Lola was scab faces girl and it
seemed that she lied to protect the
killer and anyone reading Lola's secret
would have discovered that she was
having an affair without but when scab
face was killed I was playing the piano
or was he the piano being a high-back
piano you can't see the face of the
person playing and pickles often subs
foul when he needs a break and that's
exactly what happened tonight Bickle's
was playing not al al snuck backstage
and got the gun from Sasha's double bass
case and shot scab face before hiding
the instruments
so there it is an opportunistic crime of
passion taking place instead of a
planned assassination on Stan maybe not
everyone here in the speakeasy realized
Al's guilt but the long arm of the law
shoulda catch him eventually unless he
manages to find a friendly police
officer who will look the other way
