the boys are getting ready to get off
the bus it's their very last day of
school so summer officially starts today
I'm gonna hide the camera in the garage
and Bronk is gonna keep them occupied
and I'm gonna sneak up on them and
squirt them with water
what's up guys welcome to the official
start of summer what do you think it's
summertime what do you think No More
school yeah welcome to summer dude the
most awesome funnest time of the year
sunny just showed up what up sunshine
why don't you show us why don't you show
us your new thing one second one second
I'll be in in one second we're gonna go
check out Sony's new thing nice sunny
sunny got rid of that that other thing
she was driving was the Honda Center
Hyundai Santa Fe yeah you like it yeah I
can like go to the wheel and knocked off
the road for sunny her Honda Accord much
like my Honda she's been driving for a
long long time yeah that's all right
I hate that well congratulations man
nice where did you get it
they're nice but I told you he
recognizes me from your wall so he
recognized my name and then he started
thinking about it he was like I think
I've seen her on there before and so
then he finally asked me he's a jerk
he's like do you are you any relation to
the Gilroy vlogs oh my god that's
awesome wasn't in Tom uh Ron Tom Ron
wait huh Chad has this card it's awesome
thanks for hooking up stunning with the
car she loves it I can't imagine why she
wouldn't that's awesome
and thank you for watching by the way
well yeah man you got lots of space now
down nice and flat yeah nice it's not
when I get garage saling garage sale
yeah Sonny and Veronica are about to go
this weekend is that murder mystery
party that we're having at my brother's
house and Sonny and Veronica are going
to get the costumes for it I already
figured mine out I have a video call
scheduled with my buddy James from from
across the pond that soon is up - what's
up dude I was at dude good hey Holly I
feel a little bit more weight today yeah
it's not midnight there no there's any
10 o'clock now it's 10 p.m.
yeah oh my gosh five hours ahead has to
suck well I mean it guess it's just
gonna use yeah say hello to the
gladiators yeah we see them today
beautiful fresh well and beautiful yes
yeah quickly on my n let's fill it let's
fill everyone in on what what we're
talking about
Oh awesome the Internet yeah we're back
to that oh I see this is what happened
guys when you have internet it's closed
it's freezing
it always does this
you'd be the robot how's it look now
very pixely yeah you too you look like
an 8-bit character
I am 8-bit in real life oh that's that's
normal then it's a little good good yeah
this is true oh I guess if the internet
connection will allow us James and Holly
are planning to travel to America and
one of their stops is gonna be to see
old giling that right James oh boy
we haven't seen each other since those
that September I think last year
oh yeah right about September I had a
temper so some long-overdue capture
button is needed yes exactly
well we'll let all that things play I
they may but we're gonna film some cool
stuff when James gets here this will be
later in the summer but it's gonna be
awesome
I think poor James Internet is really
really really really slow so he can't
stay connected with me but yeah I'm
really excited to have James and Holly
James is a British blogger I don't know
if it's PC to call him that but he's a
blogger super awesome guy love um
adventurous filmmaker
very talented guy and we have a lot in
common and he's got a lovely girlfriend
her name's Holly so I think like when
James comes we're going to try and do a
lot of filmmaking documentary-style
videos will be doing quick tips and
other types of reviews and says whatever
videos for the how to channel and we're
just gonna have have fun doing what we
love to do baby lies
she's sleeping better petted her but she
burped oh she fell asleep perfect now I
need to get all these little bottles
washed look who's up already I only got
the bottles emptied and put into the hot
water and she woke up yeah you're so
cool I don't care
she can be away I'll still get
everything done I gotta fix her chair up
Veronica washed all this stuff and I
don't put this back together get some
trampoline time Colin
show me your coolest tricks oh you got
mud on there well brush it all off we
can do it got baby Allies it over here
hanging out huh
we decided we're not gonna sit aside all
day we're gonna have some fun play and
my buddy AJ it's my buddy AJ long time
friend he stopped by to see us and we're
gonna play some hacky sack like we used
to do back in the day you got it
yeah I never wear the flip-flops back in
the ditch
all right full battery the battery
actually died on me while we were
playing hacky sack so that kind of sucks
and me and the boys spent a fair amount
of time further outside playing on the
trampoline and whatnot and then I came
in and get the house clean enough only
for Veronica to show up with pizza it's
not delivery its DiGiorno that's the
pizza it's hot yeah look we're watching
one of my favorite movies of all time
this has to be at least number two my
top five all-time favorite movies avatar
avatar directed by James Cameron tell me
in the comments what is your guys is
all-time favorite movie
the one you could watch over and over
and over again I freaking love this
movie
look the boys couldn't hang yeah this
movie still on and they're both passed
out
movies over kids our bed I think we'll
pick this up in the morning
oh hey how'd you do that I must have
dropped the camera to hit so hard knocks
in the morning you know Veronica made
homemade sausage gravy and biscuits and
boom that's what it looks like hey babe
I'm sure it's gonna taste good a little
salt a little pepper well this is mine
you know what would go good right on top
of that a couple fried eggs Tabasco
sauce what more could you want for
breakfast
that's a man what's that oh you can put
it back in wait wait Kirsten what is it
boom right guys so after the amazing
breakfast Veronica made from scratch I
might say super good
she's up in the shower and I found my
packet to our murder mystery thing and
just finished reading it and I gotta say
this this little party that having a
smart knife it's gonna be so interesting
I can't tell you all the information
that I just found out but basically each
of us have a role to play and inside
this packet it tells us what we have to
accomplish obviously everyone's goal is
to find out who the murderer is but we
all have our own individual objectives
to complete and we also have to complete
all of these tasks
while drinking so it's gonna be really
hard and I think I've nailed down how
I'm gonna film this it's gonna be way
too hard to make a decent video trying
to capture everyone so I think what
we're gonna do is Seth is on his way
over here right now and I'm going to
convince him that he needs to follow me
around with my camera and film my
experience that way I can do I can do
character introductions it would be all
film noir like black and white and a lot
of voiceover because I I remember seeing
a lot of these older movies where the
character has a lot of voiceover so so
you get to see or hear what I'm thinking
in my head and then you'll get to see
all my interactions with the other
characters I think that way it's gonna
be a way better video than trying to
just station static cameras all over the
house and pick up sound try and bounce
back and forth between everyone I think
this will be a character specific video
about my person who is mayor Trelawney
apparently I have a gambling and alcohol
addiction problem which is not me at all
so this is gonna be fun and then we have
to be in character the whole time so
this is like this is like the perfect
film opportunity to make a really
interesting different video so I can't
wait so today that's coming over we'll
talk about having him run camera for
this for this video and then we have to
go out and pick our costumes this
party's tomorrow so I gotta go I'm going
for the black suit pants white button-up
shirt with suspenders suspenders and
bowtie look
then my hair is gonna be slick to the
side so with that being said I need to
finish out my day get this vlog edited
and uploaded for you guys everyone who
loves to watch us everyday
I really can't it still blows my mind
that so many of you tuned in to watch
our lives every day and sometimes boring
as it may seem and then other times it's
kind of exciting so you get you know you
get some awesome and you get some normal
I think that's as reality as you can get
I thank you guys so much for watching
and I can't wait to see all of you right
back here
