so I'm sitting in this parking lot
waiting for the old man to show up an
old Lancaster Lancaster Ohio not
Lancaster Pennsylvania lakester Ohio
there is
yes so we're going to do some
residential it's like washing windows at
a house today fun this is the one you
just we just pulled in to the house
we're supposed to do I can't really show
you all of it right the second but I'm
just gonna say it's one of those houses
with the front drive that goes in a big
circle and has the big fountain
we are starting our day and the doctor's
office yay I've been having some
problems with my shoulder I had problems
with the years and years ago and I went
and seen a specialist and they called it
an impingement and they gave me like a
cortisone shot and it was all better
well now it's flared back up again so
it's time to go have a checked out again
was what I thought it was the
impingement
and he actually suggested that I try the
oral steroid versus the injection this
time
yeah the injection on bubbly work faster
and more directed at that specific area
in my shoulder but he said the cortisone
injection can cause
you know weakening and tearing down of
your muscle and your tendons and stuff
like that
so I thought we would just try the oral
steroids for now and then once it starts
feeling better he gave me some exercises
to strengthen the muscles
shoulder to try and just keep those
muscles built up and then okey
from happening oh yeah
doing lunch at Subway today I can't wait
to show you guys this house but I'm
trying to be respectful of her property
you know but I'll show it to you I'll
show you the house where you getting
subway club Southwest steak and cheese
every time in a subway stop those big
machines all the way the best one on
Italian urban cheese bread
how do you think the house goes of our
progress
who started with the inside on the
inside they have all these great so no
idea that stuff that have to be taken
off takes forever it's a long time but
this has you before I headed back to the
house I'll show you guys when we first
pull in just how big down
that's about all I'm gonna show you
it's a big one
let's make out early if you're
tamo tryst you live like the
or if you're big on YouTube really like
if you use a window cleaner like the
found a lot we're gonna have a house
like this one day as you can live you
can live in the in the boathouse they
call it or the pool house it'd be cool
we finished all the insides and now we
just took lunch and we're gonna finish
the entire outside which will probably
take about two hours I'm thinking about
two hours it's nice and hot we don't get
to see this part of the lines are very
often
she doesn't really cry usually unless
she's hungry
ya know to be honest yeah so we just got
home and I'm gonna feed her and then
we're gonna clean do all that kind of
Mommy stuff that moms do helps work
washing dishes washing bottles
I like good stuff the first order of
business is to get hurt Oh her chair
that she food all over yesterday washed
so
I sprayed it off with the hose yesterday
so it wasn't all too nasty but now it's
gotta go in the washer and the tags Oh
hiccups machine wash cold gentle cycle
no bleach trim tumble dry low heat okay
a small load cold gentle cycle we just
we just freaked out because we had we
had to get everything back to the truck
it just started pouring but you can see
by my hair my hair is totally jacked it
just started pouring but now it's
stopped so we're gonna finish the job
we're gonna finish this best part of the
job is filling out the bill oh I forgot
to mention the importance of we were
gonna get this done
because the sky opened up but right
behind it you can't see it because the
trees there's another monster storm
coming up so we almost got rained out we
decided no we're gonna finish this and
there's another big boy right behind it
you'll see on the way home
you can tell but as the storm knows
about the bite us in the butt
big fat might have you guys ever been to
Chillicothe you know some of you
probably never have weight Chillicothe
that's where we're at first cap was it
Chillicothe is the first capital of Ohio
that's advertiser says then they burn
defensive purposes back in the Civil War
they moved it to close
well because it's too close too far from
the center of the state Columbus was
more centrally located mmm
second order of business oh this miss it
just accumulates so fast I should
probably get it cleaned up before chase
gets home I want to show you guys a
little tip I don't know if you guys have
one of these it's like a a wax it's just
the light you turn on and you put the
wax in the little dish and it's like you
know make sure room are your house smell
good it's like a scented I don't know
what you call yeah you put these little
scent walks in here and they melt oh hey
hey junu no no no so like you're out
anyways one of these little things that
you put the little scented wax cubes in
and you turn it on heats it up melts it
makes the room smell good then you have
these you know once you turn it off the
wax hardens and it's like impossible to
get it out so my trick and turn it on
for maybe just a couple minutes just to
get the bottom layer soft and then it
slides right now and put your new fresh
cubes in Flowery or ocean
let's do the ocean tomorrow's the last
day of school
what mm-hmm I'm gonna have to do some
research because I was under the
assumption that you went until Friday
what days so there's Tuesday tell me
tell me a story okay are you yeah do you
think so check this out I wanted to show
you guys I brought my laptop with me
today to edit the vlog from yesterday
yesterday's vlog my time you see this
yesterday's vlog was pretty cool and I
wanted to put the right time into it so
we have like an hour and a half drive to
the job today
and I got all my cards with me and
everything and I dumped all the footage
but my laptop was dead dead dead dead so
I didn't get to edit and it's your fault
yeah here he goes let's go home I need
to edit I didn't edit it's about the
storm again really bad today's been so
hot and usually in Ohio when it's hot
like this
it'll storm every every couple hours
filled out hot steamy air and then it'll
just break loose it's about to get so
crazy
I love thunderstorms and maybe wrong
being huge storm thunder lightning
make my foot twitch let me show you I'll
show you
hello love hi did you miss me today yeah
there's my boys there's my boys there's
my girl
there's all my little ones did you miss
me yeah one thing is for sure I need to
get in the shower because I am a sweaty
mess like a soggy dog like a soggy dog
they got rained on out there working and
then we had to wait for a TAS and then
we got to it and finished it and then
another another storm came right behind
this so now I'm gonna take a shower and
edit and then we'll pick up at
dinnertime hmm you guys remember this
stuff the chicken alfredo roll-ups they
look and smell bad but look Amy I still
haven't taken a shower yet I'm trying to
edit I'm trying to make the best of this
four-wheeling stuff that we have in the
vlog I hope you guys appreciate the work
that I went through get this help 40
alright guys so I'm pretty much cooked
for today Veronica's in bed the boys are
in bed the baby's asleep
so let's just pick this up in the
morning and just like that we are Coffee
time and the boys is yeah do you in tell
everyone what today is why is this his
special school yeah it is Colin Carson's
last absolute last day of school for
this summer there for the rest of the
school year tell me how excited are you
please speak into the microphone hey
Colin
and I get to go to Haiti today you get
to go get ice cream that's pretty rad
what about you sir how do you feel about
your last day of school folks there you
have it live from the Gilroy's the boys
are on their last day of school and we
couldn't be more excited enjoy your last
day ok I love you I'll see you after
school ok the last day I remember my
last days of school they're so exciting
the best one you can't wait for that
bell to ring and then boom you know it's
summer baby
bit of good news has happened since we
got the kids on the bus this morning
first thing I got a shower smell really
good I can't lie it's not really good
still gonna do my hair but but the last
night last night
her sister Tasha had her baby yeah it's
a new baby girl baby boy has just joined
the family so that's really exciting
veronica is gonna go check him out right
now I am finishing up editing the solo
shot review which will by the time you
see this vlog it will be up and ready
for you guys to indulge watch and like
and share and comment and all that good
stuff
alright guys that's about all we got for
you today listen thank you guys so much
for watching make sure you go over to
Gilroy reviews and how to's and check
out my brand new solo shot review it's
gonna be super cool that toy is awesome
I can't wait to actually get my own so
yeah that's all we got for you thank you
so much for watching and we can't wait
to see all of you right back here
tomorrow
