are you ready for fun yeah so excited
yeah we're all piling in the Jeep going
to my buddy Scott's is mom's is house
and we're gonna have some epic fun you
see I didn't do my hair it's for a good
reason probably get dirty and wet ha ha
look we're in the backcountry
this is backcountry where Scott's mom
lives this particular road honey this
road right here that house someone would
always be outside when we were in high
school this is like back when we were
you don't get stupid nothing I'm getting
smarter but we used to come back this
way and fly up this hill I mean this
hill is pretty big fly up this hill and
that guy would be sitting out on the
sports just waving his key like wow
super bent all the time memory lane
we called this uh we just call this high
hill
is so hot look this is how you know
you're in the backcountry
no houses just trees and gravel didn't
react like I thought she was
I thought Becky was gonna go nuts over
the cutest baby in the whole wide world
right yeah so I was wrong okay they love
you too Betty
Yeah right so we're out here in God's
country
this is this is seclusion right here
this is the only house in the you can't
even see another house yeah yeah this is
awesome so we're setting up cameras on
the quads
it's our little slice of heaven it is a
slice of heaven what are you rigging
here turn them dirty different baby up
let's melt yeah
generic melt yeah that's a little loose
when he gets this thing all clicked in
look I'm sure it will like that and
that's not good so I said let's put some
paper shims underneath the little feet
there and that should hold it here you
go yeah that's good
yeah little work we're gonna get some
pretty sweet footage hey blaze huh all
right guys
we got two quads three dudes I'll be the
guy sitting on the back and I just peer
so we're good
we just came back to the house and was
reviewing some of the footage Scott what
do you think of the footage good deal
off of the gh4 oh that's awesome it's so
crispy in it yeah it is a fantastic
camera I think this this footage we got
today was pretty cool we need to get
some more though we're gonna check out
the pond and then maybe we'll ride some
more did you guys see me over there that
was pretty awesome pretty sweet I
couldn't get very much air cuz I don't
know how to preload very well and I need
tires any tire dude look at this spot
how pretty is that that's like a picture
it's not real yeah and then you get this
spot this place is beautiful man this is
a super relaxing place to hang out and
watch the sunset over there Scott says
there's bass catfish and bluegill in
this pond yeah maybe some probably it's
cool dude
should try and grab him yeah yeah
we stumbled upon an American bullfrog
right now Scott Scott right Chinese
scrubbing his job jammer so sorry this
changed in that boy wah-wah cry he good
groggy dude look what I found
I can't ball yeah they're all over in
here there's no cool
yeah I better put him back so it doesn't
so doesn't die
so many little tadpoles in here man oh
yeah you got to catch one do you see
that tadpole right there
yeah what you got to do is put your hand
over it slowly like this and right
before you get to the top of the water
right you got to reach in and grab it
like the lightning right so you get to
the very top of the water and then grab
it gone that was like a sloth like
lightning
oh you can't be slow yeah yeah you got
to all right
nice dude I love it
high fives for good job hmm
congratulations you just got your first
two tadpoles
I thought to dabbles to tabbles yeah
it's awesome garden
yeah she's got it all out here all of it
well that concludes our backyard tour
this is clearly the perfect place to
come when you just want to not worry
about anything so Becky don't want us to
film in the house because she said our
house is dirty yeah so modest but we're
just a and we had watermelon so the kids
are out here watching the birds eat some
watermelon we hatched a move in the
incubator yeah
taken their big all right yeah I didn't
know they liked watermelon oh all right
they're in here catching these girls and
it looks like a lot of fun I'm about let
me out I'm getting in on this
let me out these chickens cute run needs
cleaned got it they'll break its little
wings that's gonna be on it okay chicken
dinner
now get the last one oh you got a bite
you
that's not only fun but it'll work out
will come out every night and you can
put him away till they learn how to get
in there
she's literally the happiest baby I'm
here maybe this is where she moves where
Eliza was to be hey hey how are you Shh
exactly I'll deliver like 15 to five
hundred mile that way thank you for the
hospitality it was an honor spending
this day in your beautiful home
oh hi outside yeah uh-huh you ready
honey yeah awesome we're gonna have to
stop so we get the baby calm down in my
mom's house to the two hours and hanging
out didn't vlog much there cuz we're
trying to get home and we got plenty of
stuff to do today but look at Carson
pass down the back
you have fun today or what yeah it was
awesome super fun yeah it was a lot fun
fishing ya know get Becky's pond yeah
yeah that place is so cool what's the
deal yeah
you guys I hope you enjoyed today's
video is packed full of for willing fine
and then some nature stuff fun fun yeah
Oh can't wait for that first cup no so
it's Tuesday morning the boys have
school and since we stopped at my
parents house last night I got to
talking with my dad
they said yo I could use your help
tomorrow so I'm gonna go help my dad
today I do some windows at a house it
should be pretty fun I think that's
where we leave off today so I need to
get myself ready and drive to Lancaster
to meet my dad soon thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you enjoyed our
Memorial Day getaway out in the country
it was a beautiful time it's a family
and I don't think we could have spent
any better so thank you guys so much for
watching I can't wait to see you right
back here tomorrow
you
