real oh we're going camping that's right
guys we are going camping this weekend I
had to pull the tent out and get get it
ready get it aired out it's been it's
been a while
you guys probably guess I'm not much of
a camping type but this weekend Mother's
Day weekend so happy Mother's Day early
to all you moms out there but yeah we're
getting this tent out not that we're
going to use it some what are you going
to sleep in it oh you could sleep in it
yeah you can get your sleeping bags noon
dude look you can put your you can put
your lights up here or something do you
feel it your iPod up there face down and
lay down on your thing and watch it I
know I got sick so I'm getting
everything like prepped for camping
we're going to go fishing we're gonna go
hiking we're making I love hiking do you
like fishing our necks is good and we
got Zach here can I show him this
sticker
yeah just flash it real quick will
screenshot it well there it is cool no
that's funny 144 more groceries for more
groceries that got a new car check out
this engine whoo this is a little bit of
power here then here is pushing 25
pounds of boost and she does well she's
got about 330 horsepower to be honest
what do you think she's got rocket fuel
in there no but I do guys run 93 octane
medium you got to be kidding me boy 40
bucks
look at this thing dude cold air intakes
we've got intercooler there's turbo back
there there's some other stuff some
other stuff yeah in case you didn't
recognize this car this is a Volkswagen
Jetta
gee gli 2005 nice dude way better than
that other piece of grub you were
drivers bro oh yeah so well I'm getting
this stuff ready veronica has to take
carson to get some
special here we go we all right cars
anywhere pick out bike yep Ryan let's
start looking now we was looking at I
asked him if he wanted one because
Poland felt one like this with the big
like that wide tire and he said that he
wanted one like that but they don't have
that type in his size bike this is a 20
inch I think a 24 inch that's way too
big for him
oh let psychics and look at that is that
the one you wanted the black and red one
yes okay
first then we were checking out I don't
know what he was doing and he leaned
over in Bastien forehead on the edge of
the counter who's nice lady is getting
an ice pack and please verify you'll be
all right
keep that on there that'll help me buddy
thank you so much I'm so sorry about
that is all see typical knot right there
Oh to sucess kousaka-san a nice what
happened oh I can't look yet did you
pick this one there's some groceries
back there - whew
black and red huh and Digger - okay
kickstand what I don't care anything but
it's got a kick dude I like it
congratulations proud owner of a medium
big boy bike so we're not much to bring
aside from life RC truck and of course
some camera gear thought you can never
go wrong taking a bunch of rope I think
we could probably find spot to make what
do you think a pretty cool rope swing
what's all this rope I know we could do
it maybe there's a spot there's some in
my teeth isn't there maybe there's a
spot where there's a perfect tree over a
creek or something we could we could
take this rope over that tree and make
us swing all the way across it how
awesome would that be oh I love you
amazing we're getting ready to leave and
unfortunately see this is how generous
my wife Veronica has offered to take
care of the horses
even though we'll be you know camping
for the weekend Veronica will have to
leave morning and night
took a few divorces and stuff so we're
gonna leave now
okay so you guys are ready I'm ready you
ready Liza not ready yet you still
working on those peanuts
oh my good and okay and then we'll see
you in a couple hours
yeah okay me here past a freckle yeah
all right let's go camping
you
okay okay cue me sir excuse me uh sir
oh gosh I guess everybody's safe I need
you to pull up I need you to head up
north all right I guess this area
covered don't go I think we found the
right stuff all right we made it all
right you can get out I got to find a
place to park going to place the park
right here we made it uh yeah late dark
already but it's cool we're going to
have some fun we're going to have the
campfire and we're going to have to find
a way to put this Stephan's here look at
that bacon 20 sings Liza yeah yeah Devon
look at this the fire I know it looks
amazing this is awesome thanks for
coming up early nanyem setting all of
the camper and everything good we just
walk in like hey we're staying on that
Vicky's can sleep over here and then all
the other campsites are like right next
to each other so here's a room this is
rhomin ouch campsite we crash a role
went out with camp side dog I'm so funny
I'm looking for this place and all of a
sudden there's this crazy guy right next
to the road with the vegan who laser is
the I'll go see I'll go get him
somewhere over there they don't find
that guy I don't know if you can see but
we're clean we're playing the game we
gotta hide okay
on my team first round was won by Noah
but I'm gonna win this round
why do you stay here man okay okay I've
got a perfect spot okay
why's that you want to right how do you
see me it's messed up yeah I was
underneath the Jeep and they're just
running everywhere you guys ran past me
so many times can't see you but uh I was
just the last person to be found
apparently because cam knew where I
wasn't he got caught before me but I
just ran faster then I've run in a long
long time
well I did good all right yes yes and
I'm interested so this is going to be
our night we're just kind of chilling
out playing some old school kid games
well next probably good what I think
we're not just running I think you gotta
pick a spot today in that spot okay no
running okay that sounds good
hmm yeah so it's a eight o'clock kids
woke up at 7:30 in the morning I had to
go to this little gas station like five
minutes away Veronica didn't make it
last night and my clothes and Eliza's
clothes are in her car there were rough
are you doing jacket cup coffee
you see the thing is I didn't know
anyone else was up or had coffee I've
been up since 6:30 you should know
there's a full-on regatta happening
today like a holt I accidentally took a
right turn where I shouldn't have coming
back and there's everybody staged up and
we're talking about the canoes full of
people rowing you know what I mean like
it's going to be sick you got it so so I
brought a bunch of rope it's so much fun
you can have with rope man the tide a
big giant lasso right this is a thinker
this is the square knot I'm not exactly
sure but this knot won't close all right
it's very tight so this is supposed to
be your harness
that you grab around you and it's looped
around that branch up there so if you
grab this loose end you can pull
yourself up we're going to do lots of it
- we missed you so much where have you
been I was oh yeah I'm kidding I'm happy
to see you
look we're climbing trees come on look
we I made this for you you got to climb
it
yeah check this out so put this around
your head and put your arms up through
it that's it that's it pull yourself up
that's hard oh oh this is gonna be
catastrophe I'm on scoot back so I went
all breaks Oh like yeah the whole line
should have like knots every like 6
inches we can do that let's go have some
fun
don't say get a couple years ago yeah
you are Andy so he got a striper you got
the striper so you get the largest
striper in the lake mods well show it
off look at this time I talked to you
you today we're here for the regatta too
which is also happening this weekend
yeah my son is growing well graduation
exudes I thought this is the place we
were driving around
so clearly or in a fisherman spa we got
to find a pole for the kids but yeah you
have to have a fishing license in the
state of Ohio so we have to get that and
your kids don't have pools right well
kind of with us so needless to say we're
going to catch some fish today and get
you hopefully I'm if it's a catfish
you're taking it off because I'm
touching that they set up we're not just
going to do a traditional bait fishing
we're also going to mix it up
I'm going to go with the worm arrival
center look like a real worm what are
you going to get grass hopper dude he's
gone good he's got so many hooks on it
like the fish swallows at it game over
who cares bad fishing is very patient
for sometimes kids with their faces
might have something that they can just
cast out and feel like they're fishing
even though they may possibly catch
something but I think we're just going
to go with something like this and we're
going to get some night crawlers I was
actually wondering how she was going to
take a nap
that's classy dog to make me want TP
trying to take these kids fishing this
is what I guess you look a little wet
this is what I get the pursuit of
dryness is what I'm sure so right out of
left field
they've been skiing on that for a minute
your son I do so Wow this is Dylan damn
guys and we you are you ready to fish
ready look at this I don't believe it's
gonna work yeah I'm just as skeptical as
you are right now we'll see well that's
part of the mission you know I mean like
look anybody can catch a fish with a
worm right Romans going to use corn
basically use not wondering what's out
like you can use on it so Cameron's
using a pole that has no real or
anything it's just a bamboo stick
there's a lot of there's a lot of maybes
happen in here
ten minutes and a couple casts in the
water these guys are done they just want
to swim or play in the law be honest I'm
a little bummed out through my line in
and I got nothing back not even a hook
seriously not even a hook I'm like
thought I'm fish and I'm thick what is
that hmm not as big as another one
little and now and this is with the lure
not a word
so one for lure super worm or 3/4 mile I
lost count but we're catching fish
though parties restricted up here this
could potentially be the last time I see
this drone I'll say that I'm just being
a realist here the guys thought it was a
great idea to take and attach the stick
to the bottom of it and then drop a
fishing line with bait out there hold on
I think you'll going up here we made out
yo
oh yeah oh there it is we're in I'm
literally in shock look at this thing
team worm so if you fish with the drone
you catch bigger fish so I've learned
today you are using that one you caught
two Kane caught one Colin did you cut
you didn't catch one I caught one little
one from just got a baby and I only
caught that big one Brian got a big one
off the drunk off the drone and how
about the drone fish this is a epic trip
dude we needed this dude I don't think I
don't think we realized if you out here
this long I really feel like I have like
a son sunburn thing on my like a tan
look at the hell ah we're gonna front
wrist the back I was pretty much had it
we're about to head back it's been such
an awesome day just spending a kids and
the family and friends and I came and
explained how much I loved this day it
was great this is what we came back to a
camp Roman you want to see that that's
where's that yeah that looks so good Oh
mom anthro
okay so sometimes fast and we've had
steak dinner baked beans everyone's
going to love me for that and it's now
like super chill fire time and
flashlights awesome honey are you having
fun by the fire yeah
look this way I'm not even pointing at
you it's just pointing at the ground is
lighting everything so well what if I'm
a flashlight yo dude this waterproof
flashlight just look at the end of it
how cool it is because it's waterproof
shoot there's Jay and Amanda just
hanging out everybody's just kind of
relaxing look at this in case you ever
wondered how Rome and I would camp thank
you
we're doing half court only shots well
some serious camping section wait is it
really look like half courts only
nobody's making watch it watch it you're
about to see it okay I'm mad about you
are you having the best time ever for
teachers in your enroll rooms chips
I'm sorry Brittany I'll get you some new
on okay here come here Burton time oh
you got the charger for anyone's weekend
all they can go over stop playing
okay so Brian earlier was checking out
the one-wheel and he loved it like he
was loving it so much they kept riding
it and kept riding it and well this
happened yeah that's that's Brian he
ended up in the hospital and he's
getting x-rayed for what could be a
broken shoulder or got he's just having
fun you know I'm saying we've all been
there you're just having so much fun and
then all of a sudden reality just gets
ya
yep
that pretty much about does it it's
going to be another beautiful day and it
is Mother's Day
as you can see time for us to get the
heck out here the fun weekend awesome so
relaxing nice weather we got beautiful
company with Jay here I mean can't ask
for much more than that
Britton Roman don't get up very early by
the time they wake up everyone could be
pulled out of here and they're going to
walk out of their camper like Liza did
you have fun camping yeah she's got a
little bag full of those little balls
she's taking them home
oh I was just home mom I'm exhausted I
was not asked here did you have the best
time ever camping even though you only
did one night happy Mother's Day honey
that pretty much wraps up our camping
weekend it was epic it was fun hope you
guys enjoyed this two-day mashup I
didn't want to like you know struggle
trying to post out here the internet
wasn't very good at all as always thank
you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see you right back
here
