what's up guys we are out and about
today filming some more of the Buckeye
Lake tragedy I think when I call it the
Buckeye Lake tragedy because it's a
shame man look it's Memorial Day weekend
and this place should be packed full of
boats and there's nothing nothing so
going around different spots this
particular spot is is the flood gate so
this is where all the water is drained
out of the lake and this is the gate
that's been open for so long
letting all the water out because they
can't let it rise to summer levels they
call it because of the integrity of the
dam and I'm pretty sure that the part of
the dam that's damaged is is on around
this way the north side of the lake
so we're gonna go find some more spots
to film and hopefully see some crazy
stuff I need to find canal some of the
canals are completely drained like if
you look over here it's all dry and
that's what we're looking for stuff like
that that's crazy what do you think boys
oh yeah they have in the dirt what does
it say charlie
that's Charlie was there I like this
because you can see that see wall over
there you can see where the water line
normally is but it's way down and then
over here there's a boat just dangling
yeah
have the boys with me I'm trying to
teach them not only a little bit about
filming but the lake in its in its
problems
come on let's girl it's a boys day hurry
hurry oh well we got to our third spot
here and guess who has to poop and you
have to go pee
that's looks like you having kids man
you can't just do what you got to do
yeah stop do it what do they do it
they're honking yeah the geese yeah yeah
look at all the geese we found
yeah geese poop everywhere he's using a
hostile there too has that people
and look at these little baby ones
Oh too close to these guys their pride
they're probably gonna attack us look at
these little guys Oh little geese
there's a bunch of them little PCs those
little guys he says come closer I dare
you yeah you think those are cool yeah
super-cute nieces yeah what do you think
number one bro alright so we're
finishing up here at leaves island leave
there's so many different state parks
all the way around Buckeye Lake and
leaves island it's probably the most
accessible for launching boats one off
but there's just nobody around it's so
weird so we just talked to a park ranger
officer Mar pretty cool guy and he told
us of our a couple really good spots to
catch capture pad captured super low
Creek from all these creeks feed into
the lake and we're gonna go to one that
he says it's almost pretty much bone-dry
this is this is Miller Sports largest
canal that feeds from the lake and look
how dead it is it's like it's all mud
look look here what I found I didn't
know Buckeye Lake had clams looks like a
clam shell that's crazy
plant the clam right there I see it
there's some there Carson fish trap for
a minnow pail or whatever that is I'm
not sure what that is there's like a
Halloween looking decoration witch's
cauldron over there pretty random it's
just it's a lone all right so our
filming expedition is over we are gonna
go now to my mom's house and meet up
with Veronica and we are going to film
her first pallet project video which i
think is gonna be kind of small but we
want to start small so we can get the
feels for it it's all Veronica it's not
not me I'm gonna be behind the camera on
this one so I think that should be
exciting oh and we're gonna eat food
look what mom's making for dinner booyah
watch me flip this watch me I got skills
it's time right now cuz I'm tricking it
tricking it ready here we go
mom this is gonna be extra awesome ready
oh come on baby there we go Oh what you
think yeah I know right okay Jojo look
how cute Eliza's right now hi sweetheart
hi baby I like your bow
that's extra cute I wish we had more
cheese
we need more cheese mom mom mom mom
we need more cheese mom bless you by the
way more cheese double cheese put put
twice the cheese on look at the height
because that's awesome that's baller
that's big bball oh oh oh well I won't
throw the double cheese
okay that's mine
mom just dropped an explosive bomb
dessert bomb for after dinner
this big you know your dad she's cake
yes I did what are you talking about
right there
that ain't mines what that is oh that's
Burana cos she can't you must be smoking
something look at me honey
Grammy take my picture Oh
all the time ramen take my picture three
years old anyway before we go and do
this pallet project he's not even here
look yeah I think I'm drawing for the
blueberry one grandma grandma's react to
dubsmash ready wait you want to see this
one why this is your grand entrance into
the YouTube world look veronica's
officially miked she's officially miked
and we've got the rig set up over here
let me just say I really love my rig
these days so we've got sound recorded
separately the wireless mic and this is
our this is our shot a really cool shop
scene I think it's gonna be a pretty
neat video no matter what because I'm
I'm filming and editing it but Veronica
this is her her first introduction to
actually making a youtube video other
than a vlog so we'll see how this goes
she's gonna make up today's project is
gonna be a sign a basic sign and she's
gonna show you how to prep the palate
plain it and then assemble it you'll see
you'll see
huh this should go through the front
probably just say probably cuz
experiencing the intro outer retake
pandemic that happens with all youtubers
it's like the the formal hellos and
goodbyes wrapping up the video are
starting the videos it's to retake
central and poor Veronica that's what
she's going through right now and the
bugs are starting to move in so that
makes it a little bit all right we're
rolling on 31 minutes make it hot and
action this is so funny
poor Veronica her first I should make a
separate video of the outtakes it's it's
definitely hard to find your voice on
camera yeah cuz a lot of people a lot of
people I don't know it's hard to
critique because I'm myself I'm not
perfect
never have claimed to be but it's hard
to find your rhythm on camera and like
I've said it over and over all day long
like what I'm gonna say and then once
you're like go time you're like what am
I even doing yeah
and Veronica will find once we review
the footage her talking right now is not
the same way she talks in front of the
big camera it's completely different
make sure you guys show her some love
for her first youtube video because she
she definitely was nervous nothing it
was so cute yeah Veronica wants to do
extra credit and try and stain that with
the paint already on it I'm not sure how
this is gonna work though Oh
on the block if you want and I think it
smells fantastic use that foam brush
foam brochure actually no the foam brush
will get make bowls abilities that just
use the claw just get it just dip the
tip in there you know just the tip yeah
hold it up Picasso let's see this I love
it it's too much glare from the zoom
yo that pops I like it man see if I
would have stained it first and then
painted it the paint would have still
been too bright I like the way the
stained dirtied it up late hmm get these
boys in bed yeah when did you guys pull
out all these toys it was crazy
president you facebooking yeah it's
12:30 in the morning and she wanted to
have a bottle
she ate five ounces roughly and then
she's out
so it's sleep here's the poodle don't
worry we didn't we didn't kill him yet I
like to play you guys think I probably
hate animals but I'm just I just I had a
dog a long time ago tonight I've loved
her she was my best friend and that she
died and ever since then I've been know
just not partial to dogs because I have
my one dog and she's not with us in so
so uh yeah it's time for bed no we'll
wrap things up in the morning over some
coffee yeah
and just like that it's time for coffee
yeah all the coffee brews I'm gonna take
this time to bid you guys farewell for
today I hate to do it to you so early
but we are going on an epic four-wheel
adventure with Scottie and I gotta get
this video edited so so we can get on it
happy Memorial Day keep in mind that
today is not just about barbecues and
family get-togethers today we should
remember those who fought for our
freedoms and and who are no longer with
us because of that so yeah I'm gonna set
this camera down and get myself together
thank you so much for watching and I
can't wait to see you right back here
