honey you're sleeping long time oh hi JC
sighs it's time to lay down take a nap
but it's not look PJ came time to get it
I know who can nap when I'm at a time
like this one from cuz we really so just
decided to lay down take a nap because
he's not feeling very well
he's coming like sinus issues so you
guys remember when I was the neti pot a
while back this little thing here well I
only had one packet of the solution but
you can make like a homemade solution
using sea salt with no other additives
in purified or distilled water you want
to do a warm solution of eight ounces of
the water I'm just gonna warm it in the
microwave so boiling it once your waters
warm
you want to take a quarter teaspoon of
the sea salt and mix it up rub it until
the salt is all the way dissolved pour
it in this little bottle ooh don't think
I don't want to do this did you feel
like I feel how do you know how I feel I
feel a little I'm like in a bubble guys
I had to take a nap like you saw me
sleeping on the couch when she so rudely
away
you tickling my nose I'm so tired and
drained of energy I had to take a nap on
the couch Oh what do I have to do you go
stand over the sink
wherever and you hold it up to one
nostril and squeeze it and it'll drain
through your sinuses seriously yeah you
don't have to plug your nose
no you believe the tower is open blow my
nose first nope just do it
whoa the hats weird you have to do this
whole thing yep and you gotta do one
nostril and then you gotta do the other
one like back and forth Oh blow your
nose
oh you'll feel better yeah I laughed at
your ass who's laughing now yeah this
thing time to humiliating a little
uncomfortable but I can tell it has
taken some kind of effective there
doesn't feel so much does it feel like
there's so much pressure but what if
they I likened it I liken it to jumping
into the water and feeling like water
Egan's rushed up your nose you go back
to bed PJ PJ his new job is landscaping
and guess who has a few bags of mulch
out front
she's been doing this maybe you know how
to spread that I don't know how to
spread that stuff oh yeah yeah yeah it's
brought some knowledge on I'm just
kidding
here's the thing I've wasted enough time
today I need to get that done you are
the professionals and I hear when we
bought the malt you were yeah yeah I've
been busy man
what do you want I've been busy maybe
you can supervise me make sure that I'm
doing it all right I can super positive
I gotta change my shoes
all right here's what I'm up to just
meeting my shovel just trying to edge
out this whole thing right here I'm good
dude good job man good thanks I try but
I gotta take all this top stuff out yeah
all this stuff I gotta get rid of it
yeah pull weeds anyone look nice man
yeah
sure can yeah why don't you guys have a
contest see who can find the most worms
hmm try it use this little use this
little white dish right there and put
them in all right that's plenty going on
yeah put the dish okay
oh that's trying to escape they're
trying to escape our dish
they have lots of worms in there with
that big pie some of them are really
really tiny
daddy's Thunder on you hurry hurry there
you go
purse and I are gonna count how many
they have so far okay you're gonna count
them put them in here and count as you
go ahead let me help you 13 25 25 25
already 25 worms the boys gone 26 worms
honey that's awesome actually 27 Oh 27
keep countin look at that definition
that's fantastic
what do you think dude I'm very
impressed my years as a landscaper I
never would have thought you could have
put that straight of an edge with a
spade shovel you know that's why they
called me chase Gilroy I'm starting to
realize that now yeah so I I dug a line
all the way down and across and filled
this bed full of some extra dirt I took
so much off of there actually and now we
can just lay our mulch on top and make
it look sexy i sexy sexy mulch job
teamwork right there we killed this
sorry I got a little bit dirt left in
the truck
I know right I use my truck yeah I'm
pretty sure boy uh-huh I know I can tell
up here with all your paint peeling
issue I mean it's old it's a Dodge for
colander they built himself a mud puddle
playing a man to be a kid again
like yes Colin what are you doing what
are you doing I guess so
everybody freeze
and I'll pump you full of potassium you
don't mess with the guy on the loaded
banana you hear me it doesn't seem very
excited
we're gonna go I've been wanting to go
to buck I like to film some of the crazy
you know like all the different effects
that the dam has had on behind like it
so it's nice night out and we're all
gonna go exploring and film over this
hill right over this hill
it's the most beautiful Ohio sunset that
we're trying to capture there's mark up
here right we already stopped somewhere
and got some cool shots of a canal that
had dried out and it really logged there
but I'm gonna put this stuff in a
separate video
so it could be 4k for you guys but we're
gonna try and get to this other spot
look at the sunset over the dried-out
Lake I think that would be really shot
look at this flat image they see there
looks like a waveform look at audio
waveform that's pretty sick I thought
this was a cool shot too clearly low
levels I think unfortunately I'm a
little bit out of light the gh4 isn't
very well this this particular lens
isn't very fast so it's only a 4.5 or
3.5 max I need like a 2.8 one point two
point eight that's what I need I don't
got that I got that so I think we're
gonna have to try and get some more
tomorrow or something usually Memorial
Day weekend Buckeye Lake is packed full
of boats boats all over this place to be
exciting right now but there's nothing
sad except for the winery over there and
that lonely guy and this lonely guy
stuck in the mud like this is crazy
we're home you don't see you are you
tired
come on let's go bud
what do you think boys how's the pizza
oh yeah mm-hmm
Branca made homemade pizza this is the
good stuff deep-dish all it needs is a
lid rich Bostonian Chad oh yes see you
thanks for coming
hey did you enjoy pizza at veronika's
you guys are still playing this oh yeah
welcome to morning I made us some
blueberry pancakes
we got the microwave bacon I'm gonna say
me ate it so many things genius I think
it's genius
I'm gonna cut up some mango leftover
blueberries that's all right oh and to
forget coffee
don't forget coffee look at your lips
dude Missy you got a blueberry lip are
they good you just have blueberry
staining your lip it's good we think
Liza good morning sweetheart
we're gonna go okay here's what we're
gonna do I didn't get all the shots that
I wanted last night to make my little
book I like scenery video I'm gonna eat
breakfast shower we're gonna get dressed
and we're gonna go get some more shots
of LaHaye late breakfast was great got
showered the boys are playing some more
video games since that's what they love
to do in the weekend Colin you're doing
awesome
yes Dom bees yeah we're gonna play later
you and me together okay yeah is it a
deal
call and let him have a turn real quick
so he can play before we go we're gonna
split up and get some really really cool
stuff done today Veronica and I later
are going to make her first pallet
project video which I think is gonna be
really really good so she's gonna go get
stained and paint and some other tools
that we're gonna need later right now
here in a few me and the boys are gonna
go back to the Buckeye Lake area and get
some more footage I'm trying to make a
really cool 4k documentary style video
on the effects that this damn damage has
had on the lake now it's Memorial Day
weekend and usually there's a ton of
boats on the lake and it's it's always
super packed and this is the place to be
but since the lake is so low there's no
boats allowed on it and it's really
affected things so I feel like right now
is the perfect time to capture some of
that some of that footage so that's what
we're gonna do we're gonna cut it off
for today and pick up right back here
tomorrow so listen I want to thank you
guys so much for always watching and
hanging out and sharing the love on
these videos and basically just being a
part of our family
it's kind of cool so thank you guys so
much for watching and we'll see all of
you right back here
