good morning guys check this out
check out this breakfast Oh bagel bacon
three eggs yogurt coffee we think Liza
you jealous all you can do is think that
powdered crap go bad for her she can't
experience the deliciousness of fried
eggs with with Tabasco sauce and the
crunch of bacon okay why you're really
doing that why are you really going
through with that we have to it's
Memorial Day weekend it's Memorial Day
weekend and Veronica's mom
Veronica's mom is going camping right so
mom all is attending her house with the
dogs Zeus and Bo but mama has a dog now
what do you kind of dog is it it's a
poodle guess who gets to watch the
poodle no she does I want to go do stuff
like what tomorrow we're working on the
yard we have two soccer games and then
we're working on the our dress today
well that's my plans what about Sunday
Sunday I'm getting over going to church
till one o'clock and then what do we
have planned after that nothing how do
you know I didn't plan something epic
and awesome if we have to do something
at least he'll be here with us for the
majority
and through the night no from you
where's the dog where's the dog gonna go
to the bathroom where tell me where they
are and you're gonna clean it up yeah
really yeah she just changed box outside
just showed you that one ah yeah I see
personal letter from dear mom and dad
may I get a puppy I can feed it I will
water it and wash it train it how to
train your dog fetch sit something lay
and love Colin I hear but I don't want a
dog you had yeah I know and she died
didn't you have dinner at my brothers
but not this weekend but next weekend
we're doing that she's calling it a
speakeasy murder clue mystery party but
it's the live-action clue game that
we're gonna be filming
basically need to map it out and I need
to figure out exactly how I film it and
I also have to play a part are you
bringing minecraft stuff huh
Oh Advent Adventure adventure that your
belly's about to get crazy
what is it country Jam oh I read that
wrong completely wrong that place gets
nuts look at all them people camping
I've only been in there one time and
then one time I went in there I don't
remember what happened
Romek I need the Snickers she's really
hungry
that is a bunny
there's the toad yeah josh has all the
all the pets in hamburgers very good
check him out it's a panther chameleon
that's cool what's he just take his
tongue in there no kidding what a cool
guy
whoa
is that his I'm mad at you for trying to
touch me sign yeah see oh he's already
changing though he's getting darker see
I told you you know all the cool pets
person do you like that dog yeah mm-hmm
is he cool or what boomer look at his
eyes look here buddy one blue one brown
Carson Hey look you swallowed it all
we're sitting here discussing the this
murder mystery deal that's happening
next weekend Scotty just showed up what
it's got a you're playing a part right
mysterious but no we're uh we're soon
you're talking about
the packet I haven't even read my packet
yet and apparently in every character
has their own like skills and abilities
this thing's gonna be super huge this
thing mapped out you got this many pages
to read dude really yeah it's in the
Jeep like aghori right now I can't show
ya but then yeah I'll say it true yes
crap we're trying to figure out how
exactly to film this because it's gonna
take place in this whole house every
room is gonna have a special designation
like like the hall or what like this
study or something like that okay and
apparently we're gonna name badges where
there's nine marks and that's how many
beers or drinks that you have to have
until you're out or killed
so you're too drunk and you just start
lobbing your clues and their secrets
basically give up load the kids up on
Pepsi before they go to bed that's
fantastic
what do you say young man that's good
home bar so are you ready for this
tomorrow
you got soccer tournaments it's the
champion game
are you gonna win it I'll try
yes that's all you can do I'm really
doing this
this is all you you're gonna have to
walk it and clean up its pee and poo
imagine this poor dog we're just coming
in the middle of the night right to take
this dog out of its comfort safe a safe
environment and put him in our house yes
well he's met all of us before that
maybe you once into our house before
this is fluffy creature double eyelid is
amazing my driving space he's a poodle
dude don't mess with them oh those are
nice
Oh bet they I made you guys I'm getting
like a infection its lens infections
sore throat something some weird-looking
some weird I'm ready for bed Gaza I need
some rest
good morning guys
definitely definitely got got a cold or
something
we'll make it I'll get through this
Carson you ready for soccer yeah time
her tournament let's see if the boys can
win all the chips this is for all the
Frito Lays potato chips you're out
really where I don't see it this is the
last game dude this last game are you
pumped yeah I think you guys have come a
long way since you started yeah so I
wanted to see you make a goal today can
you do that can you make it goal for
daddy
look at this chair over here let's see
award for most unique chair at a soccer
game hmm
any minute now a butterfly's gonna come
out of that yellow wins seven to nothing
nothing right the other team didn't
score nope good job yellow high fives
everyone rocked it yep good job dude
look you can medal soccer medal knives
oh yeah put it on let's do it there you
go
you're just soccer players well Colin
soccer season is over did you have a ton
of fun I think you guys learned a lot
yep you guys got medals super cool are
you glad you played soccer are you
getting track I know are you guys gonna
try and play again next year yeah
awesome I like it I think that they
learned a lot playing soccer this year
and it was like there yeah they
definitely have come a long way
definitely let's get you out of the Sun
sweetheart hi guys so the soccer games
over that's the end of the season no
more soccer which will hopefully free up
a little bit more time for us at the you
know do more awesome stuff yes so today
is the kickoff of what's going to be a
beautiful Memorial Day weekend not sure
what we have planned but it's probably
to include some yard work and palate
projects
anything else food food yeah yeah
barbecues oh go get some stuff alright
guys so that's we're gonna leave you
today hey thank you so much for watching
and we can't wait to see all of you
right back here Wow
