all right guys so as the kids run out of
time for the school year they're doing a
fun day a family fun day so I am going
to go to their school and hang out with
them and see what this funds all about
you would come with me let's go hey dude
are you having fun oh my gosh I want to
get in there so bad what's this activity
called Carson the parachute yes this
reminds me of when I was in school we
always did this game for face painting
you're gonna be a mouse wait where'd
Carson go I thought person was sitting
here that's a mouse
look you got a mustache now is this so
funny all right it's time for tug-of-war
tug-of-war pull pull pull pull
oh the boys got this it's so easy did
you guys have a super fun awesome super
cool awesome fun day yeah yeah yours
looks good oh really is that how that
works
nice Oh Colin I'm sorry I missed your I
miss your thing they split them up into
different groups and I'm sorry I miss
yours buddy I'm sorry look we all got
home at the same time where do you went
shopping with Lindsay yeah that's you
you're the big brother
yeah continue the fun day with some xbox
yeah tell Terry oh yeah you've been
talking so much lately seriously over
the past couple days she has literally
been yelling all she gonna do is like
make noise and AH she's been yelling and
I love your beautiful voice yes you're
just the cutest thing you are look who
showed up at my house little D lead Alli
trying to skateboard you know Pro let's
face it
you know what I need to do I need to hop
that thing give it a shot it's been a
while you can do it so what are you
doing now that you came to get your my
stuff my stereo Alice is still trying to
move out buddies awesome Newark what
kind of here dude you got the man where
he got off he's the man bun
ever since we redid the top of this
table this walls been sitting here
keeping the pressure on it so that it
stays flat I still haven't taken it up
here so we're gonna see what the table
looks like now I just need a little help
because that thinks
I can see it in your reflection a little
bit hmm yeah I broke some of it
hopefully that doesn't show up on camera
I'm gonna have to redo this whole thing
you know I'm just gonna probably you
know I'm gonna do I'm gonna say F this
for Monica I paid 60 bucks for it most
expensive part of the project I'm just
gonna say F that scratch the whole thing
take it off and just do a nice varnished
wood top yeah we're late for soccer by
20 minutes come on come on come on we
gotta go
why can't you I can't take you seriously
with the game smile let's hustle you
didn't pee your pants you spilled stuff
on you yes I thinks it's funny he thinks
it's funny to say I peed my pants but
it's not funny at all not funny people
actually do pee their pants and they get
laughed at we're already heading back to
the truck I mean the car that was a
short practice right yeah I know
did your whiskers make you run faster
yeah yeah we pretty much got here they
ran around the field for ten minutes I
got a phone call said I had to take so
we're done we're going to Grandma's to
work on some pallet projects
Veronica's crazy about these palette
projects my favorite things about
all the water in space
so pretty
oh hey honey
got some flowers for you oh listen to
you but you can have them I love your
glasses yeah yeah where did you make mom
made dinner what is this it looks like a
glorified the pocket hot-hot the bookie
yeah or did you find some Facebook mails
Pinterest meal I don't see it thank you
can chimichanga chimichanga
who's that I'm trying to put on tonight
here what's in here fantastic are those
cinnamon buns
Cinnabon mothers Cinna bones it's
working I just got this camera back and
just dropped it on its freaking face
what is wrong with it looks okay okay
what are you showing me oh my gosh is
that mine honey what are you doing our
jobs first
people spill down world because I goes
to law Wow come on let's go we got the
old folks up
well thanks Veronica
hell we might we gotta figure out what
we can do with this sawdust man he's
gotta build up like this in made wood
buddy and you're battling up a little
bundles little veils and you charge so
much available really what I needed to
put this tough enough thing the
hydraulic cylinder come down here work
it into a bale and then put a couple of
water trough I remember in shop class
using sawdust finer than that and wood
glue to use to make putty filler you
know like if like this piece has some
defects you could fill it with that wood
putty glue stuff and I would be it would
prepare the wood
well what do you think I think yeah you
got some pretty nice-looking wood there
Oh careful careful easy I can carry the
wood I'm expert with wood just so you
know what I want in case some of you
don't know why are you guys some people
would be like why are you doing this why
well the pallet wood is always rough
like this little spot right here it's so
super rough and planing it turns it into
this nice smooth very clean in the mix
even same size yeah thickness mmm-hmm
what what are you planning for this wood
well I have to cut Sonny to more pieces
and then I'm gonna cut some too so we
can do signs together
thanks make signs for the house yeah
this is the prep stage coming all the
pallets for the projects that she wants
to do we're trying to make videos to
show you guys how to reclaim these old
pallets and make some useful furniture
items out of them and I could have done
this myself
very far just enough stairs doing
nothing
and he does
yeah this is the darkroom everyone oh my
gosh can't see mom mom thanks for
watching the kids while we mess with our
wood out in the shop then thanks for
dinner yeah we need like a headlight on
this camera fluffy kitty
everyone says show fluffy more she'll
flip me more it's lovely it's a good guy
we've had our differences don't get me
wrong but Fluffy's turn in to be a
pretty pretty cool cat yeah baby Liza's
sleeping with you tonight okay we'll see
you in the morning
love you make sure she will fall off
okay she loves their being brothers I
don't know about you guys but I'm tired
it's time for bed I'm gonna pick this up
right in the morning with time for
coffee huh it's time oh gosh we gotta go
to school
we're gonna be late well this your bus
have a good day at school bye boys love
you go enjoy your picnic Colin dolly
they did not anybody I like this
alright guys so the kids are up to
school veronik and the baby are still
asleep I'm gonna get some editing done
look forward to the solo shot review
coming up next on the Gil reviews and
how to's Channel pretty excited for that
it's a really cool little toy I hope you
guys enjoyed the collab fest challenges
that we uploaded yesterday they were a
lot of fun to make and I can't wait to
do another one thumbs up this video if
you want to see more collabs as
challenges and yeah that's all I got for
you today guys thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see you right
back here
