so it's the last night at collab fest
2015 it's my turn for the egg Roulette
challenge what we're gonna do is
everyone thinks I've boiled the eggs but
I really only put them in a pot on the
stove so some are supposed to be boiled
but they're not everyone's getting
smashed guys the linac live in 2015 and
we got one more Challenge left we're
gonna do that there's 18 eggs here or
boiled half of them are not hard boil
hard-boiled yeah we're gonna take turns
out of the cup and that's it Lauren here
we go 3 2 1 go
all right Tom in p12
I'm gonna hang come on face hey Leia
you never know I was at celebrate Rose
introduce some right go ahead and get up
here do it she's just into it pretty
good seein as I didn't cook them all
police video Jase you know man a metered
not know I had to take my chance to eat
all right well hey at least you're
having fun right so yeah that's all for
the class next 2015 thank you guys for
watching
that new shampoo
