good afternoon good morning good evening
whatever time it is when you join us me
and Eliza baby girl we're gonna go take
a little trip hang out with my mom and
her brother my Uncle Bill super cool cat
from Florida let's go have some fun I'm
driving down the road and I see these
people standing here taking pictures
Uncle Bill and his wife Monet they're
photographers and artists so they're
taking pictures of the covered bridge
over here which is really cool and I
found them beside the road limits 55 on
this road my Uncle Bill is that
out-of-towner cause a huge backup
highway look guys I'm here with my Uncle
Bill say hello to Uncle Bill everybody
calls me whitey but Jase calls me Uncle
Bill it's Uncle Bill Uncle Bill Florida
guy right here yeah bring now with
Grandma and Grandpa and this is Monette
Uncle Bill's lovely wife that's her this
is and look we're going we're looking at
some some artwork that they did they
brought art with them which I really
like because you know I'm a creative got
to chose out this is a picture online of
Google of the Cape Canaveral pier in
Florida that's on local attraction and
this is mo nets rendition of that very
same spot yes yes round of applause I
think that looks fantastic yeah
fan-freaking-tastic more does the UH you
guys have a site where are you putting
all your stuff right seaside gallery
w Gilroy C thankful YT w Gilroy seaside
gallery calm Facebook I'll put a link
check it up right here I want you guys
to go look at his artwork you always
spread the love it's artists and try and
do I know train them some exposure so
check out yeah all really cool oh
there's some stuff out here check this
out
this is one of their pieces right here
it's pretty cool mermaid the surfer up
there and the dolphins all this stuff
everything they do is like beachy you
know really cool Southern AG feel I love
it I know you don't want to be in there
short visit guys we got to go back home
again kids off the bus I got a month
grass everyone's coming over tonight for
a cookout impromptu cookout are you
excited
ready get my appetite go just kidding
just kidding yeah I gotta go on my
mother grass arena funky chicken cookout
my charcoal grill that I have not used
yet it's gonna be a lot of fun we got
alright a Gilroy House Colin are you
almost finished with your after-school
snack yeah you gotta help us clean up
okay member Uncle Bill yeah Uncle Bill's
coming over for a barbecue yes so you're
gonna help me get everything cleaned up
okay before you go to saw here it's
gonna be a busy day
kids got soccer we gotta clean up a
little bit make sure everything's nice
and tidy
I gotta cut the grass mommy's gotta feed
the baby Carson what are you doing
what halfway done Moen I thought I'd
give you guys an update on the
air-conditioner everything's working
good I don't know if beforehand that fan
I don't know if it was not running so
I'm thinking that was it there's no ice
buildup everything's cooling in the
house it seems to be working
I gotta hurry up and get this done I'm
making dinner tonight looks a lot better
here's the thing you see all these like
I don't know if you call this crab grass
or the dandelions look they don't look
so good
which is nice that's what we want to see
all these dandelion shoots are all
scrawny and drying out that's perfect
the grass is on its way to better and I
like that I don't like that there's all
this real thin grass too so I'm guessing
that's new stuff excited for new grass
dude
No yes yeah yes there's something in
your ear there's something in your ear
there's something in your ear : mmm
moving right along what's funny about
this is I literally have to knock the
dust off my grill yeah I haven't cooked
on this thing since last year it's all
dusty and I'm gonna have to go get
charcoal so I don't have any charcoal
man I love cooking on a charcoal grill I
had the choice between a charcoal grill
and a gas grill I would take charcoal
any day it just tastes better you know
to me and it just has a better flavor
and we're cooking barbecue chicken on
here so it's gonna be really really good
she's just so cute face yeah so precious
he's so cute being here I say that
probably ten times a day
you make a good-looking baby honey
Thanks I was waiting for you to say we
make a good-looking baby it's gonna say
you helped yeah I do what little I help
you scored you all go ahead
after practice not not very practice
we gotta tag-team this the boys have
soccer so for any it's gonna take them
sucker hang out there I'm gonna go to
the store get your chicken and the
barbecue and the charcoal and all the
stuff that we need and then we'll meet
back here after soccer really you guys
start working out honey yes come on
chicken arms go up yeah I realized after
looking through the comments that Carson
wasn't buckled the other day
you weren't buckled I looked through the
footage in could tell ya not good thank
you for buckling Colin love you have a
good soccer practice I'll see you in a
bit
gotta get some water
I've seen a bunch of guys asking why we
do the salt and the salt is because our
water system we don't have city water we
we have a well
so all our water is all our water comes
from the ground so it has rust in it or
minerals that cause like the bath tubs
and sinks and any where the water runs
to get yellow so we have to use salt to
soften the water so that doesn't happen
all right so on the menu tonight we're
gonna have barbecue chicken just gotta
have that sweet baby Ray's barbecue
we're gonna have salad 50/50 spring mix
with mushrooms cheese and then southern
South potato salad I think that's good
in and out in eight minutes that's
unheard of I just set a world record all
right so Veronica's one from soccer we
had a nice little hangout session with
the family they share a few words have
been spoken already but now it's time to
move towards dinner I gotta like the
charcoal love grilling season love it
love it love it and I also thoroughly
enjoy match light charcoal because it's
so easy
I hate wasting my time with the charcoal
you have to poor liar flue it all over
it
that's good that's good that's hot I
don't know if you can see this Oh Barry
can can use a whole bag of charcoal on
that grill it's a small bag small bag
yeah I know you guys have heard of
blackened chicken this is blackened
chicken Ohio style yes please do me the
honors barbecue and chicken people rice
chicken barbecue now we gotta get it all
on there don't you worry I got a brush
too we can just brush that barbecue on
there all day nobody that's how you look
so beautiful today thank you what do you
do
pardon me while I prep my my barbecue
basting dish and get my little brush
here it's getting chilly my sweatshirt
no no mama bear how's your stuff how's
everything mom just came from therapy so
she's she's been wrenched yeah guys have
it I wish you could smell what we smell
right now have a look at the barbecue
now let me get you up close I mean look
at this it's so tasty delicious smelling
you
I did it right you know I come tomorrow
oh yeah having your family over family
form in town mom and dad grandma grandpa
which I don't ever get to spend enough
time with anyways great fantastic meal
they're just enjoying each other's
company these are the moments look at
this what do you think guys how is it
how is everything good he said it's epic
its grill master Gill that's genius
that's the blog title today your master
Gill I know it's awesome
grandma is - Uncle Bill
I'm Larry I like my mom this is a
generational family Uncle Bill mr.
grandpa that's what the boys are to you
oh my god she's so mad at this game see
everyone's standing up that means there
see look I got on Kobol and the
floggings gonna vlog now log he's gonna
vlog now why are your nasal passages
telephone we probably will see them
until until we go to Florida bring it in
I'm the only lawyer all right boys all
right tell our gladiators good night
okay Colin you tell our gladiators good
night all so fluffy says good night he
wants to climb out the window
well guys everyone's gone the baby's
asleep right right over there right
right around the corner so what say we
pick this up at coffee good I'm out of
my coffee house my grandpa and my uncle
took them all last night I took them all
ready for school yeah let's get it let's
get it boy
have fun at school boys I love you boy
are you getting out then
oh I see
they wanted to come to a different bus
stop where one of their friends gets on
girl guys that's about all we've got for
you today listen thank you so much for
hanging out with us and meeting my Uncle
Bill he's such a cool guy old-school guy
from from Florida where I'm from and
listen do unto others as you would have
them do unto you
thanks so much for watching I can't wait
to see you right back here tomorrow
