just pulled in I can't wait to see
everyone let's go say hi to Brown from
the boys in Eliza fluffy did you miss me
did you miss me kitty kitty oh yes
well Veronica's not here they're still
usually after church it is Sunday so
after church they go to Lee's chicken to
get some food so they're still out they
came home right as I was finishing in
the shower how are you guys I missed you
there's a light that's really hard so
what you guys been doing pretty much oh
well would you do the rest of the way
yeah if you learned lots of stuff yes
yes whoa
I'm just on your belly oh well I can
tell you how to chicken for lunch
yeah I need to work on that huh
yeah you just are brainless jerk
you know I don't know what I like better
about my life filming or being a dad I
think I know the answer both I like
being a dad one yeah you like the Invo I
mean yeah it's true but oh there's my
lady my lady
I said miss you leaving Veronica has a
shopping date today I miss you so much
you're only gonna be gone for like 20
minutes right think about 20 minutes to
get there only please be fine you can
spend time with your kiddos well I hope
you have fun and enjoy the time you
enjoy your time without the kids I know
it's been a long week mm-hmm okay even
though you've been here babysitting so
have a babysitting it's not babysitting
on her own children
oh that's right don't use that word
Eliza look
there's a storm coming
uh-uh there's a door coming so you're
gonna breathe
this looks like a nasty one on the radar
nasty
one day you're filming pranks and
setting up some of the biggest coolest
most awesome videos that you can find on
the Internet and then in the next day
that's like that's just the way it goes
you do what you got to do so you can do
what you wanna do that sighting news
look who's back in town oh the Sony's
bag and she's fixed so tomorrow we'll
pick up vlogging again with the Sony
camera the nice and creamy smooth 60
frames per second yep and they left my
little fuzzy on there so I'm excited
about that I thought even though the
zooms still broke cameras no it's fixed
oh yeah it was sent away for fixing for
repair yeah instead of going to my mom's
tonight it's already quite late 7:30
I'd get there I would I would get there
and have to be home
within an hour and a half so not not
worth not worth going so we're gonna go
get some salt for the software cuz our
water is definitely out of salt and I
just want to hang out with you guys is
that okay go to Grandma's yeah
maybe we could go tomorrow looking good
tomorrow for sure
cause I want to see my uncle bill we've
been busy so busy every day is packed
full stuff and the reason I didn't
upload yesterday's because we woke up we
had stuff to do it was just you know it
was like a rat race trying to get
everything finished before the end of
the weekend and I mean I just figured I
can edit when I need to edit we got to
get what we can get while the gettin's
good
would you do hmm would be be you and I
sure did miss these guys the boys are
upstairs taking a shower and gotta get
them ready for bed it's almost nine
o'clock already
the next big trip is gonna be super huge
it's I want to say in about two weeks it
depends on a couple of things but in
about two weeks we're gonna make another
trip that's gonna be a big game-changer
big game-changer Liza
oh honey we missed you did you have fun
have a nice day with those kids yeah I
missed them yeah would you get me I
brought home some food
really yeah I'd like to talk to you soon
cheese squares and a pretzel mmm I
better wrap it in that or make it last
don't eat it all it's Sunday who's
taking the trash to the road : mm-hmm
person I'll do it I'll take the trash to
the road we haven't done this for a few
days
a little bit everyone's missed you Colin
yeah seriously seriously man you guys
are the most awesome kids in the whole
wide world
come on cars
and you're the one the laziest uh-huh
that's Larry all right boys
I'll tell you what I'm super glad to be
home
are you glad I'm home yeah did you miss
me a whole lot yeah how about you I know
pretty crazy on but guess what I'm home
now everything's cool time to get some
rest maybe hopefully we do have a baby
so let's just get the coffee this coffee
is what I've been waiting half for
awhile my coffee loved my coffee
you ready for school buddy yeah do your
cereal bone I still see it over there on
the table better get that finished
coffee's done backpacks lunch is packed
get you to school well I got the kids to
the bus but it was just it was a
scramble we missed the bus by like three
minutes so we had to go to learn the
other stops but check out my yard look
it's been like a week and look at all
the dandelions that's right there aren't
any dandelions this stuff is working it
definitely needs cut though yesterday I
had to go to the store with the kids to
get salt the softener salt because we're
out we are out and it shows in the bat
stuff like when you run out of softener
salt your water gets all hard and turns
the bathtubs orange because there's rust
and other minerals in the water so you
got to stay on top of your salt I feel
bad because the week I was gone was
probably the week that it went out and
it got all hardened so now to add that
salt baby
more to go hey there pumpkin good
morning good morning
we should definitely give her a bet I'm
setting it up we're giving her bad so
guys we're back home we're gonna give
allies a bath I'm gonna get the videos
edited you know we shot a lot of videos
over the past week and ultimately the
goal is to get all of those edited and
ready for uploads so that once
everyone's ready we're all gonna upload
our challenges at the same time and then
the individual videos for each of our
channels will go up whenever you know
whenever we see fit but yeah so I got a
lot of work to do and I just can't wait
to be home and vlog some more
all right guys that's all we got for you
today I can't wait to see each and every
one of you right back here tomorrow
