alright guys the last day it's our last
day at collab fest 2015 let's get it oh
boy this is the next challenge this is
Dennis's challenge Dennis tell somebody
what do you want to say about this
challenge it's gonna be messy bloody
mess Baxter yes why wasn't of all
plastic this one's gonna be super funny
because I maybe the other time you
finish I'll be tethered to this wall was
like a ratchet strap right holding a
camera tell me these guys we're gonna
put lights up in here and yeah talking
safer it just the ratchet strap that's
awesome I'm literally gonna be bouncing
around back here with them filmy
hopefully as long as we have enough
light we've only got these two lights
that little one in that little one and
with the door closed it's nothing
there's no light at all and then it's
about this 230 lumens like I don't think
that's gonna cut it eat it but we'll see
while we're sitting here waiting for
dentist to go dentist had to go to lowes
to get more lights because we need more
lights in the back of that truck Pete
and I are just BS and about yes it about
my weight that's what about the fact
that you keep saying keep bitching about
the fact that you can't gain weight and
yet I've noticed different trends over
this past week when we're here with the
type of food that one chase eats um what
I thought lays stax or Pringles or
doritos were staple food Yeah right I
mean they are a staple of America but
not a staple of building muscle mass or
anything like that and so yeah I know
that you wanted to potentially try and
put on some size i do man i've always
said that i've always said i want to
make you know something out
my body mm-hmm because I'm such a
scrawny dude all those ways of doing
that what do you got you're the guy look
at you you're freaking Popeye how to
people how to gain mass how do I lose
body fat um and like you know there's
you know I lose weight or gain weight
but I'm I'm like what they call the king
of knowing how to gain mass because I
started 120 pounds and I built that up
too I gave like a hundred pounds in
three years there's just different
different things that you can do but
it's all about eating it's all about
diet it's all about making sure that you
you have enough calories you have good
food whole food not just junk food that
just gets processed out of your body
really fast cuz you know essentially you
need you know building blocks something
you know proteins and every day I'd to
actually get you know add muscle I'd you
know essentially go to the gym I mean
you're gonna have to go to gym to gain
mass it's just gonna you know you're not
just gonna be able to eat you're gonna
have to do a little bit of training
right um and weightlifting exactly wait
so you're gonna tear apart some muscle
tissue I want to tear apart that muscle
tissue you need good food to repair that
muscle tissue so it repairs the next
time you go it's just a hole in this
process tearing apart muscle and then
putting it back on but anyways there's a
lot of science behind it and I think we
can teach you about we're so Pete's gone
through a pretty incredible
transformation 120 pounds i weigh 145
pounds tonight so you must have been
smaller than me yeah at six for 20 sec
oh my god so this might be an actual
real great opportunity for you guys I'm
sure I'm not the only guy out there
who's skinny can't gain weight Yeah
right why don't you and I work together
you helped teach me what I need to eat
what kind of training training like
working out so you're saying ma'am yeah
a little money I would just probably
give you my guide cuz I've written out
guide that i sell to client but I just
give you that guy to follow
as you have questions you know teach you
I can customize a diet or Pacific to
what you like to eat and again I got but
it's you know it's really at the end of
day all this is really simple but you've
got to want to do it you gotta stick to
it sticking to it and artist part it's
the hardest part especially with the
lifestyles that we live you know
traveling and everything like that it
gets difficult but I think you can do it
I want to man I i want to i think this
is a real mama box if you always want to
see a series like this yes and i think
not only would it be good for me but it
would also be an excellent learning
experience for all of you guys too maybe
we can help share some information to
get other people on the right track
totally I'm down for it yeah hit up that
comment section give me some inspiration
help motivate me tell me how bad you
want to see Gilroy arm-wrestle Pete's a
muscle I want to arm-wrestle Pete in one
year and see if I can win alright that
sounds good look put up those muscles
beat shoot me Dennis shoot me with the
light I want to see it
hmm
watch it
yeah we need this to be enough light we
really do did you go to know my Thomas
doctor there you go wait three yeah well
I can see you with my camera pretty good
check that out oh yeah dude three of
them is gonna be great how the white
started like how we got the setup change
this is pretty cool man this is going to
be food this is going to be probably the
most exciting challenge I think it's
gonna be good I was actually supposed to
go home today but I decided to stay
because I want to film this with Dennis
and then we're also going to film an egg
roulette challenge tonight for my
channel we're all going to do these
challenges and upload them right around
the same time so that you guys can see
what we've been working on hey I need
that wait that once you probably go on
the door oh I realize him let their do I
take it the way the light I bring it
haha
this thing's really coming together
people we got three new lights up there
where we didn't have before whose truck
is this that's Jim's truck haha right
that's Jim's truck bang bang cross 2015
same time are you ready for this awesome
be so much fun as you ready who's ready
for this challenge oh this time it's a
man we have to do oh yeah was it what it
soluble longer some people maybe yeah
all right so I was saying like it looks
good hahaha getting the keys are inside
I saw you I saw the keys when you were
on the couch you were doing this to them
you're a totally we're all ready for
this challenge and now everyone's loaded
in the prank tank can't find the key to
the truck ha picked up the eggs for my
egg roulette challenge later tonight a
little bit of snacks and goodies but
Ali's getting a different kind of outfit
you're really gonna wear that he's
wearing a dress for this all right we're
ready go intro ready everybody honey ok
actually weren't this is what's
happening guys haha awesome all right
our Jimbo we're ready
it's automatic chase dude you're gonna
get hurt really no I'll go these guys
are seriously messed up yeah oh man
that's good all of our challenge
participants and now watching themselves
in a car wash I don't think it's gonna
work and I'll bet it hurt I'll bet it
hurts real bad that's why we know look
at you I can when I get home right here
with that I'm lucky I know we got a
little bit on me exactly what i wore in
this is what's left truck it's bad it's
a mess all the guys hopped out walked
over this way not cleaning themselves in
the car wash that was a fun challenge so
much fun it's so loud it's loud in here
very loud audio's very bad it's gonna
suck that's why I'm gonna wait to film
anymore till we get outside dinner is
done we're back on the streets Kelly's
taking off with our boy here you guys
leaving yeah bro I'm gonna go out to a
bar have a nice drink have myself as
nice and cinnati woman hopefully glad I
got to see you kiss on the mouth busy
not that last one about cuzzo know what
thanks dude it was really lysine it's
really nice senior like really nice
funny like really nice like royal enough
or really really look at a school good
no it's not no it is it really is
walking back in the dark the dog car got
towed we're walking back in the darkness
yeah it's only twelve o'clock I just got
smashed with probably a dozen eggs I
need to wash myself up no this is so sad
less to do tomorrow morning we're
checking I know I'm getting bombed we
filmed all the videos we can possibly
film for the week you can see we just
finished the last challenge by my shower
yeah thanks for everything Jimbo oh man
awesome rockin week like it it was on my
gosh it was a total total blast oh so he
is up he's packing his bag I'm all
packed up I'm gonna have two hours of
sleep and I'm gonna head to the airport
you have to leave at 630am no I have to
leave that for my flights at six-thirty
oh yeah didn't think that one through oh
come on that don't do that but listen
you guys need to make sure to go follow
Pete yes here is Pete you're sure you
know him already but if you have it and
we're gonna we're gonna do that project
ran yeah we're gonna put some size on
this guy I'm gonna see a whole new
business card you'll get to purge am
super strong he's doing baby awesome
yeah man ha yeah happy happy travels
Denny
Danny are you ready for this what to
expect it's over dude I know it's just
begun to Philadelphia next New York City
I know I believe me I can't believe
you're gonna go hit it hard for another
two weeks I pay for my kids college bro
yeah I do what I gotta do it's awesome
yeah I wish you luck my friend once you
come tomorrow morning when I wake up and
this is where our vlog will continue we
get to go back home and see the wife and
kids you know and do the dad thing the
dad dude the dad thing do the dad thing
do the dead a new did thing so that
being said we're gonna wrap things up
for tonight I got a lot of packing to do
and put all our gear away and all that
stuff so let's pick this up and coffee
good morning just like that right what
do you think I think that this was
awesome glad fest was a success and i
can't wait for 2 point 0 ba demons are
coming soon yeah I'm sure gladiators can
say the same it is fun it was a blast
but I'll tell you what I'm ready to go
home and sleep in my bed I'm raise a
flea without the worry of haha poppers
or water balloons or liquid a sir
Heather take a bugs other stuff more
market well I can't wait to go pick up
my boy today and we're gonna hang out oh
no daddy discuss your families do
daddy's unite yeah I'll see you later
bro I got have fun surely i will in New
York yeah Dennis don't stop this guy
keeps going oh yeah we'll meet up in LA
you never know hi gladiators gilroy dude
oh cincinnati I'll tell you what collab
fest was a ton of fun and I cannot wait
for to point out let's go home this is
where we leave each other I'm gonna get
the heck back long Veronica the boys I
can't wait to be a lot of fun thank you
guys so much for watching and I can't
wait to see you right back here
you
