I just finished getting ready and I'm
hearing the guys up there hooting
hollering let's go see what's going on
then I just heard you screaming what
happened 1 million subscribers in the
house Ukraine chin oh yes to all these
people in this room right here seriously
Oh Jay help some terrassa up some
serious p helps and Tom made help all
that love all that power tayport these
broken with me lifted me up yeah
congrats huh feels good osco films let's
go film yeah time to film here's what
just happened me Dennis Tom Jimbo came
out to film it was funny like
inspiration strikes you at the most
inopportune moments when you least
expect it so keep your eyes open in your
mind open to accept changes in the plan
because they came up with a completely
different idea which is way better than
what we were just gonna film the nice
twist which what that's what Jimbo is
really good at is taking a great idea
and making it even better I love Jesus
guy lucky says it look so instead we're
changing it up to not film not better
even different state will have to do
this yeah yeah real awesome yeah so
instead we're gonna knock film and have
my hot dogs and another letdown the hot
dog place doesn't even open till three
it's like friday hope it doesn't open
till three wow check out our lunch beast
right chicken sandwiches mac and cheese
cornbread oh good we left just in time
the rain is here
Thunder there's a thunderstorm coming oh
that was good we just ate a whole list
fried chicken spot it was called the
Eagle so best fried chicken I had for a
while a barrette best I've ever Jimmy
brought them home yeah that's dessert
chick yeah we're Josh what yeah we're
looking about to be behind the scenes of
Batali and cam is about to prank Jake
today all the ridiculously lastly hairy
spider what's up subscribe 20 together
oh nice bro we are so going to give this
yeah
I want the toxin is he's super afraid of
spiders with major like his biggest
fears with jay and he's in watch this
video is in business like this boat
that's what I told Jay to go hi I wasn't
gonna what metallic what do didn't touch
his spider I can't do it he's at least
gonna skip it so I'm trying to tell me
don't you do it what you doing no good
no you were right i had you if it were
my friend because why don't you do it
and show me a little bit if it bites you
first please I like it won't bite I
together but i will pick it up
please teach you how to do the frankish
go so fast forward into the day a little
bit we had to be sneaky because me and
cam and metallic snuck out and went to
the pet store and got tarantulas gonna
do this tonight do not Kim and Kim and
metallic it's gonna prank jay jay is so
afraid of spiders and they got this
creepy little arrangement put it on yeah
I don't know how they're planning to put
it together yet when I oh I think it's
gonna be like we're gonna pose for an
Instagram picture right yeah and Tom's
gonna be a cop or something like that
but we're gonna put it together like
we're gonna pose for an Instagram
picture hopefully Pete mr. musk deer oh
he's a cute little deer come here come
here kill me baby
Tim of baby girl
oh yeah me and Dennis decided to sneak
away for a minute to go get some gas
dude I'm on 0 miles left to take well
how many times this truck is at zero mom
I'll steer it while you book oh my god
basically we did a challenge well he
thought it was a challenge this was the
last minute thing yeah last minute thing
and I were just sitting there's like a
let's go to a challenge I got this stuff
I picked up at lowes for this challenge
and then Pete was bought into it I had
Tom and Jim and uh Turris crazy Russian
hacker to help me distract Pete and Pete
bought it hook line and sinker and he
was like all in today yeah totally
surprised I saw the clip it's freakin
hilarious oh you have no idea we're
gonna get Tom some drinks you just all
right all right you guys are really
going all out for this picture you're
gonna really put these things on funny
wait you're gonna be the convict oh that
makes sense okay and Tom's the cop like
it I'll these your glasses no I can't
pull off those glasses so I'll be the
photographer for this photo this is
going on who's Instagram yours Oh both
of them look at lunch yeah let's take
separate ones right nice nice how you
saw me baby this is fun this is off this
is fun doing Instagram pictures oh that
is until I get back into it man what a
vlog this yeah you were great not a
figure this is really hot it's really
hot hey Puckett I just got the most
incredible back cracking by 00 by Tom
sounds horrible water it does sound
horrible but it felt right look Kevin s
Lucas loan
I feel I don't 10 years yeah good okay
yes oh hey yeah yeah give a listen here
I go oh my gosh oh yeah like know
everything about she did it go yesterday
everyone be quiet oh oh I think I got
everything all right well uh by Dennis
will will see upstairs okay dude good
night everybody videos the guys are
about to do it a bald head some beard
can challenge you see my sister I with
you they asked if I would shave my head
but I'm not gonna shave my head because
this for I'm tiny bitch more witnesses
right where are we what is this Adams
now Adams now Adams is the place to be
right now this looks like
Oh meet Ali she kisses when she stops in
the middle of this out of the phoenician
that kiss does that mean oh hi hope that
means Reed had one too many drinks last
night one too many but we're at this
back of the pet store to take this guy
back in fresh water mmm yes
we can't just let him go we got to make
sure he's gonna be okay so for all you
animal lovers we're bringing it back
doing the right thing takes a lot out of
you so now we're gonna go get some
gotcha nah now we're gonna get some
breakfast at a place my grandma always
used to take me to cracker barrel let's
get some sharp cheddar hey say what is
this gavage what is this garbage say
hogie hogie say car gah say something
else there something else in uh I don't
know I arson hahaha Jay found just the
thing he wants for his dad and my god
yeah that's nice I want it to apparently
they make you wait in this place they
make you wait whether the dining room is
full or not so you can walk through the
store and bio on the garbage gagging
garbage Vasudha oh it's raining
going pull around hey I'm gonna go grab
the car bring it out front like an
escort service no I can run in the rain
did you enjoy your breakfast yeah Kim
they didn't go out last night they
stayed in smart p
but now we're going to go back to the
crank house I can't call it Frank house
because it's much more than that right
so much more than this madhouse we're
gonna go back we're going to prep for
the new box truck paint challenge I
don't know what exactly call that either
but it's going to be hilarious and fun
and maybe even a little bit dangerous
yeah it's going to get crazy so I'm
gonna leave you guys here at the
restaurant all right we got stuff to do
that's all I got for you today guys
thank you so much more and I can't wait
to see you right back here tomorrow
