your para washes driver
that's pretty much that everything's
still drawing the end of the driveway
down here it's dry mostly looks
fantastic that's how you power wash the
driveway you guys let me just say that
if you're looking for a great summer job
power washing is power washing is the
new lawn mowed it does take a little bit
more money to invest like in a really
nice power washer you've got to have
that surface cleaner I think it's called
a whisper wash or something like that
but man they they make they make it so
much easier with the right tools you can
get any job done with Eve and make some
serious cash so kid that I don't know
man I'm hungry I got up this morning
early got the kids off to school flies
off the base there and then come and
tackle job and I'm done before 12:30 how
epic is that so let's do
who will get the that is a marbled rye
Reuben with sweet potato fries I'm gonna
plate for Kristy as you know I used to
work and you go boom I used to work in
this very same spot when this room with
nothing but an empty open vacant space
now when the choice Bucky and Lancaster
hey there's my mom I don't know what it
is guys but I'm like super big fan of
the chainsmokers everything they put out
pretty much every single thing they put
out is amazing like it just makes you
happy if you want a date
listen to Lionel Richie got love that
you're listening to Lionel Richie right
now that's ever get apart lost that
forever fiesta forever all night long I
know I know the deal oh yeah we're done
look at this right now it's not cloudy
it's not raining I'm outside the t-shirt
all is right with the world
okay so I had to stop at the house and
pick up the girls
there's echo and angel you guys going
for a car ride I know you're excited
Ursula I know it's a tough one it's been
a while since I've taken them per car
ride you girls ready we're gonna go get
Liza
are you excited to have echo by you yeah
oh she jumped right over you oh my
goodness you're good girl yeah echoes
women did you like your face no yeah I'm
really surprised we made it home and no
one threw up or went to the bathroom
anywhere in the car pretty epic for a
first ride and a wild echo come on girl
for you Oh
get the cat good comeback where you want
to go somewhere else
hey guys hi Eliza yeah this place is
kind of grumpy today I'm trying to get
dinner fix I'm going to cook some
burgers out on the grill and make some
afraid o noodles she actually just had
two bowls of salad she needed something
to eat but never cooked on the grill
like ever before oh yeah family first
yeah this is where they don't like hold
the grease in the flame
oh I don't like doing this what are you
doing on my grill
I don't know I'm laying boiling some
burgers really frozen that's the first
rule you don't ever put frozen beef on a
grill the worst thing ever
most amazing line beans are done can we
turn it off and put cheese on them now
what yeah my mom had to turn it on for
me why don't you come get me well I
didn't know we were busy various tribal
you'll get the cheese ooh thank you
yeah I had to I had to you know live
stream and has heard Eve showed up you
see pastor deben are working on a very
special project together and Dave what
do you think of that special project
preview you like that okay see what came
up Dave rishaad meals like I want to
make something special I don't want it
to be overly and I was like Dave I'm
gonna do something great for you and
he's delivering Veronica is delivering
on melted cheese thanks for cooking
honey I'm so proud of you you're doing
it brought on dry Oh guys they're done
good cheese ha ha ha person careful
melted cheese perfectly and everything
looks lies are you proud of me
so private super scared but you learn
amazing we have to duty I thought dinner
was good
needless to say I like things well done
like my food I like my food cooked well
done and it's just how I cooked it okay
all done
no I mean it's very well done it's not
overly well done
nothing is burnt it's very well done and
as well God it's perfectly well done um
very well John hey you're in your belly
full I won't cook on the grill anymore
you sold him look ultimately my job yeah
you know I'll just let you know wasn't
it so now it's grown master burn be
nizzle grill master be nizzle bezel
shizzle
yeah that was a real master named char
grill not cached a grill master the
hashtag grill master bean is old for
shizzle quick hi char grill master be
nizzle for rizal no I shagged a nuzzle
bizzle for shizzle for Rizal there you
go
hey we take a bite for me she's really
concentrating on getting all that bun
broke up back on a cheeseburger here
take a bite of your cheeseburger
oh why man you're just seeing those boys
this piece just try it
if we could like if you like hang out
together and watch a movie I'll help you
with laundry and give you back a massage
is that a deal
we're gonna do is it's like 30 minutes
so bad time for the kids and then we're
going to rent a movie and we're gonna
show you like a couple going to couple
it up we're gonna watch a movie and give
her a back massage and do laundry
together
how adult is that today was fantastic
the weather was beautiful we got some
more of that coming but as spring goes
it's gonna rain a little bit I think I
might rain tomorrow but oh yeah oh my
gosh it's gonna rock
she loves rock yeah guys that's pretty
much we're going to end it for today I'm
gonna hang out with my wife and just
until be together and stuff like this
because we're a cute couple I think
thumbs up if you think maybe nasal
bizzle fishes aphorism grow man if we
got that down fine like this
if you think we're the best girl ever
thank you guys so much for watching we
can't wait to see you right back here oh
my god
