so guys we're reviewing the string out
that I just put together of our Cricut
blow challenge we look super funny super
hilarious I can't show you just yet
because we have plans for this video but
Jay and Kim are locked outside and
dennis is throwing water and snaps right
on guys you hear the doorbell we got a
new guest new guest Hey
hi sweetheart let me help you
hey Liza hi sweetie baby girl let's
bring her in good to see you honey hi
welcome to the prank house watch your
step drawers hey say hi to my baby girl
this is Veronica
hey javi your frickin arches mommy's not
holding her baby Liza came still show
Hey hi who is this
hi Liza Annalise is gonna be the most
popular girl at the party that's for
sure
right Pete yeah man you in a folder you
can get you some baby love no idea what
happens when I hold hands
what tell me oh we just had some pizza
for lunch
hanging out with Veronica the veg game
ya need baby lighter heart she's glad to
see me too but now me and her are gonna
shoot a cool little Leo Hawk I did one
time a long time ago I got almost no
views on it but we got butter milk and
then we got food coloring and deep dish
soap and it's gonna pretty cool you guys
stay tuned yeah
stay tuned this will be on terrazas
trust cool Channel so we're trying to
clean this mess up now and they're
making a bigger mess
take a tour honey we do the house check
this is Vitaly he's editing video and
usually you can find him right there on
the couch this is Jay and Kim spot
upstairs you got to be careful I'm
serious I'm surprised we haven't been
hit with some flying knives or anything
yet but upstairs a little balcony
they're pretty cold through here down
this way and this is Vitaly and he's
editing video stuff this is the
mid-level bathroom Pia sleeps in there
this is our spot right here and this is
Taurus sleeps with him yeah there's my
bed this is Tom's room with Jimbo this
one I like is my favorite
I'm hot I think the boys got a little
crazy in there last night yeah seriously
seriously crazy who brought a leaf
blower look at this yes you can't really
see it yeah pretty cool bathtub shower
it's very sink you want to move in
you should just rebuild our house yeah
we definitely can make some sweet
upgrades to our house my gosh
63 oh yes sir Veronica wanted to come
down and hang out with us today and give
Dennis a chance to see the baby smile
what I want to know if Batali's got what
it takes to make a lot of smile this is
that ticklish anyway sure this sentence
he did it twice in a row and she left no
not anymore she's camera shy every time
you put your picture on the spot
yeah she's staying at her heart he's
here I'm glad you came I needed to see
her smiles yes I did i Goti her yeah
it's that sad time bye sweetheart love
you
mommy's got to go home I'm so glad you
came I wish so bad we could have got you
here with no kids so we could have
really you know brought you in the right
way you got off lucky hmm
Kim got Eliza one of these little minion
dolls that's Dave bye boy good okay
we're literally just trying to kill time
and properly coordinate the very last
few days of collab fest I know I can't
be doing this time stay for another week
I think we've got a really solid idea
for the rest of the time you know I mean
we're gonna make some pretty epic
challenge videos the goal is if the
weather doesn't foil us we're gonna try
and make some pretty cool videos not if
not as as as if we didn't already just
more dude your videos awesome yeah the
video do a Tom awesome
we're great in Tom's video thank you oh
we had the best reaction where do you
see it I'm actually pretty proud of it
I'm actually pretty jealous first time
Franken nails it yeah your natural your
no I've been watching this stuff for a
long time so yeah I see all these things
through the lens ooh
Furcal even though it doesn't seem like
it I've already filmed like I don't know
I did a rubber band pan quick tip at
Arras today I did I filmed Pete and
Batali just did a burrito eat off pee
make day tomorrow for here Jay are gonna
do a caramel apple competition are you
pumped for this or what yeah man are you
gonna winner well can you handle all
that comedy I made for before it
finishes we just discovered that Vitaly
was drooling on trough right there you
thought wait what hold on body wipe it
on him baby I did if I know you're like
immediately put your finger through
children
wiping it right there you just drooled
and now your finger but that makes you
look like actions video service
I swear my mother's life yeah Mitali is
a drooling he does drew like a rabid dog
I just I have no idea what you're saying
but you're saying with so much rage you
know I know this is true by didn't know
pee pee what you know Russian you know
Julian post you know zoom you know my
name is Olga
vena cava everybody this how whiskey
whiskey the dish please my Russian tell
me what they're saying because I have no
looks like we're doing what are we doing
tella jalapeno no it's good
no I need that I need that like we're
about to do another another challenge
with some happiness first one to start
sweating losses last one left
winner I'm an idiot and I already
grabbed one on my way through how are
you guys even still alive someone's
gonna puke this was the worst you know
me I love spicy things but we just ate a
whole plate of jalapeno freshly cut and
I don't know what it is but these were
the hottest jalapenos that I've ever eat
Jay was the winner
Dennis was second look at him on his
head really yeah fire one fire
yeah brah you're doing challenges Tim
they're cooking up some possums ah
so good what do you call it chicken
Spanish girl chicken Spanish grilled
chicken no grilled chicken got B not
chicken oh okay
well it smells fantastic you guys
thought it was bad for him to be here
she's making the best food we've ever
had oh well he's knocked out in the
bathroom he's actually not bad no escort
so supposedly the hottest spot in town
where is it well it ain't where are we
going going I agree we're going on
Dennis wants to get a log jam
yes last night was fun and all
and we definitely you know had a couple
drinks we enjoyed ourselves it was a
celebration for Dennis Dennis was is on
the cusp of a million subscribers so
congratulations to you that's Vitaly is
still sleeping but the thing is that our
beer this guy right here kept us up late
with some really crazy and glorious
antics how much planning went into that
I'm not gonna say exactly everything
because I was gonna go you're gonna put
that on your oh yeah yeah basically I
got I got peak peak coming out of his
room in his tighty whities and I got a I
got to Ross yeah seriously cuz that woke
me up know what I will tell you is
imagine if you're sleeping in or if I'm
in the morning yeah and all of a sudden
it's like 20 different alarm clocks
start going off and you can't fly he did
some crazy stuff last night Tom when he
said alarm clocks
he bought a bunch of these little tiny
alarm clocks he's little ones with the
most annoying
buzzer baby baby and at 4:00 or 5:00 in
the morning they all just start going on
I gotta give it to you no yeah that's
good so so basically we were into the
next day but Ellie still sleeping we had
to get some editing done make sure you
guys go check out my hell too and review
Channel because me and Taurus did a
collab and there's a new video now live
on there a new thing that I call quick
tips we'll be rolling out more of those
videos here in the future so we're
getting ready to go start filming I'm
gonna do my hair you know the drill but
all we got for a day guys
thank you so much for watching we can't
wait to see you right back here
