sorry kids it's another day we're
getting ready to go this is what we're
working with today the guys are gonna
stay back look I can't believe he's here
my face tallied check out our little mic
setup without it we don't happen to have
a lid but you'll stay here the Michael
being a cup carried by one of our
gentlemen here sat down next to our bag
this one's gonna be fun just gonna freak
people out yeah especially you Jimbo
just come along sitting on someone's
life I had I had to gain 10 pounds 10
pounds from this world he had the game
for the head of gain 50 pounds Tommy
look legit as a doctor I'm just uh I'm a
organ transporter mag I call me dr. J
yeah listen guys as a cameraman it's
pretty difficult to shoot with all these
different people because how we have a
setup is like toms prank is shot with
his gear and Jays prank a shot with his
gear so everyone's gears a little
different so as a camera guy you have to
kind of you know adapt to every one
every different person come down here
you guys ready ready let's bring
something up you sneak up on these
people
you think we're just two guys hanging
out from grass Jason doing his thing
this is great
here comes Jim Bob comes Jim Bob I know
I call Jim Bob resume JimBob from a TV
show look guys dude they put me in the
doctors you know what we love chase so
much like you're always being on a
camera did you count you gotta be in a
prank so I was like are you sure yeah
you got it brother you know don't even
fit on making it doesn't fit me at all
but then what happened the best reaction
of the day was this man right yeah this
man is one all day I hope I wasn't
shaking the camera too much when I was
left you like to do Alvin look like a
young doctor like it I honestly feel
like that that it was pure coincidence
that dude that particular guy was just
off the hook funny yeah he was like you
know super Anna remember no no no it was
gold JC rocket brother I mean you
knocked it out of the park we got a man
afraid I feel bad that's a collapse what
we do it nice I feel good that's what
camera guys are in pranks oh yeah baby
we're gonna go back to the house eat
regroup and I'll be shooting a couple of
my quick tip videos with to Ross J as
well and hopefully tom maybe Tom's got
Smith insightful tips for you guys for
your film
preaches mr. awesome Vitaly talking to
each other and their native language is
good don't do it some more some bad
stuff so you don't understand but we
have some Russian viewers they might
understand that do some want anybody to
know that why can't you why can't you
talk Russian and be clean about this
what you're talking shit about you oh
damn yeah you gotta stop reveal to us
and I are gonna film some videos later
yo he's busy dude this guy's machine to
Ross has been filming non-stop since
Guyer this cookie stuff so simple and
useful you know like yeah oh here's a 10
the wrong girl like this lighting you
want this I think it looks great no shit
down man that's hilarious glasses of
safety dude do you see that cop Keith
his I almost cookie the eye out alright
and recording okay guys you got a nacho
Chuck we do to get what he says okay I'm
recording you get away with mrs. sec
cancel hahahaha
need another 10 because for your logo ki
kadi nailed he figured out why it was
like filming with these guys that's how
he put me on the spot with his vlog I'm
like okay I'm gonna do it perfectly
hello I love I know Damon vivio Jay and
I just finished shooting a little quick
tip video for my channel make sure you
guys go subscribe Suzanne wicked beeping
awesome wicked awesome like a mad house
pranksters right there.that house pranks
man has pranksters thanks to is well
enough more than one that's so confusing
it's a houseful it is a houseful
southland yeah the bdubs I'm so glad the
last time I came here I decided
definitively what my favorite sauce was
so I known to get every time now I don't
even need to mess around look at all
these guys hungry Oh who's that guy
ah there's a food fest we haven't eaten
really anything all day dude your parts
are going to smell so bad later fuck you
so you move together it's a black hat
right Dylan on it the guide our table
with the black hat want you guys to do
that on the microphone Apple excessively
celebratory birthday thing I'll see you
at the table in a few tangible koalas we
were very special birthday yesterday
Vitaly
19 people nah well dinner was great hi
guys now we're gonna go back to the what
are we calling this the Franco so Frank
House we're going back to the prank
house to see we can film next just like
we love you so much fed up as well it's
not an abusive algae we're apparently we
are now doing this minus dog goes well
hello to all right so we're down to the
last last person challenge is oh go
Challenge is over and Dennis's decided
to make good use of the rest of these
guys yeah so not all high gets moved out
some were consumed yeah I think Pedro
eight five of them yeah so we're letting
them there the rest of my dog and they
can be dinner for the frogs or something
yeah it's good I don't
alright guys you're the lucky ones
freedom you deserved it that's what it's
all about he's like what yeah Ross is
part of the fun look this is what sets
us apart you guys Pete where's Pete Pete
already ended his vlog Tom dissented his
vlog Battaglia's in his long I need to
start my vlog no Dennis as you started
but we keep going we keep going till I
get coffee at least stay there yeah yeah
it's like a log like you've blogged on
an everyday basis I'm you know I'm do
i'm just taking all my footage all week
and making one crazy long ass vlog just
do what you want man I said just one
long blog yeah whatever you want to do
is what you should do that's what I'm
comes in for a midnight snack and the
rest of us are getting ready to head to
bed but don't you worry because in the
blink of an eye it's morning in time for
coffee oh I fire did
definitely time to take a shower look
this is the bad thing about this
bathroom this door is the last so you
can see right through it and the shower
alright guys that's all I got for today
thank you so much for watching I can't
wait to see you right back here
