you guys one of my most favorite things
to do at the beginning of summer is to
get my Jeep or my vehicles all super
clean so they look super fly check this
out
look how clean I got this boys man was
like crap but it's actually clean
cleaned all my instrument panels all the
center console I need to do armor-all
and I need to do the windows and then I
need to take it to the wash and spray
down and wash it all the outside and I'm
gonna get a cloth and do wipe all this
stuff off we still have so much sand
from going to the beach everywhere on
this Jeep so it's really hard to get it
all out but she's starting to look
really nice
boom bye-bye sweetheart look at that
cute little bow man she's okay you
didn't ready take her from me yeah in
the Jeep that I've just immaculately it
for you
wonderful take picture of the insider
don't usually last that long you'd be
good okay do they love you
yeah thank you I can't help but talk
like that one I talk here tonight we're
going we when the kids get home we're
gonna go to my mom's because my mom got
my grandma for Mother's Day a new Kindle
the Kindle Fire HD and she loaded her up
with Facebook and she's gotten all kinds
of people to follow her on Facebook and
she's just I think it's a cool gift
removing my grandma into the Facebook
age since she has nothing to do but sit
on her couch all day now she can at
least be another Facebook mindless
zombie right I love you I'll see you in
a little bit it's Mikey Mikey it feels
so nice having clean about the cars the
both the cars are clean of debris and
whatnot don't you like having clean cars
: yeah it's awesome you get anybody you
got this we're here and I wish I could
put that kind of stuff in the vlog but
due to music copyright issues we really
can't put that stuff on YouTube so check
my snapchat check out my snapchat for
some super funny lyrical hilariousness
yeah yeah we were jamming jamming what
the heck they tried to make a lampshade
out of the dog she's on one what's wrong
with her how are you mama
everything I have a stitch coming out
that happened to Veronica except it was
on her belly there's the gift she's
gonna be so happy
matter of fact she's gonna be like what
is my name
chaser ooh take my picture Bram oh you
got a present for Mama's head oh why
because I just told you why cuz I'm a
mother
yeah yeah look do you even know what
this is I have no I think I can't lose
smell it smell it what do you mean
there's no smell
he's just there's no smell okay look
it's a jet pack this is this is Internet
yeah you got Internet you're kidding
and you got this is a Kindle Fire HD you
had before but you lost yeah I don't
know you can watch our YouTube videos
now what's an argument for time that
thing there oh okay yes this thing here
you can watch me on YouTube every day
every day you're on TV
yep
yep I'm right there on your Kindle Fire
what do you think about that that's
awesome and you can Facebook and you can
tweet and you can Instagram I don't know
you can't Instagram maybe you can't
Instagram but you can you can do all
kinds of stuff and send emails and keep
in touch with people around the world
oh wow I don't know anybody around the
world well you know me and I know plenty
of people around the world just a race
Oh John Pulaski jr. Johnny yeah yes yeah
all these are actually from people's my
kids look Annie OH
click on it not the checkmark mom yeah
just click the actual what the heck we
got a brand new subscriber yeah grandma
the camera looks awful it's alright it's
alright not your fault my head we just
got done teaching trying to teach
grandma all the ins and outs of the
YouTube and the Kindle Fire and the
Facebook and emails and are you excited
yes
you got more people in the palm of your
hands and you know that with everybody I
know I'll have to look for oh my kids
and relatives in Saratoga you know it's
broken because you mean I can watch you
on on here and there's no limit to how
many more videos you still injured know
you can watch your word vlogs all day or
day good any banana what well I just
spent the better half of two hours Wow
two whole hours two hours just like that
hanging out telling stories I love you
Graham
I love you too honey I can't get enough
oh good we're gonna record some stories
actually I came with this idea to sit
down with my new camera
record some stories that in the future
we can always look back on and
appreciate your corn yep
mom's made dinner I'm gonna go eat what
you make here mama
pork tenderloin huh smells good smells
good
see this is what I'm just hanging out
with my mom it's Mother's Day on Sunday
and I've got my mom I've got my grandma
I've got Veronica
Veronica's mom Veronica stepmom so many
moms to pay attention to this weekend
you guys to make sure that you
appreciate and spend time with those
important ladies because it means the
world to them you know and then in about
a month
it'd be Father's Day this is what I do I
come over here and I and I get to talk
and talk to my dad for a couple hours
I've been here for a long time it's now
10 o'clock it's time to go home if you
can see me
yeah hey make sure you get good rest
okay you got awesome soccer game
tomorrow and you gotta get your good
sleep okay Colin don't tell our
gladiators good night and for you Carson
so Veronica got this kit what is this
this is jamberry your nails thing nails
yes didn't you're getting jiggy with it
yeah so you're gonna start doing this is
the startup guide yes I am now a
consultant
jamberry now oh she's a nail girl that's
so crazy not really something that US
guys can get into all right guys so
Veronica took the baby to bed but late I
want a midnight snack
has been doing in there morning already
you missed everything you missed making
breakfast and bacon and sausage
everything Carson I ate a sausage tell
everyone your first sausage how was it
oh I loved every breakfast of my life
you one sausage for every breakfast in
his life it's a simple request after
breakfast was delicious I got myself
shower he ate some sausage baby Liza's
fed and happy and it's time to take the
boys to soccer game it's a soccer game
my mom is coming I don't either
but it's gonna be listen I feel bad guys
yesterday I was selfish I was selfish
because I only hung out with my parents
without vlogging and I didn't bring you
guys the quality of video that you
should expect from a Gilroy vlog so
we're gonna keep going I forgot to
mention I tried to call the Ohio
Department of Natural Resources
yesterday but the office was closed and
I was really hoping to get someone out
here so that we could teach you guys and
myself you know what to do in that
situation when you have a bird's nest
inside your garage or house or somewhere
you don't want it on your property I
will take your suggestions and at some
point put a GoPro up there so you guys
can see that I don't know if we'll be
able to capture them hacci but I'll get
I'll get some footage up there I promise
who did that today at 1:30
it's 12:15 oh I must added that for you
actually
it's an 80 minute massage so clearly
schedule gogo
all around good job defending good job
out there run harder yeah yeah save some
for your belly here suck it in beauty
Carson kick it in that's it get a car to
get it
come on boys you can do it you did good
man
you you and you hey what do you say we
go get a nice freezing cold ice cream
huh mommy's going to get a massage we're
going to get ice cream
I got you all right honey you're on your
way you know what you need to take a
camera when you get home grab a camera
time remember that's true you got to get
there I love you enjoy I deserve a kiss
yeah yeah I'll see you back here
civilian she's singing I love you okay
bye
we sent mommy to the spa and now we're
gonna enjoy some ice cream you ready for
some ice cream yeah super hot right well
that was awesome you guys aren't you
glad that grandma came to see you guys
play and came to have ice cream with us
a Haymond I hope mommy's having a good
time she's getting eighty minute massage
right now I can only imagine what that
feels like
happy Mother's Day I mean enjoy it it's
definitely time to relax and suck up
some of the cooler air because it is hot
out there so I'm gonna get the editing
done that's all I got for today
so it's time to set this camera down
listen guys carpe diem seize the day
seize the day today thank you so much
for watching we'll see you right back
here tomorrow
