what's up guys what is happening toyou
thought there so I'm being goofy
I just finished editing today's video
trying to get that done
sooner than later because yesterday I
was attached to my computer literally
most of the day and I just can't help
but look outside and see how frickin
gorgeous it is look at that this is my
workspace and this is what I look at hey
hey lady hi there baby girl
yep she's cute
mmm I gotta eat something I'm I'm like
you know you know how your head feels
when you haven't eaten anything yet
that's how I feel right now I got these
things at the store the other day
they're really good little protein packs
cheese ham almonds 13 grams protein just
right here this little snack I guess I
got to tell you hi I just finished
editing yesterday's video oh yeah yeah
you flog like a champion oh yeah yeah
now I'm super worried that everyone's
just gonna want to see you instead of me
what do you think okay you can take over
you mean take over you can take over
Veronica takes over gilroy blogs and I
focus 100% on legends of Awesome
I don't think I could do that though
because I really enjoy vlogging I really
enjoy it I do you know because I get to
think creatively and I do these little
tricks like my night to day transition
or the the way we changed up the the
intro and outro sequence how it's blurry
you know I just like it I love that yeah
what do you think Eliza you make the
decision
she says I'm just hungry
I'll tell you what guys when it rains it
pours for some people my poor cousin
sunny she was over here last night
helping veronika with those pallets and
she texts me she says I lost my ring I'm
gonna come over and maybe you can help
me find it and then I go okay yeah no
problem
so she's on her way over here and I look
out the window and poor sunny done got
pulled over by the police this is the
same guy we got with the Green Dragons
for Sonny I feel bad for you Sonny Sonny
lost a ring that was precious to her mom
gave it to her when she was 18 she
turned 18 I'm sorry Sonny and then you
got pulled over this is what that movie
says you spiral when you tend to spiral
things get worse and worse but you have
the power so I need to turn everything
around you just have to think positive
just ask the universe say universe
bring me my ring back yesterday or the
day before that his last time I really
actually remember having it was no it
was on the video I was actually
fortunate enough to scan the video from
yesterday that she was in and saw the
ring on your hand so it was there I know
look at our mine yard of shoes look at
us we get to me shears on Carson yeah
are you ready for soccer yeah you got
five goals yesterday I know so awesome
you're getting a lot better talent
before long you're gonna be out like a
pro you're gonna be like you mean like
Cristiano Ronaldo you are something else
dude I had to bring this gascan back to
mom mom's house and Carson's like I
gotta poo we're already late for soccer
dude you gotta prove some time better
than now big dog we say who is that you
know I'm wondering life
do any of you know how long the effects
soreness last after injections because
my arm is still so sore from that
injection I got it's really killing me
and I've tried to rub it in you know
what I mean like there's a definite not
there I've tried to rub it in and keep
moving it you know but it's super sore
all right boys let's get it
Crocky it's a scorcher trap practice
yeah hey where's your balls dude in your
water says you need your balls in your
waters is did this place packed today
pull look at all these people
how's it going out there how's it goin
it up you gotta get on it don't be
intimidated thank you
I know it kind of sucks they haven't
playing with the next level up so
there's two teams you're practicing
together the little kids and the big
kids together I think that's smart let
me teach you something you keep trying
whoa whoa whoa whoa
c'mere look you keep trying to kick like
this with your with your toe right kick
it with the side of your foot this watch
it's a little more effective when you're
trying to pass but when you need to
shoot no not the outside the inside like
this you can do this if you're trying it
if you're trying to get it away from
somebody like to go sideways yeah but if
you're trying to if you're trying to
pass it use the side of your foot works
a lot better okay it's the two boys
versus these two girls
yeah go Carson go score he did good I
like how you're giving all your effort
that was fantastic
now you Colin sitting there playing with
freaking daisies come on man I try not
to be too harsh on him but listen Colin
when you're out there just sitting on
the field not doing nothing and you're
not playing the game what's the point
you got to apply yourself man I know you
can do it you were doing great the other
day really you were come on I know you
can do better
yeah you can do better no you can do
better stop ladies singing out hi big
girl I did oh this is just a camera no
worries just to camera yeah see yeah I
did we know what she said earlier what
she's been saying her of you type things
but she said dad ah
all you said da oh sorry I don't mean to
scare you just super excited can you say
Dada Dada
boom it's a dead dad damn she's talking
lair man I missed this and that mumbling
I miss home
give your kiss mwah yeah you're too cute
guys I'm out here enjoying the beautiful
sunset and I want to tell you guys about
this app that I just found you guys
definitely do download it's free it's
called tag stir look this is the little
icon texture right and what's cool about
this app and why I love it so much is
because you can upload up to 10 minutes
long worth of 4k video it handles 4k and
I'm going to use this app to keep you
guys updated with all the legends
awesome stuff
so when we're out filming I'm going to
use like I probably won't be a 10-minute
clip but a long clip a nice little
teaser and 4k for you guys to see what
we're up to and I think it's super super
awesome and what I like about it too is
that I can use it uses hashtags which we
all know we use so I can hashtag LOA and
all you do is search hashtag Loa and
you'll see all the legends of awesome
stuff super cool totally free download
this app so you guys can follow me go
ahead and download it right now pause
the video download the app and follow me
it's at Gilroy blogs of course yeah you
guys I could totally get super fat you
know I could eat a whole can of that
cheese dip it's so good huh look these
guys are watching the little rascal it's
not the same it's it's the second one I
didn't know there was a number two nope
it's none of the same original
characters well then I don't even want
to watch it pointing I was gonna show
allies if she's Eliza's feeding she's
eating her bottle and when she's tired
and she's eating she lays with her arm
like this across her eyes ah don't
bother me I'm tired
hey baby oh she's definitely tired pink
yeah her bedtime I can't wait till the
day when she actually wants to go to
sleep at the right time every night and
she goes to sleep in her crib and she
sleeps all night long
mm-hmm
Collins read enough stories Sparta's
homework he's got a read he just read
four books in a week but he hasn't read
any books this week to read them all for
time mm yeah 8 2 and 2 2 and 2 yeah he's
good reader Tessa we're going to bed no
look when you're walking with it you
have to point it at you you know not
like this that's Tom made vlogging right
there okay you like that okay okay so
we're going to bed and have a new book
my new bunk bed and it is it is a bad
man just hard writers good night sleep
tight don't let the bedbugs bite
hey Collins I'm still young Collins tell
our letters good night sleep tight don't
let the bedbugs bed make a ladies don't
let the big bed books by I'm gonna do
some late night entity clearly the kids
are in bed
Eliza's asleep it's quiet time so yeah
but don't worry guys because this video
continues into tomorrow and and that
means that in the blink of an eye
I'll be coffee got a guy I love that
wine you know what that works for making
nighttime morning housework for other
things
to start small try this dude this is a
note from a girl inviting you to her
house both of you what you gotta be
kidding me
oh she's serious this is serious yeah
our house and we're gonna pick her up in
the middle going back to our house and
then you're gonna what hide you gather
you're gonna play what like Pokemon or
something oh come on okay you guys it's
Friday I want you to have a super
awesome day Carson get the gold stars
the gold stuff that means they send home
colors on a chart and that tells us how
good and we're at school gold is top red
is the worst you got blue yesterday's
lesson all right there's the bus get it
get it get it I love you have a great
day
what yep it's Brooke I love ya so look
when I come home and I pulled the Jeep
in the garage I noticed the bird still
up here you notice when I was trying to
clean the freezer out there was a bird
building a nest in my garage and it is
still there let me show you what's
inside and climb up here real quick
check it out we have a bird with eggs in
the garage uh Q right you would think so
but look at my garage door covered with
poo
and there's poo all over the ground
there's poo everywhere for Christ's sake
there's poo everywhere so my first
reaction is to consult Google what do I
do
how do I remove a bird's nest safely
doesn't hurt the birds future and
whatnots and I find this article this
article says though an inconveniently
located birds nests can be a nuisance
remember that birds are not pests but
part of wildlife I agree
while your initial impulse might be to
just get rid of the nest the federal
Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 makes
it illegal to destroy nests with birds
or eggs in them hmm
I think what we should do is consult the
ODNR the Ohio Department of Natural
Resources and see what they say about
taking the nest down or if maybe I have
to leave it it's another score jet Oh
Sara and Sunday rain alright guys so I'm
gonna set this camera down get started
for my day
later when the boys get home we're going
to definitely contact the Ohio
Department of Natural Resources and see
what they say about removing a bird's
nest with eggs in it even though I've
already found that article but we'll see
what we come up with all right guys
that's all I've got for you today
remember live life love each other and
be prosperous we'll see all of you right
back here tomorrow
