good morning everyone so today you guys
are gonna go on little adventures with
me
how would you guys like to see me
vlogging more yes no right now I am
going to get my hair done it's been a
long time since I've had anything nice
done with my hair so yeah this is the
before like
it's just it's dead I need I need an
uplift I made it and let me tell you I'm
so excited you see my before hair it's
not very healthy at all it's good you to
make up this before
and there you have it guys new color
nice dark dark chocolate brown nice help
cut Oh feels a hundred times better time
to do some cleaning and this and that
kind of stuff
and then this afternoon we're gonna do
I'm gonna get into some pellet projects
require some pallets and build system
hmm he's hiding he's hiding he's he's
staying inside and editing videos well I
am coming outside I'm gonna get this
porch straightened up a little more and
I'm gonna mow the grass let's see if I
can get the motor running I have to put
gasoline and got some gas
oh let's put some gasoline in this bad
boy
for most of you that are thinking twice
cheese inside filming or editing his
editing he's inside editing and rock is
gonna move well I actually like to mow
for one I'll be sweating by the end of
this which is good good work out good
nice way to sweat get some of this extra
baby weight off of me it's time to get
back in shape and get some shit done
around here
you
you
there you have it front yards done this
is a look that's better but we need to
retreat it with the weed killer and
grass seed ah look at that was a full
man aren't you supposed to be working
are you supposed to be working and
that's good blog buddy hmm feels good to
do physical workout for school activity
maybe knives has left the most of it
yeah hi mmm he's still working it really
gets me I got a perfectly good desk and
chair upstairs I'm sitting on floor in
front of this stupid thing
why what's holding you back the couch is
holding my back honey I'm just trying to
get all of the stuff that I need to get
done done before next week because the
chips about get Trillo uh-huh God and a
hug you are hot no no you're seriously
hot hmm oh I'm so sweaty you're awful
thing yeah a little dilemma with my
shoes is out there Mon Mon Mon by the
time I stopped as I mean my ankle really
hurts well have blister and these old
shoes that I have to repair it with a
spongebob band-aid and I'm only going to
put them back on long enough to go treat
the yard and then I'm switching back to
flip-flops
I get new clubs
you got new clothes what happened I
spilled chocolate milk all over my
people my peach shorts oh no and I got a
little bit on my shirt no no the dirty
clothes are in a bag and my book bag
yeah I get a call today when I was
getting my hair done the Carson spilled
milk all over my lunch but they had
spare clothes there and he was fine in
lots of clothes
yeah so he comes home in new clothes
there's your dirty clothes beside
something think about that Juden
brothers their home can you come into
this and oh oh my feet I didn't know
wear socks you didn't wear socks oh I
didn't you wear socks a jewelry foot box
no no we didn't wear socks because there
was no short socks oh you don't like
long stocks with shorts mm-hmm at six
years old he has a particular style he
has to wear so yeah I have come out and
blogged for you guys today
I'm trying to get more into vlogging for
you that way get you haven't washed your
hands don't touch your face until you
wash your hands please but yeah the
battery's flashing so I'm going to turn
this off for a while get the boys
homework done and all that and plug the
camera in and I'll get back with you
guys a little bit eh
so we're watching the amazing world of
gumball you can't even see you here mmm
I'm gonna eat a fruit fruit roll-ups
look at miss Eliza she's sitting up in
his bumbo chair huh she's getting so big
she's been so strong she's good for most
part sad when she's hungry or she's
really wet and sometimes she gets bored
all right carry on ladies I'm actually
coming out from my desk so I can go take
the boys soccer practice Veronica's
doing pala projects
we'll check on that later all right boys
let's go make sure you take your water
please because it's very warm very very
warm Carson come on dude let's go come
on come on I'll get you
yours good you did good today man five
goals deserves a high five like this a
trick - oh hi five gonna leave me
hanging
you can leave me hangin dude give me
good word oh yeah you did pretty good
kicking - we need to teach you guys to
use what what's the difference between
kicking with your toe like the lace side
of your shoe and then the actual side of
your shoe the inside oh my gosh these
little girls are throwing grass at cars
is the drug
where's their parents
that wasn't me Carson
and
hold on the window and you say hey
ladies just do this first cat called
some old broads on a binge we're just
getting back from soccer and I am so
curious as to what Veronica and Sonny
have completed on their pallet projects
and neighbor
you always wave of your neighbors by the
way always waving your neighbors I get
eight strings total so I tried seven
more around it and just left the
danglies and then you take one from each
and you tie it and just keep going
around all the way until you get to the
bottom and then you actually glued it on
the bottom side here like would you guys
get done this is this is what you did
this is where you're at three ballets
three pallets in two hours that's true
do you need more Harris get more hammers
oh the boys did something with it
falling did it yeah this is what we call
the end of the line are you going back
on the table
teller gladiators good night and thanks
so much for watching us today night
ladies thanks for watching us today at
soccer it sucker watching us see oh you
back here tomorrow
haha good morning guys I guess I passed
out last night on the couch until
through new morning huh yeah persons
having a debate right now tell me look
at Carson persons worried that people
are gonna laugh at him because of his
songs why
then no one's gonna lap you because you
wearing tall socks trust me
Carson because in other places tall
socks are king yeah so believe it or not
yesterday
Veronica was on something I don't know
what I think you guys all agree
Veronica killed it yesterday she took
over the camera so I could work and she
mowed the grass and pulled apart three
pallets for her pallet project idea and
I think it's super cool but it was
awesome because yesterday I got two and
a half videos done plus my vlog edited
and uploaded so that's cool you guys are
gonna get to see these food vlogs very
shortly
kids off to school I couldn't find my
camera the kids were sitting on it
let's go back home and provide our final
words running air smells so great so
great so I'm fixing to make a cup of
coffee and then take a shower start my
day edit the rest of these videos so I
can be free from all my work and begin
anew with more work alright guys it's
time to set this camera down all I got
for today is just be happy be positive
what you think about you bring about so
think positive and be positive and then
attract positivity I'm doing great with
it I'll tell you what alright guys
that's all I got for today thank you so
much for watching and I really can't
wait to see all of you right back here
tomorrow
