hey hey guys look me and Scott are
getting ready to go and film a quick tip
video for my channel you might do to of
manually because I got another one
that's really good but I don't have any
hair stuff you saw on the end of
yesterday's vlog I haven't really left
the house to go get new hair stuff but I
have this old spice Forge that i bought
a while back and tried and I can't
remember why I didn't like it but I
didn't like it some I'm gonna try
something new smeared and robust little
okay this little I just have a feeling
it's not strong enough this is fine like
sure
forge
good it doesn't it doesn't hold it up
like my other stuff does
actually looks like it has a little bit
of volume to it some volume volume
that's good turn volume lift bounce all
right we're all that so I got my bags
look at this here's the thing i love
this camera bag love it love it love it
but i have to have to because i have so
much gear and i always want to have it
all with me so i need to find a really
nice bag that can hold the cameras and
all the gear together in one bag and
stood in like I'm really the thing I
like about this one has got all the
pockets and stuff and they're all padded
you know for like lenses and whatnot
because I don't want my stuff to get
broken so I need a strong durable bag or
case it can carry everything I got in
one and it's still small enough to keep
you know to carry like on a plane
we're just two dudes out running errands
together we both gotta do bank stuff pay
bills blah blah blah we're gonna go do
some filming but hopefully we can get it
done before the kids get off the bus we
have about one hour to do that and
hopefully I can film these two things in
less than an hour no I'm pretty good but
I don't know if I'm that good you just
make yourself oh so guys we got to get
creative because we don't have a you
know an abundance of time I want to do
my videos but the kids are getting off
the bus so we're gonna shoot this one
right here at my house and this is just
a quick tip video I'll give you a hint
you need a microphone in the field you
already have one make sure you keep your
iron that's a good one Scott was like
wow that's a good idea he looked like a
natural dude look at him up there he's
got the swagger Scotty's got the swag
dude look at this building I need to
clean that you got a power washer dude
no that's awful all those little blue
dots focus peaking is is critical when
you really can't see especially on a
little LCD like that focus peaking
shines up these bright little lights
when on a subject when it's fully in
focus so even if you can't really see it
that well the focus peaking shows you
visually that what you need to be in
focus is in focus so I I'm crazy about
that crazy crazy crazy about that turned
out good for you too huh sweet is it
hanging out time is it just chill on the
couch time we gotta wait for Veronica to
get home with the baby cuz we're gonna
go I want them to go with us to dolls at
least while I'm filming I forgot
it's it's over there somewhere well I'm
filming the boys can probably walk
around with me and mommy and the baby
can relax in the shade have a nice
little outdoor picnic or something nice
it's just trees and stuff its nature
it's fun nice yes yes good boy finish up
that homework we got mommy and baby i
want to kiss it really mmm so cute don't
get we had to knock out homework we're
to knock out some dishes we had to knock
out some trash we had to knock out some
sweeping and we're gonna go to the
grocery store but after we got a dog
because I'm gonna we've got a lot of
stuff to do as a family unit you know
and we got to make sure we get it done
so now that we've gotten some stuff done
that we don't have to worry about now
that when we come home there you go so
let's go Colin oh we need to put this
back all this stuff is dolls albury nums
like a it's like a tree Haven sanctuary
it's all nature it's beautiful
perfect place is benari
I've taken plenty of people out here to
do photos and stuff this is a beautiful
spot to do you like wedding photography
engagement photos stuff like that
they've been doing a lot of work to it
so it looks even better now this trees
in blossom yeah it smells so good I want
to show you guys something we're gonna
we're gonna continue going on but I want
to show you what this looks like from
this higher vantage point it's so cool
wait for me boys wait for me I know
check it out guys can you see it well
maybe like this
needs to be higher but all the way back
says dolls and then where the road is it
splits and says arboretum in bushes it's
pretty cool hey lovers ladies you won't
go to the lake all right be careful
going down I don't want you to trip and
fall are you doing dressing in a robe or
something ron was crazy about this Moby
Wrap she believes in it I haven't
actually like I can't believe that they
created something like that so simple so
simple yet so genius this little thing
holds your baby you can see now I wanted
to come here especially at this time so
beautiful yeah
he's a monster you're so cute baby girl
yes you are just hanging out literally
she's just doing what he does best take
pictures singing pictures and doing his
filming thing it's blurry for them but
not for you that's incredible picture it
is a great picture you know why I like
it so much well I can see the rim of
light all the way around his face mm-hmm
can see that perfect line of light we
call that green light yeah well he's
doing his thing we are just the boys are
running around playing in the dirt mmm
throwing stuff in the pond and I'm just
walking around Liza look hey Ava's Moby
Wrap this is called Moby Wrap she just
hangs out and she actually fell asleep
and you tucked their head right in there
and nice pic the girl comes to showing
something what'd you find oh yeah what
is that what is it okay geez like tiny
tree port that's pretty cool calm and
fries what is it it's a bullfrog you see
see see you should come up you can't
zoom in that parking
can you get it from up here he's looking
at me mom is looking yummy funny oh
maybe one day we'll bring a picnic yeah
definitely now we're gonna man I wanted
some more time I wanted some more time
to float around here with my glide cam
and capture some super awesome slick
footage slick for the gem talking
slicker than snot on a doorknob oh good
boy beautiful sunset was short and sweet
it was actually about an hour but what a
nice place I love this place so they're
going to go get subway for dinner and I
have to go to the store and get
groceries for school lunches and
this is the daily normal this super
daily normal routine stuff right here
run through this place Johnny get
everything before subway closes Veronica
called me on the way she goes because
you need to go to subway because because
the baby is the baby is throwing a fit
gone crazy but look we're gonna get this
main under control guys I got the ax
messy look back in action 01 subway man
that subway was off the hook honey bad
news big bad news the only bread they
had was honey oh so that's what you got
this your leg up for the morning I'm
pretty stoked about it you guys I
remember having honeycomb when your kid
I love that cereal I don't know what
what was my all-time favorite between
honeycomb smacks and corn pops I mean
everyone loves corn pops i think the
bedtime the magic bedtime and tavern
good night sir hey I think we we didn't
really point out the fact that the boys
switched bunks they wanted to switch
that's why Carson's up top now I'm
calling something move that you and me
back you don't like it up here really
when everyone can see you when you say
goodnight goodnight Bubba love you
Bronk is actually like starting
something new I can't tell you what it
is yet until it happens but Broncos in
the process of starting something new
and it's exciting are you excited mm-hmm
I'm happy for you it's definitely quite
so we gotta be quiet so we gotta be Who
I am but don't you worry because for you
guys blink of an eye yeah this is cool I
like it and here we go boys are up I
need two short socks oh crap Ferris
about to die we might as well tell the
boys goodbye right now hey but hey I
want you guys to have a super awesome
fun super exciting day at school colin
has a field trip to the Historical
Museum today which is another reason why
you shouldn't take these to be
distracted you gotta learn all about
history right mm-hmm and all kinds of
cool stuff so I want you focus on that
and have fun learning about history and
whatnots deal okay okay and I'll keep
your card seen Carson you gotta focus on
a super awesome cool yellow star day I
try all right so I got a lot of work to
get done before next week rolls around
next week is gonna be epic and that's
all I'm gonna say just wait till we get
there but I gotta set the camera down
and get some work done for real though
remember guys be the change that you
want to see in the world I got that from
a friend
he probably got it from some runs but
nevertheless it's a powerful message all
right guys thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see you right
back here tomorrow
