what is happening guys welcome to the
vlog in case you're wondering he'll
definitely have a little bit of cold we
just left Church where we can go on a
lunch
Chuck you see please save you some
chicken additional project for you go
where's your book don't color your hands
tell a girl here color down color this
color color this will come here do you
see this for the first time in days we
see the Sun there's like hardly a cloud
in the sky and this is beautiful this
beautiful box big but it's only 50
degrees outside like we're we're in the
beginning of may still wearing coat I
ate it that's why I'm gonna cool Sun is
out the Sun this make you feel warm you
know makes me feel warm hot tar showers
hot cup coffee
this guy over here stole my kid oh we're
racing we're gonna write the hit and in
case you're wondering Carson is actually
he's her than I was at sprint heaven
last night so we don't have them this
morning but we're here given the one of
this warm term yeah it's lunch we're
having lunch
gran-gran look at her so beautiful
regatta for common ground I creamy
granny's hell we're just having the best
day ever so far that not the coolest
bike you've ever seen ever
hahaha
I said a helmet that's remove her stuff
out of her boyfriend's place what I'm a
good big brother
so we gotta help her out and I feel like
a good
philosophical conversation is in order
one thing I've always been really proud
of is the ability to give people advice
like I've always been the person that
people who know me can come to
talk to me about their problem
and I can help them like logically
irrationally figure out what's the right
thing to do so I didn't film any of it
because I hold my personal relationship
my wife - it's one of the most sacred
things that I hold dear to me as my my
marriage very proud of my marriage I
love my wife everything I am and when
you decide to split ways with your your
significant other even if you're not
married I have a kid together that's
super tough to deal with you guys do me
a favor guys do me a favor I want you to
leave me down below in the comments I
want you to leave me some insight some
advice that you would give to somebody
who's just broken up with someone that
they care about I think that would be
nice
so yeah chases all helping his family
take care of some things that they need
to take care of I'm just hanging out
here with the kid fresh Oh what do you
got hae-joo to get her here I'm able to
get it up in like one ponytail now lies
you remind me of Princess poppy yeah how
was your sleepover
it was great yeah what'd you guys do um
great um we're about to leave we rode
the go-kart outside you did mm-hmm
are you guys gonna go to Vacation Bible
School yeah
this year you want to go yep you wanna
go yeah um on Canton a couple weeks you
want to go to church camp
yeah no he's gonna fall you're like a
spider monkey yeah they see this beanbag
moving I do I do you good luck the
Burmese here's a rat's nest hair is red
so I was making up online how to
detangle Barbie's hair and there is a
recipe you take like oh it would never
talk no for your laundry what I'm gonna
hand with each side to detangle your
Barbie's hair it's just one part the
fabric softener in one part water
Barbie's hair and fully submerge it
until it's all soaked into this mixture
I don't mean
I have enough I'm a transformer can be
repaired how cute oh you gotta start
from down here and work your way up man
- shut up
maybe you have a daughter and she had
Barbies at one point didn't she did her
Barbie's hair ever become super tangled
yeah did you ever try this message to
detangle them not this message we just
put conditioner on strands and come get
out and conditioned moisture is comes it
out will munch it with oily just rinse
it off okay so conditioner probably
works - yeah once Elijah finally gave up
but look her hair is all straightened
she got a little bangs there and you can
just completely run the comb all the way
right through it no more tangled
barbiere yay she did kind of loose some
hair on me on the way out we thinned it
we send her hair give her new hairdo ah
fabric softener and water method for
detangling Barbie's hair work
Eliza look her hair is all detangled and
it smells good here it's still kind of
damp but yeah oh you want me hunt your
water baby is it her hair so pretty now
yeah
yeah my dad's getting his mo on look at
him
must be nice I'd like a ride a mutt
my arts not big enough to have a riding
mower zero-turn man I'd love to have a
deer turn but I just don't have a yard
to justify love that's not fresh-cut
grass though mmm doesn't get his way
that way they'll be cooked
are you serious yeah oh my god oh yeah
thank you hey what did you say you got
tickets for Nikita heavy fat how many
eight there's only you and Dad oh well
my mom's going to heavy Pat let me know
in the comments if you want to see me
and Veronica attend a hippie fest with
my mom dad will 90-second there will be
drum circles and lots and lots of
munchies on shore and their people made
it wears whatever yeah I really they
even have an area where you need your
own sideline here oh for sure okay so we
got we got the stuff moved out of the
trailer that way needed we're about to
convert the Jeep our family vehicle into
a man's work truck kind of I got a job
to do for Dad
and it's a power wash job so I got to
put the power washer and that that
where's the thing beside Oh
you take it right now
yeah dang that's it right there
y'all baby put it straight up
I do that one in no one okay I'll make
sure to have the camera roll when I pull
that bad boy out I will do my best not
to drop cool I forgot to show this to
you before I packed it in there so I'll
have to show it to you when I use it but
that thing is epic dude
epic alright so I'm ready for some
action today this is what we're dealing
with guys this is what we go do and the
ad boy comes strikes
oh that lens was dirty gritty oh are you
ready
Wow are you ready yeah how do you say
yay
say yay Wow okay so busy morning so far
got the kids off the bus I just drop the
lies off the babysitter and you know
last night you know I was there to help
my sister and and I really appreciate
prayers where she go through the
difficult you know
it really truly was an honor for me to
be able to do good to be the person to
give
good advice help guide her in the right
direction wanting to you guys to be kind
to everyone you meet because you never
know when somebody's going through
something that's just absolute work and
your kindness could be that part of
somebody's day that just makes them feel
like you know what I think everything is
going to be okay so so yeah right now I
am heading to my buddy's house go it's a
big day I just spilled my coffee okay
so yeah it's a big day something big is
going to happen today
and I won't be vlogging it however he
made see me pop up in somebody else's
video I'm sure you probably could guess
by now but it would be a pretty epic day
so yeah just look forward to that
probably has already happened but time
you're watching this but yeah that's
where we're going to leave you for today
guys I want to say thank you so much for
watching
it's really a little better see you
right back here next time
