hey everybody welcome listen I gotta be
honest if you've been watching my
snapchat from today you'll know that I
kind of forgot my battery when I left
this morning so what I'm gonna do now
and show you guys via my snapchat what I
was up to for the first half of today
while I'm getting the boys ready for
soccer how am I supposed to vlog with no
battery that's messed up
so this is my first doctor's appointment
for a long long time yes I hate needles
maybe this is chase super-nervous for
instance
three 583 thank you that why just to
make sure you so much look what they did
to me these freakin vampires they took
my blood they took it they took it for
me you did this
now that we're done the doctor's office
it's time to eat one of my favorites
every time I come to be w3s buffalo wild
range I always get the same sauce spicy
garlic today I decided to try out some
new ones would you guess what my
favorite sauce is yep it's spicy garlic
but I think your close second has to go
to Asian sing we got rain to help guys
oh that sucks
well you can see how the rest of this
day's gonna go it's gonna be soggy soggy
zone it's Monday of course we do some
homework if we if we get 100 maybe one
day lives we get 100% we practice her
game um maybe we could make a do like to
play games
No you got to do that with your chores
and stuff yeah
the gameplays with chores and stuff okay
look who just came home my baby so mad
what the matter love would you do that
you did this I said would you just look
at that
honestly didn't see the rain coming I
didn't know it's supposed to rain like
that today sucks man they got they got
like no no 20 minutes into their
practice and it started raining pouring
well they pecks her a little while and
then coach was like no we're not doing
this the baby's not happy at all it's
been two hours and she's resting some
Restless fighting crying doesn't want to
eat run I think she's teething already I
can't take that stuff I hate us so much
I hate to hear the baby cry like that
she cries she's been crying worse than
she's ever cried I'm failing can't even
imagine I'm failing so hard at logging
today you guys it's like the time has
went like you know the movies when you
see clocks just go round and round and
round round round I spent so much time
on the vlog editing the vlog today
because I wanted to be good like I want
my vlogs to be you know fun to watch
when when I film good stuff so I took my
time to edit and make sure that it
looked great
but I kind of lost out on other things
that doctor's appointment sucks
you saw you probably saw I got I got my
blood drawn and then I got a shot in my
arm
I don't like me right there I got a
drawing right there you see the bump
right there yep where did you get the
shot and my shoulder they're still
banding there lift my shirt up keep
going you guys are next you were just
lying
it was dark gladiators good night hey I
love you gladiators Oh person loves you
I know I know guilts morning and you
haven't really filmed anything yeah I
know yeah well we're still alive that's
the good part right I just didn't feel
it yesterday you know you've this you
know you have those days where you like
I don't feel like where you don't feel
like you're doing much veins II that was
Monday yesterday other than getting my
blog done let's go we gotta get ready
for school
come on I love you ah look I got some
response that's fantastic literally came
down I pulled out of the driveway and as
soon as I could see the end of the road
the bus was going by real slow like is
he coming
she's a nice lady my arm is so sore cuz
I was telling Veronica last night I can
liken it to getting soft in the arm as
hard as someone could suck you that's
what this feels like
that's awful why can't they make
injections or wondering what do you call
backs a nation's better on you for
crying out loud so the kids are at
school and I just need to clue you in on
the merchants and we have a freaking
serious emergency here look at this look
at this well how am I supposed to pull
off the Gil Hawk with the no hair
product this isn't gonna work no I do
have this stuff right here
the Dallas left when he was still with
us I thought this stuff was actually
kind of funny stuff is so thick and it
smells weird and even when you put it in
your hair and you it's so like Vaseline
I hate it I'm not gonna use it I can't
use it look see I got this name tag on
because I had to take the boys lunch
money to school they didn't have any
lunch money left on their account this
is crazy kids have accounts at school
now I think it's pretty well
it's a super well my buddy Scott's here
we're gonna work on some stuff I'm gonna
do a quick tip video for the how to
channel we're gonna start publishing
those this week and I hope you guys like
them I think they're gonna be really
cool and their quality is gonna be
incredible right yeah you saw that Scott
saw the quality on my computer of the
gh4 footage it's like mind blown so I'm
gonna set this camera down sorry so
short today guys and remember guys don't
wish it was easier wish you were better
that's all I got for you today thank you
so much for watching I can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
