Oh everyone say good morning to the
beautiful the one-of-a-kind
Eliza Kilroy let's hear it everybody
round of applause she's so cute
ya know so we're getting ready to take
the boys to a soccer game and Veronica's
mom just called and says Chase has to
come over and check out this new toy
that J got I won't explain it to you
let's just go check it out a beautiful
day for a soccer game wouldn't you say
lost we didn't have time to check out
J's cool new toy what did that when we
get back you boys ready to kick it on
the soccer field I'll tell you what guys
what a beautiful day to be out here on
the soccer field
look the sun is shining blue skies
minimal clouds hot nice and warm this is
the weather I've been waiting for no
notable plays on the boys good job guys
you guys they played good defense a good
I want to show you guys the next round
of soccer footage that we put in the
vlogs is gonna be them scoring goals and
being epping you so
my felines so this is it huh it's just a
torque yeah
no more weed evening you just torch your
fence line that way you don't think go
through line all today
definitely warm
I told him Smokey the Bear would be
really upset right you guys remember
Zeus
yeah there's duty look how big he's
gotten huge
Nana's taking good care where Zeus hide
their duty boy Oh buddy he's priced so
hot
all that all right you girls be good
okay you behave yourself a little one
what come here hands are dirty yeah my
hands are dirty disgusting
don't a woman's hands we're getting
dirty today PJ showed up what's up PJ I
miss you everybody I miss you me I know
man I work live far away PJ and I are
gonna head to Lowe's and get some we in
feed ween scene whatever the Scott stuff
is that you put on your lawn it's
potting soil and we're gonna take care
of this long that that's yucky that's it
this is what we really need weed and
feed because I have so many dandelions
in my yard
look this is truly what my yard looks
like and then we're gonna turn it into
that and look here it says appearing to
you so if it doesn't work
well it better work we're going all out
guys I want some hanging burns and shit
that's what I want some spiders
these are spider variegated spider
plants I think they'll look nice all
along the front porch and stuff now we
just need hooks I got chains we need
hooks we're doing this right PJ my very
first appearance on in between two ferns
right there this is really sad and I
hope no one seriously seriously injured
but this is why we look out for the
bikes on the road and I don't know if it
was the bikes fault or another car or
whatever but I hate to see that stuff
that's so sad man
we need stopping there guys we got to
get mulch for the flowerbed in front of
my house I don't know if I need six bags
look at this a big full one gonna eat
him no way too disgusting oh yes
all right grass is cut looking good this
is the part that we need a mulch that
looks like cabbage but this is the magic
that's gonna make my lawn looks so much
better hopefully get rid of the
dandelions and make the grass greener
and better and thicker and fuller hard
work means you gotta eat put fuel on
your tanks so we're doing the pizza
pizza and cookies and chips
that's the champion food look look at my
sunburn guys it's bad I'm gonna be
hurting tomorrow that's for sure
my front porch is looking so much better
got my ferns up there and my spiders I
love it I love it I want more I want to
plant some like shrubs right here and
right there the kind that you can like
shape and prune so you can build up kind
of like a green wall be nice for sitting
up here I think we did good this was
this is what the rest of our nights turn
into it's movie night I had to do a bit
of editing and took a shower because
outside really ratty today you probably
can't tell how burnt I am on burnt and
your friend too you can see bronchus
hairline is whiter you got burnt to him
Colin did you get sunburn today
yeah so we're just chilling out relaxing
and watching Paddington the boys wanted
to see Paddington the bear come on
sleepy boy let's go
I think the Sun took a lot of everyone
today come on
good morning good beautiful morning
everyone this right now these the days
that I love look at my coffee wake up in
the morning it's already such a
beautiful day
and today in particular we're gonna go
have some of the most fun I don't think
any of us have ever done any kind of
ziplining and it's gonna really be an
awesome experience so I'm up before
everyone else I'm gonna make a awesome
breakfast and we're gonna go have an
amazing time today so make sure you tune
in tomorrow so I'm gonna set this camera
down and enjoy my coffee remember do
something every day that scares you
you'll be thankful we'll see all you
guys right back here tomorrow
