alright guys I got my cameras my GoPros
let's go on a little many adventure see
that apartment complex right there
Summerford square I used to live there I
lived there for three four years the
tour we had both Colin and Carson was
born when we lived in those apartments
come a long way since then
I miss Lancaster Lancaster is a nice
nice little city it's kind of quiet but
still it's City someday we want to move
you know somewhere nicer I want to live
by the beach and Veronica does too but
where is the perfect spot where's the
best spot to live tell me where you guys
live by the beach what's the best beach
location way out this super windy road
of the valley
I said hockey valley before but valleys
zip line tours this place looks so cool
totally imagine the amount of fun that
people gonna have out here oh yeah right
gate I can tell this place is awesome
look they got all these little
high-rises way up here in the trees and
stuff and all these zip lines yeah just
look at this beautiful place Chris and I
were just talking about how awesome this
place is gonna be for a meet-up and how
capable we are putting together the most
awesome party yes we are yeah
unfortunately we don't have time today
to go up but we're gonna go out this
weekend
chris has negotiated for me Veronica and
the boys to come this weekend and show
you guys how awesome looks this place is
how awesome is it it was very awesome we
put a lot of hard work into this place
and we can't wait for you guys to all
come out and check it out dude
little-known fact Chris and I used to
work together at Papa boos that's true
yeah we were weekend warriors we really
were and and you know and now my son
a gladiator so I gotta say hi to Quincy
because he's not going to believe that
I'm standing here with Gilroy vlogging
about the zipline but no I'm pretty
pumped this Sunday we're gonna go there
me Veronica and the boys and try it out
we've never been ziplining before and I
want to show you guys what you could
look forward to for this Meetup and I
it's gonna be such a blast and to be
honest nervous because I've never done
that before but I'm just gonna step up
to the plate and swing it's gonna be so
much fun
I got home just in time for the kids to
get home and as soon as they go home we
are all heading over to my buddy Scott's
because he got a new toy and I can't
wait can't wait to see this because
we're gonna film with the tomorrow's fun
veronica has never been ziplining ever
are you nervous a little
be fun can't be any worse than
rappelling 130 foot it that's true
that's kind of true but you are he said
the one the one line get you going at
least 50 55 miles per hour across the
water over the valley there's some trees
yeah no we're going Scott it boys are
you pumped to go ziplining no Carson
don't be scared we'll be right there
with you and there's like kids courses
too so it'll be super fun I promise
yeah we can show you we can walk right
beside you and everything it's totally
fun okay
there it is gots new whip are you super
happy or what yeah that's like Christmas
it ain't no banshee but yeah Yamaha
Raptor what size is it 666 60 guess how
much you guess how much you stole this
thing for you tell 1500 bucks
what someday I'm gonna have a nice quad
we're gonna rip ass all right I got my
blog going it's been kind of hectic
driving around and doing stuff today so
I'm in Scott are going to kill some time
mushroom hunting have you guys ever
hunted for morei mushrooms they're more
a mushrooms right morale morel mushrooms
out in the woods it's gonna be cool I've
never done this before you can teach me
all the all the ways I will try what
says the woodsman tries to capture the
infamous morel mushroom oh and he throws
his spirit oh he misses he feels
complete and utter failure dude I just
thought of something I just thought of
something this is another catchphrase
it's like looking for a mushroom in a
forest or it's like looking for a needle
in a haystack
same thing it's like looking for a
mushroom in the forest right I'm so
happy to see it nice and green the earth
is being reborn look at this plant
it's like looks like a caterpillar no
joke this whole plant looks like a
caterpillar this plant looks straight
out of dr. Seuss or something man this
is a mushroom but not over looking for
then we searched this whole from there
to there and probably quarter-mile back
no no mushroom scouting I wish we'd have
found something that I'd feel really
accomplished by my first mushroom we
just got home Karson be careful
the boys are cranky and sleepy let's go
to bed buddy they've had a long day they
played so hard outside man all right try
again
oh yeah good morning Martha we're doing
so we didn't really feel much after we
got done mushroom hunting last night
yeah I decided I want to take the rest
of the night off I can do that right
why is your room ding yeah we tried much
Valentin but don't worry did miss
anything because we didn't find nothing
we didn't find nothing like that say
goodbye to your lovely mother give her
hugs and kisses you know she loves that
I need more coffee you got a make today
the most awesome
school day of the week
start yep you have to young superstar
I'll try and I want you guys to get
super pumped about Sunday because we are
gonna have a complete and total blast
snacks yeah we'll take like a picnic or
whatever it's awesome it's gonna be
awesome
and I'm gonna do my best to make a
pretty sweet video showcasing how cool
this place see you later love you one
more time all right guys that's gonna do
it for me today I'm about to take a
shower and get my day started today's
gonna be fun we're gonna film the review
of the solo shot too but first I need to
get familiar with it and figure out how
to use it and all that stuff so I'm
gonna go ahead and bid you a fond
farewell only until tomorrow though so
it's time for me to set this camera down
listen be the best person you can be
today that's all I ask of you see all of
you right back here
