get everything packed except for my
coffee so I'm going to film with my good
buddy it's been a while I can't wait
going to film review for my how to
channel it's gonna be fun let's go for a
drive
mmm-hmm didn't get much of my coffee
today so I gotta grab some Red Bull and
this is my favorite kind the blueberry I
know it's probably gonna give me a heart
attack but I don't worry about that I'm
invincible look at the sunshine it's the
most beautiful day the perfect day to
come down old cincy boy that's up dude
what up hey look at this missed you we
got to cut this because the ham yeah cut
it up put it in the trash Dennis came up
with a really clever idea using a prop
which I'm not gonna show you because I
want you guys to go see the video that
we're gonna make today it's a quick nice
little funny video I'm not gonna show
them the prop I want I want them to go
see the videos it's not appropriate for
your channel maybe I think maybe that
might be it yeah well they could go see
the problem yeah Dennis Dennis uploaded
a video today he showed me before it
went live hilarious hilarious and then
he was like wait we should take this and
do something else with it
yeah yeah it's gonna be like kind of
have like no we're gonna do a review
what is the name of that thing that you
have oh it's call Oh shop sky forget
that
he's got this thing that and you know me
I love I love camera gear anything you
can use for filming he's got this thing
that follows you like you wear a GPS
wristband and this thing you set on your
tripod and you put your camera on top of
it and it follows your motion so it's
incredible if the camera has the band on
your arm yeah it'll follow the camera
wherever it goes they can go I think
yeah so Dennis takes off running do it
do it take out right and the camera will
just automatically follow and it keeps
it like Center I'll just show you guys
in the review it's it's a pretty
incredible piece of equipment that I
want to get I'm gonna give you a little
teaser but you're not gonna be able to
see it fully check this out hi my name
is Harry Balzac nice to meet you I
cannot believe I just can't believe it I
can't believe it this video is gonna be
so funny but before we get to filming
we're gonna have to make sure that this
back glass is perfectly clear so we have
a good visual you know what I mean we
don't want dirt on the window missed a
spot
this is like the good old days dude
riding around in the back of the prank
tank bring take Tom may have just bought
a van named it the prank tank dude yeah
dude I can't wait to ride around in that
thing with you our prank collabs ends
that's gonna be so much fun so so we're
going around all these car dealerships
and messing with them with our prop
which I still don't think I have showed
you yet because it's a little to tell
them under scary dennis is Dennis's
character today is Peter Potter
testicles or harrybo Jack for Dennis I
want you to hit a grand slam Grand Slam
bring them home you got the name you got
the references the innuendo the
scratching you need to do a dance okay
yes yeah I want to see you jiggle that
tie bro I want to see them jiggling all
right dude this is too much
okay we're done there we go here we go
they're gonna be honest I didn't think
that we could be friends but now that
you took that tie off hi I think we're
all right I took that mold off my
grandpa's nutsack my buddy's guys from
silicone nuts company like silicone nuts
calm or whatever dude
didn't you say they sent cents them to
you no they didn't
I got my own dude I love the little
camera rig you set up with the sock and
the zip Todd look at that yeah
this is a this is oh shoot this is my
little windscreen right here
well cuz just a zip tie a piece of sock
we use the safety kind of that I'll tell
you those three was on blinkin ante
the Sennheiser microphones are super
sensitive anyways I definitely recommend
the r√∏de lavalier microphone it's
really clean it's got a nice audio ring
oh wait I got my windscreen so you keep
that you can put that on the shelf I
like it it was a good MacGyver move yeah
Jesus while we have you around man
that's what's the best part about
working with your team is that you don't
have to think like whatever job is they
every we've been working together for so
long it just works it was a good break
dude I had to take a break from the baby
time and come out and do some actual
stuff I know we gotta mow two down we're
gonna do we're gonna do a review oh yeah
let's go do this to the review it's
gonna really oh yeah you remember the
last time we did B dubs they did the
challenge that wasn't the last time but
one of them one of the times ya knew
that was bad blazing channel are you
there call me a sissy but that blazin
challenge burnt my skin right around my
lips they don't we go back there and we
demanded the picture yeah they showed us
too yeah alright guys this is the deal
check out this cool device this thing's
called the solo shot and from what
Dennis has told me and the reviews that
I've watched on it basically this guy is
a is a tracking system that you can use
for your cameras so this bottom part
mounts to your tripod you put the GPS
thing you put your camera on the top and
you wear this GPS puck I guess and this
thing follows you so like if you're
doing any kind of sports leg say for
instance surfing you can strap this
thing on your arm grab your board go out
in the waves and put this guy on the
shore
oh it's waterproof these are the type of
gadgets that I absolutely love and I'm
excited to do a review about because
this is such a cool thing you don't have
to have anybody hold the camera for you
this thing does it for you so we're
gonna go shoot you're gonna have to get
an extra large for people like me to
have big guns
do they have extra
dang Dennis look Dennis brought the
skills to pay the bills oh my gosh whoa
holy cow bro
he's so accurate with that alright so
here's the deal
Dennis got all suited up and we're ready
to shoot this review but the bottom of
the solo shot has a 3/8 inch tripod
mount right
and my mounting plate has a standard
quarter inch round so we don't have the
tools to put it on tripod which really
sucks
well it doesn't suck because you're
supposed to do it in a much better way
are you sure wasn't where everything can
you Captain America a hockey stick
honestly I think Dennis you're gonna
have to teach me how to
she's got ice skate they say never nice
I've never been ice skating either Denis
is good he's a sleeper man he's such a G
at this stuff like he's sitting there
from 20 yards away slapping this ball
onto the back of the truck hockey ball
wearing that onesie I kind of got to get
me a onesie now so the solo shot didn't
work out but that's okay because we're
gonna set it up for another day and
we'll make it even more fun play with
that there's so much fun we'll see
Dennis Roady soon enough I'll see in a
few days yeah
bars don't run on dreams people gotta
get gas I'll tell you what every time I
come down in a film with Dennis I always
leave with such a positive experience
it's always such a blast and I'll tell
you what I haven't laughed as much as I
did today for a while it was really
funny someone get some gas let's go home
people I missed this lady and mr. Slade
so guys listen I got home it's kind of
late we found ourselves a quiet time but
don't you worry because in the blink of
an eye I make it morning just like that
and maybe Eliza's up with us sweetheart
it's time to get everyone ready for
school
Thursday today's gonna be a very fun day
know why because we are going down you
and me to Hocking Valley zip line tours
we're gonna check it out we're gonna
scope out this place and make sure that
it's the proper destination for us to do
a really cool meetup this summer I think
you guys are gonna really like it and
it's gonna be a blast if you show up
because just imagine ziplining through
the trees in the hills of Hawking Valley
you've never had a better time I promise
you that every month I try and make sure
that my computer's backed up so that I
don't lose anything and I got quite a
bit of stuff on here so I need to get it
back to up so while that's happening I'm
gonna go ahead and get myself ready for
the day get my shower freshen myself
yeah that's what I'm doing so it's time
can you set this camera down and
remember just always be as awesome as
you can be that's all I got for you
today thank you guys so much for
watching we'll catch you right back here
