I'm out of the house and headed to the
grocery because the boys have soccer
tonight they have a game and they're in
charge of snacks so like every soccer
game a certain set of parents are
responsible for getting snacks for the
whole team and that's us for today so I
gotta find something cool something
awesome to bring all the kids for snack
I think this will be cool roll two M&Ms
and we got like juice boxes and stuff I
think that'll be great
crackers for the kids you don't like
sweet sweets for the kids who don't like
crackers it's a win-win for everybody
mmm look what mommy made oh that's a
cheddar bacon chicken boys are you ready
for your game yeah are you ready
yellow team yeah let's make these up I
got you I got you guys stuff to make
snacks for the whole team you want to
help me make them packs okay Carson can
put in the M&M packs yes okay let's do
it
will doesn't is nine will make nine and
we'll bring extras just in case you
never know all right you guys are good
helpers hey are you guys gonna pull out
the tricks that I taught you yesterday
yeah yeah
aggressive be aggressive hmm not much
left of that one I was good honey honey
you made an amazing cheddar bacon
chicken dinner
yeah oh yeah boys you got her ebony okay
so we can get you ready for soccer you
eat that all gone dude you rock
yeah look at your sister look how cute
she is we should get her like a
cheerleading outfit so she can cheer you
guys and look at the bottom get again
sweet what I can't see it sweetheart
sweetheart
mmm this is what can make a man proud
right here well these little guys yeah
all right guys let's kill it I'm Nydia
you forgot your balls again you don't
bring your ball hold you grab your balls
and get in the Jeep
well they did grab their balls and get
in the Jeep but they didn't grab the
right ones ha ha ha hey listen you guys
are gonna you guys I want to see you
really try and execute what we practiced
yesterday okay big which is what what
did we practice history passing and what
the Ali unit and you didn't get in the
ball yeah you gotta try and get the ball
and pass it to your teammate so you can
score it's the old fake out will you do
it yeah say I believe I be I think this
is the best-looking soccer day we've had
so far and it's actually kind of warm
but when the Sun Goes Down not gonna be
very long drop out they're gone yeah
dude you guys were killing it on that
drill there's the same drill that we
were practicing on yesterday and they
both did make a pass
yes get it go get it get it Josie Carson
you can't go on the field going it's
going it's going
no gold dude good job you really came
alive there at that last minute yes
that's my boy Donna my boy
all right hand out yours next good job
buddy
ah good job buddy you didn't break a rib
did you no okay
hand out snacks help your brother hey
guys good job yeah you guys did good all
in Carson you guys did great even though
it wasn't World Cup Series football
style soccer playing we don't expect
that these kids are out here just to
have fun and learn a little bit you guys
did I mean
I'm proud of you and before we leave the
park and we're only driving 15 miles an
hour guys the Muncie boto
who wants to go to Haines let's get you
guys a milkshake or some some sweet look
at Eliza once a nice name yeah you want
some ice cream so nosy
you're begging for it aren't you honey
yeah he's looking at everyone like
please please drop some ice cream for me
see that's where you need manual
exposure and really you can really like
the front of her and still get some
player yeah I mean lens glare actually
assistant player the end of a beautiful
day guys the rest of this week is
actually supposed to be very nice warmth
over this cold crap me too me too oh
great alright cuz the cold really the
cold sucks for any kind of filming or
anything like that so now that it's
starting to get nice out it's a really
time to put the hammer down on
especially legends Boston project I
opened the back door to get the kids out
of the back and I like what's that smell
and oh it's definitely her hmm
look this right here is the good when
you smell something that bad and you see
something like that you know what's
about to happen dude that thing is a bet
oh that's an atomic bomb that's naca
sake I'm here bro Chima all put together
in that diaper right now tell me guess
we go Liza
sorry everyone's talking bad about you
before that's uncalled for but this is
that thing is what did you brush your
teeth Lynn Cheney
Tring to paste look that's not for you
it's apple and banana flavored yeah but
you're like a table you don't need
training toothpastes your big boy you're
ready for the real stuff you know Mindy
yeah you don't need that trained
toothpaste let's spread love let's
spread the love
why don't we all just spread some love
today let's not spread hate because hate
will bring you down and destroy you okay
Colin I love you I love you dude right
what I love you more than there are
waves in the ocean it's pretty good
that's a lot all right water like water
listen
hey listen I'm proud of you guys today
you did much better with soccer and I
think our practice works which means
we're gonna have to do it more you're
ready to practice with me more you guys
did good passing yeah well they were
against the red team when we won yep
four to nothing
haha love you good night sleep tight
little one anyone tell her gladiators
goodnight right mm-hmm
Nicole I love you like my years it's
good morning guys we're up or at it we
are getting the kids ready for school
obviously and I'm about to go to work
yeah I'm pretty excited I'm gonna go to
work it's gonna be a fantastic day can't
wait till you guys see what I'm up to
um yeah so it's time for me to set this
camera down
remember karma what goes around comes
right back around yeah so thank you guys
so much for watching I can't wait to see
all of you right back here tomorrow
tomorrow
