like this I like this check this out you
guys this is the start of my idea for
the banner for the legends of awesome
these are just filler images I'm
actually used when I i haven't actually
found the images that i'm using yet but
that's what i got so far and i'm gonna
also make it into a t-shirt which on
that note I've been working today on
redesigning the actual the actual store
I'll show you that check it out it looks
a little different I'm gonna move to
more of this kind of like product image
instead of a model I mean instead of me
I mean seriously every screen in front
of me has some kind of work on it if you
guys haven't got a shirt yet make sure
you get a shirt and if you want to wait
for a legends of awesome those should be
up maybe hoping later this week I'm
actually working up I've been so busy
today I can't even tell you where I
can't even begin to describe it but the
boys are almost home for the school so
we need to go down and catch them from
the bus the boys are on their way out I
just saw him walking
I got me a whistle right I'm gonna take
him outside so if they don't really have
soccer today I'm gonna take them outside
and we're gonna practice soccer we're
gonna practice dribbling hey sup boys
how's school
yeah how was your field trip awesome
what did you do on ice you skated on ice
yeah maybe maybe after dinner we can do
some gaming it's Monday we can't do
gaming maybe maybe maybe listen here's
what I thought I thought since you guys
don't have practice tonight we could
practice outside with
my balls just you guys and me what are
you saying you wouldn't do it let's do
it
Carson will you do it yes yes we're
gonna take these cones and set these
cones up okay you guys we're gonna
dribble to them we're gonna run and kick
the ball we're gonna practice moving
down the field with the ball don't fall
this is our starting point okay we'll
come down here we'll come down here
here's one and here's another one all
right here's what we're gonna do well
we're gonna we're gonna come down and
back you're gonna dribble around the
cone and then come back I'll show you
what we're gonna do you guys gonna come
down you like this
that's as you can't dribbling the ball
got it yep okay set go come on Colin
kick it nice Carson good job good job
that was a good kick did get oh good job
Carson Collins goalie get it going
Oh
I don't know thing over there get it
Carson
kick it in oh I went in bounds boys you
guys did good I'm proud of their effort
practicing it drill I hope it's not too
windy stinking weather man good job
it takes the extra effort to practice on
your day off
Oh pooping but finally time for the
hermit crabs I wish you had a better
tank this one's kind of old it's got a
lot of hard water stains on but it
cleaned it up as best we could
we're gonna fill it with some sand that
Veronica's been bringing back from the
beach for a couple years now and some
shells and then we got an old hermit
crab cage that has like wire mesh all
the way around maybe we can cut that up
for something for them to climb some of
these rocks into there you want the
rocks in there hey really what kind is
this it's all i order bang Saen yeah
yeah all right gentlemen pour your sand
oh yeah be careful that's almost like
wet sand it feels like the bottles are
desire but these these crabs are gonna
love this man it's gonna be like home
you know what I mean this is gonna be
like the beach yeah it don't have to be
perfectly level and stuff like that cuz
they might actually try and burrow down
into it a little bit vote welcome to
your new home much bigger this is like
getting this is like moving from an
apartment to a mansion
this guy's fearless you don't usually
comes out if you hold him straight like
this oh yeah get down in there bud whoa
who's got me sandy does anyone know if
the hermit crabs need to have salt water
or fresh waters okay that's what I need
to know ever since the boys got these
crabs they'd been separated but now
they're together and it's weird to see
how they're reacting to it oh this one
he would he'll hardly ever come out of
his shell but now he's coming out
because he wants to play with the Soviet
crab it's kind of cool the one in the
guitar is Gaddy and the one in the
penguin ISM crabbie crabbie
it's even gonna close up see if the
camera will focus on my mommy we just
got the cage all set up well partially
set up he's pretty happy all right
mommy's got the shells
okay okay it's okay to change it out
well what do you think he's cool he's
got his wire set up he's already
climbing on awesome all right climb up
in bed nope hardest part of the mornings
is getting these kids up and ready for
school
especially when you wake up half an hour
before the bus is supposed to get here
but you know what that's when you know
your parenting hand is so strong that
magic cup of coffee the first cup of
coffee of the day
yeah as we gotta go we gotta go not down
here
don't leave me premature
I like my gladiators we love you we just
love you so much yeah
there's your bus I love you too be good
be good the updates the updates so we
got the kids off to school
today's looking like it will be a
beautiful day I want to mention to you
guys that I'm working with a buddy I
think last summer I tried well I
mentioned doing a meet up at a place
kind of close to here called hockey
valley zip line tours which i think is
gonna be boss super fun experience and I
have scheduled a meeting to go talk with
my buddy
later in this week so in the middle of
summer I'm gonna say maybe somewhere
around August or July we're gonna plan
on doing a super-fun meet-up where you
guys get to come hang out and we do sip
lining it's gonna be such a cool awesome
experience and hopefully I can make it
little to no cost to you all you gotta
do is get here so I think that'll be fun
now I need to spend the rest of my
morning finishing up the store because
as I mentioned at the beginning of this
video I've I've been working on some
changes and I want to make sure that
those are done by the time you guys see
this so by the time you see this video
make sure you go check out the new
updated freshly designed gladiator stuff
calm all right guys I'm gonna set you
back down where we started today
remember let the sleeping dogs lie
because when you wake them up you may
not like their bite that's all I got for
you today thank you so much for watching
we'll see you right back here
