oh yeah our rise so I'm finishing up the
vlog from yesterday the last I always do
that the intro and the endcard last and
I'll be blurring all that kind of stuff
but I gotta hurry because it's 2 o'clock
already and I gotta be at this birthday
party by 4:00 but I still have to go to
the store and get my nephew a little
present for his birthday so I got
everything done luckily for me Nana
Veronica's mom was able to watch the
baby for me for a little bit so I can
get both the help that I was giving my
buddy on an edit and my vlog so while
it's exporting I came to a little thrift
shop to get my nephew just a little gift
for his birthday gotta bring him
something you know can't bring up
sometimes I'm getting a little Elmo
plane with Elmo cuz Elmo is the theme of
his party I guess and some Mega Bloks
just big enough so he can't swallow him
but still fun enough to build stuff I
think that's a good gift yes look at
that
3:09 just enough time to get the baby
and head to the birthday party see you
can get stuff done if you put your mind
to it
I cut hurry though
was she good yeah look at that beautiful
sky that's not real that is not real
I'll tell you what it's definitely a
beautiful day perfect day to celebrate a
birthday party no doubt there's our
proud mama aren't you so proud your
little boy
hey after happy birthday dude look I got
you a big giant gift it's twice the size
you are well at least you could break
fit in it oh yeah but we're taking my
dad's truck oh I'm taking my dad's truck
apparently he ordered some ladder rack
and they delivered it to the wrong
address
he's on north they delivered it to South
so we're gonna go down and get it drive
this big old Tundra jamming this our guy
all right I hope these people don't
think we're just stealing from
their proper some a me oh hey buddy you
crush them go down there it's hot it's
hot down there tell everyone how you're
doing it really hurts I won't press but
it really hurts it's doing better then
thank you for all I was gonna say that I
hope all the gladiators well wishes it
was it was pretty cool huh yeah yes
that's cool we do have the greatest the
greatest fans I'm kinda surprised they
even still ask every once in a while so
yeah we should set you up with a we
should set you up with like a Twitter or
something hold the party lies the ones
to eat anyone baba deer-in-headlights
mommy and the boys are coming yeah
Veronica and the boys are on their way
it's gonna take him forever to get here
because the place they went to is an
hour and a half away blows my mind they
they would go that far away a shop but
girls do crazy things don't they don't
they well I got like four diapers and no
wipes your mom took the wipes out of the
diaper bag and I didn't put any more
diapers in this so just if you can just
swing by the house if not it's alright
no big deal yeah yeah she does look at
all our family here we got all this
family I love it I love all these guys
mom I know you didn't cook it but this
dinner looks fantabulous
look that's bratwurst right there and
then I made a baby spinach salad with
feta cheese and cranberries hey put that
anywhere this is the best part of a
one-year-old birthday party ooh this
little cake he's gonna sit in this high
chair and match that cake like Hulk
answer I can't wait to see this
oh yeah yeah yeah did your face in there
this is after about 150 photos serious
that good look who showed up
did you have fun missed you
where's mommy okay
I missed you well you're gonna missed
you what'd you do while you're gone I
went to Lodi and and what did you do at
Lodi shopping yeah did you get me
anything
oh we got we got some for the whole
family - did you get me something yeah
really
that's some stuff oh that's alright
grandma did you do that she peed on the
floor
I'm just getting cheated I'm just
kidding look I want to show you guys an
old picture of me it's kind of dusty but
look here look here that's old Gilroy
let's go focus
that's Gilroy when I was like 12 13
years problem lady
who does that look just like mmm what
are your boys Colin Carson cars and I
think but I don't think so how's my own
is that you yep old cheesy face don't
turn the light off
that'll help let me put a light on this
look a Bart Simpson shirt man I'm a dog
look at that there's another one the
memory lane right here I compared the
activity in this house
for the party to the movie home alone
where everyone is all like everyone's
all crazy especially the part when
they're trying to leave for the airport
where everyone's like crazy running
around that's what this place oh all
right it's time for us to go mom it was
a lovely party
you're a wonderful hostess I'm sorry
your arm hurts yeah she can't last too
long doing daily anything without
forearm
we need to get her a new one a bionic
arm Ethan who's Ethan today with the dog
oh he hopefully the dog found his mom
hey Ethan my mom said I need to tell you
that I hope you found your dog we could
be found you know oh the dog that's
gonna be Ethan very good man to help the
dog find its home you always want to
check the tag for a phone number if it
doesn't have it what up CJ Dan so the
unfortunate part of my reality today is
that it is Sunday and on Sunday we take
the trash to the road because that's
when that's when we do it and if at all
I'm gonna clean out that dirty thing
it should be tonight I'm probably puke
you're good enough
you gotta break out the tools
that's the devil's work right there mm
yeah I mean Dallas Dallas is the one who
unplugged that freezer and Dallas should
be the one who comes and cleans it the
rest the way out it's too frozen I can't
get the rest of it smell good on you
yeah so after the deep freezer incident
last night I think I fell into a coma
the gases got to my brain affected my
cerebral cortex and put me into a train
niggle um febrile eeeh
yeah that's what happened feeling on
this Monday good good Cowen's good
because he's going on a field trip yeah
we're gonna go ice skating next month
I'm gonna go to the historic museum oh
yeah and learn all about history miss
Kirsten
he's got the Mondays a case of the
Mondays that's alright man
you're gonna kill it you're gonna kill
it today give him some skin brother yeah
make sure you guys are on your best
behavior Carson get me a gold star today
oh you got a do it gold star
I love ya be good have fun gotta love
Mondays I'm gonna get this vlog up for
you early today so you have something
early to watch while you get ready for
school work whatever so you can see us
which i think is wonderful I'm gonna do
that for you
guess it's time to put this camera down
listen guys thank you so much for
watching and remember live life today
like you wanted to yesterday we'll see
all of you right back here tomorrow
