good breakfast burritos
oh yeah watch yeah mrs. Gilroy that
looks like heaven enough in a tortilla
shell all right boys you ready are you
ready top what you don't need gum before
soccer you need scissors to open it
either oh did you get it you want that
one do you want one it's right there
I mean unfortunately I'm sorry mommy's
gonna stay here with the baby we're
gonna go rock the soccer field yeah
let's go love you well film it okay yes
mm-hmm so you can watch everything all
right boys here we are here we are are
you pumped to play soccer today
your hats and gloves you don't need a
thing loves it'll be fine it is quite
chilly today it's only 49 degrees says
the thermometer I used to love playing
soccer when I was a kid I was a midfield
genius
meesa Ronghua used to run cross-country
I used to play baseball I used to do all
these sports that's why we want the kids
to get into it because it's not only fun
but it teaches them a little bit uh you
know athleticism and responsibility
yourselves out too fast I just got the
gold post set up
let's go :
good job guys yellow yellow wins
we got lucky boys your game finished
right before it starts raining that's
good timing that's good timing how's
your snacks yeah I'm proud of you guys
as you probably saw they do a lot of
dancing around and jumping around and
not paying attention to the ball which
is something that we need to work on but
they're getting hang on
the most important part is that you guys
are having fun right mommy what she's
got a nasty rash on her neck
really yeah we're deep deep in the folds
of her neck and her and her baby rolls
she needs a bath what's that matter
sweetheart
Oh sweetheart
just foam where it doesn't get a lot of
air cuz she's got so much you know mm
baby baby mass right there and her neck
hey at least you don't have one of these
you know to me
getting closer on that guys it's
bathtime
Rosa back oh no no the boys well I don't
know I can't really remember but they
always give us hard times when a bad
time for me anyway
Eliza loves it huh baby girl
hurts it smiley MMH end
then it's rarity hitting up the Gil for
some tech advice what are you up to I'm
gonna help Dennis get his Elgato and
everything set up and well maybe we'll
uh maybe we'll hop on your twitch stream
and check it out I know but I'm not that
rich dude I go Steven my xbox I don't
know I think they're about the same
price why can't I got one again I just
go buy time I love it I love it
trying it up I'll be back I love you
I'll be back
come on
Veronica's doing some cleaning I have to
go to Lowe's because that table
downstairs I shot videos yesterday
yesterday when I shot videos downstairs
I realized that the surface on my table
is kind of bumpy and me being a
perfectionist I don't want to publish
the video with my table looking like
crap so first I'll have to reshoot it
and second of all we need to fix my
table surface we got going on here
trouble at the gold place that's what
happens when you sell bad gold nothing
helps you feel better on a rainy day
than getting your hair cut you know what
I mean when go up here and get my hair
cut
five will do the trick I need a bunch of
this stuff because last time we only had
one tube and we had to make it stretch
so we're gonna coat the top of this
table with whole bunch of this liquid
nail stuff we're gonna see no more
bubbles that's for sure
James push push button right now you can
push whatever you want me and Seth are
playing online with James and mullet
they're in England right now James
what's your locale where are you at
Somerset England he's five hours ahead
of us right now so he's playing games
and I ruin your life right now I think I
doesn't mean I don't like you okay
all right so mullet and James across the
pond are playing Mortal Kombat X with me
right now Seth you're up next yeah we
just had a practice round
I beat mullet with scorpion it was a
fluke I don't ever I don't ever win I
was we're gonna see what happens I have
not been training for a whole week
in case you can't
and he got me Oh what are you flying
around someone frozen Oh
how did you give a thing already dude
that's messed up how did you get super
already you didn't even hit me yet dang
it I'm gonna grab ah that's so cheap
that was so cheap the skype video is so
glitchy right now
dang it James is kicking my butt with
the guy the Indian guy I did I've let
hole punched him I put him in the butt
hole ever
December of some kind of freezing move
here you oh come on come on
Oh Tarzan swinging with the fun oh come
on oh come on
whoa what happened
we're freezing oh that's messed up
come on finish me the arrows through the
eyeballs didn't finish you know that's
just like a special move seven seconds
come on come on
seven seconds I'm trying to get to it ah
Cassie cage wins what all right now I
vote for every way and how do you build
special so fast you aren't doing
anything look you're getting killed and
you have the special built up how is
that how is that work
yeah you lost it
how about that and how about that yes
give me that Superboy I'm gonna get you
yes yes get him oh yes poor thing
oh that's gonna hurt good dang I pop
your boobies out here we go oh you kick
me in the face
Oh stand still you are nothing oh my god
dude she cannot do anything can be back
forth oh yeah
Oh No what you even who I try it out she
doesn't she's got it she goes she's
she's protected in the who
loaded me Jumbo's master good thing we
didn't make that bet man well that was
fun that was fun dude hey you guys if
you if you couldn't hear James I
apologize it's got an incredible English
accent that you you missed out on if you
couldn't hear Jane we'll get better at
this recording stuff games you you did
amazing fantastic good job oh chat if
you guys love to see some more James
check him out Barbra 360 on YouTube
that's all the gameplay we got for you
today James did you have fun I feel bad
I'm sorry
she loves to come spoil the baby mmm
yeah what in this contraption she
brought us look at that what is it guess
guess what it is
watch well where's the thing oh it's on
here
it's a baby bottle stirrer coming we've
got some work to do wait I planned on
coming home and doing this after I went
to Lowe's but James and his friend
mullet wanted to hop on and play some
games for me so I had I had to please
you know I had to please the audience
plus it was a lot of fun right yeah hey
Oh a teacher by something anyone know
what that's called right here one that
is a meat mallet oh you know that I do
know meat mallet so we're gonna take and
peel off this I don't know if you can
tell maybe you can from here but you see
all the bubbles we didn't have enough
glue when we laid this down the first
time so now we have to peel it off sand
all the glue off and put a new glue down
a full layer of it so we don't get any
of these bubbles we didn't have a
caulking gun well now we didn't we had
to split that thing open
you want me to pump the juice yeah I'll
pull the juice I don't know I don't know
how this thing works really but it's
like my you just squeeze the tricks bud
look how awesome this looks yeah I'd say
we got enough glue this time on boy
that's a lot of glue it's time to put
the top back on and say you guys ever
hear
yeah
I don't know that no fur
rollers
I think it looks pretty smooth yeah yeah
that looks good dude I couldn't take it
I got the first cut on this camera the
new camera and I was looking through
that and I couldn't I couldn't take it I
was like look at my table I can't leave
I can't publish this video I don't know
who you had put that on here before but
I've never have that guy come on okay
I'll take your point all right guys it's
quiet time but don't you worry because
in the blink of an eye it will be
morning and here we are it's like magic
morning so I got my baby girl today
Veronica and the boys went out to a
shopping trip with her stepmom they do
this periodically so I have a birthday
party to go to my sister's son turns one
today which is so cool and we're gonna
go celebrate with her and before we do
that though I have to get I have a video
that I'm helping a buddy work on editing
so I have to get that done before I go
edit my vlog and I think that's about it
so I gotta get to work it's time to put
this camera down thank you guys so much
for watching remember don't ever be
anyone elses stepping stone be your own
we'll see you guys right back here
tomorrow
