all right guys can you tell the
difference you know what's different
can you guess it I know you're gonna
hate me
what here I'll show you I'll show you
what's different check this out
canons back back back Mac Mac Mac Mac
yeah I had to take the Sony to Best Buy
and back on the Canon for a minute just
a minute
or a couple thousand actually because
they said the estimated return date of
that cameras gonna be made fifty oh how
are you love good yeah did you enjoy
your work day yeah home before two
o'clock nice oh hi Liza hey baby girl
hey sweetheart
who'd watch you guys have been
practicing break dance and check me out
check out my new moves I'm just trying
to make my wife laugh you know trying to
be happy is EVB cute yeah did you just
give me kisses ah okay back in the
basement again I have this idea
hold on you're I can't see me because
it's so dark but I have this idea to
revamp the way my my store is set up as
far as images and what I'm gonna do is I
have this roll of white paper so I'm
gonna take the roll white paper and make
like a backdrops and so the table will
be like my flat surface and the backdrop
will come curved well why am I telling
you I'll just show you alright this is
how I go to do it because with this lens
I have on the Lumix I don't have enough
distance to get an above like I want to
up down shot of these shirts
see I want to get away from having to
have models or myself model these shirts
I want to be able to throw these designs
up as I make them and the best way to do
that is to is to take pictures of just
the shirts and I think it'll work out
that's this way all right I'll go quit
yelling honey please don't yell I'm such
a fragile human don't ya honor roll
again yeah Colin let's get another high
five for that come on come on
but but you did on a roll dude oh yeah
all A's and B's for the third nine weeks
very nice
what sign-up sheet for Colin for third
grade ooh they're growing people they're
grown so listen we're having people over
for dinner
Scott Lindsay Scott Lindsey I believe
her coming that's why I'm going to get
this food right so we're doing
quesadillas tonight she wants me to get
all the stuff we need for case that BS I
hope that's enough morning it's so weird
filming with this camera again I hope
you guys don't mind the clicks and beeps
for a while but it's it's all good it's
all good
never fails you go to the grocery store
you always forget something I'm put
stuff back in the fridge and realize hey
well most out of milk there's still
almost out of milk
but look I got a ton of strawberries and
blueberries and I got some jalapenos so
maybe we can do this quite voice
rancheros
the right way you know I'm Sam and bran
also makes these jalapeno poppers with
cream cheese shred cheese wrap bacon
with jalapenos
so good oh we got two packs of making
don't you worry about that and I got
mangoes I'm on a fruit kick fruit and
veggies
I haven't eaten them yet because they're
still rock-hard they need to ripen
because that's all they had right there
was hard pears and I wanted pears and I
figure I'll just wait I'll do Felicia
this one's almost ready I might eat this
one right now actually what are you guys
doing come jump with you well look
you're playing with your friends I want
to go play with my friends those kids
are on one yeah what's for dinner you
may have seen these quesadillas before
there's four of them ready here's salsa
and sour cream where'd you get the
recipe from my sister yeah yeah that was
nice a very fair I have these wives in
LA Britain you made them for dinner one
time the best quesadillas I may have
ever had I think Scott you win the case
Adela
goddamn case villa ha come on get your
case Adela
yeah whichever one you want you can pick
the best one he's won that one that's
the best one yeah I got my own special
cheese I wanted it hot look brother hot
habanero
there's come on oh jeez there's four
extra hot peppers on this image which
would suggest it's really hot right me
and Scott are outside talking talking
trash literally this is a deep freeze
this chest freezer
Oh somehow over the winter that thing
got unplugged and it's got some meat in
it it's got like chicken and steak and
bread and some other stuff I came to
recognize it now at this point because
when I cleaned out the garage I opened
that thing up and Scott I'm telling you
what you smell in there oh it's the
worst so he goes dude plug it back in I
was like wow I don't even think of that
plugged it back in we'll free fries it
that way we can chisel everything out
and hopefully it's easier to clean do
you guys remember almost a little over a
year ago this moment all of us were
sitting around this table this very same
table and we were playing challenges do
you remember the egg smash challenge
remember the name of that video yeah
someone pull it up right now matter of
fact when we were at Josh and Sam's
recently my brother and his wife we were
talking about the possibility of doing a
murder mystery video
alive and I'm saying live now because I
thought there's there's streaming
services like you now or there's another
one where you can do like an actual
production you can do switching camera
switching and stuff how cool would it be
to do a live broadcast of this murder
mystery scenario where we all play
characters and we play clue basically as
the characters but it's live and you
guys get to see everything
how awesome that would you participate
yeah I would I know you're down Scott
would you I didn't know I didn't even
hear anything he just what's it about
it's like clue yeah see you a dress up
in a suit it we would make it look like
a 60s yeah you'd have to be your
character so if you're Colonel Mustard
you gotta wear a yellow suit I'll find
you one do I have to be Colonel Mustard
know thumbs up this video if you guys
want to see a livestream of us doing
that murder mystery scenario live thumbs
up comment for editing that's it
snow day eggs man that's one hold it
Colin wants to feed his sister easier if
you hold your hand this way just don't
push it in her mouth that's right Liza
your big brothers are awesome
Scott's about to show off his brand-new
impact wrench you sir let's check it out
together
impact gun yeah I was thinking of
something different you mean like a like
a you know like a Oh tires off this is a
good burger was dang that's got some
torque in there no walking thanks good
morning everyone good morning boys
good morning Eliza hey baby yeah you
think we should record this oh no I'm
not sure we should you know why because
you guys have a soccer game at noon and
we have to get you ready for that soccer
game
yeah yeah I meant to close the vlog out
last night because I I need to get this
edited because they have soccer game all
the stuff is going on it's a Saturday
welcome to Saturday it might actually
bring I hope it doesn't but it might so
it's time for me to set the camera down
you guys I hope you were able to deal
with the quality and sound performance
of this current camera please bear with
me while we wait for the sony to come
back that's all we got for you today
guys thank you so much for watching I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
