hey what up guys watch the vlog so pizza
we're eating pizza this is my day
yesterday
by the time all done boy house just feel
pretty yeah right I got one of those
stuffy head congestion runny nose sore
throat type cold man sucks but anyway
aside from all that I'm spending the day
with my little princess yeah we're
having pizza do you like me so good do
you want a cupcake
all right are you excited
I just excited too but she can't have a
cupcake no cupcakes for you echo today
the to my cupcake oh you gonna have that
what do you mean no it's a cupcake oh I
guess it's for you this is your cupcake
Oh
are you serious right now you just want
the sprinkles oh this is hilarious who
knows why I don't even have to say
anything who knows why this was created
mm-hmm oh this was in Cullen's bag
apparently has a problem stay in the
seat oh no this is not too big look at
you too perfect
214 you're growing you could be a big
girl
that's a girl with a boner here so I
figured as soon as the boys get home we
need to run it now here's one boy right
here the judge he's right there hi and
then the other
oh gosh why say hi Liza daddy
show me yeah hi Bob hi vlog I'm daddy Oh
lovely
you shall Colin Oh crying hi I see we
just used the very last of the wipe and
there's only two diapers left oh we
gotta go in town
you're doing good walking through the
store Liza daddy this flower
it's amazing how difficult it is to just
allow kids to walk beside you because
they don't who they like to wander
that's a dress and she's super curious
but what's scary the most about it
you see those videos popping up we're
like dudes are literally grabbing kids
right beside their parents not my girl
my life is stand by because literally
right here this angle just now was for
the past hour and a half homo we just
did a live stream because as you know I
didn't post this yesterday which I
should have I didn't feel good so I made
up for it thank you tomorrow
meet curtains
yes okay all right so here we are now
it's morning isn't it crazy how like
when you have a cold and tell me in the
comments if this is totally you but when
you have a cold the symptoms intensify
at night like I got a point last night
on like I can't I have to lay down being
six up and this will be the only six log
that power from smashing breakfast and I
know you guys love to see me cook baking
this way yeah me curd stuck together
it's all good that's the best way to
bake bacon that's in my opinion yeah so
we wake up this morning and unlike the
Sun is out you can see the sky it's
amazing but it's only gonna be like 57
degrees today which is not warm so we're
getting there though I can't wait till
we can wake up in the morning and just
walk right outside and just nothing but
a pair of shorts right and that you're
right oh so the kids have school until
the 26th and then they're out for summer
break which is pretty exciting that's
like right around the corner I don't
know if I mentioned it yesterday but I
got a pretty exciting phone call very
exciting phone call which is the best
phone call I could have ever got and it
was a kind of confirmation for an up
coming up coming up I'll become like a
confirmation for an upcoming opportunity
that is just going to be so rad
you explained it but has it announced
yet so I can't say that what it is sure
about that Milly buddy right my mom
Danny loves it so yeah its breakfast
time I'm going to try and not break all
my life let Bobby alright okay my friend
breakfast is done
Veronica's actually she's gone to
t-ball's
opening day to work a booth so she won't
be here until later the kids and I are
just kind of enjoying some videogames
and hangout time it's just I don't know
we need to rest man I feel like poop and
I may have to go assist my little man
again today doing some power washing
stuff we get a little bit of rest before
that try and get myself a zit sickness I
hate having colds man it's all because
the weather I blame you mother nature
I'll blame you I'm going to take it easy
the rest of the weekend I'm not going to
post any more blogs until Tuesday of
this coming week and hopefully by then I
might be able to tell you what we have
coming up I don't know I don't want you
get too excited yet but it's exciting I
can't okay take myself I'm sick
otherwise I would look even more excited
all right guys let's we're leaving for
today thank you so much for watching if
you didn't check out the live Q&A that I
filmed yesterday it's up on the channel
go give it a watch it's just kind of a
fun hangout session with you guys live I
love doing that kind of stuff thumbs up
if you agree so yeah thanks so much for
watching and we will see you next
Oh
