sadly guys I gotta take this
monitor package back to the post office
to send back so I'll tell you what
higher doesn't have the best weather but
at least it's not freezing so I'm
thankful for that
man I could use some consecutive
beautifully sunny nice warm days in a
row my psyche means that
is when it's sunny out I feel like a
king man you guys look at this you guys
blew up my mailbox all these cool
letters man we can't wait to do family
we're gonna have to do a whole separate
fan mail video with this Lord I'm
blogging yeah we gotta let him know
what's going on you know what I'm saying
yeah they blew it up I made it back home
just in time to get these little pockets
get these little bow guys what's up what
oh you were on green today nice
how are you mr. Carlin
my goodness that bus is loud well good
to have you home boys let's go look
here's my after-school snack salad
mushrooms and those red onions and
tomatoes and some cheese and I'll use my
favorite dressing all of garden Italian
I want to mention I want to mention you
guys I was reading some comments and I
saw one that said your blogs are the
same every day and I can relate to that
you know because for the past few weeks
it has been uneventful really and that's
the hard thing with daily vlogs like not
everyday spectacular and since I've been
putting all my effort into not only the
the how to channel and the legends of
awesome project it's I quit working with
a bunch of other people so that I can
focus all of my energies on on these
projects that are that that are my own
and they haven't taken off quite yet
they haven't sent me places which is
fine but they will and for you guys who
are the most loyal gladiators wall you
will be here through this whole entire
journey and say I remember when chase
was at home watching the kids but now
look at him and I promise we're gonna
get there I mean if you look back to
when we were doing the sketches and
whatnot on Roman on Romans now prank
channel
they didn't go as big as the pranks do
now and it took a lot of time every bit
of three four years five six years so
just hang in there we're gonna make some
awesome awesome stuff happen I promise
you that's why you guys have so much
faith in me alright alright check this
out I'm doing a new video for the for
the healthy channel which i think is
gonna be really cool a new type of video
and we called quick tips I'm gonna show
you guys filmmaking tips that are useful
to those who don't have expensive camera
gear
and I think it's I think it's kind of
cool like DIY tips to help you guys make
better videos
it is incredibly sharp it's incredibly
sharp and I wish I had that big monitor
to see better from from up there but
it'll work and work it's good to be out
of that basement but listen I've been
down there for a good portion of the day
working on
I finished the I messed up the review of
the unboxing for the gh4 so I reshot it
and I also shot a quick tip it's gonna
go up on the how-to channel so make sure
you keep your eye out on that and I'm
gonna finish up I realized I skipped the
green screen video so I'm going to later
that's all vo vo and screen capture so
I'm gonna do that later on tonight and
I'm putting up a new design on the
gladiator stuff comm store so make sure
you guys look at that and remember all
the all the shirt purchases and
donations that happen on the gladiator
stuff comm site all that stuff goes to
help the legends of awesome project
which I have a quick update on that I
spoke with my guy earlier today and we
are planning a trip for me to go to LA
and film the trailer for the channel
around May 17th give or take a few days
but it's happening so I'm pumped so me
and the boys we had dinner and I was
going through here looking at some
YouTube stuff and we were looking at
Dennis's how to prank it up channel look
I can't want hero unsubscribe real quick
but we were baffled I was like I was
like I wonder how many subscribers
Dennis is up to and Colin was like you
have to unsubscribe so we look at it and
Dennis is doing so good eight hundred
and eighty nine thousand subscribers
that's awesome we're proud of him the
boys love dinner
Wow and we have the silver play button
yeah yeah right here is silver play
button if they don't remember they've
already seen it you're go shining it up
there real quick just so just so we can
refresh your memory yeah let's do it
the silver play but we're still waiting
on the gold on we'll get there we'll get
there just takes so much time it takes a
long time to get all that thanks to you
whoa we'll get there someday
okay you want to show everyone your must
all right you think the almond milks
gonna give you bigger muscles yeah you
guys just got front-row tickets to the
gun show that you have to feel it flex
this muscle so you can get in here
all right everyone ready time to flex
our muscles thanks to almond milk Oh
hold on let me get my shirt up we have
flex our muscles this is embarrassing
but look here we go tickets to the good
show yeah we need bigger muscles more
almond milk okay boys it's time to
finish the week strong we gotta head to
bed okay we can't wait for mommy any
longer all right guess what tomorrow's
Friday yeah start to the weekend
I thought it would be really cool we
could we can tomorrow after you guys
give up from school we can take care of
that glass aquarium and set it up for
your hermit crabs good yeah cuz I feel
bad this poor little hermit crabs are
stuck in that little tiny cage that they
get from the beach we got to fix that we
can't
oh all right my little munchkins
it's no one's birthday everyone good
night there one good my cars
put that window down ma'am I'm gonna
need to see your license and
registration
great kid you know I'm just kidding man
you got the heat cranking in here whole
week
Veronica's gotta go to the store to get
different formulas you got the wrong
formula so I'm gonna take the baby
nothing ma'am I have constant ate that
baby I'm gonna constipate the baby we're
gonna feed her almond milk concentrate
baby I'm just kidding let me just let me
just take the baby and stop goofing
around now oh okay I want to show you
guys I was taking the trash out and that
is this this this catastrophe my garage
so one of you guys mentioned it before
while I was cleaning the garage but up
here on the garage door opener a bird
has made its nest no joke that same bird
as soon as I open the door
she gets spooked she flies around and
drops loads of poo right on my car it's
like even in my garage I get on as
soon as I brought her in and set her
down in her car seat she woke up
screaming and I just spent the past 20
minutes holding her and dancing with her
like this she must love this motion and
I danced with her and I hummed aerosol
and she fell asleep right here and then
laid her down and she actually stays
see how long is it / yeah well I just
hum
it worked I did all the dishes I filmed
three videos fed the boys I'm like you
rip open my shirt and there's a big
chain that's under there super dad you
know do I get it reward really and now
it's morning
like magic what I'll take a long Friday
it is Friday Friday you guys pumped for
the weekend yeah yeah yeah we're gonna
do fan mail today yeah yeah we'll make
that a separate video cuz this one's
gonna be long
all right I got my coffee you got your
book bags let's get you to school you
have to take this camera you know what
we should do we should suffer for the
Canon we should suffer with the Canon
for a couple days and send this camera
back so it can be fixed the zoom on this
camera is also quite incredible 20 times
optical zoom which is really good really
good yeah yeah didn't you
it's okay I love you guys have a happy
Friday be good gold star gold star you
better look who's up and so happy okay
look at you Liza you're sitting up
chillin out maxin relaxin and cooling
seen you me shootin some b-ball
at the school and yeah look how far
she's come you guys from the little tiny
baby you saw in the hospital to sit not
being a bum bow this is a bum bow this
thing teaches him how to set up yeah I
know
Oh burp right all right guys this is
where we leave you for today it's a new
day Friday you said who knows what we're
gonna do today well one thing's for sure
I promised the boys that we were gonna
make that hermit crab cage yeah so we're
gonna clean out the aquarium and make a
hermit crab cage for the guys yeah yeah
all right guys that's all we got for you
today happy Friday
thank you so much for watching we can't
December we can't wait to see you right
back here with us tomorrow
