I got chewed out pretty good this
morning by the boys because they don't
have any more of their favorite cereal
nope and we didn't have any eggs left
either so I used all those so we got to
go to the store we've got to do the
grocery shopping thing which sucks but
it's part of daily life you know I'm
saying you know I'm saying honey okay
let's see if we can't show Veronica cuz
she's doing woman like things is
monstrously Wendy look at those flags
out there like perfectly straight out
I know I know on the top it looks like I
just got frozen beats but there's
actually some good stuff in here good
stuff the bags full we got a food now
Collin can't complain anymore when he
says he doesn't have cereal cuz I bought
him three boxes of different kinds of
cereal yeah rich oak dip you like that
yeah yeah mm-hmm that's good stuff
French bread pizzas look honey I've got
look honey I got grapes these little
cherry tomatoes listen someone someone
said in the vlogs we need to have huevos
rancheros
scrambled eggs diced up tomatoes and red
onion yeah that's fine I'm gonna eat a
lot of greens right some lettuce and I
got mushrooms to put in it
and I got hamburgers and sausages
Lunchables for the kids bunch of these
cuz I really like him you're like you
know fruit squeezers whatever's calling
us so excited that I brought him home
his favorite cereal that he had to have
a bowl right now is it everything you
wanted are you ready for your soccer
game mentally physically are you ready
you will be playing against another team
today well guess what today's the day no
bread you're watching your carbs there :
that's good I hope you guys are ready
for your first soccer game and guess
what I'm gonna film you with a new gh4
camera oh are you ready okay you got it
you got to put on a good show for us you
promise to the state of Ohio for that
beautiful sky what do you think about
that sky that's nice
let me think of a picture-perfect cloud
day that's it these guys peppered with
white clouds fluffy fluffy I guess look
at them they're nice and toasty in there
look I'm gonna have to cut every single
clip that I filmed outside of here
because there's no you you won't hear
anything
you won't hear nothing look how cold it
is there's freakin snot dripping rothman
what day one you guys want good job high
five I'm sad up high down low oh you got
me look this house smart people are in
our community I pulled up to the people
in front of us there's the first row
supposed to leave a space for cars
here's the second row and then here's
the back half of the second row and then
every genius parked right behind like I
don't can you make sense of this I don't
know I don't get it I don't get it
please how'd you do out there awesome we
won one cool I'm sorry I didn't get to
sit out there too long and watch your
whole game
um I got to see a little bit I caught
some of it on on the gh4 I don't think I
made a coherent video I was just trying
to test out the different settings and
whatnot
mm-hmm and definitely need that lens is
a 1445 I definitely need like a 300
millimeter run stand with those pallet
the pallet wood that you got in the
garage and I'm gonna make cardboard
signs with crayons I'm gonna write
lemonade $100 and better be some it's
gonna serious what good stuff
not like this Minute Maid garbage like
with vodka with vodka with vodka so I
thought I'd give this Baby Bjorn thing a
test drive check me out I feel like I
could do anything with this thing on
look she's super happy look what do you
think Liza I'm gonna do my next review
video like this yep straight up you can
turn around and flip this down so she
can see out she has controllers she's
never resting on her we're gonna get
Veronica I'm just afraid that she's
gonna beat me it's bedtime bedtime
anybody but who looks like rum mommy's
the run piece of poo today volunteer on
goodnight
hey no matter what you did awesome at
soccer today
you earned daddy's respect bringing yeah
yeah rock paper scissors showdown
all right here like we're gonna rock
paper scissors for the reward mommy
great me first columns between us paper
scissors best out of three wins everyone
good night I thought I vote for havens -
okay good it's doodle time you've gotta
be kidding me
you've seen this right and it's
definitely snowing boys we did it we did
it what I got you guys up it it was 7:58
yeah yeah we got done and ready and made
it for the bus in a half an hour that's
awesome hey have a great day I love you
drink cups fresh y'all the shower come a
clean clothes on so precious so clean I
thought before I go I teach you guys the
art of the Gil Hawk this is how we do it
I used to axe messy look it's the only
stuff that I like
that much yep rub it on the hands
start tapping - tanta run it through
this is quick it's easy do this the back
down boom
heel huh I like to leave it a little
messy sometimes second there you have it
alright guys I gotta get this off my
hands I'm gonna go downstairs make an
awesome breakfast suggested by one of
you Hybels alright charros reported that
tomorrow I'll teach you guys how to make
it that's all I got for you today
I already set this camera down will see
all of you right back here
