hey guys welcome to daddy day Monday is
daddy day I got all these kids I just
got the kids off the bus I've been
working on some things this morning so I
kind of yeah we got to go to the water
department since I bought the house I
still haven't signed everything as far
as the water goes over and to my name so
I have to go do that got there Carson
needs help with his plants vs. zombies
name guy yesterday here let me see your
cash sure everyone your cat and he just
built this all by himself
it's cold yeah crazy Legos this is as
much fun as I can have today with with
having little eyes on board huh baby
girl
yeah Jericho yeah so let me see what do
you got what do we got to do what's the
goal okay let me see I'll take care of
that for you like that yeah yeah just a
little and like that yeah what is this
that you're building oh this is a frame
for it to roll down ah I see scene you
ought to eat that are you keep working
on that Paulin you bust out your
homework guys this is disappointing we
got it we got to make some further
adjustments because check out Collins
spelling test scores mm-hmm not proud of
that are you
me neither so I told him that there's no
Xbox this week for him at all and he's
negative five hours of Xbox gameplay so
he has to work to get his his time up to
zero and then start building more and he
doesn't get to play until not this
Friday but next Friday homework first
above everything homework first and then
we're practicing your this week spelling
again get it done
backpack get it get it done boat nap
after get it done
guys the person I've been waiting for
all day long
mmm-hmm see you right now let me show
you what I worked so hard for and a
little bit of you guys a little bit of
you guys was to help to get this to but
the big the big piece of what's about to
come in through that door that's all me
oh yeah inside those boxes are all the
ingredients necessary mostly to make
incredible awesome breathtaking stunning
high-quality YouTube videos for none
other than you that's one of the reasons
I do this is because of you and my
passion for making these videos but it's
just that you guys watch them and enjoy
them so much that makes it that much
more fun so enough of that let's let me
show you what we got all right guys I
want to introduce to you the newest
member of the Gilroy vlogs Gilroy how
to's and upcoming legends of awesome
project family the Panasonic Lumix gh4
this is the world's first mirrorless 4k
DSL M because it doesn't have a mirror
that's a Micro Four Thirds body and this
is the only DSLR camera so far they can
shoot 4k raw 42
ten megabits per second I believe it's
ten bits per second this camera is a
most incredible camera and it will be
the spearhead of the Legends boss
project among others
this camera is an amazing camera and I
can't wait to I want to plug it in right
now and get the battery charged so I can
show you some some footage from it as
much as I'd love to tear into that box
right now and show you guys off this
camera I'm gonna do an unboxing so I
can't I can't really open it yet so I
have to wait till Veronica gets home but
in the meantime I'm gonna carry out my
daddy duties and change me a diaper come
on let's go tell your mama goodnight Red
Dwarf into the evening I had kind of a
situation with kids which I don't want
to go into but I had a situation let's
just say I'm really really really glad
to see you
bedtime for these little nuggets yeah
yeah I'm gonna get your nose yeah tell
everyone what happens tomorrow what do
you got going on tomorrow tomorrow's
tomorrow's your first what believe in
yourself you can do it I believe in you
do you believe the gladiators believe in
you do you believe
yes
Carson believes he's he's full of
believe it say I believe all right
louder jealous don't don't say goodnight
to us in the dark anymore
tell him everyone you can't see him when
he says goodnight tell her gladiators
goodnight time for school Barney the big
purple dinosaur Barney uh how do you
even know me that sounds like all right
let's go I got my coffee I'm ready
bookbags yes let's go let's go let's go
to the Jeep yeah this is what it's like
being a parent good we got out to the
bus stop and just as soon as we turn the
corner to go up the street we see the
bus drive right by so now we're at bus
stop option number two and usually
there's people here but there's no one
here
so I'm wondering if they'll even stop
okay they're good
bus bus came they're off to school
perfect I got to tell you guys yesterday
it was about six o'clock some time
between after the kids who came home
from school and Veronica came home the
parenting was a real test of patience
you had both boys pulling at me from one
end and then Eliza became very very
inconsolable and it was hard it was
really hard and I really need to like
mention all you single parents have the
most difficult job on the planet and
those of you that do it well deserve mad
respect because it's tough parenting is
a very tough job full-time job
especially with the babies the babies
require ten times more attention but in
the end it's all worth it it's just
really tough to overcome those moments
when you feel so frustrated and
aggravated you know what I mean you just
have to what Veronica said calm your
inner self and and move through it so I
had to shut down a little bit yesterday
evening just to kind of collect myself
no one wants to see frustrated Gilroy
trying to take care of all the kids but
I made it through I made it through and
here we are to today so let's go home
and get our day started I actually have
a wrap up a wrap up video shoot to
finish this unboxing for the gh4
I hope you like it
it's gonna make some awesome videos
babies in there watching TV Veronica's
on the couch sleeping usually the baby
goes back to sleep in the morning I'm
gonna try and start changing my my daily
routine I want to I want to start eating
healthy and I also want to start working
out but I got to start small because I
don't ever work out so I need to stretch
I'm gonna do some stretches and then I'm
also going to do some sit-ups and
push-ups just to get the blood pumping
this morning
that's good yeah I need to give my
basement clean out so that I can use the
Bowflex down there can't wait to start
doing some Bowflex work okay so I hope
you're starting your day with as much
enthusiasm as I am I'm a lot more
positive today than I when I ended the
day yesterday that's for sure I'm gonna
get my day going hop in the shower
finish up another review video and yeah
that's all I got for you guys today
listen thank you so much for watching
it's time to put this camera down and I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
