yep
starting my day with some eggs the
incredible edible egg I know it could
probably be good for you but I start
cooking it with butter it's that bad
we spent yesterday's beautiful day
outside we did get to go out to eat and
spend some time together but we spent
most of the day doing chores around here
trying to get a bunch of stuff done
because you know it's it's springtime
you gotta get your spring cleaning in
you got to rejuvenate your space and I
think we got to continue doing that a
little bit today because on the way is a
massive front of storms and rain so I
think it's gonna be an inside day you
know me I love putting Tabasco on my
eggs and you know what's weird the
Tabasco doesn't taste the same if you
make scrambled eggs you it just tastes
right with like sunny-side up eggs
over-medium over easy whatever but I
love Tabasco my eggs there's nothing
better oh yeah
yesterday the day the day grabbed a hold
of me before I could get the vlog edited
and I mean I couldn't help myself it was
so beautiful yesterday so I I decided to
go out and try and get everything I
needed to get done done and realized
quickly that I hadn't edited the vlog
and it was still like 8 9 o'clock at
night
so I stayed up late to edit the video
and so today I'm gonna do it first thing
so you guys don't have to stay up till 6
in the morning on the other side of the
earth
hold them up again you see them hot
sucks
that's what's up that's what's love
Branca rocking tall socks today you guys
ready yeah yeah we're gonna take the
kids to Toys R Us it's a rainy day so we
thought we'd make some fun out of it and
take the boys to Toys R Us and spend the
money that they've earned whether by
doing chores or where there was for
Christmas or whatever what are you gonna
get what are you gonna get anyway we're
just gonna hang out today as a family
and enjoy each other's company and just
enjoy life that's what we do what's your
total how much money you got eleven
dollars okay and Carson how much money
you have I really forgot your money so
we're gonna teach you guys a little bit
about spending money you can only pick
out what you have money to afford okay
Colin already knows what he wants to get
I know how this is gonna go I'm not
gonna say it yet because then they'll
make sure look how wonderful it is up
there all right boys remember how I
taught you how to dodge raindrops ready
yeah let's see what happens
it's like kids in the candy store I mean
toy store do you know what you're after
I know what you're after already
Skylanders I'm looking for
a rock door come on Carson while Colin
and mommy are looking for the perfect
Skylander me and Carson are gonna go
find him some minecraft stuff because
you love minecraft yeah dude I can only
imagine as a kid when you're this tall
looking up at all this stuff this is
probably the greatest place in the world
he probably feels right now how I feel
about walking into like a micro Center
or Best Buy we think what's your what's
your idea you already have pretty much
all of that stuff what is that
Cal - raw beef dude look at the detail
on this dinosaur - whoa-oh-oh this one
yeah did you imagine walking around all
these dudes longneck t-rex oh that
spider got nothing on t-rex yeah well
this guy's got bighorn Gilroy's are
taking over the toy house walking dead
action figures dude everyone's here
Michonne the governor zombies Daryl
I'm so excited
let me see your prize you're getting the
plants vs. zombie walnut bowling
building set okay okay
nice Colin Colin was able to score a buy
one get one half off Skylanders slam bam
and who else lightning rod knives dig
alright alright let's go check out so we
can go to Dairy Queen in speed you're
1285 okay okay I think I can help you I
think I can help you
so we need two more two dollars and
eighty-five cents more yeah
how much was Carson's so yours was like
12 bucks something you got our stuff you
got lucky I afraid you got so lucky
Carson just walks over to the machine
turns it and it spins where's your coat
oh it's in the thing scary let's go eat
dude
Dairy Queen I'm ready to mount down I
might get that flamethrower burger and a
blizzard every species blizzard or an
Oreo blizzard
how's your ice-cream dude good good I
had to eat food they had lunch but I did
not who came home and everyone had to
poop there's literally a person in every
single bathroom in our house I'm gonna
say that today is a good day to cuddle
up on the couch with the blankie
well that's cold now and the blankies
war teddy actually has it how many
diapers dude that one that won't even
last us till 10 o'clock tonight diapers
formula burp rags smelly diapers
crying no sleep these are all things
that you experience when you have babies
and is it bad it's just different
like for instance I pretty much sleep on
the couch a lot more now than I do in my
own bag I do I did that last night for
Veronica so she
so she could sleep why cuz I'm an
awesome guy good we decided to have a
little bit of fun on the Xbox console
since we came home and it was rainy
check out what the boys are getting into
yes
that's Mortal Kombat X I won't do any
gameplay today in the vlogs because I
suck horribly at this game still need to
figure out the moves but tell me in the
comments who is your favorite all-time
character on Mortal Kombat take a wild
guess here - come on you you know me I'm
a scorpion fan scorpion is my favorite
character in the entire Mortal Kombat
game second - sub-zero but those are the
classic N and Veronica and I are gonna
play as soon as the boys go to bed yeah
this is the only way I can keep the boys
from jumping up and down rampantly while
playing video games did you have an
awesome weekend we had fun in did you
enjoy your new Skylanders toys see what
it means to actually use the money that
you've earned to buy something isn't
that cool good for you buddy
goodnight say goodnight to our
gladiators and Carson did you have a
super awesome weekend yeah that's good
did you like your plants vs. zombies
character that you bought yeah very good
tower gladiators good night I'm gonna be
quiet don't wake the baby believe it or
not Bronk is actually doing very well at
Mortal Kombat I'm gonna miss her penis
it's not there why cuz there's rock you
know always moves I kill this one turned
out
I've totally whooped a Veronica the
fatalities in this Mortal Kombat are
freakin nuts I'd like to welcome you
guys to Monday happy Monday now you may
be feeling apprehensive like you still
want to be asleep you know not go to
school and keep going on the weekend but
I hate to bring to you this feeling will
last the rest of your life
Monday's are actually kind of good
Monday is the day that you start your
week and make progress in your life
what progress are you gonna make today
bus is coming hey promise me something
okay both of you do good work in school
all this new teacher behave and you'll
be one step closer to playing xbox on
the weekend oh yeah my hair I decided
one of these days I'm just gonna stick
it all straight up I'm too shy right I
felt a little but it's Monday guys it's
Monday get yourselves out of bed wake up
start the day and the week on a positive
note now instead of later
yeah Veronica's gonna have lunch I'm
gonna spend the whole day with the baby
so let's hope I get something now that's
all you got for you today guys listen
thank you so much for watching we can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
