guess what guys it is family fun day I
did all my work this morning well most
of it was the exception of getting
today's vlog uploaded but you'll see
that later tonight no word we're gonna
go to Papa boos it's out on Buckeye Lake
how are you feeling she wasn't man I can
testify she was a mess good trashcan
trashcan shoes we're going to pop a
booze on Buckeye Lake for two reasons we
love popping booze I used to work there
for quite a long time good food they do
have live music today but I think we're
gonna try and miss that for the baby's
sake and also the other reason we're
going is because Buckeye Lake has been
in the news lately
recently the Army Corps of Engineers has
discovered that the Buckeye Lake Dam is
in risk of catastrophic failure for the
past 20 years they've been doing
research on the dam and found that it
has had some structural structural
problems and now it's reached a point
they put it off so long it's reached a
point that the Army Corps of Engineers
is saying that this dam could burst at
any moment and that would be bad that
would be very bad so we want to go check
it out and see what you know what it's
all about
apparently this Lake it's been like
they've they've stopped it from reaching
spring or summer levels so they've been
draining it and we just want to see what
it's all about I mean I do here we are
the old papa boo I spent many summers
slaving away at this place hey yeah we
miss it and we wanted to see what the
lake looks like here and eat why Jeff
why are we eating that Papa boos this is
the only place to be everyone say hi to
Jeff Craig Lee he's the general manager
here today he's the man
it looks like there's water but really
when we get up to the shoreline it's
gonna be mud disgusting yeah you can see
there there's so much space underneath
the docks at least like five feet
there's probably literally ankle deep
water right there guys dancing shoes on
get it Collin break it down dude potato
boat this is a potato boat guys just
potato shells cheese and bacon and
scallions or green onions sour cream do
you like it Carson did you try one
potato mo oh you got try it so good
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
dig in there baby all right check out
this burger right here Oh
bloated tots boom boom burger cheese and
mushroom tie and sub and then the
waitresses are stealing my kid it's like
family here oh look at that man there's
probably so much stuff down there that
no one's seen or heard from for years
and years look guys the water level is
usually low well you can see where it
usually is right there and look how low
it is
and that mud I'll bet you that muds
every bit of a few feet deep of just
solid slush you can tell there's oil in
it what really sucks like this for this
guy over here that's Jimmy Carter he
owns a marina and obviously there's
gonna be no boats going in his business
will be pretty much shut down this whole
summer and until they get the dam fix
and and for that matter anyone along
this Lake who owns boats that are
hanging up in their boat docks
can't do nothing with that right yeah
did you enjoy your dinner Eliza she's
having dinner
we gotta go to my home and mow the grass
I'm disappointed that we have to do that
but you get that cardboard and all that
stuff out basement I mean the garage
yeah well we had our fun for today now
it's time to get some work done
I just I want to say I don't know what
to say don't know what to say
just don't know yeah I just don't know
so nice be able to walk around a little
t-shirt degrees no shoes just great jizz
on your mind
he said he was gonna push my weight
because it just looks nicer cleaner and
then he's on a riding lawnmower
my poor cactus we got this cactus from
the Outer Banks so the first year we
went and it was just these two bottom
cacti and then one summer we got one
more on each and the next summer we got
another one but it looks kind of rotten
it's like it's dying
pieces of it oh my dude wake up from
your nap
hmm she's getting so big eyes so big you
can see how I can stretch out Oh big
stretch big stitch I'm a mowing machine
that was fun
first mo of the summer that means free I
got it all looking so tight now it's
time to load up all this stuff
man I'm getting stuff done around here
that's what's all about getting stuff
done
be positive be motivated get your stuff
together
I just saw two motorcycles just drag
race off of that stoplight back there
it's so cool to see all these bike
riders back on the road again and it
urges me to remind you to be careful be
careful on the roads because there are
motorcycles out there it's sometimes
it's hard to see him I say that because
my ex landlord and he just so happens to
be an awesome guy was in a very very bad
motorcycle accident down in Florida and
now he's he's blind he'll never see you
again you almost died so be careful on
the roads especially if you're riding
bikes and especially look out for those
bike riders alright here's the spot
let's get this done
good riddance not what are you guys
doing yeah you're playing some weight
you're not out on the field with your
cleats and stuff with me playing soccer
oh we got him some soccer game
this is FIFA 2010 pre-owned I didn't get
them as a brand new one because I need
to know this they're gonna like the
first do it do your thing boys
it's Spain versus Mexico don't touch it
with your hands you know better remember
left button will switch players kick it
out I think a Hey there you go no no get
it out you just you just gonna guess
yourself we've got some work to do so be
honest how did you like your first
soccer game yeah don't get better you
did really like are you just seeing you
really liked it well high five for
trying
I'm gonna shower I don't know if you can
tell but I have like little grass
particles all in my hair is II know it's
nice and why
you guys did good today you play nice
and hard outside today was such an
awesome day beautiful sunny warm yeah
because we were mowing the grass it's
dangerous have you ever been hit by
something they got flowing out by a
mower bad cut job look at your baby dude
you guys were on it that's awesome
high fives for cleaning in your room
high fives for cleaning your room nice
what you already you already redeemed
your time today
yeah this morning I was finishing up
editing the review video and the boys
were redeeming their xbox time Seth came
over I had to help him fix his computer
so he can edit video again and yeah you
guys got a ton of Xbox time no I love
you they love you too good night Carson
was a kid kid oh yeah yeah oh look Robin
all my black pants I hate when the cat
rubs on my black pants cuz then my black
pants are covered in fur I really don't
have much else for you today you know
why because I have no good reason
this week should be pretty exciting
coming up I will be getting some cool
new gear on Monday and as soon as we get
that it's one more step forward and
closer to legends of Awesome so I need
you guys's help also in order for this
channel to work we need to find the
world's most talented people and it has
to be serious talent not just mediocre
talent
want these videos to be incredible so
help me put out on your social media
networks find the world's most talented
people and send them to me because I
want to film them
bottom line once we get closer with the
trailer that'll be a huge tool for you
guys to share on your platforms to show
everyone you know what legends of
Awesome is it's better it'll be a better
explanation but all right I'm gonna get
going for the day I appreciate you guys
coming by thank you so much for watching
just set the camera down we'll see all
of you right back here tomorrow
