I smile all day you may I saw yesterday
as well go up pretty early I spent the
rest of the day until this point right
now finishing my review video Jim mostly
happy about but now it's night we're
gonna go have a cookout my brother is it
cooking out we're gonna cook out with my
brother
she's the knowledgebase she knows
everything that's why I asked her cook
at my brother's house and we're gonna
play some actual like family games Hank
there sweetheart
look just take a second you guys and
look at these little pig toes these are
piggy toes oh they're fantastic I mean
those are the coolest feet I've ever
seen next to yours when you were a baby
and then Collins weren't you baby
yeah let's get out of here yeah how are
you doing brother good are you sure
are you positive whelming or and until
she got herself some Snickers hungry
why wait you're not you when you're
hungry hey hey Josh would you get a new
girl smoker yeah
josh is using something I've never used
before a lump lump charcoal I said why
you got just burnt good look seriously
looks like just burnt wood what are you
cooking are we just doing ribs rack of
ribs
Josh's dog loves catching balloons or
popping them or whatever just pops up in
the air I'm filming the dog get Zoey oh
now what ready go
Zoe
oh no no no person wants me to jump with
him yes I'll get in on this it's hard to
jump on because it's on a hill Chloe's
hair that's so awesome
wait let me see look look up here mm-hmm
empty grill use foil let's see what came
off that bad boy it smells like heaven
right Jay looks fantastic hungry yeah
yeah yeah no let's talk about that in a
little bit this murder mystery thing
that we just talked about yeah it's
gonna be awesome
yeah we brought the game Clue we play
some clue and Josh and Sam drunk and I
were talking about the possibility of
doing like a live action clue game where
we send out invitations to a bunch of
different people participate and then
they all come in character and we make a
video of it so I just one we plan to be
on a clue I didn't want to blog because
I'm actually honestly really bad at for
games like this but I won by default
because everyone else missed their
guesses and this I'm telling you what if
we make this into a video it's gonna be
so freaking hilarious
Colin's gonna be in it too all right
boys you ready
we gotta roll out why are you okay lies
is definitely not happy sucks the baby
determines when you have to go home the
baby makes the rules the baby is the one
in charge everyone's down for the count
might be a long night for me yeah can i
honey hey Carson everyone's up it's only
8:30 in the morning and like I
anticipated it was a long night I think
I only got four hours sleep poor
Veronica she does not feel good at all
she actually got sick a couple times
last night which really stinks because
today I wanted to go and do some you
know nature filming and stuff like we
did at the beach I want to take the
camera out some some of the cool spots
around here and film some stuff I don't
know if that's gonna happen
Veronica's got me into taking a daily
multivitamin so that I can get all the
essential minerals and vitamins that I
need you're gonna turn that off soon oh
yeah your time is almost up there
redeeming their earned xbox time for the
day so we're gonna get our day started
I'm gonna hit the showers
check on Veronica make sure she's doing
better it's time to set this camera down
updates on Legends of Awesome coming
soon today we put the finishing touches
on the review case for the shield x2
that should be up Monday I'm hoping for
Monday so yeah that's all I got for you
today thank you so much for watching we
can't wait to see you right back
here
