it's garage cleaning day I've already
done a little bit but it's still a
nightmare look at all this cardboard all
this cardboard and I saved like plastic
and stuff I try to recycle as much as I
can obviously I haven't delivered it to
be recycled it's been a while actually
and see Veronica brings these cardboard
boxes home these big ones because she
has all the intentions like pack up old
toys or old clothes whatever but she
never ever does it right yeah
so I'm getting all this stuff ready I'm
gonna take it to the recycling place and
I'm not sure what to do with this the
dishwasher I don't know I don't know
where you would go to take that I still
need to use the leaf blower and blow all
this gabite out of here but dude this is
good start to getting all my spring
cleaning done yeah I guess I can't
really use the leaf blower because I'll
blow all that stuff around so I'm gonna
have to sweep
Veronica fills up these like wine
bottles with sand and stuff and one of
them broke so we've got a sandy mess on
the floor and there's glass I don't know
what to do about that but unfortunately
I'm have to suck this up
Hey Dude what do you think yeah yeah how
was school yeah you got on blue that's
one step down from yellow no it's one
step down from as actually two steps
down from room no really yeah it's just
a warning it's not that bad no it's not
but you're a gold star I thought about
doing you see that glass fish tank I
thought what if we cleaned it out and
put some of the sand and shells that we
got from the beach and make that craps
is that cool yeah that'd be awesome
we got to finish getting some other
stuff done before you guys have to go to
solve it okay I just went the past 20
minutes we're now late for soccer spent
the past 20 minutes trying to find
college shin guards come on dude you
need to hurry these kids know how to
waste some time that's for sure I think
I am gonna have to start putting my
boots Amar's always rushing we're late
as usual boys what are we gonna do today
that we did that we didn't do yesterday
focus yes we're gonna focus and we're
gonna listen to the coach right yes and
watch the ball not pay attention to the
girls
right Colin yeah if you do well we will
have rewards like rewards like Haman's
rewards like xbox time that sound good
to you
way better yeah that sounds good to me
yeah I'm gonna build a tastes like a
beast
I'm gonna be so mad at ya you should you
should kick the ball what's it gonna
rain for I totally was not anticipating
raining the guys do you guys don't have
like raincoats on I don't have an
umbrella I can't take the camera out in
the rain practice is over a little early
for the rain but you guys did way better
high five
smiles where's your smiles oh there it
is where's your smiles go what are you
tired yes you do little Nancy yeah they
did way better you know uh for your
efforts cotton-headed ninny-muggins
for your efforts you guys definitely
earned one hour each of Xbox time okay
okay whatever you want it's your time
get her stuff walk
all right yes I think we're onto
something here what are you guys doing
yeah for what I do wipe the counters
really you earn time a soccer
you can't redeem it until Friday because
it's school night yeah yeah yeah exactly
I think probably what we'll do from now
on until they get the hang up what's
happening at soccer is we may not belong
because someone mentioned it in the
comments at yesterday's video it is true
if I have the camera out and they see me
with the camera they want to approach me
and be part of it so until you guys get
better
we won't vlog in soccer practice okay
deal so you can focus you guys I wish
you could have seen him today Colin was
a completely different person he chased
after the ball he was aggressive he even
kicked it in the goal a few times yeah
twice yeah and you did go you did
awesome too
I'm so I couldn't be more proud if I was
a mushy mushy guy I'd cry about it
alright so we're gonna get stuff cleaned
up before mommy comes up okay let's send
mommy a sweet video you want to let's do
it okay on the count of three or when I
nod my head that's when you say it okay
ready no mommy tell her a message
wait wait wait wait time on my head
and I love to give you hugs and kisses
over time men and I'm not a hundred
percent with this wrong we'll just
splice it together real quick and then
send it to mommy so we're just exported
dude this app is so cool for just me
trimming and cutting together really
short little videos but here this is
what we just made or you could do some
super thoughtful like that just to let a
woman know that you're thinking about
her yeah I will send that to her let her
know that we're thinking about okay and
let's go get in the shower you guys
gotta get a shower
good job today guys you helped pick up
the house which is awesome you did good
at soccer which is awesome
congratulations Carson high five high
five onside up high down low too slow
ask her what she thought of our messages
yeah the boys and I had discovered that
when they do good stuff yeah he does it
when they do good stuff they get time to
play xbox and Colin and car scene today
at soccer were two completely different
people
Colin was Colin was furious destroyer on
the soccer field
what do you well you pulled in you saw
it right except for that pile of garbage
yeah I told the boys we would take the
aquarium and put sand in it for the
hermit crabs yeah yeah yeah we got
plenty and say hey we're not done but
today was a good start good time I guess
I'm gonna tuck them in tonight what'd
you do everything was going good until
you said something Oh Rock dude
don't that be make okay tell the
gladiators good night till the
gladiators good night what maybe
tomorrow what maybe tomorrow I just
realized something
we passed a hundred and sixty thousand
subscribers it's pretty good guy hey
guys hey guys yeah look at Carson he
looks so awesome like you should be on a
sailboat yeah I wanted before you guys
go to school I thought you could help me
in the vlog you know since we're into
the next day and and you know we got
nothing out what's not hey before we go
I want to tell you guys if you have a
chance watch the movie interstellar I
watched it late last night that movie is
so awesome I liked it Matthew
McConaughey's in it okay
you ready for school my brother yeah
Colin Colin I just want to say your
outfit looks super rad all right guys
that's about all we got for you today
it's time for me to set this camera down
suppose we'll just see all of you right
back here
