it's time daughter do we got to go back
to the H&R Block office so that we can
sign off on the tax paperwork and
whatnots and and yeah I don't know what
else we're doing there
hey wait wait you see your shirt oh
that's a fantastic shirt right there I
like that too tight too tight yeah I
think it looks very sexy yeah yeah all
right let's go
Liza you ready oh yeah dad ready here we
go here let's go back in here you get
our billions back clearly
Eliza likes that feedbag out get into
her mouth cavity this is what we had to
resort to huh feeding the baby whilst
driving backwards says the girl who's
motion sickness yeah Veronica's all
butthurt - about missing out on Hammonds
last night where I took the boys to get
hot dogs and ice cream so does her we
have to go for a month
I've been craving since they open what
are you running embassies why are you
gonna get chicken sandwiches strawberry
milkshake
I got a strawberry milkshake last night
can you hear that dinging sound can you
hear that sound
the dinging sound you know if the
dinging sound all the bees Humphrey
seatbelt yeah yeah cuz mine's plugged in
you see that yeah you should definitely
put it on look how big she's getting I
can't even take it she's getting so big
her getting told big yes you are
she had such a hard time we were at the
tax office much longer than we should
have been we were supposed to just go in
and finish signing since I had Veronica
there but she had to like pretty much
reiterate everything for Veronica since
we filed a joint return but we had to
feed allies on the way back in a car so
she spilled all her she spilled a lot of
milk on her
yeah I didn't get you guys YouTube
you're too smart for me how's school
yeah oh nice
what Carson I substitute today oh yeah
yeah
were you good did you get a yellow star
you got 12 minutes every time no you got
12 minutes of free time what does that
mean that means you were good that's
awesome
so basically what I got to do is go to
the bank drop this off the boys have
soccer get your shoes out of course are
we gonna go gonna go
the boys have soccer yeah I mean
football whatever you want to call it
I'm just gonna call it footing here
we're just gonna call it footy from now
on no woody yeah come on get your shoes
on snacky boy check the mail and a few
weeks ago I did some video work
been waiting for a check and I got that
check so I'm taking it to the bank and
where do you see what I have planned
together
we're in the park this park is so big in
right now it's so busy there's games
going on baseball games softball games
soccer this place is alive I wish they
had a gym because I really really really
really really want to start working out
and while the kids are doing soccer or
whatever sport they do up here
I could be lifting weights and running I
can run anyways I didn't wear anything
today for the hippy all right who's
ready hold your balls all right
that's inappropriate but cool I need my
ball here put your ball down there on
the ground
Carson ran away from practice come on
dude it's a little green dot really all
right come on hustle back hustle back to
practice miss Carson Carson's
interpretation of playing soccer massive
behavioral issues today do you think oh
boy that was so bad oh yes thank you for
cleaning that up for me dude look I came
home from soccer practice and went
through and did a whole bunch of
cleaning because I couldn't take any
more as much as I could clean off this
it's it's never done it's never done
only the cleanings never done tomorrow
morning I wake up early I start in the
garage I do recycle and I have a ton of
cardboard out there that I've been
saving since pretty much the start of
winter so I have to take a bunch of
cardboard out of there and just clean up
I'm ready I'm ready to get things done
last one upstairs is a all-star sucker
player last one upstairs is the worst
soccer player ever
ooh
Collins feet were still downstairs looks
like you better practice column guys I'm
a bit disheveled about the boys soccer
practice today soccer football I'm gonna
just call it stalking from now because
as we know in the US it's soccer hey I
made it a lot of the boys soccer
practice today because well it was just
a bad one it was a bad one they don't
behave properly when they're on the
field and I don't know what to do about
it like I don't know what to do about it
they don't really focus on what the
actual rules in the game is Collin seems
to run away from the ball as opposed to
running for it and it's hard because you
want him to have fun playing soccer but
there's this fine line between complete
disobedience and fun so how do you
differentiate I mean I'm gonna tell you
straight up a lies it would have been a
proper substitution for Colin tonight
and it's like and I don't want to yell
at him and make him feel bad and stuff
like that so I don't know what to do I
don't know how to I don't know how to
motivate him to want to play I mean he's
out there cuz he wants to play but he's
not playing you know I mean he's not
he's not playing soccer he's playing
something else already early in the
morning the bus is already here oh it's
a rainy one guys make sure you dodge all
the raindrops okay
Ranger I can I love you hi Carson love
you yes it's been such a rough morning
so far Eliza has been unsuitable 11:45
is almost noon usually I'm well on my
way to getting half of my stuff done for
today but I'm behind because the hep
baby alright guys thank you so much for
watching I'm set this camera down will
see all of you right back here tomorrow
