I give up I give up
we're going H&R Block finishing taxes
I'm done messing around sound good to
you I've been wrestling with these taxes
for a couple days now and I've got
pretty much everything in order but it's
the worst thing on the planet and I'm no
place to go that probably can do it
faster than me I probably could have
done my taxes myself but I didn't get
all of my tax information like w2 1099 s
those things are supposed to be sent out
to the employees their benefactors by
January 31st but I didn't get the last
of my information until just a couple
days ago so I don't have time and I
really want to start editing my review
but I'm worried about getting my taxes
done so take to the professionals so I'm
gonna do in the past when I had w-2s
only I always went to H&R Block so
that's the really only place that I know
to go so we're going to H&R Block and I
might be in here for a couple hours but
for you guys it's probably just gonna be
just a split second well in that split
second for you it was actually three
hours to me three hours but it's well
worth it because taxes are done I was
afraid I was gonna have to owe a lot of
money but in fact I actually get a
little bit of money back which is great
so the kids had to come over here cuz
Veronica wanted to go get some stuff
done it's a mall malls house
kids love hanging out with mom all these
kids have been so bad we got to do a
little post school fighting session
ready call
I gotta get you pumped up for soccer
don't think you're getting out of this
I'm gonna get these guys wore out before
soccer I'm already a war on myself
okay okay okay little okay little ones
we got to get ready for soccer we're
gonna come on come on come on I'll tell
you why it's such a relief to have the
taxes done because that is a big giant
burden that I no longer have to worry
about law until next year so now it's I
need to catch up on some stuff around
here I need to get that review video
edited which I'll be working on tonight
can't wait but we got soccer soccer say
with me not excited not at all this
place is alive with football football
everywhere football football the boys
are having a scrimmage today I think I
forgot their jerseys are you having fun
yes Tim Hortons oh yeah 17 yeah you're
doing good yeah he's gonna boot it not
bad huh
kick it hard Carson no he made it good
job dude good job take the corner take
it hard
nice try dude there's two Cheers
Oh
he's a savage he's part of the
Manchester United you did really good
tonight dude high fives
I mean low fives I mean high five I mean
low five every night here we go here we
go here we go yeah oh yeah well the good
Haman's we're gonna make you the
happiest kids in the whole wide world
would you give me big fat hugs and call
me super dad all right looks like we're
gonna hate you in we're gonna super dad
all right here we are as promised the
boys want ice cream
or hot dogs whatever they did such a
good job at soccer practice I mean
football practice it's football 14 plus
the ball
that place was crazy packed what do you
did you guys enjoy your you got a
milkshake yeah no yeah the goalie for
your team yeah would you enjoy your cone
Colin yep yep I forgot we had to come
out through the old grocery store
because fluffy needs food fluffy needs
food I need coffee what do you need
stuff for nothing we got stuff for
lunches I'm trying a new on gourmet
supreme it's dark roast so maybe it'll
last longer I don't need to put as much
inside the filter huh that's cat litter
we don't need that we need what kind of
cat food do we get Colin Oh
what he's just a little cat look Cat
Chow number Cat Chow you said it in the
vlog before Cat Chow for like literally
running through this store because it's
really broken
no brother nags because the boys still
have homework no random stuff the boys
still have homework to do and it's like
8:30 practice only practice lasts till 8
o'clock so we need to do homework and
get you guys in bed by 9:00 yeah yeah
why is this home hi sweetheart this is
what happens when she comes home we all
crowd around her and well guard see
looking back and seeing some of the
older vlogs with her in them well Isis
is gonna grow up and have an army of
gladiators to help protect her I don't
think she's ever gonna get to have a
boyfriend they're gonna be too scared
I missed you with all these boys around
you alright boys it's definitely a
bedtime let's roll if your sister kisses
he's lost it he's lost all control hey
Tara good night night-night
Carson will you to everyone good night
huh
we woke up super late 8:15 bus comes at
8:30 long chest our bus stops are really
cool because we can see the bus from
across the field it has to go the other
way and then come back so we can tell
the buses late or if we're later we can
see the bus goodbye whereshegoes alright
boys hey be good at school
alright I'll see you after I love you
love you love you ma this is the time of
the day where I try and take over for
Veronica so she can finish up getting
some sleep and feed the baby and just
hang out with her oh yeah can you say
good morning oh well the kids are off to
school I'm gonna hang out with the baby
for a little while get some baby time
and showered all that stuff we do have
to finish up our taxes today just go in
and sign and maybe discuss the proper
course of action for next year someone
recommended that I get QuickBooks and do
my financials at the end of every month
with that which i think is a really good
idea and we might probably start doing
that because being self-employed you
have to keep track of that stuff a lot
better so I think that's what we're
going to do and the rest this week with
the exception of Thursday it's supposed
to be pretty nice and we got a lot of
spring cleaning to do
starting with the basement and Veronica
actually started working out doing yoga
and other exercises and I think I'm
gonna join her so I think that's a good
transformation period get this house
clean spring cleaning refresh our living
space and rejuvenate our bodies for the
coming summer months which i think is a
good good plan so I'm gonna set this
camera down for now we'll see all of you
guys my back here tomorrow
you
