haha I was straight savage with it
what's up guys welcome to the live
stream this is a this is a live Q&A with
you how you doing how you been I want
them I want a bowl I want a bowl with
with the a burrito and with the brown
rice and the barbacoa and the fajitas
and the corn salsa do you know what I'm
ordering yet no beans or do I want beans
maybe I do one beings no I don't want
beans do many things are problematic and
reading chats pretty crazy on on youtube
it is oh I want sour cream on it for
sure yes definitely don't want chips
oh yeah yeah I want chips I'm getting to
talk about getting rid of the raspberry
slush really don't get the best out and
make me a plate ha ha hey guys welcome
to live stream sorry I just had to order
some Chipotle that's it Chris you got it
babcom wants extra beats I don't know
I'm not a big fan of beans sometimes I
like being sometimes I don't like beans
and every time I hear someone say beans
Lindsay that's exactly what I say in my
head don't say that loud anymore what
happened your profile pic on the channel
so I had to move my channel to a there's
a brand account on a personal account on
Google
so I had moved to a brand account my
network is making some adjustments and I
was told that that was supposed to
change like that picture was supposed to
go like my old picture was supposed to
follow but it never did
so I'm sitting here wondering if I need
to take a new photo I feel like it's
time for us to update that profile
picture anyways yeah oh my gosh
snow dogs vlogs $5 in the super chat
what's up guys you have any travel or
can't be plans this year VidCon maybe
dares super chat yeah now you know gone
snow dogs Thank You snow dogs lugs thank
you so much um camping plans for sure I
think there was speculation about going
camping next weekend
is that right be nizzle Veronica's out
there sit in the chair I want you guys
to all give her the biggest load of crap
until she comes out here are we going
camping next weekend she has to feed
horses
we'll go camping without you about that
cash me on the campsite how about that
yeah whose house are you in mmm Brian I
miss you
we're in my house dude is Dennis on
Twitch right now dude Dennis is having
the best time ever on Twitch it's
awesome it's so cool to see him get so
excited about that however he's asked me
multiple times about like how do I do
this what do i what do I need to do here
a couple times I couldn't even answer
the question
twitch is hard streaming is tough
there's a lot of technical things you
have to overcome but uh but yeah so
we're doing live Q&A guys I didn't get
to film much yesterday because I went to
I went to do some work with my dad and
it was fun we did some power washing on
his giant driveway and it took us from
like 10 o'clock in the morning until
about 5:00 and by the time I came home
we did in the rain so that time I came
home I was like sniffling and I I feel
like whoo I literally hung out with the
kids watched a movie and then my
ver√≥nica go home which was like 10
o'clock
went to sleep I went to sleep at 10
o'clock last night but yeah
aha Briah right
Bryan has got me in the game of life on
a live stream all right got your ten
right here Brad one Tim I'm definitely
down here you guys can tell you guys can
tell them that I'm doing the push-ups
yeah yeah okay that's about enough of
that Brian you guys know Brian Brian's
brother Mike Brian and his brother Ryan
praying to me probably the best I've
ever been pranked the twitch livestream
will be directly after our live Q&A here
okay Carson there's a bee oh Jesus buddy
Oh is there B I can tell who it's my
snapchat fam it's hilarious do you think
you'll always do whoa Jill al shout out
to you in the chat I wish I don't have a
proper stream set up here but $50 in
super chat everyone shout out to Jill al
hey thank you so much for your support
50 bones goes a long way c-money with
the $2 super chats on fire tonight a
Gilroy what's your favorite movie so AJ
does vlog ah my favorite movie of all
time is avatar I mean I like a lot of
movies but as far as as far as like
storyline and characters and just like
the whole cinematic quality of that
movie is insane I love it and they're
coming out with a new one I don't know
exactly when but they're also creating a
avatar video game open-world
avatar video games to help
that going to be that's gonna be so cool
favorite pizza what's my favorite pizza
I mean pretty standard pepperoni banana
pepper kind of guy
first Andrew Joel Nixon says what's your
favorite bible verse as long as I've
been going to church now I don't think
I've read much of the Bible other than
what they you know what little snippets
they take out for service and stuff but
I mean probably the most memorable one
would be John 3:16 for he so loved the
world that He gave His only begotten Son
that he's whosoever shall believed in
him not perish but have everlasting life
I don't know how I always remember that
Elijah's out here you guys want to see
your Liza come here come here punky come
here punky here she goes
Kevin Layne Loa Loa is still being
developed you guys my I've talked about
it in in my game my gaming live streams
I feel like I've let people tell me that
legends of awesome isn't something that
can work out because the cost to produce
them supersedes the money that we would
be that the money that we would make on
those videos so like because the YouTube
channels financially aren't doing so
well with all the ad boycott and all
that nonsense I personally wouldn't be
able to fund them based on the vlog the
vlog channel so it's just like what I
don't know I don't know what to do I
mean I still have three episodes and I'm
going to create them it's just a matter
of when
we can we be getting the New World War
one its World War two Call of Duty yes
probably I'm excited for another boots
on the ground for sure what is your
snapchat roast - chase underscore Gilroy
and Veronica's is honey what's your
snapchat burn underscore G so messed up
she's got a man huh
Matthew and guys are great love watching
her you so much my day doesn't start
without watching you guys dude thanks so
much I appreciate that I was thinking
today also like something along those
lines like I'm miss uploading every
single day I really do but because of
everything that's happening like I got I
got a house to pay for I got kids to
feed I got I got gas to put my car I got
there's like things you have to pay for
and when something that you do and you
spend your time on every single day
becomes your career and like that's how
you that's how you make your living when
that changes you got to change with it
so like in those off days and those off
days I have to focus on you know
creative side projects and doing stuff
like that
so I can pay for that type of thing
what's the thing throat uh that that's
just my baldie that's some a bold day a
Felco
nice to have you live for the first time
it's awesome favorite video ever posted
the Xbox praying definitely
favorite moments with the kids I think
one of the favorite moments with the
kids was when we sat down and told them
that they were going to have a baby
sister
they were so receptive you know what I
mean they were like they were pretty
stoked a marrow thanks
how long have you been with veronik Anja
we've been together eight years nine
years yeah 2006 right now this this
moment is 11 years Cheers
dang that's a long time yeah but we'll
be married eight years this year
hey here's a sign up for new guys like
get married or have girlfriends whatever
that stuff is like super important to
them so make sure you pay attention to
dates I'm horrible date Oh keep in mind
guys the chat moves so fast if you've
asked a question I miss you just copy
and paste it
once I'm done answering a question paste
it then now what is this money thing on
top
I think Lindsey I think that's super
that's super chat so when you donate or
something like that when you donate
money to super chat your message stays
up there so I think you can click on my
end I can click on it and you could see
like custom message and stuff we ever do
cover songs yes um the Jeremy loops
cover song I'm about to just upload it
because I'm supposed to be setting up a
date to go and meet with someone who's
like a musical user so I can make it
some battle I mean sounds good but as
far as like mixing and stuff I don't
know you guys like to see me in the chat
and you will have a screaming baby in
the background are you going skydiving
with Mama mm-hmm mama'll is a special
lady
what does she want
uh-huh
they're all gone someone came and took
them they are still gone
chill out again with the $50 in super
chat you guys give her some love in the
chat Thank You Jill she said there's a
custom message for the kiddos by Dimitri
hey kiddo hey kiddo
hey kiddos hey kiddos come here right
now come here look right there Jill says
for the kiddos by the new tree she just
hooked you up with 50 bones say thanks
Jill oh my gosh my kids I'm sorry we'll
remember that robots game you wanted oh
you don't get it hey Hamza the suckers
are all gone make early on cupcake foods
on the way I'll do anything to keep the
kid from from cries love to come to
England yes Veronica's older than Brit
ah we get more pets I hope not my dear
God Lindsey smells smells like teen
spirit
what time is a current time 6:17 p.m.
how long you been doing YouTube about
three
three years for 30 years four years I
think four years say poop poop solemn
err solemn urge thanks dude
that's what I'm talking about you see in
twitch when we do our live streams on
Twitch everybody you know when someone
becomes a new follower someone donates
when someone subscribes we all throw mad
love in the chat because we're one big
happy family you know what I mean like
you guys are here as like I don't know I
feel like you're feel like you're part
of the family in some way so it's nice
to be able to come to community where we
all like help support each other and
give love and all that stuff you give
get back what you give right so if
you're spreading positivity and love out
there you're going to get that kind of
stuff back it's all about energy
favorite song I don't have a favorite
song I don't know I love also I love all
music except for country not even a
little bit favorite drink that's e okay
there who was your inspiration to
YouTube well I mean I suppose when
growing up like Roman and I used to I
used to work with him to film the sketch
videos and I mean I don't know Roman was
a big inspiration to me growing up
because he he was the one who you know
was he had the cameras he had the vision
stuff like this was cool to kind of like
be a part of that and sharing that
passion and within that passion grew my
passion so but I think like currently on
top of the game it's got to be Casey man
like
Casey creates videos that I just I like
a lot
I like cases style like how he tells
stories or like all that stuff Col nerd
think I'll start a podcast channel I got
the gear to do that but figuring out how
all that works and where they go it's
something that I'm trying to figure out
and I need a co-host currently looking
for you want to be my podcast co-host
ah sure look at Veronica right now she's
super stressed out by the kids and stuff
no not the kids I'm just pooped your
poop yeah well you're home relax I'm
trying you do ten jumping jacks hey hey
yeah oh that's a great question mark
perfect I don't think we've really ever
talked about that how did ninja almost
kill run how did you even know that by
the way I'm gonna let you answer that
because that that's okay tell the story
so back when I was 12 years old um
gotten into when actually it was yeah we
got a ninja when I was 11 worked with
him started 4-h all that and we went up
to the fair for a week and at the very
end of the fair we have a like a parade
and for the grandstands well I don't
know exactly what happened because I'm
blacked out but ninja pretty much like
rerd up like on his back legs and he
lost his footing on his back legs and he
fell back over on top of me so having a
horse fall on top of you they thought
like from the western saddle horn it
crushed my pelvis and all this so they
life flighted me out of the fairgrounds
to the local Children's Hospital and
everything checked out I was good just
lots of bumps and bruises severe
concussion because the
back of my head was the first thing that
hit the ground luckily it was a dirt
track that we were on she's got that
blue cup right there with a blue um so
yeah that's my little story with ninja
you like my little rendition of my my
horse standing and falls back on me I
guess
I was on fire I know yeah so when I
heard that story it scared me
and it's super incredible that you
didn't even break a bone with that giant
horse I magic and then also she still
has this horse well my family wanted to
immediately get rid of him all right
they they were like he's gone never
having this horse it was he wasn't
intentionally like we don't know exactly
what happened but I don't think he was
doing out of like trying to hurt me and
just freak accident so I told my family
they was never allowed to so on and here
we are and how long does a horse live 20
years later how long could he is he is
21 right now um the horses can live
anywhere to 30 to 50 years
that's crazy
yeah but he's still in good shape like
the did you beat him up haha Mike ones
enough yes straight up if the horse
reared over and fell on top of me first
thing I'd do if I could like move would
be I would kick well he wouldn't know
any better I I couldn't leave the house
for like three weeks like I didn't break
any bones but I was really like stoked
up and bruised like my whole body was
bruised so I couldn't really move around
well yeah uh yeah there it is that's the
horse toward yep chat moves so fast I'm
sorry guys
love people uh looks like a Shahid thank
you thank you Shahid hey Seth he planned
that yeah he's like just wait she keeps
pulling on this rope that's stuck to
these things in my mouth I'll show her
walk in front of everybody Anthony I
know you're the one who won the Apple TV
I remember I've always remembered for
some reason I always see you in the
comments and I'm like dings he's still
around that's awesome do you use your
Apple TV often because I know that is
one thing we use a lot yeah we use ours
on five Joe loves my British accent you
know James makes fun of me because
sometimes he says I turned into the the
London cab driver good eye but - we are
yeah - we all Cabana more like that
how are the kids uh how are the kids -
vices - Carson is eight and Colin is
nine yeah Marcus who won the giveaway
are you talking about the pivot head
glasses because that won't be announced
until the next review that should be up
Monday of this week yeah I gotta get
back on the horse quite literally
chase your dreams
come here on me Oh was it come here hi
look everybody the funny thing is
Eliza's had a nap and everything and
she's she's crazy
Oh comes out out to you two dollars two
dollars super chat donation thanks so
much men you inspired teach a young 16
youtube channel really may have a look
let's see
eight months ago I'll have to check out
some of your stuff dude I always like to
see what what you guys are coming up
with as a creator myself I love in you
know I like persuading other people to
exercise their creativity and come up
with some cool stuff so it's nice to see
you though it's nice to see you guys put
your put your brains to work Christian I
see you no more sad faces alright yeah
Mike nope no vlog today I was I still I
am feeling like crap
but I couldn't go without having you
guys in my life today what's the best
advice you could give about life in
general
hmm
how about this find your passion early
on something that I always come back to
is like how much time I wasted
discovering what I was passionate about
so like if you think about we all
probably know somebody who in school
like didn't know what they wanted to be
as far as I you know when your teacher
says what do you want to do and some of
us know right away but some of us don't
like some of us don't really know what
we want to do like and I feel like that
was me for the longest time so like you
go through high school still not knowing
what you want to do and then you'll go
just because like that seems to be the
path that's laid out you'll go to
college but you still don't know like
what you want to do you don't know what
you want your your your occupation to be
so you start taking your like
prerequisite courses and all that stuff
it takes experience like you'll
experience things throughout your life
you'll see something that sparks your
interest you'll watch somebody doing
something that they love to do and
you'll be like I want to try that and
it's all about trial and error stuff
like that so you would it would it would
benefit you greatly to figure out as
early on as you can find out what you
love to do and don't waste any time
just trying to I don't know how to say
like you just want to waste any time
because I I've gone through like many
jobs that wasn't what I wanted to do I
didn't realize that I was so passionate
about creating video and it took me not
knowing what I wanted to do in high
school to figure out that once I got
into college I still didn't know what I
wanted to do and then I took an online
course right my online course was in
graphic design like I have a degree in
graphic
design but that course led me to take a
photography class and once I took that
photography class I was like yup I love
this like I love messing with cameras I
love taking pictures and I love all that
stuff and then through getting to know
the camera so well like the DSLRs you
can shoot amazing video on a DSLR so
through not knowing what I wanted to do
to finding out like I liked using
computers I'll just do graphic design to
having kind of force myself into a
photography class then using photography
to find video it's it's the it's it's
strange I like you kind of weave in and
out of life not knowing what you want to
do until finally you find that passion
that you're that you're crazy about so
my my advice would be to try and find
that passion as early as possible just
figure out what you love to do and then
find a way to do that because that's the
only way you're going to be truly happy
trust me you don't want to work in
fast-food when you're 25 years old and
they'll be like what the heck am I doing
with my life oh it's a so that that
that's a good piece of life advice that
I can give you guys find your passion
find it fast what was your favorite
subject in school actually in high
school we had it and it was the first
year that they ever started it we did I
forget what they called it but it was
basically a video production class and
in that class we were in charge of
creating live broadcasts of the morning
announcements that went on everybody's
TV screen in every classroom in the
entire school and we all took turns in
each different position and I don't know
if I should tell that story it's a bit
it's a bit messed up but I remember one
time when we are when when I was Talent
so I was the guy on camera
and we're reading the teleprompter and
the dude behind the dude behind us that
was kind of like playing as the director
he I don't know if I should tell you
it's so bad um let's just say he was
distracting there was two of us
he was distracting us with his member
and the acrobatics that he can do with
it yeah yeah again I'll never forget
that guy actually it's burned into my
brain to be honest did you make the
final 25 so on the Adobe I did not
unfortunately I did not make the final
cut now you guys can't I did a
livestream because I didn't know how to
I like it's copyrighted music so I
didn't know how to show it without
getting like a copyright strike on
YouTube so let me see if this work you
can go to my facebook page if that link
works you go to my Facebook page
I don't know if that's clickable just go
to my Gilroy blog Facebook page and I
did a live stream and I'm pretty sure
I'm pretty sure you can watch it with
some clarity but turned out really good
and everyone was like oh my gosh you
should have at least my 25 but didn't
make the cut so I want to take the time
to say hi from your wife's bed that's a
bit creepy dude
extreme vlogger news subscribed and like
oh thank you so much what did you want
to be when you were a child when I was a
kid I always told myself that I wanted
to direct a major motion picture so ever
since I was young I guess I had the
interest in in creating video but a
major motion picture like that's a
serious
I sent your important email okay I will
check I can't sing any songs today I
have a horrible thing throat thing
Patrice do your memory not off the top
of my head I'm sorry
reviewing you thank you it's funny when
you talk to a lien well general ah give
me another good question
I can only donate in pounds there's a
transplant $1 Joe I'm not sure about
that I don't know
Oh Damo llama so yeah one of the things
I was working on lately and I mentioned
to the kids and they seem to be super
interested was creating some gaming
videos for them as you know they like
they really like video games and they're
they're pretty they're pretty stoked
about roblox and roblox seems to be I
don't know if roblox is like passing
minecraft in popularity but they want
they want to try and do that so we were
going to ask your feedback do you want
to see the kids do some gaming videos
and I'm pretty sure you guys would be
like oh yeah of course yeah sure dream
car uh I would really like to drive that
accurate and sx that we saw at that
Detroit Auto Show if you guys remember
that vlog that was a sweet car hmm
how it will do wish you were and stay
like that I would be I don't know ages
ages wisdom so I like having wisdom but
the physical limitations of age so so
I'd say I would say at least uh 25 into
anything exciting this summer any
collaborations I don't know D Cobb
because of the unstable the unstable
environment of YouTube I'm not sure I'm
not sure where to go with it like I'm
not sure where to go that currently I'm
putting a lot of focus on capturing
opportunities to build my business
outside of YouTube and you know just
like growing a YouTube channel building
a business is also time consuming and it
takes time doesn't just happen overnight
mark page is freelance stuff
actually uh Rob it's funny say that the
guy that the guy that put the tires on
my Jeep he his kids are into BMX racing
as well so we talked about going to
wherever it is they ride and creating
big because I want to do I want to get
some some compilation footage of all
kinds of stuff and BMX footages is one
of the things on a gap where's my
girlfriend Maddie
Maddie's at home yeah see money
roblox needs to be monitored I've heard
about that actually hey Trudy what is
the worst of being a youtuber I don't
know if that um I don't know being a
youtuber is is definitely fun it's a lot
of fun it's a privilege like to be able
to do what you're passionate about
it's a privilege but if I had to pick
the worst thing before I stopped doing
daily vlogs and say you don't have nail
like when I was daily vlogging I've
never worked harder in my life like
every day you wake up for me I would
edit in the morning so I've added in the
mornings hurry up and get that done I
upload I'd have to monitor the entire
upload process until it was live and
make sure everything went well and then
I'd start filming another vlog and I'd
go until it was time to go to sleep and
then do it all again so like there's no
vacation there's no time off you just go
grind it there's a there's parts of that
I like and that parts of that where I
kind of wish like you know sometimes we
just need to take a day off oh yeah yeah
merge sites down under redevelopment oh
my gosh Eliza
thanks Tony are you going to VidCon I'm
not sure Mia not sure about that do the
gaming video
you got laptop who said that chat moved
left top or computer
I'm working at KFC and I'm playing hi
it's all good records you'll get there
man Louise messaging me Oh someone's in
the office what's your favorite sport ah
skateboarding when I come to Netherlands
I don't know hello from Houston I'll be
coming to Texas at some point not sure
when or why can't tell you yet but
gameboy games are more new to the videos
and I subscribe thank you so much
chica Phil yes chase chase GCSEs these
days how do we send stuff in the mail
xayide there is a link in the
description not like address
I'd love to come to Ireland and the
Netherlands and the UK
remember the mail I said your vlogs like
drugs my dream job I'm doing it Devin I
am doing it creating videos what I love
to do I think
Veronica's going better machines to take
care of lies Eliza's lies is out of
control
would you sell you YouTube channel for
five million dollars no dude no I would
not
these are my memories thanks Pluto
Veronica what's your dream car yeah
what's your dream car gone fishing
Eliza's not taping actually she does
have one tooth still on its way what's
your dream car you've never thought
about it dear God if you say honda pilot
but if you had unlimited dollars okay so
you want to hang 1,000 Ozzie what if you
could close your eyes and you could be
sitting in any car right now what would
it be
Lou
she doesn't know mm-hmm she doesn't know
I will check it Gone Fishing uh problem
is Dell your best friend no I hate Dell
or Windows computers period
how's Colin doing at school to bullies
actually really good try and say Harry
in an English accent Harry Harry
is it a 69 Dodge Charger is that your
green car
Tesla driverless yes
the Tesla 3 is supposed to be announced
soon actually that's funny you mentioned
because I was watching some stuff on
Elon Musk today what a visionary right
what did your dream car is a Ford Raptor
okay that's right everybody needs to hit
that like button yeah smash that thumbs
up for us guys engagement is of the
number-one priority now on YouTube so
when you watch videos like you know
super chat is a way to support like
donations is a great way to support the
creators especially with ad revenue as
it is but the simplest thing to do if
you have ad block turn that stuff off
when you're watching your favorite
creators engagement like it costs you
nothing to hit the like button share it
with a friend and even put a little
comment down below that stuff is super
important so if you're not as hardcore
to go through like like Jill up top put
that $50.00 bones right there which is
awesome you don't have to do that but
the best thing to do is just support us
on YouTube by engaging with the content
if you just watch a video and you don't
click the like button or comment or
anything like that like your telling you
to basically I don't like this video and
that sucks because when someone searches
up you know whenever we're suggested in
the search and no one engages with it we
pretty much get lost you know
so engagement is key engagement
engagement engagement cakes and pies
cakes and five you got to do it even if
you don't like to even if you hit the
dislike video that's still engaged knack
that's still engaging what happened to
the Adobe comp o AG near us you missed
it uh I didn't make it I suck
I'm the worst editor on the planet I
always hit the like button but never get
a response Christian we don't know who
hits the like button we just see how
many people that block his life
Azzam this is the vlog I don't know
anything about the France election I do
want to do a meet-up this summer I think
that would be nice
we've come a long way I think it's time
to do something like that I might try
and coordinate it with that zip line
place in Ohio because that would be
that'd be so fun that is a lot of fun
David shout to you in the chat with this
super chat $2 donation thank you so much
it says good job chase hope your career
goes well thank you so much bring back
game 9 is Colin Carson one out of Chevy
Reaper why not one of those Dodge demons
huh fastest production car ever made
oh yeah
you should do a bucket list
not buona sera not Bonjour no okay I
don't think YouTube will ever go out of
style like by very unlikely
it's the biggest video platform on the
internet in the world one the gaming
channel that we have that I stream on is
on Twitch which will be playing I think
tonight we're going to go back to wild
land so if you guys want to watch some
gameplay and another livestream format
you can go over to my twitch channel
here in just a little bit
it's twitch.tv forward slash Gilroy
gamer we also have the same amount of
fun over there
how about the Dodge Hellcat Oh Scotty's
been telling me about the Hellcats he
lost him how you learn about cameras and
Eddie I just do I've done it I've done
I've dealt with cameras for over a
decade so I'm just passionate about it
you know I like dogs demons of lapa I'm
just passionate about it but when you're
passionate about something you figure
out every single thing about it so I've
learned everything there is to know
about cameras and I still don't know all
there is to know about editing I'll take
a GTR how are the cats oh they're great
they're fantastic girl player we have
two dogs three three kids we have three
cat four cats
technically yeah I've seen flashy over
there she's kind of like she's abandoned
us since we kicked the inside cat
outside yeah she's like me Fluffy's
outside now
Fluffy's been bad very bad
Tania I can't sing today I have a
horrible voice riff are aah
I'll let you know the cat was the cat
all right so the litter box is fully
accessible and it was clean you know
cats don't really like it if the cat box
isn't clean I'm telling you the cab box
is clean fully accessible in the cat
kept trying to figure out where it needs
to go not in in the house like in the
house like in the kids room or on the
floor in the bathroom like no it
happened four or five times and then
finally I was like
ya know uh shout-out to la da la da la
da I'm sorry I'm sorry Dolph I said that
wrong from Norway keep up the good work
thank you so much 100 I do not recognize
that currency what do you call that
Norwegian is that Norwegian dollars I'm
an idiot I'm sorry
NOK thank you so much and Megan from
Oswego thank you so much five dollars in
super chat cause we're so so kind of
Lexi thoughts on Canon t5i great starter
camera okay it has manual settings and
if you get into DSLR like if if you're
if you're breaking it what I'm using my
webcam if you're breaking away from
traditional like consumer cameras point
shoot cameras to a DSLR use manual
settings everybody who buys a DSLR tends
to just put it on auto because it takes
great pictures but challenge yourself
use manual settings I'm going to do a
video on the review channel soon how to
do understanding
ISO aperture and shutter speed because
you have to know all three of those
things take a great photo
t5i is a great camera having a kit lens
is nice but get yourself a nice 50 Prime
and practice practice focusing your 50
prime F 2.8 will give you that nice like
blurry background so practice with it
seriously I have a $5 in super chat love
your honest fun flaming honest fun
family vlog thank you so much thank you
so much all the Norwegian krone okay
thank you thank you level Norwegian
krone honey n okay is Norwegian krone
that's the currency I like it thanks a
little I put your name right too
I left 100 Norwegian krone equals $11 46
okay thanks guys
oh yes I have heard about doctor trying
to super chat help out us I'm not sure
how to instruct you how to do super chat
down below there's oh like in the chat
right below where you can type something
there's the smile emoji and then there's
that super chat dollar sign thing um I
suppose that's how it works
hey Brian say to me my name is Brian
Brian Smith is here Brian Smith is here
honey
Jeff I was talking to a guy the other
day come and come to find out Veronica
used to babysit him
they grew up neighbors did you babysit a
guy honey that was your neighbor
Jeff William says I was talking to the
guy the other day to come to find out
Veronica I used to babysit him they grew
up neighbors no no I'm not sure Andrea
with the two pounds and the super chat
thank you so much dude maybe that's him
maybe that's him ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Bob Muhammad does Vanessa work at the
small store
yes she runs I hear ya
 your dog so bad no the dogs are
amazing ever since ever since we put
that wireless fence up they don't even
need to have their collars on anymore
they know the boundary and they don't
cross it they do which is kind of great
because we can litter I let them out in
the morning I get the kids ready and
take them to the bus they don't go
anywhere
Hamzah shout out yoga as Veronica seen
Heartland I don't know who's your barber
his name's Jeremy I need to go see him
Oh Andy I was going to go see John and
the new baby but I have a cold so I
don't want to like I I don't want to get
the baby sick opinion about Donald Trump
if I could say in one word arrogant
that's all I'd like to say about that
and that's all a lot to say about that
does the Canon t5i take a video I'm not
sure I'm pretty sure it has BMO
oh thanks Nana Thank You Nana oh my gosh
I'm songs living dynamic what's up
random Hannah
shoutout ellis shoutout to you Marvin
Shanna
no there's there's so much parenting
going on I am sick I've got a cold
okay listen straight up
it's seven o'clock I don't usually start
my live streams on Twitch this late but
I got Taco Bell Oh what I had to get on
here and hang out with you guys today
since there's no a clue Cole Tanner
that's awesome nice I like that weird
they're good Andrew I sent the Doritos
you didn't like I'd like dumb I liked
them I just said they tasted different
but I liked him
that was the uh what was that flavor
called I like all Doritos I don't care
where they came from they kinda got the
garage cleaned up there's still little
pieces of things falling out of the
rafters from when we did the popper
can you please your mom Arash this is my
first time seeing you I only mod like
extreme regulars check out my youtube
armand tarik check him out guys
i shall call you maps
I know we got Mexican food dan it's me
can you yeah
Chipotle's Mexican food right no not
really I don't think it today would be
the perfect day when we were filming uh
when we were filming the movie in
California JP took us to literally on
the side of a road little shanty right
and these these folks were in there
cooking the best most authentic Mexican
food I'd ever tasted and he put like
jalapeno sauce on it for me oh so good
okay so so that's going to conclude our
live Q&A guys I really appreciate you
coming and hanging out with us on the
live streams you guys being here
following the journey being huge
supporters it just really does it does
mean the world to me so thank you guys I
will be streaming live on Twitch and
just a little bit it is
my convictions twitch.tv /yo roy gay me
if you guys care to make it and be super
cool we're going to play in a Tom
Clancy's wildlands it's good it's a good
all right I love you
we'll see you guys again soon I'm
Veronica come say bye
don't be ready go change good to my
Gilroy blog Facebook page you watch that
video coming and chatting and supporting
bye
love you guys Colin you want to say bye
lies you want to say bye to everyone
dare you to lift up and carry Madison oh
good
alright guys adios we'll see you next
time
