alright guys welcome to Monday I don't
know what to expect I just know we're
going to spend a lot of freaking money
today yeah we think about that Eliza
what do you think about that deer in
headlights here we go first stop we have
to go to the police station to get the
release from the impound lot
I'm also also kind of afraid to figure
out how much that's gonna cost
I'm gonna put a wager on it nothing it's
gonna be something like 170 bucks we'll
go in here to get our registration
hopefully they don't say something like
mr. Gilroy we're gonna need you to have
your old friend straighten and then I'm
gonna be like but it's in my car in the
impound I do apologize mr. Cale Roy but
nah we're gonna need that old
registration the impound lot won't let
you in I can see how this day's gonna go
in Kalmar anyway we had leave the police
station because they wouldn't get give
us the release until we had the new
registration oh yeah I forgot to mention
that the dispatcher there was like yes
mr. Gilroy do you have your updated
registration I'm like no I'm gonna go
get that as soon as you release my
vehicle then I can go to the impound lot
and get it I'm sorry mr. Gilroy but
you're gonna have to have that
registration right there it is that
right there is what all this fuss is
about
actually if you've ever been to a DMV
it's a nightmare but we actually just
had a pleasurable experience well I
think then the guy that waited on us you
super nice super nice kid yeah really
white teeth yeah did you know that yes
the whitest teeth are single like on a
boat station back to the black black
black to the police I gotta mention this
before we move on the initial cost of
this situation eighty one dollars and
fifteen cents to 2582 twenty five
realize that we don't want to go to the
police station get the car back on an
empty stomach we got a stop at
Veronica's favorite joint Chipotle this
should be interesting with the baby this
time
a lot of action enjoy it
I can't finish mine let's try this again
try what again go pick a police
department the fees are mounting
probably just brought something to my
attention that really really makes me
angry right on this road where that
orange building is right there probably
50 yards back that way is where I
actually got pulled over last night and
right here is the impound lot where they
took my car
$70 tophi to bring my car 300 yards down
the road I'll put the sticker on look
this is where they put all the misfit
cars who get in trouble this is like
vehicle detention and there she is baby
and she's free get the heck out of here
what a headache what a nightmare
beautiful it's like 75 and my boys are
home how's school have a little snacky
snack mm-hm yeah ice cream sandwich
padrone you guys ever had hot choco
tacos oh my gosh it's windy or the boys
have soccer practice and I have a giant
stack this is all my bank statements for
the year and I need to go through every
single month every transaction and
figure out what I paid for what so I can
figure out all my deductions and I have
I literally only have two days to get it
done so I have to really get what let's
do this in soccer time
yeah you're right over there wait now
your practice one Mikey mom got to
schools what did the other team get 15
what'd you do Carson I was trying to
keep the plan existed
tomorrow I'll be able to spend more time
with you guys for practice but I have to
get taxes done we have to the deadline
is is not tomorrow but the next day that
would be Wednesday come home from school
kids gotta have snack I got soccer
practice
they got homework and I told them
there's no more videos or video games
until every day they have their rooms
picked up toys in the yard picked up and
any toys that they carry and dragged out
down here picked up we're trying to get
some accountability going and they're
not happy with it well well would you
look who's home not again today honey
I'm done with this page but I need okay
I'm ready
I'd rather no that's fine
you did good you did two days worth of
homework in one day which is perfectly
fine fine I'm done
up high down low too slow your hand says
so much oh I got you boy it's just a
nightmare taxes if you if you do your
own taxes then you know where I'm coming
from taxes so bad so we're gonna cut
things off for now
you'll get some rest time to set this
old camera down you'll see all you guys
right back here
you
