alright guys let's hit it
day 2 of filming our review for these
phone cases we're gonna try and knock
this out today and get everything done
boys you having fun playing games yep
honey you're gonna be okay without me
yeah you look so good behind that camera
dude
hey you know I'm working focus you're
doing good I like it ish no you're gonna
get this I'm training set to become the
caliber of cameraman that I am you can't
it's not easy right no it's gonna take
some time we just discovered this camera
had one of my 64 gig cards in it and it
is a class 10 30 Meg's per second right
speed but we just had to switch it out
because it keeps stopping recording and
use my 80 Meg's per second right speed
and hopefully that uh I mean we just
tested it's good so let's continue I
decided to let Seth do some of the tests
so I can run the camera cuz I love
running camera you're doing good Seth
act or get it right this is the test for
all those numbskulls who put their phone
on top or on the trunk of their car and
forget and drive off with it still on
there now we're moving on to our last
location which is where we will be doing
the most extreme test for this video and
you see me do something like this before
but this time it's real it's probably
can't see it from here but that way over
there is a huge
basket building it's like a basket long
and burger basket company it's pretty
cool
they make baskets
that's the people
turn see who makes the best turkey do a
monkey here's my monkey do a cow a cow
what about a horse a horse here's my
horse guys I am so high right now I'm
freaking out I don't even know what to
do look down Seth I'm so scared oh okay
I mean look really yeah he said this is
falling down three times this spot right
here is our impact zone and we're trying
to decide where the best place is gonna
be to set the phone because if you
remember a while back I did a video
where I blew up a phone and admit it was
fake this time it's a hundred percent
for real no joke you can believe it if
you want but this is 100% for real we're
gonna really put this phone to the test
and see if it will survive an explosion
I'm not sure it's gonna survive what are
your thoughts
good who's gonna shoot the target we all
know I'm a horrible aim and I can admit
that but I'm gonna give it a shot if I
can hit those little spinning targets
then I get to fire at the exploding
target your one shot yep you hit it then
you get to fire where'd you do me the
owners
Oh swinging a Miss we got five bullets
well now we have four yeah this is all
the cameras are rolling
I did my spiel and went back behind the
other camera and Seth fired one round
you had one round in there and click ran
out of bullets did you get some more
bullets Buffy
I I got some more how many well I got I
got a lot okay good good good and you're
gonna have to actually go up that hill
for me did I think I'd be better off
just taking these back out throwing the
whole lot you can say it that's a wrap
folks that's a wrap take this mic off me
I'm done I'm so done you did good dude
I was rough except for destroy it tooks
at the few rounds to actually hit the
target but I mean I can't say I'd have
done any better it's in the bag a pretty
awesome test video I think with with
some really extreme tests and some
actual you know normal tests I think the
guys at shield x2 are really gonna like
it
this is the case shield x2 plus it's a
pretty solid case and I think one of the
most unique things about it is that it
has a 1-year hassle-free protection plan
well I mean it's like this it's 60 bucks
for the case but if if the phone breaks
while inside the case they'll replace
the phone for you for free and the on
the back the conditions are a processing
fee of 25 bucks but $25 compared to if
your service provider wants to get you a
new phone because you're broke
it it's gonna cost you at least 200
bucks so I think spending 60 bucks is a
good investment it's crystal clear so
you can see right through it it's not
really fancy or personable but it's a
good case and it'll protect your phone
I've tried it okay that's not a good way
to end the day apparently my
registration is expired I don't know how
they can tell that just by looking at
Sun right but the car is going to be
impounded so guys let this be a lesson
to you this fine gentleman is gonna give
me a ride back home which you really
didn't have to do but pay for your
registration
we'll see this guy later Veronica this
is your fault
the Honda is registered to Veronica it's
in her name the jeeps in my name did you
get more River and get the Jeep
impounded no why not cuz in my men get
pulled over I I wasn't speeding he said
I wasn't speeding you just they were
speed trapping and they flagged my car
because they ran the plates I guess I
don't know how they do that how do they
run the entire line of traffic's is
plates to know if everyone's
registration is good yeah how does that
happen that's a highly sophisticated
system that I want my hands on telling
you what the system is we learned a
valuable lesson today yes and that is
you get your registration renewed when
it's time to renew it
I'm good for all thank you
join the attention from unity you are
arrested
I didn't I do not get arrested and did
not get arrested you were in a cop car
I was in the back of a cop car but by my
own terms
I wanted to talk about real quick what
did you learn today soon
I learned to really appreciate your art
filmmaking and it is not freaking easy
it's not I had not even joking still
here yeah I'm tired sunburned
my brain ain't working you're yelling at
me
the kids are hitting me I can't shoot a
gun straight to save my life
that's a lot of things well you did well
here's the thing like I'm glad that seth
has the motivation yeah he wants to
learn filmmaking and he's passionate
about it and I love teaching so I'm
really glad that I can help you like if
I trained you to be a cameraman of
caliber Gil then that benefit smoking my
opinion I'll get all the girls what did
you learn today ani say something about
getting the tags
I did I was going there that's the road
I was going down
yeah well lesson learned baby lies is
happy man nice you look good today I
tried man good job
sorry thanks for your help you guys need
to go watch sets blog so you can see
what we did today another perspective
Oliver he didn't he was he was busy
getting his butt written by me
Anika's like do this do this do this how
about we turn it off so you can say bye
to your friends cleaning the mess you
know that's all right though yeah good
point
I'm gonna tell you what my son I can't I
don't know if you can see it or not but
my neck is so red I got serious sunburn
over the past two days
and I'm totally whoops from going up and
down that hill tomorrow we have
certainly a mess to clean up with the
BMB DMV and all that stupid nonsense so
we're gonna get some rest time to set
this camera down had enough fun for one
day we'll see all of you right back here
tomorrow
