what's up guys it's filmed a my favorite
days our film days today we're doing the
test on the shield x2 phone case pretty
excited about it cuz this one's gonna be
way outside the box my buddy cells
helping me out with it so Seth is
helping me out with it and yeah this is
gonna be fun what up said I guess hey
boy hey done yeah you seeing you for a
while yeah grey have some fun today well
no no I don't want to have any fun ice I
just won't be serious and not laugh okay
oh you got a little teeny tiny little
tripod dinner multichannel tripod thing
there this is due to such a beautiful
day out and we're shooting this review
outside where it's nice we've set up
this little test table here this is
going to be a different kind of review I
don't want to explain too much because I
want you guys to actually watch the
review I think it's gonna be really
really cool but uh we're gonna do some
standardized testing here at this spot
and then later we're gonna move into
some more extreme testing yeah good
before I can't wait for this you know
DSLRs don't always have the best audio
recording capabilities and I have a
really nice rode lavalier mic and
unfortunately for now I just have this
task am dr 07 mark to it's a really
decent field recorder so I'll Mike
myself with this and record sound
separately and set up this camera with
the shotgun mic so that I have a decent
audio track to sink to but the audio be
recorded separately for every single
clip which is kind of a nightmare and
post but it makes for better it's better
it's better that way we just finished
filming a couple of the intermediate
tests one of which and I know you're
thinking hammer test intermediate but
check this out I hit this sucker with a
hammer look at that it's the
is cracked but look at the phone perfect
no scratch still works everything's
flawless don't get sirs it's time to get
serious it's time to get extreme all
right you've seen drop tests for phones
and phone cases and any other type of
fragile product before but not like this
we're gonna take it to the extreme
hahaha let's get the cameras dude for
that Hills rough that pulls you in
rougher climbing up that oh so we're all
done for today I wish we could have
finished everything but our drop test
didn't go exactly as planned but still I
think it's gonna make for a decent
testimonial for this case just imagine
dropping a phone from 20 feet I'll tell
you uh I got thorns on my finger Seth
taking a BP City take a pee-pee shake it
yeah boy by sad love you as always the
gill is running late we have got to
hurry up and get a room
you wanna sneak peek so chef at would
you want to sell its what's on the menu
well for room while we're doing some
burgers oh we're not ready yet Wolf Wolf
mean mmm these are good man you can't
beat a good set of grill marks to your
grass fed you know organic he's a no GMO
this is this the real deal here it we're
we got here this is the seasoning that's
that McCormick spicy yeah yeah this
spicy Montreal steak I'm gonna tell you
what best thing you can put on steak or
burgers right here it's crazy they pay
yourself yeah baby lies is getting in
some fish tank time we think honey is
that cool Oh huh no she won't talk to us
yet she just says
this is the centerpiece of the house
isn't it this fish tank to making
everyone a blue-faced mm-hmm no matter
how much fun we're having at the party
everything stops when this girl's got a
wetback huh huh baby how big be hurry
bottle maker risky they can't even see
him serious oh wait you think about that
Livi so awesome yeah she's buried
should we tell them we're leaving always
be 0 0 bye guys see ya bye Kathy happy
birthday dad how old is he 50 49 happy
49 by now we're back at Scott's tonight
because we're trying to finish one of
the tests for the let me just give you a
hand
get it
yeah we just did a couple pre-tests and
uh I don't know about this one this one
might be a little too extreme I don't
know I think I might have to get the
drawing board again cuz this is gonna
instead of not doing anything now I
think we'll just enjoy our time by the
fire it's been too long oh yeah yeah
yeah I'll be right there I gotta go move
my Jeep look all my kids back here
passed out I remember a time not so long
ago where I look back in there was only
two but now there's three everyone's
going to bed I'm thoughtful to suit
because look it's twelve o'clock we're
getting back on this video tomorrow
morning me and Seth so I need to get
some sleep and make an awesome video
tomorrow so thank you guys so much for
watching I really appreciate join me
suppose it's time set this camera down
you'll see all of you right back here
