Oh laugh at me have you ever heard of a
sinus rinse or a neti pot right that's
what that is yeah this poor veronica's
nose is so clogged it sucks she can't
take decongestant anything she has
technically a sinus infection but you
can't take decongestant there she's
breastfeeding look at this nonsense
oh she's literally piping water in the
ones I ever noses it's coming out her
other side of her nose in her mouth I'm
having some nachos for lunch nachos and
cheese with salsa trying to get the vlog
edited since we did that gameplay
there's a lot of there's a lot of
synchronizing between two video clips
and audio so it's taking me longer than
expected I'm so glad you're home with me
today honey
yeah number one we can get a few things
done know what to do hmm excuse me
number two I love seeing your face and
number three love that girl you're so
cute
and number four shut the front door
and number five go outside stay alive
I'm done what are you about to do to
this boy what do you mean what's wrong
with it well it's not faded it's just
cut and then long all right Collin hold
your breath
last time mommy did this to me she cut
my ear and it was telling Matt yeah five
weeks it bled I'm serious
I'm just tired of doing these taxes stop
oh stop doing taxes take a break come on
come outside I show I'll show you
something I got the Easter Bunny brought
the boys these I forgot they're called
Oh persons born Pete will just come out
and Carson obviously just what Pete but
they are called the original super
balloon took this thing out Chum Carson
that's a super balloon bounce it oh my
you can kick it you can bounce it you
can throw it bounce it Colin Wow
you got me stick I'm stuck between two
giant super balloons Oh different that
looks like a whole different day then
what started you know you know what I
mean
Veronica talked me into getting off my
computer stop doing the taxes so we I
don't know I'll make that decision when
I go outside yeah it's pretty windy and
I don't wanna I only use charcoal to
cook out on the grill because I think
the flavor of charcoal is way better
than anything so it's too windy I can't
cook on the grill to cook inside but
either way we're having hamburgers and
hot dogs and my buddy Seth is coming
over for the cookout how awesome is that
Seth and his whole family that's gonna
be a houseful screaming kids promise you
won't be as quiet as is right now check
out this box whoops you think we'll ever
need wipes for the rest of the month
that's 504 wipes for that but my
goodness thanks for making dinner for me
honey oh you're welcome
now it's your turn to say thanks for
buying it I went to Kroger to get stuff
for a cookout because Seth was gonna
come over but during checkout when I
already got the food
he was like can't make it you got to go
to my mom's so I decided well we'll save
that for tomorrow and do just this we
love those things there's little
rotisserie chickens they're super good
what do you guys want to do say art this
evening I just
come on let's play video games what do
you want to do watch videos what do you
want to do I don't know
told you guys this week we were shooting
the review for these phone cases I got
and I'm gonna do a super awesome test
video on these phones you are gonna flip
so I have this look I stood this
computer on my desk I was supposed to
meet with a guy on Thursday but it
didn't happen so I'm waiting but I got
these phone cases and they're supposed
to be indestructible right and I'm going
to film the review tomorrow but before I
do that I need to kind of I need to kind
of get a good feel for what I can do for
this video hey buddy hey buddy so I'm
gonna go to my buddy Scott's house and
we are going to test this case before I
actually test the case what me and Skye
are getting ready to go into the garage
the old garage and see what we can do
with this phone what do you mean I was
thinking I think I was just like drop it
oh crap crap dude
perfectly good yeah yeah dude there's
drop number one test number two we're
gonna shoot it haha I mean what if you
just like toss it Scott what you're
supposed to catch it dude yeah see you
dust it off I've got some scratches but
the phone it's perfectly safe under
there dude
screen protector on to it oh you dropped
it careful with my iPhone dude mm-hmm
we're going to run this thing over with
a car or something now I know you're
thinking Gilroy how dare you throw
around this super expensive device well
there's a perfectly good explanation for
that and that is this is a test product
you have to do this we need to know the
truth and in the name of science we have
to do these things it's okay look mr.
Scott wants to go on vacation
fantasy fast
Keywest oh no no that seems I don't know
if I could paint my body that way so
happens time flies when you're catching
up with old friends I'm tired good
morning
it was a play Minecraft this is what
they do on Saturday mornings they wake
up super early long before we do and
play video games I'm trying to get
everything ready for this test video and
I'm really pumped about it because for
one we're going outside of the studio
cuz I still have this computer all tore
up over here I got an iPhone 6 and a
Galaxy Note 4 that we're gonna be doing
the tests with hopefully I don't
completely destroy the phones because
that's not the purpose of the video I
need these cases to protect them so this
is gonna be the most ultimate test of
whether or not these cases can last I'm
telling you it's gonna be a lot of fun
doing it two bags packed here got my
camera bag there tripod everything's
ready to film I'm just waiting on set to
get in touch with me so we can go and do
this we've got a lot to do today guys a
lot
one of those is me editing this blog so
I get up for you so we got to end it
here sorry it may be a little short
uneventful but sometime
you get long vlogs sometimes you get a
short vlog that's just the way it is so
I got to set this camera down and get
some stuff done guys thank you so much
for watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
