what's up guys dude it is a stormy nasty
me-ouch
yeah look look over that way if I hold
it here long enough you'll see lightning
I decided today that I'm not putting any
gel on my hair no product I'm gonna
leave it because my face is breaking out
it's awful I can't take it I'm freakin
32 years old I shouldn't have breakouts
anymore yeah I'm waiting on the kids to
get off the bus and then we're gonna go
take care of some errands
number one mmm I'm kind of embarrassed
to say this but I still haven't mailed
out that Garmin camera that we gave away
so I need to go do that you need to pay
a cheap payment and later on we're gonna
do fan mail so I gotta go to the post
office and check the mail so I can get
all the fan mail and one video holy cow
there's my boys here's another storm
coming in the one that was the one that
was going by while we're at the bus stop
barely missed us this one that one right
there whew
it's so stormy today because it's it's a
warm it's very warm look I'm in a
t-shirt 74 degrees outside so mother
nature says when getting off that easy
there you go Pratt family your cameras
on the way good it's still open I was
worried that this place would be closed
it took forever to get across town this
town isn't on a drive when it rains like
they've never seen rain before there's a
lot of it California I'm sorry I wish I
could send you some h2o because if it's
plenty over here Veronica told me that
the trampoline because of those high
winds I shared you in the car the
trampoline has been displaced not
misplaced
but displaced let's go check it out even
my yard is flooded my yard never floods
what is this garbage look at the
trampoline oh my gosh oh top part broke
off well now we're gonna try and move it
guys I'm walking around my house and I
look down and I'm like look at all these
clovers look at all these clovers I was
like how lucky would it be if I found a
four-leaf clover well boom got one
that's awesome poorly I'm lucky this
thing's awesome so pretty when it blooms
I really want to set up like a
time-lapse of I don't know how to do it
other than mount a camera out here for
four days and weeks it actually have to
be week I'd love to see a time-lapse oh
one of these flowers blooming things
have to be so cool so big just crab
climbing this plastic he's like an
acrobat hermit crab I've never seen I've
never seen a hermit crab do stunts like
this oh he's trying to escape he's
trying to break free so the boys because
when we went on vacation and then they
came back and had spring break for two
weeks they were out of school so they
had a whole week's long a homework that
had to be caught up and it's only
Thursday and they've already got all of
it caught up so good job guys good job I
know it's fine so now we're gonna play
some video games don't usually do with
the boys on a weeknight but it's a
celebration you did good high fives
now we'll listen here we're gonna solve
this the diplomatic way how we do
everything in this family
they both I'm up first they both want to
play with me first so you guys are gonna
have to rock paper scissors Carson wins
he plays first alright guys it's called
the duty zombie time here we go here we
go I'm on the yeah Carson's on person is
on the top
Carson there's some zombies coming
behind you Wow I just saw both sides
Carson you already lost the bet you're
standing up here they come sit on your
putt has bet huh behind them who they're
coming off that train oh they're coming
from all directions
Oh
oh my god they stuck up a high nut you
can just hit him with your knife one
time in there die now leave your boy
right stick you got a shoot they're
coming right at you okay oh my gosh I'm
cornered
Wow they're always every coming through
that door dude save your ammo
Wow I flipped on that one here we go
here we go oh my god that keeps you
ah really
all right guys Colin and Carson who will
dance the most well dog don't use the
Bulldog don't use it down I'm on the
bottom nice nice you look like you're
alright
yeah it's like herobrine oh don't use
the Bulldog why not
Nicolaes you can use whatever you want
yeah yeah there's one right here
good job good job
oh wow oh god dude stay together stay
together run away run away get away this
to the climb selfies yet sour yeah
oh yeah full board in the house
summers is come down here oh yeah
oh yeah now I got some
no part about this because then you get
actual like newer weapons new folder
load good job
gig know who we are on I'll add my door
to the other room whatever you want more
pulls of the trigger Veronica go get
that go get that I'm trying go get the
SPECIAL run rah rah go get this batch
out hold on it's to your left
not that you'll never make it oh my gosh
right on the d-pad right on the d-pad
kill them while they're messed up dude
where is all it's gone you better hurry
dude trouble now Oh God alright so we
had a bit of fun with Call of Duty right
we played some games now I promised you
guys that we were gonna do fan mail and
I have quite a few letters here that we
need to go through so let's start right
at the top Ryan Klein you want to open
it up Carson does hate Gilroy's I'm Ryan
i watch your vlogs every day also watch
Romans but please feature this in the
vlog if it is possible I really want a
side print grey shirt because I'm only
12 and I have no money on me I don't
care if I can't get it can't if you
can't give me T sure but I would love
one represent at my school and this
letter I added a self drawing of all of
you guys before you went to the hospital
for Eliza I added the original picture
which is this of us sitting on the couch
I remember that and this is what he drew
us sitting on the couch and Veronica
holding our phone man honey you got big
lips
what's that ice-cream cone in my head no
I love it's awesome I think that my
picture would win fan out Friday if it
was still around
I'm putting $10 eat five for each boy to
spend on whatever they want have fun
shopping and remember don't spend it on
any GABA CH that's hilarious
look boys look this is what Ryan sent
you that's it that's a DQ card can't go
wrong with that can't go wrong with that
Ryan Klein thank you for the letter and
boys what do you say yeah ones from
James Solomon I'm 22 years old and I'm a
volunteer firefighter first of all thank
you for your service that takes a lot of
bravery and her
so thank you even though it's not for my
town
you're still awesome for that and I've
been on all calls good and bad ones and
the one call was and was a bad one
because there were three weeks all three
people passed away and in 2011 I lost my
mom from lung cancer sorry to hear that
and it's been a hard time after she
passed away I set up on YouTube I set up
a YouTube channel of my own
it's mr. James Solomon one and what I do
is sign language the songs that deaf or
hard-of-hearing people can know what the
songs were saying and myself I am hard
of hearing - and you are my role model
and I lose my job I lost my job at start
of March but March 2015
I had a training class for a new job at
a school near me and I don't have any
money now I want to know if you can mail
me a gladiator shirt and I hope you can
help me I live at blah blah blah in New
York I've been there actually I've been
to that town and I hope I will hear back
from you I would like to have you and
your wife to look at my YouTube page I
want to say thank you for doing what
we're doing your vlog and your vlogs
make me happy when I watch them and I
hope that you and your wife and kids
have a good day and a safe day - thank
you James Solomon PS this photo is I
love you in sign language and I will do
it drawing with your gladder your name
and sign language I love you that's
awesome this one from Brit cezzah
let me confirm Brett Ziza
from Wisconsin do you chase and family i
i watch your vlogs daily and there they
are
if you whited out something he waited it
out people
it's whited out I don't know what it
says and
they are and they don't know and then
goes if you can t-shirt black Thanks my
name I don't know if we're gonna be able
to keep up with all these t-shirt
requests we'll see what we can do we'll
see what we can do all right I'll take
care of this one
dear Gilroy my name is Chris I'm a huge
fan I love your vlog Channel and
congrats on your new baby she's
beautiful you're very good at filming
pranks with Roman and Denis you inspire
me I am trying to film videos with my
friend I'm trying to be like you because
you know everything about cameras I wish
I did I'm only 14 and I'm already
inspired I have a youtube channel the
name is the video master please
subscribe me and please tell all your
views too it would mean the world if you
did that can you please mail me your
signature back and thanks so much
tell Roman I said smile more I will tell
Roman that I will
this one's from Chris put in vlog again
on the front that's fun hey chase my
name is Chris I'm 14 I love your YouTube
channel every night i watch your daily
vlog you are a awesome youtuber can you
please subscribe to me and my friends
youtube channel we try so hard to make
great and funny videos if you watch the
video the Phantom of the Opera with
friends parody be prepared to laugh
unfortunately I am trying to save up
enough money to buy the original gear
walk gilroy blogs t so far I only have
$10 is there any way I could get it but
just pay $10 but it's okay if you can't
keep up amazing work hope talk soon bye
sincerely your gladiator Chris the
channel URL oh my gosh Chris it's the
alpha-numeric channel URL you should
totally think about maybe getting a
custom URL
easy it's in the channel section of your
dashboard check it out
California your Gilroy family my name is
Sara and Sierra yeah I am 15 years old I
just started watching your vlogs and
fell in love with you and your family
you guys are such an inspiration not
just to me but to everyone who watches
your rugs I just wanted to give you this
letter to apologize well to acknowledge
it's not acknowledge you I can honestly
say that you guys keep going every day I
would love it if you would put this a
great day thank you well Sierra I took
you mr. line I would love it if you put
this in the vlog but you don't have to
have a great game thank you
Thank You Sierra it's hard to understand
that we inspire so many people because
we're just being us you know we're just
us it's not I mean I guess the
inspiration is just a residual is my
turn it is your turn this is next you
probably good but I'll take it
I like this is typed I like the text
once but the handwritten ones are a
little more personal do you chase
Veronica Colin and Carson and Eliza
sorry if I spelled your name wrong I
just want to congratulate you on your
baby Eliza I'm a viewer from the very
beginning I love your vlogs and they
even inspired me to start my own channel
14 years old and I live in Newton Falls
Ohio I'm in the 8th grade I would love
to send some stuff for the boys in Eliza
but I recently
had some big issues a few big people in
my life have been diagnosed with cancer
I have to take care of them which leaves
me with no money I try to overcome the
situations and your vlogs helped me so
much I'd be so grateful if you sent me a
black size large gladiator side print
shirt and maybe an autograph if not
that's fine I love your channels keep up
the good work one of your viewers
Spencer Griffiths thanks just one more
time Spencer I I it's sad to hear that I
do apologize for the for the health
situation
my little sister Amanda back from she
was four years old was diagnosed with
with Wilms tumor which is a cancer at
the kidneys she only has one kidney now
she went through chemo and all that
stuff but she beat it she beat the
cancer so have faith they may pull
through and beat cancer like my sister
did this would be really great so we
will pray for you and your family and we
hope things work out for you yeah I was
damaged look a pencil how ironic a gift
is that because every time they go to do
homework they can never find a pencil so
this is good that they have a pencil now
you won't lose it
yeah eraser who's it from all right hit
it
ear chase I've been watching you for
months now I just want you to know you
have really helped me be a happier
person just last night my Nana told my
mom told my sister and
we're yeah I she have out this
information
ruined my world I saw wait wait let's go
back I want to make sure here told my
sister and I she had ALS this
information ruin my world I thought but
then I remembered I have to stay
positive through this whole thing for
her your videos really help me take my
mind off anything that goes on in my
life and I know when my mom watched your
vlogs with me they make her happy too I
just wanted to say thank you for being
who you and Raqqah Monica are you guys
truly make my life less complicated for
those 10 or so minutes yes I got the
baby project this week and the whole
time I'm saying how did Jason Ferran
conterminous three times Rosa I want to
say the right things to you to make it
all better but I don't know how I don't
know a whole lot about ALS but I
understand that it's a debilitating
disease and I'm certain that's gonna be
really hard but just keep yourself your
sister and your mom in positive spirits
and that's all you can do
I mean you can't take it away so you
might as well make the best of it if
that's that makes any sense anyway I
wish you guys all the best and to your
mom
just keep smiling just keep smiling oh
oh oh I can't sit indian-style like that
anymore oh oh my gosh so we're actually
gonna close the vlog tonight because I
think we got plenty with the fam
mountain all the other stuff we did
today but before we close I want to tell
you guys we need your help with legends
of awesome certainly in your region in
your town your city you know somebody or
you know of somebody who is who has an
incredible talent whether you can juggle
fire or you can skateboard on top of
skyscrapers or they're an amazing BMX
rider any kind of insanely awesome
talent is what we're looking for and I
want you guys to scour your Facebook
pages your Twitter your Instagram I want
you guys to help us find the world's
most talented people and I want you to
send me contact information Twitter
handles Instagram accounts Facebook
names send that stuff to my email at
Gilroy blogs at gmail.com and we will
use that information to track down the
world's most talented people and compile
the group that will be known as the
legends of Awesome so sound cool all
right guys so thank you for coming with
us
on our daily adventures I appreciate you
watching it's time to set this camera
down and we will see all of you right
back here
