I'm so scared right now
321 there's like I buy candy around here
and because you're living with a candy
monster I eat all that up guess what
Veronica is leaving me at home today
with the baby just me and the baby are
you sure you want to do this no no no
except there's no clean bottles
I wash all the models could you just
take this off and leave it here we'll
just take this fortunately I can't put
it on here I wish I had those I did all
day long I'm never get anything done if
I had boobs I'd just sit and play with
myself all day we are up there with this
cabbage I'll tell you what I'm totally
running these dishes in that dish
Watership washer today I don't care what
happens it's gonna whatever happens
happens the house fills up with soap
suds I would never have gone to soap in
the dishwasher that's that's gapping you
know I'm gonna make the t-shirt that's
cabbage a little trash bag or what is
this cabbage where you think good
t-shirt no teacher
if you were what is this garbage good
while she's asleep let's see if we can
get anything done current time is 1126
all right here we go
you're not girl wash let's see how this
goes
well I got a few minutes she's awake
tell you nothing creates more a sense of
urgency than a crying baby that right
yeah good that look at the weather guys
that is some serious serious rain coming
and thunderstorms you're about to have
your first thunderstorm Liza is that
cool luckily I was able to get the vlog
edited before mommy left for work yes
you do happy huh you want to upload the
vlog with Daddy huh you want to let's do
it so it's almost tax time the baby went
back to sleep by the way it's almost tax
time and I have to go finally got all my
information and have to go through all
the receipts that I've that I've made
purchases from the entire year for
deductions and in the Jeep I have this
cubby hole filled fill them all those
receipts for gas gas and other stuff I
can write off things like driving to
Kentucky to work with Tom so I need to
figure out how many times I drove to
Kentucky and you can either do gas and
repairs or mileage and in the US tax
deductions for mileage is 56 cents per
mile and a trip to Kentucky is almost I
think three to four hundred miles so you
do the math 400 miles times I think I
went down there maybe three four times
that's a pretty good deduction look at
this mess nonuseful receipts the only
useful receipts can you imagine how long
it took me a good roll these the boys
just got home they're walking from the
bus stop I'm going to mess with them
hard make a thing I'm passed out right
here on the kitchen floor
Hey
dad you're not hey I know you pranking
me no he's actually did
and I'm just trying to be just trying to
be a funny guy you are
oh thanks good I got what's that is that
for me what is it everybody what is it
Tammy whoa that's a lot can I have all
of it oh all right everybody yours will
don't make a mess I'm gonna have you
guys ever seen this stuff kinetic sand
look at it it moves it's like it's cool
stuff like the weirdest stuff in the
whole entire world
oh yeah
dang it fluffy food okay yep catch ya
it's if you use get ya reckless but it's
just so fun having the titties we don't
have very much time before practice but
I told the boys we'd try and get this
thing out so let's see what we can do
well whoa whoa let's see where do we
blow it up right here I think that looks
is just a good place as any
what the heck
it looks like we need a straw or
something you need a tube we just got to
put straw in this part here and then
blow it up let's do it OOP I slugger
okay I think this is it
who wants to go fly you and Carson can
throw it back and forth with each other
okay
but wait for me I gotta get a Liza throw
like a frisbee
you're catch it Carson whoa
here let me try let me try
here we go ready Carson whoa it's warm
out huh yeah it's warm this is all eyes
his first time being out here well not
really she's been outside before I take
that with us in the Jeep we gotta get
our cleats on and stuff let's go watch
you boys ready for football soccer its
football huh
totally football
no this is football guys soccer no
totally football
I'm telling you football all the way
football yeah it's soccer you're lying
no I'm not ask them they said it's
football because in Europe it's called
football not soccer
but in America it's suck this ain't
looking good we think it's gonna rain
yeah all right
there's Colin Collins right there
there's Carson right there then last
long me and the Liza had to retreat to
the Jeep because it's definitely gonna
rain
they're calling for more thunderstorms
oh my god
ah Liza's butthole just opened up and
released the most god-awful I hope to
god it's only in that diaper
Goga oh oh this is money oh you see
that's funny huh
diaper wipes I'm into these oh so
dangerous
good well that was interesting that was
probably the Fowler's changed
diaper I've had to do in the Jeep or
period hey whoa whoa look at your pants
dude hey no you're a mess here oh my
goodness hmm you guys dirtied up my Jeep
now I gotta get you clean
gotta get you clean up two showers up up
up up showers let's go maybe man this is
this is a workout she's out oh let's see
huh we're glad to see the day room so
I've well the house caught on fire and
called fire department
basement flooded the baby the baby's
diapers all caught on fire ever since
hey I survived the whole practice ordeal
and shopping with all fat cakes
yesterday in practice in the porno range
you're a woman
that stuff's built-in mr. Kollin did you
have fun soccer yeah but now it's
lightening and storm and thunder
all right tell our gladiators good night
right OOP OOP OOP
Carson tell our gladiators good night
hmm
we definitely fell asleep on the couch
last night so there wasn't much of last
night but he was thunderstorm II really
really bad
laughs and it was raining like crazy
look how much flooding there is in this
yard oh good that's a lot of water I
don't think I've ever seen it flood that
mad I love you be good
stay awesome Matt didn't even
acknowledge me before we close I want to
tell you guys that I did have the phone
call with my partner for the legends of
awesome and tomorrow we start writing
for the trailer and we want the trailer
to be something epic a very very good
indication of what you can expect on
this new channel and it's so exciting
when I talked to him on the phone it's
so exciting to hear him tell me he's
describing to me how he wants these
videos to look and it's almost as if
it's almost as if my inner self is
talking to me through the phone because
what he's describing is exactly what I
have envisioned for this channel and I
can promise you it's gonna be something
something that you guys will be proud of
I know I know it's gonna be supremely
epic it's gonna be legendary and awesome
hey guys I'm gonna take care of the baby
time to set this camera down thank you
so much for watching we'll see all of
you right back here tomorrow
