say hi so how did everyone you can do it
segun oku know are you sure I'll say hey
hey Dad years how are you today hey love
hey Carson hey I just got back from
school yeah nice hey Carla you're
getting your snack on the boys have
soccer practice found out yesterday the
boys have soccer practice every single
night except for what right in Sunday
what is this gap beach Carson what is
this garbage what is this cabbage she's
slipping check this out look what came
in the mail today the old cannons back I
don't know what to do with this because
it hasn't been repaired because I told
cannon I'm not paying for that so I
think I'm gonna have to either call or
send an email to Cannon and try and talk
to someone and the manager status
position because you can tell this
cameras is practically brand new this
there's little 20 we're on whatsoever
and I know that they need the paperwork
to whatever but it just blows my mind
they want these cameras I saw at bestbuy
we're now 171 dollars they $175 two pics
it really really carson open this hyper
disk look how big this thing is can you
fit at all it's huge this is the new age
frisbee yeah that's actually brand-new
dude i could send you across the county
in that thing
no yeah seriously it's not from sitting
on you can't sit on it no no it's not
you can't stop I'll bet you if we fill
it with helium and attach a GoPro to the
bottom of it let me sick yeah we should
try that spins names there the girl like
spin spin spin speed well yeah that
would kind of be awful colin has soccer
practice Carson is going with mommy's
got to take them because my mom because
my mom had surgery if you remember my
mom had surgery and we'll find out more
when we get there but I have to go sit
with her because she can't be alone for
24 hours and she's in a lot of pain it
didn't go as well as it should have and
well I'll just tell you more when we get
there my mom can help me explain it but
it sucks let me just take a second while
I'm driving and tell you guys how much I
love you I really do I really love the
way that we can interact with each other
and get instantaneous feedback on on the
blog channel or videos in general in the
comments section I think that's the most
incredible thing a little more
and I'm glad I get to share it with you
guys rural people you know we're all
people on the same earth and we get to
share ideas and opinions and through
through everyone else's trials and
tribulations we get to contribute to
what we could all become which is
successful you know what I mean I hope
you do because that's my goal is to show
you that you can be successful and I'm
going to help prove it
hey there prefer dear Kurt so my mom is
upstairs in her bed and she looks she
looks like she's hurt I would go up
there and long with her but I don't
think she's I don't think she's in for
guys she's really she's really heard the
story that I got was that during the
surgery they had to take out parts of
her bones her elbow they had to take her
bones out and the way my dad said was
they had put it on the workbench and
piece it back together with plates and
screws and put everything back in so
when I went up to check on her she's
laying on her bed just like she just
booked like pure misery and I feel
really bad for her so in today's vlog
you guys should totally comment and give
my mom some well wishes because she
could really use the spirit boost you
know I feel so bad for her while
everyone's at work and I'm and
babysitting my mom I'm gonna break into
this pie it looks hella good mmm you
can't go wrong lemon meringue pie and i
want to say the feedback from
yesterday's the ending of yesterday's
vlog about the new channel the main
channel that i'm so stoked about i just
want to say V the response is
overwhelming it's magic this is going to
happen one way or another even if I only
get 20 bucks I'm still going to make
this happen because I know it's going to
inspire a lot of people and the people
that we film with for this channel it's
going to help change their lives to and
that's what it's all about is helping
people be better versions of themselves
and through the process I get to film
and do what I love to do and help other
people too so it's a win-win for
everybody and I can't be more excited
I'm out of ice so this is what I'm doing
hooking her up with these cold packs and
then fill in this guy with ice so that's
the thing man like we were kids our
parents took care of us and then at some
point it's up to us as our as our
parents children to take care of them on
my way home I spent a lot of tonight I'm
upstairs uh I did I felt bad for my mom
I didn't wanna
when she was feeling like that we also
go to talking about my grandparents
their condition and it's so like
unfortunate I've never we've never
really lost anyone in our media family
and my grandparents who can hold their
and their upper 70s and grandma starting
to really lose her memory of her mine i
mean when i got there today she she
asked me when i was going to bring my
baby over because she hadn't seen her in
you and I both know that she's she's
seen the baby so she can't remember and
the only thing she remembers is
50 yep Veronica sent me to the store for
some diapers you know what's great about
this night it's really late actually and
it's still nice and warm out how about
that look at this what I get to come
home to myself I have convinced Veronica
to actually play a video game with me I
chose to play call of duty advanced
warfare zombies do you think you can do
this honey I'll try Veronica does not
play video games with me ever I play
like Mario I like Mario well you're
about to get your first awesome dose of
zombies you have no idea this new
zombies is pretty dope though and it's
really hard to play this involves in
time if we got a little too excited
analyzing woke up mmm porgy me I want to
play this when we can record it Veronica
so funny she goes down like instantly
she can't control it so I want to do a
game play session with her when it's
daytime so he can be a little louder but
for now it's bedtime for her yeah I
sorry sweetheart you ready for school
yeah yeah look at your hair's messed up
oh goodness goodness
it's five minutes until the bus comes
where's the key hey I forgot to ask you
guys about soccer how'd sucker go boss
yeah that's what um tell me about it I
watched four videos power to play soccer
really yeah did you learn anything mommy
said you guys played in the rain it was
all muddy no hey I might all what about
if it's warm out then playing in the
right isn't that bad right yep okay good
cuz i had to go watch my or hang out
with my mom yesterday she said she was
getting the boys his cleats on in the
back she had the hatch up and it was
raining and when she got finished she
put the hatch down and the hatch was
full of water because it like glazed
level when it's up so it was full of
water as soon as she closed the door all
the water came splashing down onto her
yeah and the universe is playing tricks
on me the clock on the Jeep is way
slower than actual time and I'm sitting
up the bus stop thinking where's this
blush and look down and the bus is
definitely already gone I love you love
you too big calling you gonna you got a
cocoa puffs mustache make sure you wipe
your face off when you get in there okay
you got one trust me bye honey love you
oh I gets outs away dad okay so the kids
are off to school and before I start my
day and wrap up this vlog I wanted to
tell you guys that I did get the
donation page setup and if you're
willing or interested to donate or
contribute to the legends of awesome
project it's super easy just go to my
store gladiator stuff calm and then
click on legends of awesome project and
I wrote
little story there and down at the
bottom is the donate button and whatever
you donate greatly helps as a
contribution to this project and like I
said yesterday this is going to be
something that is so big and we are all
going to be a part of helping change
other people's lives as well as my own
and I couldn't be any more thankful for
that I truly oh you guys everything and
the support and response to the idea of
this project is it's incredible and I'm
so happy that you guys are in the ground
level of making this happen and I can't
wait I can't wait I have a call today
with my partner who's going to be
working with me on this project and
we're gonna get started I mean the the
outpour of response the positivity is is
so legendary and awesome that we have no
choice I mean you guys are in so let's
do this we're all invested my time your
help the next step will be recruiting
people and we'll go we'll go over that
after i have a talk with my buddy to
figure out exactly what we should do
from here but it's on so i'm going to
set this camera down thank you so much
for being here for us and we will see
all of you right back here tomorrow
