yo what's up guys I just got finished
doing another software how-to for the
green screen I had to redo some of it
because I wasn't happy with it I'm too
picky but it's about time for the kids
get off the bus so we gotta go hey guys
it's a rainy day huh that sucks not that
hard just sprinkles hop in here how was
your first day back at school yeah did
your girlfriend's miss you this is
pretty exciting guys it just check the
mail and my test products came in for
these phone cases this will be the
review that I'm shooting this week in
these phone cases seem to be pretty cool
well we're gonna put them to the
ultimate test and I think this will be
the funnest review video that I've done
to date we're gonna do a hammer test on
screens of iPhone iPhone six-plus in the
galaxy note 4 and when I finish the
review will be giving some of these
cases away for you guys to try out for
yourselves and what's really cool about
these cases is that they come with a
1-year hassle-free protection plan the
first case that I've seen it comes with
an actual protection plan in case your
phone is damaged while this case is on
so we'll go over that later in the week
this is gonna be a lot of fun we
definitely got to get some homework done
let me see your folder is this your
stuff Collin this is all the stuff that
you got the kids were gone for two weeks
one week was well everyone else was
still in school and this is what he
brought home holy crap what you got a
lot of work to do dude oh you were at
the beach for one week and then you had
spring break so you lost out on a week
of work what you know you're gonna have
to make up these boys have so
mark is not even fun you were just
laughing okay I know I know I guess it
is funny but you got a lot to do what
yes baby Eliza and mommy just came home
the boys are supposed to have soccer
practice but it's raining so I think
it's gonna be canceled it would be their
first soccer practice of the season are
you guys stoked for soccer it's not
gonna rain on Saturday oh I hope not
it's not it's supposed to rain every day
this week
let's finish let's finish it we got lots
of homework sneaking a little monster
let me know do do any of you have kids
and help them do their homework I mean
you should if you don't but agree with
me that sometimes helping your children
get their homework done is a very very
tedious and painful task at once yeah
Owen you do good I want to give you that
high-five to cam yep and I also want to
say that you need to focus we've got to
pay attention on you he's learning time
reading a analog clock I know it's
difficult but you got to put your mind
to it and he keeps getting mixed up with
the Living End in the big game
we already showed him oh that little
puppy it's got magnet feet I think
that's cool
love it oh I'm doing that tonight I'm
sticking a GoPro in there when when they
leave to go to soccer practice I gotta
do dishes but I want to put the GoPro in
there and show you some of you seamen
interested so I'm gonna put the GoPro oh
and I want to give a military shout out
into a home boys in the US Army I saw
that on the last comments I don't do I
want you to do me a favor and kill it at
soccer practice okay okay now the
gladiators staying with me but you still
gotta do awesome go make sure he does
good I'm staying home with the baby
because of Rome and needs a break
I'm gonna keep the baby I think some of
you wanted to see that actually but
right now it's easy love you be good
don't bring home any soccer dad's right
no yeah I'm holding a Liza she's falling
asleep in my arms she was fast asleep I
lay her down on her thing not even 5
minutes goes by and she wakes up
and now Carson wants to hold her Carson
does Baby Talk there you go
her mouth is zipped zipped shut as if
all right dishwasher update if anyone
knows help me out but I haven't run an
actual load of dishes yet because I'm
running it again but if you look in the
bottom it keeps getting all these soap
suds it's soap suds but it doesn't smell
like soap so maybe they're not soap suds
there's some kind of suds I'm thinking
maybe the previous owner put dish soap
in it when they weren't supposed to or I
don't know I don't know why it's it's
sudsing like that and I'm afraid to put
dishes in there with soap and it get all
crazy you know hey daddy some about to
wash these by hands what what light bulb
up here yeah yeah I changed the light
bulb you see that hand washed all the
dishes all the bottles I need to dry
those still but thank God for a
dishwasher I'm gonna get that thing done
like right now
one time as a young girl my cousin put
Dawn dish soap in the dishwasher because
we was out of the little tablets and it
overflowed all over the kitchen and
created too many suds and we had to run
it quite a few times for the suds to go
away how many like four yeah
well that's twice I only ran it twice so
far so I'm gonna cancel it
oh it's got a drain it I'm still sorting
all this stuff there was just so much no
matter what holiday it is these kids get
so much stuff these bags of candy I'm
trying to sort all the toys the big guy
and the candy I'm almost done morning
good morning Kirsten good morning Colin
you got fluffing oh he's a good good
we've got our differences but I think
fluffing can stay
this one's Collins you know these are
cool huh they got these for Easter check
this out it's a hyper disc three feet in
diameter
you blow it up with air and it's
supposed to fly like awesome I can't
wait to try those out unfortunately it
won't be this week because it's supposed
to rain every day this week there's
actually no listen that rain the hardest
thing about driving with a full cup
coffee driving with a full cup of coffee
dragon I was riding with a full cup
coupling
in the raid when you get out you just
got to dodge all the raindrops I do i
dodge raindrops I can dodge raindrops Oh
buses you all right boys I'm done wait
till the last second so you don't get
too wet okay and remember mr. :
look at me I love you love you too
Carson be good all right guys the kids
are up to school I got my morning coffee
but before we go I wanted to ask you
guys it's a very important question a
lot of times people ask me what it what
do you do what's your main channel and
before and currently this vlog channel
is my main channel but I've always
wanted to have that you know super mega
awesome main channel to do like
professional style video work and I I
finally come up with it and it's been an
idea in the works for a while now I'm
just to the point where I need to
execute it and I'm super excited to do
it but the one thing is people always
people always get scared to mention
their ideas especially on YouTube
because there's so many people out there
that just steal them but I want to share
it with you guys and I want to hear your
feedback first I'm not gonna tell you
what it is yet I want to know if you
guys are interested in helping me with
my main channel now no matter what it is
I always try to help other people I love
giving back and I love to help inspire
other people if you haven't noticed the
whole mantra behind this vlog channel is
that you should follow your dreams and
when I started this channel and I said
it recently my goal is to show you guys
the work and dedication that it that
requires to quit work in a nine-to-five
job and follow your dreams
and which - to pursue filmmaking the
journey has been so great so far and
I've been really grateful for all the
experiences that we've had and in my
opinion it's only gonna go even farther
to the moon need the gladiators help to
make this happen and the reason being my
sole job right now is making videos for
YouTube and doing side projects to help
make extra money the main channel that I
want to produce is going to require me
to travel to a bunch of different cities
looking for specific people which we'll
go over with if we get enough response
in this in this comment section we'll go
over this maybe in the next video but I
want to know if if my gladiators have
enough faith in me to each donate $1 you
know there's about 157,000 subscribers
on this channel and each video gets on
average between 25 and 30 thousand views
if only my daily viewers 30,000 donate
$1 this summer would be the most epic
summer the induction of a brand new main
channel for us which i think is gonna
have the coolest most inspirational
content that you can find on youtube
would you pay a dollar for that I'm
putting every extra money that I make
into this project because I know it's
gonna be great and every person that
I've ever told about it is excited to
see it and I do have a guy on board a
partner if you will who has some pretty
serious connections with some pretty
awesome people but we need a little bit
of help and motivation from you because
all of this all of this work boils down
to will you watch it and I know you will
you
support me through everything and I
appreciate the heck out of you I really
do so think about that would you donate
$1 to initiate a brand-new main channel
for Gilroy and for all of those people
out in the world who are legends of
Awesome all right that's enough hints
for now I gotta go take a shower
there's my cup of coffee and start my
day I will be live for one hour after
uploading this video talking with you
guys in the comment section so I'll see
you in the comments
alright guys thank you so much for
watching I really do love you we'll see
you right back here
