it's on PJs here we're gonna replace the
dishwasher because we got really nothing
else to do yeah Veronica and the kids
she had a baby shower to go to this
morning and her nephew's birthday party
we're taking this bad boy out and
putting that newer stainless steel one
the better one hopefully quieter yeah
let's do this
pretty sure all we got to do there's
only a couple connections here there's
two screws here that hold Oh Kim see
there's two screws that hold the cabinet
in place and then behind there there's
wiring that we gotta adjust there's a
drain hose and then a water feed hose
the water feed hose is like back there
so we're just gonna disconnect
everything make sure we shut the water
off and then pull this out so we can put
the other one in but I got to do some
wiring so that always gets me nervous
because I'm not an electrician but I do
know that messing with bare wires is
very dangerous so I got to figure out
what breaker it is downstairs to turn
off check it out this is what we're
working with this is where the hard
wiring comes in from underneath down in
the basement I had to figure out how to
get to the wires so basically and this
is the part I was talking about it gets
scary we gotta disconnect these two wire
nuts already pulled this one off but
there's black wire white wire and then
the ground back there suppose you got to
take those off and then leave the wires
put the new one back in replace the
wires drain hoses water supply line and
we're good to go
oh yeah whenever I do rewiring I'm a big
fan of clean wires and this one that's
just old nasty and rugged so I'm gonna
cut it off right there and expose some
new wire I can get this thing wired up
we're pretty much done got the water
hooked up we got the drain hose hooked
up this is the last wire and then we'll
test it the look of intense
concentration are you sure you tighten
the water good
well I'm sure I turn the water good go
ahead and turn the water valve back on
and I'll see if there's any potential
leakage dries bones good sign good sign
there you go put your back into it
good you good
man you know what I should do I should
put a light in here with the GoPro have
you ever seen it wondered what the
inside of dishwasher looks like let's
run put a GoPro inside with a light we
get to see it happen listen
it's like whisper quiet super satisfied
the only thing that I don't like I could
I could fix this probably but this side
is nice and flush right here but this
side right here sticks out just a little
teeny bit but now we can do dishes and
still vlog and I have to worry about the
dishwasher running in the background is
that awesome thanks dude
thanks brother hey I know you gotta go
you just gotta go eat dinner so thanks
for help dude I couldn't done it without
you really it's awesome yep
I just finished editing some photos that
I took a couple days ago and we got our
little baby back did you guys have fun
at the party yeah was it good here's
what Noah got for his birthday
what lego mixels what's that I don't
know what that Meg lego mixels i don't
know what you're talking about
ah I wanted to show you the dishwasher
I'd spent too much time putting in what
do you mean
Arnim vlog you seen we didn't say yeah
means cleaned I ran at once it's your
mom's know with our ours
did you know that tomorrow is Easter so
that means you guys gotta get to bed
because Easter Bunny's gonna sneak in
way late at night it's gonna leave you
guys super sweet treats and then Easter
candy basket how's that sound
Subaru Easter baskets with wood in it
candy more candy we're like bunny poop
no really there is they look like little
tootsie rolls but not completely round
on the end tapered so they look like
little tootsie roll torpedos what time
is church I don't usually do this 8:30
huh but now it's time to get these guys
in bed let's go let's go boys come on
come on come on come on come on come on
come on come on come on come on come on
come on come on come on okay so because
of tomorrow's festivities I have to stop
divine Verona gonna make a trip to the
grocery for some last-minute food items
ah you know I almost like coming to
these places late at night because it's
pretty much empty there's no crowd you
can get in get what you need to get out
Oh got all the veggies come home to
sleep on the couch poor ladies tired
from last night she went hard she went
hard so I suppose I'll cut up all these
veggies for her because I'm pro with the
knife I'm a pro 15 minutes got all those
groceries their veggies chopped up ready
to go for the veggie trade tomorrow
nigga don't even have to touch it unless
is that you know what's so hard about
vlogging this time of night is quiet
right there sleeping tomorrow's Easter
big family day lots to do
I'll get this up for you as soon as I
can make sure you guys have a really
really fun day with your families
tomorrow and have a Happy Easter
that's all for me today guys I set this
camera down tonight let's see all of you
right back here
