like that little videos going in and
amongst presentations right hey guys
what's up welcome to the vlog I'm just
finishing up some work here with my good
old buddy you remember this guy what's
up James old Chet that's right so I'm
just finishing up my workday and yes it
is a I've accomplished a lot today I
wish I could show you this video but I
got yet I thought we were over them what
like confident oh it's like look at the
wind you can't really even yeah just
look at those trees look at that
it's probably the windiest day I've seen
so far this year it's insane
yeah so I've been so busy today I have I
haven't even showered yet so I need it
like right here we go way better boy
I came up with a pretty insane idea all
I need to know is if you're with me yeah
all right looks good in the bathroom
gone so I wanted to do this particular
thing everything's what Christmas yeah
so these things right here these are
what they call rainbow and they're like
Orbeez pretty much they grow to like 200
times their original size and if you've
watched our town for a long time you'll
know that when we first tried these
things out we filled up a cap right and
that little capsule look that's not very
much that little capsule filled up a
giant mason jar so what we're going to
do today it's putting it in the bathtub
we're not just putting one of them in
we're putting two
oh we're going to need to let these like
soak in here and absorb all the water
for at least not a few hours but God
whatever you do don't tell Mom oh
they'll grow that won't even look like
that much and you know Phil rings oh I
think that do now how how much you think
that - - it's gonna fill up the tub
think it'll fill the whole time
oh yeah we don't want that in here let's
do very well what I plan to do the past
the time and they're going to work oh hi
we really need to talk about your
weather pattern
here dude it's like the apocalypse right
now this is the YouTube apocalypse in
real life look at their loads off my
line ah I think the rain might actually
hold off and we're going to be okay
we're gonna be able to do this we're
gonna go try and find somewhere else out
in the woods that we've never been in
before exciting and you might know who
it is a little creek okay so we are at
ant ducks ow I have a giant little swath
of woods here that we're going to try
and find some mushrooms wise you gonna
find some mushroom good daddy dad I keep
I keep farting and I don't know why oh
thank you party I don't know what dude
what if there's polar bears out here oh
no those probably just grizzly bears
just a grizzly bear what if we fine all
lives I found flowers all those are cute
lies are okay so we gotta cross this
Creek it's a I could just step right
over it but Lizzy you're going to stay
over here okay guys just got to step
right over this Creek okay
don't jump me you'll fall in here's a
mushroom but that's not a morel mushroom
no you don't just taste random mushrooms
in the woods
dude just like we don't drink random
water in the woods though you gotta pee
huh you're that guy
you don't have a last time you peed I
know half and last time you feed it it
just pees anywhere like a savage what
this is quite thick out here I don't
know if this is the right condition to
find morel mushrooms but I know okay I
won't put my camera for that I know no
not yet
you're supposed to look for morels oh I
assure elm trees and sometimes they grow
by dead after elm trees if you look by
where there's been like a fire you can
find mushrooms because the fire creates
traditions that's really good for them
to grow what I'll get up the heck are
you doing dude we didn't find any
mushrooms but Wow I found a wild Liza
Carson fell in some thorns and now it's
raining hey guys you see that cemetery
right there right there you see that
cemetery yeah do you know how many
people is dead in there
you know how many haha go inside here
good right here oh oh it's mommy she's
here together
oh honey we're all mess of a tick oh she
had one on her yesterday you cheated
even going room
thus upstairs and check out the bathroom
oh yeah yeah you tell me good
yep make sure that it was video okay you
ready
oh yeah we're your cake remaining show
me LLC close your eyes I'll hold your
hand
oh okay wait until I say it open okay
come this way just kept walking forward
open oh my oh my god like me life is
dead let me see Carson your great
handwriting but we need to work on your
skills what do you think we made that
for you so you would get in there put in
there that's both tubes of rainbow and
unfortunately as you can tell not me it
didn't really fill up the tub like we
thought it would but there's little
three big like it's covered all the
bottom for sure and I got this one
mission
I know you want to get in there that
team bubble tea
you want to get in there alrigth I wait
because I their garden
she'll clear hello nothing sit down for
reference this is one that didn't get
wet but this is their original size and
that's what they look big
that's supposed to be 200 times it's so
cool dad okay tell them say I got a bath
I got that bath and now we have to brush
teeth teeth are you gonna brush your
teeth
oh my cool brush your teeth where's your
tooth abscess where's your - you ready
go Gresham you know mommy brush him I
versus you brush it first okay you can
have a turn brushing them person mommy
will double-check them good job bigger
brush in Russian Russian
okay it's good you want to be really
careful about this part because when
you're trying to take this stuff out you
don't just want to open the drain and
let all these things flow down into your
piping which would probably be the worst
mistake ever because you'll be calling a
plumber the best way to handle that is
to get a shot back about baby'll I'm
sorry I can't on shopback right now so
we'll get the wet-dry back in here
tomorrow and clean out the rest of that
look at those two little containers
these these two little containers that's
one each now crazy how much bigger they
get that's insane
check this out I just discovered this I
tried to sink this down in there right
you might think it stays but look it
works its way back up to the top this
one day it's going crazy watch it's
going to come up it's nothing it weighs
nothing but it's full of air right so
have something to do with density and I
was thinking like what if you filled a
pool with these would you sink to the
bottom
or would you float and I think it has a
lot of the same scientific method behind
your body and when you jump in water so
you're 80% right now about 80% of water
is the human body so when you jump
around you're pretty much up to here
before you start floating but eventually
you flow you don't just sink down and
that's what's happening there so if we
sewed up a pool with water Collin I
don't think you would just dive in and
sink and be stuck you want to try it
someday yes
next for philip old you alright guys so
that's what we leave for today you guys
want to say bye to the gladiators
bye-bye
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
