who wants to color easter eggs okay we
got all these eggs I'm picking like
we're trying something new this year
I've seen on pinterest you can take the
biggest barbasol watch shaving cream and
you add food coloring and then you take
it and you roll the egg in it smash it
down in there and roll it all around
calling let's see how it works if this
creates like a tie-dye egg just keep it
on your plate keep rolling it all around
get it all covered smush it down and I
know don't be scared you gonna mix all
that color throughout all the shaving
cream I don't have very much oh yeah
Carson Larry guy take your egg in the
bathroom and wash all that stuff off of
it oh my goodness my okay you have to
wait till your brother's done and then
go in the bathroom okay just leave it
there for a second I'll get it so we
switched from shaving cream because that
was a mess to the traditional cups cups
with water and food coloring I gotta
grow yeah and they're coming out pretty
mommy look at my orange magic it's done
already we are all kinds of colors going
on here so these was the ones that were
done in the Cayman shaving cream with
the mixed colors um it was hard i really
didn't turn out tie-dye like it said
mommy i feel this one no here's colum
edge I mean they're kind of like Marbley
looking like no no it was fun fun i got
to get their hands dirty little tip from
pinterest these take leftover like
toilet paper rolls or paper towel rolls
and cut them down
and then your eggs can sit in there and
dry my car so that way they're not
getting the bottom of the carton all wet
with the dye and then never dies all
right everyone else has gone for the day
I got to take this hard drive halfway to
Cincinnati one hour later halfway to
Cincinnati there's this huge like outlet
malls called Tanger Outlets they have
all these top branding like american
eagle banana republic polo nike all
these different like huge outlets hard
drive swap already happened my buddy
Mike had a snatch-and-grab he's gotta be
back at his place by seven and that's
exactly one hour from now so let's go
back home look who it is family's home
just in time to go to bed Colin are you
okay Collin Collin Collin Micah gone
going going please good all right let's
go to bed mommy's mutt look mommy's up
there she's doing the bedtime thing come
on Carson come on here's Eliza there's
the baby
and we found ourselves to pancake time
I'm sweating my batter sit I'm gonna
show you how to make these again I'm
sure you how to make them every time I
make them but they're just delicious
pancakes with sugar vanilla inside so
they're fluffy right after breakfast
we're all gonna get dressed and the
three of us are gonna go to the store
and pick out a really fun game that I
think not only is going to be fun for us
to play together but for you guys to
watch us play together I'm gonna make
sure I pick a competitive one because
that's what really gets the boys colon
boys and I are gonna go into town and
get us a game for us all to play and the
boys need haircuts used to be a haircut
haircut levski you know I might as well
get a haircut too what is all it could
go off oh of course all right boys you
ready for haircut I know mine looks like
cabbage you guys need haircuts for sure
you it seems like good friday good
today's good friday good friday is the
day that everyone in this city is
getting their hair cut because it's
packed let me see nice look at you Colin
all right all right looking good guys
what do you think about mine how do I
look she put that american crew pomade
in there not what i usually use but it's
all right carson love the faux hawk dude
mohawk spike you out you'll Hulk all
right let's go get our game boys and I
picked evolve looks like an epic monster
hunting game where you can be either the
hunter or the monster are you guys ready
yeah me too well let's do it look at you
goodness there in the eyes whoo today's
video runs into longer into today
because tomorrow's video is going to be
all about Veronica's first night out
after the baby you pumped or what my
brother holds this awesomely epic Easter
party every year and when we were over
there a couple nights ago he showed me
some of the games that they developed
the play so funny the whole vlog is
gonna be all these super cool funny
games and it's gonna be Veronica's
getting drunk she is maybe she's got a
babysitter for the boys and the baby her
mom's keeping the baby she's pumped up
plenty of breast milk are you guys so
this game we got it home and obviously
when you get a new xbox one game you
have to wait for it to download and do
the updates and whatnot so we finally
got this game going and it's pretty sick
you can play as either a hunter which is
the guy with guns and all this equipment
and whatnot or you can be a monster
which the monster is so cool right yeah
look
jump in he's dancing you know that's a
good game it's pretty cool it's evolved
for the xbox one if you guys have it we
should definitely play together and
we'll do some of the actual recording of
the gameplay but not today we have some
other stuff to get done oh the hunters
win you lose but yeah you should try the
hunter now alright guys so we're gonna
finish up playing a little bit of games
I'm gonna get this edited and uploaded
and we'll see you guys tomorrow for
Veronica's first awesome night at thanks
so much for watching guys it's time to
put the scammer down see all of you
right back here
