everyone say good morning to allies huh
say good morning you're in headlights
morning to you guys happy April Fool's
Day what do you have in store for me
oh I'm mopping up miss Lee really let me
see Pervis nothing over there what about
the other one nope no I'm saying that
one mmm-hmm I hope you guys are having
fun on this day make sure you're totally
messing with everyone you know because
that's what you do on April Fool's Day I
already got the board's this morning as
you saw on yesterday's video but what
else there's more you know there's more
you sleep in so paint you're going to
smile more for a few hours yeah and then
you're coming to Josh's right you're
gonna be there yes we're gonna go to my
brothers and it's a nice day we're gonna
go over there boys are gonna play
outside they're gonna do crafts maybe me
and Josh shoot some guns I stop see
Tanner right yeah yeah man it is
beautiful today what do you guys think
about the weather today it's hot I know
finally it seems like a desert just like
a desert that's good that's a good
that's a good change from what it what
it's been recently cold currently the
boys and I are headed into town I need
to go to one of our local computer
repair shops and to be honest I was
filming the repair video or
swapping out the screens for a MacBook
Pro 15 inch retina computer and this is
the same computer that I fixed the logic
board had water damage and I fixed it
with alcohol and all that stuff and
unfortunately I think the alcohol we can
some of the components connections and
when I was detaching one of the cables
for the monitor the terminal that's
connected to the motherboard broke off
so I need to see if my local compare
computer repair shop can reattach it
otherwise
it's a new logic board so unfortunately
the computer repair process was
uneventful he told me I probably won't
be able to get that done and I wish you
the best of luck
Sydal I may have to get a new logic
board which really sucks but
it is April Fool's Day and we're headed
to my brother's house I plan on getting
product a really really
I'll show you more in a second all right
so if Veronica is coming over here to do
crafts I told her that me and Josh are
probably going to shoot some guns but
it's April Fool's Day so we're gonna
have some fun with this
I brought a second pair of pants we're
gonna shoot a hole in it and then I'm
gonna fill it with hamburger meat and
fake blood and then make her believe
that we shot my leg Josh we'll see you
go ahead all the way through that's fine
I'm gonna be sitting on the ground when
she finds me oh okay I'll rip it up a
little bit yeah so you've seen us make
fake blood before all you need is corn
syrup red food coloring and then
chocolate syrup and I don't know that I
don't know the exact mixes but you just
put it in until it looks like blood that
awesome cool all right check it out it
looks better off camera but looks like
blood bread bread so to heighten the
realism I have a bag a hamburger then
I'm gonna I made like a patch of duct
tape and we're gonna put the hamburger
on the duct tape and make that little
pouch of beef right there so the meat is
sticking out of the pants all covered in
blood it's gonna be so good yeah check
this out that's gonna be covered with
blood looks like a meaty shot up leg now
we got to just hide our pieces and wait
till Veronica gets here and then it's
show time
Veronica's gonna be here any minute so
we're setting up our range where we're
going to be shooting everything looks
legit my pants and the blood is down
there behind that building Samantha's
gonna keep her busy we're gonna fire off
couple rounds after the fourth round
that's gonna be the shot that hit me and
I'm gonna hit the ground right here got
a camera here I'm just gonna start
screaming like a little girl
like I would if I really got shot you
didn't scare the neighbors yeah
hopefully this goes well it's April
Fool's Day so I hope she doesn't you
know suspect anything
Veronica is here she's inside I just got
my stage pants on splash a bunch of this
blood on my pants and then the madness
happens
Oh Josh get Veronica back inside can I
can come back a bath Oh funny
Karen the grass there here's the camera
here Oh
oh my gosh thank you for coming to
rescue me Ani I almost died oh here take
me here take the camera yeah I gotta
change my hands I wanna see you shake
your that's not nice oh my god look hmm
you thought it was real it is a real
bullet hole but we shot earlier
hi vibe no high five that's not funny
they did look great I'll give you that
I'm the master prop master Gil I can't
stop shaking
what is that
that's our fake blood well you think
yeah but oh that's not funny you know
hard oh I'm glad you came to my rescue
just so you know that's how I would
really scream if I got shot in the leg
that's hard I doubt it no no no I don't
I think it's alright there's my April
Fool's prank let's see if you can top
that Veronica is gonna have nightmares
for months I gotta get this cleaned up
what did you think real did you hear me
scream Wang yeah yeah yeah could use
more blood I think look so honey are you
okay here you calm down now like I had a
little heart attack I just got done
reviewing all the footage of different
GoPro angles and I wish so bad that I
had this camera right beside me so I
could have got your face and the wound
but didn't it would have gave it away
did it look real yeah it looked real
especially like since I've worked in the
hospital and the emergency room and
stuff and seeing wounds like that in it
look legit ah I was like so freaked out
good for you
that was uh I think that may have been
the best prank that I've ever pulled on
a grave disagree yeah meet Josh's bird
tie-dye
and hers awesome welcome to YouTube say
something
things like whoa you're holding them
dinner really so we're back home Josh uh
we just let the boys play burden and
stay too late it's already 10 o'clock so
we're back home you ready for bed dude
grab snacks
oh you got a grocer he's gotta grab
snack Collin already went to bed he goes
I'm tired go to bed oh she's getting
tired too
okay she's like a sack potatoes yeah
cute huh QG Sacre taters you ever saw
that's right that's right yeah we'll see
you in the morning and the good rainy
morning to you look at the rain it's
starting to clear up though it was
actually thundering and lightning
earlier the first thunderstorm of the
year which I thought was pretty cool
because I loved understorms what are you
up to we are coloring Easter egg well
she's got eggs more eggs even more eggs
from coloring cups oh my goodness look
at this bronc even made these custom
little egg stands out of toilet paper
rolls clever I left the camera idle for
so long this morning to see if Veronica
would pay me back huh
for messing up her brain yesterday but
she didn't horrible I'm sorry by the way
so she didn't get me back and I think
that's about all we have for today the
kids are going to color Easter eggs I
have to drive an hour about halfway to
Cincinnati to meet up with my buddy to
deliver a hard drive and and yeah I
think today's going to be kind of an
inside day so we're gonna do a bunch of
Easter stuff alright guys that's all I
got for today time to set the camera
down we'll see you right back here
tomorrow
