we got to go I need tracing paper
you guys ever used tracing paper I'm
making a project for Veronica's stepmom
and I got a I got to do some tracing so
we need to go in town and get some
tracing paper wait I told you I wouldn't
see you guys today
but today's April 1st haha April Fool's
I bet you guys didn't know that the boys
the boys these boys they don't have
school this week they're actually on
spring break this week and we pulled him
out of school last week to go to the
beach and the beach was actually it
wasn't planned we had talked about going
with my parents my parents made the
reservation but Veronica wanted to go so
bad I couldn't bear to tell her no so at
the very last minute we're like all
right we're going so we went you're
right you guys ready yeah the Hobby
Lobby trip continues when's the last
time you were in here beno√Æt huh yeah
you don't even know yeah hobby lobby's
got it all don't then tracing paper
tracing paper watercolor Tracey
I don't need a big wound yeah yeah
tracing paper yeah
I also need one of those black pigment
pins those things are perfect for
tracing they're kind of expensive I
forget the name of them too but they're
the best okay not sure which one they
don't have the ones that I got in school
they sent us these pins in school that
were kind of like this and they're super
fine points which is what I want which I
probably want like a medium Cline
where'd you get three C's pcs oh you all
right you okay so before Veronica gets
home I sit I'm sitting here on the
computer trying to we like to go see
concerts and stuff in the summertime and
I'm trying to book a concert for us I
know Veronica really likes Sam Smith and
I do too we both do it was either Taylor
Swift or Sam Smith and I probably get in
trouble if we went to Taylor Swift
because I'd be goo goo all day I'm
looking at sites to find tickets and I
found this score big site it's a place
to find tickets but what's unique about
it is that you can you can get your own
price like you can choose your own
ticket price so like say I want to sit
in Section 122 this is at the
Schottenstein Center in Columbus 122 you
can say typically those ticket prices
are up to 90 bucks and I'm gonna say
because I know I can get a ticket for 70
bucks
so you put in here your bid for the
ticket price and it tells you if it will
be successful or not so like if I put in
25 bucks not looking good it but if I
put in closer to the range like 70 bucks
it's it looks like it'll probably go and
the way this works already got them the
way this works is if it accepts your bid
then you get the tickets right then and
there but if it if you don't if you
don't put in the right amount that you
want to pay then it rejects your bid and
you have to rebid but then you have to
choose a different section so it's kind
of like seat roulette but you get to
save money on these ticket prices which
sometimes can be pretty expensive and I
think what's cool about is too is it
they don't just do concerts there's
baseball basketball football hockey
there's even Broadway shows which we
don't have Broadway shows where we live
but I'm all about the music you know I'm
not a big sports guy so yeah score big
is a great place to get tickets because
I'll be honest I saved about 25 percent
on my ticket prices which is good and
this show is July 29th are you going
I'll tell you what score big actually
hooked me up with the promo code to give
you guys worth a hundred bucks so if you
want to go to the same show I'm going to
I left you guys a little treat in one
frame of the vlog is a promo code that
you can use to enter when you order your
tickets you put in that promo code and
you get a hundred bucks this is no joke
whoever finds it first gets it it's up
for grabs
so make sure you keep a close eye on the
vlog and find that promo code and put it
in before someone else does and if you
are unlucky enough to happen to have
found the promo code they also gave me a
$20 off
purchase of 110 so if you don't find the
promo code and you'd still want to get
tickets and save even more money I'll
put that in the link in the description
for you guys to use but I'm going to a
concert
definitely I can't wait watch this
look what the boys have been up to I was
busy upstairs watch this
he's serious doing this you made a
little what do you what would you call
this a little bouncy construction yes
like a oh yes it's all we don't like
hurt on the hard floor yeah that's what
it's for
I'm gathering that you have a perfectly
good trampoline outside we're doing yeah
Colin just said they have it here you
want to do this it's really fun
no I can't do that I'm old I'll break a
hip or something yeah yeah Lundy said
Colin just said they have nothing to do
in here that's because we took away
their Kindles and I can't play games
because what did you do Colin you threw
it he got mad because his tablet
wouldn't connect to the internet today
FBI which is very bad you don't do that
you don't do that oh good I'm better
than you
this high and you're look who's home
me and the baby skin tummy time huh come
a time Liza hello she don't see much hmm
she's chewing on the pillow night look
these boys down you know what I'm taking
this this is going downstairs finally
make it's been so long since I've moved
out of here I'm finally taking these
things where they belong
and I also decided that this one is
going above me and Branca bed that's
where that's gone this still don't know
what to do with that it's good night I'm
tell they're like gladiators good night
hey and Carson did we get a good night
from you yeah oh good morning the boys
the boys are downstairs playing I'm
gonna hop in the shower it's April
Fool's Day and I have these I'm sure
Oh Colin almost caught me I got these
contacts that I I got for Halloween that
completely black out my eye and Colin is
a super huge sissy when it come to that
kind of stuff so soon as I got a shower
I'm gonna go downstairs and say there's
something why I help me and then he's
gonna freak out what do you think looks
a little different I think the boys
gonna freak I'm gonna go downstairs and
drop the camera with Veronica and then
start acting
as they're running from you what's wrong
what's wrong look at them look at a
little close you're scared I'm gonna
tell them it's a proposed boy cars away
it's April Fool's it's just a joke what
this is contact it's a joke
big thing I don't like it Oh pranking
you bro
it's pranks all day it's just a prank
it's just an April Fool's joke
you still love you I'm still daddy hey
man like daddy with that way poor little
fella
oh and says Fermoy hello gals good
Veronica I just love you that's all
that's all I wanted to say and then I
have to go downstairs guys today we're
shooting a tutorial for replacing the
screen on a Retina 15-inch MacBook Pro
here's the new screen I'll show you all
you guys get the sneak peek a forgetful
 bag that's an electrostatic bag
keeps it from building static
electricity so yeah here's the new
monitor whole casing and everything
because this one is you probably can't
see it probably no way to see it but
it's cracked it's broken it's spider web
this part actually is coming out
this display is trash it is total trash
and to be honest this computer didn't
work when I got it it was it had water
damage so I took the logic board out
soaked it in 9
percent alcohol and brushed it brought
it back to life this thing works all I
need to do is fix the screen and it's a
perfectly good computer again what the
matter sweetheart don't be sad oh I
still haven't had a cup of coffee yet so
I'm gonna pick her up probably feed her
a bottle get a cup of coffee get all my
morning ritual stuff done and it is
April Fool's Day
so the pranky continues later on alright
guys time to set the camera down can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
