have you been to gladiator stuff calm
yet if you haven't you should check it
out this is the place you can get all
your gilroy gladiator and the original
gilroy blogs t-shirt we decided since we
came back from vacation that we wanted
to take a couple days off of the logging
we took a week off so I have a lot of
stuff to catch up on I have some how-to
videos to film I have taxes to get done
I have a computer to repair that will do
a video on that also and I just wanted
to kind of regroup and reset my mind
this summer is going to be really busy
and a lot of cool stuff is going to be
happening for me which is incredibly
awesome and I can't wait to share with
you guys but I didn't want to leave you
hanging for a couple days without a vlog
so if you recall while we were in outer
banks I shot a bunch of footage of the
beach and a bunch of other places around
the outer banks that I wanted to share
with you guys so I put together a really
cool nature video that I want to share
with you guys right now
you
what would you think was it cool I
thought it was cool I'll get better and
better at those types of videos the more
I shoot them and I really didn't have
much footage to use because it was only
one nice day really to film so here I go
making excuses anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed that video it was fun to make
and I can't wait to do more like that
we're going to take a lot of time this
summer to go around to a bunch of nature
areas close to us and do the same sort
of thing so we can show you guys what
what's out there I have a lot of work to
get done I really hate to do this to you
and give you a short vlog but it is what
it is make sure you go check out
gladiator stuff calm because I want you
guys to have the coolest t-shirts on the
internet and yes they are the coolest I
suppose that's all i have for you today
thank you so much for watching I can't
wait to see you right back here to
tomorrow's
you
