alright guys it's a time he is ready to
go home yeah excited to see fluffy well
let's load up guys ready no I'm sorry
you have to do I need a minute I need a
minute says the kid in the car alright
we're leaving certain camera yep get my
last footage is on the way out like I
say footage is the dishes today's videos
we travel back home is gonna be a mix of
stopping to eat in music montages so
cute amis
you
it's top number one we're gonna get food
at Dairy Queen and we had to get some
gasoline we have to go potty and you
gotta pee we were ahead of these guys
but look who's showdown nah I didn't
even see is all right we shaved 15
minutes off of our first stop usually
it's one hour 47 minutes we got food
babies fed kids have pottied big ol
burger here we go
don't number two this one's for me
because I've tired we started driving a
six in the morning and it's now 12 so
six hours already six hours of driver
daddy's getting tired I started doing
the whole like droopy I think so I was
like the weirdest bathroom I think I've
ever visited the toilets use I saw a
sign that said the toilets use recycled
mineral oil to flush the toilets yeah
it's pretty gross especially when every
toilet looks like it's totally full of
pee I'm ready get home ready to get home
these long car rides really suck they're
fun in a way with your legs hurt cuz
you're sitting too how are you holding
up calling
we stopped at wendy's the old wendy's
got a quick bite so did eliza you get
your belly full deer in headlights all
right Eliza everyone's dying to know if
you could sum up your experience at the
beach for the first time ever in one
word facial expression or sound what
would it be
we're waiting what would it be okay I
guess that's good
oh yes we're home I drove the whole way
what do you drink cuz you wanted to
drive haha she'd just been fed words for
me I am so deliriously tired by the way
but we can't stop here you know why
because it's sunday and what happens on
Sunday at nine p.m. eastern the walking
dead and we just have about 20 minutes
to catch it let's go before I can't
kitty how have you been listen to him
did you miss us huh oh poor yeah yeah he
missed us mom all came over every day to
make sure fluffy was fed and watered his
cat box oh yeah we made it home in time
before we unload the Jeep before we do
anything walking walking dead season
finale yes what I just saw this guy he
was a zombie and we had that guy just
killed him with the stick Oh a really
long stick it was like powerful weapon
that looks good last night after the
walking dead I look over Veronica and
the baby passed out and I said that
looks nice mm-hmm what time did you wake
me up it's like 230 she's like let's go
to bed can't believe you let me sleep
down here well we're home we're home and
I've got a lot of stuff to do the baby
has a doctor's appointment today to get
her first rounds of shots done need
explanations I hate this Oh baby how
many a lot at least three when the boys
got their shots when they were babies
soon as I mean and it's like it's
multiple shots they have to get
vaccinations and stuff as soon as they
stick the baby oh my god it breaks your
heart man she's gonna lose it I'm gonna
go take a shower and have a cup of
coffee huh Oh guys welcome home I'm set
this camera down see you right back here
