look who shot
hey hey Jen it's the Gladius here yeah
ha welcome good it's our last day what
are you leaving yeah bye amber everyone
tell amber bye
yeah she's awesome that's Veronica's
cousin she's really nice bye amber the
time has come to say goodbye to my
family did you guys have a good time yes
we didn't really get to go to the beach
but the kids got to play and then get to
see my cousin I haven't seen a long time
got to catch up on old times
mmm but gotta say her goodbyes till they
come to Ohio wait you guys are gonna
come up okay we're sad to say goodbye to
family I haven't seen in a long long
time but I'm glad that we got to see him
and they amber my cousin she got to meet
the baby and she's pretty excited about
that so until next time we'll just have
to keep up on Facebook so I also had to
make a run to the good old Food Lion to
get more cheese for dinner tonight and
as I'm pulling into the parking lot I'm
noticing something it is snowing here
which I know we come when it's cold but
it's it's been chilly but it's never
actually snowed in there are some pretty
big snowflakes coming down this guy he's
gonna steep up on on the logs that's
pretty cool
I just love this place I don't know what
it is about it a little bit of
everything I think
started the coal car all by myself
nicely done we're all back together it's
time to start enjoying the last few
hours
it's very cold isn't it yep he's a diva
Oh remember fluffy yeah fluffy don't
forget fluffy yeah no we won't forget
fluffy
here let me get us out of here and then
you can drive ladies and gentlemen start
your engines three two one go oh gosh
Juna you're really doing it
Oh DOS so we're driving up and down the
beach and poor Eliza's she can't get out
because it's really really cold windy
but the boys found the same dune that we
were at the other day they named it
Sandeep all the dune sandy balls
and they just like to run up and down it
so funny even though it wasn't sunny hot
the whole time this is what the vacation
was all about just being with them and
enjoying their company and growing and
bonding as a family I think if it were
sunny and hot we'd have all been too
busy boogie-boarding and jumping in the
waves and stuff or building sandcastles
I think we got more out of it this time
yeah awesome
wipeout yeah they do it on purpose
we just took we just took our family
photo for being at the beach I'll show
it to you we have to have allies in the
Jeep but we didn't want to take her out
to get her sick or something so we took
a picture with her still in the safety
of the Jeep love it but lower that's
beautiful it's our last day
I swear on my life it is snowing right
now I don't know if you can see it on
the Jeep but it is snowing can you see
it it's seriously I've never never ever
been at this beach well it's 9:00 hey
what's this go go go go we were blessed
with one spot of clear skies with the
Sun how awesome is that how awesome is
that you can get a suntan for 30 seconds
did you have a good time yeah it wasn't
a crazy exciting you know paddleboarding
and all that stuff
new baby and I'm not I'm fully recovered
but not pulling it back to myself is it
nice relaxing down
that's what she wanted so she gets lucky
we're all driving around and we turn
down this little road and I thought how
awesome is that
hey dad so I need to get some footage of
that with my other camera what that
house right there yeah we stayed at the
house the tea house person had his turn
driving now it's Colin's turn hop in
here big boy guys are gonna be called
the dune masters you like that hey that
yellow house is for sale we should buy
it
look this house right here we stayed at
before before you had oh wow
yeah we just left you home huh so you
can get these really nice awesome
extravagant huge houses or you can get
something like this
it's got oh it's got a tall man trailer
look that's like a that's like a
hillbilly deluxe rental right there I
came across another one we used to stay
at this is Magnus opus I can tell you
that particular house is awesome one of
the biggest it's got a movie theater
it's got a sauna pool table foosball
table pullout back with a hot tub the
upstairs is incredibly huge day to deal
kiddie table to be pool okay we poured
in a volleyball court yeah that place is
awesome
look at it's huge can't you see the
horses good does everyone see the horses
about you get excited yeah look look
they're over there
grazing silly on what I don't know
because there's nothing
it's literally dead everywhere my dad's
getting a lot of forage on these horses
what okay
boom oh my and just drop the camera
sorry guys I dropped you we're gonna go
we're gonna go Masterson lunch are all
hungry
as soon as chooses done doing what he
does he's out there filming the horses
he's gonna make a really cool videos I
thought you loved horses
I do love horses he's gonna make a
really cool video of all of what this
place has to offer for most of it look
the sightseers showed up
oh my Becky would you look at those
horses I know Carol
that one's hung like a alright you're
gonna scare them make sure you hide
behind the door until someone comes okay
all the way behind it yep also Nick
found a giant horseshoe rod we're gonna
go cut it up you want to you're gonna
really cut the whole thing up oh yeah
is it freshly dead okay all right let's
see this thing oh look at this
seriously snowing yeah dude that thing's
huge
oh yeah look at it now he's washing it
out wash it crab you wash your crabs eh
crabs off you're gonna wash the crabs to
keep it crab free
now it's just a shell we're gonna do
that hanging on the wall really quit
hanging outside keep cross the two
stalks this is one of the hard parts
having to head home is that all the food
that you get while you're here
everything left at the end yes either
take it with you or throw it away
because usually when we pack we don't
leave much room in the Jeep for food so
all this food we have to eat tonight
you're gonna help me eat it mom mom just
say something mom say ooh
Reese's look at Veronica's findings from
the beach that's only one Bay would you
have those others full yeah oh my gosh
let's see all of you so I found this
time you know all the whole clam shells
I don't know if they'll make it home I
told you she was a shell hoarder I told
you she was a shell hoarder that's hard
to say even if it's broken it's okay hmm
we're making meatloaf for dinner listen
to this tell me this isn't Italian me
move tell me if this isn't the most
annoying sound in the whole world listen
while waiting on dare to cook we're
taking one last stroll down to the beach
Veronica what's your favorite thing to
gather before you leave the beach
San Veronica wants to take back two and
a half gallon ziplock bag pulls in why I
don't know but it's happening oh he's
crazy
look at this amount of shelves
this sand is very very loose thick and
thick so the engine keeps have to run
full speed just to get through it but
this is a cheat baby we can we can get
through some tough stuff it's your dad
he's bouncing all over bumps bumps this
is where we part ways I gotta stay with
the baby in the Jeep you go find some
good funds okay okay I'll try
I'll be back I'll be right here I'll be
along okay hmm
what's that I'm kill a pinecone gonna
get about Satan yeah
never seen a pinecone at the beach well
let's see we can see the sunset
I'm trying oh I hope this didn't make it
flex there goes what's going down this
is Virginia there's nothing back here
lots of dunes the sunset is so pretty
and I just so happen to have the verb
camera up on the house doing a
time-lapse
I hope the battery is still going
because if it is this is going to be a
really beautiful sunset
what's the best view I can get you guys
from down here
look how bright red it is back here yeah
it's like the Sun Sun is right did I
just say some song it's just like the
Sun it definitely is pretty are you
serving me my last supper
look at that Italian meatloaf here that
looks fantastic holy cow
Oh me yeah Oh it's our last supper Oh
everything's getting packed boys are
getting ready for bed so much to do
still including editing this video
tonight so that you guys can have a blog
tomorrow we'll be on the road tomorrow
all day long all day long okay tell me
come did you have a super awesome fun
time true - Carson your thoughts I just
wanna go home
No and you my love so we got a lot of
work to do the baby's very upset I need
to get some stuff done so it's time for
sets cam down earlier thank you guys so
much for coming with us on our vacation
we had a ton of fun even though it
wasn't incredibly energetic yeah all
right guys thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here
