you believe this they went he got in the
hot tub without me deck by the time i
was done editing i come downstairs to
find all these guys out in the hot tub
and i would have so enjoyed honestly in
the rain wow that's cold yeah tober and
I said you're gonna get him a hunch of
those later ok I will for sure for sure
actually we none of us who brought any
swimwear to the beach so I actually had
to buy swimming shorts yesterday they
just get in there underwear and mommy
well what do you wearing just a tank top
let me see all right you go get dressed
oh they're gonna get dressed I am
actually gonna brush up on my pool game
because my dad and my mom have been
whooping me thoroughly I don't know what
it is I can't get the angles right if
it's any more than like you have to hit
the ball from the side of just the right
angle I can't get the angles right
definitely a to practice your self is
deer in headlights look its okay its
okay its movie day watching The Hobbit
the habit enjoyed some snacks
no go on ah are you okay did you a heart
attack mmm so sorry so sorry no broncas
got family in town
cousin hammer yeah yeah so she's gonna
go pick up amber and her three kids and
they're gonna spend the night with us no
that's fun fun time yeah unfortunately
the I think the weather has some effect
on the internet here because today's
upload said something like 500 minutes
so I'm going to be able to get that one
up early today too pricey it later
tonight but Veronica's out there
cleaning the Jeep just care
good oh that's hilarious I thought you
would have jumped and got scared more
she gonna be okay with being on the blog
oh I see won't we mmm she has to go
alone because it's gonna be her cousin
amber kids heads so she's gonna have a
carpool be careful take the gladiators
the Bears will keep you safe you gotta
go in here come on let's go love you be
careful come back to me I will it's kind
of hard for you guys to see but those
horses right across the neighbor's yard
they just come right up to the yarn
it's pretty rainy and yucky weather
today hasn't been very nice but it's
still good relaxing time away with my
family you know we had we had baby and
everything just seems so chaotic I guess
at home my name is very nice to get away
I'm just sitting here waiting on my
cousin to get here now we got to park
her car because she does I'm four wheel
drive so she's parking her car here at
the realtor office and they're all
riding back in the Jeep with me to the
house I'm gonna cook out well we'll
probably won't cook out what cooking
hamburgers and hot dogs finally Veronica
came back at the camera I missed
everyone did you miss everyone horse
yeah well is that we watched the new
Hobbit five armies five armies epic that
movies so cool of me and on that TV with
blu-ray those movies are so awesome a
little known fact Peter Jackson directs
that movie and he shoots the Hobbit and
Lord of the Rings I'm pretty sure the
hobbit also but shoots those movies in
48 frames per second did you know that
it's kind of an odd number 48 frames per
second that's a lot of frames what we
got for dinner hamburgers french fries
hot dogs are in the microwave no they're
here right here no big ones big we
nursed big wieners hot doin callin I
want to know why um
today why didn't we want it I know why
do you hate the camera it's awesome look
at the top look at the spike on top that
makes it more friendly listen why don't
we go play some pool or something matter
of fact hold on I tweeted earlier i said
what should we do today for the blog it
was to choose your own blog but every
option there's a ton just wait i'll tell
ya ultimate hide-and-seek no gilroy
family packs egg roulette board game we
could say hi to our Spanish viewers hola
we could do scavenger hunt around the
house what yeah we don't want to sketch
it my mom watches 50 shades of grey hmm
oh we could play spin the bottle no nerf
war would be so sick if we had nerve we
have nerf gun giveaway a computer nope
you know play hide and seek dad Nick we
you guys play hide and seek for the vlog
it's not the snake hide and seek here no
I guess then what we're gonna have to do
is just either play pool or fail
horribly
vlog for today look at the look at the
boys found themselves the slumber party
with the tablets and whatnots Carson are
you sleeping in here on this same bed
with all these other guys yeah are you
sure that's a good idea okay hey Cameron
you gonna sleep like a puppy dog at the
foot of the bed no I yeah Oh like a cat
of course I was way off well this is my
night Veronica's still upstairs hanging
out with her cousin amber and I'm ready
to go to sleep so I'm just gonna put on
a movie relax watch something fall
asleep and maybe we'll get into
something better tomorrow today was
kinda yeah we sit around and watch
movies all day and basically did a whole
lot of nothing but that's what vacations
are all about right especially when it's
raining out
you
that was a beautiful sunrise wasn't I
got up early especially put that camera
out hey good morning I think mommy's
upstairs making breakfast who and go see
you won't go see huh oh there's my smile
I'd take myself a quick shower would you
make for breakfast honey french toast
bacon oh yeah Christo's look at that
glorious pile of AP behold the bacon big
fan of making like big fan dude I think
I'm gonna have to first get myself down
ah well it's our last day in the Outer
Banks branca what do you want to do
enjoy it yeah hey yeah I go home I want
to stay too but we have to go back to
Ohio are you having fun did you have a
good time we got one last day to kill it
ready to have some fun don't be sad they
love the beach so much it's always so
hard in your home but we have to we have
so I'm gonna get this blog up for you
guys cuz that's my daily duty and we're
gonna have some fun today maybe go
fishing try and kill a little more
fishing why that's something this time
all right guys it's time to set the
camera down thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here
