guys our whole entire first half this
day got rained out look at this look at
this back here all that darkness and
garbage it's been super rainy all day
but ahead of us looks very promising
hey clearing up yeah we're going into
town we're taking a trip into town to
get some more groceries and we need more
gas so we can cruise these crabs always
want hermit crabs I've seen a bunch of
people mention like how do we you know
how do we get this house whose house is
it well all these houses back here all
of them they belong to private owners or
the realty company and there's a there's
a couple of them actually there's twitty
there's Sun Realty and there's southern
shores Realty and those companies rent
out these houses they're just vacation
rentals and it it costs a bunch of money
depending on the time of year you come
like if you come in the summer like the
middle of the summer it's super
expensive it's like probably three and a
half four thousand dollars for a
medium-sized house for one week
and they're huge though so you have a
ton of rooms and you can get a bunch of
families together and each family only
has to pay so much so that's usually
what we try to do now this time of year
it's it's much cheaper because it's not
peak season it's a little colder but
there's just so many houses to choose
from so many oh my goat should we take
it I think we should take it we're gonna
take it put my window up oh we're not
gonna splash it in what scares me is all
the electrical cords like running around
everywhere that's it pretty that's a
pretty substantial drop already or
you're not here hold this while I do it
because we got to do it you better
oh that wasn't so bad
that's great because you can't see the
bottom you don't know if it's gonna hook
if you're gonna go straight into it or
it's just shallow we came down here we
ran into a hole with my buddy Scott and
he goes I'm just gonna floor it I'm just
gonna floor it so it floors it and the
whole front end of the Jeep hits like
bottom and all this water comes in
it was literally all the way up over the
the hood of the Jeep Gary let's go up to
the beach okay also on superwinch
there's this very table they may come in
changes but Soren you need crab food
wife sponges
I think you need to feed them like
before bed and every morning
and like right after you eat lunch
when you eat we made it we made it fresh
off the beach look these are the first
sets of houses they see when you come
off the beach these ones are so nice I
want to get actually back there the
first one right before you hit the sand
on the left or the last one that's one
we've always looked at and said we want
to stay there just because it's so nice
you could probably spend a lifetime
written all these different houses down
here and having a different experience
every time you come down I skip just oh
crap okay looks good Colin listen well
that one comes with food and a sponge
doesn't it have a sponge fell under
those sponge I see
get one with the sponge monster he's
probably like 25 years old a big boy oh
nice choice I see
this is the one the last time we brought
home hermit crabs they didn't survive
the winter but we're here in spring food
Carson penguin crab cones got the guitar
hey you don't need that gavage we missed
it back there's the food lion we just
stopped in the food line to get the
groceries that's really your your first
stop to get food coming back from the
four by four peaches of course there's
all kinds of little markets the super
wings your novelty store super Wings
there they want you to spend money when
you come to this town I mean that's how
all of their economy thrives I saw all
this tourism so the majority of your
shopping is souvenir type stuff all
really cheaply made tech toys Outer
Banks
what not that and the actual vacation
rental houses that's dirt cheap those
aren't cheap those aren't cheap but this
place really is a good place to go if
you have a family
like for instance when I was younger we
used to go to a Panama City Beach
Florida and that place is off the hook
with bars he drink in Spring Break is
crazy Panama City I wish we kind of went
to spring back together
but all do you don't go to Panama City
that's for the young college kids
I'm not gonna get old ever I'm never
gonna
I don't know about you guys but I've had
enough time in town right get back to
the beach let's go the house right there
double anchor we've always wanted to
rent it's quite big awesome I love the
awesome
Oh God Oh God
Veronica's about to get excited where do
you see the horses that's awesome this
would be the first set of horses that
I've seen since we got here we'll get
you guys nice and close so you can have
a good look
however I believe the law is that you're
not supposed to be within 50 feet of
these horses
these are Spanish Mustangs right yeah
yeah you got to go slow so we can get a
picture
there they are
yeah
okay do me a favor
actually I need to get some footage of
them with my DSLR we got to go up here
in little ways so they can come out in
the camera
and we park here
so if you got the camera sitting out
there the horse is about to walk by I
thought this little stumpy area you know
with the horses I thought that would be
a really cool shot so it's fixed morning
down the beach
it's really pretty
I'm just hoping that the horses don't
stop and take a bike
that's gonna be sick
that shot is money it's awesome
we'll let it run for a minute
I like that I don't know how good that
feel to you but to me as a filmmaker
that shot is gonna be so beautiful
she's like can we go now honey horses
are coming you need this shot I'll show
it to you right now just that one foot
see what I mean you can't buy footage
like that
locks up for me oh man they're fighting
that's on camera do we think Carson you
happy with your crab mm-hmm
you like you like your crab yeah what'd
you name it get clever they left the
house with pan out Paranormal Activity 2
on which I actually kind of want to
watch and they made some of this super
awesome buffalo chicken dip this stuff
is so good looks like there's another
storm coming in I think it's a really
cool opportunity to do a storm
time-lapse because they're still Sun
above us this camera mount didn't do
awesome time all right it's time to prep
for dinner mom tell us what we got
pulled pork you're currently pulling it
and you're using this sweet honey
barbecue what about a sweet baby road
that's the good stuff smells good
okay oh crap
Krim I don't work here we are here shell
hunting again
so much out here today with low tide
tides out
two broken pieces and parts and shells
walk
like I said there's just a bunch pieces
apart well look what I found
just half of a sand dollar but I've
never found on before ever so it's my
first finding ever understand
is what it's like shell hunting you just
walk through
shelves
see sometimes you'll find little pieces
like that
Oh
that's gross
good morning love well it's morning we
took last night off
well we didn't take it off we just took
it off and vloging look at today it's a
rainy beach a rainy Beach it's a rainy
Beach Nick yes you guys I've seen a lot
of people in the comments asking who is
this guy this is Nick this is my cousin
Kyra's husband Nick the man with the
master plan and a coffee in his hand
nokay goes today I guess that's all for
today guys the weather really kind of
turned on us so today's probably gonna
be an inside day I'm definitely gonna
battle the boys and either Call of Duty
or battlefield so we're gonna get some
gaming on probably a movie day I'll
probably try and work on that video that
I shot see if I can get a couple more
footages from the balconies because it's
it's gonna rain all day it sucks but for
now I'm gonna play with this little girl
for a little bit and then get this video
upload for you guys to watch listen
thank you so much for coming along with
us on our vacation it's been a low-key
vacation mostly because little Eliza
can't do much huh
we said smile all right guys that's all
for us today thank you so much for
watching I can't wait to see you right
back here
