who's ready for some fun in the Sun are
you ready for fun in the Sun yeah don't
get me we better get dressed it is a
beautiful day oh don't hurt me it's a
beautiful day we got to get the kids
dressed and go outside why because it is
nice out where it's not windy outside on
the deck it's so warm so warm so let's
get dressed let's get dressed okay get
you don't you get me we got the whole
crew babies in back Collins gonna help
me drive it's still come chilly but it's
so beautiful sun shining it's actually
warm in the sun so we are gonna have
some uh I'm bringing the tripod and my
get my my DSLR so I'm gonna do some
stock photos and footage of the beach
maybe try and make like a travel video
I'm just for fun why is his first trip
down to the beach she's sleeping she's
sleeping I might take her out I got this
thing I can bundle or up in when I might
take her out just for a minute and then
her and I go hang out in the back of the
Jeep dear look boys open at the beach
waits his boys coming up I got this
camera set up doing a time lapse of the
clouds because it's the clouds are
moving pretty fast I think that'll look
cool and gonna shoot some video up here
on this dune we're all that stuff's
buried in the sand I thought that was
kind of cool so yeah I'm gonna shoot
while the kids are playing good times
what are you playing mike is pretend
minecraft your crafting wheat are you
using wheat to craft bread yeah not to
eat cheese nachos and cheese I never
knew you could craft nacho some cheese
look at this shot I don't know if you
can see it alright not know you can't
see it I guess well just imagine that's
what this shot looks like libero for
Veronica's down in the Jeep with the
baby she still wanted to bring the baby
today but it's nice and warm in there so
they're hanging out in the Jeep what do
you think karthi is this awesome or what
like the awesome thing but
yeah we can't go in the ocean it's too
cold we'll get there come back later the
year it's just beautiful isn't it maybe
in two days I made a sand angel hey dad
do you want to see this what are you do
what
haha
can't stop yeah
it's good
this is what it's all about guys the
beautiful world with your family
couldn't be better how's it going in
here good are you having fun at the
beach Liza huh are you having fun I know
it's awesome in the back of the Jeep on
well at least this is what she's been
looking at
I just can't take it I can't take it we
have to live here wouldn't be so awesome
if we move to the beach I think it would
for those of you live at the beach
you're probably like it's no big deal
but we live in Ohio and the best thing
that we have is a giant lake full of
muck so this is this is awesome Hey yes
what we could actually live at Blue yeah
yeah Torun took his cool Collin took his
kurta one day we will have this dream
that you know since we started vlogging
and stuff I thought it would be super
awesome if if we moved to different
cities and experienced all of what the
world had to offer and that'd be awesome
in order to be really cool is that you
guys get to see this traveling family we
go all these cool places and have
awesome times hi it's time to go back up
to the house we got a side view of
Carson's driving skills are you ready
Lexi driver good you're actually driving
it I'm actually really nervous oh I'm
actually a great driver you're doing
pretty good actually i'm actually at
steering i like the word actually too
huh oh there's a car coming alright we
came back had a quick lunch i forgot to
clean up my cup here sorry
now we're going to go down back down to
the beach and do some fishing I've never
really fished on shore before offshore
but it's gonna be fun and I'm gonna get
more clips i'm making this video of the
beach that i think is going to be so
cold i'm gonna show them the perfect red
tide fish because this is a fisherman's
knot this is a slipknot I slipping on
like the band so the tighter it pulls on
their bait the tighter than I get then
you just do a single not at the top
uh-huh
I think I got that
dad's the first one in through his line
in and he already got soaking wet got
stuck in the water
got the old camera out again
good job down my pole ready with some
squid and some fake blood worm time to
cast that baby in
good this guy's hanging out trying to
get our stuff think you're gonna take my
stuff bird wise guy
he's hanging around trying to get the
fish we got one I don't think so I don't
think so Oh think sup buddy I don't
think so oh we didn't catch nothing so
we're gonna I guess go for a little
Drive you boys gonna be okay back here I
guess so let's go real bumpy well hold
on to your niblets oh man my hair is
yeah Veronica would be very proud of me
i found her a nice nice little shell
here I'll damn look at that fish that
birds got I can't zoom on it either
big one
huh my boys are getting in on some hot
tub action hey boys hey up here huh are
you in your underwear are you in your
underwear oh my gosh what's her dinner
hero let's have a look hey don't forget
this in there early today oh crap how do
I get that off well let's just have a
look through the window oh oh look at
that steam come on Shh do that smells so
good oh look Veronica just sent me a
text don't cold water on them okay ooh
double barrel oh yeah a barrel shotgun
oh yeah double barrel coldness
move
here we go
terrorizing kids 101 yeah your class
dismissed are we gettin smiles you
didn't get you oh uh huh since I spent
all day out with the boys and fishing
after dinner I decided to hang out this
little lady yeah this is a cute little
lady to give mommy a little break and
it's about mm-hmm I think it's time to
play some video games Collin made his
own bed here so pooped out from the
beach it took it out these chairs and
stuff that's funny that's funny huh
Carson yeah yeah you're not tired no
yeah man you're a trooper trooper
trooper good morning gladiators today
we're going to be showing you the beach
and it's super warm out so
it's a bit windy today um it's it's a
bit foggy but I don't know how you guys
are gonna see it but it's still pretty
cool Monica such a nice morning dude set
the door yes brother that's good yeah
look a little bit windy just enjoying
myself a nice cup of coffee that is
scale partly made charter you heard the
boy it's a nice day out but i'll have
you look out this window well you can't
tell it's supposed to start raining here
in a couple of hours so this beautiful
picture is going to change into more of
that kind of picture the winds are gonna
pick ups like 20 miles an hour she
wasn't that bad but we gotta hurry up
and get outside of her getting outside
today mama bears make pancakes
Veronica's freshly showered she took a
trip to the beach this morning but
didn't stay very long did you find any
show no did you see the one I found for
you in the GF is awesome yeah it's
awesome it's awesome huh all right we're
gonna enjoy some breakfast I'm gonna get
some editing done pancakes and try and
get this day started before it turns to
total crap it's time to put the camera
down you'll see all of you guys right
back here tomorrow
you
