what is happening guys welcome to the
blog oh my sister as you know if she she
lives at home with the parents but today
today she's moving far far away we've
got our first load right here check this
out check out how far away is this rig
removal we got a full tank gas pipe back
down to our I like to believe brothers
mm sometimes just going to save this
one's brothers trying hurry up
we lost honey we're home pretty far
right literally living right across the
street
all believe in 30 85 degrees well what
are you doing oh god is calling okay got
a we're over here we are here moving we
had to come to this storage shed to get
the rest of Sean of stuff and hopefully
hopefully this is the last last thing
moving day guys please boys they're
getting a little restless why this
sentence and Shana we are gang move in
I'll chase and the boys are moving on
like something stuff it's here how much
on I get like the refrigerator clean get
some of the stuff around here like
cleaned up ready they're like move in
little pods first ensued they're feeding
us which is always always helpful when
you're helping somebody move and what if
I reverentially people are but me and
Scotty used to live in these exact
apartments long time ago but it still
looked the same and it's like super
nostalgic I mean in there good cool hi
I was gonna go wash your hands you can
you taco oh yeah
she's like going through some of her
stuff and whatnot
she found one of these she's like wow
this is how long storage units like
she's had to stuff in her storage unit
does anyone know what this is calling me
tell me what this is hard drive a hard
drive hey have you ever seen one before
no no yeah this used to be used for like
computers and stuff instead of using
flash drive we put it on a floppy disk
papi did I'll be a sloppy game huh hey
hey what do you do with the girl look at
mommy look at mommy
lady oh my goodness
I think you've got chalk all over her
hands and she's rubbing it all over her
face
hey hey don't get it in your eyes on me
that might hurt
let's go in and wash your hands off you
want it in your hair this is really girl
oh did you miss a spot
there's like a really big D boxing
happening unboxing D bhakti really big
unboxing happening now over at Shauna's
new plays the man this is a Matt Boni on
the serious note we got to go
it is Sunday and we got live streams on
Sundays you guys if you aren't following
me on Twitch do me a favor please help
support the channel us as creators come
over my god you say ha ha hassle ever
been crop-dusted by your mom yeah well
follow me on Twitch guys the links in
the description we have a lot of fun
it's very very engaged over there so
when you talking to chat I listen and we
Han turn this one so uh yeah wait are
you trying to take that Shana she wants
your doll well look she goes you up how
about we keep this here cuz this is
glass I'll tell you what you can bring
another animal with you take something
else could you be like oh and Shawn
you're supposed to give your believe
everything she wants yeah all right guys
so we're back home and we noticed when
we got here that what was gone we had
tremendous amount of rain and when we
got home we noticed that like our pool
cover is all like swapped up like that
and it wasn't like that originally it
was like halfway down the side of the
pool well this is very full it's not
supposed to be that full and from where
like we've got more rain on top of this
the pressure of this water is pushing
the water that's left in the pool down
and it's backing up in all the hoses
again and stuff so there's too much
water in here so Chase is getting the
hose and we're going to have to siphon
some of this water out
well anyone's going to have to put their
mouth on the other end of that hose and
concise in it out he can't get bees
apart
rusted together they are rusted she's
really tough because you don't know if
it is wide yeah right if you grunt like
use your 15 percent more horsepower nice
clean the pool in summertime how I have
to do like the vacuum thing is put in a
hose like this so you put the top in
first straight down in and then just
keep feeding the post straight down and
theoretically that would alleviate the
necessary need to suck on the hose
because the host should already be full
of water
sure
echo loves playing in the hose they look
that's going they're good on a full flow
angel no you have fresh water inside
echo Chris by my calculations that could
take probably three weeks at this rate
hahaha - my best friend she stopped by
to see me say hi for some reason she
woke up this morning without a Moy this
is too low horse would you do horsey
really say ah ah try sticking your
tongue out
you know what time it is
that's right if the sun is shining its
prime grill time to Scottie has it's
over tonight for a little bit of a
cookout Wow look at that
that's soft oh is that salty oh that's
he try this off was that orange sauce
ignorin salt also ha Lindsay has made
some delicious cookie stuffed mushrooms
put that mac and cheese we got sausages
in Veronica so the end of mushroom
season is right right here we got to get
out here in the woods trying to find
some more
well not really seeing anything
and we lost Scottie I see you Scott
what you got you got one nothing ah okay
case you're wondering did Caleb shoes
survive and the answer is not so much
dude that's bad
you're good another fair you're going to
need to throw those in the wash I love
you all right sorry
lady bra
lyza will complete with the scene it's
quite warm up here I mean we could turn
the air on but you could turn the air we
like don't turn the air on tough like
absolute and it's very hot every day it
is time for the kids go to bed it's time
for us to wrap things up I hope you guys
had fun with us today it's been been a
fun day just trying to help out the
family and like taking the day to give
to someone else feels good to do that
and we've got Sean into a new place -
that's awesome thumbs up for that and
yeah that's pretty much where we're
going to leave it for today guys thank
you so much for still hanging out with
us can't wait to see you right back here
