all right the vlog is uploading it's
probably gonna be three hours or so
before it goes live but in the meantime
I'm taking the boys to the beach let's
go you ready yes Colin you ready go to
the beach it's kind of cold but that's
okay
oh and it's super windy I'm definitely
gonna need to do something for this Mike
I'm gonna take care of that right now so
I got these wind jammer wind covers for
the camera Roman got me these for
Christmas and they're perfect for
reducing wind noise on this microphone
and since on this camera the microphone
is on top it's gonna be incredibly noisy
so I'm gonna take these and put right on
top so it's not too loud for you guys
check this thing out
looks like the cameras got a mohawk now
spike I just nicknamed the camera spike
that's fantastic
I'm only gonna leave this on for the win
but hey I just blew in it and I did a
test and didn't really take all the wind
noise away but I was blowing right on as
hard as I could so we'll see all right
boys let's go exploring let's switch to
our hand the action camera in the wind
field
what'd you find
yeah look there's Grandma and Grandpa I
got the camera out trying to take some
cool photos it's just so cold man
windy BRR oh look
come on yeah get your shoes boy it sucks
we gotta have our coats down here at the
beach but it's still funny yeah we're
gonna go for a little Drive instead down
the in the behind the dunes there's a
ton of roads back here that we can
cruise up so we're gonna go for a drive
there's a short ride but still fun right
he doesn't want to come back yeah we got
a little wet huh maybe mom was taking Oh
missed it
Kevin little bit twizzler time tell him
mom tell him about the twizzler time
what do you think about that did you
used to do this when your kid with the
twizzler test tell daddy talk to me tell
me you farted
viii nizzle
you're gonna take the Gladius to the
beach now me and the boys went down
earlier and since it's too cold to take
the baby down there it's a bad idea
so Veronica's gonna go with my hair do
some more shell hoarding so you're going
with her we're just gonna sit here and
watch some it's a movie we've made it
I'll get my bag now I'm good
I'm good
what
it's one more pack oh yeah oh I didn't
think about bringing that one all right
guys look at all these shells my bag is
gonna blow away if I like all of it how
do I do this I can't blog and hold the
bag at the same time there's a nice
little I don't know what kind of shells
these are
sometimes there's a bunch of broken
pieces there's
there's North Carolina and here's
Virginia
oh well cram my shoes getting wet oh
it's cool alright guys I'll try and show
you how how windy it is out here look
how the sands been away then the winds
blow tit and then like the shell the
shell is like blocking that last little
bit of sand behind it so we'll pull all
the way over
it's kind of cool so it was a very cold
out there my hands are like beat red
like okay I can't even feel on them my
cheeks my jaw like you guys nice and
warm up there sitting on my hands we
stop walking on the beach because we
were frozen and now go back in the truck
here and we're doing the drive-by Shelly
you found some sort of we don't quite
know what they are they actually look
ones of vertebrae Owens yeah one
actually looks like a vertebrae like a
black I'll show you guys that looks like
some sort of leather foul don't play we
don't find skull man
we got one that's destroyed tired and
then there's one left after she took the
camera went to the beach we got a
hardcore double movie fit movie sesh
with Nick and Keira I watched was the
best of me it's kind of a romantic movie
Keira wanted to watch really good movie
really good movie really sad and then we
just watched kill the messenger which
was a true story pretty crazy
both good titles recommend you ready for
bed honey
yeah Moe supposed to be nice
so we're gonna get to bed early try and
get up and get the most out of a nice
day and it's best to sleep while she's
sleeping good morning love
good morning Liza oh she's happy you
should feel this weather it's kinda
windy but if you stand over here like
right over here where there's no wind
it's like it's beautiful it is a
beautiful day at the beach we're gonna
go have some fun we gotta get everyone
fed breakfast all that stuff already got
my shower now I need to take care of the
rest
yeah you're eight - breakfast is -
pop-tarts why everyone's getting ready
I'm gonna make myself a cup of coffee
and kind of just sit here and enjoy this
view I mean that's the right thing to do
that's all we got for you today guys
time to set that camera down and get
some stuff done I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
