I have literally been in this basement
for hours hours I just finished filming
the Garmin VirB review and if you know
with this review comes the announcement
of the winner of the camera it's sitting
on under the camera I gotta get out of
here daylight's burnin it's pretty much
all burnt but we gotta do something fun
today right what are you doing what are
you doing
fluffy did we don't let ourselves here
come on have a little respect a little
respect
I'll tell you what picking the winner
for this this giveaway isn't gonna be so
hard because on the Garmin Instagram
account there's been over I think like a
thousand 80-something comments that I
have to look through and I noticed I've
been watching it throughout the week and
I noticed that a lot of them are
duplicate comments and the same people
but it's just so hard picking you know
the winner so earlier I tweeted for you
guys to give me two different numbers
the first number is gonna be how many
times I hit load comment the second
number is gonna be how many users I go
down from there I figured that's the
best way to pick because everyone
deserves a cool camera you know I think
so Veronica and the boys are over at the
atwood palace and i I don't have
anything to do so I'm gonna go my works
done I'm gonna go hang out with them you
guys want to go see Rome let's go dude
I'm gonna cry when this car bites the
dust
because I just put ten bucks in it gave
me over after thank you yes that's the
what the Honda's you can't beat on gas
mileage you really can I definitely know
something Spanish if I listen too long
I'm able to speak Spanish but do you
guys have any idea yet as to what I was
talking about yesterday as far as
spontaneity
I didn't something happened last night
that means I have a buttload of work to
get done by tomorrow at this time and
I'm really struggling to get through it
what I have to take a break and come
over here to hang out with the fam you
know just hang out look really
because here a little eyes it makes too
much noise doing to me why are you
marrying I was completely happy she just
woke up she was crying had to save her
this movie so we had a really nice
dinner and hangout session over at
Romans didn't really feel like plugging
a hole much just because hell ain't seen
the guy for a couple months and it was
good to just kind of hang out and catch
up you look guilty
come here mmm pluck your nose hairs I'm
good where are you at don't fight me
fight me you ready for bed it's time for
bed tomorrow's a big day we got a lot to
do lots to do literally we're cramming
three and a half days worth of work into
yesterday and today and I'm I'm bushed
this is real talk can you see these
there's like luggage under my eyeballs
all right kids the vlogs going up I'm
gonna take a little nap okay honey
good take a little nap
cuz I'm bushed bushed it means be in
exhaustion bushed
guys I got a bit of bad news the zoom is
broken the zoom does not work at all
nothing sucks but if you recall when I
picked up this camera if you get the
protection plan it covers you from this
kind
so all I gotta do is take the camera
back to Best Buy and get it replaced
which is what I'm gonna do right now as
well as Roman and I last night
coordinated we're gonna do a clip in his
fancy GTR with the verb for my review
channel T which is awesome very
thoughtful looks the police now good
he'll be busy for a minute yeah that's
what you get that's what you get for
running a red light bar
dang look at that doing it I know I
already spotted him he was busy for a
minute but alright so we're in the
famous GTR this is my first ride in here
actually we're gonna film it at first
your first it's my first ride I've been
with this car pass yeah what's with this
launch sequence Neil basically just
stiffens up your traction and your mocks
the all-wheel drive and it's pretty sick
well now there's all kinds of traffic
what's going on this road is always
empty it's Saturday yeah that's why I
see when I pick him up from school it's
dead stop that in there was a cop back
there right there he probably saw the
GTR go by because I just waiting a red
GTR that there's a lot of flags yeah so
what we're doing is filming for my
review video with the Garmin a couple of
different things like speed and g-force
and we're gonna get the track map I'm
under a test and auto this is just
automatic okay well record it we rip it
rolled it I'm ready
the ebrake
yeah beginning a half a G
where did we reach I don't know I felt
like we only had like a quarter gee her
no that's 1.5 I thought that was half so
we may have been close to a G that's a
lot of G's a lot of Jesus
looking hard dude we got a roll before
are you taking off for good yeah you
leaving tonight I'm leaving tonight all
right man have fun jet plane half Irish
all right dude thanks bye Noah see ya
one word Wow we only we were the only
there for just a few minutes did a
couple passes and I gotta say that car
is unbelievably fast unbelievably fast
makes me kinda want one but then again
I'd probably kill myself a little
disappointed
Best Buy wasn't able to help me out with
replacing the camera which really really
bugs me really bugs me because my local
Best Buy replaces cameras for me when
they when they malfunction and he just
said that it was up to this it was the
stores discretion as to whether or not
they replaced the camera under warranty
which his camera isn't even a month old
and I said how about a little discretion
then he goes well I just don't have it
for you oh okay that's sucks it just
sucks so we'll rock him with a camera
with no zoom at least it so works right
that's the positive side we so works
I gotta continue on with my day and one
of my chores today is to get the oil
changed so here we are at our local auto
store get some oil oil filter maybe I
can teach you guys how to change the oil
on the Jeep I mean if you don't know
already
all right guys ginger oil you gotta get
in here on the oil pan
get that knot right there take it off it
can be a little tricky but once you get
it loose well I'm going to stop
recording now drain baby drainage this
is need for all change very much less oh
Mike yeah little little drain out put
your bolt back in get the oil filter
which in most cars it's a little
different position but this one's a real
pain to get to and you probably heard me
cuss but to be honest this time I'm
pretty easy get that out put the new one
on now we're gonna add oil if you don't
have a funnel you can make one out of
paper to help you pour it but or he
could be a real man and pour it without
one while I was changing the oil I
decided why not go ahead and take a look
at the brake pads if you remember a
couple videos back I said something
about my brakes grinding a little bit
and I took the wheel off and determined
the back ones are good but the front
ones they're not broken or wore all the
way down but they're really really
really low so a little bonus tutorial
I'm gonna teach you guys how to change
brake pads - I went to the store you
have missing brake pads and I don't know
if you can see it very well but the
brake pads that are on here pretty low
on the front anyways and what I gotta do
is I already kind of did it
he's gonna pull back this piston and get
you a flat head screwdriver shove it in
there and then pry that piston back a
little more cuz we got to make room for
the new brake pads there's gonna be a
lot thicker so we got to have room yeah
we got to take off these two bolts this
one here and this one here and that will
free up caliper actually we can really
just take the top bolt off and then the
caliper will just rock out we can take
the old ones out put the new
yeah it's that easy I'll show you now on
the new brake pads usually a one side
for each each tire has this this I call
and squealers when your brake pad gets
down that low it'll rub against the
rotor and make some squealing noises to
let you know that's time to change paths
which these ones don't have so I didn't
know you just take the new ones you get
these little nipples I guess put it down
and their top one in there like that
right go same with this same with this
one turn around right way get that
seated in there this top part I see it
in here boom got the new pads back in
there now I just need to put this bolt
back in and then this one I haven't
really seen this before
you have to actually have a wrench on
this side and then use your ratchet on
this side so that's it tire back on
lugnuts new bricks and for the other
side just wash rinse and repeat
both the tires are back on new brakes
don't you do it did you do it job my
hands look at my hands those are some
dirty hands right there so are you you
know whole thing ice cream what yeah all
right guys listen tomorrow's big
surprise you'll find out at the
beginning of the vlog I need to get some
stuff done edit this video let's just
say it's gonna be a long night so I got
to get cleaned up go do some things time
to set this camera down we'll see all of
you
right back here
