leave me you guys are leaving you're
going hang out with Amanda really that's
bogus that's bonkers that's sweet
bananas Oh give her kisses that's hey
don't stay all day cuz I'm gonna miss
you I know it's been all day I haven't
started vlogging in the kids are home to
school and they're leaving so what do we
do what are we gonna do now I have no
idea where are you going
not without me can I go too I'm just
kidding I'm not going I have to get some
things hey make sure you come back
though make sure you come back then love
you have fun planes Noah no no you come
back earlier she better show up sooner
than that
Veronica's away and the boys are away
primetime get a bunch of stuff done so I
am hustling I'm getting a bunch of the
shots that I need for the Garmon video
that'll be out Monday of next week and
if you haven't entered to win this
camera this right here the camera and
the activity tracker forget the name of
the vlog but oh skatepark fail and
giveaway the instructions to win this
are at the end of that vlog so make sure
you get on it because Friday tomorrow
today by the time you're watching this
I'll be choosing the winner so do it do
it do it do it cuz I gotta give that
away so basically I'm doing the review
video on this camera and I gotta say
this thing is so we
well I have time I might actually even
do a repeat or a how-to software how to
I haven't done one of those in a while
and I have quite a bunch that I want to
do this is my view we're currently
recording right now for the green-screen
tutorial and the purpose is to show you
how like their shadows you see of
shadows on the green-screen in an ideal
situation you want your green-screen to
be nice and tight so there's no wrinkles
and you want it to be evenly lit like
you want to light the green-screen
separate so it's perfectly lit but the
purpose of this tutorial is to show like
how you can get away through editing
with a really crappy green screen setup
this is a really nice screen screen
actually but it's been folded so I it's
it's really wrinkly tell you what I've
said it before I'll say it again I love
my little video set here I absolutely
love it it makes me just knowing that
this is down here makes me want to film
videos all day long so if you have like
a tutorial or a specific product review
that you want to see let me know because
I would love to film it for you okay
just finished and I actually need to go
to the store and get a bunch of
groceries and stuff for kids lunch for
school stuff so we got to go
they happen again
I knew exactly what I wanted to get when
I got in here but now that I'm in here
no way do you see the randomness I got
at the grocery store but I'm gonna
listen to this music on my way home all
pulled in at the same time what's up
dude hit the rock boom yeah I just had
the most random trip to the grocery
store you want to see what I got super
random we got Corn Pops Skylanders
Giants free snacks nutrigrain bars
chicken sausage never heard of them
before but I thought they might be you I
got doughnuts and pepperonis for the
boys sandwiches I got Eggo waffles hot
pockets
jalapeno poppers huh some wipes Batali
would love that
Nutella creamer for my coffee steak
thing's frozen garbage
they're so good no see this is what
happens when I go to the store without a
clear mission or a list of what I need I
get pure randomness completely random
one of the random things I picked up at
the store was pizza supreme pizza fresh
uh supreme pizza so good I want to tell
you guys how important it is to be
spontaneous in your life spontaneous you
know doing things without planning right
we have a big announcement tomorrow it
goes along with being spontaneous
because that's exactly what the
announcement is spontaneity just wait
the next week of hogs is gonna be so
awesome
done
I'm gonna hit ya not yet we know but
they don't know mm-hmm killed the
soul-sucking light point out the
soul-sucking light which one's a
soul-sucking I think for the rest of the
night we're gonna take it easy I did a
lot of good stuff today I really did
how was your day yeah sure tick Jett
alright Carsten sing it again do it hmm
he's just singing a Minecraft song you
sing it sing it
oh yeah sounds good mm-hmm
obviously at the bus stop waiting from
the bus it's Friday
first day of spring happy spring
everybody you know they say april
showers bring May flowers
it's definitely raining will tell you
the secret so bad but I can't get
spontaneity surprise I want you to have
a super awesome fun cool sweet soggy day
at school first day of spring okay y'all
ready for the weekend the bus is coming
you can't say that the bus is kohlrabi
nose
yeah here comes the bus I love you guys
Carson I love you Colin I love you have
a good day we'll see you right back here
after school where are you going where
are you going that girl I just wanted
you all oh she's so cute look at this
look at this she's wearing she started
to wear the bigger sized outfits here
two three months
no more newborn stuff huh where's that
smile good day to Maya where died
tomorrow everything's much Oh Gibbard I
have a lot to do while they're gone I'm
going to be and it's so hard to tell you
it's so hard to tell you without telling
you you know what I mean what we're
doing tomorrow
tomorrow's gonna be fun whoa give me
high five oh you missed ah high five oh
you missed well anyway
oh I've got a lot of work to do if
Veronica will just let me I'm gonna
train in the vlog now so we can get that
done um that's all we got for today guys
time for me to set the camera down thank
you so much for watching we can't wait
to see you right back here tomorrow
