and we're back what's up guys
I'm heading to Colin's school to have
lunch with them it's called lunch with
loved ones today and it'd be really
difficult from for Veronica to bring the
baby with her to school and we would
prefer not to put the baby around all of
those German festive children so it's
got to be me do the dad that do the dad
thing that should be a shirt do the dad
thing like or dislike like or dislike
did I brought the kids for lunch this is
what I brought them Subway sandwich
juice box and some apples
none of that McDonald's or Wendy's
fast-food cabbage good stuff it's crazy
Oh
yeah
so many people so many kids
I can even have lunch with you because
you're the coolest guy in school
in the Gladius
okay I just gotta say how cool it is to
be able both the kids were really
excited that I showed up for lunch and
they were pretty happy and that's what
it's all about a man I'm just making the
kids happy I'd do anything for these
guys and it only cost me two hours out
of my day and they were so happy and it
put me in a positive mood - making them
happy so I'm just gonna meet all smiles
and just happy-go-lucky girl for the
rest of the day
Oh lies oh you're taking her from me why
oh I know why because I don't have
breast disease because the nipples are
so chocolatey ends all right girls have
fun oh they're going to slam or store to
push out waters someday she's gonna
smile on camera
someday I'm smilin earlier but not on
camera
oh he did he ruined it as I did one
thing today I as soon as I came home I
got the vlog well I've been flight
fighting with the vlog but I started my
taxes and I still don't have all my
paperwork in for my taxes and it's
really bugging me
but dude taxes they're due on April 15th
so you have to get them done or else you
get fine
so it's stressful getting that done
but look who just showed back up my
little dogs
hi blinds are st. sweetheart after I
left the school
I stopped at our post office check the
mail and we had a couple package aa
couple packages so we're gonna open
those now okay before the boys go to bed
Carson you open one crawling you open
the other one over here buddy all right
let's see what's in there open her up
you can do it do some mama choose those
things are awesome this is some warhead
oh yeah but it's sour and nice
the suspense is killing me oh nice
play-doh oh dude that's awesome
they must you must you must have watched
you guys play with your play-doh knows
that you're crazy about play-doh right
oh here's a Morita
Tyrrell Gibson he goes my name is Tyra
I'm 13 I love your vlogs congrats on the
baby she's so cute
there's pink bunny for her there's pack
of play-doh for Carson and Colin surf I
suppose name wrong I wish I had a
gladiator t-shirt but I don't have any
money now I was hoping you could somehow
send me size medium rare gladiator side
print or not it would not matter and
there's a gladiator sticker I think
there should be more people like you
Gilroy blog please blog
you know what Tyrell I'm gonna look you
up one red side print gladiator t-shirt
coming right at you buddy
thank you it's gotten this one mmm this
one might be tough to open let me help
you what's in here I don't see your name
on it just says order fulfillment let's
see what's on the side oh that's cool
look at gilroy gladiators looks like a
Greek kind of styled font that's cool
wow that's vinyl
that's cool that is some kind of vinyl
I've never seen a shirt printed with
vinyl like this yeah that's pretty
clever I don't know there's no notes or
anything
who sent this to us I have to know
because that's really cool yes let us
know in the comments who sent this but
this is like a really thin vinyl I'm
curious if it's of washable but that's
really dope
I like that Oh another letter okay who's
it from
ok let's open it ok hope to see this in
the blog let's see here we go just
started watching your vlogs a couple
days ago and already know that you're
one of my role models on YouTube I hope
that you know that you and the whole
smile more crude you and Roma being
I know and who I watch I hope you get to
reading this on the blog sometime soon
don't want to take up too much time so
here is a picture smiley face yeah
thank you Brian Ben's you rock dude we
always appreciate any of the mail we get
it it could be a note written on a
napkin and we would still love it just
the same so thank you Brian
Thank You Terrell and thank you mr. e
vinyl print on sweatshirt and t-shirt
guy whoever you are you're gonna keep
that one aren't you you're gonna keep it
Thank You Terrell and thank you mr. e
vinyl print on sweatshirt and t-shirt
guy whoever you are all right guys it's
time for bed everyone give mommy kisses
you did you can always give her other
kisses I've never seen him climb that
ladder before there's a smile she's
smiling I want to get her on camera
smiling cuz it's so huge her smiles are
so cute she does kind of like a
half-cocked smile I love you bye Colin
I miss you as soon as I pull out to the
road take the boys to the bus stop Shh
see the bus go driving past ah laundry
so as the kids are off to school I'm
trying to get some things caught up
around the house
mommy's upstairs getting some rest the
baby's asleep in the living room and I
was just thinking like what what is it
that brings you guys here every single
day and if you could leave a comment
what is it that we can do to make these
vlogs even better do you want to see
more activities with the kids do you
want to see more food tutorials you want
to see some travel stuff adventures
outside leave a comment telling me what
we can do to make these vlogs even
better because I always try to bring you
entertaining things every single day and
as a vlogger it's not always that easy
some days are really cool and some days
kind of suck what was interested in
making things better for you guys so be
a doll leave a comment down below tell
me what we can do to make the vlogs even
better and if I can give you a homework
assignment let's make this channel grow
so much bigger if only half of you
invited one person to subscribe to the
vlogs we would gain 50,000 subscribers
in less than a week which would be so
awesome I'm gonna do my homework and get
all this laundry done all right guys
listen thank you so much for tuning in
every day I really do appreciate every
single one of you and I guess it's time
for me to set this camera down and get
some stuff done that's all for me today
thank you so much for watching I can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
