guys guess what it's st. Patrick's Day
are you wearing green you're not wearing
green picture you took off your green
where's your green mommy's not wearing
green eliza knauber and green either
pinched her she's mad is this green yeah
ooh Colin you're the man with the green
on give me fives I have green on I'm
wearing a green shirt you had green on
but she took it off now you have to pay
the price would you make me honey in
burgers bacon everyone says well a
couple people say they cringe when they
see us make bacon with that thing I
don't know about the health factor of
the Bennett of the bacon being cooked in
the microwave but the fat is right there
look I mean all of that stuff is not in
the bacon as soon as Veronica's done
feeding we're gonna go over to my buddy
Scott's house and hang out for here you
want to go look now you can see her blue
eyes look at those blue eyes so blue
gonna tell Veronica that she's good at
blogging and she needs the vlog tell her
in the comments of this video that she's
good at vlogging and she needs to pull
I'm only saying that because I love
driving and I don't want to be
irresponsible and vlog while driving but
like yo Veronica you need to vlog a clip
she's like no and I'm like yeah you do
you have a million things to say right
here here your vlog I'm like didn't put
on the spot no the cameras off you're
not on the spot
hand me the kid when you throw the
camera at me saying here vlog I don't
automatically have anything to actually
think of like and he's like well what
are you thinking just talk about that I
was like I'm not I'm were just driving
that's it
but were you not thinking anything were
you a mindless zombie and not thinking
anything at all oh I was just thinking
though we're on our way to Lindsay's
there you go that's start we're on our
way to Lindsay's okay so now I can say I
guess I'm excited that I'm getting out
of the house and Chase is laughing at me
you know we're going to see Lindsay
because I haven't seen a long time Andy
and Scott honey
Scottie
what I'm saying is no that's all I have
to say I'm lying why don't you look
deeply into the
the deepest part of the lid I see it and
just say into the mess just look at it
and say try it still get into the
deepest parts the lens instead
is your dream G Dryad you do it no like
I understand but it's hard having like
this pointed out you it's hard to get
used to
it's a lot of state of mind it's not a
physical thing it's not but it is that
state of mind of being on camera
so no you better camera shy I understand
that it's my point of being state of
mind is that you have to get past the
detector you're not looking into the
camera you're looking at a naughty at a
person yeah person yeah don't look at
the audience first
yeah talking to person lots of people
all those people all of those people
yes I can tell you looking deep into
this camera
I love you was egg was that good
you told me yeah deep I'm so sorry I
didn't vlog was here I just wanted to
relax it's broken
careful careful
there you go hey good to see you
hey do something soon dude let's go ride
some Josh's my brothers first let's put
your Jeep together let's do Oh miss can
you do that yeah I want to go somewhere
new we've been old man's cave the litter
bin the black hand gorge we need to go
to somewhere I haven't been before
let's find a different place
canoeing yeah call me ha
is here baby though that poor cats
probably like please dear God make him
put me down I betcha I betcha man you
guys will be we failed today longer all
right Collin good night buddy
mmm love you good night Carson sleep
tight
would you believe we pulled up to the
bus stop right exactly as soon as the
bus was pulling up to the bus stop let's
bring in yeah good morning by the way
what a lame super lame st. Patrick's Day
I don't think I've had one Eversole and
it's my fault it's finished getting
ready I have one of the most important
lunch meetings of my whole entire career
right now about 20 minutes
wish me luck honey wish me luck it's a
little foggy the camera because I had it
outside in the Jeep I love you
fingers crossed all right guys this is
it
this is super important meeting the next
clip you see I'll try and take a clip
inside and show you what's happening but
very important person
yeah
this is crazy
hey it was super fun having lunch with
you honey I'm glad you had to call him
we'll be here I promise
hey make sure you're good when you go
back to class okay that was fun that was
a fun experience I bet you thought it
was really something important to go to
lunch for I mean it was I'll tell you
what going just going to my kids school
lunch really made me want to put my kids
in private schools some of the kids
there are just out of control the stuff
they talk about one kid was like I
always watched Freddie Freddie kills
people and they keep because yeah my dad
kills people like when they start
lifting their shirts and it's crazy
crazy I do not enjoy my kids going to
public school
oh I have about an hour's break in
between lunch with Carson and lunch with
Colin and that's just enough time for me
to get my editing done so thank you so
much for watching and I can't wait to
see you right back here
