I bet you're wonderin
what's in that bowl let me show you
start my day with some fruit look
strawberries bananas and there's
blueberries down there I'm taking some
yogurt I'm just going to pour that in
there I figure this is probably the
healthiest you could possibly start your
day and I want to feel good today so I'm
eating good to feel good you know yeah
unfortunately while my computer is
exporting video I can't really do
anything else so I took a break time out
to do the dishes which there's a ton of
and in case you're wondering why I
possibly could need a new dishwasher
listen to what mine sounds like listen
listen bump or something's going out of
it and I don't know it just needs
replaced
I'll just imagine this white square
replaced with that nice modern sleek
stainless steel dishwasher I like that
and eventually I'll get stainless steel
microwave stove and refrigerator so it
looks nice
till you man it's nice out so nice that
all the bikes are out I look at this guy
that's weird
and to come to my local sprint store
because for some reason short codes are
blocked on my phone so I can't like for
instance when I was in LA I couldn't
call an uber because uber has to when
you set up your account
uber sends you a short code text but I
could never get the text so I couldn't
set up my uber app and therefore it
couldn't use it so I had to use lyft
whenever I wanted a ride in LA seeing as
the weather is absolutely beautiful
today we want to take the kids out
somewhere outside and enjoy it but we
still don't know where
if you had a first awesome awesome
weather day after winter where would you
go what would you do I know there's like
Park and there's other things but we
want to do something like nature
outdoorsy right show it's just about
that time get the kids off the bus see
if they're in happy spirits I hope they
are because we are gonna do something
fun
we're gonna play did we have so much fun
look ruff the park the same part where
the boys played football soccer and
t-ball
everything happens why can't you play
t-ball anymore
oh yes we got obstruction here come on
people come on people watch it we're
driving let's do this this park is kind
of weak playground anyway I'll race ya
watch me swing Collin on this come here
we're gonna have a race you guys go one
at a time
here's the starting line come here right
over here
I'm calling goes first cuz he's the
oldest here's what you have to do you
have to run up up there over the bridge
slide down the slide and high-five me
whoever does the fastest gets a special
surprise Collin are you ready set go one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten eleven on your marks get set go
one two whoa whoa whoa you can't go that
way you gotta go this
hey Carson
go 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
oh just a hair second column beat you
you got the fastest time even play
hopscotch
I've never played hopscotch I don't even
get it
I'm pretty sure you have to do two feet
same time so hop hop hop two feet one
foot two feet one foot
this is what brothers is all about right
here
Colin let him up
what's wrong dude
a little too many revelations on the
tire swing
oh go carson go well dude I guess tire
swings just aren't for everybody you
know what's worse is he's the one who
wanted to ride the tire swing the most
person didn't want to and now Colin's
villains get down from that tree before
you break something look at that sunset
look at the sunset boys look at it isn't
it beautiful
is that cool oh it's pretty huh I'm glad
we get to spend this time and enjoy the
sunset together
Oh Colin does not feel good from the
tire sign that's so funny
our um Bri dude we'll get you some food
okay you can't hear me because the
earphones I know do you miss mommy yeah
and Eliza Carson goes
I miss Eliza because she's so special
that's so cute man she is special and
I'm glad you guys love her so much so
it's early morning already got the kids
to the bus I got I got pretty much
nothing for the rest of the day I need
to get some editing done I mean I just
uh I gotta get some work done you know
it's my job right here at this desk is
what I do all right guys that's about it
for me today thank you so much for
watching but it's time for me to set
this camera down and get some work done
suppose I'll see you right back here
