look at this place it's a mess we got to
get this place cleaned up
Veronica yes we got to get this place
cleaned up I have been actually okay
it's not nice to lie
you cannot sleep a lot look at the
laundry room what's in there
what'd you do oh my god
folding folding folding laundry laundry
no awesome yeah yeah we usually save our
laundry for like once a month once we
run out of stuff and finally cleaning
he's kidding I finally got the vlog
edited uploading and now I need to go to
the grocery store cuz why we don't have
any milk we don't have any eggs we don't
have any thing for dinner I wish I could
pay somebody to go and do our grocery
shopping and that just shows up here
every three days yeah I bet they have
such a thing well I'm gonna go to the
grocery store you guys are gonna stay
here with Veronica yep yep that's fine
but make it fun I can't go to the
grocery store I'm blogging and I do it
too much don't you agree yeah I do
so here take the glut ears I'm at sea
yeah we're gonna do some more gaming
tonight and probably won't record it but
PJ's coming over there Seth's coming
over I'm getting that grand theft auto
level ranked up so we can play heists
with you with you I'll be back oh yeah
I'm up for like mariokart mariokart
I'm supposed to be cleaning though right
you know help me clean come on let's get
to it
Kirsten you're gonna help clean Oh
Eliza you could help us clean she can't
she can't clean up well why not yeah
she's just a baby still huh okay well
let's get to it
you see what that is that's Veronica
making excuses that's brown I can make
an excuse I'm I'm telling you what I'm
becoming a pro at going the grocery
store
look you guys would be excited to see
look look look look look where they at
well here mangoes mangoes and bananas
and I got strawberries and there's
blueberries somewhere blueberries bunch
of yogurt I didn't get a whole bunch of
garbage but I did get that big old box
of fudge round boy tell me you don't
enjoy a good box flood drought whole box
at once I'm just kidding no one does
that or do they just finished cleaning
up as the sun's starting to go down but
it's still still light up oh look at
that that's cool love them lens flares
you gotta appreciate them lens flares
PJ's rocking the gill Hawk look at him
trying to it's a little more a little
more pronounced in the Gil Hawk you know
dude
either way I'm digging it I am digging
it PJ is here because one we're cooking
out barbecued chicken did you already
eat you can eat again
I got enough a barbecue chicken and
we're trying to really hammer down on
these grand theft auto five missions so
that we can get to heist mode to do some
cool online game play
no oh just got done feeding her bottle
she's taking bottles now and we're
trying to move her over to formula and
mix like half razmik half breast milk
half formula so we can transition all
this is straight breast milk what are
you making can I see it yeah you can't
see nothing it's a mystery that's
mystery dinner oh here's a hint
here's a little hint sweet baby Ray's
that's it good old-fashioned barbecue
chicken is it good thanks honey for
making dinner look at all these happy
kids it's morning
it's pretty out nice and blue I'll tell
you what last last night was pretty fun
PJ came over and helped me tackle a
bunch of the Grand Theft Auto 5 missions
so we can play heist mode I don't think
we're there yet but we're closer and man
can you really lose track of time
playing that game this vlog is only
halfway over cuz we're gonna do some fun
stuff today and I have a big
announcement before the end of this
video
big announcement but first before we get
started I am making one of my favorite
breakfasts biscuits gravy it's on Branca
how she needs the Snickers because she's
so hungry
and Bronk he gets hungry she gets to be
like here's the difference between
Veronica's biscuits and gravy she keeps
them whole I tear a muffin little pieces
little pieces so I can poke them with my
fork you know me ain't you guys remember
this camera the canon 3 4 ths this was
the camera that I used before the s1 10
unfortunately the s-1 10 is still in the
hands of canon to be repaired but they
want me to pay a 175 bucks to fix it and
I think that's Gabby because it's still
under warranty and I am paying Jack so
me and Canton have to have a little talk
but anyway Veronica is going to take
this camera today to begin the vlog the
new vlog while me and Seth go and finish
up today's vlog because there's
something important that I have to say I
told you guys we were gonna be giving
away some stuff and it's that time oh I
came to this little skate park because I
wanted to get a picture and we've got
some damage we got damage so apparently
this kid was trying to do a whip on a
scooter over the box and he broke he
broke his ankle broken
that's a good way to start off the
season right kids here recommended that
we go to the Lancaster skate park
because at about two o'clock there's
gonna be pro skateboarders there and I
would prefer to have someone with some
sick tricks to have in the background of
this photo so that's what we're going to
do so we're at Lancaster skate park and
I'm here with Zi Kevin teets
Kevin how long you been riding for keep
it for about six years now yeah this is
your local skate spot first skate park
ever went to skate of the date open so
we're just trying to keep it going and
running man so little going though yeah
that's awesome
well Kevin helped me shoot this super
awesome Instagram pic for the Garmin
giveaway which you guys will tell you
more about that here in a bit but dude
thanks for your help
thanks guys seems awesome it's funny to
me you want to do it again oh yeah dude
what a awesome guy Kevin teets he's a
Lancaster local pro rider for DK and
what an awesome guy if you guys want to
check him out visit him on his Instagram
at Kevin teeths
alright guys so if you want to win the
Garmin VirB elite and the vivosmart
activity tracker it's so simple follow a
karremans Instagram account you want to
look for the photo or video that has
meat in it you need to comment why you
want to win this camera and the activity
tracker tell us why you want it whether
it's for a YouTube channel or you want
to use it for filming skateboarding or
bmxing or whatever use the hashtag
Garmin Gilroy give away
Garmin VirB and that's it it's that easy
you have to be following garment to be
eligible to win and we'll be announcing
the winner on next week's episode on my
how to channel where we go over
everything about the Garmin VirB camera
sorry guys that's about enough from me
today I'm already halfway into the next
day on this video so we have to have to
cut it off now
any last words oops fizzle and there you
have it
alright guys that's all for me today
thank you so much for watching make sure
you go follow Garmin and get on the get
in on this giveaway I can't wait to see
everyone on the garment pages gonna be
awesome and yeah see right back here
tomorrow
