kind of like hi guys what's up let's go
here very shortly we have a surprise
birthday party for Mom all right here at
our house but in the up yeah on the
garage I still need a shower
we're kind of everything cleaned up at
the house clean we got the garage clean
Chase is trying to mow the grass look at
this
they're happy
unlike my
ready here really dark there we go
there's light all right I got a shower
huh whoo that was a good good exercise
man Moen while running I challenge you
dudes that's yeah that is an epic
workout as we don't have much time
editing quick shower oh look amber
bumpier and why they look so I know I
know some well I'm vlogger look at all
this stuff all these decorations party
supplies and stuff that has to be still
put up its t-minus two hours yes until
mum was supposed to be here
Remington Brits on their way everybody's
coming tonight guys it's gonna be it's
gonna be an 80th birthday extravaganza
whoa
eyes a look at you look at your dress
who are you hiding for oh you can't
twirl it twirl it twirl it all right
look I didn't even mention look I got
the drywall hung up because I knew Roman
that coming well I mean I put that put
all that drywall show me hanging it but
yes up there's no mud on it yet and that
definitely needs to be done oh here did
it pretty good
you know no no no don't worry did not
it's cool don't don't worry about that
no no come on after I do it all for Momo
actually just drove by Oh talk better
hopefully she doesn't pull in here whoo
I know what you thinking - I didn't get
an invite Rick I can hear it in her
voice for you
she's so mad at has anyone called her
today by the way well it's not actually
your birthday today right so she
shouldn't even expect this oh good
that's my thought I was thinking it was
her actual birthday and nobody's going
to call her
be all like nobody likes me on my first
May 3rd May 3rd all good time she days
daddy is broke right guys all this is
decorating whoo it's a lot but mama when
you see this I hope you appreciate all
the hard work everybody did to make your
day SuperDuper special look Veronica is
over here doing all this all this hard
stuff amber is like unwinding some
plastic stuff and Maddie is doing all
these like these light stick glow sticks
necklace deals and look we got Zack
everybody's been asking where's Zack
Zack look at him I thought you're going
to turn around with some more my god
ha ha we're making this happen
mom all's going to get here in about
about 45 minutes we've only got 45
minutes so while we're trying to like
really move things make sure the right
side station yo Roman shows up and
literally brings the coolest with every
time oh look you're storing a sampling
this is like a actually it turns what we
used to always do until the best thing
ever
automated just wait look at you
come here she's soaked look angels
perfectly dry and echos soaking wet this
is what Roman put on the trampoline we
got a bunch of coppers teddy
everything's all I've done up but I want
to go one step further and load this guy
too with foam not flour comas it's
harmless
what do you think about that Momo where
yes yes my god well already Recife
I haven't eaten anything all day because
it is so busy getting stuff ready but a
ton smash them eat the dough species
grounds refresh oh mama we're gonna have
cupcakes you I'm cupcake with me I can
Harley come on mama I want you to have a
cupcake with me it's your birthday just
one cupcake - cupcake okay okay your
random voices you know what wonder dog
yes my boy
mom oh you want to know look what might
help I had that flannel you go like
senior prom again all over
Veronica dude she's right there
don't be a sticker what oh that was
clever
why did you let Ron away come back home
on dad couldn't take me I'm gonna sing
happy birthday to mom I look Romans over
here no scare right now Romans are your
lives you know like everywhere I turn
they stop coming at me welcome to the
Gilroy okay guys this is very special
birthday because a tcp Konami like can
you imagine what we're going to be like
when were eighty one thing I know for
sure is that we will be - guess I'm
married one time when as to this this
lovely lady so when when you're that old
because I love me I will
oh yeah that's good oh yeah I'm gonna
get in on the necklace everything see
it's a tradition around my pleasure with
or a birthday and there's a little bit
of key so amber wants to get in okay I'm
gonna tell anybody all right
yes you have to put that in their face
he runs away she's gonna stop taking
food from anybody doing Roman the dog
would be smart to explain what's
happening so I thought I would do kind
of a preload to what's about to happen
so we put a stink bomb I have had this
stink bomb for like two years old ones
last one thinks really bad think like a
toilet paper roll and you curl up with
tissue and then you break the key bomb
and put it in the tissue that's in the
toilet paper roll it's perfect but I put
it on the ground and just roll it across
before and so we're going to put these
mom in here with everybody out here
I take everyone everyone around the
entire drug Oh your mom's got em open up
from Mount Lynette lose your fingers
don't even care hey guys I just had to
get myself cleaned up a little got
Katie's surprise smashed all over my
face yeah the rain has came only our
slope
amber - you know they do have a
wonderful heart and a wonderful time
thank you think well I'm glad you were
surprised I was yeah other clothes for
the Longhorn - yes yes you thought they
were going after dinner we're getting
the group group photo right okay karma
bro immediate whoo
well that was fun mama was official
birthday is May the 3rd so this was just
the best opportunity for us to throw her
a party I guess and she had a blast it
was we all did it was such a fun night
yeah it was fun seriously who's who's
going to help clean this up
clearly I'm going to have to start
getting this all cleaned up I'll be
working on a secret project today with
what's a friend of mine we're actually
doing somewhat of a simple music video a
lot of you asked me about the imagine
dragons video which I think I mentioned
it before but announcement of the
finalists was supposed to occur on the
17th but Adobe post an update on their
site that said the finalists because
there were so many wouldn't be announced
until May 1st which is Monday I'll keep
you guys posted on that really looking
forward to doing some I'm going to be
recording music and then shooting some
video here tonight which is super
exciting happy birthday to mom all guys
leave it down in the comments below I
know she's going to be just super
thrilled to see and read that stuff so
give her a big shoutout for 80 years man
80 years is a long time
I gave imagine what I'm going to be like
at 80
I hope I'm still half as cool as I am
today I want to say thank you guys so
much for watching and hanging out with
us and having fun with mom all on her
80th birthday and we can't wait to see
you right back here next time
