would you believe that just beyond the
frame of this camera Barranca I've never
seen her do this before but she's
pumping pumping that milk yeah
don't lean in here they might say yeah
it's weird because we tried to we tried
to give allies a formula this morning
she is not having it she goes it she's
gagging and everything she won't take it
all right mommy will be back
you just keep you at rest chest that way
okay okay you're good okay look look how
much you got look how much you got
dang you know I thought about drinking
it I hear there's I hear there's guys
like bodybuilders that are actually
drinking breast milk to try and get the
protein whatever maybe I should I go out
to get the boys and they were already
wrong walking down the road in the room
I felt like a bad parent but I scooped
him up they didn't want to go with me
they wanted to stay home with mommy so
they could get snack but I came out to
go to the post office check the mail see
what we got and it is a dreary look at
this rainy nasty day
we got a package from Bree look it's in
this big box I wonder what's in there
breathe from Parkersburg West Virginia
we'll go home and open it with the
family because it's not addressed to me
it says they'll kill us so we should all
open it together
I come here we got a package we got a
package it says to the Gilroy's from Bri
and Parkersburg West Virginia
let's give it it open what do you say
yeah we're gonna nice what do you think
it is what do you think's in there
person
take a guess subscriber buddy
no no reach a million subscribers before
we can get that no yeah Kirsten what
sure gets one ah I think it's made for
baby Eliza which would be really rad cuz
baby Eliza should be presence - here we
go
we should put cute little dress Kirsten
you can read the card
well no let's see there's other stuff
Oh what's at stake arson daddy and I
agree monster boss
haha that's good that's good I like
Ledger sense of humor there Bri I like
that one that's nice yeah okay let me
read it
baby girl makes life so sweet from the
first flutter of her little eyelashes to
the busy pattern of her little feed our
fresh days innocents are blossoming
years of independence from our earliest
question of our latest dream daughter is
the most beautiful experience life could
ever bring with love Bri Morrow it's at
Bri underscore tomorrow underscore if
you guys want to give her a shout out
and thank you
cuz that's awesome thank you for you
here's a custom note congratulations on
your beautiful baby girl Eliza is just
the sweetest thing I've ever seen
Veronica I hope you're recovering well
you're such a strong woman I love
watching your vlogs every day perhaps
you chase for taking care of your new
baby your two boys and your wife is
still uploading vlog
amazing let cough Carson and Colin know
that they are the best Big Brothers No
thank you breathe thank you that's
awesome
guys our freezes send us any kind of
mail we are grateful to receive anything
you send it could be a card a letter
anything we appreciate the time that you
spent to actually go and send us
something it really is awesome so thank
you so much breathe we enjoyed the
president thank you the boys had their
snack and I'm having mine now some sushi
it's okay sushi I mean it's the best I
can get it burger but I really wanted
some sushi namely spicy California roll
and this has salmon and tuna it's just
good the hardest part is using
chopsticks eat it
watch me try this watch
hmm yes I'm doing it Oh was good
so here shortly I have to wait till they
leave but Veronica is taking the boys
and Eliza to their cousin's birthday
party once they leave we're gonna get
down on some of that new Grand Theft
Auto 5 heist mode excited for that
alright so Veronica and the kids went to
their birthday party and I want to show
you we got everything set up for grand
theft auto heists and I figured out that
with these Chargers I can plug this Sony
camera in because usually they'll die
really quickly but I can plug this in
while it's recording and not worry about
battery which is sweet and Dallas is
gonna play with me yeah whew
I'm kind of bummed you have to be a
ranked 12 to be able to play the online
heist and I haven't played this game at
all so I can't play and everyone else's
telling me that the servers are down
which was the same case as last time I
played this game so it sucks man
Rockstar get your bike together so I
suppose in the meantime I'll play this
until Veronica gets home and try and
beat some missions and level up party
like the ball yeah that's cool
really she didn't hear that you just
farted they just got home it's 10
o'clock
Shh you're drunk dude did you have fun
at the party
yeah did you have cake and ice cream
cake and ice cream part when you got
there
really dang you were late please you had
fun we played secret spies okay we play
teachers hide and seek secret spies
house that's a lot of place play house
hmm everyone good night Carson
good night Colin love you what the heck
you literally just started the Jeep yep
I don't know I feel about that my kids
are going on certain for ID I feel like
they were just yesterday in diapers
crawling on the carpet you're getting so
big you guys are like growing up and
stuff and make me feel bad well you
don't have to time to go to school all
the kids name their school
what did I do last night Ron came home
and I held Eliza and fell asleep with
her in my arms and she actually slept
till four o'clock in the morning believe
that don't look at the size of them
geese they're huge they're like
elephants
that
that's crazy they're all over there in
that like lake in the middle that field
there's like a lake there's so much
melted snow and stuff are you pumped for
school huh yeah how about you mister I
love you have fun you two have fun
Carson give me kiss let me kiss I love
you she's been away so cute
Veronica's actually boiling some well
sterilizing some baby bottle equipment
pump stuff from the baby
we tried like I said yesterday we tried
feeding her formula and she did not she
gagged about it she didn't want why
because mommy's breast milk is so good
that's why so yeah we're winding down
the rest of this video I want to tell
you guys a couple things we have some
promotions coming up some giveaways
someone's gonna win some concert tickets
someone's gonna win a new phone case and
not too long from now I'll be giving
away that second Garmin camera with the
vivosmart wristband that wristband that
you see me wear so yeah these are all
the perks of the things that I do so
like anytime I do a promotion I was
trying to make sure that you guys
benefit from it so I'm gonna give away
whatever I'm promoting I'm gonna give it
away so that's kind of a perk for being
part of the gladiator family also I want
to draw attention to a real true
gladiator his name's Michael Jones he
hit me up yesterday by email and asked
if he could set up a GoFundMe account
for Veronica and I so that he could help
send us on a vacation after the baby is
old enough to be left behind and I'd
rather not do that
if we don't have to because I want us
all to go as a family and have fun
together but needless to say the poor
guy put in the comments that he started
a GoFundMe account and everyone's kind
of crucifying him so I it's my job to
step up and say he's legit he worked it
out with me it's not fake it's a hundred
percent real and I can't let you guys
just bash this poor kid for trying to do
something great for Veronica and I you
know like me I don't I don't I don't ask
for money I don't ask for handouts I
want to try and provide for you guys so
you know it's it was just something nice
that he tried to do for me for us and
just give him a break come on brigade
all right listen that's all I got for
you today guys we're gonna get some
stuff done it's time for me to put the
camera down suppose we'll see you right
back here
