would you believe that calling off the
bus but Carson did not Carson missed the
bus from school how does it happen
I don't know now we have to sit here and
wait for him to show up
so we're just gonna sit here and wait
there's Jay it's a warm today yeah it's
like 50 degrees that's 51 degrees
outside there is we found him I thought
you were lost it's okay you're here now
that's all that matters
hop in it's all good don't worry about
it it's cool look at that second day in
a row beautiful sunshine we are outside
trying to enjoy it look at these boys
jumping jump jump on the trampoline you
want me to jump with you yeah I'll get
in on that a man sign for outside fun
again huh this is exciting oh man oh my
god wait wait look at your hair Carson's
hair standing up the snow and coldness
is moving away from us we're getting
into a warmer temperature I couldn't be
more excited I can't wait till you get
our baby girl out here it's still a
little too chilly for her she can't
really do the trampoline yet but it's
cool oh you want bounced again
are you doing you're killing our snowman
yeah you got a point can I kick it all
right here we go for us he's dead rest
in peace for us see it's a good
old-fashioned stomp down had to come
inside and show lies out the window what
she's missing since it's such a nice day
out what do you see out there honey
can't you wait to go outside and play
oh I can't I can't even imagine these
poor babies they just want to get up and
run
have fun crawl and puke all over the
place make messes like the big brothers
baby and from the sitting mom's lap all
day and drink from the nectar of the
gods
Brock is yelling at me I got to go to
the store get dinner get stuff for the
kids lunches for the week all this
cabbage look look look at my face ah I
think because of that whipped cream or
whatever they put on mica whip it's
breaking my face out on them I'm
actually kind of pissed Carson you're
going with me let's go come on Carson
and daddy
kroger trip we're going Kroger and a
Dorito what yeah you do I'm gonna hold
off on putting gum in my mouth because I
know you guys don't like it when it
when's the last time we got to go out
just you and me together just you and me
it's been a long time huh it's good time
good time father and son together again
we're happy four years old that's the
last time
you never take my life gosh I need to
get my brakes looked at because every
time I stop now I can hear this this
little grinding noise well it's not a
little grand you know it's it's slower
than getting bigger but I do all the
work on my car and I hate doing it no
lunch time because it's so cold but now
it's starting to get warm so I'm you do
oil changes and brake checks and all
this yapping yeah put your favorite
thing in there what looks so good the
state you're gonna eat it raw no we're
gonna cook it right okay I'm with you
I'd rather have steak we did it we got
all the stuff we needed are you pumped
thanks for helping me dude yeah I know
he likes his dumplings cold let's go
home and cook some steaks oh yeah yep
nope we're having steak we're having
steak are you ready
I thought you were cooking it I got so
much sake I even picked up an extra
guest to help us eat it
everyone say hi to AJ you just put
Cheers with the beers you know I mean Oh
Cheers yeah yeah steak dinner let's do
this
look at all this steaks at home you know
I my buddy AJ I I got a call from him
earlier I was like dude quit talking and
just come over I'll feed you the state
and here he is dude one of these steaks
belongs to you right wait make sure
bronica gets hurts first no I'm not even
I'm not even ready okay
we heard just out in the living room
discussing the events of New Year's Eve
you know I didn't put up a blog from New
Year's Eve and after dinner we'll
explain AJ has a very very vivid
first-person recollection of how New
Year's Eve went we'll fill you in
I've known this guy since high school
middle school sixth grade we go way way
way way back we me and AJ a party hard
together don't confirm by the time it
took me an hour to get up the stairs he
was in the bathroom from that time until
the time I left in the morning okay and
it sounded like this I don't know if I
ever said anything about what New Year's
Eve but everyone I run into from that
night was like dude New Year's Eve yu-er
I was like yeah I know if he could if he
could tie I'm not around a banana gonna
champion New Year's Eve would have been
such an epic vlog but the next day I was
so hungover I didn't realize that when I
was formatting the card I didn't dump it
yes so that's why we don't have that it
would have been a historical probably
one of the funniest vlogs that you'd
ever seen on my channel ever play the
greatest yeah seriously eating these
kids ready for school in the morning is
almost as bad as pulling your own teeth
do you know what that means yeah just an
example I took Carson about 25 minutes
to eat that much of one pop-tart
all right Carson fly gaggy bye dude
Colin have a good day love you they're
both really good kids amazing kids but
it's like seriously the hardest thing to
do to get them ready in the morning
Carson is the slowest kid on the planet
you don't care
all right so the kids are off to school
and before I get anything started for my
day I became aware lest night that grand
theft auto 5 is releasing the new heist
mode which is supposed to be really cool
online multiplayer stuff and I want to
get down online with you guys so I'm
starting the download right now because
I know it takes a while for point two
gigs so before I start editing before I
end the vlog or anything we are going to
download the new update start update and
later today we hopefully will be able to
play grand theft auto 5 online heists
together which I think would be really
cool say good morning to the precious
little princess she's being super happy
this morning which is good she slept
pretty decent last night everyone got
some rest which is awesome keeps us
fresh and today seems like a really
low-key kind of video there was no
retaliation yet because Veronica didn't
come up with anything but I'm sure she
will so look forward to that let's see
him in line for us today it's time for
me to set the camera down those will see
all of you right back here tomorrow
