we're late we gotta go honey you take a
shower I'll see you when I get back we
gotta go pick up the boys PJ's sons
Paxson's birthday party is in like 45
minutes and I have an hour round trip
drive to get the boys so weird oh hey we
got to hurry up and get dressed we got
to go Paxson's parties today come on
yeah yeah yeah yeah we gotta go gone
come on come on come on where's Colin
Colin Hey hey Bubba hey we gotta hurry
up and get dress it's Paxton's party
today yeah we gotta go yep birthday
party time momma ready yeah she look
beautiful both you guys look beautiful
can't take it I got the two most
beautiful girls before I'm over here oh
yeah yeah yeah let's do this we made it
you guys ready to party wow I know I am
I hope they got all the all the good
party favors and everything you know
like hand the tail and zonkey yeah Liza
of course she's with us everywhere
birthday game time look I got this thing
I stopped wearing you through yeah pin
the nose on Mickey that's a classic game
right there are you ready to win are you
gonna win here you gotta wear the ears
you gotta wear the ears
yeah keep going keep going keep going
right in front of you hey did cheat you
sure I didn't cheat I just saw through
the nose part hey that's good right
there dude keep turning keep turning go
straight you can do this it sounded a
Mickey Mouse pi√±as where's the big
baseball bat oh that's that's fine our
swing attacks nice guys put concrete in
there didn't you
oh yeah candy baby that's pure happiness
right there that's good good shoving
your pockets full Carson what yeah man
look at you
captain bulge pants there goes mommy and
baby no matter where we go
bronchi stop pull off somewhere and get
the babies every two hours is like
clockwork she eats like a monster the
girl them deer just hanging out
I feel see you there down there I can't
see oh my god right by the fire yeah
please oh brother one two three four
five six seven hey that's crazy man you
ready go home little girl you're so cute
I just love you while Paxton's birthday
party was a lot of fun the kids had a
lot of fun but we are gonna do some even
more fun stuff we get back to my house
as you know Sunday is Walking Dead then
we're gonna make a day out we're gonna
go home and play some zombie games the
dying light game me DJ I think Dallas
would probably be there and Jenn just so
happens to be a gamer after zombie games
we're gonna watch The Walking Dead and
talk about a crap it's gonna be fun
let's get out of here let her do it
honey let her do it hold it up girl
I was trying to hold her head up by
herself
so tough look at you cross everything
she's she's already wore out she's like
a kid I can't do it anymore
Oh sneezy this is our walking dead
session four people and a baby I gotta
go get Wendy's I'll see you learn about
it face front slick soon is walking dead
room she's like I need Wendy's wait we
were hungry where do you live
hey Jen nice playin games with you I
gotta go I'll see you later honey I'll
be right back
she wants a frosted she loves the
crossing the French fries back home
bronze like take her I gotta get the
kids in the bath they have school
tomorrow and it's like 10 o'clock and
they're still up well boys have a
fantastic awesome super cool extra
special day at school okay be good okay
did you work down staff love you yeah
love you more oh go up this way climb
over ha ha ha
so I've been waiting for Veronica to
leave me alone with the baby and I
realized last night how uncanny that
this Nutella looks like poop so I'm
gonna put so I'm gonna put the two
together see if I can't freak her out
let's get mom wait
honey look at this poo diaper she just
had her first real poo oh there's no
nasty oh me oh you thought it was
true for a second didn't I I guess it
wasn't a face full of whipped cream but
she still thought she wasn't sniffing a
poo poo diaper hon girl good job you got
her high five high five don't leave me
hanging
good luck alright people that's all that
we've got for today I need to get some
stuff done it's Monday time to be
productive and get a lot of stuff done
if you haven't already checked my how-to
channel I published a new tutorial for
setting your Canon DSLR to use with
shotgun mics which is a pretty good
tutorial useful information how do you
feel about getting a poo poo diaper in
your face oh yeah you know wasn't really
a poo poo diaper it wasn't I thought it
was at first I was concerned well you
didn't make a peep she shouldn't have to
like that yeah small little payback for
the whipped cream as long as it go to my
face I can smell it yeah I'm sure
I should have prepped it with the liquid
ass yeah your move
mmm let's see what Veronica's got up her
sleeve I'm gonna edit we'll get the kids
off the bus in a little while and you
know start fresh again tomorrow yeah
so it's time for me to put the camera
down I suppose I'll see all of you right
back here
