about time we showed up what's up guys
I'm out and about today we're supposed
to go to the doctor's office to check on
Veronica's incision which we're kind of
worried about but I think everything's
gonna be fine with that
so until we hear back from the doctor's
office I had to run into town to pay the
mortgage pay on the Jeep give away all
my hard-earned money kind of sucks but
do what you got to do when you're an
adult
you know what I mean and last night we
had a lot of fun going out to dinner and
it was uh you know as it was as exciting
as my birthday could be with having a
new baby and whatnot but you know you
just roll with the punches Chase Bank
Chase is my bank do you find it ironic
that my name is chase and I bank that
Chase I make the joke all the time when
people when people notice on my card
that my name is chase they go oh how
cool you bank you chase me yeah just
some company my dad started a while back
nothing deal so it's photo shoot time
here at the Gilroy else we have this
little thing set up this is like a
little bumpy pillow that the baby can
lie in we have these precious little
angel wings we're gonna put on her and a
halo she can be naked they're babies she
pees on there that done well Eliza
didn't really cooperate for too long on
that one but wait I do I was able to get
a lot of really cool shots with their
angel wings and then a couple of thirds
kind of naked girls crazy like that
where you got a pigeon you know just my
best friends
Jill was our kids best friend actually
and since I'm already shooting photos PJ
came over to have Paxson's photos done
you can get your photo shot yeah yeah oh
yeah guys you're gonna be proud of boys
look at their room Oh
oh my gosh you did you did good I like
it good work good work now as you did
that in the comments mm-hmm
yes that's good tell the boys good job
in the comments but because you guys
cleaned your room means that we may be
able to do some extremely extreme gaming
battle gaming I promise implicitly we
make another video we're gonna do a
better game a more exciting game yes H
you don't know what it is yet there's
big moment happening right now
I grew teeths just the final so Isis
first bottle it is still breast my third
pump day check out this concoction
chicken with barbecue sauce and cheese
and bacon what'd you get that where did
you get that idea
interest in these little potato chips
again fresh cut potatoes covered in
cheese
mmm-hmm hair trauma tell me if you love
it if you love it guys this is so bogus
Colin and I are trying to play some Call
of Duty advanced warfare and I turned it
on and it's still updating updating
updating does PlayStation 3 take forever
to update this is this is crazy I did
check my network settings in it said
that the my upload speed was 28
kilobytes per second Colin I finally
getting some quality Call of Duty time
man 1 mm-hmm man I think I'm gonna get
like 12 or 16 kills this round I hope so
what's your favorite weapon he's doing
pretty good actually last round you got
7 kills all right dude game nights over
good job Carson Carson Carson actually
got in on some call it Duty action
nicely done dude but it's definitely a
bedtime bedtime good time I'm gonna sit
here and watch the new Hunger Games what
are you boys doing yeah I'm really glad
you got your room clean that's so much
better so much better looks good make
sure that when you you know finish with
all these toys you get them picked up -
ok ok ok
why dude it's a new day fresh and bright
in the morning it's a new day I have to
edit the video and get ready take a
shower
because tonight my parents are having me
over for my birthday dinner I'm not sure
who else is gonna make it but it should
be fun at least I haven't seen them for
a while and my grandma still hasn't seen
baby Eliza so we'll get to show her baby
lies also just good so I'm going to sit
down edit and I suppose that means I'll
see all of you right back here
