oh you guys are here what's up I just
finished editing yesterday's vlog and
tell me if you notice the coolness of
the very beginning in the very end which
I just did right now again I think I
came up with the idea I was like you
wouldn't be awesome if we started and
ended our vlog to sweat like you just so
happened to show up while we're doing
what we whatever we do but today is my
birthday
Carson just made me a card you made me a
card and a picture can I look at it now
yeah okay let's see oh oh that's cool
dude is that you and me yeah cause yeah
what's the house is that our house yeah
with the garage and everything
that's pretty rad dude I like it
high-five let's see the card I love you
dad I was trying to catch your
performance how did that how did that go
again where they're fighting what did
the skeletons just say to the Snowman
I'm putting up the finishing touches on
the vlog for today the upload also let
me show you something cool that my buddy
James from across the pond is helping me
with
I decided to make some changes to the
how-to and review channel intro I
thought it was a little too robotic so I
reached out to my buddy James to see if
he could come up something better and
this is what we we got pretty cool right
I just have to add music to it and for
that I'm reaching out to my buddy Mike
Jose from Virginia Beach area to see if
he can't come up with a cool soundtrack
for that clip so yeah I mean I'm just
constantly constantly working on
improving this that's how to channel
format because I want it to be great I
think I've said it before but I wanted
to be really good I want it to be my
main channel type stuff check this out
it's a over the wire family get-together
yes yeah he's gonna try and pimp he's
gonna try and pimp on you when you get
older but I'm not gonna let him dude
look how much hair he's got that's
incredible hey Eliza is kind of bald
she's got fuzz that's alright that's
alright I know he's got it that's crazy
the dinner skull trying to have me help
him get his Elgato job but he has got a
PlayStation 3 and it doesn't work so I'm
trying to convince Dennis hmm get that
Xbox one boy Xbox one boy listen this
guy's telling you get it telling you to
get a Playstation he's probably the same
guy that's got an android phone yeah
that's what I hear I mean if that's
important to you megapixels ain't
everything but that's just me I'm saying
6 plus oh so we are about we've spent
some time together today which is
awesome it's my birthday I just got this
little lady all dressed up in pink look
I love you - I love you too
we're getting excuse me we're getting
ready to go have dinner at Texas
Roadhouse my favorite place
well because it's run his favorite place
and I just so happen to like it - look
at this look at this we got a big crew
now with our girl mommy the boys
yeah just burp to the mill talking it's
so bright oh she's in there she's hiding
from you
come on oh not that way just sneak up on
Grammy go sneak up on her she's right
around the corner
yeah go get her
she saw you
look at this big table
so the birthday boy - oh I'm drinking
beer
cheers buddy
clear Zee
oh you don't speak about that do we have
speak about natives I want
we
oh now we're going to go
I can't wait for my
you're not very much
and I don't have enough promise
about
no birthday dinner without favor I love
meat oh I already ate half of it meat
everywhere
me me me how's your steak thumbs up or
thumbs down all right so you ride the
saddle
oh my god
the woods taking Baris me like champion
I accepted the song and then agreed to
ride the saddle here at Texas Roadhouse
which is a customary thing when they
sing you the Happy Birthday song
I please the crowd
with the baby in everything now I'm
going to share my spoils with my boys oh
yeah
Walmart this is just where I wanted to
spend my birthday you guys when you
become family people and you no longer
part of the party singing this is what
you have to look forward to on your
birthday you go to Walmart following
those pillars are cool and all but check
out this pillow no hugs
that's tricky yeah you can't even get it
that's all
let's roll we need a hard drive need a
hard drive I'm always running out of
space making you know doing these videos
I gotta keep backups and stuff so I need
another external hard drive come on mama
put that cart in high gear this is my
birthday guys back home changing diapers
Walmart trips embarrassment at the Texas
Roadhouse and my Mac no okay I get the
boys all done with their homework
finish it up Collin you got it use your
points seems like everyone's pretty much
done with today we went so hard for my
birthday Oh Carson well I'm going out to
eat and stuff really worried out didn't
it
and it's morning and time to get the
kids on the bus we got a bit of a hiccup
last night and I'll explain that in a
minute but we need to get these guys to
school ready grumpy that's mine he is
being frumpy what I know have fun on
your Friday have a good day bye Carson
I'm 32 now see you when you get home I
love you when we were leaving Walmart
even walking through Walmart
Veronica started to get really slow and
she was saying her belly hurts its sword
we get home and realize that poor
Veronica's incision on one side is
starting to come open
ouch yeah yeah open so much that it's
actually bleeding a little bit so we we
kind of got a little scared I mean
that's scary luckily we so she just
recently took off all the rest of her
steri-strips it's like skin tape that
keeps everything closed after they take
the staples out and it it needed it like
he was open it's open pretty good and so
we're waiting to hear back from the
doctor to determine whether or not she
needs to come in or what they're gonna
do about it
but that was one of her biggest fears
and we left the hospital was that she
would her incision would come open so it
kind of freaked her out a little bit and
took our happy exciting birthday moment
from way up here down to like oh snap so
we needed to focus on Veronica a little
bit but she's obviously not pain it's
okay honey what's more important is that
you're healthy so if you gave me
birthday wishes on my social media it's
so hard to reply to every single one of
you but I'll tell you all now if you
wish me happy birthday they
so much it really does mean a lot to me
that all of you are watching and wishing
us well so thank you again we're gonna
get ready for this doctor's appointment
if she needs to go in and yeah that's
the end of the line for today guys so
thank you so much for watching and I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
