oh hey guys what's up
I'm glad you're here I actually just
finished reshooting the jakhary review
that uh that I did the other day I
didn't like it I'm being very picky
about how this channel turns out and I
just decided to reshoot it completely oh
my God look there's a freaking stink bug
on my ceiling
yes I know why but I'm really really
emotional right now my head just I'm
hungry and I'm just trying to chug
no but seriously I'm making steak mg
over here these just eat these all the
time with my mom my mom used to get
those and I saw him at stores and I was
like I got it I got to try this out
again because I miss it so I'm gonna
stay comes with some grilled onions so
I'll use these hamburger buns yeah
man that looks good
hmm I don't usually like onions but
let's stake or anything like this I'd
like to have my name don't tell it good
little steak sandwich some mozzarella
cheese onion and some one rest by say
brown mustard love it your outer
underwear you did I can't believe you
guys went to school that way and look at
this
it's Wacky Wednesday that's funny
did everyone comment on your outfit yeah
yeah did they think it was awesome just
wacky enough easy on the cat Colin easy
on fluffy one job to do today remember
yeah what is it
clean the room oh don't be sore don't be
a sore little salty sour puss would you
look who's home hey Liza did you have
fun with mommy
oh listen carefully she's trying to poo
just sharded that's okay honey everybody
sharts yeah everybody doesn't come to
left the baby with me to take a shower
and I just changed her diaper but before
that we were sitting here on the couch
and I just went knocked out for about 35
minutes 40 minutes she's she's not too
happy whoops
Your Honor there you go check on the
boys and see if they're getting that
room cleaned boys you haven't picked up
anything oh my goodness come on guys it
don't take all day to clean a room
breakfast for dinner again
I remember her promising ma that's like
a really super awesome chicken dinner
what here over there
what what do you doing over there are
you looking at these pictures
yeah that's Virginia Beach right there
Virginia Beach yeah those are pictures
from our honeymoon
you guys did love we didn't vlog then
actually nope
this was when me and mommy went to
Virginia Beach right after we got
married yeah she took that picture that
you're right yeah we rented bikes and
then we rented roller skates
well rollerblades yeah awesome use of
strawberries and blueberries mm-hmm did
you say about the organic strawberries
do you know that the the were the the
strawberries that are sprayed with all
the chemicals are only like 250 but the
organic strawberries are five bucks five
bucks for me
I know and that's great sugar almonds
look I quit messing around and got the
bigger bottle Tabasco you see that yeah
I'm getting the next step up there's a
bigger one actually Collins in his
underwear Superman I'm sitting there
trying to do dishes dinner gave us a
full Sinclair dishes oh we're guessing I
guess we're supposed to hit three to
five more inches of snow tonight three
to five you can lay if you want like
where did you tell mommy goodnight
let's go to bed
ringing Lucky Charms erectus Lucky
Charms
you're you look like a leprechaun you
little leprechaun funding leprechaun
happens to be the icon for st. Patrick's
Day which is not Saint Patrick's Day but
it is in March but what also is in March
is my birthday today's my birthday and I
feel really old not really I'm only 32
years old and I feel like a young 32 I'm
always happy and positive and energetic
so I can say I feel proud to be 32 and
how awesome is this the kids don't have
school today because it snowed last
night and I mean I think they could have
had school but I'm not gonna
because it is my birthday and I have my
family here with me to help celebrate so
that's a really cool bonus so today's
vlog may be a little short but that's
okay that's okay I didn't want to spend
my whole birthday which is today editing
so I'm gonna finish up and wrap
everything up here and take care of the
edits so we can go do something fun note
for my birthday if you guys want to do
something awesome for me I have it for
you now for today only until midnight
tonight I'm going to set a coupon code
check out the screen right now look at
this coupon code look at it
birthday kill if you go to gladiator
stuff calm today and buy a shirt or
anything use this coupon code you get
25% off I want everyone to have
gladiator stuff so that everyone can
know power of the guild so go to
gladiator stuff calm use the coupon code
and enjoy your merch and tell me happy
birthday in the notes all right I'm
gonna make breakfast and we're gonna get
ready I'm gonna edit and and that's
that's about all we got for you today
thank you so much for watching and I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
