I grabbed the room to the keys out of my
key at this year she's always got my bag
let's go see I haven't seen you in
forever
hurry up ah it is such a beautiful day
guys such a blessed day warm over this
way come here well we got a couple
packages and everybody and I mean
everybody just loves to see this little
cutie out and about you're like a you're
like the star you know you're the star a
star oh yeah
alright fast forward into the day just a
little bit I just finished my livestream
and you guys know I'm a twitch streamer
as well stream three nights a week
Wednesday happen to be 5 p.m. yeah it is
no dinner time yeah yep I had to take
care of some things hasn't clone cult
has it supposed to do yep and now we're
going to go down Amber's have some
yep
okay be good just look at the
temperature 93 huh
it's 93 degrees out what now it's going
down it's only 93 because it's been
sitting in the hot hot Sun oh look here
hey you guys need a ride or something hi
Liza what are you God you got mommy look
like you got a bug on your face too you
guys want a ride her yeah hey you
arrived with daddy Liza
he's training he's like training for the
Olympics look at him you got a dude so
you think there's more issues than just
the handlebars
it doesn't even drop right that sucks
man we just had to adjust the throttle
cook you can see like the throttle got
all jacked up it's all broken like you
don't hear it in 2nd and 3rd year but
when you're in first year like there's a
clicking noise back here really yeah
good job honey but doesn't are you
sweating on your are you is your bottom
sweating girl oh my god oh my god Margo
do they know it's like a Wednesday taco
Wednesday I already ate - officer calm
amber thank you for making dinner for us
to have that's fantastic right boys you
ever been to this place on like a ever
dinner one linear one we came out to the
lake grey so Papa videos
this is the happening spot tonight all
the older folks unless they want to
focus on my hair on Wednesday night and
play trivia I don't know if you can even
see it
I'll give you a better shot from the sky
because we're about the fly all right
just like that we're finished with our
flight but here's the thing guys with
this app I'm a little bit disappointed
maybe it's not supposed to work is good
but while flying the drone this app kind
of like
it kind of like lags out the video feed
from the drone not terribly bad not bad
enough that couldn't fly it but it
definitely that is garbage
alright we're going to figure this out
so instead of getting anything done we
had to actually figure out all the
testing with this app and apparently you
can record in 1080 or 720 when you're
flying the drone it only likes 720 so if
any of you guys are out there trying to
use air shower air show and record your
screen while you're flying drone don't
even bother with 1080 because it will
just collect out and look like potato
soup we got it to work on 720 which is
great but now I feel like we're out of
the proper light you look at that sunset
oh so beautiful I just walked through
Papa boos saying hot everybody I know we
got to get back to the house is starting
to get late but at sunset now
we're just going to go slow don't mind
us
oh my gosh look over here that's crazy
dang dude
laughs did you get that I'm filled with
over barely four like have affection oh
my gosh we should fly the drone no
that's illegal don't do that if you ever
see an accident or anything like that do
not fly your drone over that because
that is bad news
you'll get fined like great still be
cool
earlier Carson's going to help me
earlier we went to the mail and we got
some Paco job all right this one's from
Walmart is will see that Star Wars
Battlefront repeat I love yeah we
already have that here
Mortal Kombat X and evolve
he's like this game oh oh you want P
hold on we got to break for Pete oh
that's good
last package and this this guy's is why
we go we don't really do full-on like
dedicated fan mail videos because we
would get a couple packages which is
fine
each one not really enough to do like a
whole video so I hope you understand
online Grocery Outlet it's all groceries
from New Jersey three whole boxes right
yeah mmm there's new Oh Kayla Kayla
thank you for the three boxes of nutty
buddies my dentist thanks you as well
but we should probably put these in the
fridge because they've been in the car
most the afternoon so they're in
harden back up yeah saves you guys for
sending cool stuff we love it every
single time
she lost her shell out as much as not
like The Walking Dead
she liked the show who's it going to be
seven first six person tent person voted
out of Survivor oh the boys get really
been out of shape when Eliza plays with
your Legos which they shouldn't but so
he did not recall just like him later
dude
Collins Liza needs help putting the boat
back together sleep-deprived which can
interfere so much oh that's good take
another helper picks it you have fun
outside bub yeah trampolines are me and
Campbell online
oh yeah we're game for Channel 9 can got
the dunk last shot Angus ready it's
pretty much the end of the night I can't
imagine we're going to get into anything
else this evening that is where we're
going to leave it for today I want to
say thank you so much for watching and
hanging out with us as often as you can
we really do love you we can't wait to
see each and every one of you right back
here next time
