all right all right good morning I got
my coffee and we're gonna go to the
store and I need salt for the softener
and your check the mail first thing what
are you guys thinking about I don't want
to reinstate the fanart Friday thing but
I was thinking about what if we did
fanmail Friday right
so every Friday morning I go and check
the box and whatever mail is in there
wait that's what we do for the segment
right cool thing is it cool or not
thumbs up thumbs down also I'm going to
see if I can convince Veronica today to
come up with a dinner idea and then we
film a test of what could be from his
cooking channel and I'll help her all
the way through it and and you guys can
get feedback on that as well if she
plays alone she may have other plans but
I'm just gonna train sneak it in there I
just checked the mail and there happens
to be a hardware store right by the post
office so I'm gonna see usually they
have more expensive everything well I'm
gonna see if their prices are decent
enough to drive so far the other way to
get you know salt do it best it's not
Morton's which I usually get Morton's is
known for salt but I guess it'll do like
650 a bag she's still kind of expensive
but I need it
with the video quality of the vlogs
lately I appreciate you guys hanging in
there well the other Canon is being
repaired I took a real gamble getting
you know a replacement camera to make
sure that you know we had the quality of
the vlogs and I like the video quality
it just turns out that the microphone on
this camera in my opinion a little
sensitive in yesterday's vlog I did a
little mastering on the audio to try and
equalize give it a little more bass and
a little less of the high and I think it
turned out okay
but I can't do that for every vlog it's
too much time buts
the more time it spends me to edit the
less time I have to actually vlog and do
other things so look how empty my soul
tank is yeah lower than I thought it's a
good workout right here
forty pound bags huh
here we go level five always gotta
remember to reset the salt level we have
to use a softener because this house the
water is supplied by a well so we don't
have city water and it gets really hard
sometimes like if you don't put salt in
it it's like if you don't put salt in it
the water gets really hard and it leaves
like it makes the tubs in the showers
like orange from rust alright I'm
getting hungry I'm gonna cook up another
one of these salmon things same as the
seven turkeys singing I cook two of
these already the first one you saw it
was awesome I cooked it perfectly the
second one not so much I burnt the crap
out of it
hey this is gonna be better that's what
I'm talking about
but you guys didn't know I was trying to
grow my hair out check what I got it's
awesome give me a back view huh I want
to show everyone how awesome this weave
is with my girls those things too much
like a dead freaking animal inside the
road can't believe you order stuff like
this oh my we've home are we I said girl
look how awful it is out today it it's
like a ice fog rain it's been pouring
look it's melted all the snow well not
all the snow all that follow Kathy needs
more of those invitations ma there's
baby shower invitations so since they're
custom I kind of have to go make only
two more I'll be back boys I love you
it's getting worse it's like the
thickest black death fog I've ever seen
where's my girls
hey you it's not good to sit in the dark
we get Veronica she's working from home
I believe this this is someone in your
life need some light do I ever get a
woman let there be light it's crazy the
cost of light bulbs anymore
like those LED light bulbs are like 10
dollars a bulb well seven seven eight
dollars a ball
dinner's gonna be delayed you guys dang
we're doing dujour now
so me and Colin's doing his math work
you're doing good and I was asking him
if they taught him the points of the
numbers yet do you guys remember this
you can see it every time I count or add
or subtract or anything with numbers I
always used these points I don't know
for some reason when I was taught in
school they showed us those number
points and I literally use it to this
day
and I'm trying to teach it to call him
is it working out oh yeah pizza time
boys come on it's time to eat
time to eat how many of you guys in your
head said it's not delivery its DiGiorno
when I showed you that pizza box I'll
bet you did at least have good morning
well thank you I think you messed up
with your clothes there vacuums dad oh
wait that's right it's Wacky Wednesday
yep that's the common theme today I
think your bare Wacky Wednesday which is
where they get to dress up like idiots
at school no but who would rightfully
wear underwear on the outside of their
pants now you're thinking that's smart
good idea you're leaving again kids are
off to school and Bronk and the baby are
going to the SMO Moore store to work man
I'm gonna have to film a tutorial and a
review something I'm gonna I'm gonna do
this I'm gonna do this hard fast long
you have to carry your own mommy okay I
will I will carry her for you look at
her old lady hand with the flower every
time I see the Hat I want to say bonnet
I just want to say bonnet
well being at home alone by myself is
the perfect opportunity to get a bunch
of stuff done and I only have a limited
amount of time to do that so I'm gonna
take full advantage of this opportunity
so that's the end of the line for us
today I'm gonna get some work done I'll
see you right back here
