jeez I let mommy go upstairs and take a
shower
I said I'm gonna I'm gonna watch the
baby while you go take a shower
I'm one good look at this look what I'm
exporting I can't read it there look Tom
and she food vlog it's a highly
sophisticated rough cut that I'm sending
to Dennis to check over and make sure he
likes it
this is one of the projects that I've
been working on for the past few days on
top of my reviews intro the actual
review videos and the how to's I've been
trying to create a whole bunch of stuff
to put out there and I hope that when I
do you guys love it as much as I do
anyway right okay
you know what it's actually about time
ago get the kids off the bus he looks
really cool I'm gonna tell you guys
something really cool Veronica said to
me this morning that she was interested
and going back to work which kind of
means a couple things it means that we
for the past few weeks we've really been
kind of stuck in the house and taking
care of the baby and making sure that
Veronica is recovering as well as she
should be
and and it's like the dawn of the the
new you know the the next step towards
after having a baby
so Veronica's feeling well enough to go
back to work and that means we can go
back out and you know we can take the
baby out places and and it just means
that we can get out of the house and
with spring approaching that even
further solidifies the fact that we can
get out of the house tell you what I've
never had cabin fever like I have now
really it's been so cold lately so we
haven't really been able to get out and
we have a bit a new baby so it's it's
it's really good to see that Veronica is
feeling well enough to want to get out
and I'm excited and you guys should be
excited too not only for her but we get
to bring you cool cooler videos we're
gonna get out can't wait
Hey Dude I missed you what's that buddy
I missed you while you're at school the
snowman is actually leaning over we
gotta fix him
hurry up close the door there's a car
coming hurry so how's school dude yellow
means good what'd you learn today
what'd you have to put pennies in there
yeah really what about you Colin
how was your day at school it was good
what did you learn I learned I learned
the same thing is yesterday yeah
yesterday of Sunday so you weren't
really at school well it was same as
last week right
no okay we after after-school snack
uh-huh
what do you want blue tub you know I
don't usually custom my blogs but this
chip dip no got how oh my god Jeff Jeff
no these are pouring sighs chips
yeah mm-hmm uh-huh guess what little
wiser you're going bye-bye ice I just
got done telling you that Veronica's
feeling well enough to go to work well
she's going today just told me she's
going today she's getting ready so I got
a dress up this little girl in the cute
little penguin outfit cuz it's cold
pretty excited I'm not excited you're
finally going bye-bye you're going to
leave the house next thing you know
you're gonna be going to the mall with
your friends
Ranko bye-bye hi we're taking our first
trip out just turn I'm going I'm gonna
go back to work and help out for a
little while
tighten her up get ready to go too much
this should be interesting
he's warm you know Bhuvan sho-me even
with this it was empty this doesn't hurt
you you're okay with it honey look I'm
so proud of you yeah you're on the road
to recovery I'm feeling a lot better
almost forgot do you know what happens
this week what happens this week it's
March what happens in March we tricking
me or do you just remember the true
story my birthday is this week March 5th
the day of the Gil it should be a
national holiday I think did you buy me
something special yeah don't worry we're
gonna have so much fun we gotta fix the
snowman get ready we're going outside
honey Drive careful Oh be safe
yeah it is all these firsts I don't know
how we can handle it I feel like we
should send you with the camera
oh really
blogging to us should be as natural as
breathing you know right well that's in
our first venture under my belt I love
you be careful tell her tell her she
needs to be careful all right the time
you see that she already would have been
careful but still doesn't hurt
all right guys momma's gone you're ready
to go fix the snowman yeah
do you have wit we need stuff for like
his eyes we don't have coal we need to
care it and we don't have a carrot where
is it go grab it go grab it
we're gonna play in the snow this is
kind of cold me and the boys just hold
on let me get my shoes how do you
suggest we fix this
I don't think that'll work I'm gonna
guess look at that
it's pretty awesome though if you just
sculpt it I can get it nice and round
looks pretty sweet well it looks like
that's as cool as our snowman's gonna
get you don't have any decorations and
the boys as you can tell I've completely
lost interest yep so at least he's at
least he's the street snowman it's just
three balls look at this this is the top
layer of the snow it's all ice now
there's definitely no fixing our snowman
now because it's all ice no don't hurt
me I'm gonna get you
this sucks in to vlog outside you have
to have one glove off and it's too cold
for that Gabi please mister I don't want
any trouble please did you guys have fun
in the snow with me again yeah we're
having again breakfast for dinner that
seems to be a favorite in our house
breakfast for dinner
Veronica's still not back yet which is
fine I want her to get out of the house
I feel like she poor girl she's been
stuck here forever
pretty much incapacitated she can't do
anything so I'm glad she's feeling well
enough to get out
kind of a cool thing that their school
is doing it's a little fundraising
project for leukemia the Leukemia and
Lymphoma Society basically they're
collecting donations or change that the
kids can find around the house so I
guess everyone that goes to the kids
schools and just be reading their
parents change bowls
this will help you're becoming a
philanthropist helping other people
right so I found some change and you can
put some in your box
Carson you can put some in his box
Carson this is money that gets donated
to people who need Walt cancer research
basically so you can feel good about
doing that well I'm sure you can put
other things you can put other money in
there I always give more remember that
son always give more put it all in the
dime is worth 10 cents these are the
pennies pennies are the brown ones this
is a quarter this is a penny one cent 25
cents teaching them to be better men
that's time for bed mom is still not
home yet I'm about to get some nice
quiet time
last one stairs is my best friend yeah I
like that I like that nice you did it
together I like it look who showed up
to be honest I just put the kids to bed
it's all excited that you still weren't
home and I was actually gonna get some
peace and quiet for myself and now I
realize that's not the case
but I'm glad you're home mmm did you
have fun the morning girls I messed up I
uh I went to sleep early last night as
soon as she came home she was fussy she
wanted to sleep and we finally got her
to sleep and it was like let's go to
sleep ourselves the rule of thumb is
when the baby sleeps you sleep that's
the best way I got so much sleep
actually that I woke up ten minutes
before the boys bus was supposed to be
here so I had to hurry up and get them
fed and make their lunches and I
actually drove them to school and forgot
my camera she's definitely gonna have my
blue eyes it's so awesome
yes my black girl well I could sit here
all day and just hang out with my girls
in bed but then we would never get
anything done so I'm gonna bid you
farewell for today and start anew Oh
guess what the very first cut of our
first food vlog for Dennis's channel is
out for review they'll be taking a look
at that and you'll be making some
adjustments to make sure you look
forward to that soon it's a really cool
project and if it goes well if the
reaction from the viewers is positive
then we'll keep doing it and how cool
would that be to go Oliver I could
imagine us going to like Asia and trying
food at a place in Asia it would be
really interesting to see that to
imagine boys checking out food in Asia
so make sure you keep an eye out for
that that's all I've got for you today
thank you so much for watching I really
do appreciate each and every single one
of you and I'll see all of you right
back here
