guys you ready to go outside and play in
the snow are seriously going bonkers I'm
only going equipped with my nice warm
jacket and my gloves I'm not wearing the
right attire for snow it'll be fine
though
I don't have bibs I shouldn't get that
actually it should be a quick snow all
right let's roll let's go play come on
yeah you're doing it roll it keep
rolling it till it gets bigger and
bigger and bigger oh yeah dude how's
yours coming Carson you're getting it
you're getting it look at it look look
at this one it's huge it's huge it's so
hard it's so hard to vlog with these
clothes huh let's keep going we can do
this we're almost there we just need to
round it out we may have got a late
start coming out here already yeah we're
gonna build a snowman regardless he will
be done it's so dark already do you love
your snowman well did you have fun yeah
it's snowman wait to see it beautiful
no it's perfectly round and everything
yes in the daylight I'll show you in the
morning yes as you know my videos last
from mid days poor girl she wants to go
outside play too in the snow
that's why she's mad she wants to go out
and play why can't we just run water up
and take her outside so she can play she
doesn't have a coat what we could wrap
her up in some towels or something that
was a joke by the way I know it was a
joke oh okay yeah I had to take him
outside because they were terrorizing
the house I had just been a large
portion of my day getting some stuff
done I've been doing a lot of computer
work lately go out as early as I wanted
to so that's why to come out look what I
found
I want the boys as pockets look at this
note will you go to the dance with me
yes no I had no idea it was that time of
their lives yet holy cow honey what look
what I found
it's a note no obviously what does it
say I don't know who it belongs to
where did you find it Kirsten had it in
his pocket oh yeah I'm on this side I
know this is the most pathetic way but
go to the dance with me I didn't even
see that check yes or no oh that's
hilarious
I'm gonna do yes you're gonna go to the
dance
it's your note is it your now who put on
my black guy guys there's no there's no
way to keep my house food so I'm trying
to get all of my book for Eliza and
although all my books are you know right
okay nice book okay hurry start reading
hurry hurry hurry just our reading mommy
wants to cry - what's wrong nothing she
wants to confess anyway I think I have
to make a trip to the store so that both
my girls don't melt down we have to do
this quickly Walking Dead comes on in 15
minutes I hate missing my show but I
also love taking good care of Veronica
and the baby Veronica needs something
very important so come on
can i boys love you you know Carson love
you good night
the things that your wives will send you
out for late at night she's gotta have
it or else she's not comfortable enjoy
that I don't I won't say what it is but
I know you needed it and I know you'll
enjoy it
3:43 am the baby just woke up to eat and
I was like we're going to bed girl let's
go upstairs to bed you guys ready for
school come on Carson there they are
little slug that's mine
Carson what's wrong are you in a good
mood : you guys gonna cheer up it's
Monday it's like the happiest day of the
week
he's got the gangster lean on I don't
know how that happened but I guess I'm
gonna try and fix it
there it is boys it's that magical time
of the day I'll miss you
what are your school have fun I love you
I love you call it I'll see you later
it's time for me to do my daily deal
you're gonna take a nap
she's napping you're gonna be nothing
I'm gonna take a shower get ready for
today edit and you do my things that I
can do while kids are at school that's
the end of the line for us today thank
you so much for checking in and we'll
see you right back here
