what's up guys happy day to you check
check this out I wanna show you guys
something for the gilroy how to's intro
here we go oh that's hot that's hot
right there I like it
I made that music myself Dallas watch me
and now we're gonna go shoot the photos
for those shirts what are you doing the
new side print gladiator logo shirt oh
my gosh she said that hmm what are you
making for dinner
homemade cheddar Bay biscuits my first
attempt I just kind of together I'm
excited for that
what does this have that we were goats
even plastic
Dallas Dallas is being my model
look at those he's just standing there
like that's a police lineup or something
you need numbers behind you you know
with height so we can tell how high you
are I mean tall I meant tall I thought
that's what I meant
I'm a tall honestly I'm actually kind of
I'm actually kind of bored that's why we
came down here to do this and I've been
on my computer all day editing already
getting all this stuff together
and I just wanted some camera time you
know nope
dang those cheddar Bay biscuits look
amazing I likey
you're such a good cook honey what do
you think what do you think bronze would
be well-suited for a Cooking Channel
what do you think show everyone how you
make these delicious meals the ones that
are really good anyway it's not like you
know what cheese and soup good stuff but
like the good stuff like this isn't it
are you tired I don't know I'm just
wondering this girl's been like
entertaining all day we've got guests
all day long three different times yes
yes we're gonna Mandic here and who else
Oh Josh and Sam dude my brain is like
they want to see the baby they don't
want to see the baby
the Grammy came what do you want to see
Veronica who wanted to come and see me
you know if your sister yeah
where's it getting ready go to bed and
you can't sleep with her you can't see
whether ever well until she gets bigger
cuz if she like gets covered up by
blankets she could suffocate here put
your arm under her look her necks
getting all there you go there you go
that's the way boys you know what time
it is
what time is it no I mean seriously what
time is it less when upstairs is a sweet
potato you know feels really good to be
recognized you know sweet potatoes big
deal rocking her to sleep
she's completely passed out you do the
arm test which is if you pull on her arm
lift it up and let go and it drops fast
she's fast asleep is she kind of like
slowly puts her arm back down then she's
not fully asleep yet but no matter what
when you lay her down if you get up or
move her lay her down she she wakes up
she only wants to sleep being held but
we're conditioning her we're
conditioning her to make her and she's
falls asleep
we lay her down and she'll wake up
ten-thirty
let's say we put on a movie Horrible
Bosses 2 just came out yeah can you see
that sure
we survived the night we actually camped
on the couch while veronika sleeps in
the chair but I camped on the couch
got us some sleep little baby Liza's
awake and happy look at that daddy makes
me smile is that true check this out
check this out we got us a little bit
more snow last night still snow Boise
Boise are you tapping me are you gonna
try and play in the snow today yeah snow
is the kind of packing snow that you can
use to make the perfect snowman so I
think on top of everything else yes I'm
working on this morning I'm working on
putting the site print gladiator
t-shirts up on the site if you haven't
by now and by the time you see this
video there will be the original Gilroy
vlogs t-shirt the women's style shirts
for the gladiator shirts and the new
gladiator logo side print tee up on the
website so go to gladiator stuff and
check that stuff out and just so you
know it every purchase goes towards the
cost of me buying this new camera that I
want to get and when I get that new
camera it means a brand new channel with
an awesome new idea that I think the
entire internet and world is gone to
love PJ came over this morning to hang
out with us and play some video games
thanks for coming PJ it's the chill
Sunday super chill Sunday I've got the
walking dead later tonight which I'm
always excited for but I it's it's the
end of the line for us today guys it's
it's just an inside kind of day
we did get some snow last night and I
think we might take the kids out to play
Paxton's here he's a cool little dude
thumbs up oh yeah so I'm gonna go
upstairs take a shower do my daily
routine edit and get going on the next
video
all right guys it's that time thank you
so much for watching and I can't wait to
see you right back here
