what you just objected to my long yeah I
am Jay
are we still married yeah take it back
you're gonna offend people I'm sorry
what up everybody this is the
continuation of our well in yesterday's
video was actually shot and uploaded and
edited the same day today actually see I
missed yesterday but I didn't want to
miss a video for you guys I didn't once
see my twitter feed go where's the vlog
Gilroy so I just made it happen that's
exactly what that's ok
it'll be made with love and that's the
one so it's dinner time we have guests
my cousin Sonny Chad Tasha Livi this guy
hey what's your name
ok listen me my name's Jason
it's burgers and hotdogs hmm
what do you think about Eliza sunny is
she beautiful
yeah she is beautiful I think what's
more incredible to me is the fact that
she so many kids making noise and she
sleeps through it
meanwhile in the morning or late at
night when she's sleeping I literally
tiptoe around I know but she's sleeping
right now yeah true true true this is
like here's our man you know Chad plays
guitar never quite played one that small
have you yeah ukulele yeah yeah Talan
you know the best part about having all
kinds of people over and doing dinner
and all that stuff isn't mr. clean
believe it or not I'm not gonna lie to
you this was clean earlier Tasha it's
your fault it really was it really was
really was dude I just had an awesome
idea
listen hear me out you play guitar quite
well and we have GarageBand on the iPad
the evening dude you know this can do
listen to me okay here's my plan we take
and plug in my electric guitar to the
iPad we record some guitar riffs to use
as the music for my how to's and reviews
intra that I just made are you down yes
so we're gonna hook up the I have this
name I'll show you I have this I think
it's called the Jam Apogee Jam our input
for the iPad we can record guitar tracks
straight to the iPad and then I can take
them into final cut or premiere and we
can add the music to my intro which I'm
really really excited about getting done
I love it
our dude you're not gonna play with that
little one okay no we're gonna give you
this one this guitar I don't pull out
very often have some of you know this is
the same guitar that my wife got me on
our wedding day which makes her that
much more awesome yeah this is this is
the guy this is the guy I want you I
want you to lay down some licks with how
she I don't know if she's still in tune
but it won't take that much yeah look it
for sure I got some finger ease if you
want that too
well it's right oh my god please hold
for a small break Chad thank you for
taking a look at that yeah apparently my
pickup is a little lower than it should
be see look how high that one is you
know I thought what is it cool check
this out listen listen listen I'm gonna
show you guys something
this is so cool this this little guitar
input thing plug your guitar right into
the computer boom that's so awesome
it's a work in progress but I just think
it's cool that you can have so many
different guitar effects when I started
learning guitar I only had one pedal and
it only made one sound but literally
have long lists of different things in
GarageBand and I I don't even I used
Roger I won't play this I'm not gonna
play it we'll just wait Noble I'm gonna
use that one really what I'm gonna make
a bunch of different sound effects out
of that exactly what we use I'm gonna
layer it up and make it cool and it's
gonna be bad a double a-side you stick
yeah hell yeah
this was the Gilroy living room
recording studio sesh sesh never back
next week I'm glad you came dude good to
see you it was good to see you and the
wiser who's upstairs with mommy now
because it's done come on guys bedtime
you had us pretty solid Friday night I'd
say we had hamburgers hot dogs and you
had Livie over here to play with it's
awesome right here give me a hand I'll
help you up there you go
this poor fella
boo
and a good morning to you everything
look this house reminds me of right now
we have never liked people over last
night
never you can see definitely got worked
over in the dirtiness aspect look with
cookies on the floor it reminds me back
in the day when like when like I was
younger I first moved out of my parents
house we have parties and we'd go hard
all night you and you just pass out and
wake up in the morning and there's beer
cans everywhere poo in the toilet still
don't flush it girls half Nick girls
limp passed out on face down on the
coffee table we didn't do half of that
but it's still yeah well I'm looking at
this camera and I gotta say I'm really
impressed with the battery life I've
only charges think fully one time and it
still has a full battery full so so
needs a true og on that respect I say og
because my lens looks like up and
there's the GI beside it yeah what's
happening what are you making
it's we have sausage and onion in here
hash browns sausage onion cheese and a
that smells good right there my friend I
need to try this sausage look at this
look at the all you got a point cheese
in there I'm just I wanted to see some
slow-mo cheese drop on this stuff what
no one even does that one bowl and mix
it all together and then pour it in
third part we think Liza you ready for
another day
well guys breakfast is almost ready we
had fun
I'm going to toy around with Sabine Chad
tried to make a music track for the
intro for the help to channel I'm gonna
mess around with that today see if I
can't add a couple layers and effects to
make it really cool we'll come up with
something cool alright guys that's it
for us today thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here
