good morning guys
I'm starting the day taking the shower
yesterday I didn't really turn out for
us as far as vlogging so we're gonna do
something a little different today
ba-baby what's up guys we are down the
basement shooting photos for gladiator
stuff
Veronica is being the model for the
women's style shirts thank you honey
you look fantastic I wouldn't I wouldn't
even a guest that you four weeks ago
gave birth yes you know you're freaking
hot look Eliza's down here with us just
chilling she's like yeah we're just do
do so what we all right you ready yep
here we go yeah so yesterday morning we
shot photos for the original Gilroy
blogs t-shirt which is available now on
the website so if you're interested in
getting that go ahead and check out
gladiator stuff calm and I have another
one or two maybe designs coming soon I'm
just going crazy with coming up with
cool ideas to incorporate the gladiator
logo in ways that would look cool on a
shirt
look who's waking up hey baby
hi sweetheart good morning good morning
oh she brought a new sniper change Hey
feeding she's feeding she's feeding the
baby well listen would you believe last
night I was doing the dishes and heard
the doorbell but I knew who it was
because I was expecting this package bow
and you know when you see a package come
mud without a tour logo on it it can
only mean something good let's see
what's inside what's this shirts there's
nothing on it wait a second that's cuz I
went all straight fancy on you look at
this hold on let me set the camera down
that's cuz everything can't be straight
in the center we gotta be a little
different you know you think tell me in
the comments do you like
the side print gladiator t-shirt new oh
you want to see it you want to see this
do you think if I added a new color this
is the royal blue so you can get a blue
shirt now only with the gladiator love
of T so grey with black blue with white
and red with black I think the red and
the grey one actually is my favorite
that's what's going down right here me
and Alice decided down Dallas just woke
up he sleeps till like noon so we're
continuing this today's gonna be the
first ever when you see this video I
shot this this morning because of my bad
day yesterday else I didn't really get
involved so we're making one right now
yes that's what's up so right now we're
gonna play a little bit of dying light
I've been hooked on this game seriously
hooked on this game I love the movie or
the TV show Walking Dead this game is
like the video game version of The
Walking Dead it's sick Dallas mom
loved it yesterday
all right here we go look at these guys
watch out for the toe he's gonna spin on
you this game is wicked man it's like
it's almost like Dead Rising but you
have realistic weapons that take damage
and your weapon will basically fall
apart the more you use it and they've
injected this parkour element into the
game so you can like run and grab onto
buildings and you know just basically
this whole city no no these zombies
ain't no joke either
oh you died good try though we're up in
Eliza's room showing her around we
haven't really had her up here a lot
Nevers checking out her new bed this is
your bed yeah
this is your pretty bed she's watching
her fishies
you like them yeah how cool is this man
I feel like it was just yesterday that I
was putting the screws in this bed and
now she's here
in it she's happy and healthy and we
actually just we just moved her into
size one diaper she's already out of
newborn diapers you're growing so fast
little girl yeah
Veronica's charged me with the daunting
task of going to the grocery store again
so I have to get ready to go to the
grocery store well I'm gonna leave you
guys with Veronica because her baby are
gonna be messing around up here so I
think I think you need to spend some
more quality time with Eliza we haven't
seen a whole bunch of her in the vlogs
chase left me and went to the store but
I just can't bring myself to put her
down
all day I know she won't be this small
forever so sometimes I just like to take
advantage of cuddling her she's so
snuggly
I got her laid down so that way I can
get some stuff done I'm gonna work on
kind of rearranging her room I have two
these tubs our tubs of clothes that I
got from my stepsister she had saved all
of her baby clothes
she was currently pregnant but she's
having a boy so she kind of gave me all
of her old girl clothes from her
daughter that I could have and use cuz
kids go through lots of clothes so she's
coming over tonight and she needs her
tubs back so I'm gonna get all that
stuff transferred out of those into
boxes kind of get the cover put on the
changing table and get some of this
other junk that's just laying around
organized well this was full of diapers
and I transferred all of the books over
instead of telling everyone to bring
like a card too you know for their well
wishes and who the gift was from I had
everyone buy their favorite children's
book they sign the inside to Eliza
so that way you know it's it's still a
greeting to her who it's from who bought
the book and it'll be something that she
can keep you know for a long time then I
transferred a bunch of diapers into the
first drawer here easy access wipes
diapers changing pad and then she's got
some towels and clothes and then this
drawer we've got diapers it's kind of
dark I guess and then there's just a
basket down there full of miscellaneous
stuff I still haven't touched the
storage bins yet that's my goal guys
that was cool
how was the bully on the bus today no he
didn't bother yeah that's good that's
good I told you guys that I sent chase
to the store I'll show you this list he
might be there for a couple hours check
out
list the soundest always oh that's a lot
of stuff it kind of is kind of is a lot
of stuff but it'll get us through dinner
at least through next week so he won't
have to go back right yeah we'll have
enough food yeah I got a oh me dinners
planned on to show you guys we're gonna
bake some cookies you want some cookies
mm so yeah
Kirsten you help me yeah you guys are
watching this current day so we're gonna
end this and cheese is gonna upload it
and then we're gonna start again fresh
oh I start you start how about you just
do it you just do it all don't we'll see
you right back here tomorrow
