good morning guys how are you today I am
taking the camera to the post office to
send back this canon the poor guy
she's she's going back and then I'm
recording today's vlogs and all
subsequent vlogs until this camera comes
back on the Sony WX 350 how does it look
look good I'll have you know a little
technical mumbo-jumbo this camera I went
through the different modes it has a
bunch of different settings and you're
now watching these vlogs at 60 frames
per second which is movie quality yeah
okay let's get out of here I love how
people drive like 10 miles on the speed
limit is that not the most annoying
thing in the world it's like go go wow
that was seriously check out the check
out 60 frames all driving pretty
beautiful
everything
right so I'm heading to the post office
to check the mail and send out my candid
camera but I know s is working at the
super cool chick watch I'm gonna try and
scare the dull crap out of her what's up
antha hey you like my new cam this
thing's so fancy yeah really now I got a
box I gotta send out I just wanted to
scare you
I've never really done this before
but found like a roadside UPS drop box
picked up 5:30 p.m.
here's to open oh hell oh hell well it
didn't fit so I guess on to the next
look at this guy he's out here
boycotting tire discounters
he says they're garbage they must have
done him wrong in some ways and I stand
up front of their store boycotting their
business that sucks
so I got home and look who's here look
who showed up mama bear and daddy bear
did you miss me mom
do you like my fancy new camera yeah it
looks nice you look beautiful by the
light on this camera well Veronica is
even more beautiful I'm glad you got to
see me bye dad
yeah I got to see gez you have to pee
right now how can you pee at a time like
this no Carson decided against
operations didn't want to play a board
games but they want to grow crystals so
and we haven't even done this yeah we've
had it since Christmas and we haven't
done it yet this that that's purple that
is purple that is stalagmites they've
grown capes so we don't have a cave and
we probably can't grow that all right so
we're gonna make crystals and this looks
like a highly complicated process but
luckily they give you all the tools
necessary to make crystals so we've got
petri dishes we've got cups what do you
call this droppers we are going to be
making crystal stalagmites crystal
stalagmites grow in caves over hundreds
of years stalagmites grow from the
ground up stalactites grow from the
graph of the ceiling
we grow stalagmites to get 20
milliliters of water show me 20
milliliters yes let me see it let's
verify hey that's that's 20 milliliters
of water right there put it in the
saucepan okay
that doesn't seem like very much water
okay so we had to use the beaker for the
water because 20 milliliters in the
pipette wasn't 20 milliliters in the
beaker so now we're moving on to sodium
acetate we need 100 milliliters of this
smell it smells like salt and something
else 100 milliliters of sodium acetate
poured in there and we have to take it
to the stove mad scientist over here
over medium heat we cook basically the
solution
oh we cover it and place it on the
burner at medium low heat do not leave
the pan unattended so we have to
continue heating until there is no more
powder left on the bottom about 10 to 15
minutes we're gonna lift the lid
periodically to see if the powders
dissolve and be careful of their steam
under the lid all right let's do that so
we gotta let this cook up just a little
longer right and that wait for two hours
you gotta pour it back into this beaker
and then cover it with plastic wrap for
two hours to cool so what we'll do is
we'll make that put it in a safe place
we'll have dinner and then we'll come
back to it later and it just says that
after it's cool we put a little pinch of
the sodium acetate on a plate
right and then we take our solution and
you slowly pour it onto the plate and as
you pour it it grows the crystals right
then in there this is gonna be cool yeah
let's see if it works
these are drunk glasses I'm drunk
Oh Collin please help me I took too much
sodium acetate oh look at that it looks
sort of pink on the camera but it looks
red to me Oh
all right like I said while we wait for
their crystals to cool or a solution for
their crystals
we're having dinner and tonight is
simple super simple it's gonna be soup
and sandwiches boys are gonna have
actually ravioli which is in the soup
and I'm having chicken buffalo style
chicken I mean never had it before
but anything spicy is good to me
so grilled cheese sandwiches I'm
actually putting turkey breasts on mine
and super easy it's good it's good look
at mine
buffalo chicken soup
oh yeah grilled turkey and cheese and
almond milk that's what I call easy
dinner girls
say hi to the camera camera loves you
work it work it
yeah that's good it's it's time for
Veronica's favorite show in the whole
world
tonight is gonna be her new two hours
worth of TV night we won't explain why
I'll put your favorites immediately
following is this is the premiere of The
Amazing Race
yeah well reality doesn't mean that's
real you know that right
but you still like I mean how 29 seasons
of Survivor has to kind of prove its
popularity survivors cool I dig it
totally dig why are you pushing on me
for why where you do that why do you do
it at who's ready to pour in it's still
quite warm and it looks really funny but
it we're ready says put a small pinch of
sodium acetate in the center of the
dinner plate wash your hands to make
sure there isn't anything on them
carefully uncover the beaker crystal
solution make sure no dust or particles
fall into it all right slowly pour the
liquid onto the center of the plate
where the powder is your crystal
stalagmite will immediately start
growing before your eyes it says your
stalagmite will be warm so let it cool
down before touching it
load it up that don't look like crystals
I think it's a big huge fail I know that
doesn't look like it should I think
yours might do the same thing let's see
I think it goes does it says a small
pinch
I think it's just too hot this is a fail
that are you doing it with the butter
knife kidding me
what the heck doesn't eat Bering Sea
look this has gotten thicker maybe maybe
we've made some progress here
cross your fingers there's your crystals
crystally you know maybe we should check
the expiration date on the box pride the
pride expired or something oh yeah
here's a magnified look now magnified
magnified
for sweet it's so pretty cool mine looks
like a mountain of ice I think our first
attempt at growing crystals went about
as good as you could expect didn't turn
out how we wanted but it's still really
cool right
I had a little hiccup with the last few
clips of the vlog today this is current
you're watching this probably 20 minutes
in the past so yeah sorry I messed up I
got an air after exported the vlog that
said these X amount of clips were
offline because I didn't pull them out
of the ABC HD folder maybe I can do a
little how-to on that to show you guys
how not to do what I just did oh yeah so
that's all we have for you today I hope
you enjoyed the quality of this new
camera please let me know in the
comments below and I suppose we'll see
you right back here
