okay so I'm starting my day with some
food salmon here it's good for you I've
never had this those smoky bourbon
alaskan salmon I hope it's good we're
gonna give it the old try oh man look at
that what's up I love fish Veronica
hates fish sheep are gonna come
downstairs like what is that smell
mm-hmm
that's not still good where that oh
that's good that's good stuff look at
that beautiful sunset that's awesome
Veronica sent me out to get drinks and
some other things like breakfast items
for the rest of the week and I'm also
gonna make a pit stop at Best Buy
because I'll be sending this camera back
to Cannon and I want you guys to have
that you know high-definition quality
that you're used to a good thing is I
can also do a review on that camera so
you know what all the perks are about it
meet your new Canon replacement this is
the Sony WX 350 I just checked it out
the image stabilization on that camera
is awesome so this is gonna be our
little crutch until we get the cannon
back how about that you go you go to
Best Buy and you find yourself an open
box just saved me like 25 bucks which
was the cost of the one year warranty
you always get a one-year warranty with
any of these cameras because if they
like get dust inside them which these
often do you can literally take it in
the Best Buy and get it swapped out for
nothing which is is good it's a good
safety measure for people like me who
vlog every day on another grocery store
look he's like where's mine where's
mine look
more food right there that's yours
that's yours yeah yeah he's doing really
well
Fluffy's been same old cat - the doing
his business where he shouldn't which is
good by me
oh you're hugging that's oh that's cute
fluffy what you need will restock on the
the nipple cream so what you make here
it's called cheeseburger pasta really
yep where's the cheese you can't see the
cheese I'm just a big fan of cheese
inside like if I'm gonna have cheese I
like lots of it lots of it so much that
when I have to poop nothing comes out
because they eat so much cheese I also
like to be funny or a nice attempt to be
funny I thought we were gonna have baby
for dinner she's on the table hey
sweetheart hi sweetheart
gosh how many of you just want to reach
through the computer screen and just
squeeze are the battle is real
watch as the mother tries to convince
the child to eat something you
here
notices unwillingness to cooperate
Carson how's the food really you tried
it you liked it
he does like green eggs and ham though
with this camera right out of the box I
was immediately turned off because the
only way to charge it is by USB and I
don't really like that because you know
typically I have a few extra battery
truck a few extra batteries and a charge
that I can just plug into the wall so at
any given time I have a battery in the
charger and then one in the camera or in
this case I have I have four batteries
for this camera so I don't really
understand why they would design it so
that you have to plug it in so you can't
be using the camera while you're
charging a battery however I did do a
search and there are there are like
third-party chargers that you can buy
for it so that's nice but I sure hope
that the image quality and the image
stabilization feature which I tested it
in the store and it looked really good
so tomorrow's video is going to be shot
on this camera I'm pretty excited to see
it and we're gonna say goodbye to this
camera that you're this one they're here
for a couple weeks I think so yeah yeah
hopefully this battery in this in this
camera lasts all day if not hmm
just listen to it easy man now he knows
the jig is up I'm spending the evening
working on a different gladiator design
one that incorporates the gladiator logo
with the YouTube button think you might
like this
grubby goose oh come on mom just five
minutes longer it's not sleeping he's
faking whoa whoa whoa all right all
right
it must be bedtime can i Collin I'm
sorry you're so sleepy
that's okay good good night's rest
good night Carson good night Doyle they
live with us Carson you guys ready for
school I know it's gonna be tough having
to go back to school and whatnot since
you've had so many days off look I got
this coffee at the store yesterday right
so this was too strong lately this was
too strong and I had to constantly
monitor the basket because it would
overflow and then the grounds of being
there so then I got this Folgers
Breakfast Blend but that stuff is weak
it is so weak it's like drinking water
with sugar in it so I'm trying to
reevaluate my coffee life right now we
got your dress for school buddy all
ready for school because that's enough
all right guys kids are off to school I
got my coffee I'm gonna go ahead and do
my thing edit today's vlog and I'm
really excited to use this new Sony
camera and see if it is better the same
as or worse than the old 340 and if
that's the case then I'll probably just
take it back but either way I think I
could do a review on it for the review
channel and at least inform you guys as
buyers as to whether or not it's a good
camera or not or not I'll also be taking
this canon camera so sad to the post
office so that it can be shipped to
to be diagnosed fixed or replaced so
that's all I've got for you today guys
thank you so much for watching I can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
