what's up guys
I wanted to say that like I feel like
I've sinned you're thinking I'm making
breakfast for me and Veronica and I
don't think I've ever had brown eggs
is there a taste difference I don't know
but I'm about to find out I will say
that the yolks are quite a darker yellow
Margie color I don't know I don't know
if it tastes any different you know
large brown fresh ain't cage free and
you already ate all yours look at all my
sausage you know man I love stuff I love
sausage now I'm just not sure I'm gonna
share it look who I just picked up mr.
Carson Khalid dude I missed you guys
today I've been really busy working on
my computer out there now I need someone
play with and guess who I got I got you
I got you
Jay plowing our driveway he's awesome
he's awesome me and Carson are enjoying
an after-school snack you're gonna split
this with me yeah yeah they brought home
these candy bars I don't know if you
remember being in school and you get
these candy bars they'd sent home you
got a you know haggle your family and
friends for a dollar bar we actually
bought a few of them because they didn't
really sell any and they were due back
today but I don't have to have half you
can just give me like two pieces
really are you sure yeah cheers buddy
Cheers so here I am just trying to get
work done I feel like I got all this
extra weight holding me down and I don't
really know why I don't know why I know
you guys are trying to help me clean but
this is ridiculous
come on I got a big old giant bag of
plate up what do you want me to do with
it
yeah I'll put it right here you know how
hard it is getting stuff done with two
rambunctious little boys running around
why he's not running : do you just love
her yes
is she the most cute most beautiful
little baby girl in the whole wide world
she wets careful careful
with her eyes what's up down I mean
Macklemore I mean Dallas every time I
see you dude I'm like Macklemore you
need to have you need to look up G easy
jeez he's a to everyone let me do it
right now I don't believe that I don't
believe that Colin was pretty excited
for his favorite show new season
premiere to come on tonight what was it
nan jogo anything leggo like these guys
love you Lego they love the lego movie
they love the lego video games Lego
cartoons Legos that's nice Cena's like
one of the medium boxes of Lego
like 50 bucks and they're not like they
used to be either
Legos used to be like universal you'd
get big little or small teeny tiny
blocks and that had all kinds of
different you know but now there's
special a lot of the pieces in these
Legos are special pieces they don't go
anywhere else other than where they're
supposed to it's weird do you remember
back to Lincoln Logs tell me in the
comments below
you remember Lincoln Logs that makes me
feel oh do you remember Lincoln Logs
really what's the Lincoln Logs you're
like well you like the little houses but
what do they look like yeah they have
like little cutouts in oh wow
so you can stack them Lincoln Logs
you're good do it again
whoa but today is probably gonna be a
short vlog first year but for me today
consisted of I put the kids on the bus
came home took a shower drank coffee
edited the vlog and then I started
working on my how-to for the Canon
settings for DSLR my or shotgun mics and
then I'm also working on the Edit for
the jakhary review and I've started the
review or I've started the Edit for the
very first food vlog that me and Dennis
went and film Tom + Chee is up first
: interrupted me he wanted it he won't
hold his sister know I wanted to sit her
up
sit her up she doesn't sit up you have
to hold her up she's like what are you
doing to me
really mom yeah I gotta take pictures oh
that's cute little smile that's
something she's looking at you that's
what she's doing Veronica's cooking up
she's shredded chicken she's got bags of
mozzarella cheese
she's got lasagna noodles in the water
that can only mean one thing and that is
can I get a drumroll
can you drumroll try it try a drumroll
it's the cheesy chicken alfredo roll-ups
a very very popular hit at our house
I can't wait is it done yet a baking
dish down for me baking it just put me
at work
this is the part that really sucks is
that I have to kind of watch her what
everyone else eats or at least Veronica
so she can swap me out
tag-team yeah Owen Carson's if you eat
all your dinner I'll show you an extra
special surprise okay all right Carson
I'm gonna open my computer and we're
gonna look at the comments
or my messages rather and I want you to
read okay okay what's the set which one
you're gonna read what do you see
can you read it come on it's killing me
come on it's killing me dude what's that
say hey Evan - okay now read it keep
reading keep reading video fine person's
wish to me Evan
we love to connect with you guys where
are you located
located located we've got view trips
oh let me help you
it says we've got a few trips planned
this year hoping you guys are along one
of those stops Evans dad well what do
you think you gonna jump up and down for
joy or what dude too loud that's
exciting
Carson wants to me have been so bad
worse than anything in the whole wide
world and now he just got a message from
him play on the suit I'm ready
ladies and gentlemen Colin's gonna play
twinkle twinkle little star or mean
Carson sing-along are you ready get your
fingers right here we go twinkle twinkle
that good time in yeah awesome yes mommy
round of applause everyone claps you
better clap I'm for bed and what are we
doing it's bedtime we play the last one
upstairs is Oh Oh mommy whoa
start last person upstairs is
he sits down he's indecisive I thought
you already thought of it last person
upstairs does all the dishes tomorrow
Carson is the loser good morning
everyone I got a couple updates before
we end the vlog number one the kids do
not have school today because of how
cold it is negative 14 was the
temperature reading this morning and
that's pretty cold
number two we did get a hold of Evan and
Jared and we're planning a meet-up in
the next couple of months down in the
sunny state the Sunshine State do you
know where that is
number three an iPad update I have been
able through the help of a friend to
gather a little bit of Intel as to where
my iPad is and we've narrowed it down to
the building in North and Charlotte
North Carolina so I don't want to give
away too much information yet because I
don't want to scare the guy I'm trying
to get this iPad back without having to
involve the police this Canon camera
right now I'm I'm back on the S 10 to
close this clip I want I want you guys
to hear the beep let's let's listen
to hear it - zal ah so I hear that'd be
probably more often than you do and it
drives me crazy and what's funny is
yesterday's video are the video before
everyone says what's with the beeping I
hate the beeping there's so much
attention drawn to the beeping and then
I switch cameras and all the comments
are well I'd never heard any beeping so
I contact a Canon and they send me a
packing slip so basically I have to send
this camera to Canon so that they can
fix it though either fix it or send me a
new one which is great we'll get the
quality back in no time so we're gonna
have to use this one for a little longer
but it'll be worth it yeah and that's
about it for today guys I want to thank
you again so much for watching and
checking in with us everyday and yeah I
suppose we'll see you right back here
tomorrow
