all right now I'm gonna tell you what I
took and put the SD card out of this
camera this is the culprit for all the
beeping this is the guy the beeps so I'm
on the old 340 until I can figure out
what camera to get I'm sorry I can't
bear to put you guys through that any
longer what that being said what's up
I'll be completely honest I woke up
today and sent the kids off with Grandma
and then me and bran went back to sleep
for a little while
which was good catching up on sleep is
good because we definitely don't get
enough of it right now and and so now
it's about dinnertime
it's about dinnertime on a Sunday night
The Walking Dead comes on tonight yeah
and I'm going to get pizza I think I've
said it before ever this place has the
best pizza on the planet Pizza cottage
look at that box steam it
Oh
love me some pizza cottage the only bad
thing about pizza cottage is that they
don't deliver did you ever think you'd
come across a pizza company that doesn't
have delivery guess what I got honey
Pizza Tom calling cars in come here got
something come on I got something really
good
come on Carson look I got Pizza cottage
right I mean someday not long from now
we're gonna look out this window and
it's gonna be all green with blue skies
sunshine
that's what you call cabin fever Bieber
came out cabin fever I'm so sick of
being in the house honey we got to do
something we got to do something you go
do something yeah we have to looking
through the lens of this camera again
it's so weird for a couple reasons but
this was my last camera before the s110
and the quality I know it's probably not
gonna be as good but I couldn't bear to
put you guys through the beeping noises
any longer so let's do this by show of
likes I want you guys by show of like I
want you guys to tell me if you prefer
not to hear the beeping any longer and
I'm going to contact Canon and see if we
can't figure out if that camera is
supposed to do that
or if I have a defective camera that's
what we're gonna do okay high five for
yes leave me hanging for now I have to
run out to my buddy Seth's house to get
charger for this camera I'm doing
tonight I'm doing a how-to video on and
it's been requested how do you how to
use the Canon settings to get the best
possible audio with a shotgun mic
attached so we're using the Canon 70d
and I think it's an as din shotgun
microphone for this video but I can't
change camera settings from the dead
battery
I'm gonna break the cold and get this
thing look who's waking up hey there
sweetheart why the oh my god it was so
funny earlier veronica was changing her
diaper I know it's embarrassing but
needs to be said
Veronica was changing her diaper had the
diaper off allies of them proceeds to
and shat all over Branca all I see is
Veronica oh and she covers up her butt
with her hand and there lies a big giant
puddle of poo I know it's embarrassing
home and then she didn't I thought I was
gonna get the first one but she got it
all right you guys know what time it is
it's Sunday school tomorrow shower time
the rock-paper-scissors
showdown are you ready yes
let's do it go
you will kick that camera come on
all right it's shower time shower time
we got a cup camera no no boys come on
Carson Walking Dead's coming on we gotta
hurry pop up there
tell the gladiators good night whoa
terrible and good night okay walking
dead new episode boom
now we think Liza that episode of The
Walking Dead was so cool huh so cool
look at her eyes
you know we've realized I think is that
Eliza is going to have my blue eyes
definitely Veronica and both the boys
have brown eyes I'm the only one blue
eyes Annalise is gonna get him Hunger
Force the camera I wish we could talk
about it - I wish we'd talk about the
Walking Dead and stuff but I don't want
to spoil things for you guys who haven't
seen it maybe I can figure out a way to
for like an annotation to where you
could skip past it a few minutes into
the video or something I don't know I'll
see if it works but okay so after The
Walking Dead I came downstairs to shoot
which was a really quick tutorial on how
to set your camera settings for using
shotgun mics on Canon DSLRs I had a
request for it on the how to channel so
I went through and shared and it was so
easy real quick just a little tutorial
and this
is uh this is a this shotgun mic isn't
as din it's a s GM X it only costs uh I
think was like 150 bucks but it's pretty
decent
pretty decent shotgun mic very
directional on this one so if you're
like behind it doesn't work so much it's
going at it I'm gonna point out your
sound so yeah look forward to seeing
that I thought it was pretty cool hey
Colin
how you gonna put your yeah coat then
bookbag it's one of those mornings
already yes yo Carson hurry up and get
your coat on and your shoes and your
bookbag
we got to catch the bus we got five
minutes let's go did these hats these
boys have black are they warm be honest
are they like super super warm oh
there's the bus hey guess what I love
you yeah Colin be warm alright guys so
the kids are off to school Veronica and
the baby went back to sleep it's time
for my morning ritual grab a shower
drink some coffee
Edison video and start the day all over
again this is my life this is what I do
thank you guys so much for watching we
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
