what is happening guys welcome to the
vlog I know it's been a minute and well
as you can tell it's the Christmas
season and we've been now I have to
explain like why we haven't posted a
video for so long and I do owe you that
and I'm sorry just to be short I've been
taking some time to you know handle me
and the family and stuff like that but
anyways as you can see behind us we have
our Christmas tree up and you didn't get
to see that part because well I haven't
showed you just yet today's a special
day guys because we're back home
and it's nearly Christmas what are we
gonna do we're going to get our
Christmas tree man is it cold outside oh
my goodness the scenery has changed it's
cold actually not too cold today it's
it's like a high of 55 but this morning
frost this is starting well alright give
it a shot magic okay today we get our
Christmas tree and a car battery good
just a little jumpy no big deal a couple
turns of the wrench we'll get a new
battery Christmas tree here we come
would you believe that if you buy a
battery at Advance Auto they'll install
for you like I don't have to do it
that's nice we don't have to do that one
little thing I didn't realize the price
of batteries got a pay-to-play wanna
drive no free installation Sun Sun give
it a try hey we're in business
okay before anyone asks I'm sure you're
curious yo why aren't you driving Gilroy
we go over this all the time some people
are new here and they need to understand
that Veronica has to drive because she
gets carsick and I have a nerve in like
two weeks
me yeah she gets carsick
all right Christmas tree
you know I never realized how difficult
it is to actually pick the perfect
Christmas tree none of them are actually
perfect but there is that one that you
just know we got to keep looking that's
too tall buddy
that's one there she is
2017 Christmas tree Carson you approve
yep that's the one yep let's cut her
down usually I'm the one cutting the
tree down but Colin wants to take it
over this year you're doing good
about two more hours we'll be we'll be
done you want me to take you over all
right okay here goes
there goes there goes and there it is
our Christmas trophy look at that tree
there good choice everybody now let's
get her home
and as you can see we've got the star up
and most of the decorations there we're
just trying to make a different uniform
we're trying to build new memories with
new traditional ornaments right you're
ready for what what what is it you have
full of Barbies yeah we have a Christmas
party to attend the smile Moore store is
throwing a Christmas party and I'm gonna
be late for it I have 15 minutes to get
there and take the kids to Maddy Maddy's
gonna be helping because it's a it's a
it's the storage Christmas party we got
the kids Christmas party tomorrow dude I
know it's crazy so literally we have
been running around like crazy people
this week it's it's out of control
traditionally we you know the kids go
over to Grammys house and they do
cookies and stuff right you guys
decorated cookie cookies with Grammy
that which is a Christmas tradition and
I just we had to we had to film a little
bit of that and show you their Christmas
cookies too
decorating cookies with Grammy she's
back there second grana so we've got all
the kids most of the grandkids together
and our decorating cookies oh my god
look what she did there isn't even icing
on that cookie we're just having fun
okay let's get some icing on this mitten
first okay how is it
but did you make smoother Oh so doc
here's all mine that I had done so far
Liza's already done she did three
cookies which is pretty pretty good look
at Grammys over here I don't know about
professional but we try mm-hmm
look these are Grammys signature Santa
Santa okay
you guys ready to have fun yeah Maddie
are you ready are you ready yes oh
you're so brave dude I can't even take
it
all right so uh so yeah the kids are the
kids are having fun because Christmas is
just full of traditions the cookie
making part something they've done ever
since each of these kids were born even
Veronica and Brittany since they were
kids did that so uh so yeah they just
still do it and they were delicious all
right it's time to go to the potty okay
we are here having fun man we've just
been having a blast playing some bingo
we got we got prizes one from bingo
I won a bag of poop pumpkin my god what
you got you know yes you're taught not
been the person that won them left them
right this all hanging out having a
great time this party now I was like you
know what is a good Christmas memory
that you that you could think of I want
to know what yours is in the comments
but for me one of my favorite memories
was when we were younger my parents
would literally close off the living
room
we had these pocket doors so they could
close off the living room and they would
tape the door shut because me and my
brothers and sisters would wake up at
like three four o'clock in the morning
to come downstairs to check out our
presence and by the time my parents woke
up we were we were done it's like it's
over what's your what's your most
favorite Christmas memory were you just
talking about setting the clocks back no
cousin Dale Dale and I got busted doing
that one year we set every clock in the
house hey I'm not kidding it was like
4:00 in the morning and we set it all to
like just right before a morning right
before that Sun came out and didn't get
caught for it seemed like you know way
until after we opened all our yes we got
our locks right
but my favorite like Christmas morning I
was uh me and my brother Dale his kids
we would we would take turns spinning
the night Christmas Eve in each other's
rooms so it's like Christmas Eve all
right you spend the night in my room
right we just I don't know something did
his kids but I had a dream that night at
tiny'mon Roman I had a dream that night
my all I wanted was a drum set man so
bad and I dream was this epic drum set
and I woke up so bummed that I didn't
get it and I walked out that morning and
it was a full black pearl
that was amazing Christmas morning I
mean that is I was trying to figure out
how my dad set up an entire drum set
without waking us up right desert loud
power right there that's good all right
honey what about you what's your
favorite Christmas memory I don't have
one in particular just the past 10 years
waking up to the kids and seeing their
faces right up top it just stopped you
at one time we're a kid you can't take
off anything that really reminds you of
Christmas just the kids
so we're all over here sharing memories
and having a great time and just reminds
us of last night Roma and me and the
crew we went and we pretty much played
the part of Santa and gave some amazing
kids some really really cool gifts that
felt really good
unbelievable I'm still on cloud nine it
just put me like way up on to the
Christmas spirit and speaking of you
know feeling like Santa we took the kids
to go see Santa and for the first time
Eliza was super about it it's time are
you guys excited yeah who are we going
to see right now yeah you think he you
think he's ready for you Liza Liza who
we're gonna go see Oh missed it just as
I cut the film this dude comes running
out of this store and this chick right
here she's like she's like help me help
me I guess someone took off with some
stuff in there guys shoplifting is not
the way to go don't do that
Wow so we're here to find Santa pretty
sure we know where he's at see how it
goes this year
last year Eliza didn't want nothing to
do with saying thank you
things she does so let's see last year's
Santa visit Eliza was a year old
she just like she sat on his lap and
looked up at him and I was like who was
this guy and it was such a funny image
someone from CBS actually reached out to
me whether can we use this picture for
our mall Santa gallery and they did they
used the picture for their gallery which
was really cool
No
super excited I don't know
what
what I'm surprised
how old are you this year three years
old what would you like for Christmas
Barbies
the house like a dollhouse
go
oh my god I am so excited that Eliza was
actually she was eager to sit on Santa's
lap this year and I mean I don't know
it's just so cute such a really good dad
moment family moment all right so that
brings us to a current day and it's it's
late I just finished working on all of
the rest of the part of the video you
just saw and it's two o'clock in morning
so why haven't you seen me upload well
YouTube's changed I think it's pretty
clear and it's kind of like you you have
to change with it or else what are you
doing to be honest it's gotten me pretty
discouraged and it's just like every
time you upload a video
it gets D monetized and then it just
totally ruins the views and the
subscription feed and all that and your
video gets lost like the last Bahamas
video I thought was really cool but it
really didn't reach the people that it
should have and it's just I just don't
understand how they haven't been able to
fix that yet so in the meantime I'm just
focused on helping to create content
with my family I'm sure you've seen us
around my mind has wandered to a place
that leads me to believe in the the new
year I want to create tech I love
technology I love cameras I love filming
I love getting the shot and a lot of you
know me for that I think I want to focus
this next year if the vlogs are
something that can't be conducive to you
know facilitating our family stability
then I should focus on doing extra side
work and create videos that I really
feel even more passionate about which is
supporting my love for tech I hope you
guys can appreciate that decision
exactly where it will go I'm not 100%
sure but it's something that I really
think I want
jump into so there you have it guys it
is just two days before Christmas and we
are super ready I hope you are too and I
hope you guys are spending some real
quality time with your family in case I
don't see you I want to wish you guys a
very happy holidays Merry Christmas
Happy New Year and yeah I'll see you
right back here on the next one
