welcome to the vlog guys we were in the
car me and the boys were all just
chillin no we're not chillin because
it's warm up like 79 degrees today
beautiful we're on our way to the
grocery store because we need to get a
hamburger yeah and we also need garlic
bread why what are we going to make with
this spaghetti got it that's right we
ran out of beef actually you know we use
it for hamburgers the other day and I'm
in charge of making dinners with it it's
spaghetti night they're getting Tuesday
gaga can't go home and mix to get it
just yet because we have to go and pick
up Liza why does it say hi and we're
back home and I was just telling
Veronica how productive of a day I had
can you believe that I accomplished all
that and I didn't really tell you guys
yet much what today but I sent out a
video project that I've been working on
the client loves it that always makes
you feel good when you do something you
know you do your creative work and you
send it out and your people love it oh I
think I got a music video just landed
today not a paid gig I'm kind of doing
it as a personal favor to a dear friend
of ours and this weekend I think we're
going to go well it's a men's retreat up
at the Round Lake so I'm going to go and
film a bunch of what they have going on
and make some cool videos for the church
so it's going to be really cool guys I
got so much stuff today
oh I'm also working on a website for a
buddy of mine me in conjunction with
another and the balls gotten rolling on
that today select I feel good I feel
amazing how do you feel I'm proud of you
every time I know today I'm cooking with
dad
we got garlic bread we got that ground
beef we got that angel hair pasta we got
that everybody's happy spaghetti sauce
situation that's right I hate this stuff
but I like this stuff Veronica loves
this stuff but she hates this stuff make
them bow everybody wins you like that oh
you're gonna put it back got those pot
with hot water you start browning our
beef in the skillet are you playing
music mm-hmm you like that song thank
you my love we got a brown beef how hot
do we got to put the oven Oh
450 degrees oh that's right we do have
limited storage in our kitchen so we
have to store some of our skillets and
extra stuff down there man not just
think I'll work anymore
we need new cabinetry I think we might
be making too much here Liza what do you
think you don't fight it you Liza what'd
you do a fire helping daddy
oh now you have money typical don't burn
the bread I thought it'll be our watch
look ah
God yeah that's beautiful beautiful
bread mommy the other side I'm going to
learn I'm just going to turn it off and
let's in there for one two three four
five here we go hmm sometimes you guys I
could pull off I pull off dinner cuz I'm
the boss
look at me and look I know you're
probably like where's the sauce on those
noodles dude guess what the boys don't
like soft on their noodles they only
like butters hey man wanna see young man
shorty Paulie swamp ray hey your nose oh
thank you
it is Tuesday so that means it's time
for drum practice and yes man I mess
around like that all the time come on
let's go outside you play I'm excited
because my iPad so I have another like a
like a series that I want to film or the
review channel and that is like flight
modes explain for the drunk but I had to
have this app called air shower air show
that I couldn't get on here and finally
today I got it working so new review
videos in the worst whole playlist and
Paulin is actually doing amazing with
his drum lesson I'm really proud of him
that takes a lot of patience and
practice he's been doing it we're trying
to get the kids outside before the Sun
Goes Down to burn off haha we're filming
all Liza's vlogging yay light uh Michael
Hardy would be hi everybody hi everybody
mmm pork is the cutest thing ever
while you're practicing more okay you
know Matt we picked up that bike special
for you oh so so Caleb said the other
day not when we were riding but
afterwards they went over to his mom's
boyfriend's place to ride and they
brought the bike back but somebody else
got on it and like tweaked the
handlebars yeah I can't really look be
right so the bike is straight itself No
right down you can see the handlebars
oh yeah this sides out a little it's
true it's been in day and a little bit
yeah you can't have anything nice you
let people ride your stuff and they just
trash it what are you gonna do you're
gonna knock some heads together
so I really don't have anything
epic anything exciting planned for today
today was just kind of like a just a
chill day you're just hanging with the
guilt today does that hurt your feet
Liza my goodness you need some shoes
noble girl my fire-starting lessons paid
off then because you starting a fire all
by yourself this guy's gotta figure it
out they'll be in the Boy Scout for real
hey there's nothing wrong with that dude
I was in the Boy Scouts I was thrown a
whole bale of hay on there let's see
what happened gonna smaller nah you know
it'll light that thing up like the
fourth of July oh yeah I said that the
set is the fire of everything he took a
big pile of grass you saw it threw it in
there and now he's placed it on top of
this 2x4 which you ran all the way from
like what the heck were you thinking
camp there over there fighting on the
trampoline liar I know it's just chill
in there anyway it's a fire it feels
nice it's nice and warm and who doesn't
appreciate the soft glow of an
Kampai punky oh you look clean look at
you you also look very tired educational
candles is a lovely fire out there yes
it's the best looking fire ever seen and
everyone say night Liza oh the Carson
we're going to get to the bus come on
wait oh look at that
trees and everything I remember like it
was yesterday he gave his Eva suit like
it was yesterday all this stuff feels
like dad and just twigs and stuff now
it's all growing leaves and everything's
like green and oh my favorite times year
I just wish that winter didn't even
exist now the last thing I want to do
today is be stuck inside editing all
that stuff it's going to be so nice
today hot I want to get this video done
uploaded for you guys so we can make
something out to death two in a row for
real
all right buddy have a good day I love
you okay I don't know what it is he's
pumped about school today
he's like people I wouldn't be I
remember when I was when it was like
springtime I started getting nice enough
to our shorts out I absolutely hated
going to school because all I wanted to
do was be outside enjoy the weather you
can't do that when you're stuffed in a
classroom all day pianted I'm back on
coffee in the mornings I'm able to
handle just a little bit of extra
caffeine this is actually like dark
dress coffee and it feels good and I I
want to end the video for today guys but
I want to leave you with some food for
thought
you know the whole ad situation on
YouTube could be perceived as the
absolute end of the world it's not good
and I don't think it's going to get
better anytime soon but if you can force
yourself to look at things from a
different angle the ad boycott and the
downfall of monetization on YouTube
could be considered a blessing every new
beginning comes from some other
beginnings end think about that for a
second
it forced me to have to put equity into
myself and like start building my own
personal business and yesterday I made a
lot of steps to making that happen and
like so much good stuff came of it
whatever bad you feel like it's
happening to you find a way to translate
that into well if that didn't happen it
wouldn't have allowed this to happen and
this is something good for me there's
always a positive perspective that you
can look at anything that bad is
happening in your life that my friends
is where we're going to leave you for
today thank you so much for watching and
we can't wait to see you right back here
