you ready go play in the snow let Eliza
hmm so it's a beautiful beautiful snow
day today and we are going we are gonna
go sled riding look at this it's like
super snow
it don't look thick but it truly is you
can't come with us down no I gotta work
this dude's got delivered pizzas in the
front wheel drive Hyundai good luck bro
good luck
alright let's do this look at this snowy
Wonderland we're gonna have some good
times out here boys
are you ready there's more snow than we
can probably handle we're gonna do it
hard right these fries I love it I've
said it before I love when the trees are
just painted with snow forget beautiful
beautiful the snow is beautiful
that's serenading you like a nightingale
we're all ready we got our gear on are
you ready to go sled we'll get your
gloves
we'll get your gloves I promise I got to
leave the camera in with here in here
with mommy because it's snowing and I
don't want to ruin it
so stay with mommy
I am venturing over to the hill to see
the boys try and take couple pictures
show you guys just winter wonderland
that their sled riding in it's pretty
deep and it's still coming down pretty
hard as you can tell let's go find them
what to do any I'm fine yeah
Chase is down there at the bottom of the
hill and I'm guessing that Carson's not
wanting to come back up the hill walk
back up the hill cuz he's on chases back
down there what it's fun yeah
are you warm yeah say what fantastically
warm eating snow and I'm having a blast
because Jase is learning me oh yeah I'm
having fun
Betty you'll love okay no I guess not
what's your favorite thing Carson what
are you doing sneaking up on me snowball
oh I wish I could just stay out here and
play with them I'm just not quite that
far up to par yet are you ready to go in
you can come on over get it where do you
got marshmallows hot chocolate that's
the best way to take care of after snow
session I really really want to sit back
and relaxing do game session yeah I knew
it I knew it this is a common scenario
we're all ready to leave jeeps warmed up
everyone's dressed and ready I know baby
I am not ready you all ready you'd
better be ready get ready
I mean well did you have fun Carson yeah
Colin yeah I think it's safe to say we
had a
blast playing in the snow there's plenty
of it no shortage of snow that's for
sure
so we're gonna go home put on some warm
clothes and just veg I think that's a
good idea I want to eat we need to get
food we got to get some food we just
fast forwarded later into the evening we
came home and basically melted it's the
best word disintegrations into the couch
now it's bedtime
hey I had so much fun with you guys
today
that was awesome yeah high five for
sledding high five for sledding well
don't leave me hanging
there you go oh yeah okay are you using
your old camera now what hey Nikki this
is my new camera yeah using your new
camera hmm but the other camera that you
loved in the snow way there you'd like
that one yeah that's cool I mean both of
them the same way he's talking about
that little camera we got there we just
try it out today it was pretty cool I
liked it it was this big
well it's a little bigger hmm I tell the
buddies good night no Carson tell them
good night
hey good morning you know the last clip
of the night you'll see it in today's
vlog but you and the baby we're both
completely passed out yep and I feel bad
trying to continue vlogging when you're
passed out and the baby's passed out and
it's obviously quiet time so I just that
was the exact last clip she just likes
to look at you talk to I can't wait till
she starts moving like crawling and
stuff that's my favorite part when they
start crawling it and you can you can
blow farts in their bellies and they
laugh about it that's what I'm waiting
for
seriously alright guys the day it's a
new day I am ready to tackle it I've got
a couple things that I needed to take
care of today before the kids get back
it's nice and quiet while the kids are
away they went to church and so I need
to get some stuff done so I'm gonna grab
myself a cup of coffee and get through
it so that's all we have for you today I
can't wait to see you right back in here
