good morning guys I'm out and about
today taking care of some business
I did a was a baby shower design for
baby shower invitations and thank-you
cards and I'm going to get those printed
and then I might get a haircut because I
need to get this do straight and then
what else thinks that's about it
voila
I actually had to cut them myself
because well that's just how I do things
by here thank you ladies so much what
gets me is you think that someone who
works in a copy and print Center would
know the difference between RGB and CMYK
color mode because when you print
something that's an RGB color mode it's
much darker and then it should be and so
I had to go had to go back and forth
with them on color or two different
times but you can expect that sometimes
and there's a new girl so she was
learning and I basically had to give her
the lesson of the difference between RGB
and CMYK all right so I got all my stuff
done I got the envelopes I needed for
those invitations that I made them all
boxed up nicely cut and yeah I took the
time to actually cut them myself because
I mean I care you I put I put a lot of
love into the products that I produce
because I care I give it written you
know time sand
well I and I had to pick up some some
poop paper and wipe our butts guess what
today I thought I wanted to do something
fun something different something not
just sitting on the couch watching TV
because it's cold out I got to be
productive so I have this product that I
want to do a review on and I got my boy
Seth coming over to give me a hand and
we're gonna film the first review for my
how to channel and I'm gonna finish up
that intro that I made I think I showed
it to you guys a while back the gilroy
how to's in reviews sure
and I need to I need to finish it up
with sound effects and stuff and get it
hot so I can use that because that
channel is evolving I can't just do how
to's tutorials and stuff I got to do
reviews - because I've want to I just
want to look at this so Mike Morse know
hey guys you want to maybe go sled ride
tomorrow you want to yeah are you
serious yes like dead serious
yes what do you do with this Karson work
your head go the Seth Wetzel I didn't
realize look this guy's the only dude I
know the only dude I know that comes to
someone's house where we take our shoes
off and we come in and stuff just brings
booties with them but look that's so
nice look how hard it is Lacey's things
out I know you want to cry me a river
but I mean you just put those on instead
it's easy gonna trip what are you doing
no no no I'm gonna but I know no filming
no filming joking I'm just joking you
home all you want oh so we're going out
to get some shots I want to have a
couple shots where like I'm out in the
field and I want to give the appearance
of like I'm running low on power on my
device and obviously there's nowhere
around me to get power and what we're
reviewing today is these these jakhary
portable chargers seriously awesome I
have used the crap out of these things
so my use them in the living room
because I just set this on the table and
charge my phone on it because as you
know I'm probably always on my phone
but these things are really lifesavers I
used them a lot like if I'm out filming
and we're busy we're filming I don't
have time to plug my phone in but I
always have my bag with me so I just put
this in my bag and run a cord out the
side of my bag and if I need power I
just plug it in this thing can power my
phone literally from dead four times
that's the iPhone 6 I'm telling you this
thing is a whopper so we need to go out
and get some shots where I'm out in the
woods or something filming and I'm
running low on power and I go for my
jakhary charger this is gonna be cool
so we're gonna set up the glidecam or
actually this is the flycam DSLR and
Seth just got a new camera and we're
gonna test it out it's the canon 70d
what do you think I lost you wait those
things are really really tricky if
you've ever used one of these glide cams
or fly cams it's really tricky to get
set up because of the balancing but once
you get it it it produced some really
cool steady shots so we're gonna go
shoot you ready yep yeah
we literally had to get out shoot what
we needed and get back in the car it is
so cold I had gloves on and my fingers
feel like they're frost bit
now what do you think of your first run
with the flag game I don't know yeah
look at it
I think if you look awesome it was
difficult I'll say that this big this
big burly guys trying to be all delicate
I don't have big damn deep
alright we're not done we gotta go
downstairs and film the shots in the
basement in our new set
remember we built the new set I'm really
excited to do so I mean really we can't
show you everything that we're doing
because then you wouldn't want to go
watch the review but we've got some
really cool shots camera all set up
it's looking good our set is awesome I
love it I love it I love it I love it so
now I'm doing the dialogue part so I
need to set up my mic and we're almost
done dude
mom was awaiting and she Kristen I'm
really sorry if you're watching this but
Seth's doing awesome he's learning so
much I got to learn it if I want to do
it yeah you're doing good dude high five
alright just finished shooting the
newest review the first actual review on
my how to channel pretty exciting it
should be up in a couple days I want to
take my time and really put some effort
into the Edit and when I come up with a
really cool format for these kinds of
videos for that channel I'm so stoked
about how this looks some of the screen
shots maybe I'll put one up on Facebook
or something tomorrow check check it out
but I gotta go upstairs and relieve the
wife because Veronica hasn't been up
here with the kids all day
my breast friend hmm
look at put your boobies right at the
assume the position what are you guys up
to
oh you're doing oh my gosh yeah yeah I
want to tattoo you get out what can I
have a tattoo what I'm gonna get tattoo
all right you know one of these alright
doc tap me up is that mine yep alright
I'm ready
tap me up doc
Pournami it doesn't hurt at all okay all
right very sticky sticky yeah this is
cool Oh
oh my gosh that's cold oh that's cold
yeah it's supposed to be kind water oh
okay got the wait for like how many
minutes 40 minutes you think I'm getting
a whole back tattoo or something
40 no there's not 40 so like 30 30
minutes no it only takes one minute
woman yeah that's a little more
reasonable
- we should go to the bar and get a
fight with a spongebob tattoo oh wait
you buy a bunch of tattoos yeah yeah we
gonna tattoo tattoo party yeah that'd be
awesome
awesome
here we go my new tattoo oh dude that's
wicked dude nice
oh don't tell mommy I got a tattoo okay
good night honey that's a tired lawyer
right there I'll take that
that belongs downstairs tell the
gladiators good not a special way to do
this or what right so good morning we
found ourselves rot in the next day
sorry woke up I woke up filling a little
English there yeah breakfast time bacon
sausage french toast if you're French
and that's not your toast I do apologize
that's just what we call it Colin why
don't you show everyone out the window
show them what the weather's doing Joe
I'm not on the screen side the other
side the weather is pretty much um silly
you can see what kind of snow no yes
it's Saturday we can manage it we can if
we can manage it we're gonna go sled
riding today we're really gonna try and
do that because today is gonna be the
warmest day that we've had in a long
time
guess how much the temperature or guess
how high the temperature is 38 oh that's
a lot of degrees yeah especially when
we're used to having no degrees 38
degrees there's a bunch of degrees all
right guys it's breakfast time
we're gonna run thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here
