good morning guys guess what time it is
yes fluffy I got a call from the vet's
office are you excited yeah
fluffy his neuter went perfect it's time
for me to go pick him up so I'm gonna go
get fluffy you guys get ready for him
okay they're gonna be excited for him
all right fluffy here comes daddy today
poor fella
let's get him bud
come on I think he wants some ride down
there home fluffy
come on Katie Katie come on come on
Kitty I think the hard parts can be get
him out of the car he's home no food you
can't eat until tomorrow unfortunately
but he didn't have water
no he stepped I just use yep just don't
touch it don't touch anywhere near his
but it took me forever to get him out
the car he went tucked himself under the
driver's seat and wouldn't come out he
can't look it so you got to make sure
you keep your eyes on him because if he
licks it too much the sutures will come
out he liked his neck yeah you're all
right I know you're thinking why would
you do that to your poor cat what how
would you feel if you had your balls cut
off well guess what I'm going to
Veronica has basically demanded that I
get the old vasectomy because if we have
another baby I don't know if I said it
before but if she gets pregnant again
they have to do another c-section on her
and the baby has to come out at 1 1 2
weeks
36 weeks would you believe this old lady
the ma ma ma look at that they're nice
and that
she made us dinner for tonight what we
got here they go Turkey and because of
all this I now have to make a trip to
the store with a bunch of extras my job
is never done
they told me yesterday the turkey moves
making the sides but mom this is all I
need you to do on your level of whining
is way up here you got to bring it down
here cuz the baby is sleeping okay deal
pinkie promise pinkie promise
isn't it crazy how it can be perfectly
sunny in one spot and then you travel a
few miles down the road and it's like
it's snowing like a bee you can't really
tell but it's seriously smelling check
out tonight and Turkey rolls noodles
corn stuffing mashed potatoes
what yeah we know we know
everyone knows just look at that play of
good wholesome food look how big that
plate that is I'm gonna eat all of it to
watch me don't watch me I'm you know
I'll cut it now and then we'll pick up
after I eat it see I see you're eating
all your dinner there
mm-hmm mm-hmm
since they cooked it I'm gonna clean it
up look what I did a dual-purpose in
this container to put mashed potatoes
and the noodles in the same bowl they'll
probably be eating together anyways so I
figured why not put them together now
that's not something you see every day
right in the intersection oh yeah good
work man
dinner's over I decided to catch up with
my buddy Seth I'm gonna go see his new
baby he just had a baby a few days ago
and I haven't had a chance to go see him
yet
baby Elias says you know what I did when
I walk in Seth was hiding about classic
yeah prankster style I tried hide behind
the door when I came in and scared me
you'll see it on this floor you got it
right you feel God oh nice nice don't do
what do it do it to him Oh watch this
little girl's gonna bring him to his
knees other way other way other way
other way in there yep turn his hand
over and then you put money in that and
then let it yeah there it is there all
right dude I'm out of here
sorry for scaring you so much it's okay
oh my god sorry about the bowl we got
the kids all riled up - no they're all
ready right now I'm gonna have this one
good luck Kristen good for the babies
beautiful yes I gotta get home tomorrow
look good times I'm glad I got to come
see the boy he looks great
and yeah more babies more babies hey
darling girl make it talk hey Dad me and
my butt just hanging out stepping on
some boob get my belly full and then
probably just take a nap
all right good talking to you what's he
right back here tomorrow she's a natural
really I think she could probably take
over one day he was earlier after we
brought him home seriously in the car he
was freaked out when we got home he came
back in looked for food and then started
playing he was he was literally running
around chasing us like he does he chases
us when he plays he's back to normal
like nothing ever happened I just I just
found out that the kids don't have
school again tomorrow how are you guys
gonna even your summer's gonna be wasted
away with snow days yeah you know
through the through the comments here
the gladiators have said that in some
places it's negative 30 degrees and they
still go to school and they have feet
and feet of snow and they still go to
school Wow how spoiled are you tell me
what do you thinking about that gap
bitch
you don't say you don't say
she didn't say it's bedtime we're
bringing the Liza with us or we can tuck
the boys in bed right it's your first
time bringing the boys in bed yeah
tell mommy good night of course
fuck you you stay off the stairs you're
not allowed to climb the stairs you hear
me
are you listen didn't do long matter of
fact the sides are getting too long the
top has to grow a little bit so I'm
gonna go get a haircut and this morning
wait I didn't close the vlog last night
final clip ëitís super huge shout-out
to everyone that stopped by the
gladiators stuff store and bought a
gladiator shirt and I just want you guys
to know that there's gonna be a lot more
designs coming to that store and the
gladiator shirt is the initial diehard
fan shirt you know so I wanted to have
something out there for you guys to
represent you know I mean but there's a
new design coming soon I want you guys
to look out for that and let me know if
you want this one do you remember this
Gilroy blog shirt let me know if you
want that one up there I can throw it
out there too alright guys thanks so
much for watching I can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow
