good gladiator morning look at the roads
today this weather is so bad it was
worse a little while ago it's been
awhile since I started to vlog in the
car I had to take a trip to the post
office box and renew because I guess
it's been about a year
so I had to work up that money I mean I
woke up thinking a wise man once told me
to be successful you want to have
multiple revenue streams right and and
so thinking I have this plan for another
channel and I really really really
really want to get a new camera but
obviously this camera is very expensive
so today I'm looking at different ways
to try and generate more funds to pay
for those equipment to help run a
different channel
so I figure why don't we try and look
like I want to look at different
opportunities that we can use to make
more money would you believe it's almost
6:45 and it just now had the opportunity
to take a shower like this time of day
is actually it feels like my afternoon
because of the sleep schedule of the
baby it's crazy it's like she she only
wants to sleep between the hours of 3:00
and 12:00 1:00 o'clock and by that time
everything I mean by the time we
actually get up and she's up and we can
be noisy the day's hardly halfway over
this schedule is crazy
we go get something for us to eat for
dinner I ain't cooking today I'm not
feeling it we're gonna do the old
fashioned Wendy's that's right sorry not
you wait would you like trying for
Unicode sandwich today yes yes I would
would you like cheese on them yep yep
would you like to make it a combo no
just a sandwich
yeah I'd also like a jr. bacon
cheeseburger
small fries small coke small frosty
oh and a small strawberry lemonade since
this line is ridiculously long I thought
I'd I thought I'd take this time to fill
you on one quick tip I was watching the
weather today and we're supposed to have
like severely cold air into our region
for the next few days and the weatherman
says that this air is being funneled to
us straight from get this Siberia that's
the other side of the freaking globe
siberian cold air is what we're
experiencing right now that's why I got
my my Neff hat on this Neff hat is
acrylic so it's like super warm you know
that's another good tip you don't wear
cotton in the wintertime because it
doesn't keep you warm at all acrylic or
wall are the most warmest most warmest
fabrics today I went through all the
orders and made sure that everything was
taken care of properly like my biggest
my biggest pet peeve with businesses are
customer service and I think customer
service is a very very big aspect of a
successful business so it's gonna be my
top priority to make sure that anyone I
do business with has a hundred percent
satisfaction because it reflects good on
your business you know
yeah so even though the past few days it
looks like I'm just sitting at home
doing nothing I'm really doing a lot a
lot and so and also one of the things
that I wanted to mention I mentioned
earlier about you know different ways to
generate revenue like if you're a
self-employed person and you want to
generate revenue for yourself there's so
many different ways that you can do it
and I found this really cool site that
I'll show you guys when I get back home
it seems really legit and it it's almost
a perfect fit for anybody because
everybody has one of these boys the boys
spent some time at Nana's grandma's Nana
grandma yeah I know that's Nana but they
don't know that Collin get in sure there
you go I got it I got it it's cold out
there huh
hurry jump in Carson just sat down his
Kindle look what this kid is doing in
Minecraft he's so good so creative man
look that's obviously a zombie that's
per Steve
I got myself a little artist here so a
couple of my buddies had told me about
sites like this and the opportunity that
you can make money by simply giving your
opinions you see big companies they pay
big bucks just to get regular people's
opinions on different products and
services so there's the site called
Opinion Outpost
and they basically all you have to do is
join the site you have to be 18 or older
and literally you just take surveys so
what you do is you give your opinion on
things like food TV movies products and
services and then you earn points and
those points you can redeem on the site
for cash Amazon gift cards or iTunes
gift cards it's really cool you get one
free entry into a ten thousand dollar
quarterly prize draw each time you take
a survey there's no limit on how many
entries you can earn dude that's that
camera right there I could get that
camera just by one survey if I won that
listen I'm gonna put a link to this
website in the description I strongly
suggest you check it out if you're over
18 and you want to make a little bit of
extra cash on the side just for giving
your opinion click the link aside from
that I mean I I've kept myself pretty uh
I feel like I was pretty productive
today I found this site which is really
cool I'm probably gonna be doing some
stuff with that the store is doing great
all the orders are perfectly on track
like as soon as the orders came in boom
they went out for shipment and I have a
really good system set up and I'm
working with it really good actually the
guy who made these shirts for me a while
back he's the one who's who's helping me
you do the store and stuff so mad props
to him Jake is the man Tony I think I've
spent way too much time on the computer
today and I kind of want to just go
downstairs and play with the kids they
guess they may not have school tomorrow
I don't know they say that every day but
they may not have school tomorrow
because it's suppose
to be so cold let's go scare
did you pee your pants
oh poor Liza's room she hasn't even
slept in here yet we did all this work
for this room and she hasn't even slept
in here yet Colin here here's a burger
here came downstairs in the first word
from who said was boys not on school
tomorrow
schools canceled yeah I was army and his
arms pillars when I died kids in their
Kindles I got a late-night delivery I
can't show you the whole box but that
sticker should show you that that's
gladiator stuff right there now listen I
know the channel is and I've looked at
the statistics the channel is 85% male
there's only 15 percent female so what
that doesn't mean I don't love you
ladies so look what we got here we got
guys we got we got gladiators shirts for
the ladies okay
these are like women's cuts so they're a
little smaller than the men's stuff and
Veronica is gonna actually model them
she's gonna be my model
my hot sexy model but yeah the women's
sizes will be available I'll put them on
the store as soon as possible
we'll shoot photos and then get them up
so the ladies can have their own style
and size a t-shirt okay are you ready
for tomorrow boy are you ready are you
ready
I think I forgot to mention that
tomorrow being Thursday is Fluffy's big
day I don't find joy in taking the cat
to get his balls cut off I don't even
know if that's the process but most
people most domestic cats do get
neutered right I mean I think that's
where the problem of spraying comes from
is when your cats they keep their balls
drive them to be territorial and so they
spray all over the house and stuff which
cannot happen here especially with the
baby so fluffy has an appointment
tomorrow very stoked greased up dude
poor fella good morning guys would you
believe Eliza
let us sleep in our bed last night she
truly let us sleep she woke up two
different times it was amazing
so I'm getting ready now
Fluffy's drop off is is within the next
20 minutes so I need to get myself
dressed and take the old cat to the vet
you're gonna Kardos good your loving in
you're gonna color them in the balls
that's all right here he's only gonna be
gone for a few hours
yeah he'll be back today ready come on
dude okay come on focus Dallas is gonna
go with me to hold the cat take fluffy
be safe let's go you're good buddy
everything's gonna be alright
the Fluffy's in there he didn't want to
let go he's like clawing on the Dallas's
coat and then I held him for a minute he
didn't want to go which I can understand
and I feel really crazy about taking
cats to the vet because I used to have a
cat a long time ago
her name was Gracie and she started like
getting sick at home so we took her to
the vet and I got a call later that day
with the vet telling me that they were
really sorry to inform me that my cat
once they put the cat on IV because she
needed fluids she passed away so I hate
the vet I hate taking cats to the vet or
any pets to the vet that always stuck in
my head and it messed me up
for a long time all right kids that's
where this video ends we'll pick up
tomorrow with getting fluffy back from
the vet it's super cold out so that kids
on school today and probably gonna have
to find some cool things to do inside
because it's it's siberian cold out all
right that's it for me today guys I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
