all right so the boys are home from
church and Carson I wanted to show you
something really cool I think you're
gonna like it
you ready yeah check this out yesterday
we said something about you wanted to
meet Evan from Evan to be HD right yeah
well guess what the gladiators have been
up to let's show you look at all these
comments about Carson on Evans Channel
how cool is that what do you have to say
to the gladiators they're hooking you up
there telling Evan hey Carson wants to
meet you
they're telling them what do you have to
say to the gladiators well I think you
should start with a thank you I would
tell everyone thank you for hooking you
up Thanks
I'll tell you what if this happens and
you guys assist him and the whole thing
goes off dude he's gonna be the happiest
kid on earth look please go meet Carson
Gilroy blogs message him at his YouTube
that's you another meet Carson right
meow
hashtag gladiator what do you think
about that look look meet Carson please
from Gilroy blogs please go see Gilroy
blogs Carson wants to meet you really
bad he's your biggest fan
dude you should give the gladiators as a
virtual high five right now virtual high
five oh yeah you guys Rock you're
today's Sunday which means trash day and
the return of the weekly episodes of my
favorite show The Walking Dead I can't
wait to see who dies this week
hopefully nobody with it I gotta go get
dinner mmm
dang it feels like my work it's never
done but like I said ain't stopping got
the stove ready Veronica wants
hamburgers again but I don't want
hamburgers again so I'm going at alliant
sausage yeah yeah eat that sausage on my
favorite thing to have on Italian
sausage spicy mustard spicy brown
mustard it's really good
we haven't tried to suggest salad
tobey's and Ryder that's what's for
dinner
I teach my Balazs to clean up their
plates after dinner
good boy Colin mom I just did a whole
load of dishes and there's one waiting
for me
don't you hate it when you go to the
grocery store and you come home you need
to instantaneously clean out your entire
refrigerator you just should I just
finished eating dinner and look who just
showed that it's my buddy
PJ everyone wants to know like we called
you and you never came over to bring
Paxton to clean up his mess I'm sorry
you know I got a little busy at times
it's hard with him did you get the
voicemail I did you what did you think
when you hear calling on your voice
uh-huh a little a little weird he
sounded very mad he goes no butts no
cuts no coconuts in the way he said it
bro
I'm not kidding I guess the funniest
thing I've ever seen it was pretty funny
you get the only kitchen yeah I think I
still have him he called you twice yeah
not once but twice
well just so you know Paxton and the
boys are upstairs helping each other
clean up there's a good boy
Paxton sauce they were not happy I can't
even believe it he must have called you
a couple more times without me knowing
it yeah it's on it's on it's on I can't
show that I'm sure that it's on ah how
that Walking Dead should have been
called walking through the woods and
killed three dogs what are you doing you
playing with the sword Oh boys look how
dirty your room is you guys gotta get to
work
I know I know you don't have school
tomorrow they don't school tomorrow cuz
it's President's Day so I know exactly
what you can do tomorrow clean that room
oh yeah
cleaning the room is never fun
especially never as fun as making it
messy but you gotta do it you gotta do
it part of being a kid let's go to bed
time for bed
everyone good night
taking like arson to the gladiators tell
the gladiators good night and thank them
for all their help I made a fresh pot of
coffee this morning with a new coffee I
got last night this one and it is way
stronger than the folders I made rock
and roll let me go upstairs and show you
what I've been working on all night long
the big thing that I've been working on
all night is trying to get this website
completely done and I'll have you know
and I'm proud to announce that you can
now go to - this is how my day started
it's unfortunate you guys
it started with good news and then ended
with very bad news long story short I
got a hit on my iPad today a random
number texted me and said iPad and I was
like iPad Mini and I text a guy back
back and forth and come to find out he
bought my iPad off eBay the person who
stole it sold my iPad on eBay and the
guy who texted me because I activated
lost mode he found my number texted me
let me know he's got it and then told me
he's not gonna give it to me because he
spent the money on it and he's not gonna
give it to me I know that's the worst
part I immediately called eBay and talk
to people and worked out that we could
definitely get the guy's money back for
what he spent on stolen property and he
told me he doesn't want his money back
he's gonna keep the iPad oh and daddy
happens to be part of HTML hacker group
I blows my mind blows
and what I don't get I mean the officer
we're talking about this is why on earth
if this guy is such an amazing hacker
and can easily remove my iCloud password
why would he text me in the first place
why would he text me in the first place
and I got a really weird email the other
day from a user name including the word
hacker asking me for my iCloud email and
password to you my friend I hope you
sleep well tonight knowing that I'm
gonna do everything it takes to get that
iPad back maybe I'll fail but I just
hope you sleep well tonight all right so
after having spent most of my day on my
computer changing password and whatnot
we found ourselves into the evening and
it's school tomorrow
right and it's time for showers and PJ's
in bed boys always argue about who has
to go first so we make them
paper-rock-scissors for it rock paper
scissors it's pretty badly being
corrected by a six-year-old
are you ready are you ready yes it's on
go
Carson crushed the scissors yeah you
can't take forever either you get in get
wash get out good all right Carson
downloaded a fun new app I can't hear it
get rid of that mushy stuff on the TV
make it happy make it better give me a
show yeah there you go
nice nice move nice oversized shirt by
the way
I like I like that you're wearing a
shirt five times your size whoa flag
whoa it's time for bed guess what it's
been snowing for quite a few hours now
and the boys have a two-hour delay
hey you kissed the middle looks they
have a two-hour delay that could
probably turn into school today I think
was a high of four negative for
windchill degree I have a degree sameen
the weather like what do you think about
that Eliza what do you think about that
weather what do you think about that
weather it's too cold for you for your
baby skin and your little nose in your
teensy ears and when we were at the
doctor's office we asked about her
cross-eyed miss at times and confirmed
that yes it happens to them till they're
about six months two months minimum for
six months for sure if they're not
straight by then we should probably talk
well who's the last one upstairs
he was the thing listen listen listen
all right move it move it look at the
room not bad you still need to do some
of those blankets come on now come on
now all right guys it's that time again
time to put the boys to sleep that
thing's gonna whoo
all right good so the past couple days
has really been a rollercoaster ride for
me between taking care of the kids the
baby I had a bit of a situation
yesterday with the whole iPad deal it
really got me stressed out but and all
these guys around me to keep me positive
and keep me going and we finally
yesterday I was also supposed to
announce the launch of a special web
site but we had some difficulties and it
was a holiday so we really couldn't get
anything done so today's the day today's
the day what is today gladiator stuff
dot-com that's right you guys can now
get the gladiator shirts all you have to
do is go to gladiator stuff com it's
right there make sure you get in there
have a look around give me some feedback
there's an info section that teaches you
how to use the checkout system because I
know some people can get confused but
overall I think this is a really cool
site don't you yeah the kids are off
school today it's a snow day again so it
might be just warming up for us to get
out there and I've been really dying to
try out this new verb action camera from
Garmin so I think today might be the day
and the boys actually have come to me
and said dad we want to try and do a
gaming video what's the name of the
channel super Gilroy gaming so we're
gonna give that a shot too and see if we
can't make some
an app named excited yeah high-five all
right guys that's gonna do it for us
today
I know today's vlogs kind of a mash-up
of the past two days which is fine let's
do it
so yeah we're gonna alright guys that's
all we've got for you today thank you so
much for watching we'll see you right
back here tomorrow
