good morning everybody good morning
honey
what are you doing over there mmm-hmm
she's always feeding the baby always I
think like I said yesterday I gotta get
out of here right I want to go do
something my boy Scotty showed up we're
gonna go what get a TV mount brambles up
wall mount with something we're gonna
watch I love you tomorrow's Valentine's
Day so I might bring home something nice
that's okay you got me a baby you know
you got me a baby I don't need anything
look at this Scotty got a new Jeep Jeep
Commander dude that's awesome a third
row seat back there so we need this is
what we were looking at again we were
thinking about trading in the liberty
for commander just because it's longer a
third row seat this awesome dude the
sunroof it's great dude i likey good
purchase for will oh yeah oh let's get
it where are we going I don't know this
is funny you give two dudes some free
time and where do they where did they
take themselves Best Buy oh good old
Best Buy Scotty's looking for TV mounts
like those wall mounts for the TVs
I think we've settled on just the
tilting one
you know be really cool this guy right
here this guy right here you can pull
that sumbitch out swivel it any way you
want I want one now you know what I need
I need I don't want a mountain line on
the wall because I have the xbox and all
that stuff so I need like shelving on I
want a new like actual you know I mean
entertainment center here since we're
out and in town you guys remember this
place right they got the best steamroll
bagel sandwiches in the business the
only ones in the business so I thought
hey Scott let's try it you've never had
him right never now he is today we got
the jailbird turkey cheese lettuce
tomato mayo he so check this out for
Valentine's Day tomorrow we're gonna
have a Valentine's themed breakfast
we're gonna use this thing we found it's
called a pancake creator earth what they
called it a batter pan so basically
you're gonna fill it up with batter and
then flip it over and draw on the
skillet a heart and then fill it how
awesome is that
actually we should get a red one for
Valentine's Day are you having fun on
our bro date so special we thought about
going to see a movie but we figured we
might be borderline at that point
Pottinger no Fifty Shades of Grey
it does come out today yeah
premiere lot was last night at midnight
fifty shades of gray I see all over
Facebook those Fifty Shades of Grey
premiere seats you see that no Google
search you'll find it for every person
doing Valentine's stuff by the time
you're watching this today is
Valentine's Day so make sure that you've
done your job as a boyfriend or a
husband and kids make sure you get your
mom and your grandma something to let
them know that you love them and I'm
hunting for Valentine's cards for my
lovely wife I always look for ones that
have like sentimental meaning I should
make my own because I could come up
something much better but on a time
crunch kind of stuck with the UH
you know this stuff I'll see you later
my man later on thanks for coming thanks
for coming to rescue me yeah yeah what's
up guys how did your Valentine's party
go yeah did you get a bunch of
Valentines
did you get any girlfriends did you just
the same old girlfriends and that must
be a good problem huh I'll tell you what
even though it was really nice to get
out of the house I still thought of you
the whole time yeah I sure didn't miss
you honey
and this girl right here I missed her so
much it feels so good having this much
love at home I truly am blessed thank
you guys thanks guys
thank you good talk guys Veronica's
freaking out I literally spent too long
sitting here editing and I gotta go get
something for dinner because she's
hungry she wants to eat right now here's
what's for dinner I got some I actually
got some steaks for tomorrow night two
burgers bacon infused burgers you love
bacon
covered with cheese lettuce salad it's
gonna be good I'll tell you that has to
be probably the fastest I ever went
through Kroger got what I needed and get
out your press she goes I need dinner
nah you know like say like that she's
hungry gotta feed the way so we're
having hamburgers and hot dogs yeah I
got the bacon and Monterey Jack
hamburgers okay yeah that's a
good-looking burger right there oh yeah
that's it I'm cutting my lettuce I
realize I'm a it went a little strong
yeah on the heat there that's all right
Veronica likes them well-done
right honey
girl love a burger thank you
enjoy try not to put too much in your
belly causing your recently d stapled
suture to erupt and spilled guts all
over the living room that may be a
little greasy but you know what
that's what indoor barbecues are for is
to have good food maybes not good for
you but it sure is good I'm gonna follow
it up with the salad so just as I
thought it would be
that was a dang good burger dang good
burger that was a heck of a burger that
was a really good burger guy heard
someone out in the garage
guess who it is what are you up to you
down my god you're kidding me you're
gonna be one of those guys with the
system I'm gonna shake the pavement what
do you got so far where's your gear
where's your gear don't spill my tools
well we got the Memphis 15 inch nice
what are you driving it for Jim let's
see all right here sound stream it's a
300 to 600 watt amp 600 Watts come on
Dallas you do better than that
why snook white white truck it was a
crappy truck Ford Ranger and I put two
450 watt they were pioneers I forget I
MPP 12 five pioneers there sir with 1200
watt Ian dude I'm pushing out half are
you getting do you have a capacitor yeah
you have a capacitor
no you realize it's gonna fry your
alternator eventually over time yeah get
a capacitor dude your alternator well
thank you I just came in to see Carson
watching YouTube and he watches his kids
who's Evan Evan tube HD he's such a cool
kid I've actually seen him watching his
videos for a long long time okay and I
said what it wouldn't it be cool if we
could reach out and see if Carson could
meet Evan is he like your favorite Mario
yep what if I told you that we could try
and meet Evan tube HD that'd be super
awesome
yes would it make your whole entire day
person said he's my favorite youtuber
dad that's pretty cool we could probably
do that why don't we give them hold of
them so while they're upstairs watching
TV I came downstairs to kind of go over
this new camera and look at some of the
stuff that it came with apparently I
need to do like an update out of the box
which you can expect that and I don't
know this thing is super super tight I
think one of the coolest things about
this is that you can do like information
overlay on the video and it does stuff
like altitude speed distance geographic
position I don't know it's pretty it's
pretty cool I can't wait to use it but I
need to do an update and kind of get to
know the settings and what all I can do
before I take it out I was talking to
Scotty today and he's down for taking
this out for a true test maybe go out on
four-wheelers this weekend something
cool
but I definitely want to use this and
see what it can do so I'm gonna hook
this up to the computer get it updated
and read up and probably try and catch
some sleep and I did decide what I want
to do with the second camera and I can't
think of any one person to give it away
to than a gladiator so I'll try and come
up with a way a clever way for you guys
to try and win this camera yeah I'm
gonna try and come up with a clever way
to have like a competition so you guys
can win this camera to help me come up
with a contest as for now I'm gonna go
catch some sleep and I suppose I will
see you right back here tomorrow
