all right lil Eliza you're a go bye-bye
getting this nice comfy little cozy
cocoon we gotta take mommy to the we
can't go a week without going to the
doctor's office she's going to get her
staples the rest of them removed from
her stomach today should be fun right
and it's snowing so let's take a little
trip light uh I hate being woke up like
that too I hate how do you feel you just
had all the staples in your stomach
completely no explain it is better
doesn't it because they're not pulling
anymore yeah but it's still very sore
look at you give me a side Chuck let me
let me show how little you're getting
already look at her look at her she's so
precious this is this is how amazing she
is she's like two weeks out of pregnancy
and almost completely back to full sexy
mama
high-five cuz you're awesome
okay let's go back okay ready Liza yep
I'm ready let's go dead
I got a drop my girls off at home and
then go get the we got finished Carson's
Valentine's box and you can print up a
couple more pieces of paper drop off her
prescription but go pick it up come back
make sure the vlogs uploaded do some
more Valentines boxes and then maybe I
can work on my site both of them there's
not enough time in these days you guys
we're trying to finish
Carson's box and Colin's little sharps
you guys are gonna get to see this
ticket thing in action it's so cool die
cutter but not cutter vlogs because
you're awesome what's in there it's open
oh wow my craft aha
what's this it's like a mat it's kind of
adhesive that's in here and it slides
back and forth both the paper well this
thing goes around and cuts whatever the
cartridge that's inside it tells it to
cut you just hold it up there and hit
this button right here Colin could not
load mat and it takes it in but okay you
just leave it there you don't wish no
too many buttons okay you only push it
to one button okay hit the shark button
do you see where the shark is and ixy
let me see let me see
no we want the ass
let's see the crap table is a tiger it's
okay but wait let's try something you
want to hit this shift button okay
because then we'll get this cut out
without the question mark in it so hit
the shift button
and then the short oh okay see how big
that one's gonna be
we're just gonna check the size and make
sure this is the size of a want purse
unloads the paper out that looks like a
good size or do you think it should be a
little smaller that do you think it
should be a little smaller uh yeah yeah
see you nice eighteen of them to fit
through that little hole there yeah yeah
but they have to fit on that let me see
a pen behind me because they have to be
able to take it on there we're gonna
take these and just cut it the rest of
the way here so that way we can put it
on clothes pins and it will you can open
and close as well two nights in a row
straight crafting Carson's minecraft box
is complete oh you want him up there I
don't think he's gonna stay but that's
still pretty darn cool man look inside
there's always stuff all the treasure
chest full of Valentine's we could make
a whole vlog about this little craft
session or I could do exactly like I
said in my snapchat this morning which
was show you guys we're gonna show you
now the prank fail footage that I shot
at the hospital what I did was I took a
baby doll to the hospital and my
intentions was to freak people out by
thinking that I just dropped my
brand-new baby on the ground some of
them I got some of them not so much have
a look being at the hospital is the
perfect time to play
maybe a sick little joke here's the real
baby
here's my fake baby
great what did you see she did you buy
it you bought it
yeah
that was the worst you guys didn't come
on cue well that was fun right it didn't
really turn out exactly how I planned I
failed on more people than I succeeded
but it was still a fun try and I'm so
glad that bran goes down for that I
can't believe it's like we had two kids
already so another trip to the hospital
and have a baby you just seemed like
routine so we thought we know the drill
we know how everything works
let's just not sit here and have to be
here cuz we just had a baby let's have
fun with it and we tried right
Eliza's asleep yeah we know it's
fairly early in the evening it's your
bet your bedtime guys but I think like
the past two nights have been so rough
for getting sleep she's asleep right now
I think we should probably go to sleep
for a couple hours too so let's get you
guys tucked in tell everyone good night
we're gonna bit the man debate I mean
knockout for a while I don't know if
I'll pick up the camera again tonight
depends I might try but for now we're
gonna use this time to catch up on some
sleep we survived the night actually
sleeping in the better and the living
room produced a better night's sleep
than my own comfortable bed which is so
ironic because you would think sleeping
in your bed is would be a much more
quality sleep but that's not the case at
all
I gotta get them off to school because
immediately after they get on the bus we
have a doctor's appointment for the baby
it's one of those this reminds me of
what the the homeowner owned where
they're all getting ready
gotta go they gotta catch their plane we
gotta go catch the bus Valentines boxes
backpacks coats let's go out to the Jeep
come on mommy come on Eliza man we
decided to take the kids at school
instead of waiting for the bus why cuz
it's colder than ice cream sandwich out
there it's colder than a yetis toenail
it's colder than a penguins it's colder
than a rubber tire it's colder than a
well it's just cold oh that was that's a
good time at the doctor's at woman I'll
tell you what every time we go there
it's like so quick you go there than you
wait and you get in and out and it's
just like they tell you everything well
I guess we're kind of blessed to know
that everything's good baby's fine
progressing just as she said should she
now weighs 2 ounces over her birth
weight which is good it's just good
let's take a shower start my day and
maybe go hang out with somebody I gotta
get out of the house for once all right
guys thank you so much for watching I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
