good morning honey thanks for making
breakfast that's so cool except for the
fact that it's not morning it's like
6:30 p.m. I think if you saw my my last
vlog you'll know that I was up really
late last night well I didn't film I
should start filming that stuff when we
get up late but it's just so like at
3:00 in the morning when you got a
screaming baby in your face you don't
think hey let's capture this for the
vlog it's almost like I hate my life no
go to sleep these are the times that
really trip try your patience when
you've got a screaming baby in your face
at 3:00 a.m. and you've had no sleep
well whore Veronica's got bags under her
eyes from the sleepless night we need to
we need to send you to a spa get the
whole cucumber thing that you see on TV
consecutive hours of sleep yeah probably
doing well yeah yeah well sorry we're
starting so late today we tried to catch
up on some sleep and don't worry we're
look we're eating breakfast for dinner
to give the illusion that we're you know
fresh and you're still gonna get to see
the boys we're gonna do their
Valentine's box right after we eat what
do you think
I mean honestly who normally has
breakfast for dinner and I'll tell you
the Gilroy's have breakfast for dinner
because what part of having pancakes and
sausage and bacon anytime of the day
isn't the best meal choice all right
guys it's time to do the boys this
Valentine's box and let me show you
first what we're doing somewhere over
here I'll show you
this is gonna be Colin's box he wants to
do the shark the shark basically has a
big hole cut out with the white teeth
pretty simple and the Carson wants to do
something like
this which is like a Minecraft looks
like the grass block and he wants to
have these little paper minecraft guys
on it so what we're gonna do now is
we've got these printouts of like these
minecraft guys and then that's a little
grass block zombie so they're gonna cut
those out and get them all glued
together and me and Colin's going to
work with covering his box with the grey
construction paper and to do the holes
for the cutout for the mouth and we also
have to cut cardboard for the fins let's
get started
no I'll cut out and fold it and then I
just I'm gonna put glue on these little
tabs and then I should all stick
together and look that's so cool
that's pretty cool Carson yeah I'll call
on over here cutting the teeth for his
shark those would go around the mouth
right whoops how did that explain us
everyone how you're gonna do it I'm
gonna use this as a stencil I'm gonna
put it down trace it then snip snip snip
it out
okay so Colin's box needs fins and the
only way that we can do that to make a
sturdy fin is by using some old box
right we're just gonna cut these flaps
off of here and then make fins out of
that old cardboard now we need to attach
our shark fin to the box so what we're
gonna do is position it about the little
bit ways towards the center and then
we'll make a line in the box
and then we're gonna use a knife make
sure if you're if you're doing this
without mom and dad make sure you get
them to help you with this part this
just push it through just like that
whoops now along this same line from the
dorsal fin we're gonna go right around
the side of the box put the head of
these pectoral fins the same way we did
the top now are the teeth yeah but we
got to make the mouth so we're gonna
make the mouth up here like this
and we're gonna save some room in the
corners for his eyes no we're gonna make
the mouth down low you want it like this
that's fine no I swear these hallways
okay oh my gosh so now that we've got
everything cut all we need to do is
cover it with construction paper are you
doing on cutting out some minecraft
stuff they're gonna steep it in grass
blocks
looks awesome yeah very TV's cutting out
all the different parts is probably
what's gonna take you the longest so
take your fins off and use a glue stick
to attach blue pieces of card
construction paper to your food we are
just now getting ready well my dad is
pretty much an artist yeah an artist
hi sharks and mom an artist
we're gonna put together yeah how's the
first artist
she's a Steve artist I'm a shark yeah
it's get closer now that we've got
everything covered with the shark
colored construction paper now we got to
do the teeth in the mouth so what we're
gonna do is we're gonna glue or tape the
teeth and Colin only wanted six so we're
gonna tape the teeth on the inside like
this um you know color the blood on the
teeth in there there's always got to be
blood on the TV in the third one whoops
No
hi-yah
all right he's getting there
pretty cool right look good this guy's
pretty much done except for we need to
cut out some black eyebrows and some
white eyes and some black eyes all right
red eyes and boom there it is the
Valentine's shark box what do you think
Colin it's awesome but last tape you
think we should tape it you don't want
to be able to get in that way there's
only three sheets of paper I don't think
we have enough to cover this whole box
it's shortage that's what it is it's not
garbage in shortage what is this cabbage
I'll tell you what this cabbage is the
scavengers we've got short paper Abbi is
that it we're gonna have to go back to
Staples and get more of this and a solid
sheet two sheets that has just this
green pattern for the very top I think
that'll do it and we've reached up we've
reached 9 p.m. so it's bedtime
I'll check on the zombie tomorrow okay
okay good night yeah Carson everyone
good night
hey hey I'm sorry we didn't get to
finish your box we'll get it tomorrow I
promise okay no but we'll get it I
promise everyone I see recently a lot of
people comment that her eyes are
cross-eyed but maybe they are but it's
only because they're motor skills their
eye muscles still aren't fully developed
they can't see what more than six inches
in front of their face yeah so she only
gets to see like shapes and stuff she
can't really make out everything or
focus like I see I can see her when I go
like she goes a little weird sometimes
but it's because she's trying to use the
muscles in her eyes to focus but don't
get stronger huh don't get stronger
yeah check this out look what I'm
working on I'm trying to make a new
gilroy how to's and reviews intro beat
this boy yeah so I'm trying to animate
cameras so that they follow the text at
this point what I would do
tutorial on this but I'm actually still
learning myself and I'm just piecing
this together by what I know how to use
the program so I'm like man I know that
I can make text move from this point to
this point but then I started adding
like a directional blur and then ease
the motion so that it slowly ramps up to
its final value and then slowly stops
all right I'll get to show you I I'll
save this file and then show you guys
how I did it but I'm still trying to
work out the kinks and then I gotta add
music and then retype everything to the
music tell me what you think
I need some sound but and it's short but
that's what an intro should be here we
go
boom and then fade to black cutscene
whatever good like it you like it I know
it's so exciting huh
it's getting late guys but I wanted to
take a second to give you guys a couple
updates number one just for your
information I did fully clean out
Fluffy's litter box and I used bleach
you know soaked it got everything
cleaned out wiped out rinse with fresh
water so he's got a fresh clean litter
box I got in the mail yesterday a cool
new toy that I can't wait to try out and
it comes to us from my friends at Garmin
so this is garmin's action camera
basically it's called the verb and this
is like almost like one of those
fitbit's it's like a tracker tracks your
activity and stuff
but it also connects to that right I'm
telling you I'm super stoked to try this
thing out and I got a second one that I
just I don't know what to do with it
maybe you guys could leave your best
suggestion in the comments below I'd be
interested to see what you come up with
alright guys that's it for me today
thank you so much for watching and I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
