so I was telling Colin
I was telling Colin about this natural
spring that I know of because he was
telling me a story about how out at my
buddy Scott he knows of this place where
they can get really yummy water and
there's no streams at Scotty's so Colin
telling me if he was drinking water
still water that he found in the wood
and I was like Colin I know tapeworm
parasites basically you you can't drink
like standing water out in the woods so
I wanted to try and make this point by
bringing them to a spring with actual
running water I know this seems to look
like it's coming out of an old rusty
pipe but people have been sourcing
drinking water out of this spring or as
long as I can remember I have drank so
much of this water never got thick so I
thought it would be cool to show you a
spring okay where you can get good water
you go to to try some you can try some
of that
II that's good we they did good water
don't go too crazy see this jug was here
when I got here and it's like people all
over here come here to get their water
because it's natural spring water it's
nice
so can we consider this lesson learned
very bad for your health to drink
standing water found out in the
wilderness okay and the only exception
would be is if you found that water and
then boiled it I think don't take my
word on it find yourself like a survival
guide on how to prepare water that you
find in the wood but yeah so welcome to
the vlog today guys we're going to spend
today over at Scott Lindsey's some that
you like that bench but I had to stop
here and show the kids this you're gonna
go down there
it's all wet dude you can't go down
there it's all water
I'm a parkour master okay oh my god I
just realized my tongue is blue as you
may have just seen there in the rear
view mirror we're trying to run away
from a storm it's been amazing all day
84 degrees I saw this peak 84 degrees
and now we're chasing thunderstorms
I've been trying to find mushrooms this
year like I'm determined to teach you
guys mushroom hunt with me right Scott
back here we have Arab national never
knowledge
just joking just joking
wait did you say you found one oh no why
do
Oh there's one in person this is the
mushroom that we've been looking for
what for like five years for five years
this is the only rule you think it'd be
a lot bigger by now mirela marae morale
morale morale dude dude you have got a
half-full mosquito sucking your blood
run whoa whoa oh you just broke his
needle off in your friggin head as long
as he's not there now there's a mushroom
look at that
finally one in the wild boom there it is
this is still
well I did because I found that one his
self fine self
dude there's like a bug on it yeah
that's why you still come in for slugs
buggies all right let's go usually where
there's one there's more you own it
what oh what an interesting thing guys
look at that look how crazy that is
crazy over these things these things
like $100 a pound or something they're
pretty close
I'm not sure exactly but because this
one it's just one just one is just one
good eat actually I found another one
down there
look at these Blaine here's another
alien plan look at that firm dude oh
that's a fern okay so that eventually
becomes what what
okay I'm pretty excited to show up
fine's got in the wood three mushrooms
oh yes please hmm hungry
you got pizza lightly
oh not y'all like that part
there's Vanessa basil hi hi sweetie
did you know how much I missed you today
a lot like a whole lot likes you too
this much good data
hey smell
we need a bigger boat
okay sure you just let them soak for
like what day today and then you bread
them up with flour and silk and then
Brian I am in the pan the person you
have never eaten I like an apprentice
everybody said that they're delicious
but I've been I'm not a big mushroom fan
and I'm willing to find some product I
don't want to take yours if you work so
hard to find it I'm gonna poo
I'll work we're going to find some more
apparently next week ish and the next
two weeks
that's gonna find us before you know
it's literally nine o'clock men 20 boom
we got to get home right Liza typer bed
Johnny see you tomorrow sir seally
tomorrow night would you still have just
enough Sun especially in you look at
that eh what's the show maverick show
them everything we got going on here
virgin yeah socket patties yeah eggs we
have sister yeah that problem for you
over here
oh yeah and we also have you can't
forget about the bacon everyone free so
when we shown that baked and that's like
that's how we make the bacon
yeah you can't forget about the bacon Oh
Sheldon the eggs no Sheldon eh look at
those egg drawn for the one-handed open
Oh
oh it's breaking I'm trying everything
is up all right person it's your turn
now to do the whiskey I want you to
whisk you know yeah absolutely maxed out
of those eggs damn Beckett all going man
so basically yesterday was a very fun
day finally catching muffins and I
promised you this coming very soon we
will actually prepare and taste some of
these mushrooms but we have to go and
find more than only three dozen really
that's not a whole lot so we're going to
eat some breakfast we are going to go
out and capture some more mushrooms so
we can make a taste video for you guys
I'm excited you're going to eat some of
these morel mushrooms yeah I'm going to
look they look like great so leave the
motion eyes and you're like what if it
makes you smarter
know that we may call a super machine
it's super mushroom super mario super
mushroom
I don't know that's all for us today
guys I want to say thank you so much for
watching it we can't wait to see you
right back here
