good day to all of you starting our day
movement and I get the kids off the bus
you know this week is Valentine's Day
so you better be thinking about those
special women in your life flowers
chocolates something handmade whatever
but you met him
don't forget them nothing bad for you
I'll be back love you stay put hi boys
Drako Valentine's shopping Valentine's
shopping sound good sure boy you see
this big bag right here means today just
turned into a full-on do yourself
Valentine's crafts day seriously
it seriously and I got the hiccups oh
boy Oh
Veronica's always been really big into
like scrapbooking and stuff like that
she has this thing called a cricket
which is like a die cutter cuts out like
letters and stuff this really cool thing
blah blah blah you put paper in there
and then this little blade cuts it
depending on the cartridge that you have
inside and so that's spongebob so for
Colin he wants to make a shark
Valentine's Bob a shark Valentine's box
wait on the teeth with what on the teeth
and we got a we got to come up with some
creative Valentine homemade Valentines
for him to put in there no no don't take
all that stuff out don't take all that
stuff up please Veronica found on
Pinterest these little Valentine ideas
where you take a shark and then you cut
it in half and glue it to with clothes
pins clothes pins and then you open the
clothespin and put like sweet sweet of
fish in the mouth any close close been
simple right so we're gonna do all of
this cricut stuff for that little shark
right there mm-hmm you can't see it but
there's a shark
alright I got a list I got a sidekick
you're going with me right get your
shoes on we got some Valentine's
shopping to do first stop is staples so
we can get all the paper minecraft stuff
printed for Carson's minecraft box let's
do it alright we got what you need yeah
we're folding the paper minecraft guys
I'm sure that's gonna be easy
it'll be broke down I don't know where
it is we got the old Walmart I know you
can find anything you need at Walmart
and anybody look at all this candy candy
candy you know what I might have to get
some of this candy for my wife what do
you think mommy would like carson
chocolate i think she loves some
chocolate
yeah this is all normal stuff where's
the good stuff I want I want the like
top-of-the-line good chocolate that's
what I'm looking for Swedish Fish
because thanks dad
this is the greatest candy in the whole
wide world we tried to get everything
else and we need it at Walmart but they
did not have construction paper or card
stuff and that's the last thing that we
need so when you need crafty stuff and
Walmart doesn't have it there's only one
other place you can go that's the local
Hobby Lobby you push my buck give me a
butt punch what do you say we're gonna
do it dang man see we went and took so
long getting everything look it's 8
o'clock now Carson why'd you do that I
did a bummer we couldn't get to your
guys Valentine's boxes are you gonna be
mad at me don't be mad at me
please Carson are you gonna be mad at me
oh I'm defeated
you guys are too old to be watching Dora
Dora the explora don't you think oh you
know what I just remembered
I was so excited earlier I can't believe
I didn't say anything I made a phone
call this afternoon to a little place
called the vet and that guy has an
appointment to get his nuts chopped off
best hundred bucks I ever spent my life
saved by by too fluffy the cojones baby
still asleep yeah she's already used to
the noise from when she was in my belly
because there's never quiet at that
moment around here he's always
good time innovated time it on the bed
time in time it can go bad fast you
can't super stealth mode so when I was
at the store I came across this little
gym is that the biggest biggest thing
you've ever seen in your life
I love a rice krispie treat let me tell
you what I thought of getting this for
only one reason and if you follow me on
instagram you'll see why it's a chase
gilroy go have a look I mean if you're
talking for you down
okay tell him how bad last night was a
long night it wasn't too bad for her
because I took here's what happened we
went upstairs I told you the other day
we were gonna go upstairs and sleep in
our own bed for the first time and we
still hadn't done it yet but last night
we were we did it Veronica went upstairs
upstairs yep
she made the climb it was perfect we
went upstairs and Eliza wasn't happening
she threw a fit and screamed bloody
murder and there was nothing we could do
the diaper changes the feeding the
holding and rocking I even took the
swing upstairs and she wasn't having
that either I grabbed up the baby he
came downstairs and sat with her in the
rocking chair until I fell asleep
Veronica passed out in bed which I'm
hoping that was it was just wonderful
and I wake up this morning - Veronica
squeezing my toe on the chair honey the
kids a good school so she's ready for
more all right guys I'm gonna try and
catch up on maybe get a little nap and
recover from being up so late loss of
sleep that's all I got for you today
thank you so much for watching I can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
