what's up there the boys just coming
from school
I know I'm getting a late start I've
been trying to get this website off you
guys you're gonna be super excited for
that what what are you doing giving me a
drink
ah all right hold that oh but the boys
just said someone messed up your room
right yeah yeah and I'm compacting I'm
calling back you're gonna call him hey
tell me you come over and clean it up
yeah all right we're gonna call him all
right here we go
you better tell them it's on speaker
Umberto what if he doesn't answer so
pick up pick up pick up
what does it say farmer cuz that's the
last name of that guy
he's not gonna pick up he knows he knows
why we're calling hey it's not available
better leave message hey can you you and
Becca need to come over and clean our
room up now immediately straight away
Bronto and no butts no cups and no
coconuts ha ha ha I'm asking Carson what
he's gonna be when he grows up
what are you gonna be a scientist you're
gonna be a scientist yep
really yeah Hey what are you gonna be
calling when you throw let's cut a
policeman you're gonna be a policeman
yeah really
mm-hmm wait only what a scientist okay
I like scientists and you're gonna like
bust bad guys and stuff and stop crying
yeah like Batman not like Batman oh yeah
babby on good well you don't just go
around shooting up the place you know I
know it's his Ami's there's no zombies
cops don't kill zombies mm-hmm only
superheroes kill zombies and plants kill
zombies Nana just pulled in I'm gonna
scare the poop out of her ready hey stay
right here you have to be the decoy
wait
you did no games
yes see you may think these guys play
too much games but it doesn't really
matter why because my kids are freaking
smart Colin tell them what you brought
home today
and honor rah is here we'll just we'll
just show you we'll just show you
it's pretty awesome actually Colin
Gilroy honor roll all A's and B's the
second nine weeks heck yeah dude high
five high five times five high five
times five oh five right yeah do the
dance do the day do the honor roll dance
on a roll dance it's the honor roll
dance dance dance on a roll dance yeah
that's the unrolled dance
Veronica goes I think Eliza wants to
hang out with you and then follows with
a she's definitely got a dirty diaper is
that all I'm good for is the diaper
changer no no no put you're the best
I better hand hmm huh and it's a full
one I can't help it either way she's too
darn cute I'm big girl hey hi big girl
say hi say hello
hmm I'll take her only because I
absolutely love her why don't you talk
to her ask her questions see if she
knows the answers what are you doing
what are you doing uh I'm just hanging
out
what do you do now uh-huh just looking
around
look at Matt Carson Oh bless me oh thank
you now look at me don't you agree you
know you're talking nah ah here's a
protip for you those swings right
they're super super useful because for
the first few nights eliza wouldn't fall
asleep unless someone was holding her so
and you can imagine how hard it is
you're not supposed to sleep with a
newborn bag it's very dangerous you
could suffocate them and so when you
think you're about to sleep you have to
put the baby down to rest and you have
to put her in a safe place so the swing
still gives her movement which she loves
and is safe enough for her to be to
sleep and here's another little tip get
rechargeable batteries I haven't seen a
swing like that that plugs into the wall
so they run on D batteries and you can
spend a fortune on batteries so by
rechargeable I know they're expensive of
her at first but it's worth it in the
long run and dude you're a pro Colin
just scooped her up the way he should
with his hand behind her neck and good
working man that's the big brother I
like it I like it
high fives you're awesome dude can you
pick her up like that really well play
Minecraft with us I think we should play
Halo if allies old lettuce I just got
really excited you guys I think it was
around Christmastime I showed you Branca
stepdad Jay makes this stuff right it's
called
he calls it ever butter but it's
essentially like a mustard spicy which
is so good with pretzels
we've got fresh bragger pretzel chips
and this ooh mmm
Colin Carson bedtime last one upstairs
is a hard-boiled egg Oh guys your room
or come on guys you went wrong with your
room
oh that's right I remember PJ never
called us back by the lab you're gonna
have to call him again and leave voice
mail good night sleep tight don't let
the bedbugs bite
Oh can I just make you but guys whoopee
guess who got so much sleep that we
overslept the bus stop this morning it
happens it happens
but you guys got a little extra time
before school they feel about that
so I'm starting my day some eggs a cup
of coffee got the kids to the school I
don't even know what happened I just
woke up and it was like boom we're half
an hour behind it happens yeah I'm
working on something really big it's
bigger than just the t-shirts but I'll
explain that more when that comes closer
to reveal it's going to be super awesome
so thank you guys so much for watching I
got to get back to work and I suppose
I'll see you right back here tomorrow
