what's up everybody kind of a late start
today heck of a late start it's like for
it's for something already
my girls are sleeping ah she's waking my
boys are home drunk is asleep but don't
worry just because we got a late start
doesn't mean I can't shove a whole heck
of a lot of Gilroy in your face today
ain't that right yeah but too soon this
girl's waking up want to see you tell
you today's challenge was editing this
vlog this because of the omegle session
and how I shot it I had to do some post
synchronization for two different shots
and I haven't done that yet and premiere
and I'll tell you what I learned all
about nesting and synchronizing and
premiere and how to use like sequences
you can nest sequences so like I could
work on a sequence inside another
sequence I don't know it's a lot of
technical talk but let me just say the
vlog was challenging and that's why I
went up so late
so there you have it Oh Matt's
apparently fluffy gave up on his litter
box
ah and I smelled something down in the
basement and I said that's not right
that's not right
so I look and I find cat pee and poo in
the crawl space of my basement now what
I got to do is got my gloves on and my
mask and clean it up
strike two fluffy one more and I gotcha
he just made the boys cry call ins grind
you gotta learn I'm gonna get him so
rarely will you ever see me get angry
right now I'm angry apparently the cat
for some time now it's been climbing up
into this crawl space and you see where
the insulation meets the ground it kind
of skirts to the ground
all the way around all the way around
the cat has been doing his business in
my basement and I didn't smell it until
now and I thought it was the cat box but
the cat box hasn't changed for a couple
days I've been down here working and do
something you know making this workbench
and I just noticed that the cat box had
not changed and the smell was getting
worse so I come up here because I saw
fluffy up here I came here to
investigate and I pretty much confirmed
my suspicions I'm not gonna let this cat
win the boys I said let's get rid of it
I want to get rid of him a Colin and
Carson will not let me and so I'm going
to win I'm going to find a way to close
off this area so that the cat cannot
pass and the only viable way that I can
think of to close off this area is to
take some kind of rod curtain rod from
one end of that concrete to the other
and hang something from it like some
fabric or something that the cat can't
easily jump up here I thought about an
electric fence but go and let him do
that
I've already went through here and taken
out all of the insulation that lines
bottom skirt the only thing that I can
do now is spray it with bleach and then
work on closing off this area dude
unfortunately it's Sunday evening and
everything's closed so I gotta kind of
get crafty so what I'm gonna do is take
this I have some conduit pipe leftover
it's big enough to go across that I have
this carpet remnant I'm going to hang
this pipe from that opening and then
with this micro cord I'm gonna tie the
carpet up to that pole so there's no way
that that cat can get in there if he
does I'm gonna shoot him
boom makeshift wall MacGyver out of rugs
oh very quick alternative I'm gonna need
to get some wood and some door latches
and stuff so I can close this off and
then have doors to open it but she ain't
getting back there again I don't know
about you but whenever I mess with that
kind of insulation it makes me super
super itchy like bad and so I had to
take a shower and put on the new I only
have two of these shirts so I had to put
on my other one because I'm shooting
photos for the store tonight
and I don't know if it'll be up by the
time you're watching this but it will be
very soon all right boys you can't watch
the show and it's your bedtime anyway so
let's roll tell mommy good night and
baby Liza give her kisses give her
lovely kisses all the loves give me your
best zombie impression walking up the
stairs do it here's my zombies it's
zombie night everyone good night taking
million cars in oh my god here it is I'm
so excited
we can't share Veronica she's
breastfeeding but aren't you excited
look at that poor squishy face you're
killing that girl oh hi sweetheart
I'll tell you what I've never been so
disappointed with a Walking Dead mid
series premiere midseason premiere
man I can't spoil it for you guys but we
lost a good one tonight check it out
Eliza still has her and belkin hoard
some of it is still attached and in my
head I just I just referred to it as
like you buy a new shirt but you don't
take the tag off Belka Ford but what
time it is unfortunately I have to do
this by myself cuz I don't have any
photographer friends around but so you
got this guy for it's a little remote
it's so handy well I got to do is click
two seconds later takes a photo so I'm
taking black shirts the grey shirts
and the redshirts and hopefully I can
get this up I'm gonna say hopefully by
Wednesday Wednesday you guys should be
able to start ordering shirts and I'm
pretty pumped I'm so excited I don't
know which one I would have to say is my
favorite I think I think I like the red
one it's a toss-up for me between the
red one and the black one I like to wear
black for some reason but I'm telling
you what guys having a setup like this
in your basement is so beneficial I mean
it really doesn't cost that much for the
camera to lights and then if you're any
good at if you're so that's about it
that's everything that I needed to
accomplish for today except for making
the actual website so what I'm gonna do
now is take the rest of the evening and
go upstairs and sit on my laptop and do
a bunch of designing for a website that
part's really tees so I can't bear to
drag you along for that so I guess I
guess that's the end of the line for
today guys hey thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
