the new pin gets the first egg right now
you see how this egg it's all oddly
shaped and stuff I'm gonna teach you a
kitchen breakfast life hack to make
perfectly round eggs with something that
you may have in your house already let's
say you wanted a perfectly round egg
patty for your egg sandwiches but you
don't know how to make a perfectly round
egg patty without something extra find
yourself a mason jar take the lid off
and use this ring place it right in the
pan add your egg mix it up pepper Hill
and boom just like that you're gonna
have a perfectly preformed round egg
patty for your egg sandwiches you can
actually trim off this outside stuff if
you get some egg that goes down so easy
sucker cooks for a minute take off your
form flip your egg ah obviously you'll
be able to flip your egg better with
your dominant hand without having a
camera in it but you get the idea
perfectly round cheese to go on top go
ahead and put that on there once you
flip it go and check that out
there's our egg perfectly round
perfectly awesome
boom just like that examine are you guys
excited yeah
where you going but where where are you
going tell everyone where you're going
to the train place there's a train job
it's Expo right yeah like a train Expo
because they love trains and her grandpa
loves trains Veronica's dad has an
actual like model set with the table and
little towns and buildings and all that
right no I want you I want that oh I'm
gonna miss you guys I wish you were here
with me why don't you just stay can I
convince you to say yeah we could go
over baby cookies oh well she baking a
dozen for me well let's just see what
happens
daddy loves you love you love you I'll
miss you too have fun at the train
expell okay the Grammys Grammys taking a
camera weather so we'll be able to check
in on the boys just a visual though
right just visual see what you're doing
have fun
Thea yes they're gone honey pull out the
booze let's get the music going
every let's fire this up let's go
breastfeeding we told you in a previous
vlog that we would hop on omegle today
at 1:00 p.m. to talk to you guys about
when is the best time to have a baby
I do read all the comments and it
honestly it scared me it scared me to
think that some of you believe it's okay
to have a baby when you're 15 just
because maybe watching us and and the
experience of having a baby was so so
great but it's not all that great
sometimes it's hard work it's a lot of
hard work and you have to be committed
so let's go on omegle right now you know
today we're talking about particular
topic which is when do you think it's
right to have a baby what are your
thoughts I would tend I would tend to
agree yeah well to be honest when we had
our first child Collin we weren't
married when we had him but I feel like
you in a way where I feel like we should
have been married so before we left the
hospital when we had Collin is when I
proposed to her had to get the little
one had to get the little one when is
the right time to have a baby that's a
good point I was hoping someone will
bring that up yeah you have to be able
to pay for the baby because I mean let's
face it she's already gone through
pretty much a pack of diapers and a
whole pack and a half a wipes I think
yeah and one box of diapers bro is 25
bucks it's expensive and then if if the
mom isn't breastfeeding you have to buy
formula right and formula is about 20
bucks a can pack and play bassinet
yeah everything babies so expensive when
should we have babies what do you think
that's a good point yeah because having
a baby kind of keeps you from doing
those things and let's say for instance
I started YouTube after I had kids and I
mean let's be honest I could have done a
lot more and having kid I mean Veronica
god bless her she kind of holds down the
fort while I'm out traveling and filming
and stuff like that and not everyone
will have that you know we have a
special kind of a special thing and yeah
not a lot of people have this so that's
a good point
you should definitely kind of tackle
career decisions get yourself on the
right path and and then think about
having kids because once you do you it
definitely limits you it's a really good
point
oh really
are married or engaged or something like
that
Justin's warning Justin tell me what you
think what is your opinion on when
someone should have a baby when is
someone ready to have a baby
that's a good point you you should
definitely want to be in a good location
like you you wouldn't want to move from
place to place when you start having
kids yeah for sure it's when do you
think the time is right to have a baby
oh you think oh you're you're putting it
in a particular month you think the best
time to have a baby is in August hey how
you doing very good thank you for asking
I felt like it was my obligation to talk
to you guys about when it is when is the
best time to have a baby what are your
thoughts mid-20s yeah yeah yeah everyone
should wait until they're at least I
don't know 20 pretty much because you
need at least up to that point to decide
what you want to do get started in your
career you need to be able to have a job
that secures you financially to be able
to support that baby you know and I
don't think that that can happen until
you're about 20 years old
well I'm sure in Australia the holidays
right so December in Australia is
probably fairly warm but December in
Ohio very cold very cool thank you wait
that's perfect yeah that's a perfect
idea and and it's very true because I've
said it before babies are expensive and
there's a lot of things that baby needs
it's gonna cost you money so you're
right Sam you have to be able to be able
to you have to be able to afford to have
a baby that's a very good point it's a
very good point why do you think that is
no that's a very good point and you hit
it right on the head because you owe it
to your child to you know Mom and Dad
has to be there you know we see it so
much these days where the parents aren't
together they're divorced and then the
kid has to go spend the weekend with mom
and then yeah they go to dad and they go
back to fourth so I think it makes for
makes for it's probably a hard life I
couldn't I couldn't speak on it exactly
because you know my my parents have been
together since I was a baby but it's
gotta be so hard yeah Veronica's parents
were divorced it was it was hard having
to go see my dad every other weekend and
then you know just back and forth and I
love my parents just the same no matter
what but it was hard
this yeah yeah so you want to make sure
that you have it with someone that you
you can't live without yeah that's good
points yes
like I girl I've ever loved each other
and it was such a great child so at
night I want you today and I see your
kids and that's like bringing a child
into
oh I love you oh good points man I like
that and like this the omegle session
was awesome that was a really good way
to incorporate omegle in in a way that
we can communicate with you guys and
pull our opinions you know in kind of
debate about stuff oh thanks to you that
was a lot of fun if you guys joined us
thank you so much for talking with us it
was it was a really good experience and
I hope you liked you know what came out
of it which was I think that we learned
and we didn't get to talk to a lot of
people but the consensus is pretty much
that people understand you've got a
you've got to have a solid relationship
you got to be financially stable and you
have to have you know a good place to
live you know for yourself and your baby
oh I know I'm hungry I think it's time
for some leftover pizza and actually you
guys I sent a camera with Kathy to show
you how much fun the boys were having at
the train Expo so I think while I grab a
bite to eat we uh why don't you check
out what the boys are up to
so happy she is all the time all the
time happy except for when she has a
dirty butt or wants to eat and she's
bored otherwise she's pretty kosher man
like this mm-hmm so it looks like the
boys had fun at the train Expo I wish we
could have been there with them but
mommy still can't go out and we gotta
keep this little girl seen all right
guys that's all I've got for you today
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
