I'm making my coffee to go this morning
because it's project day showed you the
sketch it was yesterday's video I was
working on is it essentially it's a
workbench I'm gonna use for doing tech
reviews for my how-to channel so I'm
gonna take my cup of coffee with me my
buddy Scott showed up he's gonna help us
out today we're gonna meet Seth at
Lowe's and gather the materials that we
need so be prepared to learn something
what up Seth II yeah since been here
scouting up some materials for me here's
our tabletop surface it's pretty cool
would you believe that this little thin
piece is the most expensive part of my
table the wood piece of plywood here ah
and what do you call this a knife
laminate we're gonna build a badass
table I'll show you guys how to build
it's technically a work bench with a
fancy top ready all right it's got let's
do it
Seth is actually trying to teach Elijah
some some drafting or something or
something it just looks like lines and
numbers to me you scribbly of course
when you when you start a project you
need to make sure that all your
measurements Christ so you know how to
cut each piece and it really is the best
workflow so you can get all your cuts
done and your pieces labeled so really
want to when we go down into the
basement we already have every piece
that we need cut we just have to put it
together glue it right that's how it
works right you're the experts I mean
ish yeah basically what I'm gonna do is
make frame for this piece of drywall
right the drywall is as big as that
plywood and it's going to hang by chains
for my background so I can pay my wall
any color change it up sometimes maybe
leave it why I don't know we're gonna
build this workbench
nice top so that I can do reviews and
stuff he's so awesome but we're just
gonna lay our frame out pre-drill some
holes in the corners and then we'll
bring the sheet of drywall down here lay
it right on top of it and then tack it
to our frame some people would say why
don't you just use a green-screen this
twice as cool as a green screen three
times
oh yeah another half turn looking
perfect
yeah yeah fine was last time soon pair
legs like that legs
yeah baby look at this is coming
together man look at this table this
isn't gonna be the set man
rough cow when you see the video you're
gonna be like dang it looks good that
sounds awesome
it's all things so I build it Seth was
the man seth has a youtube channel too
if he does blogs and stuff and you want
to learn how to build stuff right what's
the channel name that's all so if you go
to you just type in the search bar what
you get to youtube the son Seth muscle
or the I'm so I'm so awesome you just
put stuff let's what comes up yeah I
mean you're gonna learn some serious
handyman how-to type stuff watching him
and he's got kids like a million of them
it is Mary that's the surface that's the
tabletop presentable right awesome dude
when you don't have a caulking gun get a
little creative with the hammer you
using as a plunger huh yeah let's see
work that's beautiful dude nice oh no
you broke it Oh
there it is guys we got got to tape it
down the edges so they stick to you know
the glue sticks and it stays nice and
tight and just for safety we're actually
gonna take this backdrop walks it's
really heavy
and lay it down on top like a press we
use the old carpet from upstairs to put
down here on the floor I got that dry in
its Dundee and the acoustics aren't so
echoey down here that's cool right set
dude thank you so much man yeah yeah
probably helped I really appreciate a
problem and you too Scott
thank you dude we finished just in time
to get the kids off the bus it's time to
get the kids come on let's check it out
so cool look what we built it's
basically just a table it's like a
workbench and this is a wall
it's got drywall on it just like the
walls upstairs and we hang it from up
there on those hooks see the hooks
pretty cool huh
yeah it's cool its footing looks like
the shape of the plank but look under
see how it's got the surface on the
table yeah yeah looks like the earth
it's like there what do you think about
it Friday night pizza night yeah and
then what if I rented a video game that
you guys have never played before what
do you think
I'd rather root like spongebob you pants
it's just like onedrive clearance
spongebob here Oh pants okay only girls
and will sees play that game boys play
it to know ahead to stuff at the store
and get fluffy some food and I want to
show you guys tomorrow morning I'm gonna
make you guys some eggs I'm gonna show
you this life hack that I figured out
this morning that blew my mind so I need
to get a new pin because I was just
trying to crap this one's awesome we're
trying out a new pizza joint tonight
this one's called Christie's pizza
Christie's I used to work at a
Christie's but not this one this one's
spelt different boys
Pizza time yeah yeah yeah Pizza time I
hope it's good I waited off a long time
for this Oh grandma's leaving Texas
Roadhouse from this fine lady right here
she can't have the pizza because the
pizza sauce is too acidic and will cause
that little girl to God bonkers yeah one
thing's for sure they love putting
cheese on their pizzas that's a heck of
a lot of cheese on a pizza but who's
complaining not me are you complaining
nope are you complaining when we were in
the hospital right before we left like
the day before we left they send in a
photographer to come in and do photos
with the baby it's called like mom 365
or something here's the one that they
sent
all right I think it's safe to say the
boys pretty much took over game night
briefly Lego Marvel superheroes game
night and pizza night is over did you
have fun
yep yeah you guys pretty much played all
the games you got to do from Lego Marvel
superheroes good night good night good
night like everyone is asleep except for
me my whole family's asleep now
I shouldn't be any different for myself
so I think we've had enough fun for
today and this is where it ends
duty calls
thank you guys so much for watching
let's see you right back here
