you ready today baby has her very first
pediatrician appointment she's gotta
start her track record of medical
history for herself Oh baby home Liza
she look so cozy oh this is this is the
doctor's appointment where they used
this bad boy pull off some of Aronica
staples I think I'll spare you and
Veronica the indignity of seeing that
it's actually rather easy but let's just
not over expose her poor belly too much
you feel me
there's some staples in there hmm
crazy you just just said serious goes
like he's cutting them with scissors but
they just kind of go from this to like
hurt and open up it's pretty crazy
then hurt at all hmm you guys know
driving no lifting take it extra easy
you don't want that thing to open up
cousin Lydia tickle the stables all just
let it heal from the inside out
oh my god yeah bad news all right on to
the next one so we had a doctor's
appointment Veronica's hungry there's
only one place that we would go to eat
after
it's the Timmy hos Porter on his car
sick so sick I'm sorry love sorry love
I'm so sorry
this way we don't have to hear it in the
comments about flogging while driving Oh
going I was just thinking about the baby
and the kids and the timing of it all
like how cool would it be if you already
have kids to plan having a new kid
during the summer time because now the
boys only get to see the baby like
briefly in the morning and then by the
time they come home from school they
just have to eat dinner and do homework
and get ready for bed and do it all over
again that's just another thing just
thinking
there we go second dogs appointment down
I don't think we needed him to tell us
that she's doing great because we know
that she's doing raised chicken six
pounds 14 ounces proud mama good she's a
perfect baby she's like an angel
look her wings can you see him it's
crazy how in one day's time our house
can go over really clean - pretty pretty
cluttered so I need to get this cleaned
up real quick and then we're gonna play
with the boys a little bit an Eliza
maybe I should introduce her to her new
room I think that's what we should do
hang out with Eliza yeah you get some
floor time for time she's looking at you
for sure she's like who's that handsome
Carson who's my brother he's smaller
than me I'm bigger yeah I know look at
your feet just look at your feet
compared her feet look at these feet
look at these little feet my favor
look these are feet Oh
bless you
you're the cutest girl I ever saw other
than your mom of course it's so cool to
just sit here and watch her she's so
little like this is the beginning of
life this is where life began for every
one of you you were all this level and
your parents looked at you the way that
I look at her like wow you know and then
you grew up and became teenagers and
started cursing at them and throwing
your stuff all around the house telling
them how much you hate them
you should really you should really
appreciate what your parents have done
for you you know what I'm gonna ask you
to actually go to your mom or your dad
right now and tell them mom dad I
appreciate what you did for me thank you
and they'll probably cry my kids have a
good day at school
love you Colin I'll see you later so
after my last cup last night I'll tell
you what I I passed out I passed the
heck out
really I'm exhausted the baby has no
regular sleep schedule so she wakes up
constantly through the night even if
it's just a little sound I wake up until
I kind of used last night
to sleep as much as possible it's crazy
like when you have the opportunity to
sleep even if you know it's only for a
half hour you have to take it because
it's like it's like finding coins on the
beach you know every little bit adds up
so you have to get every every chance
you get you have to pick up that coin if
you want to buy beer you know I don't
think I have much for yesterday but
lucky for me me and Seth are actually
going to build something today which is
going to be super cool what I showed you
in the last will log on on the sketchpad
so that should be awesome
but you know it it is what it is
sometimes you have long vlogs sometimes
you have short ones all right guys
listen sorry about the short vlog today
that's all I got for you thank you so
much for watching and we'll see you
right back here tomorrow
