guys I just wanted to tell you I'll drop
the kids off the bus came home
Veronica's awake I'm gonna do what any
man should do for his wife I just had
her belly cut up and a serve a baby you
make her breakfast
we got waffles her favorite yogurt and
sugar dust and grapefruit I think she'll
be pleased awesome what do you think
you're welcome I'll go ahead and hold
her while you count down okay
I'm out there working on some stuff and
I had to take a break in hungry
turkey real turkey and cheese sandwich
and let me finish making the sandwich
and I'll show you guys what I'm working
on I think a couple things actually is
really really cool so here's a little
bit of what I've been working on check
out this I have this I made this mock-up
it's a quick little mock-up for an intro
idea clouds rise and then the Kilroy
dogs lit up boom pretty cool obviously
yeah you do see the Palm Pilot logo
because that's where I got the comp for
that clop clip but what do you think
cool
I'll put it I'll put the actual file in
in a clip right now
it doesn't have sound and we'll figure
that out but I think the idea is pretty
cool and then also I'm trying to make
like a setup for doing reviews for my
how to channel I want to kind of convert
it to a Gilroy how to's and reviews so
so for tech reviews like external
battery chargers anything kind of camera
gear all these different tutorials that
I have ideas for I figured I need to
have this physical space to do that kind
of stuff and this is what I want to
build so I want to build a tall table
that's like waist high and then have a
curved white whoops a curved white
background and I think it's that simple
like I wanna I'm gonna build that
between the rest of this week that's
what's gonna happen
you've got my call in who sup dude
Carson I missed you guys while you were
at school you know he doesn't know Colin
do you know who I am
I'm right here Who am I okay watch your
hands hurry watch your hands boys are
home from school and I promised them
that we will play games when they got
home you want to play games
hey what okay okay so we're playing
Minecraft I've been what I'm I've been
one play with them since we got home I
really feel like I haven't spent a whole
awful lot of time with them we're gonna
make sure we avoid that this is our
family this is our little family game
circle right here
me and Colin and Carson and we got
little eyes that right here she's just
watching she's gonna be the best gamer
on the whole internet right hey Dad I
always be furious destroyer that's why
your name is furious destroyer I could
seriously he seriously made that uh I'm
gonna be fluffy your name is fluffy yes
my name I just run the body's chest so
what's gonna be my name think of a cool
name for me my name should be you could
be Superman I like it I like it
Buffy's never seen a lives up close get
her fluffy go ahead huh you're safe
fluffy you don't want nothing to do with
you check out the houses that me and the
boys are building that's mean Carson's
house and over you see over here is
Collins house Castle is that your castle
Castle nice I mean I just know building
big stuff hey guys do you guys need a
ladder to the top yeah we do
thanks man you guys I'm so excited
Cathy just brought me can't you know
can't be drunk stem oh she just brought
the most awesome gift anyone could ever
bring ever anyone ever there it is look
at it isn't it beautiful it's wood it's
just wood no but seriously my couch it
sags really bad when you sit on it like
demonstrate PJ yeah you sink like you
think only her dad so I was like man
guys I gotta sleep on this couch it's
like really hurting my back and she was
like comes back 20-30 minutes later with
some wood how awesome is that
how freaking awesome is that thank you
so much so awesome let's install yes
that's good that's a good point
all right we doing a no Fredo
you know Fredo is it yummy yeah yeah it
was delicious
Lindsay fixed us dinner tonight and they
brought it to us
I'm Lindsay and I'm sorry I was young it
was just simple Oh bowtie pasta with
alfredo sauce breadsticks something
yummy the living room mount there's and
kind of chaos
Lindsay was holding Eliza and she filled
her diaper
she sharded a lot I guess she likes to
fill her diaper for other people who
don't smell bad
it hasn't really smelled daddy's got
this one okay yeah
utilizing your boobie cape we know
what's going on down there
hey eat your ice cream kids are having a
snack we have a we have a good little
little stint of time to hang out with
Scott and Lindsay it's always good to
see them it's good to have company right
yeah they actually brought us dinner
each day this week since we've been home
someone has brought dinner so that we
didn't have to cook which is a really
nice gesture thank you for that those of
you who have brought us dinner that's
really sweet so thank you and the boys
are catching up on a little snack for
bedtime
right yeah ready for school tomorrow
we're days tomorrow
once Thursday so how many days left of
the week hey to Thursday Friday yeah
it's actually snowing right now I don't
think it'll get too bad but they are
hoping for us no that's what I felt like
this morning look at her yeah quit
callin how would you like me to mess
with you while you're sleeping I've
never done that to anybody guys listen
honest did you have so much fun playing
Minecraft with me today yeah who did all
this it was only hmm well wasn't me
that's all I know I just wanna say that
I am really impressed with mr. fluffy
you wanna treat fluffy
ever since you've been home at the baby
home he hasn't he's really impressed me
I thought you'd be more interested in
the baby and trying to hit on the baby
but he's been good buddy you're doing
good we say you play fluffy
that's probably not for one night I just
had a brilliant idea and I think you're
gonna like this I'm switching through
comments reading the comments and stuff
and I'm thinking how cool would it be if
we had a debate about a certain topic
like for instance what is it right to
have a baby why don't we get on omegle
this Saturday at 1:00 p.m. Eastern make
sure you type in the interest Gilroy
vlogs I want your opinion what do you
think is the right time to have a baby
and let's debate let's have a debate a
discussion I think this is a good way to
use omegle to connect with each other
instead of just getting on there and
fangirl you know what I mean the topic
we're gonna talk about is when is it
right to have a baby so I want to see
you guys on omegle Saturday at 1:00 p.m.
Eastern let's talk about it please if
you're gonna join us make sure you have
a microphone that works and you can talk
to us because we will be filming it and
I think this would be a really cool way
to use a Magel and also pool our
opinions as a collective
don't you scared you me and car smile
I'm a two-hour delay today since a snow
and you brought your cartoons and gummy
fluff you heard the guy they got a
two-hour delay which is okay
other than we have a doctor's
appointment for both the baby and
Veronica I guess that's that's all I got
for it hey thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
