we're trying to get everything ready to
go to the doctor's plan we have a
doctor's appointment okay we're like
stressing out over what we need to put
in the bag so that we don't forget
anything because you don't want to be
caught away from home or away from your
baby supplies it's it's not good you
have to think about every angle you know
like diapers wipes feminine hygiene
products baby diaper that's a burp cloth
backup clothes hats all kinds of if you
get hungry looking for us Veronica
breastfeed so we don't have to worry
about having bottles or formula or
keeping those bottles cold yet that's
cuteness look at that pink polka dotted
heavenly goodness here we go we're off
to the doctor's you ready back again in
the doctor's office what scared me is
that the nurse just said something about
did you bring the staple remover yeah
they give you at the hospital before you
leave this device for pulling staples
right and I'm thinking in my head
there's no possible way that those
staples are ready to come out
what isn't gonna wait tomorrow
today's Tuesday I don't know yeah
today's Tuesday so that's five days
we could just take this home and I'll
pull them out I could do it we need some
fun fur we know did you I don't feel
good oh poor baby let's bring it to the
breast
bring it to the breath I'm gonna truth
let's have a look ready at the incisions
I'm ready careful what you're about to
see is very gruesome what here see all
right let me give you the what happened
here so they're supposed to go through
this one again this was where the old
cut was but since Eliza was in such a
crazy position need to go up this way
what does it feel like painful in a word
I guess that's gonna be good I don't
really know how else to describe it well
just the fact that you're standing up is
amazing gotta keep going but that gave
us that so it's all worth it you're good
I wanted you to say it cuz I'd be the
bastard if I said it's all worth it I
didn't have to do well the good news is
we didn't have to have the staples taken
out that'll be Thursday but not all of
them only every other one mm that's a
just wanted to look at you after the
doctor's office I got a call from the
insurance you know we bought a house
right bought our house and
when you buy houses where you spend lots
of money on something you want to ensure
it all right like this car I got a call
from the insurance company that we need
to come in and sign paperwork's for the
transition of the homeowners policy so
we had to go from freaking lancaster all
the way or at a whole Newark which is
like 40 minutes 40 minute drive dude
okay
she could get out of this car you know
it blows my mind is my daughter still
back there asleep she's gonna sleep this
whole trip do you know like we got
bottles you got a bottle breast pump
phony breast pump these pinkies and
stuff anything that the baby puts in his
mouth you have to sterilize it so not my
job to do that take all this stuff bar
throw it in there
boil it for 10 to 15 minutes or
something like that and take it out dry
and sterile
trying to get everything cleaned up
around here then I came across in my
thermos you guys you know I love coffee
right my dad was in the hospital took me
to get coffee and I saw this up on the
shelf I was like I gotta have that so I
have hot good coffee for a while I'm in
the hospital
this thing is awesome literally that
night we got coffee the next morning I
had a cup it was probably like 11
o'clock we got the coffee at 6 o'clock
there's still piping hot this thing is
awesome
some teaching Colin how to hold his
sister you're doing good buddy look at
she's actually quiet yeah what do you
think of all the pink
service curly hey boys were going
upstairs you know timing means I didn't
say that today so you're good you're
you're still Carson Liza's been home for
two days now what's it like with the
baby in the house awesome oh you like it
she doesn't cry too much she did really
good today she was she slept for the
rest of the day which means we'll
probably be up late tonight oh did you
miss us fluffy while we were gone what
kitty kitty
where's Carson Carson Carson start over
yeah but I already know where you are
you're right here all right go person
Carson Carson where are you I cannot see
you all right all right enough fun we
got we got school tomorrow we gotta get
serious here very serious everyone good
night everyone good night Carson and
mommy's get these
they're like breast therapy pads they
they go in the microwave right so so
once she starts getting milk and their
boobies it's helpful to warm them yeah
I'm getting ready for feeding since
we've come home like this the living
room is our bedroom because Veronica
can't go upstairs mr. Park could but it
would be very uncomfortable to climb the
stairs for her and even though I am
desperate for my own bed
I haven't slept my own bed since
Thursday of last week I still can't
sleep in my bed because I don't want to
leave her down here to sleep in the
chair and me be upstairs it's just not I
don't know I can't leave her so the old
couch is my new bed couple feedings
couple hours a couple naps couple nods
later they're fine last sleep as funny
as the baby doesn't really sleep that
good until early morning very little
time this song starts coming up and it
just so happens to be the same time that
the kids are ready to go to school so
let's go get them up
wakie wakie just car that you guys sleep
good yeah yeah I thought we'd all sit
down and have breakfast together and
what better breakfast then what about
okay book bags are packed kids are
dressed now it's time to get them out
the door which is a little more
difficult there we go they're off
which means perfect time for me to go
ahead and edit my video because mommy
and the baby are definitely gonna be
sleeping for a while still well I think
I'm slowly starting to figure out the
new schedule which is difficult to
adjust you I guess that's about it for
me today guys thank you so much for
watching and I will see you right back
here tomorrow
you
