all right we've kept you hanging for
long enough I think and we apologize but
there's good reasons it's been kind of
crazy the past couple of days not
knowing what you know what's going on
Veronica had a pretty hard time with
this particular c-section it was really
rough I guess where do we start
the day after the baby was born it was
it was actually a pretty good day other
than other than Veronica being really
sore
you understand the baby was in a very
awkward position the complications for
the pregnancy was or the delivery was
that the baby was in an awkward position
which caused the doctors to have to make
a larger than normal
incision because of all that Veronica
had what they're considering trauma to
her peritoneum or abdomen feeling of
course after a surgery especially like
that 45 staples later you're gonna be
sore and hurtin with the doctors you
know the next day we're encouraging me
to get up and move the faster I got up
and moved you know the faster I would
start healing and I felt pretty good I
was on pain medicine of course so but I
was getting up and I was moving walking
around the room going to the bathroom
and all that um and I felt pretty good I
do daily blood work to make sure you
know your levels of blood and everything
aren't dropping and everything's still
okay well I got my first result back
from that and it it wasn't okay I pretty
much had very very low red blood count
normally on the low end is 11 they can
below 11 you're considered anemic my
blood level actually dropped to 6.5 on
paper
the doctor said it was probably even
lower than that so I pretty much lost
half of my blood volume once they
discovered that her blood volume was
that low she had to have blood basically
and they hung just hung on the pole
there right along with her bags of
fluids and her bags of you know IV
Tylenol was bags of blood so she had to
get blood infusions to two units of
blood over the next couple of days it
had wavered had gone up and then it went
back down and then we're waiting for the
CBC today to see if we can go home it
went up to eight from six point five to
seven point eight to seven point one
back up to eight and then it went back
down to seven point three and they they
were concerned so the doctor sent me
down for a CT a cat scan my abdomen to
make sure there was no internal bleeding
which did come back I do have pockets of
blood all around my abdomen but it's not
it's not actively bleeding it's actually
from the traumatic surgery from where
they was in there trying to it was
trying to manipulate the baby to turn
before they cut me so that caused all of
these pockets of blood in my abdomen
which my body will reabsorb eventually
which is good so that's why we got the
results of the CT you know had the
pockets of blood but they're not too
concerned about it because my levels are
still kind of staying the same outside
of all that seriousness in Zermatt
it's overall been a really pleasant
experience I've stayed up many nights
with this girl right here just staring
at her you know and loving her and just
I mean once you hold your baby in your
arms after you've waited so long it's
it's an incredible feeling it's so
awesome so you know we've had the boys
come up they stayed with Grandma for
they've steak with Grandma ever since we
got here and they've come to visit Vicky
I thought it was funny
her mom actually brought iron will help
your blood count right so Veronica's on
iron pills and we were researching iron
rich foods so that could help the
production of blood and her mom brought
her steak because we found that steak or
red meat is really good a really good
source of iron and it's the fastest
absorbing type of iron and Branca I was
just so excited to get that me she just
ate it without even having any
silverware basically it and we're at the
point where we're waiting for the blood
and the blood results to come back and
tell us that her blood count is
normalized it's not going down or up you
know it's kind of at a good level and
they say I could take weeks for her to
regain the amount of blood that she lost
so I guess that's where we're at so
while we wait I'm gonna take some
pictures of baby Eliza I brought my
camera we're gonna take some pictures of
her and kind of across our fingers and
hope that we get to go home today
Chase is getting ready to change a
diaper I think he's just a little overly
cautious you're gonna on not fun I
got protective masks here
you see I'm just trying to take pictures
and mommy's got a flop out her boobs all
the time this is what this is what my
whole weekend was consisted of every
five minutes
Veronica's attaching a child to her
breasts you did so good honey we got
some pictures done she I'll tell you
what she is she's so fussy if you take
here if you take her clothes off like
when she just has her diaper on she
hates it
mommy's like let's get some pictures at
her diaper and she didn't like that you
got all the pictures taken and I have a
change of clothes for the baby because
we just got our test results back well
her test results back on her blood tests
and unfortunately I'll let all that
Brahma tell you test results came back
in there 7.7 so they're staying within a
normal range of seven from seven to
eight so that means there's no internal
bleeding my body just has to reabsorb
what pockets of blood there is and
that's okay it's the best thing my body
can do so they're sending us home that's
right guys we're going home I can't be I
can't tell you how excited I am
are you excited Eliza I'll tell you what
I can't wait to go home and be in our
own house with the boys and a baby
together
it feels so bad that we've been
separated but that's the only way for
being in the hospital what not but we're
going home and I'm excited you excited
she's excited to check out the goodbye
message of that for housekeeping it's
just shaving cream su shaving cream
we have to take off one of these bands
and then you guys have to leave the this
one on and your twos on until you get
home yeah
this facility and getting your car with
a band on but you and I had to match
that this is your baby
matches your name and number is serious
business just make sure that no babies
come out of this hospital unless mom and
dad yeah there's Lisa is gonna take the
whatever you call this their security
device if this baby gets close to that
door while it's open everyone knows
about it okay look at her okay
here's a piece okay that see that stump
right there now you remember from your
others but I go over it with everybody
keep alcohol on this with every single
diaper change that should come off by
about 10 days her umbilical cord right
there good yeah
let me go ahead and button her all up
okay homecoming outfit look --look its
daddy's girl oh I can't believe it I
can't either
your son side there gonna be
dick I bet they're just gonna especially
older son he'll just he'll see her and
he'll say oh I've got to protect her the
rest okay I got the cart ready taking
all our stuff downstairs this is a
magical time you guys we get to take our
new baby back home and continue doing
what we do all right you ready for that
yep
I know you've got a little while left to
you're fully healed but we'll take care
of you okay take care of you I'm gonna
take the stuff down to the Jeep all
right
and you you need to get dressed and I
don't know I'm gonna leave you guys with
her
i'ma leave you with her listen here
while he's getting everything in the
Jeep we're getting ready to go home
I might get emotional first I just wanna
say thank you to everyone for all your
support in your love it's been a rough
road it really has lots of pain but then
there's pleasure with that I mean look
how cute she is
I know bunch of you have been with us
through this whole pregnancy the whole
past nine months and finally she's here
and I couldn't be more happy that we're
both safe and I'm on the road to
recovery it may take us a couple weeks
for me to get fully back on my feet but
we'll get there we will
I'm excited to see what's in store with
life with this new baby girl it'll be
different boys and miss them so much and
I can't help but be emotional because ah
just getting over pregnancy all my
hormones are just surging through me
right now so what I'm happy these are
tears of joy the side tears I couldn't
be more excited sorry about that
Veronica got a little emotional on you
guys but I want to put in my word is I'm
excited so excited to see Veronica
dressed we're ready to go and it reminds
me of when we first had Colin it was at
this moment right now we were ready to
go and ready to walk out and I said
there's one more thing and I pulled out
a ring from my pocket and I got down on
my knees and I told Veronica I said I
said will you marry me and she lost it
or she said yes all right enough of that
stuff
let's get her buckled in her car seat
for the very first time just seemed a
nice and cozy Oh
that's a car seat we're ready for that
wheelchair very cool
you got this she's amazing people on the
inside the jeeps clean hi I clean it
just sit there with my baby she's safe
you can take the lid down have a good
ride Elijah we're officially off
hospital grounds what's the feel like uh
feels good really I already feel
nauseous yeah look the cars unironic is
in the back seat yeah guys no I get
carsick but I have to ride back here
with my baby girl and yeah I'm already
feeling feeling nausea you're fine you
just had your stomach
I know it still looks like a pregnant
amazing grandma's head Jenner going all
day delicious Wow look at my carpet we
got new carpet that's cool huh what do
you mean
oh nice everyone was prepared for us to
come home this is so exciting you know
what I want to do first things first for
me guess what I want what guess what I'm
happy yeah yeah ah man it feels so good
to be home I had to go into super setup
mode and bring all of the different
things we had at the hospital back to
our place like we have changing spa pack
employees down here with all the diapers
and wipes and all that stuff for Mamie
lyza who's sleeping on mama thank you
mom all for keeping her company mama
also made us a spectacular dinner roast
with meat and potatoes and veggies and
green beans and working at a child or a
child look look at this we're back home
guys you guys this is it's an exciting
moment right now it's exciting moment
the past few days in the hospital
Veronica
that's kind of embarrassing but Veronica
has been unable she's been unable to do
it number two right because of the
surgery and what are you about to do you
get it girl
this is great man this progress is
progress
hey I have faith in you honey don't
forget to wipe having this little baby
and then coming home and seeing you
you're so big I know your feet are huge
dude and your size compared to this
little baby sighs I can't even believe
that you were this little at one point
both of you you were teensy time just
like Eliza it's so good to be home here
here before long everything's gonna
return back to normal we'll be in a
perfect swing of us new motion of life
with one more person if they're one a
very very very crucial baby tool is one
of these bouncy chairs it's just a
really nice portable place safely that
you can set baby down without like so
like we could have her sitting right
next to us on the couch or by the chair
and have a really close eye on her so
I'm gonna put this together
I haven't put it together yeah this is
the one thing we haven't put together
you know what I mean else is upstairs
you guys gonna tell your baby sister
good night okay sorry good night
all these kisses to give now as you can
tell we've warped into the morning it's
like wait a second I need to enjoy my
night at home my first night back at
home with my wife and my baby and it was
it was it was a long night I'd say right
pretty fast needless to say we we made
it it's like wait a second I need to
enjoy my night at home my first night
back at home with my wife and my baby
and it was it was it was a long night
I'd say right pretty fast did I say you
pooped I don't think I said anything I
didn't clear that up last night but yeah
she did it it's awesome that was a big
concern was that she didn't have a bowel
movement but I thought I just call it
pooping all right guys so we're back
home it's such a relief
that's all we got for you today I can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
