hey everyone
have you even said good morning nope
good morning today is preparation day we
are getting everything cleaned up bags
packed everything ready to go for the
hospital oh my gosh with the I my mind
has gone 500 million ways today I have a
list of everything that needs done
but then there's stuff that's catching
my eye that oh I gotta get this done too
and though the laundry I feel needs done
and so grandma mom all she's here
helping me today
mmm with all that other stuff as I'm
sitting here working on my vlog I got
friends showing upsets here Zac's here
Dallas is here but Zak this is a really
crucial moment right now you guys
because Zak just bought the very first
gladiator t-shirt Zak
put it on dang it what do you think dude
I love it fits great great lumbar
support for Zach so you see Zach chose
the gray shirt with black letters Zach
how do you feel about your purchase I
feel excellent I'm gonna go post an
Instagram picture immediately you hey
why don't you take picture with Gilroy
Wow the gladiator sure that's the
greatest idea of ever we're gonna do
that now dude thanks man enjoy the
purchase thanks for being a gladiator
any time you might want to put I know
you're trying to be nice but you might
want to put a sweater on it's definitely
cold up no hoodies maybe we make pudding
that's a great yeah I like that we'll
put the thing on it I can't even see it
it's 210 oh yeah that's cute
we've been prepping getting ready for
the the trip to the hospital and now
it's time to get the boys and I gotta
take him to get a haircut because
Veronica wants them to look good too
can't say I blame her I love you I love
you too mama
okay fine let's meet hey boys
hi dad what's up house cool why are you
hiding there person
you guys ready to go get your hair cut
no well we want to get your hair cut for
the big occasion tomorrow okay huh they
obviously don't like in the haircut then
are you more excited now yeah
I'm excited for you hey let's get some
haircuts I've got get their haircut you
ready for new haircut yeah let's let's
get it going are you ready oh man what
you
that's awesome I got the gel and
everything oh sorry sorry
me too all right guys I'm digging your
hair I gotta say I'm diggin the hair
Carson you look so cool I know you don't
have to cut Colin nice hair love it
and we're gonna go back home but first
mommy she wants some well she wants some
Buffalo Wild Wings and we got to get it
for now because once she once we had the
baby and she starts breastfeeding she
can't have any spicy things because what
we found in past experience if she has
spicy food
or spaghetti sauce or any anything that
has a high pH it transfers to the breast
milk which then goes into the baby's
belly and that's probably the worst
thing that you could ever do
it really is I'll let her explain why
but we're gonna go get some wings I made
the kid I made the kids try these cheese
curds for the first time what do you
think
really good you like them welcome you
love them they are really good I always
say nothing but good things about you
know I got some spicy me chicken nuggets
it's just uh daddy day you know what I
mean oh the daddy day with the boys is
so much fun the wings were good I had to
bring some home for the lady thank you
so much you're welcome she can't have
any like I said she can't have any more
spicy foods I told him that you would
explain why you can't have spicy food
after the baby's born more than likely
the spicy food will pass through the
breast milk which usually does not agree
with newborn babies yeah we when I
brought Colin home we had what pizza
mm-hmm bad news we brought Carson home
we had lasagna bad news so the red sauce
spicy foods don't like that I gotta stay
away from for a little while so I gotta
get my fix one of the last things that I
need to do is put in the car seat base
in the Jeep and I and a couple other
friends have done some research as far
as the best placement for the car seat
car seat is most safest installed in the
very middle vehicle very minimal ace has
to sit in the middle right but the
problem is and this is why we're
thinking about getting another car is
that the backseat Rd has Carson's car
seat and then Collins car seat so this
has to sit right in the very middle and
just to show you how this connects you
have to you have to hook up these little
anchors right and if you can see there's
these little hooks
and the crease of the back so you take
this little contraption and just connect
it boom like that just like that
there's to them one on this side on the
other side cuz they're both connected
this one is actually really cool it made
putting these in really simple you just
connect both of those anchors and then
you pull up on this tab we have to put
pressure on here and then pull up so
it's really nice and tight and snug and
then for added safety you're supposed to
take the lap belt underneath through
that hole and then buckle it up too so
let's put the car seat in here and see
how it fits this would be a normal seat
in configuration right so both kids
seats are in there and there's the base
this is the carrier now let's see how
much room we got I know this isn't gonna
work
yeah baby you'd have to go in like this
and then flip them sideways hmm that's
not awful bad but it sure is crammed
sure is crammed you guys will come with
rooms in that back seat now we need a
new car Jeep once you hook the Gilroy's
up with a commander that third row would
be awesome I'm getting ready to prepare
my last must have to do chores whatever
for Veronica she wants these floors done
I'm gonna do it I do quite a bit of
cleaning around here right and I've
never had an easier job done doing
Forsman with this thing right here I'm
gonna tell you Hoover FloorMate look
this is the compartment where the water
goes in you filled this bad boy up with
hot water up to the fill line put an
ounce of this cleaner stuff in here
seriously it's got these little bristles
in it turn it on the bristle start going
you squirt the water it scrubs it and
sucks it up the same time huh now that
all my works done I'm super sitting here
talking about snapchat right and Amanda
has snapchat but I don't think I follow
her she follows me right you don't
follow me
so I've been wanting to see what the
deal is with this new snapchat thing you
can barely see it there you go so
apparently what you have to do is if
Amanda takes her camera here you already
phone will do it will let you to take
your camera and hover it over my screen
look so you see might you see my
snapchat thing and you tap the picture
boom
chase Gilroy added here's what I want
you guys to do since since we're gonna
be in the hospital about time you're
seeing this today you should be able to
see live updates of what's going on at
the hospital if you follow me and
veranke on snapchat so let's try this
thing out pull out your phone and open
up snapchat and hold your camera up to
the screen wait for this to focus
hold your camera up to the screen and go
ahead and add me on snapchat using that
same method and also why don't you go
ahead and do the same thing for Veronica
this should work there you go since
we'll be landlocked at the hospital for
a couple days I'm gonna want to see your
comments so follow us on snapchat and
and for this vlog like in this vlog
we're gonna have nothing but time to
read comments so there's something like
a hundred and thirty thousand of you
subscribe to my channel so let's get
somewhere around a hundred thousand
comments I know we don't get that views
for video but spread the word get
everyone to watch and give me some
content to read while we're sitting at
the hospital don't you agree
yeah here we are all of us together
again on the very same couch that nine
months ago we told you guys that we were
gonna have a baby right remember now
that day has finally come
are you excited yes excited I'm really
excited to really am but I want you guys
to know that in the coming months we're
gonna have to spend a lot of time with
baby Eliza you know we're gonna have to
we're gonna have to pay a lot of
attention to her because she's a really
little baby and she needs a lot of
attention right and so our attention
might be spread a little thin across the
board you know so we may not get to play
with you guys as often as we always do
you know but just know that that doesn't
mean that we love you any less because
you're still my superheroes me and mommy
we just love you guys okay just as much
no matter what yeah it will be proud but
you guys will be big brothers didn't and
you have an important job now - yeah
what changing diapers that's changing
diapers you're the protector ma and
they're for your baby sister and to
protect her and look out for her and
comfort her you know I'm still not sure
they understand the gravity of what's
about to happen
and me neither and um it's been six
years gone six years very wobble laughs
too much all right listen
let's give the last goodbye to our fans
the gladiators as a family of four and I
just I feel like it's so symbolic or on
the same couch
daddy given this speedy what Oh tomorrow
um it's only gonna be two only gonna be
two what do you mean there's only gonna
be two people on the second or you guys
will be allowed up there they change
them they change the rule you're allowed
up so as long as there's a a bunch of
people that go in overnight before we
get there with the flu then it won't
change yeah so you'll be able to be
there so he is really cool yeah you get
to come up and see baby alive and hold
her and like I said before make sure I
want to see the most comments if you
watch this video you have to leave a
comment tell us a short story
give us some words of encouragement give
a congrats to Eliza a message for her
maybe but we'll be in the hospital
probably without ex to the internet so
and we'll be busy so whatever chance we
have to check the video and and check in
with you our internet family I'd like to
see some comments so please leave your
comments tell in person yeah yeah all
right guys that's all we got for you
today
I'll see um you great thank you
as soon as we can
