good morning guys I'm alive and I'm here
I was just complaining about my hair and
how it looked like a super douche with
nothing to my hair I need a haircut so
on days that I get a haircut I don't put
anything in my hair but we're on our way
to the last I should say it say it again
last baby doctors plan that's exciting
I'm excited this week the last part of
this week is going to be quite an
incredible journey and let me just say
now that on Thursday we go to the
hospital
if we don't go before I'll try to get
the vlog done for Thursday Wednesday
night so you have the vlog while we're
having the baby
and then I can't say for sure when the
next time I'll be able to upload it I
promise I'll get it to you as soon as
possible because I know you'll be
waiting to see the new baby and we can
put instagram yeah we can we can post to
Instagram and some snapchat stuff so
make sure you are up on our Instagram
that's burned gilroy chase co roi and
chase underscore gilroy for snapchat you
don't have the opportunity as you but I
don't ever use it you should should use
it definitely tell her she should use it
you want to come said what can you do
future bottom I'll defer that I'll have
okay not clear out she was 158 in for
the doctor which is probably gonna be
quite a few minutes we were talking
about how awesome it is to be vlogging
at a time like this where when Eliza
becomes old enough and she gives back
and watches these videos she's going to
get to see what it was like with us
before her and then how excited we were
for her to come and then to actually see
the video that'll be shot at the
hospital it's so awesome I wish I could
go back and see that kind of stuff it
would help me remember hey well that's
the one and only occupation where a man
can let another man touch his wife no I
mean but I know it's it's but there's a
women that do it too yeah
we got some shopping to do we're gonna
go to target but first we're gonna hit
up Veronica can't go five seconds
without eating any food I can I'm
starving and lancaster lancaster has a
place that i love called canes raising
raising canes it's a chicken spot they
have the most incredible chicken chicken
tenders that's all they serve is chicken
tenders french fries and toast with an
amazing dipping sauce she's never had it
we're gonna mown ready for a super tasty
delicious chicken finger treat gains
chicken one of my favorite chicken spots
of all time they only serve chicken
chicken tenders french fries toast on
the sauce that's it well what do you
think it's freaking delicious are you
kidding me taking kriegel prize toast
tough coleslaw car out of my paw paw
I'll eat that
enjoy honest opinion it's good it's good
yeah just like the sauce I knew she
liked it welcome home listen Veronica
just freaked me the heck out I went
upstairs to go to the restroom and I
come back downstairs and she's like I'm
kind of nervous because can you say that
what do you even said the doctor said
from where you checked me today that
could have spotting Matt botting which
is light areas of blood in the errand
but I feel like it was more than
spotting so I'm gonna wait till I have
to go to the bathroom next time and see
it's like nup then it's probably just
from that if not it could be good be
good guy huh I was telling her i need to
get my hair cut I need to clean out the
Jeep I need to do all these things her
grandmas on the way over to hang out
with her I'm gonna go get my hair cut
because I want to look decent good not
super douche a and when my baby girl
gets here so I gotta do my hair I gotta
clean out the jeep you gotta pack the
bag for the hospital
look at my hair it's too short I think I
don't know okay we're gonna go and have
what are we gonna have Carson hey night
where I and why are we going to texas
roadhouse good family night and correct
answer is mommy's favorite and because
we're so close to Veronica having a baby
she wanted a grip texted me so we're
gonna go to texas roadhouse and it's
kids night so you're gonna get what your
face painting Hayes pain baller baller
you're gonna say with me baller hey
don't run away you gotta act like
civilized human beings no we're Gilroy's
we have respect hey why are you unzip
you're gonna be frozen
you're here honey you get to eat watch
the ice watch the ice you smell that
that smells like full belly full belly
where we go what are you doing face me
face pain I get into Batman what's your
let's see I pick the dragon you got the
dragon I got the Batman man alright
let's see how they look I don't want to
see if you bounce when you call up this
year
thank you
doing good Carson what's off what do you
think wait till you get yours I'll get
you yeah it's awesome go show mommy I'll
stay with the Dragon in the middle with
the wings on the side yeah like it what
do you say yeah favorite welcome thank
you so much what do you think oh that's
awesome are you kidding look mommy do
you like yours yeah it's so cool dang I
straight forgot to vlog our fear but
just so you know we ate like kings and
queens haha she's in a coma hey I got
the door for you what do you want me to
do help you in here let me help you in
God push push it push gosh ha doesn't
need to take a bath and get ready for
bed yeah yeah yeah I'll tell you what
dinner was so good i had the rib eye
steak with sweet potato covered with the
cinnamon butter and marshmallows so good
what did you have against my classic
steak him Sally been a baked potato oh
yeah
and now you can deliver a baby here
happy we haven't had any other
developments with her thinking that
she's gonna give birth today other than
she had a pretty severe contraction at
the restaurant tell us about a word it
feel like Sheils like lots of squeezing
and pressure and that's all you can
think about if you can't think about you
can't talk you can't think about what's
going on around and it's all you can
think about is just breathing through
that contractions it was a bad one she's
I've had worse when I was in labor with
the boys but never an actual labor yeah
hmm it was definitely a keeper stinks it
was definitely I don't know why you'd
say I say I say one of those
interactions because there's Braxton
Hicks contractions and there's those
contractions which lead to baby popping
out the vlog did and you tackle me you
can't tackle me oh oh you're tackling me
is tackling me I'll to clear person last
one upstairs whoa whoa you ever say
they're just not gonna be the last one
last one upstairs is the sweetest cutest
boy yeah tricked ya that's how you trick
the kids let's how you trick the kids
the first one upstairs rotten piece of
poop the last one upstairs is a
hard-boiled egg I'm not will dig seven
good night hey Carson know what can you
stop watching gilroy blogs for one
second
she's like hooked I'm telling you
addicted we're going to admire in a
rehab when she has a baby her YouTube
addiction gilroy blogs I can't say I
blame you I really don't hmm that's
brand new movie fury came out today now
I want to see it really bad can you when
you say we have movie night we eat ice
cream and we just listen listen up you
hear that yeah exactly I'm gonna be like
that huh Artem delirious that movie was
it was good as a war movie heavy heavy
warming me it's based on Germany and the
Nazis from the 1940s um it's pretty
graphic but what an incredible story
it's all about like the tanks and Brad
Pitt pays plays this Oh crazy I think
he's like a captain general and I was
the he's the guy in charge he's the dude
in charge smokes the cigarettes will his
hair slicked back and tells everyone to
do guy I kind of really enjoy the fact
that we could schedule it's like let's
go have our baby it's on this day at
this time let's go have the baby I was
cooking with the boys I was scheduled to
be induced that's right in my body I
think just knew well even the labor part
like skipping through all that labor
park well yeah but I think my buddy just
knew that that was the time and it was
just automatically like okay let's go
ahead and start the night before I was
supposed to be induced I'm going to go
ahead and call that your brain in your
body already right now
just kidding that yeah right now yeah
man that cameras loud I'm sorry guys
that's gonna do it for us today thank
you so much for watching we really
appreciate it and I suppose we will see
you right back here tomorrow
