I'll bet in the end of yesterday's video
you were like ah I want to see what the
breakfast looked like this is it sausage
I like my little dark I know what you're
saying
eggs bacon pancakes strawberries Carson
would you chill it's like a diva we're
gonna eat I'm gonna take a shower and
start our day or gonna have fun today I
got dressed and I wanted to run into
town because I wanted to string up my
guitar I got those new strings and all
my guitar players out there you know
that if you try to restrain your guitar
and you don't have a string winder it's
it's hell it's absolute hell cuz up then
you gotta you gotta turn your machine
heads like this by hand and then you're
gonna have a broken wrist so there's
this local spot called guitar guys it's
a pretty good store for for this small
of a town but they got everything
including string winders alright if you
don't know what a string winder is this
this is a string winder well I'll show
you when we get home I'm gonna string it
up now these things are beautiful just a
second ago it was like two mountain
ranges side-by-side that's crazy oh
sorry I'm sorry don't feel funny
I feel really funny I don't know what it
is what do you make it bird dinner honey
it's a row
my fingers and green means and champagne
biscuits I freaking love cheddar Bay
biscuits
don't you love cheddar Bay biscuits yeah
didn't you say we had some yes it's
coming over tonight I thought so who is
it
it's cotton Lindsay really well I can't
even wait I'm miss Scotty Scotty me and
Scotty mean Scott I used to live
together I don't know if I've ever told
this story before but yeah yep Scotty
was my best my best dude we lived
together for a long time we hooked up
with girls together then he hooked up
with Lindsey and then shortly after that
my lovely wife hmm it's crazy how that
works out
she just walked through the door and I
was like wait a second I know you I've
seen you before
and that's my first thought too when I
walked I know you from somewhere
hey she if her first thought was like
was he in that Playgirl magazine yeah
yeah yeah he was in the Playgirl
magazine that's mm-hmm but no it didn't
turn out that way it was somewhere
haha time to do this
I've had these strings on here for
probably I don't know every bit of at
least a year and it's definitely time to
put new ones on because these ones are
getting like really like they get a lot
of drag on them so you can't slide your
fingers really easy alright first things
first you got to take the old strings
off so get your string winder and you're
just gonna loosen these you can so after
I took the strings off I went ahead and
shine her up look at that she's shy this
is a Samak Samak acoustic they make a
really good quality acoustic guitar have
you seen Mike for a while
and I got nothing but good things to say
let's get these strings on I can't wait
new strings yeah it's really hard to
vlog and put these strings on at the
same time but I did use my tripod and
made a how to to put new strings on a
guitar so make sure you go over to my
how to channel to check that out but
she's done it's awesome
now I want to play it what's so blare
well here look at this this is the
presentation roast green beans mashed
potatoes cheddar Bay biscuits
you know look at you your clean cleaner
already I was too busy strumming my
guitar to come out here to you thank you
would you eat Lindsay oh you gotta eat
Scott a and the house oh I've been
waiting for you show up dude I missed
you I missed you Scotty
I missed my Scotty hold me holy Kobe
okay but lumpy was just hit sink his
knee at Blaine two times
I heard it it's really you did what he
goes like this yes faith you don't pop
my face this is what we're gonna look at
and not too far from now with this girl
Naomi what you doing ah she's so stinkin
cute she she fit right in over here just
a few months from now our little girl's
gonna be walking she's gonna be she's
gonna be the safest girl in the whole
city they are you're not tired says the
guy who stayed up to like 1:30 playing
video games thanks for coming to hang
out thanks for hanging out Blaine and
Naomi look at this guy
yeah yeah good like I like his pants
he's like nine years old give a five
dude person don't be sad honey
everyone's gotta go to bed sometimes
it's been Colin where you on are you
running room for me mommy says the boys
have a big day tomorrow so it's time for
them to get some sleep our company just
left so now you gotta get the sack Dan
you guys came up here and trash this
place knew you were gonna do it on
camera
yeah but look you got to pick your toys
up when you're done right excuses
excuses huh
Veronica made the dinner now I have to
put it away it was really good honey
you did fantastic and I gotta say
Lindsay and Scott brought over the Naomi
right
the little girl after having her over
here I got even more nervous
for next week Veronica made the dinner
now I have to put it away it was really
good honey you did fantastic and I gotta
say Lindsay and Scott brought over the
Naomi right
the little girl after having her over
here I got even more nervous for next
week I know but the idea isn't her size
it's it's just the idea of another
person we're gonna have another person
another person to be with us always like
just like the boys she's gonna live here
she's gonna be integrated into our
family and that's just like it's awesome
but at the same time it's like Oh
another person
a third kids toys all over the living
room dinner was good but dessert is
gonna be even better I have some my
favorite ice cream butter pecan it's my
absolute favorite stream always has been
what's your favorite ice cream do you
have a favorite ice cream honey do you
want ice cream you go honey that's
really the cheers right there
you take that enjoy for after after the
baby
we have a strict Get Fit regime you
follow me yeah let's go cheers to ice
cream all right guys it's that time of
day I got nothing else for you
we're gonna go to bed actually I'm gonna
go upstairs and lay with Veronica and
watch a movie and enjoy just us for the
very short time that we have those quiet
moments left because next week as you
know and I keep saying it it's baby time
let's see the line for today thanks so
much for watching and I can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
