what's up guys good morning start my day
a little foods and chicken alfredo with
veggies and I gotta tell ya being so
busy yesterday and getting all this done
I really am feeling like my back my
lower back is killing me I'm getting
order right I'm 31 years old and I'm
terribly out of shape I'm gonna start
working out so I have that Bowflex if
you remember a while back I got a
Bowflex in the basement and I still
haven't used it yet but enough about
that I'm gonna eat and I gotta edit and
do some other computer work and and I
got this little heat pad thing that I
need to get on my back for a while
what's up dudes
parts another really cool hat where did
you go ahead it came from the bench came
from our bench you have to look at the
living room
we've already seen it which I smell all
day in there I don't want to spend any
more time in there
Oh Mickey Mouse Hey
what oh he's a Minnie Mickey Mouse I got
you I got you
you guys oh you dropped something you
dropped something : the tears :
I want you to know I did some research
on the a lot of you have mentioned that
you can hear some like knocking noises
and be peeing in my videos now ever
since I got this camera and the audio I
can't do anything about and the ticking
noise I can't do anything about either
because that is when the camera is
focusing that's the little servo turning
the gears so it can focus so I guess
maybe bad camera camera flaw sorry I got
you there Colin just gave me his report
card check this out check this out he
got what's the c-plus dude oh this is -
this is - all right so be alright
overall written b-minus spelling a math
be satisfactory sense man agreed what is
this music
Colin what is this D in music you got it
Oh D for developing oh I get it I get it
the mark is developing okay so he needs
to work on his music it's green it's
like green authority he's still good
Carson got his report card - no - let's
see what you got buddy satisfactory zan
developing but he doesn't get letter
grades hmm there's notes on the back
Carson is a sweet boy he knows all his
letters and their sounds he scored 165
out of 151 on his reading test
he is currently working on reading
comprehension and fluency
he is well-liked among his classmates
and as a pleasure to teach da it is
Friday so that's prime time for game day
what-what-what-what on the Xbox
minecraft you can give armor and weapons
and tools the zombies and skeletons ok
I'm gonna get up for you you can go nuts
once I get my work done Hey once I get
my work done why don't we play we should
play an Xbox one game yeah go Duty
advanced warfare
maybe I don't think so I only have two
controllers for the one no there's only
two for the one Wow the Xbox one one has
two controllers
what is this GABA CHH what'd you say
what is garbage I said what is this
garbage I love these kids so much
hey but listen guess what tomorrow's
Saturday and on Saturdays I like to have
big breakfasts like pancakes bacon eggs
Tabasco
but Veronica ate all of the bacon she
drank all the milk shared all the eggs
I'm just kidding you guys are buying it
hook line & sinker what I'm just kidding
we need to go to the grocery and mommy's
not back yet she spends the day at this
mom won't start helping them revamp some
logistics but if you can see like no
milk we do have some eggs and we just
need some other stuff so you guys want
to go how about this how about this it's
Friday night I say we go grab some
essential items and then we come back
and have
oh yeah expose one whoever's ready gives
me high-fives ready me oh oh okay okay
good job
yes oh yeah let's do it
look who showed up to help us at the
grocery store thanks honey because I was
pretty much lost
shut up to buy the groceries what she's
referring to as I had to text her and
tell her that I need a hurry rescue me I
came to the store without my wallet
wagon
Thanks don't mind if I do
I've said it before I'll say it again if
you're tomorrow's pancake date you got
to get bits quick don't mess with that
just add water stuff you get Bisquick
you're loaded see you guys back at home
I'll be fine so I'm just gonna walk what
yay let's do this that's what I'm
talking about loads of food for the
belly that belly I don't know what I did
yesterday got somewhere in the
activities I wrenched my back something
fierce and it is killing me
so much that I had to get some icy hot
alright so for game night we're starting
with Lego Marvel superheroes the boys
will love this game love it
you call him our Carson figured out a
trick what's the trick I'm gonna I'm
gonna put a breath room and then yell
out alright let's see if you can do he
just said because you can even make cool
sound effects and trick your friends and
I said wait a second we gotta do that
again
it's always better the first time huh
yeah yeah all right you can keep playing
I'm gonna beat you boys just you're
still you're still playing games oh I
must have passed out
dang guys you you're hardcore
it's morning are you guys okay yeah are
you okay yeah look your eyes are
bleeding we will we will but now that is
morning we gotta have some breakfast
because I need coffee I just woke up
disguise er well thank you honey for
doing the coffee mmm coffee listen we
went to the store yesterday got all the
necessary supplies for a really big
breakfast so we're gonna do the Bisquick
pancakes eggs bacon and sausage I just
learned how to crack an egg with one and
time and this is incredible
I want a Veronica see it but I want you
guys you two ready just crack it right
didn't it that's fine we got more egg we
got more in here hand is totally in the
way here
there's a little crack there
it's not perfect but it works pancake
stuffs ready I'll tell you guys how to
make the perfect pancakes before using
Vic's Bisquick you just follow the
instructions over but add a teaspoon
sugar
they'll be awesome and the trick is you
have to set it aside and let it sit for
a minute just let it sit while you're
getting everything else ready
and it'll fluff up and bubble and stuff
and you'll have the most fluffy is
perfect delicious blend it first
pancakes ever we're gonna eat and have a
wonderful morning and continue to inch
closer and closer to the new baby coming
and I do apologize if my videos are
sporadic and crazy because my brain is
not working right it's all over the
place to be honest but that's okay we'll
get through this
that's all I got for you today guys
thank you so much for watching and I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
