ready to paint fluffy as promised up
early this morning got everything ready
it's time to paint get ready for a whole
new living room and look who's here to
help let's do this a little bit of a
fast-forward we already went through and
sanded all of our spackling so
everything's nice and smooth
just getting the last tape on the
baseboards I think we're about ready to
paint who wants to paint Dallas room
paint yeah here here's our color look at
that beautiful color that's gonna make
this room just be so bright and vibrant
and energetic a lot better than this
dark drab red huh let's do it
oh is it it keeps a straight line are
you ready to see first coat well it's
pretty uneven and I have to say that
it's definitely definitely probably
worth the time and investment to put
that primer base coat under it just
means we have to do more coats you know
Seth Thank You Man officially in Dallas
Thank You Zach Zach showed up thank you
my brother
so all this help we're gonna do five
coats in no time
welcome home boys hey before you do
anything I want you to see the new
collar
wait for it pour it what do you think
don't touch the walls it's still wet and
I need to do a couple more coats you can
see you can see how just don't just
don't I know okay that's stupid like
alright so check out this is the side
with the first coat right here right you
can tell definitely but this is the side
with the second coat
it's pretty uh I like it
I'm literally wore out everyone left me
it's me it's me here by myself I just
finished the second coat and as you can
tell things are looking a bit more shall
we say even alright I finally got some
help Zach thank you for showing up dude
anytime buddy he just was like hey
what's up I'm like painting you want to
paint he goes yeah that's awesome but he
already put his hand
yeah that's alright
it's done
welcome home tell what are you what do
you think yeah you love it yeah yeah I'm
so sorry but it looks a little more
green oh my god that looked green it
looks a little more green on camera but
it's definitely yellow and we live in
the physical world not through the
monitor so you'll see it'll look better
once once we take those lights away what
what you like it one or two thumbs up
okay
alright I promise Carson I would play a
play know what animal so here we are you
got this homework done and now we're
gonna play play-doh for a few Colin he's
doing Miss books what are we gonna build
we're gonna do what we got built
alrighty Christian anyway my bit of
creepers Oh what's he can't see me
you're shadowing in there you go
who's the zombie he beat up Steve it's
actually kind of challenging to make
these little creatures out of the
play-doh with the different colors and
all that thanks Kirsten likes it it's
gonna be creepier there what do you
think on it's cool did you get all your
books read they're gonna play that for a
few well chase against the rest of the
paint cleaned up which I must say it
looks wonderful it's extreme but
wonderful I want to go in there now and
do something instead of just going there
and sleep well my love what do you think
yeah it does seem bigger
it does seem bigger I like it it's
brighter it's not as mm dark red I did
like the red at first but it just got
old this is nice happy positive
energetic but that's not how I feel
right now move everything back and now
I'm toasted it took me all day to do
this I'm just so I'm gonna take shower I
think I have like dust in my hair I
decided last night after I took my
shower that I was done
and went straight to bed but it was
worth it because the living room looks
pretty awesome yes so Carson do you know
that this is your last weekend without a
baby in the house are you excited or are
you nervous I'm excited because if if we
if the baby comes
that's Monday then we're not gonna be at
school you may start your school
actually we looked into the few member
when Veronica had to go to the hospital
the kids weren't allowed above the first
floor that rule is still in place and
it's looking like they're not gonna let
any kids on the maternity floor at all
which is it
big disappointment here's the bus I love
you guys
love you Carson be good I'll see you
right back here after school
all right kids it's about that time for
me to grab the old laptop get my cup of
coffee clothes and add it to vlog I'm
not sure what's on my list honey what's
on my list for today you know that
sounds good
it sounds good computer day I said I
could so use a computer day I need like
a heating pad my back hurts from all
this this was tough getting all this
done yesterday I mean I'm not
complaining but I think we did a good
job and it only took three coats by the
way
all right kids that's the end of the
line for today thank you so much for
watching sorry about the short vlog I I
kinda spend my whole day in this room so
but we'll get you more today thank you
so much we'll see you guys right back
here
