would you believe that we are on our way
back to the very last doctor's
appointment before the baby gets here
are you excited you're excited yeah
Carson actually took the day off of
school today to be with us it's his day
to be with mommy before she has the baby
let me park here's a heartbeat yeah this
wasn't the last doctor's appointment he
wants us in again one more time two days
before I was inside two days before this
is so it's so real at this point like we
need to go home and pack a bag for the
hospital I need to paint the living room
I need to do everything I need to get
done like today
yeah we kept Carsten home from school so
he could have a day with us alone yeah
he's excited yeah you guys hang out
while I'm getting stuff done huh
Carson loves these little 10-bit right
little baby doughnuts this one tastes
like sausage sausage how's your
breakfast and we haven't even pulled out
yeah well we're still waiting on food
and everyone's eating all right it's
time to do this got the vlog edited now
it's time to get work done yeah take all
this stuff off the walls and I need to
find my spackling but we're gonna
spackle all the holes and we got to let
it dry and just get this place done man
done oh look who showed up PJ's here
what up Reaper well Chase is downstairs
working on living room getting all that
stuff taken down and speckled and such
mr. Carson and I I'm gonna bet today
Carson's gonna walk today mm-hmm we're
going through the baby stuff and he's
helping me get stuff ready get it sorted
and organized yeah and fluffy can't
feared about folks it's so traumatic
we're gonna get all this stuff organized
and stuff and I'm the helper today and
fluffy is the orange shampoo yeah get
some moisture and wash you're doing a
good job helping Carson showing everyone
around it's all blurry there you go
okay Carson gonna do me a favor
okay why don't you help mommy and you
can put all of these lotions and soaps
in the diaper cream and stuff put them
in this basket for me okay people that
anomalies yeah we'll put the hair bows
in there too for now until we find a
place to put everything particularly
we'll just put all that kind of smaller
stuff in this one bin okay do you
remember having one of these in your
crib mm-hmm yeah watch when you push the
button again
mm-hmm
you and your brother both had one of
these and you guys loved it definitely
made some progress I've been up here for
a couple hours we've got a big pile here
the needs washed that's more like
blankets and and stuff like that I got a
big trash pile filled up but look look
it did get through the closet Dimpy got
the bathtub all set up I need to get a
little bookshelf to put up for all her
little books that she got so now I just
have to go to my husband and have him
carry all this laundry down and on this
trash down for me it makes me feel like
I'm going backwards I'm tearing
everything apart just all that stuff to
get to this back corner I had to take
out all the xbox's the surround sound
DVD player because I don't want if I'm
gonna be sanding in here I don't want
these electronics to be in the same room
so they can suck up all that you know
dust here's the trick to spackling if
you never spackle before you gotta kinda
lay it on a little thick because when
you're doing when it dries we're gonna
use like a 220 grit sandpaper it's
really fine sandpaper to sand it all
smooth if you don't put enough on it's
just gonna look a little funny like see
this was a big giant hole I might have
to put I don't know I stuffed quite a
bit in there so I want it to be popping
out a little bit like that so that I can
sand it flush when it's all dry I'm
telling you there's a lot there's a lot
of spackling to do all right check it
out look at all
look at all the freaking spots that part
is bad not part of the walls bad right
there in this corner no you can tell
there's no hanging of pictures up there
they're really in that corner at all
this part and I'm looking at it looks
like the people who lived here before me
that painted this wall red they actually
did this right they did all the
spackling but they didn't sand it
something hilariously funny look right
there in the yard
they're plungers Veronica says go get
the plunger I'm I call it the toilet by
mistake I'm not sure how she did it but
I had two of the worst plungers in the
world both of which splashed water all
over my bathroom floor
so I said eff this Chuck these plungers
out the window and I got my ass in the
Jeep and went to the hardware store and
bought a brand new on problem solved
all right so looks like instead of
waiting for you no paint to dry I mean
spackle we're gonna go to the store you
ready carson enough pokemons
let's go pokemon king
Oh mommy and Colin went into the store
to shop for stuff me and Carson decided
to eat I got the Southwest steak and
cheese sub Soviet Hannah red I see Colin
I got you a frosty is that awesome I
mean I see you like that does blue your
favorite color
Brett catch up with mom all you have to
do is walk did you know that Carson is
very very good at reading already zoom
in kindergarten here what does this say
what does that say right there
blend this word right here house yep
good what about this let's see if you
can get this what's this
like yep Carson sorry your day off is
over you promised in play-doh and you
didn't play with play-doh with it we
were busy what hey guys let's roll said
pong bedtime
look at this man I got a house all clean
yesterday and I had to tear everything
up just so I could paint that room good
time last one outs a rotten piece of
poop Oh looks like it's calling today Oh
see
fluffy even beat you it's been a few
hours since I put up the spackle on the
wall but look if you can see this even
get to focus but you see that divot
there earlier when I placed it that was
flat but after after it sat for a while
and dried it looks like that so I'm
gonna put a quick second coat like a
light second coat on all these holes
these nail holes and then all right call
it a day
this spot over here this big one this
was a big giant hole and you can see I
tried to push it to see if it was firm
but push through it a little bit by
morning I'm gonna sand it I'm gonna
start painting and we did see a comment
on the vlog what someone said put a
white primer base coat but I'm gonna
forego the primer base coat because I
got the primer two and one so the primer
is in with the paint
it may mean I need to make an extra coat
but I love painting so it'll be fun
I decided also I'm gonna before I had to
bed tape up some of the windows first
and then I can't really tape the
baseboards yeah Veronica's advised me
against it because I have to sand right
up to sand so I might as well just sand
tomorrow dusts and then tape the
baseboards so I'm gonna finish up this
last piece here and get some sleep and
wake up early and start painting all
right guys that's the end of the line
for today
I'm gonna finish taping this up get some
sleep and I suppose we will see you
right back here tomorrow
