now this is what I'm talking about back
home with my cup of coffee
my boys milady and my cat
I'm just trying to get stuff done for
now that I'm home it's time to get ready
for the baby she's it I'm telling you if
you could put your hand on her belly and
feel that baby she's strong and she's
ready to bust out tomorrow we have an
appointment to sign the papers on our
house mm-hmm
Cheers cheers to that that's super
exciting that's it that's like a life
achievement is to buy your house to buy
your first house and it just so happens
that we're buying this one there's
nothing wrong with that this house is
awesome it just means that we'll be able
to make our own upgrades and stuff it's
like a blank canvas this house is pretty
new it's only like less than ten years
old Wednesday we have a doctor's
appointment to check on the last
doctor's appointment before we have the
baby yeah it is definitely getting it's
definitely getting nervous nervousness
you nervous
I'm excited I'm nervous about the
surgery that's all yeah I hope that I
can I hope that I can vlog there listen
there's probably not gonna be a lot that
I can film I'm gonna have to focus on
keeping my feet underneath me because
having seen the first c-section only
partially because I wasn't allowed in
the room I had to get Galland up you
know I had to get the right clothes on
stuff but seeing your wife or girlfriend
or whatever cut open isn't very exciting
I'm starving she's poor thing she's so
hungry she has to eat like every ten
minutes some
then maybe carrots Kurtz man snip many
pineapples
it don't matter she just has to be
stumped I can only eat so much cuz
there's no room in here this poor girl
she's such a champion all right I gotta
go to the store let's go I love you be
back let me give you an update on the
iPad
currently the iPad has not been located
and I've used two fine Find My iPhone or
Find My iPad app and unfortunately with
the iPad being a Wi-Fi model it can't
automatically connect to the internet so
without having connected to the Internet
the Find My iPhone app is pretty much
useless so and I know that there's been
a lot of comments about will Kilroy it's
it's not their fault you lost your iPad
yeah I'm gonna alone-alone that one it
was my fault that I left it in the
airplane but through my investigations
of how the airlines are supposed to
conduct their business every time a
plane lands and passengers deboard
cleaners board the plane and then they
go through every seat every aisle and
they clean everything and they check
every scene that that's where I had the
problem is that one of those employees
did not find the iPad in the back of
that seat and it was it was plainly
sticking out I know that it could have
been seen so either an airline employee
took the iPad or they just didn't do
their job right and someone else found
it so at this point I think what I'm
gonna do is I'm just gonna change all my
passwords and then I'll take a picture
I'm pretty sure I have a picture of the
iPad I'll take a picture and tweet the
passcode so that whoever wants it can
happen
remember this fog I swear I get all my
food we're gonna have dinner watch a
movie tonight great so I haven't cooked
for a while I'm gonna teach you guys
tonight it's Italian night I'm gonna
teach you how to make the most badass
bruschetta you've ever had so first of
all you definitely need a bag of like
these bread
it's multigrain french bread all sliced
up ready to go it's only a dollar
ninety-nine super cheap and then you
need tomato bruschetta you can get all
kinds of different products and look
like it what I found this stuff tastes
really good and works too and since
we're having spaghetti - I'm going with
the prego 3 cheese and you always get
angel hair pasta beef this is what we're
after right here
mozzarella fresca see this stuff is
topped with herbs and olive oil and all
that stuff already so we're just gonna
we're just gonna take the bread put our
tomato bruschetta on it and then cut up
the cheese and put on top you're gonna
love it look at that sky look how
awesome that is
look at it
let me ask you are you one of those
people that takes time to look up like
how often do you look up and realize how
much space is up there
you're gonna love how easy it is to make
this bruschetta let me show you how it's
done take your bread and just lay it out
on your pan won't take your tomato
bruschetta and just spoon it onto the
top of your bread the good thing about
these mozzarella bars balls is that
they're they're marinated in olive oil
and herbs and spices so they're they're
already flavored for you which is good
because typically you would want to like
put olive oil on the bruschetta to keep
it from turning you mean like on the
bread so that's why I get these
particular mozzarella balls just cut it
right in half
let some cheese on up he's on top boom
just like that some of these you might
want to put three on but I promise
they're gonna be so good and there you
have it that's really it yeah you got it
all you have to do is turn your oven to
375 excuse me honey I'm gonna pop these
bad boys in there put them in the oven
the goal is to everything's cooked so
you can eat them raw if you want it to
don't know why you would but the point
is to put them in the oven just to melt
the cheese and mozzarella fresh
mozzarella isn't like normal cheese it
doesn't Brown so you're just gonna melt
it you just want to see it flatten out
and then it's done so I'm gonna say
somewhere around five to seven minutes
but this is what it should look like
when it's melted look at that see how
it's good together all those herbs and
spices on it from the marinated cheese
ball now the really hard part is to just
eat it the boys went with buttered
noodles today
this is how it's done you guys Mangia
Mangia it's time for a little
after-dinner battle special move super
sword fight God got you I won fair and
square
I am The Champion that's not fair
where's the control for that we just
drive this thing dude where's the
controller Colin hey dad look at me I'm
looking my face I'm looking turn on oh
maybe maybe it's dead maybe this is the
wrong one it's the right one sure looks
like we gotta go honey hey Carson what
are you doing today um nothing
so uh you wanna like fight or something
yes hello Steve well Steve's busy right
now so why don't you just you and I
fight okay okay
all right ready on the count of three
we're gonna do p-taff
okay all right here we go
one two three mm-hmm looks like I was
gonna tuck these guys to bed honey we'll
see you up there okay yeah grab my hand
poor thing she's she's rather slow these
days getting upstairs but I can't
imagine what an extra how much wait tell
the gladiators good night and good night
we fast forward into the evening I
stayed up late tonight so that I could
study a little bit of premiere like I'm
brand-new to Adobe Premiere Pro CC and
I'm trying to get you know hang out the
ropes of the program it's quite
different from Final Cut Pro and I mean
it's got a lot of similarities but it is
it is a bit different but I think that's
about it for today I'm about to head to
bed and get some rest the boys got
school tomorrow and I'm really excited
because we're going to sign papers to
buy our house well that's the end of the
line for me today thank you guys so much
for watching and being back home with me
and I suppose I will see you right back
here tomorrow
