what up guys welcome to today I you
gotta keep it clean right
the officers become feeling a little
dusty so I clean it up a little bit and
yes I did get a haircut
you like yeah yeah and like the storage
situation on this just look at this it's
like everything I have has to sit on
this one space it is wicked annoying but
what are you gonna do I don't really
have a shelf I do have this big yellow
shelf right here which I haven't really
used for much it's just kind of
collecting stuff what is yellow and that
will go so what we could do is take this
thing and it's I mean it's pretty heavy
and big we could take that paint it
black or white yeah what color I'm not
exactly sure yet colors suggestions down
in the comments but we take that shelf
right it's got plenty of room we bring
it over here and we put it right there
right there where that goes and we just
take that out of here and we make like
that we think that sure goes right there
and it holds all the gear I was coming
out here to do some stuff today and I
was like dude this place needs cleaned
so I took care of what I needed to do
and then I was like did this has got to
be clean so I was you know just cleaning
it up and I feel like I want to talk to
you guys briefly about what's going on
the uploads schedule everything let me
be perfectly frank with you for one
second so I mentioned this in a recent
video and I just kind of want to clarify
it again right now so if anyone has this
question in the comments again I want
you guys to please direct this video as
you know ad revenue on YouTube has
become
and total garbage we don't make what we
used to on YouTube and again I want to
stress the fact that I don't do this
just to make money I mentioned before I
was blessed with the opportunity to
create this career for myself but things
have changed as things always do so now
I found the need to focus some more of
my energy into developing my business
outside of YouTube that does take away a
little bit from the vlogs so when you
see me uploading every other day that's
wise because I'm working on things to
develop myself outside of the videos and
I don't want to burn you guys with the
sob story I'm not making the body I need
to buy used to it is a true fact but it
is what it is and I'm not gonna sit here
and complain about it so with that being
said when I can create I will and I love
doing it it's a passion of mine and
focusing on creating things that will
further my business outside of YouTube
is also something I'm very passionate
about so bear with me I'm still trying
to chase my dreams down but maybe these
vlogs aren't exactly the full span of my
focus at the moment so I love you guys I
love the support that you give me but
just bear with me as we get through
these rough patches on with the haul oh
I could eat all this I shot a bunch of
photos yesterday at our Easter hangout
celebration event whatever you want to
call it and it goes very like I told
myself this year I wanted to focus a lot
on shooting more photography so what
we're doing
we are getting this table that's been
back down here and my forgotten hole of
a basement this place is a mess we need
to get I'm gonna take care of that for
sure this desk I built originally if you
guys been watching me for a long time I
built this set down here like when this
was my only space to work with built
this set and this is where I started
doing my tech reviews and stuff and this
table was what we built to do all that
stuff on so I want to use this because
it's a nice texture this is like this
tabletop surface it's a little bit of a
different texture from what my bar top
is in the office and I wanted to use
this for a special purpose and that is
doing like product photography stuff
like that so we need to take this guy
out day yeah oh look here look I got
these TVs guys right these two old TVs
no one has these things anymore what
should we do with them I want to do
something cool with them they gotta go
and it would be stupid to just throw
them in the dump and not having fun with
them what kind of cool things should we
do what do you think we should do
something you won't blow my tan right
the potato gun
perfect
okay now where we gonna put it your
story I'm not sure where to put it
because my garage has quickly filled up
with everyone else's stuff and that's
waiting for a patio to be built as well
as that and I do have this still junk
pile left over from building the office
I need to get a dumpster out here
something just realized I'm gonna have
to move around everything so we gotta
get rid of all this stuff right here no
that's out of the garage I'm not gonna
make you watch me do that well you do
maybe later then playing with the Easter
grass I'm on hold on your hair yeah I'm
just sitting here at the kids just got
them fed um they actually just chose
SpaghettiOs and Liza had a big salad
just like that we got bomb tops for
dessert
how is that good my dog Tiger popsicle
all I'm gonna eat my peeps
yeah we're also Coles and say thank you
without callin we all have the same kind
of popsicle yeah chase just texted me
he's outside he says come outside and
check out the via sunset it is amazing
so let's go see ya know there's not a
cat room in there doing something with
the feelings out here Wow
it's literally orange right now they
might smell like horse blue
well that's pretty cool Malik totally
they must be doing something with the
fields putting manure on them because it
smells like manure out here how sick is
this I'm not you're thinking are I still
wat your table with a white backdrop but
when you have like a seamless backdrop
like this especially against white which
is super clean you can turn what this is
into this I mean that's just taken on
the iPhone with a couple of adjustments
but it's pretty good and they didn't
even take that long to do it it was uh
just moving 500 feet sheets of drywall
away well yeah that's pretty much it a
nice little seamless backdrop that I can
shoot a little photography mostly slider
shots review shot stuff like that
thumbnails whatever and we're just
finished watching all the behind the
scenes of the entire movie loud I know
it's very loud what time is it though
do you any rope come on come on I'm
going without you come on come on Liza
boo ha ha ha I wouldn't leave you
sweetie
angel move your big butt angel
move your big butt angel what are you
doing this is all of our kids candy from
Easter mmm look at that yeah we have
obligations as parents right we don't
want our kids to get cavities and stuff
so we're gonna eat this seriously though
this this amount of candy is like it's
it's amazing like look at all this stuff
look a Harry Potter chocolate frog you
got fruit 5/4 dudes these are my
personal favorite Reese's peanut butter
eggs can't outta here what is this
cabbage all these dudes are really good
too Robin eggs I think what we're gonna
have to do guys is call it a night and
you know when I turn this camera off I'm
gonna be here some of that good girl
we're all set to have a really good
productive day tomorrow tomorrow
Dennis is coming and we're gonna film a
couple videos and just hang out and just
kind of catch up and stuff
I know dennis has been going through a
lot lately and it's nice to be able to
spend time with them cuz I couldn't even
it's it's just nice to spend time with
Dennis that's for sure I'm gonna get in
on some of this and I hope you guys have
fun hanging out today a little short
update but yeah thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here
