good Sunday morning everybody we're
starting with breakfast at the hotel
room Dennis is about to go work out
about to edit the vlog but we got kind
of a bummer
we got a bummer dude it's so rainy out
which really ruins our plans for the
whole day so we might actually eat he's
gonna work out
I'll edit and then we're probably gonna
go home and try and get hot sauce this
hot sauce good thing we got hot sauce
from my boy yesterday that was so
awesome of him to bring this hot sauce
cuz otherwise we wouldn't have it for
breakfast
no I go figure today we're supposed to
leave to go home and it's raining
outside and it just so happens to be
cold enough there's ice all over the
roadways and on 76 the road that we're
supposed to take back there's like a
massive pile up where one person died
the last thing we have to do before we
can leave town is the last parts of
Dennis's food vlogs videos where he's
working out so we're in this gym in the
hotel getting the last clips for these
food vlog videos and then we're out of
what Dennis decided to take a break and
juggle need me to show you how that's
done all right we all know you can show
the world you inspired me to juggle just
now it's because I know you
Java I saw these apples Java maybe I can
chew these apples are expired apples
before long you'll get it I have faith
in you man listen
whoa look at that nice job
I've been practicing
once traveling circus you know
oh crap oh crap and then they fired me
why cuz they were juggling bananas and
all the monkeys ate all the props look
at the rain
this sauce sucks worse that we didn't
get to film the day
I hope we don't have any problems going
on
where's waiting for our car now
they bring the cars down in these
elevators
my filly it was fun we gotta get out of
here
drive safe dinner time for a pit stop
Dennis must have to pee so bad he just
ran inside credible so if you could find
a way to translate these binary patterns
for visual signals with it really unlock
the power of our brains to process this
stuff
Chase is actually on his way home which
I'm so excited I cannot wait until he
gets home I've missed him so so much so
I'm kind of doing this stuff to kind of
keep myself busy while he is on his way
so that way I'm not just sitting here
watching the time go by
welcome to the nursery it's not quite
finished yet but that's what I'm working
on we're in the process of getting
everything together we have the crib set
up what you guys seen got a couple other
little things pack and place set up I
did get a bassinet I got a wash it and
everything I'm in the process right now
taking this good old diaper cake apart
it's just kind of tedious cuz you have
to take the rubber bands off of the
diapers and then I've got them stacked
up here and I want you guys to see this
look how tiny these little newborn size
diapers are it's like the size of my
hand so so cute so stinking small and
then we got size wine so that's what I'm
working on we're kind of getting
everything ready
making sure cuz it could be any day she
could decide to come tomorrow as of
right now we have a plan c-section for
January 29th which is ten days ten days
and we'll have our baby girl here I do
have to have a repeat c-section because
I had to have an emergency c-section
with Carson because of something called
cord prolapse
we're pretty much the cord was being
delivered first and it was cutting off
Carson's oxygen supply most doctors
won't do a vaginal birth after cesarean
cuz there's risk for uterine rupture
where the scar was so it's just safer to
go ahead and have another c-section I'll
keep you guys updated on this stuff I'm
going through for the baby and I got
bedding today so we're gonna get the
crib and everything together stop number
two look at the snow finally snowing
we're in West Virginia we still have
three hours left to drive I've been
driving the whole time so far so now
it's time to take a potty break and let
Dennis take the wheel okay so now I'm
trying to figure out how this bassinet
goes together oh let's see hmm label the
person who took her part for me I bought
it off of labeled it a little bit let's
see
I don't want to know what I'm doing
it's these there's a bee okay these
wants me for the bottom and those must
be for the top
I might have to wait on chances to do
this one Joe look at that I got it I did
it all by myself
they all hooked together
got it Oh mattress goes in there
I'll tell you what the sheets go wash
the sheets real quick before I get it
all together
little lookee here oh it's getting more
and more real guys starting to come
together but pretty much done for
tonight
we still have I'll show you guys inside
this closet here Oh
Oh this stuff this still needs gone
through and sorted and tags taken off
you washed in all that good stuff
several hours later we're back home
we're home
gladiators let's go see Veronica oh hi
boys it's me moment you do I missed you
a lot did and you Colin what did you
miss me I missed you so much
I miss you more than you ever loved me
bull crap cuz I love you to the moon and
back times infinity with cherries on
what that's impossible
and you lady oh right here's where it's
all about and you get to come home to
this and that and this
it's about to start now I've been away
for quite some time and as you could
expect I'm ready to spend some time with
these guys because I've been with you
the whole time what some like regular
sure okay you got it whatever you want
we're gonna play then go to bed so I am
this is where we're drawing the line
guys honey I missed the crap out of you
Carson I missed you too Colin I miss you
my oldest my oldest boy come here oh
crap what let's all end the vlog
together cuz it's been so long alright
guys that's the end of the line for us
today I suppose that means we will see
of you right back here tomorrow
