what up we're off we're out are you
feeling today feel good feel bad hey so
today is kind of rough I miss I miss
Veronica I'm a sec girl she's such an
incredible woman and it's hard to be
away from someone that special for so
long
especially which it's about happy and
it's cool it's so close you can't even
imagine the anxiety that I have right
now but
yeah I'm elegant dinners watched his
baby born over FaceTime son
I was at gate 64 as I saw
so it's great
well today were filming and tony lukes
were on our way right now to do
last vlog on our East Coast to earth
Upper East Coast learn
I'm come for that I'm excited
I'm excited we're going at this positive
I sent a tweet earlier for all you guys
this in Veronica the gladiator loves
open that you did that don't meet
someone and in the comments of the world
tell Donna that she's beautiful
feeling so big
Philly actually reminds me of a small
New York we all know that philly is
synonymous with cheese steaks the word
on the streets is this place right here
tony lukes has the best she does we'll
see for ourselves so we're at tony lukes
where's my gladiator hey guys waited for
how long did you wait I we've been here
for like 45 I came on 10 story nice well
thank you guys for coming hours hey
you're gonna get a cheesesteak sandwich
right yeah all right just got in the
back of Tony Luke's and Angela here
asked if I'd like a beverage and my
first thought was look at that coffee
thank you thank you so much she goes how
many sugars you want I said 12 check out
this sandwich the good part about coming
and doing these things as ever gets
eaten here we get we get a shame we
gonna show I got my man Nick here ready
to show us some magic let's do it won't
sit cousin yeah
all right we got it a little shuffle is
it right back no Center writer yeah just
like that dig in the cart very closely
I'm gonna try to get with it like the
top five in the deck okay just like I
think it's in this and even all of this
house there's shuffle he's up to
something a little bit more interesting
take 0 1 2 3 4 5 yards if you see the
card keep a poker face I wanted to be
too obvious that is regarding okay so
we've got one two three fight with some
of the cards yours be honest hold on to
the rest of you just like that again we
have one two three four or five cars I'm
going to take one like this we prompt
are just like that they can't see it as
many churches do want to take this with
this one's actually your car just like
that and throw it into the deck it's now
I only have one that's two three what
are you saying this in here dancing
there so what no way they did it so I
want you guys to know this is Tony he's
the owner of this magic house you want
or the head house man how magic house or
mad house yeah he gave us the best
sandwiches that I've tasted in philly so
far told you're in town you go to Tony
Luke's you look for this pretty face I'm
ready for my close-up mr. baby though
the light bars even pull people over
John came to Tony Luke's to meet up with
us any and he brought me a little
present would you would you bring me
thanks hot sauce
Oh kid made from CL City New Jersey
that's awesome so you knew I love hot
sauce so you bring me some hot sauce
that's great dude thank you so much oh
yeah this is your favorite sauce yes oh
cool hell yeah look who look who showed
up for a circus act oh hi you guys might
know him his Lima what's his name um oh
yeah yeah yeah bassmaster Hey Hey You
Hank no is this a new bike head here all
right that's good one there you go this
video will be called board on a bike in
a hotel keeps you in shape man really
those keeps you on your toes and they're
really easy to carry around i means rain
your back pocket you get these things
ooh being bad turn I do see you off this
thing oh oh gee yeah when you get this
old you know you can't do the running
you can't do the weight lifting so you
got to do the bike ride you don't mean I
need to do that I can't even do a
wheelie on I have a lot of time on my
hands
whole thing about Ed has been riding
bike for a minute getting getting his
balance down get that wheelie get that
wheel yeah Dennis saw this place luke's
lobster rolls we're gonna go get a bite
to eat you want like to eat yeah you
want to buy d check this out lobster
roll is good that looks good too love to
this should have got that sure that sort
of wood hakuna do clam chowder is good
tell you what man i gotta tell you that
lobster roll so so good i love seafood
especially lobster whoa it's weird to
have a good lobster this time of year oh
that was good lobster roll in the
lobster bisque from luke's lobster with
a message dennis brought some chocolate
back thanks dude we're just hanging out
waiting to see what's gonna happen the
rest tonight I'm doing laundry this is a
nice little snack time soon video
editing a new video that's fantastic I
finally got a chance to get my laundry
done I had to wait for three or four
different people to get in there it's
the busiest laundromat I've ever seen
what sucks is there's only one washer
and one dryer in this whole hotel
 scared me you're going to bed too
early that's ass licking Dennis right
there sleeping goodness this is a board
chase Kilroy it's a lame way to spend
Saturday night but what do you do I got
to get some sleep because we're getting
it up super early get the editing done
go film a prank how to prank and drive
home jump super excited I can't wait to
see Bronk and the boys I'm sure you guys
feel the same way so let's go ahead and
call it a night and I guess I'll see you
right back here tomorrow
you
