good morning everybody I feel so much
better today rested slept for a good few
hours I'm pumped because I've just
started to download the Adobe Premiere
you try I'm gonna try that out maybe
it'll be cool too because you guys will
be able to learn more about a different
editing software that's available for
both Windows and Mac yeah how about a
nice little fireside wait room while we
wait for the ubirr this is nuts
look at this hair dryer oh we just
finished filming with Glen this is the
owner of Mueller's chocolates and I'm
gonna tell you just look I don't even
need the same thing look I'll go here we
have paintbrushes
light bulbs they got look at this torch
it's incredible
we want some chocolate you come right
here
you take my breath away that was lungs
chocolate lungs really they've thought
of everything haven't they Glenn we
appreciate your time dude awesome Luce
we're the Internet we get to do what we
want there's no there's no standard
chocolate onions for the pranks yeah
that's clear we may or may not teamed up
blender lion showed how these things are
if you want to get onion apples regular
chocolate or caramel apples they'll make
him for you lose on you and see the
prank Fred yeah yeah Glen is taking us
in the back of the chocolate maybe the
factory I think it's a small spot but
the amount of stuff that comes out of
here is incredible all they're all these
different they call them chocolate
curtains where they cover all the
candies and stuff look at these
chocolate peanut butter pretzels these
are body parts made of chocolate
somebody ate the eyes belongs the
kidneys they're missing this is the milk
chocolate dark chocolate and then milk
and butter down there
oh that's cool paintbrush with paint on
it
and you can eat every single bit of it
that was my favorite stop so far dude
Mueller's chocolate even got a gift bag
I'm gonna take Veronica home a special
treat she's gonna love it
she's gonna love it that was good stuff
yeah
time for the gym let's go school so why
take an uber and in Philadelphia when
you can walk the streets and see so much
history this is history
oh that's pretty
you remove here then this is gonna move
here evolved every single business my
favorite it's a big city Billy love you
it's so big
that's what she said yeah
wow that's awesome look at that artwork
you don't make that anymore people don't
make that
to go ice-skating
dude this city is so alive there's ice
skating beautiful buildings people
everywhere this is a good this is a good
experience I've never been here in the
cold cold here it is the famous love
park
let's see some skaters I love it I love
it I love it I love it I love it I love
it I love it love it love it funny last
time we were here it's the same guy he's
hustling for photos at the love sign
velasca if you want your photo taken I'm
gonna get your photo be like I pay up
this is awesome dude
we finished filming at the Muellers
chocolate place it's awesome and now
we're headed back to the hotel drop off
our gear and come back out for some food
so we're trying to decide where we're
gonna go eat and I just got off the
phone with Veronica and it's so funny
because I don't know if you remember a
while back Carson got off the bus crying
he was super sad and it was all because
a girl that goes his school wanted him
to come and you know come and hang out
so but the bus driver wouldn't let him
so that's why he got off the bus crying
she's been begging her mom to have
Carson over and he's been begging us to
go over to her house so tonight's the
night and Veronica's over there with
Carson right now hanging out with his
friend Peyton her name's Peyton
so jealous your buzzer haven't gone yeah
that that Shake Shack was baller I got
the smokehouse no it was good yeah
now Tennessee got me speed walking oh
because it's cold we're gonna go maybe
back to the hotel yes yes it is the next
morning we've got coffee we've got bacon
hashbrowns the eggs are gone we ended up
running into a couple of friends at
Starbucks last night and we decided to
just hang out and that brings us to
today
so I need to edit we've got a big day
planned I promise
today's vlog might be a little short but
tomorrow's is gonna be even bottom
that's all I got for you today you guys
thank you so much for watching we will
see you right back here tomorrow
