good morning guys we're at the airport
it's time to fly out to Detroit I hope
it's not as cold in Detroit really I'm
so weird about waters it's not every
time you pull a device out to capture
the moment you got another vlogger or
somebody's gonna pull it out look at
that oh look there's our plane too oh
look you didn't see Dennis Roady in a
seat uh-huh
got some Starbucks coffee I'm ready to
fly baby I'm ready to fly this place
cleaned up real quick shoot Danny you
wake like you know were you waking up
then this has been snapchatting me all
morning
making fun of me I'm talking about I'm a
new flyer I know don't fly that much but
I've come a long way I know you got so
offended by it I did my goodness to man
sorry guys sorry no don't don't touch me
johnny-boy be certain that your seat
back is straight up and your tray table
is stowed and make sure that your
carry-on items are placed completely
under the seat in front of you please
direct your attention to the front of
the cabin for everyone's safety
regulations require your compliance with
all lighted signs placards and crew
member instructions they're clearly
owned by placing the metal thing into
the buckle who's ready to go on a little
fling
first up Charlotte North Carolina
good morning today we actually have
another baby checkup I'm going to weekly
appointments now so I'll be here at
least once a week from here on out I
only have two and a half weeks left so
mr. Kollin decided to stay home with me
today he's taking a personal day from
school let's just say that I just really
want to spend some time with them some
one-on-one time before the baby comes
that's all so let's go check on baby
you're the baby's heartbeat
yeah well it's that cream it's just like
a like a gel so that way it makes the
sound will go through to the machine so
baby looks good baby's measuring good
not dilated yet not dehydrated this week
so ever things measure it up gotta go
back next Wednesday I'm going back so
while you're in school no wait time 9:45
is my appointment next week hey mom you
want to play chicken with me okay let's
do another round
that one's a tie did you get to drink
their hot chocky there it is
here's our food daddy would want home
looks delicious
french toast sausage bacon : pick up
bacon cheese the eggs and pancakes
- you're gonna have to hold the plane
for me dude yeah I had to check my bag
valet right because they didn't have
room in the plane so now we have to wait
for them to bring the bag to the sky
chapter the skybridge bless these moving
walkways I'm seriously going from one
end of the airport to the other and I
think I'm running late I need to like
run but it's never easy we didn't miss
the plane that's good head does little
run not much
this place looks right Scott's no no in
Detroit I'm trying to be optimistic if
you don't know by now through my tweets
and whatnot
I lost my iPad on my last flight I lost
it
it's very unfortunate I don't know what
to do other than go to baggage and claim
that I have a lost item I'm so sad
no Detroit is color I like it
so we made it to Detroit I may have had
a little situation with my iPad but we
got to remain positive follow me on
Twitter at Gilroy vlogs let's tweet US
Airways and get that iPad back you guys
can help me do that
you feel me Dennis you as positive as I
am about this let's hit it back let's
get it back we are heading to Target to
get some stuff for the baby and we got
our bellies full at IHOP and we are near
Target right
there
sorry about that well I don't know
probably some bath toys or toys
did she come play with I just the
bathtub mm-hmm we just got to the baby
aisle and we are looking for things for
Eliza
we need bottles what is this that's for
the diaper genie tiny thing
see there's courses yeah we got a carson
from school home school i thought i was
like green good job
Colin's not going to school just no I'm
not going to school next week yeah Colin
stayed home today I'm gonna have a day
with Carson next week we're gonna go get
a bite to eat
Dennis you ready wait I'll show you a
trick on the bus I'll show you a trick
watch put in their batteries in the
garden order I know that says battery
low I fixed it that's the problem
battery will I don't want to put my
stuff in there and I wouldn't put your
stuff in there anyway yeah
dangers walk let's go eat I'm not sure
what I can film here Oh Dennis you play
I'm not sure what I can film in the
casino because they kind of frown upon
that but you see we can do super though
we hit up the buffet down here in the
lobby level I already had food my first
plate was like catfish steak beef tips
ribs
I got a crap ton of meat and then I got
some pasta I was just too hungry to vlog
I didn't want to I've had a bad day you
guys I really have
not a bad day so bad that I couldn't
even finish my dessert yeah I got two of
them Germany in the airport I think I
literally had to run from one gate all
the way what felt like the complete
opposite side of the airport
Dennis guys better hurry and then he
goes zone 1 zone 2 & 3 & 4 and I was
like freaking out by the time I by the
time I and I literally sprinted from one
end to the other
I stopped only for the upwards escalator
I like stood on it as it went up and
then and then as soon as I got to the
top I continued sprinting but as soon as
I reached the gate he's standing there
and everyone else is on the plane and
he's standing right by the gate like
waiting we got one more wait please I
beg you
US Airways find my iPad you guys are
killing it - on Twitter by the way
thank you for that I can't tell you how
much that means to be fine they listen
because they tweeted me immediately
thank you
I'm hurt
stay and finish it yes we are in a hotel
that has a casino in it these kids feel
unlucky so they're gonna try their hand
at some we're gonna do roulette that
baby okay I'm not gonna waste my money
but I'm gonna watch him for a little bit
good that it's a Dodge Charger
a little bit of player on it good stuff
that's just a taste of what we're gonna
see tomorrow I can't wait wait yeah it's
a Mustang that's a Mustang ahead all
right guys that's about it for today we
got a big day planned tomorrow we hit
the Auto Show and we're gonna review
some of the coolest cars that are
available this year so look forward to
that
check out the shirts that we got
custom-made for the show tomorrow I
can't even tell why new I know what it
says it's us a big test drive Dennis
Roady chase Gilroy I'm chase Gilroy
that's that like a sock on the door
something to come back a little bit oh
dude I'm turning it in the vlog here man
yeah bro all right all right well I'm
gonna go scour the hallways and give
these two some alone time
that's what bros do make me miss my wife
all right guys that's all I got for you
today thank you so much for watching and
I can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
