I'm gonna start by saying it's really
really soggy right here today in
Virginia its you you'll have that it's
not bad though because it's like warm
out it's not hot but it's warm which is
a nice change to be honest but well
listen we're on our way to the what is
it Route 58 58 58 delicatessen it's a
deli like you know they make sandwiches
and stuff but I saw on their website did
they make a cheesecake that looks like
heaven so me probably gonna do my best
to get it on some cheese bring it up
yeah yeah for sure
yeah so we're uh we're killing it out
here man Virginia has had so much
success and we're just starting with
Torah so we did probably seven or eight
videos so far between between how-to
pranks terrazas crazy Russian hacker
channel his second channel we actually
just did a how-to for Gilroy how to use
this morning which was really cool it's
a god oh how to setup a god oh
game system and it's just awesome we're
having so much fun doing what we love to
do
and open every day so whatever day we're
good we're happy every night yeah it's
so much fun tomorrow we're going to
Detroit on an airplane and we're going
to the Auto Show just wait till you see
the coolest cars some of the newest cars
fastest cars concept cars this is
supposed to be the best Auto Show in a
long time
2015 on O show it's got a lot of hype
behind and yeah it should be really
exciting and you get a backstage tour so
that's gonna be do they know we're going
after Detroit do you guys know oh no I
don't think so
Philadelphia baby oh that's right
there we go loud all right this sucks
it's raining man but it's fun it's not
cold that's awesome it's like hey oh
yeah so where every 58 behind the scenes
that we got up doing chase talking like
this
Oh we'll go pro a shot angle that'll be
slice our meat coming down more cooked I
want four slice
chases the man always working every
angle with that camera or the mics yeah
well you know I kind of do this
for a living dude you're like a
three-in-one 31
yeah what three yeah audio video
producer
what about director / - what about
editor /
pilot six and one I'm a technological
Swiss Army knife whoo
thanks for coming in dude he saw my
Instagram post and came in and I gotta
say thanks man you're the only one we
saw it this particular stop yeah he just
got out of school hey stay in school
dude he says over here just drooling
over the cheese steaks are cheesesteaks
think she's cake he's drooling over the
cheesecake getting some b-roll but look
at you blame the guy look at all that
yummy cake all it stops which one's our
favorite and which one of these
cheesecakes and cakes would you eat I
like that one that's a good giant for
you so we're doing food blogs were
chasing I travel around the country with
really cool restaurants and just
stunning the dining experience so right
now the Gilroy is getting b-roll
he is concentrating very hard oh my get
this kicks off well this is a good start
they won't be able to get trolleys and
all the cool equipment to get the really
improved shots the chase is like a man
of all trades so he can do it all the
man
you guys are in Virginia Beach thanks
for you swinging by 58 Delhi say what's
up they'll see you chased a nice picture
up on the wall I'm pretty cool take a
picture and tag us thank you were there
what's our picture I'd be kind
look at that thing we're good fries Wow
Ruby fries mamacita's the coolest deli
that I may have ever been in definitely
has a lucky' New York Upper East Coast
actually have to it sure I like it daddy
we've been given all access to the
restaurant Jeff is the owner I'll show
you him in a second but I'll tell you
what these guys make some incredible
sandwiches of the likes that I've never
ever really seen before
and they do they use some proprietary
stuff like the steam cabinet for all
their meat which is really cool it keeps
the meat so she's seen everything
this is corned beef that's going to be
pastrami they even have their own which
I've never seen dr. Brown before dr.
Brown's soda
I had one cream soda if you like cream
soda some of the best cream soda I've
ever had ever
this is Jeff he's the owner I let me
take my glasses off so I can see ya take
those glasses I listen to ya
I love this guy he he was such a great
host here yeah it was so much fun
what is this what's this you have so uh
this is a shirt that I had made for my
in honor of my son who has a rare form
of childhood cancer neuroblastoma five
to six hundred cases a year worldwide
okay
my son is a huge Michael Jackson fan I
see huge shoes moonwalk so moonwalk out
of hospital that's it feeling really
good because he is cancer-free right now
that's awesome - the tuna beat it we did
treat it treat it all we want to do is
beat it shirts and all the proceeds go
to a local Children's Hospital here so
that's all you guys to have a couple of
me I'd be proud to wear that his
nickname is Dutch he was diagnosed in 13
and he's now cancer-free he is now
cancer-free and it's courage like kid
like kids that inspires all of us that's
awesome yeah let's give it up for Dutch
guys that is an incredible
accomplishment that's our fruit that's
almost made out almost made it out here
today oh really
but then again I would have no camera
time if he did so yeah yeah thank you so
much thank you it was a pleasure that
revolving bakery case came from New
Jersey oh really you guys said it works
great and what it showed up it had no
compressor nothing
that's Jersey right that's everything we
spent so much time at that restaurant
it's now dark out there's
one left of our team crosses we got the
crazy dog got the crazy Russian hacker
would have the crazy videogames look at
the crazy crazy crazy we got crazy
that's the thing we've been stuck in
that house it's almost like being in my
house we've been stuck in the house for
days I know
don't you hate that when you're like
stuck at home or stuck in a location
where you really can't go nowhere
either it's because hey you don't want
to leave or be you can't because you're
busy and you don't have car
foot for mastic right but yeah we're
gonna just go back to trusses and relax
before we leave tomorrow tomorrow we hop
on a plane to go to Detroit for the
International Auto Show I'll tell you
more about that tomorrow and as we go on
that trip it's gonna be a lot of fun a
lot of fun Piper's it can't wait yeah
there's some cool cars that we're gonna
be hanging out in well core what is your
favorite car and for 2015 what car would
you buy new cars
I like the Ford f-150 right now it looks
pretty sweet listen
yeah go straight I would say accurate
NSX is prime my go-to new car upcoming
you know I like the f-150 because it's
made out of the military it's like 700
pounds lighter it has like 30 M on this
26 miles per gallon really I think it's
freaking awesome him and all the new
technological whatever it sounds system
Bluetooth some of these new cars have
Wi-Fi built-in yeah it's got LED lights
on the mirrors and it's got like the
stepladder in the back and another step
ladder other I don't know it's they're
just gonna be cool I got my package oh
my god her eyes I love this open it it's
like a prism even though I know it's
inside it doesn't matter
she'll say not even Christmas but I love
that excited you're gonna see the best
shoes you ever seen
all right ready Nikes yeah dude I think
those are just awesome that is nice
who's there Stephon janowski's that's
right I'm happy
check out this after-dinner snack this
cheesecake just keeps on going
the portions are so big Luke don't bite
try not to bite com√∫n whoa
come here look my camera Luc's oh jeez
oh he bites people running like a show
for this Russian Radio City test big
test drive and it's really really really
cool that they chose us because we just
so happened to be out on the road doing
videos so we're gonna just shoot right
up to Detroit stay a couple days shoot
some videos make some cool stuff happen
I'm doing minutes I'm not a prank this
is doing a prank we almost had to Ross
come with us but he's got other stuff to
do it sucks being responsible hey man I
want to say it was awesome hanging out
with you how I think thank you for
coming
yeah we had fun I had wait till
everybody gets to see all the videos
yeah we could all this be just a few
months and runs
we did a lot yeah we did we did we'll be
back soon we're coming after we leave
Detroit we're coming back here shortly
to get the car and then drive up to
Philly so that Delhi really did a number
on my belly man for some dude I'm taking
care of business man take dropping the
kids off at the pool and getting pumped
and ready for tomorrow's trip tomorrow
morning early you know hop on a plane
and go to Detroit to be so much fun so
make sure you guys tune in stick with me
it's gonna be super cool and I suppose
we'll just see you right back here
tomorrow
