good morning guys it's another beautiful
day well it's beautiful outside but it's
not warm it's cold which is fine because
we're inside we're inside doing videos
today more videos more life hacks more
how-to pranks this one today involve
popcorn more bacon yeah popcorn it's all
about popcorn today unfortunately I'm
not a very big fan of popcorn today well
I don't think I will be stuck in my
teeth and in my throat and I got you
know yeah so we gotta go to the store
get more supplies we're gonna show you
guys some popcorn hacks on the crazy
Russian hacker channel that you never
ever seen before and some stuff that I
do I'm sure you'll do after my
shines so wicked brighter than your
future brighter than not brighter than
my future dude everybody a comments
about my head say that my head shines
brighter than the future so they tell me
this is getting all kinds of chocolate
and stuff for his videos and I'm just
like
maybe I should get some snacks for the
bird to Ross's place there there's a
much these look good you were in this
aisle tell me right now you were in this
aisle full of candy what would you pick
we've seen this dog walking down the
street on our way back from the store
taking the bread what if he lives in
that house dude you just beaten dog
bread leave it there's nothing we can do
for it no collar on him so we can't call
the owner
poor guys we got popcorn dude this is
pop one to the 10th power right here ok
I don't even like popcorn do you like
your popcorn oh my god yeah yeah what
you got by top terrazas inside taking a
nap and we're gonna do the meanest thing
ever
look at mrs. Blum about to go out and
wake them up do this thing's bigger than
both of us I can't even imagine that
that's gonna be so bad we're gonna pop
oh yeah we're gonna eat we've been busy
man filming and editing all day you know
I think it's a good time I know you guys
miss Veronica and the boys so why don't
I send you back to Ohio to see what
they're up to
vlog fellow Time Warp blue good morning
where you're watching this some 17 days
from my scheduled c-section so we're
getting everything prepared
I have been very very tired lately just
trying to relax especially well Chase is
gone but today I feel pretty good so the
boys are at church right now I sent them
with grandma I have to run some errands
get some more groceries get everything
prepared we're supposed to get a nice
storm snow storm tonight so I have to
make sure we have everything in order in
case for one hour power goes out for two
we have enough food we got to get the
generator make sure it's got gas in it
and running and all that so I'm going
with my mom and my stepdad to go to
Walmart and we're gonna get some
supplies you guys are gonna come with me
and then later we'll pick up the boys
and visit with them a little while
this is my ride around Walmart today
thanks so much it alright here we go
guys
get out of my way good job her ass is
going backwards
Oh for you
and heave ho this is why I had to bring
my mom along with me to the stores hard
labor no and I just wanted someone with
me just in case you know I were to go
into labor I'm not by myself yeah she's
just afraid that thing's gonna stop on
areata fish all right I think I got
enough here it whoa here's the store no
yeah no mom's trying to pick a lane for
us is I can't see anything at this point
we'll work down here
there's been trip driving around in this
thing felt took them out a few shelves
taken out a few people let's see I'm not
I don't know that I'm gonna fit through
here
whoa yes yes yes I made it
we got home from the store got the boys
the boys played a little minecraft well
I took a little bit of a nap as much
needed getting out and doing anything
wears me out and I need a nap but we're
going to my dad's for dinner and we're
gonna leave I'm gonna go see what the
boys are doing up here in there in that
room guys got your room clean looks
pretty good that's pretty good
you guys ready go dinner Grammys Oh
remember she says she's fixing roast
like roast yeah where's the light it was
mine what more you like toast to Mario
likes roast well we're ready we're done
it's Mario
it smells delicious yeah be ready yeah
can't these in here cooking away look
Kylie I mean that look
of course the kids came back and chilies
and green beans
thanks guys they for inviting us to
dinner
it would have been left over alfredo
roll-ups tomato yeah but this is much
better I made it back home did you guys
enjoy dinner yeah yeah they actually did
a really good job eating all their
dinner they had clean plates and they
have snacks : what was your snack um
marshmallows marshmallows kurzon
goldfish goldfish some like favorite
snacks marshmallows is Collins I would
say and Carson likes goldfish cheez-its
think we're going to cut the Kindles and
watch a movie all together for the night
okay okay so tell the gladiators good
night we'll see you later all of you Oh
calling Carson he can't if he once well
not all of it
no he wasn't going to he looked at you
for the second part you're gonna help
him restart that mm-hmm restart we'll
see y'all love you right back here
tomorrow it's good to see them isn't it
her and the boys I'm sure had a good
time hanging out with her dad having
dinner and all that stuff yeah we've
been working on our computers all day
editing videos I've been working on a
website and I haven't had a chance of
vlogger just had to be productive today
so unfortunately I don't have much of a
vlog and you know what we do in cases we
don't have much of a vlog we hop on Oh
mangle are you ready yeah
let's do this let's do it right ray
what's up dude dude it never fails every
time I get on a mango you're right there
pound it dude I freakin love you dude
you're awesome what are you doing up
tonight nothing getting ready for school
tomorrow
all right on well don't let us keep you
up tonight say some kind words you're on
the vlog
besides how you guys doing what is what
is all mylanta oh oh mylanta this is
just a way of saying instead of saying
oh my god you say oh why Lanta all right
better way of saying oh my god
exactly mm-hmm all right hmm what are
you doing then show yourself turn the
lights on no on you're
shout out to Jack big giant staying up
late on the omegle Jack and the
Beanstalk let's do this photo good dear
what up what's up good dear
howdy niggas people I'm freakin I'm the
fan I'm the fan master Dennis I met you
in Columbus you're from Ohio mm-hmm
Westerville at the meetup we did with
Vitaly and Roman mm-hmm oh cool man
what's going on we're just hanging out
at crazy Russian hackers and she plays
the drums tweet oh nice
she plays the drums last time I was on
Omega she played drums for me in the
middle of the night hey we're not
what are you doing oh nice dude yo are
you wanna are you wanna are you want a
laptop or a tablet are you want a laptop
or a tablet is it is can you unplug it
and walk around with it
can you go can you go to the bathroom
and flush the toilet I want to see if it
goes the opposite direction Oh Dennis
that's a myth bro is it really what is
going on you have the coolest room I can
see you got a snowball mic and flashing
lights behind you and a wireless headset
how do you do this
Oh how do you do that just being a
badass here cuz your dad's awesome
that's why stop stop laughing what's
your name where you from what is it
don't worry from where were you
yesterday what time what did you eat for
lunch who were you with what car were
you driving what'd you use her name so
we just had the most interesting time
hanging out with my man justice in
Canada yo yo seems like all the cool
people are from Canada dude this guy's
straight-up legit oh I'm gonna check out
his channel man mostly justice he was
pretty good I like this my favorite
video he did so far on here is the five
types of people at school definitely
and guns was a close second yeah that's
funny everyone starts somewhere so make
sure you guys give them some love yeah
we funny handguns five types of people
school in this Amazon boxing Phil was
pretty funny cuz it was a big fail mmm
just as I didn't ask what the heck are
you doing up at like 1:30 in the morning
by the way what a man if I can give you
any words of advice is just keep doing
what you're doing do doing it if you
love it live it breathe it and just do
it every day I think you're on the right
track them and right track you doing her
right you keep going yeah much respect
hey you you need to get some rest breath
got school tomorrow yeah me too man I'm
old I don't stay up til 1:00 so nice
talking to you man nice talking to you
so goodnight keep up the good work and
we'll see you I'll talk to you again
soon take care brother
see it I'm right it's one third day I'm
ready for bed I think curl up mix this
fire it's he really is old hi Jase I
miss you mommy werster Oster us
windstream where are you going what are
you doing in bed
you big crazy Russian come on you did
great vlogging yesterday honey
yeah yes you did
this is crazy we're trying about the
curve vlogging and sending me clips
through Google Drive which should work
out I see them coming in it just takes a
long time that's the problem all right
guys it's morning dinner is over they're
making breakfast terrassa
yelling at everyone cuz we woke them up
too early if we're gonna start our day
so and unfortunately this is our last
day in Virginia Beach for tomorrow
morning we fly to Detroit this is gonna
be fun that part of our adventure is
gonna be really fantastic a minute yeah
oh and let me remind you when we are in
Kentucky me and Dennis I filmed a little
popcorn how-to video with our good
friend Jimbo the how-to redneck so make
sure you go check that out the links in
the description below that's it from me
here in Virginia that's it from Veronica
in Ohio and I suppose we will see you
back here tomorrow
you
