good morning guys
feels good today I got the vlog up we
had a good time last night hanging out
filming pranks talking and it feels
really good to get a lot today we're
gonna do some more how-to pranks some
more life hacks and just hanging out
with the crazy Russian hacker so won't
you join me
we're just fun-loving guy yeah well I'm
gonna be filming some how to Frank's
here with the crazy Russian hacker
you don't walk gladiators welcome to the
welcome to to Ross's house that's what I
should say yeah this is to Ross's house
than the board toy yeah Ross is minimal
right we should show them the laboratory
haven't seen it they haven't seen it no
one special
sure let's show it off we need the
guided tour from the man himself we
already met Luke some people usually
call it a garage but Ross calls it a
little because this one I don't want my
experiments so that's why I have to call
it lab order and guess well that's what
kind of balloons I have to that's huge
just huge it's like three feet bones I
like the beakers of Mirman yep wait
what's this that's magnet and the
Shady's
tanks all taken apart but this tank has
a really significant cool project
attached to it will show you when it
becomes more full of water but
yeah just wait what are you gonna call
it upset down the choir
eat this and say what upset Dominic whoa
upside down a query literally just been
playing with toys all day this is a
Russian rocket whoa
do it again taste person first pushes
our air blaster oh so cool getting
stir-crazy here we've been in this this
is the house we haven't left except for
girls store and pick up supplies what
are we gonna do next oh I know we'll
stick it in here tell me something
exciting tell me a story
don't give it away just call me so mr.
prompt do life hack tool you know blow a
bunch of those little balloons it serve
it hot or they're just too little it's
just too hard
just grab your like this yeah duster oh
it's got a hole in the bottom oh this is
this this is the copy balloon but unit
make sense you know got the wrong
balloons manases boom how awesome was
that today
good my house get one more bite do it
give it to me
here's me yeah oh I lost it yeah you can
see the turn white dirt again
do you we're in the middle of filming
right in the middle of it
got water on for this bit and Dennis as
usual disappears into the bathroom yeah
he's only his cellphone properly you
know we should do what you should go in
there and just beat the hell out of the
door three times that's three times
three times I've missed it but three
times then this has gotten himself with
his own prank we just finished filming
and it's time to check in at home hey yo
hey what you doing that's good that's
good hey dude what are you doing yeah
you having a good time yeah oh really is
that good yes
you should do me a favor you should give
mommy a big hug and kiss for me since I
can't yeah that's fancy
oh that's so nice thank you we'll take
it easy sit there relax get the movie
with the boys I'm gonna hang out with
the guys before we get some bed and
we're gonna busy day tomorrow actually
thank you
I'll try my best I'll try my best and
she's just great to Ross do you ever
miss your girl do you ever have to like
travel and fly away and yeah like
FaceTime it's that yeah yeah like
FaceTime I tell you what dude FaceTime
was the best invention yeah yeah yeah I
think I think we're it was so weird
finished filming and Ross has jumped on
some super smash brothers who doesn't
like super smash brothers so I think as
soon as he wins I'm gonna have to pick
up the controller and play you couldn't
ask for anything better
we did our job today we filmed videos
while now we're just so lucky to play
here Super Smash Brothers with us on the
Wii U which is pretty dang cool right
next to the fireplace in a super comfy
lounge chair for some reason I feel like
this is gonna be these kids this way
push
you are so red
all right gladiators three I thought
you're gonna die
you're gonna shoot off some giant what's
the pope papa
party poppers Betty poppers up one at
the time I'm gonna do them no okay let's
do it yeah I think this one is way
better so that one is awesome because it
have like you have this kind of silky
stuff and they want they freaky like
cool over users but don't point at
anybody's face they're gonna get blasted
that's right so that's insane awesome if
you chuck though a chopper arm you know
you could have a user on
clean up on aisle garage
you do miss me
filmed a bunch of how-to pranks in here
today and I just tried to microwave my
coffee and got the nasty Vaseline
fingers so okay that's the end of night
for us it's been a fun day filming
videos full date filming videos we
killed it today I think five videos were
shot I made it into our hotel room with
fruit on the walls tomorrow's another
food vlog yes I'm telling you the next
couple days is gonna be quite exciting
tomorrow's a food vlog with uh it's a
doughnut Joe Joe's dojos a doughnut shop
it's gonna be super fun we're gonna have
good eats for breakfast that's for sure
and then on the fourteenth 13th 14th
we're actually flying to Detroit to do a
really cool event for our Russian
friends Oleg my good buddy Oleg love you
dude that brings it to the end of the
end of the line for today I got nothing
else Dennis do you have anything alright
guys that does it for us today thank you
so much for watching we can't wait to
see you right back yeah tomorrow
