Oh kidding good morning everybody
welcome to our Easter clearly you can
see the Easter Bunny came and brought
kids bunch of cool stuff
loving the Easter Bunny we are just
about ready to head to church are you
guys ready yeah yeah
everyone is lovely Liza is ready oh why
the you look so cute
you got your cereal
ready for church honey yep who is gonna
kick today we'll bring an extra as the
church oh yeah we did it
it is beautiful weather all today
however it's supposed to rain I'm a fine
one you're sweating
oh good mama it's already 6:00 you got
an Easter bonnet and everything Oh My
look at you mama
work it girl work it mama I just still
in there we'll get her I was told that
on Easter Sunday the service would be
much more massive and there are so many
cars here like everybody wants to get it
in on this particular day
even the Atwood what a awesome service
that was we were joined by the Atwood
no big surprise I was happy to see Roman
show up this morning
and I'm just saying it was nice to see
like it's so crazy
well these there's a lot of extra people
here on kind of Sunday morning mr.
Sunday's well today but we actually get
to spend most threats today together
Eddie
unless you're breaking up well friend
someone well what a good start to the
day actually a full of good energy feel
good after oh yeah as you know every
single holiday we as a family son you'll
Roy's have lots to do and this one is no
different so first off for us is Broncos
Ramos rambling brain DRAM never let us
down this is beautiful
tell me what we've got your nose is
running
oh you're you're still cute we always
start with like fruits nor Derby stroke
or rolls and baked beans cocktail shrimp
that beautiful honey baked ham not as
beautiful as my wife since we're a
little bit behind the schedule for today
Bronk and I are going to split up
because Bryan and I have to check out
this new PAP papi right here we'll wait
to show you that in a minute but you
guys are going to go on to Roman and
Brett's okay and we'll be meet up with
you in a little while yeah it's good
isn't it they've our he is so much candy
today Kenya
new clue I hear hidden in the weed and
you're out here written down in the lead
that's a bad thing I thought I had I
thought I had two more blocks to the
show right
but I only had 15 totally and they're
all gone so this is the this is the what
is it called Ruger charger the Ruger
charger it's a 22 caliber pretty a
pretty cool little gun you don't have
the bipod on it but it takes a bipod
comes with it's cool-looking the like it
neat this will officially be my first
time ever riding with Kathy that's a
real do it do I have anything to be
worried about no no okay
I'm sure you're a pretty easygoing
driver yeah sometimes we call it Sunday
driver Sunday okay Easter egg hunt
starts at 4 o'clock from
4:53 so i hope we don't hit the 353 my
bad I forgot no diamond okay we made it
we are not late right on time
not late and I found some interesting
the moment I walked in the door
it's Easter festive but very confusing
don't you better get out bag of bunny
park it's a bag of bunny parks treats
from the bunny trail yeah I swear bunny
fart smell it melville bag I'm serious
so we're getting ready for the Easter
egg hunt again especially are these
lingual are they Robbie yeah the wrong
why not yeah do you should know we're
doing we're doing special kids gonna go
on
okay so real Roman Dale somebody else
behind a second think about some book
club I've already filmed anyone games in
the quantumatic look about there are a
wild assortment of different things
things you would really find anything
can you expect anything less from the
atwood house they're like all over the
yard easy ones hard ones small ones big
ones look right here's one just chillin
put it in push the egg in there put it
in here must go get more
what
which is yeah oh is a ball are you just
sitting in the mud candy put it in there
let's go find more guy - the guy
sniggering Wow oh that matches your
bucket pretty seat keep walking keep
wandering this is the part of the hunt
where most of the eggs have been found
but we're just kind of wandering around
double-checking looking for you know cuz
you can't just you could just leave them
out here but you wouldn't want to come
to the official Easter egg hunt Wow
what fun the kids got everything which
made candy $8.00
donkey poo I mean carrot suggest I
forget character ranch ketchup mustard
yeah all kinds of fun stuff he booked uh
negative right to eat again but we have
to go to stop number three so up to my
parents Riga over on the way I thought I
would share with you guys something that
I questioned earlier and I've never
really liked what the time it's trying
to figure it out
and that is like why on Easter do we
associate the holiday with Easter Bunny
and a stuff like that when the quality
actually fully encompasses the death and
resurrection right and so I found this
article which I'll also leave in in the
description read the article interpreter
how you will but there is actually no
correlation whatsoever between Easter
eggs on these and the resurrection of
Christ which the holiday is meant to be
fully about also alive it's fully asleep
now
all cheer week are you a close-up oh
she's awake
okay so extreme hangout session right
now at the table my parents look at all
this Easter stuff candy fingernail
painting and and empty plates and I'm
literally in a coma does anyone else
feel the same way we gonna come on I
mean so much very much candy I don't
know the kids are actually out there
watching like cartoons and stuff and
everyone's pretty much literally just
like this are we doing this again in
there well I got a perfect spot for that
is that for the kids the little kids
make it the big kids right over here
honey
there's a spot I've always thought it's
been uncovered what the landscape of the
yard has changed a lot because my dad is
building a new deck all the way around
the front of the house to wrap around to
the old deck it's pretty I don't know
it's pretty insane my dad's done a lot
of work out here but he's just starting
to get these the framing of the roof
together
come along pretty good but now we're
doing another Easter Egg Roll
for the kids and I mean we're just
getting it in we're getting all that
Easter fun and it's been a lovely day
guys just hanging out with family
talking sharing stories and stuff
catching up with everybody you can't
really beat it man
we just did a quickening the Easter egg
hunt just kind of enjoyed that one we
got we've got some footage of kids
earlier it's always fun it's like crazy
some animatic what did you show on that
note we're about to go home you guys
have fun Eastern yeah you know I love to
be here by down we used to it the kids
are all passed out alcohol probably
sugar coma something like that I mean
our house is a indicator of all stuff
that they got today like all the Easter
stuff these kids always make out like
bandits and I think every year I feel
like I want to like donate some candy
somebody something because there's just
too much they don't need that much it's
crazy such a wonderful day happy Easter
everybody I hope you enjoyed hanging out
with our families could all of us
together create what we know and love
and that is the biggest most happening
family on planet Earth
everybody has their differences but you
know working through them together is
what makes you as a family you know I'm
Sam mmm
she's just back there going we love you
guys so much thank you for hanging out
with us on this Easter Sunday and yeah
that's pretty much all we got for you
today thank you so much for watching
can't wait to see you right back here
well
