what it's happening everybody let me
start with a small confession New Year's
Eve I had such an awesome blog a lot of
funny stuff we played a lot of really
cool games at my brother's house and to
be quite honest I got really really
drunk spent the whole next day on the
couch which is why you didn't see an
upload yesterday I woke up and grabbed
my camera didn't remember that I didn't
pull the footage off and formatted my
car so I don't have my blog footage and
I really really sucks I'm kicking myself
in the butt because that would have been
such a funny vlog for you guys to see
but there's nothing I can do about it
now so well but it's a new year and I
gotta get back to work so today I am on
my way to Cincinnati Dennis and I are
working on a different project something
new that I don't think you guys have
really seen before so we're excited to
start on that and yeah I can't really
tell you much about it yet until Dennis
gives the okay but I think you're gonna
like it to be really cool all right here
we are at Dennis's look look what's
still here on the ceiling painted yeah
it needs to be done well you know I'm
doing like a best of 2014 and I'll have
it up in 2016 oh good bad I feel like I
should have helped you clean that but I
got her all over my face I'm not oh yeah
so we're getting ready to go film Dennis
you about ready all right Tracy's got
baby Alexander
I can't wait for mine I just can't wait
like a declaration okay I told everyone
this morning on the way that I deleted
all my footage oh yeah you told me too
he was he's bummed beautiful downtown
Cincinnati
we're on Court Street today filming at
the one and only Tom and she the famous
restaurant shark tank yeah these are the
same guys that they presented their idea
to shark tank they were successful so
now we have Tom chief it's really good
so we just got done filming a really
cool foods food segment with true he's
one of the founders and owners of the
Tom + Chee restaurant dude thank you so
much for having us thank you very much
for having me having me on your show as
a pleasure we had a blast down here
feeding everybody some grilled cheese
I'm telling you what this guy what would
you think Danny Boy I'm happy I'm like a
little kid I thought it was really good
and I think what was really really cool
was the fact that true the co-owner
actually came down you know good dinners
good boy Dennis yeah so true actually
came down and was with us for the
filming of that so it was a I don't know
that's pretty awesome you want to go to
a bunch of different restaurants and a
lot of them have the owners as we
already have it set up oh yeah we'll
have guests special guests
when I hit Philadelphia we got special
guests in Virginia Beach and we got
special guests in Louisville boom we
gonna make this hot I'm doing the camera
was the awesome camera you got that for
Christmas mr. Rowan Howard himself got
me this yeah no way that's awesome it is
awesome dad has a good gift I know so
like we said earlier working on this new
interesting type of food blog video blog
data series and Dennis at the end of
them is going to be working off his load
what you just ate so now we're gonna
we're gonna film the last
last sequence it's not necessarily
working off the loaders apart to run
throughout the entire night
yeah something this is not yeah so he's
gonna end the video burning off the
calories that he just consumed cuz you
know Dennis's lately he's been all about
fitness and find your max and not even
junior bacon cheeseburgers you should go
on the treadmill and see how far you can
run I like to see if you can do five
minutes on level six is less thing is
level six fast no ten minute while I
don't typically run on a treadmill but
just for the fun of it we don't figure
we could track what shoes or shoes bro
all right you know
might as well I might as well pump some
iron you know I mean
well when you when you eat like seven of
those gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches
in one day you're bound to sweat like
you look at that my taste the cheese's
thanks to my but every machine in here
yeah they're not you
did you bring this leg they probably
broke a sweat laughing literally rabbit
food carrots carrots celery broccoli
that's broccoli baby broccoli broccoli I
ever had before
yeah but what this will do is just see
like because I had all that nasty food
this will be like a bulldozer running
we'll help them I mean burn it off
whatever and this stuff right here the
celery is gonna be like there's my
my my but in my system it's gonna go
you're telling me that you're gonna eat
all of that in one go no this will be
while you guys are eating at the house
and then this will be on the road it's
by the time we get to Tom's house this
will all be gone and tomorrow morning
I'll unload everything right yes sir you
guys know this cozy little spot right
here it's Tom made how many compound
famine Tom I'm gonna say it right now I
freaking miss you dude you ready to do
some fun stuff in February of course I
am
of course that we're growing we're
growing her to comic-con Pat tomorrow
yeah tomorrow this is going to be your
redoing this room right yeah the time
you say who you want it you want it you
said you want on TV yes yes oh yeah two
of those damn things and another
furniture and going do something the
walls we're gonna do sound word right
yeah yeah yeah he redid the the podcast
room Louie show sure Tom's been super
busy look podcast room got a makeover
all sound absorbing foam
josh is still doing racing source which
is awesome all right
I'm proud of that kid dude he's so Brown
he loves it he loved it I'm so glad you
guys are here I'm glad to be here I'm
ready going Beth all mostly I know it's
late since the pictures are for you or
anything okay
of course Dennis it's the bathroom right
soon as we get here oh gosh Dennis come
on here's old Jimbo good
Jim's doing the old right know how to
super cool series we might actually film
some with that while we're here how do
you rednecks super fun 30 died all this
time and cheese for many Bell cheese
sandwiches knock Dennis out look at him
he's done you take your shoes off no
we're staying at Toms tonight it's a
slumber party man we always say at Toms
when we come stomped on will let us stay
anywhere else but to stay at Toms house
we gotta go let's go oh yeah deliriously
tired I can only imagine Dennis's but
his his kid new kid is seven weeks old
so Dennis right now is that the stage of
parenthood where you do not get sleep
whatsoever and I'll be there soon enough
it's tough yeah
so I feel for you I'm sorry I
immediately feel bad for the I want you
guys to meet Tom's new dog papi
hey papi who's Harry do not bite at all
never
anybody hi Parker hey Parker or what's
up buddy Park is awesome
Parker's my favorite yes he'll come down
and sleep with me in the base yeah a
nanny on the other hand well you guys
here Annie you remember Annie she's a
loner main complaint about this
maybe alone
used to come into Tom's and and work in
and making cool videos and stuff and
sleeping in the basement but now I got
Dennis with me I got I get like a bunk
body awesome I know they made that bed
Dennis has already called it but I
called this arrow bed I made Dennis
bring it because I've slept on it before
this little piece of pie is nice the
only reason why I brought it because
yeah and I confirmed it I was like yeah
yes let's bring here a bed yeah alright
guys so it's probably right about the
best time to go to sleep and I can't
tell you how much fun we had today
Dennis did we have fun are you gonna
snapchat me vlogging boo it's time to go
to sleep so say good night Dennis
snapchatters all right that's the end of
line for us today thank you guys so much
for watching we can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
