it all started with the very first vlog
January 7 2014
I didn't even know what I was doing all
I knew is that I wanted to do it if that
makes me sense
keep it when we're walking in the store
nobody would ever see that really little
you're pointing at the bag
Chase is pointing at me I'm pointing at
you put him up know at some point all of
us are gonna go home the story continues
you know I mean yeah but it's whatever
for now right Roman absolutely
absolutely
yeah I've been filming forever with
Roman and dentists the role of the
camera operator I thought I could be
entertaining as well so I started
vlogging and eventually did a couple
challenges and even pulled a few pranks
on each other during our prank week from
pouring flour on chase in the shower an
icy cold wake up the Jeep on fire the
stinky tuna liquid disgusting barf spray
in the disgusting rotten milk on chases
head we had a blast making each other
laugh we even took a few family trips to
the Outer Banks we had an accident on
the way even but it ended up being an
awesome epic surprise when we finally
got there I'll never forget the look on
her face when I showed up in the Outer
Banks and Veronica thought I was
supposed to be in LA it was perfect
and then for the rest of the time we've
had so much fun playing on the beach and
just spending time with the family I had
to travel a lot for work too
I ended up going to Kentucky spent a lot
of time with Tom mabe filming pranks I
went to LA on a mission to kill it with
Vitaly and his supermodels shooting
photos I even hung out with Alex Mandel
and was also there for the filming of
the natural born pranksters movie we
also found out we were expanding the
family and you guys were there to come
along with us to the appointment
you have also been there for
Thanksgiving and our Christmas holidays
2014 has been an incredible year and
most of you have been here for all of it
we would like to say thank you and happy
new year
and here's to making next year even
better than the last
you
