today starts out with the trip to the
mall because I got these shoes back here
the burrunjor got me for Christmas but
they're pretty dope oh and I got pipi
with me this way but they're 11 and a
half and they're too big
I don't wear eleven and a half so I wear
like ten Adele but Veronica liked that
style and she wanted to get him for me
she wanted to make sure I had him for
Christmas so she had to buy this so I
have to take him back to journeys and
basically order my size was the last
time you were in this mall ten years ago
ten years she it's been like ten days
for me
we just had Christmas bro don't you get
it
this place was alive with shoppers I
mean real ones the shop could you
imagine just picture it now out in the
field with that bad boy throwing mud
I want one it's really a food truck in
the mall how they get this food truck in
here I don't get it
dude I wanna I want a food truck meal
all right guys you're in for a treat
this food truck is called steamroller
bagel sandwiches and the guy just
explained it to me they their originated
in Miami University Ohio and they make
everything on bagel right but after they
make the sandwich well instead of me
describing for you he's actually he's
actually decided to let us in the
kitchen so we just show you how they
make it and we're gonna go with the
Reuben I love the Reuben the history
sure so where you want me to take
backbone good to you guys do you guys do
things that no one else does sure all
right so like I say it really weed this
is a new truck we started it in March so
our I'm sorry May and we've really tried
to focus Vaughn
and doing things that are really outside
of the box so we haven't been to
Columbus camp it's just a big push for
us places we decided that we have tried
to build an audience here in Lincoln
counties we've got by far the largest
from the truck audience and and we tried
all kinds of crazy stuff including like
being here as the world's first to a
drunk in a mall right we're in a mall
like we're in a mall this is a food
truck in the mall all right guys this is
Jack Jack's going to show us how they
make the Reuben steam roller bagel
sandwich this is a pumpernickel babe yep
there's one beef
sorry girl
and
Swiss cheese love Swiss cheese so this
is a steamer yeah it's a high-pressure
steamer it melts the cheese softens a
big whoa heats meet up
he comes now
it'll look like this oh my gooey mess
yep that looks so good so where can we
find you guys say that say the viewers
want a steamroller bagel sandwich where
we find a calm you can order ahead order
and buy a few days drive get here we'll
get it all set up it'll be ready when he
comes awesome good thank you so much
thank you I can't wait to eat yeah keep
the gloves clean Thank You boss there
you go let's see all right so here it is
the official taste test of the
steamroller bagel sandwich VJ pulled up
for me my bra
you know I love Reuben but I've never
had it on a bagel before
uncle stop I'm so wrong which one did
you get gel burn little bit turkey
lettuce tomato mayonnaise armours cheese
right delicious it's good mm-hmm Jay
thanks for the tour man thank you was
awesome
I just goes to show you man you never
know what you're gonna run into tomorrow
what a nice guy and they served
incredibly good food I never thought
that a Reuben sandwich on a bagel would
be so good awesome nice and melty and
soft try it out - trust me
really good spaghetti I love spaghetti
oh that's hot honey and I got her
favorite sauce I got this saw
specifically because Veronica likes
flavorless ever since we've got together
we've had this long lasting debate
between ragu and prego I'll eat prego I
just don't it's what is it it's just too
much flavor for your tongue the process
I think prego has the best tasting salt
ironical of this random this is just a
nice smooth sauce prego has like chunks
of tomato tomato and this chunks of
spices and yeah it's too chunky I like
the nice smooth sauce so much traffic :
how you feeling dude good you know I'm
feeling sick no more no I'm sorry you
got sick this morning
you don't feel hot your video games make
you feel better
we plan
Skylanders I think I don't want to make
any promises but I think Romans coming
tonight we're gonna play some video
games
hmm maybe some Call of Duty maybe some
Halo maybe some battlefield I don't know
but we're gonna do it what do you find
there BJ awesome nipple butter do you
want in on that I'm thinking about it BJ
found your nipple butter talk about sore
throat all I did was sucking a little
nipple for a minute sorts are gone what
you guys we're on
where'd you guys find this I'm gonna
have to go baby it's babies Bob my
babies or something my baby yeah I I was
just kidding about seconals everything
maybe I didn't know no it's mom and
nipples mom and nipples dude it's big
ones it says it sues everything from
Mama nipples baby cheeks yeah what's a
moment that mama nipples are the big
ones yeah reviewing love it
Chase is a little embarrassed he didn't
want to vlog about later we ran the
dishwasher last night great and we open
it up and there's water in the bottom of
it didn't drain wouldn't drain so
automatically just google search and I
came up with the top five reasons of why
the dishwasher isn't draining number two
it's either clogged or improperly
installed garbage disposer and we came
to a conclusion that that's what it was
so there is a little plug let me tell
you let me tell you short sweet and
simple the inlet valve for the garbage
or the dishwasher drainage has by
default a piece of plastic that blocks
it off in case you don't have a
dishwasher and I forgot to knock it out
so it was just running into a wall my
back it could happen to anybody
right so it looks like I'm headed to
Romans to play some games we're gonna do
a gaming night we're gonna record it and
I've convinced Roman to buy an xbox one
we're so funny yeah he's gonna go buy
one yeah so that we can play together
because he's got PlayStation and
and I'm not buying a Playstation 4 cuz I
just bought a Xbox one I'm taking mine
to his place and we're gonna go game
first I have to go wish my sister happy
birthday so let's get this let's get
this going
all right honey have fun with your nails
okay seen a bit love you make sure my
sick boys good boys have fun I'll see
you guys later tonight okay I made it
look I'm here and everyone's sitting
here waiting on me to light these
candles oh you guys are so sweet okay Oh
Garden breadsticks
oh nice order you know John what 37:43
happy birthday to you
yay Oh
Shawn's gonna work see I feel like one
of the only few that showed up for this
birthday party gramma grama of course
well I just want you to know I should
not because I couldn't let you miss out
on me I said it in Amanda for your
birthday and I'm sure yeah sure well
mostly boys by the Nightman I know man
is here we see you hi man love you girl
be careful now
check out this lamps that my mom was
amazing pass these are uh that's a DIY
project guys you guys this glass ball
fill it with sand and then shell right
then it's got some nautical rope for
some reason it's a lamp you put your
lamp on top the cork whatever you want
inside fill it with pudding if you want
yeah let it be a pudding made them for
sure in Europe I don't know she ran out
of sand so she couldn't make her own
lamb which I got Sam for my pain
send me some sand guys from all around
the world yeah not too much in one
package and probably cost you a lot of
money but if everyone sent like alright
so we've magically transported to Romans
house yeah I didn't use work I was about
to say dog talking my stomach no I have
no other excuse because the last clip of
me in my parents kitchen anyway we
decided to have a severe game night two
minutes so Roman just picked up two and
it's still hot still hot copies of Grand
Theft Auto 5 and we're about to game it
up check out the system
this is Romans TV he's so gracious let
me borrow but we got the al Qaeda hooked
up Xbox one into the laptop to the TV
and I've got the Yeti for some hopefully
hilarious commentary
to be so fun to get this alert I'm going
to worry though I plugged this game and
it's been downloading for like 10
minutes it's still on wonders yeah it
requires a bit of time to download
that's powerfully this becomes form out
of the cool gaming video apparently you
have to go through miles and miles of
story to get to online before you can
unlock your character before you can get
into the servers the servers have been
nothing but trouble tonight but Roman
made everything better we play the
nachos yeah LTZ 400 yeah you blog
watching damn funny where I'm at right
now if they're all stuck together
that's still one notch oh stop it you're
playing Lego right now listen you should
start
Veronica sign into my profile so I can't
play right now that's the problem
hey did we literally lost track of time
and it ended up being its 256 you can't
see it it's almost three o'clock in the
morning and we are just finishing
playing I gotta go home Veronica's been
texting me where are you are you okay I
didn't even realize it was late
all right Rome's that wasn't actually a
really good idea it was awesome so much
fun we got lost just need more time
yeah there's not enough time for that
not enough time for that tomorrow let's
try again tomorrow we'll do some other
 nice sleep tight good morning
sleepyhead
morning here's fluffy he's definitely
wired this morning oh she's that coffee
good
last night was a late night late night
thanks for calling breaking the link
between my eyes and the TV I was just
starting to organize look back up and so
nerd from himself that's what happens at
hardcore gaming well guys I got a bunch
of footage to sift through to see if I
can make anything out of what we what we
recorded last night
we would grab a cup of coffee and I'm
gonna get the vlog edited and uploaded
hopefully it turns out good the footage
that we shot if not hey we'll try again
I think what I'll do is upload the
gameplay that we recorded as a separate
video on the vlog channel because I
think today's vlog will probably be
pretty long anyways so make sure you
check that out that's the end of the
line for me today thank you so much for
watching
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
