I feel like a pilot whoo
but I got to pull it together because we
got to go hang out with my family at my
mom's house we're gonna do gift exchange
and we're gonna do dinner oh I can't
wait I am hungry but I don't feel good
Carson make me feel better I had to go
this morning and get among other things
a little bit of this date
help me get through this so we're going
to spend this Christmas Eve like we do
most Christmas Eves
the tradition each year is to go to my
parents house
we usually have all family functions on
my parents side at my parents house and
we're gonna eat food and exchange
presents but on the way we're gonna
listen to some Christmas music
Branko on solutions music connecting
I got nothing what do you think arse and
you like this song gingka pal you should
sing it can you sing it
she's gotta wear the same hat wow it's
beautiful I love it do you love it
mm-hmm you should keep it like that yeah
put yours on silly-billy only money what
come on Jimmy Oh
get here to our Christmas party my mom's
good hey Gaby you want to help give me
the food tour sure let's do the food to
our starting here we got pickles olives
celery
thank you for cheese cheese pasta salad
plate of solids know my crazy our potato
salad don't know thank Totoro that's how
we do it at the Gilroy slash user slash
careful of slash what you need a car
thing yeah
did you get one - miss fully beat up
this is for everyone and handed them
they shot it out Nosed Reindeer
we've worked until present time person
would you get yeah that's pretty sweet
that's awesome what's that a blowgun
dude we're gonna get into some trouble
with that one person what'd you hit it's
a blowgun it's a gift giving friends
we're gonna use that tonight presents
were over now it's dry desert what no I
didn't throw that bread pudding it looks
like garbage
gee thanks chase well I'm being honest
look at it looks like we don't wanna try
it
I want a spoon I need to try it you
believe that moments ago my grandma took
a sip a Mountain Dew and nearly lost her
life she was choking grandma telling me
I was choking she was choking and cannot
breathe so I had to reach around and
give her the Heimlich I did the Heimlich
I love you I can't let you go that's why
I rescued her yes I rescued her just
like I rescued my dad from the ocean
when did you rescue me I haven't rescued
you yet but give it time I'll get there
rescue my dad my dad we were all
swimming in the ocean and a current
started to pull him out and he could not
keep up with the end he goes I might
need help I had this mountain get him no
no are you so excited this night yeah we
wake up in the morning Santa Claus has
already come come gonna bring your
presents it's gonna be so good
we're ready v mizzle yeah I'm ready now
she wants you to smell this I'm smelling
crap
okay hey love you good night thanks for
having us Merry Christmas Eve Merry
Christmas we'll see you in the morning
bright and early
okay seven o'clock look Dallas my OG a
rod back home we got a Christmas tree
set we got take down that fence before
we go to bed guys don't forget we gotta
set cookies out for Santa you're gonna
help him right okay
and we got this new plate just for
Santa's cookies and milk this is the
tradition don't load him up he doesn't
he doesn't like carbs too much I know
that okay every year on Christmas Eve
the boys and us we put out cookies for
Santa because we know it's hard work
traveling the world and delivering
presents to all the good little boys and
girls right yeah so cookies for Santa
and some milk
I'm not sure he's gonna want all those
cookies at least maybe you could just
take its choice okay okay ooh what if I
want that one spit all right so what do
you say we do some holiday shout outs
shout out to Alex right we wish you a
Merry Christmas
shout out to Tom from the newsroom Merry
Christmas
shout out to dis Basco for always making
my morning so hot you want to give a
special shout out to Bobby Smith TV from
Charlie Smith best friend I wish you a
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas charlie
special shout out to Tim Hortons for
their super delicious Turkish coffee I
want to give a special shout out to my
man Ryan masseter official who's been
there since what it feels like they won
Merry Christmas Ryan thank you for being
with us
I wanna give a special shout out to
Silvia your boy
Big Dawg cares a lot about you and you
know just hang in there this year will
be better Merry Christmas
okay we want to give a special shout out
to Allah and Gary McHugh from Ireland
yeah Irish our Irish brother and sister
twin Merry Christmas guys Merry
Christmas special shout out to Maison
Vic my dude keep up be positive I think
if you stick with it you'll do good
things so Merry Christmas brother good
luck in 2015 special shout out to
Folgers for always being the best part
of waking up I know we can't give a
special shout out to every single one of
you that would probably be a really long
video but to every other gladiator out
there we truly do appreciate you and
we're so happy that he took the time to
spend with us on your holiday season so
for that we thank you and we wish you an
absolute Merry Merry Christmas
Jesus Harden
alright guys that wraps up our Christmas
Eve from our family to yours
a true Merry Merry Christmas thank you
for joining us today I hope you have the
best day ever
and I suppose we can't wait to see you
right back here
