good morning everybody we are starting
our day at the doctor's office another
routine baby check them for Miss
Veronica look at her she's just getting
so everyone says man why do you let your
woman drive oh she's pregnant well
Veronica gets insanely Carson and she
insists to drive it's not it's not my
mind it's not my mind desire to make her
drive
I would rather drive I'd be barfing if
he drove wait really I can't like put it
on there yeah I do look at this thing
it's okay
it's like a roast it's ready for my the
oven
at 1:36 nice good now you're all juicy
yeah what do you think a doctor's
appointment
you heard the heartbeat at the baby well
now that rule was so training yeah all
doctor's office rooms are really kind of
you here we go Tim Hortons
this is our favorite after doctors women
stop simple Tim ho Tim ho oh dear Canada
would you be so kind to allow me to you
know indulge in your establishment
Veronica's taking the day off from work
the smile board or to hang out with the
family but more importantly or is it
more importantly I don't know
she still hasn't gone Christmas shopping
sure someone named cheese Gilroy
how could you do that of course I've
been the best kid of all this year how
do you know yes you said look we just
dropped the orders off at the post
office and we got comes from Andrew from
California Andrew says hello Gilroy
family I hope your holidays are great
mine is fantastic good to know Gilroy
and Veronica you both have great family
and now expecting a new baby I hope your
children know that they are blessed with
a fantastic dad and mom you hear that I
hope so
hope your holidays are fantastic yours
Andrews my Christmas wish is PS my
Christmas Christmas wish is to meet the
whole family I live in Los Angeles
well well Andrew we don't all go to Los
Angeles as a matter of fact we've all
never been to Los Angeles just me so
hopefully in the future I can bring them
out and if we do we'll do a meet-up
okay I promise I'll do a meet-up I have
a great idea we're gonna do holiday
shout outs and tomorrow's vlog so what I
want you to do is leave a message in the
comments who you'd like to shout out and
we'll send you guys a video holiday
greeting and the vlog how's that that
cool yeah yeah I think that's cool so
leave your comments down below with the
holiday greetings and won't read them in
tomorrow's vlog well boys play some
games and I have a little bit of
Christmas shopping left to do
procrastinator here remember I gotta go
battle the
the people out there trying to get their
last-minute gifts because it's fun I'll
be back love you me and a certain
somebody have wasted all the time up
until now to get our my wife and his
girl presents I'm going to pick him up
right now Oh Pickerington Pickerington
Ohio did you just get busted for filming
yeah I got a pass I bought a hat I walk
in and Romans getting in trouble for
filming inside Barnes & Noble and II
forgot to give Brittany the truck keys
you guys wanted to see the most annoying
thing ever
I mean I've come on my oh look at the
pretty lights look at the pretty light
no horn I doesn't even look at me I know
it's so foggy their mama dude I mean
that messes with my eyes camera if I
takes it in while that does it let me
drive first hold on look just like I'm
always on my phone he's always on this I
don't know where to go but we probably
picked the worst possible spot to go
shopping
Easton it's like crazy this is great
instead of Christmas shopping why don't
we just have a drink I'm down I'm down
he wanted to be in my movie he wants to
be in the movie so he can juggle that
was good you want to watch it yeah do it
again do it again
that's awesome good for you man ma it's
funny you'd think you'd hear like Merry
Christmas or jingle bells all we hear
when we walk down this street is oh it's
rolling always I'm sitting right now
watch one of these guys are gonna know
you I guarantee you I'm gonna keep it
rolling you've seen the movie elf yeah
i double-dog area
to get in line and stand up and yell
yeah you know what happens if I do that
last time I got in the middle kicked out
see what I mean I got all of my shopping
done now we're just trying to get what
Roman needs you know empty handed I got
nothing it sucks it's almost like when I
walk into a grocery store and I knew all
the things that I wanted but once I get
in there it's like I need to go through
every off do you know how hard it is to
find a good gift with that for 14 cents
these stairs are seriously like ice
dude don't whatever you don't look
behind you
there's someone nutted all over the
floor man really it's not my god
I've never ever been to a field and
stream it's my first visit but my first
take on it is this place is huge
Oh Roman just what I always wanted
our last stop hopefully is probably one
of our biggest mistakes oh my gosh it's
like walking in the trenches Walmart and
it's hopping you have a camel pack to
survive look at this pile it's trashed
get him whoop his ass weight shoving in
his ass I'm gonna do that alright just
got back to my place which is a lot of
Secret Santa shopping today do you think
it went well yeah I'm just glad to be
home let's see what's going on my house
he came boom he's out he out
what's happening here what's wrong he's
ready fluffy you're nuts you ready let's
I got a new laser pointer fresh
batteries very bright ready fluffy
what did you fart what zombies yeah how
do you feel today curious how you feel
awesome yeah I spawned a baby zombie
yes he's not affected by this fear at
all
he's so slightly feverish mommy's making
eggs for breakfast oh yeah I'm gonna be
honest I don't feel very good I have
like a sore throat and it bums me out
cuz I hate being sick for Christmas and
I don't want Carson to be sick for
Christmas I don't want everyone to be
well and have the best day ever
I'm gonna focus on drinking some hot
coffee get myself together maybe think
about going kiss some dayquil and
continue our Christmas Eve day there's
gonna be a lot of fun so make sure you
leave your comments for the holiday
shout outs we can't wait to do that for
you guys tomorrow
and yeah so that's about it thank you
guys so much for watching we can't wait
to see you right back here for Christmas
