I spent way too much time in front of my
computer today I took a job to do
another online store which you know I
set up Romans and Batali's so I was
contacted to set up another ecommerce
store and it's this one's kind of tricky
I freed myself to get out and do
something and that thing I have to do is
go pay my car payment we got to eat
dinner
Veronica's charged me with the task of
going to Kroger and buying some food for
dinner however I think the easiest route
is going to be tacos I'm out of the
essence of Gilroy so I need to read up
on my coffee I think I'm gonna go with I
did special roast last time let's see
what this Breakfast Blend is all about
this place is so busy I barely got out
of here with my life I'm gonna tell you
guys the story back when it was this
months ago my one vlog camera took me
took a crap and Dallas had one and I
needed it in a pinch so he gave it to me
so thank you for that Dallas and now
that I got a new camera
I just gave Dallas one of our old ones
so there you go and he says you know
what I'm gonna I'm gonna give it a shot
I'm gonna see if I can blog so Dallas
blog boy that's crazy all right
while I'm waiting for the rest of the
family to come home I'm trying to get
dinner ready for him I wanted to try and
do something fun tonight because well
everyone's home and I've been stuck in
my computer all day so for dinner
tonight I'm making overly processed meat
product can't be sure if it's beef who
knows but a shirt turn out to be tacos I
saw a comment yesterday that someone
wanted to see they saw these pictures in
the corner here and they wanted to know
what they were so I suppose we'll do a
quick segment called what's on my wall
this one right here is of our wedding
and you know just pictures it's a family
and we got married in Bronco to our
wedding day happiest day of my life
married my best friend I hope you guys
are so lucky to find that special
somebody and marry the person that you
feel like you can't live without because
that's exactly what I did that's
Veronica's best friend Tara she's always
had the craziest hair those good times
be my mom and Colin hmm I was so
disappointed with my my outfit and my
hair for that day like my hair was cut
too short the collar on my the white
shirt for my tuxedo was all messed up
and I didn't realize it until after I
saw the pictures you know I was just
like what the heck here is from mega
wave films way back when we used to film
sketches and stuff like that this is
just a poster that I think Roman made it
things all kinds of pictures and when we
used to film sketches and stuff there's
ol Gil right there with so much fun
doing that stuff just the most of
random-ass videos that you did make no
sense who's one with us together
all kinds of cool stuff oh hey the
family's home hey hey guys how was the
Atwoods yeah tacos are done would you
like a taco Batwoman I know she resorted
to wearing my clothes and I'm not much
bigger I don't know how that works
you're just gonna stretch out all my
shirts now we're gonna have this little
I hope for crying out but Jesus for
cryin out but Jesus I hope they go back
to normal
I couldn't make tacos like a normal
person with shells you put your meat in
the shell then your lettuce tomato
cheese but Veronica she's unique he
makes the taco salad mm-hmm it's all the
same ingredients yeah yeah that must be
how girls do cuz I'd rather make a huge
mess we're thinking about the baby girl
have we said have we said what we think
her name's gonna be yet I don't think we
have but that's it but that's it let's
just do it now let's just do it now
we're into everyone with the name is
good
Colin Carson we'll let them tell you
come here we want to tell everybody what
the baby's name is gonna be I'm just
learning up and you guys do me a favor
and tell everyone what Eliza's name is
gonna be
what was that all I think you're right
Eliza Gilroy the middle name is still
under discussion but Eliza Gilroy will
be her name
thinking Liza it's pretty name they just
said we were like what should the baby's
name be and they chose both of them
unanimously said Eliza it was during the
big announcement he just said if it's a
girl it should be Eliza yeah because
it's the most beautiful name on the
plane I've never seen so much and we're
moving on we were thinking about her so
we have the stroller and it's in a box
so we need to assemble it and that's
just what I need this time of year is
more assembly it looks like I only have
to assemble the wheels that's it this is
her car seat nice pretty well our little
baby girl is gonna sit right there
struction someday you all have one oh my
god I'll have three you won't so many
waves are in the ocean okay how many
needles are on that Christmas tree Ricky
I guess $200 200,000 hmm and how many
how many hairs are on top of your head I
get I got to take the kids to bed I want
you guys to sit here and spend a little
bit of time with the baby just hang out
with the baby guys we'll be back we'll
see you in a bit here's what you have to
ask yourself why is chase starting the
day with his hair down but it doesn't
have any pants on
I had one of those morning's where you
put your pants on and you go to buckle
your pants like button your pants and
the button fell off so I had this like
moment of doubt in my head like am I
getting fat my pants don't fit me
anymore am I getting fat it's just
because they were sewn improperly at the
factory that's my guess we're actually
on our way to a doctor's appointment
she's got baby doctor's appointment
we're getting close to you guys we in
really really close we're inside a month
give or take five weeks don't leave
without me I'll be right there that's
about all we got for you today thank you
so much for watching and we can't wait
to see you right back here
you
