okay so you remember how yesterday when
I said we're always late procrastinator
we're supposed to be over her mom's for
dinner at 3:00 and I still have to wrap
these I just have to wrap these these
are the gifts that we got for Kane and
then Noah and then her mom Britney movie
just I need a hurt his Haggard package I
don't claim to be a good rapper at all
watch watch how I do this
oh great
maybe you can't see what's in it that's
all it matters ready for another
Christmas party a nice Christmas party
central right now seriously
oh and aren't you guys super proud of me
I I closed the vlog last night instead
of today are you ready she's totally not
ready should I go over without you
and put some clothes on
all right I'll see you over there hmm
she's a little bit naked I'm taking this
beanie over and show Rome and I haven't
really shown him my new design yet so
let's go party guys let's go party again
I'm greeted at our Christmas party with
some some tipycal alcohol
is it good let's try it I like George
that's fantastic
she likes the chocolate are providing
orange we're inside out
nope fun anybody bring their own shot oh
no rum chata you know we could go get
some really good it it's really good
it's a little thick yeah I'd break it up
a little but good good flavor what's
your favorite thing what's your favorite
thing on there
oh my ham god but I like cheesy potato
soup my favorite thing isn't the roll
it's not even the potato it's me it's me
man bean bean casserole that's good too
but I left it all for you man they're
all done eating
work it work Carson can you give out
these presents these are our presents
look here give this to keen and this and
this we shut open that right now huh
that's the old-school electric what do
you get nice that means we won't be
hearing video games in the background
where'd you get that oh man you got
headphones - oh dude it's a good day oh
that's awesome
best part about Christmas is dad gets to
put all the batteries in do all the
assembly we got batteries it's on
ready set go
hey Colin Colin no drinking and driving
you hear me trucks together but their
coats on and go outside in place today
here let me hold it it's not Legos sound
like it is they gonna explode my picker
Winston's in LA I know you guys gonna
get to enjoy superior quality vlog
footage thanks to Romeo yeah thank you
you guys
I know I know this is the next level huh
let's check out the boys in their trucks
how are they guys could be awesome okay
I think it's safe to say they like them
no how's yours do it what are you
waiting for
I bet that thing and do wheelies man how
big that thing is
some tires holy cow it's not the full
setup but we want to put this track on
the table so that we didn't the dogs
didn't get it so we just did like a pill
shape track we got a bunch of leftover
pieces here man you got a awesome tracks
rolling that's gonna be really cool if
you put it all together I'm gonna plug
it in get the controllers and race
I'd like to take his neck and neck but
actually oh grandpa Jake gave me two
really full presents homemade apple pie
moonshine and this really spicy
he calls it pepper butter what it's just
like a hot mustard all kind of spice
stuff in here great for pretzels I love
this stuff I think the track was the hit
at this party
me and keen your laps Carson you can't
even hear us yeah man she really got you
there the dogs love it even with all the
confusion Carson is still right here
playing games
because headphones really do a good job
of blocking out the sound is that how
you your ice cream now mm-hmm
hey right out of the carton that's yeah
you are you're pretty good this is weird
I got a new camera to look at I made a
mess with it
boys are enjoying some game time what do
you plan plants vs. zombies garden
warfare fun game fun game I have to play
a different game I have to it's sick
disconnected from Xbox Live I can't deal
with this hmm can deal with Xbox Live
well it's better Xbox or Playstation
probably PlayStation y-yeah PlayStation
4 why is the place that you're better
than the Xbox cuz it has well there's a
game section just like this one except
you get to go down Oh who's got better
graphics PlayStation
who's got cheaper games PlayStation
which one came from the Chinese
PlayStation which one's made like total
crap I told him that the last person
upstairs was a rotten piece of poop
all right everyone good night time
thanks for coming our Christmas
celebration no we're going to bed bags
midnight dude say good night say good
night Carson we had to kind of duck out
last night because we had to wrap up
some things from yesterday yeah yeah
oh there's B nizzle hey so I hope you
guys are having a good holiday break I
think by now everyone's on like holiday
break from school and whatnot I'm gonna
continue today I have some work to get
done I'm doing some web design today so
that'll eat up a little bit of my time
I'm gonna try and get that done as soon
as possible so we can continue doing
some cool stuff the kids are on
Christmas break they're going to
Veronicas I'll be heading over there
later and we'll just we'll just be I'm
fun Veronica's all Romans yeah yeah yeah
true dat alright guys that about does it
for us today thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here
