good morning guys we are out on the
Santa trail today we are it's almost
Christmas and we have a little bit of
shopping left to do now so we got to
take this check and all the rest of our
monies our hard-earned monies and go
blow it all on our kids you ready yep
Veronica loves the shop let's do this
that's right let's go spend some money
how you just blow this response here
take it
Cheers be responsible do good things get
out of my Jeep I'm doing I'm doing the
gentlemen thing and letting her out
right up front so she doesn't have to
walk right bar yeah as long as long as
this car gets out of my way get out of
my way car how lucky is this front row
wide open Wow
welcome to the Walmart toy section where
we teach you how to spend ridiculous
amounts of money for kids who don't
really appreciate it right ha
there's only one stop one stop the bar
and the number keeps climbing
I can't even can't get I'm gonna have to
go like wash dishes or I'm gonna have to
sell my body on the street corner toes
bunny Hollow and take a look at how
crazy Toys R Us is people everywhere
everywhere you look people people every
aisle across the nation is the word of
the day
next I know we're gonna be getting girl
stuff good how wickedly awesome would
that be if you came downstairs Christmas
morning and saw this big man of jam is
sitting there yeah this is so tall stand
next to it it's like as almost as tall
as Veronica whoa look at that
Godzilla toy
I found a pair of those turtlebeach
headphones in there you put those
suckers on they're incredible
I might I might actually one pair of
those for Christmas hey Santa we're
running out of time we're out of time we
got to go back home get the boys we got
a Christmas party to go to another one
this is the busiest time of year busiest
time I didn't tell me someone that you
know wouldn't love to get 1 pound of
Hershey's candy cane
Veronica's making queso dip crock pot
stop we're gonna take to this Christmas
party tonight yeah check this out
I am making these little bags it's it's
more of like a homemade gift it's
actually stovetop every person's hoping
it's still top potpourri it's an orange
fresh cranberries cinnamon sticks and
then we've got nutmeg and cloves and
what you do is you slice up the orange
and then you add everything to like a
small pot and then you add 2 cups of
water and you're just simmer it on the
stove and it makes your house smell nice
and Christmassy you just hired help
partners that would smell good we'll
just leave that mess yep and we got to
go cuz we're always late as usual three
minutes till all right let's go let's go
this is what it's like your grandma
Smith house all this food all these
people even that one guy roaming out
with us you know what do you think about
that don't worry about he's fine man no
don't say anything
dang look what oh my god yeah yeah show
me what you got what is that
it's some minecraft gasps OH
what'd you get
what no way yeah that's wicked awesome
you want me to open it okay where'd you
get their box open it I can't wait
another box
wait is that mine
light a torch you know what I've been
just awesome if someone got you smile
moistures we're good
look at this bright white Christmas tree
that's crazy
I've never ever seen a white Christmas
tree oh yeah I mean look you ever seen
no never seen a pink one stink bugs this
is where all the kids can hang around
like toys and beanie babies that looks
like a baby look at all these beanie
babies yeah that's a real man right
there all right everybody the moment
you've been waiting for Carson
it's real class you got ready to go my
love let's do it muster the strength I
bought too much of a too much today I'm
just wolf you're still the most amazing
woman on the play lid cheese she's the
most amazing woman on the planet
all right guys you ready go home did you
enjoy your presence you got spider and
the gasps super awesome all right guys I
got a challenge for you let's see if you
guys are still awake by the time we get
home okay okay we'll see after stopping
it gasps look how much this gas is that
is so cheap two dollars and eight cents
what's going on right now I'm not
feeling I don't trust what's happening
something Bad's about to happen because
we're getting cheap fuel
I'm sorry we're getting cheap patrolling
it's like somebody made it good job guys
I'm proud I'm pretty proud actually high
five high five low fives nice back home
kids got bad they're like dad you made
me turn with tables you can blog with me
it's just the name of the game bro yeah
we've had a busy day we went in town
until up at a shop and went Christmas
party had good food did you have good
food give me five
I want five how about you calling can I
have four five well the kids are going
to bed and you know it's gonna be not
long after that we follow suit so I
assume that you guys have had fun
hanging out with us today I know we had
fun having you with us but that's about
the end of the line for us so we are
going to bid you farewell and hope and
pray that we see you right back here
tomorrow
