you
welcome to the barn guys Ninja is
getting a path now that
yeah wrong having a hard time with the
horse it's nice enough to be wet out
today it's very warm and he's just like
I'm over I don't want to be washed
anymore I want to be like you know guys
over the past few months
Veronica's like taking a more aggressive
role in like keeping after ninjin stuff
it's a really cool see really sexy to
see Veronica tackle her passion like she
is good we got all the kids here now
both boys stayed over at their cousin
Veronica's cousin Amanda's last night
come on Liza she wanted her baby but now
she doesn't Eliza also spent the day
with Nana and Britney just hanging out
having fun and I had to keep this camera
on charge you ever like plug something
in and then you go to grab it in the
morning and you realize that you plugged
it in but the actual plug part wasn't
plugged in who's the king of the hill
well it looks like it's Noah nothing ah
well of course Bearsville short go go go
go oh geez Carson moved inside and and
just dried out and we put him up gave
him some hay look who I got
it's Norby it's norbi say hi Normie
behind orbit hey Tessa she's back there
she just went actually grabbed uh-oh she
just grabbed rein her she is going to
attempt to get on Norbit bareback do you
want me to walk beside you with this
just in case or nacho says I'll be
alright I'm just going to cook it
sideways if it starts getting goofy on
Alissa's back there and she wants to
ride so bad this girl right here she
wants to ride and I don't have a saddle
for ninja right now we may throw her on
Connor just wants to get Connor out I
may throw her on him he's got P whoa
look at that stream what I want you to
do let me get them also getting on Oh
like wait what are you going to do oh
right swing jump up and just swing your
leg like jump on yeah Oh waters of hip
hop and cool PML teary-eyed over here
Amanda your baby on that board yeah good
enough with your here in a straight you
bought that be a business is as funny as
when I first got on the horse Alyssa is
ever rid of horse before and she written
it over it again oh yeah totally
different ways here we decided we were
going to spend the day over here because
it's nice enough to be outside you miss
vineya it's nice enough to be outside
and Veronica wanted to give them into
that run around the circle but you spin
you just as well like this don't fall
are we doing this we're cooking food
more than food I was just thinking in
another 30 minutes I'll probably be dead
honest in the day over here hanging out
with the horses it's beautiful weather
look at these trees look at that you
can't really see it very well but
everything is blooming like the
beautiful day and everything
screams and alive feels fantastic
Mary what's happening oh good god
beautiful sunset cookout Dan's actually
around the grill it's not me is it
actually they said Dan does most the
cooking here
and Tessa exactly like me
if I got to do the cooking it's usually
pizza good you don't like it or you want
to put it back Oh Liza's hangry they're
angry let's get a hot dog
this is she's falling apart quick honey
she's pretty to me I'm gonna help get
it's amazing what I love the food will
do tear your emotional pattern how you
doing you angry I'm not angry I'm la I'm
trying to hang your in mom mode looks
like I don't get that very often I'm
just trying to make sure everything has
clean hands oh yeah like I I know you
guys have I have one now I have like a
whole weight class yeah all of us great
celebrity kids really benign or there's
only three of mine oh I know it's here
so that's five and put mine that Cup yes
thank you that kids yeah I went from one
to five and then guests and Alexis I can
handle a couple kids just call now it's
gonna be fun how do we make all this
food how do we get everybody happy you
just do it one plate at a time you're
gonna feel like really good at this with
your prose and I'm like trying to help
us feed horsies okay let's go feed
horses okay close the door see you say
hi Connor Vito come here she just wants
to play in the dirt look at her so this
your excuse to get out here and play in
the dirt you're not feeding horses who
looks at you I am here it's a step
called a mounting block yeah yeah yeah
take it off
look it's like a stepstool to get on
horsies behind me now you don't clean
you got a bath Oh
now taking three Minda right
passes over here feeding my kid horse
feed whoo let's do this what are you
eating Carson what is it that this is
barley that's barley how's it taste
you got to that up to and get the piece
on the inside out you'll see that
there's like something in the barley I
eat the little piece on the inside
that's what tastes good oh please
yeah not good she wants to blow bubbles
when we're enjoying a nice hot fire are
you sleepy
it does make you wanna cook sleep like
that what's the matter you wanna go play
testing dan just finished feeding the
horses back there we're enjoying a nice
little fire before we go back to our
house oh she's been impossible huh
that's what happens when you don't have
a nap yeah what's this Freddie watch
this ready
Liza good morning
do you want more yes you're crazy
she wants more fruit snack you got it is
beautiful today it's already it's only
nine o'clock in the morning and it's
already almost 70 degrees it's going to
be so nice and for that reason we need
to hurry up and wrap up today's video so
I can get ahead of it or we could go out
do some more fun stuff
one more ha
tomorrow guys Easter I wanna go Easter
egg hunting
oh boy you go get to me three oh you
were more yesterday was such a just a
chill fun day at the barn with ninja and
we hung out as a family and just kind of
bonded seen Veronica doing what she
loves to do which is I think be with her
horsey huh she loves her horses okay
did you like ninja no she don't like
ninja so that my friend is where we're
going to leave you for today I want to
wish you guys a very happy holiday
weekend and remember a lot of you guys
put it in the comments you get it right
this holiday is about success and
resurrection of our Lord and Savior
Jesus so recognize that while you're
opening your candy tomorrow and
fulfilling every dentist wildest dreams
don't go too crazy on the candy and yeah
that's what we'll leave you for today I
want to say thank you so much for
watching we can't wait to see you right
back here yeah
tomorrow
