what tough guys it's the first clip of
the day currently that's off it's 3
o'clock 3 o'clock we just went to the
boys school for a little Christmas party
I had cupcakes and cookies and some fun
games and stuff it was fun what yeah
well you didn't see Colin's classroom
yeah we're starting late because well I
had to work this morning as you know and
then show much of that because I didn't
really think that was necessary but
anyways tonight we are going to an ugly
Christmas sweater party easily and we
got to bring a dish so we're gonna go to
Kroger pick up something we're gonna
bring cheeseball and then go home and
make our ugly Christmas sweaters but
Veronica needs to take a nap because she
didn't sleep very well last night
three
so I'm going to prepare both of our
Christmas sweaters come here look I just
got a package from the old UPS guy you
want to see it yeah that oh I know what
do you think about that is that awesome
or what
awesome put on your head oh is it well
it's been outside that's pretty dope
that is pretty dope I like it
well you think so cool I thought that
just this little tiny little design on a
beanie would be just perfect and I think
it looks sick that's sexy that's sexy
actually that's really sexy he also sent
me a few stickers which is totally rad
you know what I'm gonna have to do I'm
have to put a sticker on my macbook the
gladiator stickers Thank You Jake for
the hats they Rock they're totally
awesome so here's the design that I'm
doing for my ugly Christmas sweater even
though my sweater vest technically isn't
a sweater and it's not Christmassy so I
have to make it Christmassy with these
lights so I'm using these
battery-powered lights and I've just cut
holes in the where all these diamonds
meet and I'm poking them through and
it's that simple really
let me show you the finished product
this is how you win at an ugly Christmas
sweater party look at that it's so cool
well it's kind of cool but I think it's
awesome
look Christmas sweater vest boy honey do
you like it
is the awesome and since we're running
really late on time my mom's helping me
do Veronica's which is just a Christmas
tree squiggly basically don't even
though it's kind of like stay better
stay well the other ones the largest
that I saw were like this shirt they
like go down very extra we can we can we
can take care of that my parents came by
to pick up the boys but they
inadvertently helped to sell with her
ugly sweaters
my mom is come on mom you're just trying
to plug their belly hanging right Oh
what about if we tighten the shirt I
think the idea is there it's definitely
there it just needs a little finessing
like one more thing there's I think is
where you're going with that it has we
need another label that thing up is to
make sure you're good at grandma's okay
okay
don't get into trouble okay no girls no
alcohol
no partying you got it okay I'll take
care of all that except for two girls
cuz they're right there
their lights what ready just hold on
hold on I'll line it up for you
how's that cool be good okay
thank you dude okay welcome to Bob's
house Bob welcome stay welcome to the
gladiators and this is the whole
internet watching this not the whole
internet but dude look at your tree whoa
Bob just convinced me that we need to
take a shot tell me what's in this shot
Kahlua Bailey's and 151 151 this is PJ's
older brother all right you've seen
peepee we're calling PP j PP he hates it
because you guys hated oh I was gonna be
like this big no wait a second you don't
blow it out before you drink yeah
oh you brought up you see it oh my god
the rim wow dude it burns me
already making messes now it's a part
now it's a party PJ is it better trashy
wins the trash you in I've never had
turkey this way Bob chase wait just
please let me see it dude I have never
ever ever had deep-fried Turkey and just
what happens this isn't deep-fried
Turkey it's infrared cooked tricky
there's no grease in here whatsoever in
there with heat I figure you know if you
want really okay holy crap it's hot
well yeah I can't cook turkey cold
delicious I'm gonna tell you this turkey
is so juicy flavorful it'll be like this
every time know that turkey mac and
cheese potatoes believe it or not pizza
rolls the cheese ball runs we made now
everyone's down here let's see what
they're doing
PJ you coming come on PJ
okay we're going downstairs to the
dungeon
oh we know what this is
whoo oh fail oh yeah
Kyle and Jer takings trickshotting to a
whole new place sink it dude
sink it what this is what they're doing
incredible man this is the girls party
right here that's the hangout session
just to relax recline and hang out sesh
with the big-screen TV I don't know
which is better I actually couldn't
decide between that but I did decide
beer pong hey Veronica is definitely
driving us home
well you might as well take this camera
I'll be be honest did I get too drunk
last night no no no that's fine we're
gonna we do it in the morning now
because my recap the last the yesterday
we recap the day that's how we that's
how we're doing this no tell me if you
think that's stupid but I don't think
anyone else does that all right we're
gonna call it yeah well how cool is it
that they get to see part of our day
that's the day I upload it hmm how
awesome is it
so Veronica's trying to nurse me back to
normalcy because I feel kind of hang
hangover ish today hook me up with that
eggs we're some toast
you know put that Tabasco on oh we got a
lot to do today
my mom's got the kids Christmas is right
around the corner and if you know Gilroy
i procrastinate pretty well like I'm
really good at it I can't even begin to
describe how good I feel after having
slammed for eggs covered in Tabasco and
a couple cups of coffee it is really
truly the cure for hangover I will stand
by it and support it till the dad died
oh she's amazing you guys you don't even
understand this girl right here this is
what amazing will climb if she can't tie
your own shoes I can't read it we're
ready we're gonna go do some Christmas
shopping so make sure you come back
tomorrow because maybe we'll show you
what we get maybe we won't maybe we'll
show you how to strangle people if they
take the last thing that that I have to
get but if they get it I'm gonna
strangle them I don't care what day of
the year it is well dude what if I want
it I'll strangle you laughs all right
guys that's all we've got for you today
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
you
