look at that lady good morning and good
morning to you good morning to you
what's up everybody
I've been good morning to that that my
egg that is your egg once it's so black
oh my Friday in the sausage grease you
think we should rinse it up
no it's fine we'll just cover it with
Tabasco that's fine
the struggle is real make it up those
stairs I got it we're gonna be
installing the air lift to bring you up
that's hard work I am heading uptown to
get my hair cut and maybe find a little
Christmas present for a girl special
girl my life probably not Veronica which
I love you anyway no I do I love you
I'm going with the boys we're gonna do
Friday we have an ugly ugly Christmas
sweater party to go to
and I'm gonna go find some ugly sweaters
for me and you the holidays are here
people and I couldn't be more excited
how about you look at this guy's I'm do
the unthinkable I'm sending my chair
Veronica's sitting in a fricking
designer chair that has no support for
her back no cushion no nothing and I'm
sending her with my special this is my
personal computer chair ergonomically
designed it even has built-in massage
man I care you know that she was like
here she has to have that
so tell me dolls what's it like
hah like you get to do whatever you want
drive wherever you want I feel free
yeah it's liberating isn't it yeah like
I remember the first time that I got my
license I had my car my first time that
I drove by myself was just you can't
even describe the feeling it's like
opening up your wings and fly
and then when you get your own
decorations for your car like like this
girl here this is just fantastic so
we're looking at perfect
well perfectly imperfect and ugly
sweaters to make ugly Christmas sweater
happen for this year's party and there's
a couple lovely ones here man mean those
those take the cake for ugly I just
don't think they're ugly enough you know
what that one screams to me you guys
remember Saved by the Bell
Zack Morris oh yeah that's exactly right
there let's go to a different loafers
out there we're gonna go to a different
one okay you done I'm sure we'll find
what we're looking for here this this is
a goodwill unlimited unlimited
possibilities at this goodwill
with the balloon hands what are we
talking about here Missy chills walk
down me on the walk walk down mammal
walkway and drop this chair we walk in
and the lady up front she goes we roll
out ugly sweaters how did she know she
know she's right the selection is quite
limited but there's just blank canvases
you know you could do anything really
yeah that's green but that thing was too
big for me too big still don't find what
we're looking for so we're gonna move on
there's one more we're gonna have to get
whatever we find there is I enjoying
this rat race all day I got things to do
people to see places to go you know even
layer it up I think my role with the
sweater vest I'm going to deck this
thing out to deck the halls with this
sweater vest yeah yeah do that not gonna
find Veronica one I think this is the
one this one's just awful enough can we
can dress it up too nice and roomy we
got this I only get like one of those
short stripped battery-powered like
lights put on this shirt it's gonna be
awesome
that's messed up that's my stuff guys
little chub really you're missing out
I'm gonna get a haircut time to fix this
dude look at your hair
I want you to take a look at doll's hair
look at it shining you look like a new
person grow Thanks
seriously so pretty look at the back
okay look at I don't know I don't know
that's not you look at that oh I think
his haircut is better than mine I'll
know about that
oh thanks yeah my haircut is pretty cool
PJ doesn't believe I can juggle here oh
look at you Oh baby's fruit sees me I
gotta go to my mom's and get window
cleaning equipment because I need to
help my dad out tomorrow take care of
some jobs for him
I got a room bombing me yeah you all
right dude
good to see you okay how do you see my
mom's house is she's showing me these
ornaments you made me yeah these are the
glass ornaments they're plastered blank
but she got them colored on the inside
now we tried to do that a while back and
we put paint in and he was just regular
pain the pain ends up just falling down
it doesn't stick it just streaks down
well she's telling me that you put
pieces of crayons right the crayons
little pieces many as you want if you
want to do different colors you can do
different colors run do one color you
can do one color you put them inside her
little tips come off
the time the hairdryer you definitely
want to use a pothole burger because
otherwise you will have melted wax on
you you put the crayons inside you turn
the hairdryer on and you heat it up and
turn it turn it
yeah I think I have a big one out there
too that's fantastic
yeah it looks really good too like nice
and even that's awesome this one right
here is that's that's a cool little
Christmas decorating tip that you guys
can use to impress your mom
my current horrible yeah achievement
she's not about what you spend on your
short visit sorry I can't stay much
longer but I got work to do tomorrow so
we got a roll code you're good on you
don't have one man
boys are reading a bedtime minecraft
story we're just waiting for mommy to
get home so that we can say our good
nights what'd you get what's that you
know party it's your last day before
Christmas forget to wear pajamas at
school tomorrow so they're pretty
excited how exciting everyone good night
and it's morning I mentioned on another
video that by designed I run my vlogs
into the next day just to try and be a
little different from everybody else out
there doing this on this vlog thing
Veronica wasn't in the best mood when
she came home from work just kind of
wanted to focus not so much on vlogging
putting her own camera
but like I said I had to do some work
today for my dad and I'm about to wash
the windows for this Widnes right here
looks like a
I got my work cut out for me so I'm
gonna get to work and I've only got a
couple jobs to do so I'm not even gonna
bother you no videotaping so I suppose I
will see you right back here tomorrow
