and a good morning to you thank you for
stopping by I want to show you first
thing my really awesome new custom seat
covers so get out
have to put towels on my seat because
well
left my windows down last night and it
rained and I didn't pull my car cuz I
was too tired to do it let that be a
lesson to you roll your windows up
today's a day to keep the ball rolling
on a mission on a mission to get
gladiator t-shirts out for all you guys
who want them the first step is to get a
vendor's license so that I can legally
sell stuff in the state of Ohio so I
have to go to
the county auditor's office this is the
building where everything starts that's
it I can't show you the whole form
because it had some important
information on it but just like that got
ourselves a vendor's license you guys
have you guys are gonna get gladiator
shirts before you know it that's so
exhilarating to make forward
advancements progression I'm really
excited to maybe have a store with
shirts that you guys just can't get
enough up I keep forgetting my camera
every time the boys get home but Colin
here hold this so tell everybody how you
did that we take cut we folded we
stapled and it turning to this I gotta
tell you that is the most impressive
paper snowflake hey I may have ever seen
in my life good work dude where do you
want to hang it ported notice important
notice uh oh we oh five dollars to the
lunch lady you know they're vengeful to
the lunch please what did you make can
we see it I just find it first okay
which is this for me both of you guys
all right you say read it to me help me
what's it say here mom love Carson Oh
open it help me Dad love Carson oh I see
hmm okay that's wonderful dude I love it
thank you thank you so much hmm Collin
when giving it up semi thank you for
making a really cool snowflake and thank
you fluffy furs smellin like a poop so
my assistants has been
quested at the spam or store had to put
on a little uniform and me and the boys
are going to go help out smaller store
you guys ready well fluff you can't come
you guys stay here wow so sorry we just
want to say bye to him okay give me
kisses come here don't kiss her wrong in
there you go okay there you go okay you
guys have you ever seen this ripstik
strip sickening Dallas brought it home
and I've been trying so hard but watch I
think I've got it
Oh
it's almost a little bit like
snowboarding all right let's go so like
I said I had to come over for work and
we put the laptops away for a minute I
already did how to do a little bit so i
could earn dinner oh you've done so much
just so much around here can I always
have a pepper room all that row no oh no
alright you yelling are our kids it's
bedtime haha time is it nine o'clock
well I guess you're right it is a school
night which we fixed the problem yes yes
now things are right how they should be
at the smile more store don't you say
Colin he doesn't know he doesn't get you
now dude I'm really glad you got to see
me but I'm going home Cassie didn't see
ya hey but if you did it's Christmas
baby hey I might call you we might have
to hang out dude do something while
you're doing nothing I'm a tribe good
night sleep tight don't let the carpet
munchers bite she's beating the child I
walk in and she's got Carson in this
grapple hold here you gonna stand up
Carson just be happy dude he's told us
we had fun he skipped dinner wonders why
he feels like poop I don't know but that
was a fun little get-away going I really
love solving problems and that that
there at Romans was definitely a problem
there's a lot accomplished yeah well
then you know what we need chase over
here you see that just you just makes me
feel good yeah that makes me feel good
that you know hon I'm problem solver
you know it required you the only one
that could've done it thank you honey we
would still be sitting there like what
that deserves a kiss bedtime boys Carson
you're going to peel your cold dead body
off the floor or else I'm gonna tickle
you oh darling he does he does feel a
little feverish I hope you're not
getting sick dude Santa's gonna be here
next week it's time it's the bed time
mark mark mark mark mark time but
what what night mommy mommy's tired she
doesn't want to play right now all right
tell about here is good night Collin
Carson that's just so I'm Veronica what
you step on Drake yeah that's what
Collin made what's the card for you mom
from Colin mmm and that x2 that happy
face is because it was supposed to be
right there oh that one a little tough
to read but very very illustrated very
illustrated though there's mom that's
mom love Carson yes dab dab of person to
be dead I'm dad yeah dad dad was me
please pop out look at Christmas tree
we've reached the end of the line and as
time to just relax for the rest of the
night and get nothing else done but
quality time with each other no
be proud of me i get the vendor's
license today yeah that's awesome and I
spoke to a retailer make sure that you
leave in the comments which design was
your most favorite
here soon we're going to talk about when
you can buy these shirts the new
gladiator shirts gilroy gladiator shirts
you like gladiators we're going to talk
about what it means to be a gladiator in
tomorrow's video so if you're down with
the sickness you come on back alright
guys that's all we have for you today I
thank you so much for coming we enjoy
your company it's about time for you to
go home we'll see you at the back I yeah
fire
you
