what's up people good morning start my
day in the car I gotta take call and
some money to school cuz he just like
Carson just had that gingerbread shop or
they can buy gifts for family members
and stuff colin has that same shop today
so I got to taking him some money and
then I'm gonna meet up with Rome dog and
we're gonna go to Columbus and pick up
some new products for the smile Moore
store dude I Bryson some cashola 30
Christmas shop okay hey come here
remember who you're buying for you buddy
and daddy
well yeah but don't do good don't go too
crazy himself remember Christmas is
about sharing and giving not for
yourself okay so make sure you get some
cool stuff I love you all see you later
okay I love you oh snap this is a real
test of driving skills right here turn
around at u-haul can you do it can he do
it as long as I could ride in the pack
so the reason Roman got this big giant
truck is that the new products are
available to pick up
and there's a whole lot of boxes so we
need a big family
Ross's dude I think I think we are
ordered this time but before we do any
heavy lifting whatsoever oh crap what
will will let them foot clearance no way
it's not gonna work oh yeah
oh you're not gonna make it bro I'm
glad you said something good that's why
you're my co-pilot
that's why we have a co-pilot I would
have been really embarrassing something
actually I did it before number we're
going to Starbucks to get some some good
stuff y'all do that and I got that pecan
tart that I was showing here and I
literally opened my mouth one bite
swallowed it what'd you get okay what
what did you get sausage egg and cheese
haven't McMuffin we're on a muffin
English muffin is really good nice
I like your pecan tart and this sandwich
was in a fight
this one whooping town yeah look at all
this that's a lot of shirts if you guys
haven't seen already I'm sure you have
but these are smile more hoodies boy
smart wore hoodies and there's a lot of
them I know you guys are gonna go crazy
on ordering these and keep Veronica busy
just get him get him while they're hot
they're actually still hot Oh lovely
bran we came to see Veronica work and
look look at this just was it yesterday
or the other day we came down here all
those boxes full of cups they're all
gone
this is all that's left you've been
killing it honey good work that's done
ready to go three boxes they're ready to
go I hope you guys are looking forward
to having some cups and soon after
hooded sweatshirts she's like please
take all those boxes I can't seem at all
those boxes by hand into the basement it
happened just like that while you're
watching but reality that took a minute
now Romans trying to get this truck out
of here
good luck
development we call it wait wait you got
about that far OOP
come back over work you come on keep
coming keep coming keep coming
that's it
Oh Mike it makes it you know makes it
got lucky
lunchtime here quesadillas again I'll
bet Britney's is gonna be better than
mine
Brittany makes him her t-ball
quesadillas we're almost out of time we
had to pull out real quick real quick to
go get the kids it's almost 7:00 for the
kids to be up on ferry ride like the
wind bullseye Veronica got all excited
because she just got her stupid stupid
she's got her jamberry nail's now her
Christmas waiting for them you're see
that's your plan tonight is to do your
nails yeah
one of you nut just one nail know one of
my plans what was the other time I don't
have my any other plans but why don't
you call Lindsey and have her come over
and do that and then I'll go hang out
with some real manly men and I'll do
some men's stuff yeah yeah we'll throw
freaking tomahawks at Atwood and we'll
shoot bows and arrows and explode some
things we'll do a real men do their
until you'll be sitting playing xbox
that's what I was talking about you can
do all those things in Call of Duty Oh
have you ever had those Fridays where
you just you have a bunch of different
options of what you could do but you
don't know what you want to do I think
that's where I'm at right now I could
either go by myself with Roman and a
bunch of other people up to the casino
but I'd rather not spend money that I
really don't have I don't know I don't
know what to do I wish when I was
younger I would go out on Friday nights
to the club have some drinks meet up
with people party it's just so different
now and you got kids
different really be really cool all
right are we ready to go hug kiss online
good that's me fantastic but everyone
good luck Graham oh I don't think I
specified I needed to paint the edges
the corners where we kind of got the
darker color on the lighter color and
fix that up look who's here guys
it's become Lindsay and Scottie we're
hanging out we're just having a hangout
night at home send the kids away and
we're just gonna hang out we're probably
gonna play video games that's right cuz
that's what grown-ass men do just
kidding it is and the girls are gonna do
their stupid mural nails cuz nails are
stupid but first we're gonna eat dinner
so we're gonna go pick up some pizzas
pizza night Friday so bright I feel
really bad that the kids are here but
our kids aren't that sucks
honey why'd you plan that
we played probably 10 rounds at least of
advance water work where warfare warfare
we're here it's late I gotta work
tomorrow
nah yeah you're lucky you don't have to
work on right there
what a twist I'm actually gonna go I
have to go help my dad tomorrow and do
something some windows just touch my
girl
busca thanks for coming
I'm glad you came by Lindsey these guys
were just fine below 5 she walks around
the house all day if she's home with her
belly out like that so pregnant we're
gonna watch a movie
we're movie fanatics if you haven't
realized but we're gonna watch into the
store 2014 yeah yeah she voted for this
one I I looked at the preview and was
like okay that's good well let you know
how it goes if you like storms like
weather movies like the perfect storm or
any of the other crazy weather movies
this one is good
into the storm really good movie yeah
romka super says sleeping in the morning
I however have to wake up very very
early so I'm gonna I'm gonna say
goodnight and Anna prompt adios thank
you guys so much for watching we can't
wait to see you right out here tomorrow
