what's up friends good morning I am
fixing myself a little Alma here taking
a page out of the old Dennis Roady book
show me how to make some pretty sick
omelets walls in that leg sausage eggs
put some cheese in there of course you
know hot sauce hey boys annoying
I made that okay we'll see mmm looks
like you painted it yourself oh yeah
that's what it way there for a sec
that's cool yeah yeah how was school
today hungry okay
he just talking a lot of smack and I
just challenged you to the game up
advanced warfare we're recording it here
we go the goal is to get more than he
did more killed he didn't steal one
Oh hit me dude
really yeah go on bro I got ten kills
you got nine
we're didn't say score you know no we
said kills I said I'll get more killing
you know ten ten you got nine you got
nine you suck for the record I did beat
PJ one more kill than him weren't
counting score wasn't score was killed
yeah yeah Alice did rule us both but
nuts over nuts in the past why are we
even talking about it now I didn't bring
it up but we've reached boiling dinner
and I'm gonna show you guys how to make
the most awesome quesadillas and we're
starting with this chicken all right
chickens Brown now I got to pull it
apart put it on a plate and pull it
apart
now we got to put it back in the pan put
this whole packet in here this seasoning
mix just put all that in there with that
and a half a cup of water
all right that parts over cooking the
chicken get all the liquid out of there
this should be nice and thick now
seriously all we got to do put a
tortilla shell down fill half of it with
chicken two at a time open like this
and then once that cheese starts to melt
we'll flip it over I'm gonna pop her in
the other and I don't know it's probably
gonna be about four minutes two minutes
until you flip it technically you could
eat these at this point but I like mine
a little a little crispier than they are
right now so you can put it back in for
another two minutes like one minute per
side and they're good to go pile them up
with sour cream and salsa and you got
yourself some buying a cake banging case
of delts
yeah Taco Bell sauce Veronica loves talk
about sauce here you go honey
Casa della you enjoy the quesadillas
okay
good morning fellas morning
would you have their frosted flakes
doing the tiger and what do you have
crunch yeah I'm having coffee I'm
carrying today's video into the next day
because Veronica's she's getting so far
along the pregnancy she's starting to
not feel good or being very very very
tired more and more often so I took last
night to just kind of relax and hang out
with her and make sure that she was okay
what and all I guess we're gonna go to
the beach
heck yeah we are yes I can't wait it is
August 15 all right your bus is here
guys please be better than you were for
me at school today please thank you go
close let's go have a good day
Pauling I'll see you in a little while I
gotta bring you money for gingerbread
shop okay I love you why is it you think
I love you too dad
she says okay I'm sitting here finishing
my coffee looking through some of the
comments from yesterday's video I just
feel so blessed each and every single
one of you guys has left something super
positive there's there's there's more
positivity in my comment section that
I've ever seen in anyone's comment
section and it's just so I'm so grateful
for you guys you guys are awesome and
I'll tell you what the feedback from me
playing my guitar was just so cool you
got it looks like I can't believe you're
that good at singing someone wants us me
and Roman to do a sing-off that would be
hilarious well dude you have an amazing
voice please please read to this song
and many more in separate little videos
which is kind of a cool idea I mean I
think I I would enjoy that actually
making making basically many music
videos I think that'd be really awesome
I mean how cool is it just to have all
of you typing in such positive comments
for me oh that's that's my Christmas
present right there each of you guys I
was gonna show you guys something
yesterday but I wanted to wait until
today I will show you today in the next
video something that I really want you
guys feedback just as much you gave me
feedback on me playing guitar I want I
want the same amount of feedback for two
designs that I'm gonna show you in the
next video so make sure you watch that
again thank you so much for watching I
can't believe all your love and support
and I suppose I'll see you right back
here tomorrow
