what's happening guys welcome to my
bedroom / office I'm just trying to get
some editing done some I'll tell you
exactly what I'm doing
see I was working on the logo for the
Gilroy vlogs shirt this shirt I was
getting quotes for for t-shirts actually
let's start off with a comment question
I want to know with a hundred percent if
I do a pre-sale for these shirts who's
in and if the numbers good enough then
I'll make them available and maybe you
guys can happen by Christmas it's
possible enough of that
it's time to I've been working all day
and it's time to cut loose and relax a
little bit look who's home hi mama hmm
you ready for our date tonight
I got you I got you don't lose that yeah
Dallas is coming back he's gonna stay
off the kids while we go to beat up oh
yeah
is that okay sure she said she was
craving B dubs another little thing is
these dudes are super happy because I
just downloaded for them minecraft for
the computer hey whoa whoa whoa what do
you do I don't know something about
cooling fans so there's definitely air
issues well that might have been
short-lived all right so I just tried to
reboot this laptop and it's telling me
that maybe I'll just restart it so I can
show you guys the error system BIOS has
detected a possible issue with the
cooling fan obviously the cooling fans
important part of Nevada cooling fan
9:02 and the only option is shut down
haha that's it
the fans and something no the Xbox maybe
maybe yeah I know you've taken multiple
things apart and fix them
I love taking electronics apart and
seeing how they worked I used to like I
used to take apart desktop PCs and
figure out all the components instead of
anytime my old Windows computers broke
down which was often I'm the one who
fixed it just order the new part replace
it boom duh
before we leave for I'm taking from
heavy tubs
beebee tubs Buffalo Wild Wings she wants
it she's craving it she wants it we came
up to I was actually cleaning up this
room so I could bring all those baby
shower gifts up here but what do you
think can you see the color I mean
through the camera I can see the color
difference I like it you like it I
remember people were asking what
happened to this fluffy thanks so big
thumbs up where's your other thumb oh
you took it off yeah yeah so yes so it's
safer with you watch the road
I'm watching Moreau that's what I'm
doing I have both eyes on the road I'm
trusting you I'm trusting you just
wanted to show everyone that then I was
letting you drive tonight on our date
that's fantastic you know what thank you
so much yeah I really yeah I appreciate
that Veronica is cracking up over here
baby this morning I just said it again
but this morning in the shower I was
like man she's starting to feel like a
cold Nancy in here I think she lost it I
just said it again she's so broken yeah
I don't know why like I died laughing
something about the way he says like
it's so random hey another cold Nancy
like where do you get cold Nancy from
I'm questioning the fact whether we
should even be here not because Buffalo
Wild Wings is technically a bar and
she's pregnant
all right you see but are there are
there ethical concerns of pregnant
ladies and bar that's all I'm asking
okay no you're not
Veronica just trying to very first ever
cheese curds I'm a big fan I was
skeptical too at first but I was like
I'm gonna try it glad I did these cheese
curds are the best I've ever had in my
life
did you like them yeah good just don't
eat too many cuz you need all that
exactly
she likes them what you know about Wow
spicy garlic you got medium medium in
mine
extra sausage amber
whoo good girl
how was dinner that's so much yes did
you enjoy yourself I did yeah
I promised Veronica that I were taking
abidos tonight and I would give her a
back massage they poked
Reginald Smith when we choose sure to
echo earth to echo mommy's in her
favorite spot look at that she's she's
got like the throne of the house what do
you think of the movie echo was pretty
cute little robot alien guy huh yeah
yeah definitely recommend earth to echo
is a pretty pretty good movie pretty
good family movie yeah yeah yeah tell
the gladiator is a good night sleep
tight don't let the bedbugs bite
no but really though tell them good
night you want your children oh I got
this I got this yeah all right hope
you're ready for the Sexy's inside you
ever got your life
and how long I can do this but so much
too hard just just
the muscles
all right good talk it's definitely time
for a little shower action we had a date
night everything's perfect little
massage gee I could give her a full
massage so don't be fooled but it's it's
definitely time for me to head to the
shower so thank you guys so much for
watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
