cooking up some lunch
no no mentionable lunch they're just
some canned stuff it's just me here
today I'm trying to finish painting the
room upstairs and get back to get back
on track the other night when we went to
the hospital just threw me all off cuz
as we get further along in this
pregnancy it everything's it's more
serious now I the baby's going to be
here soon Veronica's due date is
February 5th so we're only a couple
months away it's very busy right now
trying to get everything ready we just
had the baby shower and someone asked
what the baby shower is a baby shower is
basically a chance for Veronica and all
her girlfriends and family mainly
females to get together and throw a
little party and have you know cake and
play games and stuff all kind of
revolving around baby so all the gifts
that she got was for the baby I'm going
to eat and get back to painting I didn't
get finished with this room it's time to
time time to do it I have to get another
pan because I left let this one paint in
it this brush is all hard oh dang it
got a new pan with new brushes let's get
her done all said and done this wall
over here and this wall will be darker
than that wall
oh hey Rosie and that wall
a little paint ladders I don't think
they like that bro
it's amazing what you get down have a
in here you definitely did most of the
work I just showed up and made it look
good yeah yeah I had this idea say like
on this wall I paint like a hill it's
like a perfect semicircle it comes up
and then give it another like grassy
hill top on the underneath a little
different color dots on it
too much too much Blasco just went up
roman thank you so much you don't want
thanks for having me like that that's
really what it's all about it was a it
was a real pleasure
except for you messing up the corners
get that brush away from me bro I'm
gonna get you home go to get yeah are
you going over yeah I'll be over I will
be over okay yeah here Xplosive I called
you all night yeah hi so I'm gonna get
this cleaned up but yesterday I didn't
really feel like vlogging because of the
hospital thing we were super tired but I
did take the boys out Carson got a bunch
of birthday money and he really wanted
to spend it so I did vlog even though I
wasn't going to and I just want to show
you that now so check it out this little
guy right here had a birthday recently
and he got a bunch of money not a bunch
but he got some money for his birthday
so today we're gonna go shopping with
your birthday money guess what I'm gonna
get a new toy you can get whatever you
want with your money okay alright when
you take a kid to spend his birthday
money there's no better place and all
boys alright hey before you get out what
are you thinking about getting
what plant or zombies a Minecraft okay
well let's see how that changes this is
the section you're looking for
whoa all kinds of stuff what only key
ball thing we cannot my is again you
can't be gay wanna because oh okay well
what do you think you already have
something like that you already have
that till you want this one that
and this one that one for $5.00 that's
what you want Yangon pull them up let me
see them Oh buddy does that make you
happy
don't you want yeah all right cool
you are gonna share in my column play
with one too right okay good oh my gosh
it's an iron wok pretty rare that the
boys and I get some time with just us so
we're having ourselves a little little
dinner here at Stacy's they love this
place
I heard Veronica's dad and stepmom bring
them here all the time so as soon as
it's right by Toys R Us as soon as they
saw it they're like yeah let's go to
Stacy's there's a mountain of food here
holy moly
based on the food and the decor I can
tell this is place the grandparents go
you take their grandkids
desert and then we're out cool yeah okay
cleaning out paintbrushes is just about
as hard as it is to paint it takes just
as long to cleaning paintbrushes sucks
I'll tell you what I threw I threw away
a couple of the rollers I'm not going to
use them again no matter how hard you
rinse them that just keeps spitting
paint water paint water paint water you
know what I'm saying okay the roller
I'll keep the roller part but by new my
new actual yeah that's what I'll do yes
are you comfy are you okay are you
relaxing hmm just as I sat down to get
comfortable my mom calls says I need you
to get your car and go right now to
licky memorial because Dallas just f'd
himself up at work
and finally I was calling calling I
finally got ahold of him and he said
he's pretty much cut through one of his
fingers
and halfway through the other so
prepared for Gore here we go again
what'd you do dude well this some of it
not as bad as I thought no I thought it
was worse - you're still pretty bloody
there yeah I'm waiting great for this
dude yeah this is Dallas's finger board
before stitches did you capture it but
um yeah I mean this one here let's get
closer
turn it a little
and the thumbs got a little cuts -
that's bad apparently one of the rules
that Chipola is that if you cut your
finger they're supposed to wear cut
gloves if you cut your finger at work
then it's automatic termination which
sucks
not only do I get terminated but the
manager on duty gets terminated - so
that's worst that is the worst and
Dallas's excuse was that they're in the
middle of a super busy rush and he
didn't have time to put on his glove cut
glove it's like a little mesh love
pretty much you're like a female yeah
yeah so it's like metal and it's
supposed to protect you if you cut if
you slip and cut your finger it doesn't
cut you well Alice so the good news is
Dallas doesn't have to have stitches we
don't have to soak his finger in that
for a little while and they're going to
glue it with some like hospital strength
superglue and dr. Nicholson says no fill
me but I said dr. Nicholson there's a
hundred and some thousand people on my
channel that love and she walks out with
this work on her face like zero apps are
given here at all
what fun is it to Washington 2:30 and
glue I could go home right now glue my
fingers together you guys really want to
see that next blog probably shut up he's
free let's get out of here bro let's go
love this G
they're not looking let's go wait which
way do we go well back at home
everything's cool with Dallas it first
of all it wasn't as bad as it sounded
like when my mom called me and says get
to the hospital
Dallas cut his fingers off your mom's
first reactions are always a little over
exaggerated I guess but uh yeah I didn't
get stitches you got glued which is
crazy because I probably could have done
just the same with the bottle of Krazy
Glue you know it's crazy they just
literally smear glue all over the cut
and boom you're done no stitches I put a
snapchat for people to tweet Chipotle
with the hashtag don't fire Dallas and
let's see a bunch of them already is
hilarious it's hilarious we're going to
watch dawn of the Planet of the Apes
super excited for that I'm not sure that
it will do much else there's a very high
possibility that I could fall asleep
during this movie so instead of waking
up at 3:00 in the morning and groggy me
trying to close the vlog I'm still now
you agree yeah all right guys that's it
for me today
thank you so much for watching and we
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
