good morning everybody
if you recall in yesterday is the end of
yesterday's vlog I said something about
having to get my room situated in my
office it's time to get ready for baby
and I've had to bring my office in here
so this is my bedroom we're working on
getting all that together and we're
trying to clear out the office what are
you doing with that take an image do
don't take my I'm out of here okay
come back here so we're trying to clear
out this whole room and then go get
paint because we're gonna paint tonight
this whole room we got a long day ahead
of us and it's already half over
you guys can vacuum that by the way
while we're gone if you want yeah Seth
and I are about to go get paint for the
room I have an appointment to get a
haircut can't wait to watch that yeah
it's an awesome little secret secret my
dad called and said bring Dallas hey boy
hey boy he says he says bring Dallas to
Matthew spork which is a car dealership
they're gonna surprise him
with a car are you guys excited as I am
to be in dthe right now set Dallas new
everyday shoe I had to come up here
yesterday just to bring you to work but
to Newark now that you're gonna be
staying with me that's probably going to
become a pain in my butt just let those
gladiators now that I'm back Oh Dallas
back baby what I'm just saying why don't
you save up your freaking money Dallas
and we're putting you on blast I'll save
up the money
and get yourself a car
when I say
let me just watch
we need to make one more stop
can you get nouns
oh yeah vulgar man beginner nose bro I
have an idea Dallas let's go find you a
car right now where's the car dealership
right there
look you want to okay so I wish I had my
pay stub so I called alone really I'm
pretty sure
let's do it hard I'll pick out anyone
you want anyone you want I won't buy it
for you okay haha I'll contribute yeah I
can't rip it I won't buy it for you but
they might oh snap oh snap Dallas check
it out check it out bro look at that
purple seat cover boy oh yeah it it
starts everyone's good hey mom what are
you up to
well he's taste okay dollars come with
him what whose name they're gonna go
that's what we remember this this was a
this was a surprise orchestrated by my
parents David that said hey oh you like
it I said hey bring Dallas up to this
car lot we're gonna see if we can't get
him a ride that's alright that's alright
we think bro she could've told me I
might keep the butterflies seat covers
that's cute got some chicks I bet you
will it might not be human chicks but I
couldn't be more proud right now little
Dallas and himself car sitting there
doing uh my bad I'm torn getting the
insurance he's good should give the
insurance through sets mom yeah that's
fantastic
hey man it's like keeping it all close
you know to man keep it all in the
circle plus us like just like my
inheritance yeah
right on so we're gonna leave I'm gonna
give me a PK and just like that I'm cut
its to kill hot people we think like it
like it yeah dude he went so fast he was
like Shh all the way around
cousin t had is like razor scissors and
users going I was like how bout lows
lows lows I think we're only getting
paint but I don't have any paint
supplies so I got to get rollers and I
get brushes the whole nine yards
I got to get tape to mask the edges for
the trim and stuff an extra roller tray
two little rollers so the boys can help
if they want a little drop cloth and
there's a paintbrush in here for edging
she's mixing the paints back there I got
a nice little a darker green and a
lighter green we're gonna do two toned
walls yeah
are you leaving serious go ahead go up
there what the hell are you doing in
here we're reaching no you're not I'm
about to Payton here we're gonna paint
in there what you kidding me right hmm
serious i unlock guys what'd you get a
new bunk bed bunk beds getting put
together which this room just turned
into the boys room not the nursery yeah
because what the bed wouldn't fit in
there no bunk beds just fit better in
there okay
so we're building bunk beds this was a
Christmas present to the boys and us
from Jay and Vicky right and Britney so
sweet thank you guys thank you so much
it's awesome Merry Christmas that's
fantastic man we do so many more
activities in here now with these bunk
beds yeah so many new activities Hey
oh we're gonna have to take all the boys
stuff out of here and move it to that
room so that we can paint this room now
why are you I'll bet the dalles got a
car high five bro nice and he's not
willing to stay around help us he wants
to get out there and spread his wings
and fly
PJ is here and I don't even think I
mentioned Oh PJ is here
what's up everybody are you ready to
paint
I got Carson here we got all the lines
taste up everything staked and we are
gonna paint you ready yeah let's do the
light color one first yeah it's that
good we're gonna see our first is our
knees and in one tube fake oh my god
like that forehead
tan walls more here we go
Branka doesn't feel good guys we have to
take it to the hospital
that means a.m. and yes we've been here
all night we don't have any results yet
but it still the like crap poor mommy
Veronica she's having sharp abdominal
pains of her abdominal pains
we haven't seen the doctor because he
doesn't work overnight I guess but he's
supposed to be in tune like through the
night to see what they were seeing
we want in the video until we get some
results where you guys are gonna be here
with us until we go home okay we still
have not seen the doctor the doctor
doctor the nurses talk to him I don't
think he's gonna come in they talked to
him told them to give me something to
eat
sometimes I kept it down I could go home
because I see him on Wednesday but
you're eating and we're supposed to have
a baby shower at 3 o'clock yeah and I'm
not done with the house she stopped me
in the middle of painting I hope it
looks good
look who's dressed and ready for the
streets let's get out of here because I
slept for 40 minutes maybe on that thing
and I'm pretty tired but you're feeling
good yeah okay just all you got to do is
smile more take guys just smile more hey
hey hey she has an appointment with the
doctor on Wednesday anyways
so basically she's got a whole bag of IV
fluids in her here's the thing I was
probably a little bit of dehydration
you're dehydrated dehydrated so I do
feel better after having a bag and a
half of fluids they didn't give me
something just for upset stomach
but I was able to hold down my toes to
my applesauce so I'm going home
let's go home you got a baby shower baby
they said baby looks more hours five
hours baby shower I still can't go home
and do anything I'll go home and shower
and sit on your ass tell everyone else
what to do Shh so we're home we made it
home Roach is doing much better my love
she's resting as she probably will be
doing for the rest of day we do have the
baby shower we got to get ready for that
I need a shower I'm still wearing the
nasty stuff the guy put in my hair
yesterday after he cut my hair and
probably still have hair stuff all over
me just awful oh so I got four weig
today so tune in tomorrow for baby
shower and we can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
Oh
