so I am deeper in to my front end then I
have ever been ever what's up guys
welcome to the vlog sorry we missed
yesterday we had to clearly get
something done
the Honda's been making some awful
noises for for a couple weeks now and it
was finally time for me to dig into it
and see what's going on basically if you
saw my snapchat yesterday you would have
seen me post about my control arm
bushing and this is the new one which
we've replaced it it was bad this was
all shredded around here mostly on one
side and then partially on the other so
we had to dig into the car and get the
control arm out and then we actually
took apart the hub assembly to try and
repair one of the posts but we didn't
get that far so that's going to have to
be another day thick armed with only the
knowledge of us taking this apart
yesterday today I'm going to be putting
this back together so I got to start
with replacing this on to the we call
this the strut I think I guess I'm
pretty sure that's the strut right there
we've got our caliper hanging off to the
side here and I need to reconnect my
drive shaft and do all that just to put
this out there I am NOT a professional
mechanic don't know the names of all the
parts exactly but I have a pretty good
working knowledge of how this goes back
together because I was here taking it
part and you know me I love getting my
hands dirty and just jumping in and
doing so maybe this will help inspire
you to do yourself so let's get started
whoo I'll tell you what guys this went
from bad to worse real quick well let me
show you what I'm working with here so
this side was pretty routine to go back
together right and again I'm no
professional mechanic but this is what
we had to do the control arm here is
what we pulled out to replace this
bushing okay and these ones probably
should have been replaced too at the
same time but these ones are still
really good so we replace the front
bushing and to do that we had to take
out this bowl we had to take out a bolt
here we had to take out the sway arm
bolt here the ball joint bolt and move
all this aside to get that out this went
back together and everything seems to be
good this is a super old car so like the
the wheel shield is all like rusted this
needs a lot more work than what we've
done then we come over to this side and
I started but quickly realize that I'm
screwed we had to take out the axle from
the hub assembly which is that guy right
there and in order to do that you have
to beat the crap out of the the nipple
of the axle when we did that we mushroom
now this so I can't get the hub bolt
back on it and I tried to grind it a
little bit to take away the excess metal
around here but we hit it so hard with
the hammer to get it out I came and turn
it some of these threads are like
rippled so if we can't get the hub bolt
back on that means the CV axle is
trashed and have to now change that to
now however I if you didn't know
Broncos dad Brian used to be an auto
mechanic like he worked at Goodyear so
he knows his stuff
and whenever I have like
a question about what I'm doing here I
call him because he knows what to do and
gave me the basic rundown on how to
replace a CV axle so that's what we're
going to attempt now okay so I can't
even see what I'm looking at right here
you see the axle comes up into this like
boot thing and that goes right into the
transmission we need to take a pry bar
right where that seats up next to
transmission and pop at all I don't know
what the heck I'm doing and I might
break it but one thing's for sure we
will learn something if do oh okay oh
wow that slid right out and there we go
that wasn't bad at all
he told me to be careful of this ring
here which seemed super loose um this is
the lock ring that keeps it kind of
sealing in there but that thing came
right out okay
so sometimes fast Brian showed up which
is a big help thank you Anna I thought
it was coincidental that you're wearing
your Gemini shirt so ago
we're waiting on my dad to show up with
the parts for me we probably could have
left and got that these guys showed up
but my dad's already in there so we
already replaced this side's control arm
that's back in place we've got our
caliper hanging here and we're just kind
of waiting
there's the axle the old one anyways
we've got just enough room to squeeze
the new one in there pop that back in
get the hub assembly back on put the
caliper back on and put the wheels on
and then we're going to test drive it
oh and the old man comes through look at
him check it out this is what new parts
oh my favorite part of new parts is it
smells nice
Oh stink so good oh there it is just
like that the axle slides right in I'm
going to probably slide underneath and
just verify that it's actually seated up
against there but Liza say hi to the
wall we're here now I'm closing ready we
just stopped
how chases still working on the car he's
going to go test-drive it and see if it
works
or if it's better it's gonna work it's
going to work totally gonna work I'm not
expert mechanic well he's got all these
other mechanics here those are so fine I
came home to grab some stuff for dinner
and grab the kids and we are going to
head over to Scott and Lindsay's for
dinner boys you ready yeah chase and
Scott are at our house my house getting
the car they're fixing the car they
think they got it running she said he's
got to do a few things and he'll let us
know how it is and then they're going to
be over here for dinner we show up
Elijah was so excited to see Lindsey in
a car all delicious I miss her I miss
her and look at her I wonder why Liza
what do you got a cookie a brownie who
gave you that who gave you that
did Lin to give you that that's why
that's why she loves her so much because
he spoiled her and half killed Mandy is
on this strict diet and boiled egg meal
bread orange it just citrus fruit they
can check it enough that Sam and I don't
know if you guys have seen the progress
of their kitchen but look they have like
the little trim up now
and she's got her curtains back up and
the little valance thing oh and look at
the fan it looks new but it's not she
has like the double sided fan blades and
the other side is lighter so she
switched it to the darker to bring some
like dark back in but yeah it looks
awesome I like it they go older trim up
around the windows we're going to do the
rest of the cupboard always have Eastern
year Sunday so we have the last hole
Holt in Korea have enough to have family
yeah Lindsay has good news as well tell
them what I got job promotion yes maybe
job promotion so I believe probably next
week hopefully cross your fingers of
room keep her in our thoughts and
obsessive thing every week yeah it'll be
worth it it will be working watch this
Lindsay lied to shake Molly take mullet
yeah yeah earmuffs
it's a woman but huh
possibly five what Oh tonight on that
one Eliza given please hug cherry give
Scottie and Lindsay hugs good luck with
your job thank you stuff you guys I'll
talk to you tomorrow but all you guys
sorry okay really mean Oh hmm
it is her a day um I missed you guys
last night but I had some very important
stuff to take care of and it actually
was very nice to hang out with my
brother from another mother but as you
can see I'm enjoying a delicious cup of
coffee I was like I woke up this morning
I'm like I want coffee
I got decaf so I didn't have to like
Karen freaked out so drinking some
coffee and I got some bill nuts some
buffets smash a nice little you want the
chocolate one here's the funny thing I
pull in the driveway and literally the
whole doughnut box slides off the seat I
had a little freakout but I'm gonna
enjoy some donuts
tea coffee get this video up for you
guys it was a stressful day yesterday it
really was I was in a very very almost
like desperate place look at that
beautiful tress twirl it twirl it girl
oh yeah it is a holiday weekend guys it
is Good Friday this Sunday being Easter
do you understand the importance of
Meester love kids only think of it as
that's when an Easter Bunny brings us
Camie I'd like to see you and quiz your
holiday knowledge in the comments below
what is the real meaning of Easter I
know a lot of you guys are going to nail
this but for those who don't really know
educate yourself down in the comments
I'm sure there will be lots of different
explanations so that's pretty much where
we're going to call it for today the car
is fixed everything is much better the
sound that we were hearing are gone I
took it for a test drive with Scotty and
we went about 65 70 miles per hour and
the tires didn't fall off so that that's
a good thing that's where we'll leave
before today can't wait to see you
tonight in the live stream join me
twitch.tv /kill roy gaming and of course
we will always see you right back here
tomorrow
