so starting the vlog today on location
with my man Dennis Roady sup man y'all
looking serious we I started here
because I didn't want to do the whole
driving thing again oh wait this is the
first time there's cliff so yeah this is
awesome I brought chasing the gladiators
to my buddy's liquor shop O'Brien's
it's awesome because they let me come
here and film sometimes so it's great
it's all it's a great relationship and I
get liquor here so yeah you might get
more liquor here now we've already
started filming our first two reactions
really really good the last one
beautiful we are punking some poor
people just trying to get their drink on
let me show you guys so GoPros are
really good for hidden camera pranks
because they're so small so you got one
here I've got one right back there on
the shelf
and I have the main camera over here
hidden behind this rack
this this is so funny because it reminds
me of we shot we did a scene for the
movie in a liquor store and that turned
out really well we don't have we don't
have all the equipment for that same
setup but I think we've got a pretty
good coverage with what we got people is
being watched
this is Justin he's one of our buddies
he came in to play an accomplice for
this bit you know I just can't say
anything but it's going well yeah it's
going well yeah this is a this is Steve
he owns he owns the liquor store OD
always on his phone this guy even when
were filming Dennis Roady things really
do know here have something have some
confetti dude why are you scared I'm not
scared I just want to tell you that I'm
thankful for you being such a good
friend
uh-huh yeah and I mean that Gladiators
I'm thankful for this guy cuz his vlogs
are warming Oh screw you see him tuck
his kids in the bed it's like damn a new
dad and that makes me feel like good
night dude I'm serious he watches vlogs
man you see him talking these kids look
there's me right there in the mirror you
see him tuck those kids in the bed it's
it's uh it's heartwarming I just do it I
do man
oh my dad speaking of which how is it
being a dad now - I'm two weeks in I
have no sleep no pants at the time the
kid had to change his clothes like four
or five times and then his diaper like
double this way yes it gets better and
better and better
Justin you did I've got a cat his name's
mr. cat I'll bet you're wondering why
are we sitting back here just talking
amongst ourselves well we're trying to
give a little bit of time in between
reactions
so that we can let everyone in the store
clear out yeah it can make some money
and let me tell you this one's funny man
it was funny man this old guy really had
a really funny reaction he's like I
don't care about the moon just give me
the beer no do you think he should give
me half yeah no sir oh hi bylaws don't
dictate anything about lying ditching
enterprise of war we're basically we're
basically just making people happy it's
the holidays and we're making them feel
nice and warm inside yeah they're doing
this awesome
the unfortunate part for Dennis was the
reward for us pranking these people was
that he picked up their tab know
whatever they brought through the
counter
Dennis paid for no good deed goes undone
is it because Steve is in the bag
telling it up right now I can't wait to
see the number here we go here we go
ready all right wait big reveal what's
the damage
203 oh my god all right I just learned
another valuable lesson and that is
don't high-five slash fist bump with
your Carden area because you'll man
sorry you know what hey Steven sorry
thank you thanks for the help
yeah well Ohio bylaws you know
apparently this guy knows every rule
there is to know about ditching lines we
won't tell the kids what you did today
just dumped all the footage from today's
prank it's in the brains of the computer
it's your turn to go to work no I'm good
I got this T I gotta go
actually my mom texted me and told me
that my dad was in a car accident
everything's okay he got x-rays and cat
scan done and he's okay but he's in a
lot of pain and he's actually being
discharged right now so I'm gonna go to
my parents house and check on us it's
not really okay he's not but he's like
it could be worse yeah it could be worse
yeah sure yeah dude yeah I got a
two-hour drive enemy so wish me luck
guys you're coming with me we're gonna
go check on my dad Oh keys thanks for
having me today and I'm sad I missed out
on your kids you don't want to I was
gonna show you I was gonna show the
gladiators my boy I know I saw pictures
he's thinking cute but I can't wait to
like hold him did he saw him this
morning yeah yeah brief brief moment
yeah all right dude I gotta go I'll see
ya so I just got to my parents house and
I'm first thing I see is his truck is
home in the driveway look at this dang
this is a big truck - so mom ordered
pizza so I'm gonna heat up some pizza
I'm looking at this this plate extra
strong and deep I feel like I've seen
that on a product before it like Lions
Den or something so how are you feeling
dad
Sora well I feel good I feel good
actually we did a good video today it
was funny but dad his accident basically
long story short was a guy pulled out in
front of him ironically enough right out
of a body shop this guy was pulling out
of a body shop right in front of dad he
thought he was hitting the brakes
but he hit the gas and dad was just
innocently driving alone and smashed
right into him I showed you the damage
to the car and he looks ok he's sitting
there the driver he hit he was driving a
Jeep Cherokee Laredo Grand Cherokee
which we have a Liberty and that guy had
to be life-flighted
I'm super thankful that my dad is
sitting there instead of a hospital bed
and the tundra hey if you need a safe
vehicle to put your kids in mom's dad's
get him a Toyota Tundra it's a beast
it's a tank shit
it's time for me to go home it's 11:20
p.m. dad's ok
he's got nurse ginger taking care of him
I'm sure nurse Veronica's looking for
her some Gilroy by damn glad you're okay
see ya
the gladiators are glad you're okay -
yeah and BYE MOM I love you bye Shawna
it's a strong dude right there he's
taken a few beatings in his lifetime he
once fell he once fell off a ladder
three stories up
oh shit he fell off a ladder their
windows
he he broke his arm I believe punctured
along
broke a couple ribs he's been he's got
all metal up here now so he's been
through the wringer he's a strong dude
but he's okay
almost done it was that close you get a
fluffy clip and then this one because my
last clip from last night
totally blurry I think I'm gonna have to
find a new camera these cameras they
letting me down lightly but anyways it's
Thanksgiving you guys make sure you
spend all the quality time you can today
with your family because it's a holiday
it's a good one too
alright guys happy holidays thank you so
much for watching I wish you all the
best of you and your families and I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
