good day everybody look at the we got a
full house of people just sitting all
these people just sitting sitting in
waiting a lot of time no wait for Gilroy
I'm about to take we have a situation my
both of my controllers my xbox
controllers have defects that I don't
really like it's like the week of
defects of taking products back that
don't work properly so me and Seth we're
going to take both of these controllers
back get them swapped out for new ones
we have to I'm gonna go get the alcohol
and stuff to fix that macbook that has
water damage and is that it I can't
remember and Veronica and Brittany are
gonna go you know shopping and do what
girls do so uh but you guys are come
with me we're not doing that girl stuff
we're gonna do man stuff like you know
xbox once again my friends are best by
hooking it up this is this should be
good remind you guys get the service
plan on all your cameras because my old
camera which is in now in the bag had
all kinds of stuff inside where the
lenses but my voice Stuart just hooked
it up with a new camera which has no
dust inside so it's perfectly clear what
do you think can you see Seth's furry
face little known fact Stewart this guy
were here we used to be in a band
together a long time ago right it was
called invalid Stewart was the lead
guitarist you were lead man you were the
lead guy wears a shared a fan we both
rocked it this is a long time ago when
we were back in high school it's good to
see you dude this is you thanks for the
help all right keep on moving so I got
the controller's figured out got my
camera figured out now we need to get a
hundred percent isotopic alcohol so we
can try and do this macbook fix which
you won't see that on this channel I'm
going to put that on my tutorial Channel
so I can show you how to
fix a broken the mac mm-hmm I'm thinking
subway
look at this this scene right here that
is going to be consistent for the next
four months cloudy gray cold that's what
they don't call it the dead of winter
for nothing you know I'm Sam it's so bad
it's causing my man Seth here to be like
comatose yes I had to drop orders off at
the post office smile more orders and
come back out and this freaking guys
sleeping the receipt haha it don't help
that I don't know if I mentioned his
accident he he he messed himself up
pretty bad yesterday with the you'll
have to watch it on his channel when he
puts it up all I want to steal the glory
but it's pretty pretty bloody gruesome
nasty and we weren't able to find the
right alcohol for the laptop fix which
kind of stinks i really wanted to do
that today but yeah I've wasted enough
time it's it's two o'clock and i still
need to edit yesterday's video Shh edit
is that innings I'm poor said man that's
good i can't even imagine what it would
be like if you lost your laptop and
didn't have another computer use but
there you are with computer vision that
uh still not working it it will it will
work I happy I don't know what's wrong
with it but Windows Movie Maker hmm
won't process his video files I'll ruin
that I'm my problem my flashlight it's
about time to get the kids off the bus I
gotta go to the kids fluffy want some
food but put him up ha hmm
looks like he's got some water yeah yeah
good job yeah this is our after-school
activities the boys plan this is a
plants vs zombies garden warfare right
oh no field of fire it's Thanksgiving
break so they they get to have some fun
we don't have school for six days six
whole days right cool Friday Saturday
Sunday Monday six Wow what are we gonna
do we're gonna do something fun
Thursday's Thanksgiving tomorrow I'm
actually scheduled to go to Cincinnati
and film a video with none other than
Dennis Roady which I'm pretty excited
for that should be fun you're gonna miss
me while I'm gone Oh 747 am what did you
bring clothes up a lot last night I did
not actually I decided to make it a
conscious effort to carry the vlog into
the next day ah that's what I did oh
it's not a sickness anymore I figured
out it's not a sickness but the cure
Veronica so generously woke up and
prepared me a sandwich and prepared me a
pot of coffee to take with me on my
journey to Cincinnati we're going to
film Frank today with Dennis you're
gonna be so much fun so make sure you
check that out and I don't know just
stay tuned for the next video because
it's gonna be rad totally ha yeah that's
all I got for you for this video I can't
wait to see you right back here tomorrow
