good morning guys what do you say we go
on a little field trip we're gonna go
check in on our old buddy of mine but
I'm not gonna tell you who until we get
there let's go for a little Drive
enjoy this quick
made it to town I give you a clue I'm in
Cincinnati
all right so we had to jump forward
through time a little bit we're gonna
skate around some rules because of who I
came to see and look who it is this is
my buddy Mike what up Mike will tell you
the story here in a little bit but Mike
got himself into a little situation and
he's now dealing with the consequences
and we'll touch more on that but right
now we're heading to the Apple Store
because Mike's computers broke don't
know why and we need to fix it
Mike Mike just had the all too famous
dispute with Apple about his applicator
warranty people don't really understand
what exactly Apple care covers and
liquid accidental damage isn't one of
them hey all of Mike's liquid indicators
were tripped so well obviously has water
damage they've bamboozled me beforehand
so I wonder if a speaker after he does
this how-to video and say so basically
the fix the fix for his computer outside
of Apple here is gonna cost him twelve
hundred and forty bucks which is pretty
steep when I got the computer for twat
there is Alex where I I've actually seen
a personal friend do it we're gonna take
the logic board out and we are going to
soak it in alcohol and recover it we're
gonna recover it and then we need some
cheesecake yeah
cheese
six Snickers and six Oriole on nice
that's ours right there
Snickers that that's for us do you want
to be I would not know you will have too
much pleasure with it it's just my
pleasure right
my Kwan is so bad just to have an extra
container Cool Whip yeah they try to get
away with no Cool Whip
what's that that's that's that's
bamboozle right there that's sure as
short an explanation as possible what
happened that you got into trouble I
think we should put it out there there
you got trouble
ankle bracelet ankle bracelet that has
the chibi dance that basically says
everywhere I go and I'm only allowed to
leave for work which is very frustrating
right so that's why I came down here was
to do some work with Mike help him get
his computer fixed I couldn't handle the
repair for the one computer so we had to
take it to Apple and we had a little bit
of trouble there longer story short we
have a video to upload I have to upload
my vlog so mike has the spot we can go
to upload because there's no internet
where he's staying
great seeing you and hope you come down
soon then I'll see you again soon bro
sounds good dude
take care be safe and don't trouble bro
I wish there was something I could do
for him man myk's myk's such a good guy
I mean he really is super positive guy
lots of energy you just
his brain farts more than I do you know
me it's a lot mom Veronica just texted
me poor Carson's getting sick and all
it's pukin sake that's gonna be fun
dude are you feeling okay yeah mama said
you didn't feel good you feel good now
you just need a drink no you know it's
bad when you come home in the buckets by
the couch I was just trying to sit down
and have a nice little piece of
cheesecake that we got today
and Veronica can't she can't get enough
yeah that's all right I'll share with
you bite for bite until the very end so
I think that's gonna be about it for
today we're just gonna eat our
cheesecake and go to bed I know what
you're thinking it's really hard to take
me seriously with my hair right now so I
guess that means we'll just see you
right back here
