hey do they hi yeah that's after that's
my sister's little boy he's he's cute
man he's Hugh
I suppose Veronica's getting ready for
what's to come
except ours is a little girl but she's
trying to leave her work and I gotta get
my car going cuz I need to go to the
post office while she's gone but my car
will not start because it hasn't started
since I left for LA okay my day is
progressing I got a pickup boys had to
do some some computer work someone my
stuff's management I got to return this
this portable charger to Amazon because
I was kind of damaged so I got a run to
the UPS Store or whatever that thing is
pick up the boys it's dad is he this is
one this is my life as a dad I'm always
busy Colin did you do that
what you do okay
and this is what happens when you pull
up too far on the parking bugs there we
go
a while back I I I was parked outside of
our apartments this is how long ago it
was I was parked outside of our
apartments and some guy hit the side of
me and dented my fender and cracked the
front of it so every time I do that that
thing falls off now yourself warm you
should zip your coat don't cross this
hold on
don't cross without me you look both
ways all right go I'll tell you having
been in the cold for a few days now
definitely missing in LA a lot it's uh
it's my cousin's daughter's birthday and
she's having a little birthday cake and
ice cream celebrations tonight there's a
couple birthdays in Samara November for
us it's birthday time
birthday time yeah Gabby's birthday
how's work - three hours look what I got
it's okay sushi is a good appetizer
you're gonna try sushi come on anyways
no just just just just try it no were
you doing buddy
you're so happy you want that camera
doges you hooded camera don't you so as
you guys are watching this video I my
future self tomorrow will make a
decision on who gets the headphones from
yesterday's vlog and I'll just shoot
that clip tomorrow I guess right before
I upload that sound is gonna be oh so
familiar before long Amanda Amanda to
everyone how awesome it was working
outside today they still wash windows
even when it's freezing outside
my girls feel like there's a moaning me
no trust me there's a guy in London or
England I forget what his name is but
he's a window cleaner too so he you know
lucky for us
Veronica's mom invited us to dinner
really yeah that's awesome
we've just got like harren left and and
we're here already Jay and I are on the
same wavelength because that's exactly
what I'll be doing in just a couple
hours okay this is nice carpet Nana it's
the kind of carpet you put in those
rooms that you don't ever want people to
go in
hi Bo I'm so sad are you so sad since
this new doll came in town thank you
thank you for giving me this new bully
thanks for dinner
Thank You Jay the dinner was fantastic
enjoy your restful evening it's now
almost Christmas you guys Christmas
music is on Taylor
I heard Taylor got a real big chunk out
of his tongue today let me see this dude
let me see it look up at the light we
can't see it oh that ain't nothing
this is Gabby's Gabby's birthday party
how are you miss Layton Chan
gabi your birthday party was a blast
thank you for having us 1003 1003 and
cents still isn't here i i'm feelings
Bailey on me I've got my controller I'm
ready to freaking play let's do this you
seriously just rolled in after I did I
just got done vlogging where the F is
this yeah in there you are me why 8 it
was like one minute earlier I was hungry
good morning everyone we stayed up
pretty late last night Glen
call a duty I've continued into today
because we need to pick a winner for
these headphones so as soon as I drop
the kids off on the bus we're gonna pick
a winner for these headphones who's
excited you're are you oh you guys are
excited - hi boys I love you love you
have a good day
whoa looks like someone's a little hyper
this morning this is a life right
Veronica made waffles and sausage pinky
honey I'm eating that while sitting here
trying to pick a winner for these
headphones I gotta tell ya this kind of
positivity makes me want to go out and
rescue somebody be a superhero you know
or just share the love that's being
shared in these comments you guys
freakin rock you know what's also
interesting is you don't find a single
hater in these comments right now why is
that why is that you think mm-hmm well
it's fine with me haters can go to sleep
everyone's comments are super positive
like you can't find a negative comment
in this comment section so what I'm
gonna do
to decide who wins is pick a letter the
alphabet and then scroll down real quick
to choose a starting point completely
random and then from there I'll scroll
down to find the first letter and the
first name of the user so if C was the
first letter this guy went but it's not
gonna be C all right I'm gonna choose
the letter M the letter M and I'm just
gonna do a random quick scroll down and
that's gonna be our starting point so
from Joe Smith down first one that gets
the letter M is our winner
we're we're
here we go Michael Sam Pedro hey chase
things for the vlogs I love them and
congrats on your new baby well thank you
Michael and congratulations to you for
winning the Meza deco to headphones I'm
gonna send you a message on Google+ so
make sure you reply to that same message
okay and for everyone else who
participated thank you so much for all
the positive comments you guys Rock
that's gonna do it for today's video I
thank you guys so much for watching and
do me a favor why don't you guys give at
maids at headphones ATS Emmys EE
headphones cinema cinema shout out on
Twitter tell them thank you so much for
the hook-up on the headphones and that's
gonna do it that's gonna do it for me
today guys thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
you
