good morning yeah where are you going
you're going to wear them to work oh I
suppose that means I'll have to get some
stuff down here mm-hmm yeah I have stuff
to do today we're doing a tutorial for
my how to channel and I have a really
cool giveaway stay tuned you know what
miss it and I think that's all the
coolness that I have today but it's
gonna be fun
regardless send lots of smile more
orders yeah well I'll get him out but
take it easy while you're doing it cuz
you're preggo okay I just moved floor
yeah yeah
some day she's not enough to work at all
we're gonna make it so that Veronica
doesn't ever have to work again while
the kids are at school and mommy's at
work I am going to work on a tutorial
you remember I started a tutorial
channel a while back if if you haven't
watched any of them make sure you go
check it out
and I'm really excited because I just
got these new pair of headphones they're
pretty freaking dope they're made out of
wood they're super light they have an
inline mic so I can talk on the phone
with them they're nice they're real nice
and I actually like them so much that I
picked up a second pair they don't want
to give away so if you want to win a
pair of these headphones they're pretty
sweet all you got to do is stay tuned
I'll put the instructions on how to win
at the end of the blog alright another
tutorial down I love doing those things
it's so easy and it gives me an
opportunity to teach you guys you know
how to edit final cut at least look
who's here PJ's here
hey packs what's up buddy nothing what
up homie you see you gonna see all the
gladiators yeah yeah I'm sorry I was
upstairs pj got here I was upstairs
working look who's home Carson and Colin
what's up boys how's school was it good
what Carson Carson is doing very well
school he have a superstar day today
that's good work high five on the side
up high down low oh you got me hey I
brought you yeah I brought you a sword
you want it what do you got there
where'd you get that hey yeah
holy moly the boys are upstairs you
wanna go help him clean their room was
that car dude is it special does the
duplex really no way dude another caller
need batteries for it looks like another
kid's own in here today are you gonna be
okay with this you know me when I go in
a grocery store I walk in without a list
and I have to go up and down every aisle
are you gonna drive the cart oh yeah
no I do that enough for mine actually my
walk now it's great
well my don't like the walleye he'll
walk but you don't stay with us so yeah
I normally don't like these cards he
wants the one with the car so we can sit
it in Drive while I recommend wait where
are you going shopping there
listen there's a rhythm to Gilroy
shopping well let's show me teacher got
a start on the other side why'd you pour
the produce I don't know it's just my
method mmm-hmm
you're gonna start all the way down this
way and go up and down every aisle boom
boom boom boom boom the whole way sounds
like fun it's so cold dude it's so cold
yeah it's not cold
no I can't do that I can't like I don't
have gloves on
just pump gas can barely feel my fingers
I read something online that said this
year is supposed to be one of the most
bitter cold and it's a trend that's
supposed to be happening
it's supposed to be bitterly cold for 30
years
a tiny Ice Age they said I don't think
I'm prepared for that I'm gonna have to
go buy some snow gear we finished our
shopping didn't blog much of that
because well let's face it I get kind of
scatterbrained when I have to shop so I
did the best I could I'll show you what
we got one boy
you don't come help you're gonna help me
get the groceries in look I needed my
helpers if you feel like you know
scrutinising me from my shopping
decisions at the grocery store
feel free now's the time to do so go
check it out
we got salad we've got a sauce pita
chips for hummus love that stuff
orange juice v8 splash bacon what the
 it's strawberry toaster strudels oh
I got this I got this
just special for my friends across the
pond Halim James they said they'd never
ever had biscuits and gravy I thought it
was weird that you'll hook gravy on your
biscuits cuz to them biscuits is like
cookies I didn't know that tonight we're
gonna show them how to make real
American biscuits and gravy good stuff
good stuff and yeah I mean organic eggs
hot dogs almond milk
juice boxes are the boys just a little
trip you know I think I did good
don't burn your bottom biscuit too much
but you basically just it's super-easy
you put your biscuit in the bowl I
always split them in half put the
biscuit in a bowl and then pour your
gravy over it
yeah this is Bob Evans pork sausage
biscuits and gravy but it's really good
get him get him go go go all right
someone's legs gonna get cut off whose
legs gonna get you huh
Oh your leg got cut off anyone ever tell
you you look like Elmer Fudd with that
shotgun yeah see you buddy
thanks for your help at the grocery
store
oh no Kane died oh it's not now he's
alive are you sure you want to leave
this fight I won't show the bottom half
you may not believe this but she was
naked under there what are you just
missed yeah I got to tell you I fell
asleep on the couch watching TV I fell
asleep on the couch and now it's 11:30
at night and Bronk is ready for bed so I
guess that means I'm ready for bed too
I'm not sure what else I could bring you
today anyway so I'm gonna cut it short
maybe it may be a little shorter than
usual but make sure you guys pay
attention to the instructions at the end
of this vlog you can enter for a chance
to win those really sweet headphones I
was talking about earlier and I guess
that's it so I will see you right back
here tomorrow I know you
these headphones here's how to win all
you have to do is go to Gilroy how to's
it's my secondary youtube channel watch
the latest tutorial keyframing
and leave a positive constructive
comment in the comment section I'll pick
a random winner Friday and an
announcement of law
