there goes my kids off to school it's a
beautiful morning cold but it's
beautiful oh hey buddy let's do this
let's have a good day today we got we
got a couple cool things happening today
today is the today's a doctor's
appointment for Veronica we're gonna go
get an ultrasound in it check on the
progress of the baby after that Carson
has a school play today it should be
really cool to see he's gonna be a I
don't know what it is there's something
about coffee on cold mornings that just
seems right you know coffee on any
morning seems right it's my effect hey
fluffy
hi kitty good morning good morning all
right I got to get ready we got to go to
the doctor's appointment and then to
Carson's play so I need you dress toast
she can all have toast because her
doctor's appointment requires her to do
a diabetes test sometimes pregnant women
get gestational diabetes and so they
have to make sure that Veronica's not
one of those people right and Carson's
place today is also a feast apparently
we have to go to the store and buy four
pumpkin pies complete with cream whipped
cream look at this it's not snowing
not smelling at all that's just the wind
like this particular road all the time
every return it's always drifting this
one and the one that's parallel to this
one that way
these roads drift over so bad it's crazy
Oh
baby's head's over here yeah
see this is JD the nurses at the
doctor's office and I feel like these
two girls they're both pregnant one day
they just had this giggle sesh 147 148
not anymore he is in my thirties and it
sound like that since I was like 28
weeks yeah in the ultrasound room I had
to kind of shake einde of conceal my
camera because the ultrasound tech
doesn't she doesn't want us to film our
ultrasound because it's a HIPAA
violation patient privacy laws but I'm
just I'm confused because it's her
freakin privacy yeah she signed releases
like I couldn't use all her shit for
anything forever she don't care about me
as soon as that thing goes in I used to
draw I might pass out I'm gonna pass out
please don't do it I'm gonna pass
I'm okay yeah okay let's get it let's
get out of here that was quick
I must have passed out or something oh
that's a cutie dog that's what we need
right pumpkin pie pumpkin pie yeah
whipped cream yep that's one Veronica's
favorites
I'm compiler Korean did you get one to
take to our house serious
sounds good what if we don't give it me
you're the pregnant one you get what you
want okay now that we picked up the
pumpkin pies for the feast Matt Carson's
school play we're gonna go watch we're
gonna go watch my little Carson become
an actor right before our very eyes
gonna be acting he's only got two lines
you know if the two lines are
yeah
I'm gonna take that as a no you don't
good job dude you played an awesome
Indian high five dude awesome
now that was a very very quick and easy
rendition of how the pilgrims right this
is how the how the Indians met the
pilgrims that was your play right yeah
and now we're gonna go downstairs eat go
get a mom now they're gonna have their
second lunch which is the feast every
parent brought in a dish we brought in
for pumpkin pies you want to go home now
you get like an hour early out let's do
it let's go back home together
yeah Carson got to come home an hour
early and I said what do you want to do
and the only thing he wants to do is
what plants vs. zombies garden warfare
you and me ready yeah all right yeah
what a cool game this is plants vs.
zombies hero vs. zombies garden warfare
they pretty much took the super popular
plants vs. zombies game and made it into
somewhat of like advanced warfare or
like the Call of Duty games one side
versus the other you've also got plants
vs. zombies it's pretty cool
the only problem is they can't play
split-screen like to player which really
sucks cuz I think him and Colin would
really like that
you guys good yeah Carson you're
supposed to stand right there
you're staring here we're just chillin
bro take a nappy I'm gonna go get Colin
Roman and Brittany just showed up for a
minute they just had to get something in
balance but it's time to get Colin off
the bus why don't you ask our internet
friends is this match is it does it
matter that it matches because it's
accessories I really don't care about
this I just want to be fun I think
that's that I think that's the main
issue that we should cover is that you
want to be warm but how does the
sweatshirt do it I don't know I have a
long sleeve Sean yeah I'm not this part
of me is not cold that's covered it's
the product of this part
not at all that part it's just the parts
that are uncovered
like my head so how uh now you so cute
ronk is going out to dinner with
Brittany and her mom I mean the boys are
staying home peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches or something it's bananas the
nation bananas okay with me mmm people
will just goat will do the goat tonight
just eat whatever we find that's the go
you do the goat the goat is like
scavenging for whatever food have fun I
love you oh damn look at that
Hey what's up bro
I just I just made some pizza rolls oh
yeah you're a true Cobra I know that
stop by with his kids so we got a house
full of kids mom I mean we're just two
dudes sitting in the kitchen drinking
coffee talking yeah we're actually
talking about Seth I don't know if you
know this or not but Seth has a blog
channel if you look it up on YouTube
it's dust Seth Wetzel right that's
correct the Seth Wetzel and he was
asking me like pointers for his blogs
and I don't really know what to say
other than ask the audience you know
what I mean like you should ask the
audience what it how about this what if
you guys and this could be good for you
you guys give him your opinion of like
what what works and what doesn't go to
his channel and watch a couple of his
videos
and on his newest ones leave a comment
and give him some suggestions like we
like when you talk about this type of
stuff we don't like when you do this or
whatever give them kind of like a you
know like a focus group you guys can
help him determine what is gonna make
his vlogs better I don't know what to
say I've already given him my input but
I think I think your your perspective is
a lot more valuable than mine because
you guys are the ones watching it when
you agree true that he's the only guy I
know if there's many tattoos he got look
I got no uh we're gonna hold your pistol
he's this freaking guy sent me a picture
of his fist a while back feel pain yeah
but I'm really nice I know it's so
off-putting I don't like your this guy
with these tattoos and you look like
this you look like a mean mother guy
yeah alright yeah but you're not at all
I'm not time has come
Seth is gone the kids are gone the boys
are getting ready for bed PJ's PJs it's
a kid here go ahead put those on
Veronica's still out with her mom and
Brittany they must be having a good time
it's good for her to get out because
she's been stuck with these guys yeah
Bailey you like Bailey sure your
girlfriend found it funny what did you
get
hey thanks for taking Veronica I bet she
loved it it was awesome would you guys
take a picture yeah look it's so good oh
that's just so tobu that's just precious
oh yeah all right kids I think it's
about time for us to call it a night
Veronica's getting cozy I just rented 22
Jump Street should be pretty good that's
just about all we can bring you for
today so you know again like I say every
day thank you so much for watching and
you know we can't wait to catch you
right back here
