we think I like it
yeah I like it a lot mm-hmm yeah could
be a real winner I was just showing Matt
the submission that I made for the
imagine dragons
they'll be make the cut contest which as
you guys know I worked long and hard on
we will know tomorrow if I have become a
finalist I think it's because I'm like
feeling it there's a possibility that I
couldn't but then I also have to remain
optimistic and think I'm going to become
a finalist I'm going to win it I'm gonna
win so tomorrow I will let you know guys
on social media I'll put it in the vlog
I'll let you know exactly where to go
but finalists are the ones who are
eligible to win the grand prize or win
fan favorite so I'll keep you posted but
it's nerve-racking screams I think we
just heard Veronica :
we should scare mega think we're
imposter air cannon again oh it is Earth
this is what we've been dealing with it
all it stopped it stopped raining it's
been raining all day guys we can't get
outside do anything fun because it's
Randy but I'm not even going to complain
because it's decently warm out but still
it's raining
it's just a joke it's just a jerk it's
just a jerk wait why is it so blurry I
know I'm just totally really I know it
would look at your face
oh hey Liza she is one of you all day
when I dropped her off she says though I
don't want to stay I want daddy oh you
want Debbie oh yeah look at these two
for one thing these are the most two
most important ladies in my life
ah I love you making some dinner what's
on the menu
look Eddie Oh hold on go red okay well
that's not doing drum lessons with Colin
right now he hasn't seen the new Gator
launcher so I'm going to go out and
discreetly capture some foam instead of
this camera class and boat oh we got
Connie love you
hahaha am i dying
hahahahaha brother just watch how did
you not mean it how did you not see me
place this camera dude I think we gonna
throw my sin I was rolling on this one
too ha ha ha ha and Ann Veronica's
watching from the security camera flaw
you're literally right there and I'm
walking around this room putting a
camera in placing this camera and you
don't even notice bro you better wake up
no that's good that that's very good
what I need to do is reuse this talk to
that is perfect for jackpot look at that
exactly thought I was just emptying it
before I even came over I just did that
with you standing here I put all that in
this box with you standing right here I
filled this whole box while you're
standing right there you know I like did
it hurt at all did it hurt yeah scared
of bejesus out of it and hair straight
up
there's no hairspray Oh what was it it's
only hair you know not work he hasn't
seen yesterday's upload alright check it
out chimera bottom bear alright is an
air tank you see this air valve right
here we fill it up there what I learned
yesterday and I put that up on screen if
you guys missed it this PVC pipe one and
a half inch schedule 40 PVC pipe will
not burst until it reaches over 1060 psi
and that that air compressor can only do
250 pounds so even if I run this thing
completely full this chamber would never
break I mean that that's what I found on
an engineering website Caleb and I were
we were like what else can we shoot out
of this thing and we have the tag set
which picks it fits really tight in the
barrel but it's perfect and it actually
won't just pretty good but make sure you
aim with the top barrel that and he hits
a girl alright shot number two I want
you to break that box now I want you to
envision punching right through that box
ready I'm ready
woah Wow middle we're all here it is on
the back time dude that thing is a
monster
cleanup is so easy all I have to do is
drop back it up and I can just take all
the foam right out of there and reuse it
it's perfect it's awesome I could do
this all day long yeah
are you ready for more okay but how
funny was that that was pretty fun how'd
you know to watch it at that moment I we
had been watching it for although you
were watching me go around there and
said I was actually watching on
different cameras he's getting mission
rating our stability about focusing on
caller ID was alright we're going to
have dinner and soon and I thought it
would be really cool to do some fun
challenge tonight actually done this
gaming the idea because we did a shoot
for him for one of his latest videos if
you guys haven't seen Dennis's video I
will link it above at the Easter egg
prank how-to and the boys were asked to
film a bit for it and they did really
well super cute funny but yeah go check
that out but we're gonna do a little bit
of something with some of them you what
that stuff looks good I know right my
wife makes the best dinners on the
planet it actually is very delicious
meaty pretty much right oh yeah yeah
it's lasagna with a different noodle you
know how much I love you
dunno much I need you in my
I wouldn't eat if it wasn't for you I
know you would if you don't she beats me
only moderately what I was getting at so
why was that the equine affair you know
that's what a little about Matt while I
was there and I know you he said he
wanted to ride horses and whatnot and
I'm not a perfect saddle for him man
I found your saddle yeah hold it up
there buddy
thank God I can get off hard even still
hope you smoke you man yeah good try
though
hang on there you go Hey
oh good dismount girlfriend wrong side
but good dismount
yeah the horses you know I don't know I
have turtle turtles a lot of them saddle
up mine yes try girl I like that angle
then you look at that yeah now is that
meant to fit ninja um no that's like a
mini ah oh my god like a mini mini to my
light on right on me oh okay you gonna
break you buddy
chop that one up all right everybody I
have here a plate of lemon and we're
going to play a fun little game we like
to call that don't make us a challenge
we're going to face off in Paris two
people are going to at the same time
take a bite of limit including you Lida
whoever makes the sour face first no I'm
not that smart
did I pick a place this part right here
is not done no I'll take the ll now
solemn verse Matt one two three go
you fill in it but you pull it out pull
it out just to bite into it okay you
callin to bite it Colin disqualified
Navarro's Oh Oh God yeah you gotta fight
it hard okay we see what happened hang
out what
okay next part of the challenge is who
can withstand lemon juice in the eyes
okay
it's that time for real daddy I'm ready
for bed I'm ready to party my kid nice
Liza Let me kiss Liza oh you're the
cutest you gotta go to school yeah
hardest part about getting up in the
morning get the kids on school they just
don't want to go it's been almost over a
month since I've had coffee
I do have coffee but if you know
anything about coffee you don't drink
your coffee it smells pretty stale we
just woke up if you're gonna tell look
at my eyes I'm like cow eternally it's
749 we gotta get to the busted one but
first this is my morning thing so the
reason I don't drink coffee anymore is
because I take this stuff called thrive
it's like a vitamin supplement system
assistant so there's more than one
moving part it's two pills and then
after that like a shake mix this is
vanilla 40 minutes I have to take pills
got to shake and then right after you
put on this patch you may have seen me
or Veronica wear these they're just like
it was like the nicotine patches you see
but those are they call them dfts derma
fusion technology I don't know it's
provided me with a lot of extra energy
that's for sure
but I still miss the taste of coffee
like
I really list it I'm missing real bad so
good faker I wake up sleepyhead wake up
it's time for school to have school it's
big you make you eat after school school
be free they love it
this is the morning ritual we wake up we
get the kids off the bus we get the dogs
out we get the baby up it's it's crazy
but it's my life and I love it so
Veronica is getting up and ready for
work
Carson is almost out to school maybe
lies we'll get up shortly and that's
pretty much going to round out our day
this is a pretty typical standard day
for us some shenanigan a little bit of
challenge II get some school time and
some ready time oh boy huh so I hope you
had fun hanging out with us on the super
chill day today should be better however
I will not be posting a vlog tomorrow
instead today I'm going to focus on
doing a review video and setting up some
other supplemental accounts which I'll
let you guys know about in the future so
that's where we're leaving for today
thank you so much for watching
you can't wait to see you right back
here tomorrow or see ya
