sure is pretty ain't it
this is Malibu Malibu and what's up how
are you how is everyone I I feel like
honestly I feel like I've forgotten how
to vlog because I've been so consumed
with filming Roman and the whole movie
experience that I haven't had time for
myself or the gladiators and I feel
really bad about that this is the last
weekend that I'm here and I'm just
trying to soak it all in you know this
weekend we're just gonna really kind of
relax and do what we should do before we
head back home next Saturday I fly back
home to be with Veronica and the boys
and I couldn't be more excited on the
other hand I've had a really really
amazing time here I've met a lot of
really cool people
hobo Jude Ben Barry the art department
guys Corey drew Ian Jim Donny the DP
supercool guy dan from audio there's
just too many to count
I mean this is such a big production and
a huge deal and I hope you guys have
enjoyed the vlogs that we've been
bringing you from from Romans Channel
and I've been working really hard on
that and that's probably the reason that
I haven't been able to do my thing which
is you know the gladiators so I promise
to you that the rest of this day and
Sunday I want to make sure that you guys
get to see my face I know how important
that is and it's it's it's a little more
difficult for me to do Roman stuff and
then my stuff also so that's why I
haven't been vlogging enough of that
enough of that
look look where we are right now Malibu
beach
I just don't want to go man it's such a
beautiful place as beautiful as it is so
romantic
yeah they go okay yeah I'm glad we had
this time together we've literally only
been here for a while like two hours all
right it's like an eternity
yeah it's feels like it feels like it's
dinner time I know you could eat that's
how you maintain this time to eat you're
gonna to give me some pointers turn this
fish eat please just leave their card in
their book in their newspapers must be
his mailbox look I can't look pretty
good Beatrice fun but now we're getting
ready gonna have dinner and I can't wait
cuz I'm starting all right it's dinner
time look who we got with us tonight
mama dude I love the shirt by the way I
dressed up for you to look at my shirt
Wow sixty feast oh yeah
Jude's my date tonight I mean Romans got
Brittany in and pizza actually gonna
meet us here so he's got mouth Pete and
repeat so I got a chance this is it the
Redwood girl what do you think well I
heard a redwood trees I've never heard
of no redwood grill so let's see
someone sent me a while back a packet of
gravy for poutine they were from Canada
and so I ordered it tonight because it's
on the menu this is traditional 14 whoo
this is stinky old pork the 3p is
routine are they supposed to be thicker
for us there's a lot of gravy on there
it's gotta fold the gravy right really
thin they're just gonna break part but
still be good enough talk
well I'm worried about this now it's not
an authentic routine experience right
dump it all on that plate all you really
have is great here Gregory in front all
right harmony between the two variations
of poutine one traditional one pulled
pork barbecue barbecue I'm gonna say
that the palm pork was action packed
with flavor
see ya so this is this poutine this is
this is the traditional right this this
is what Quebec is known for the
french-canadian that's what they made up
right this is like this is like what you
call it explicit yeah I guess so
so barbecue wins and I'm a definite fan
of poutine I'll probably end up making
it some time when I get home so that's
important for ya
that's number winning but I did buy
spicy cheese curds before I came here
spicy cheese curds it was delicious
I could imagine that with spicy cheese
not be good actually yeah
do like seafood no oh god these scallops
very tasty very spicy I'm definitely
impressed you happy um yes that's good
all right it's time to bounce how was
your meal I'm only aware of Thank You
Pete for the poutine rundown that was
fantastic
that's all right that's all right I'll
have to come to Toronto and try it out
for sure to look Canada to luck on the
da idea can you do that one do that one
Oh yuck whoa we should not go in there
that's the problem with America it's
sugar a lot of shoot golf sugar see that
mocks and nerds
there it is the mecca of everything
great at the store I love you this is
our after dinner after dinner treat is a
walk on the Third Street Promenade
it's not a cool street performers going
on surrounds in desire things are pretty
rad bigger the crowd the better the
performer go get a date
dude you almost had a chance with her
dude almost so you're saying I had a
chance you almost had a chance so we're
switching gears instead of going to a
bar and natural bar when it's so I
watching here Thurman
where we going we're switching gears
look at them ears look at this rear oh
we're going to Alex's because alex has
all the liquor you're gonna be Alex he's
awesome pilot yeah all I know is I was
headed in there with titties oh sorry
sorry sorry sorry
I'm so sorry
and then someone took me away from you
I'm sorry I'm sorry why are we going to
toothless do I have the best view the
house hey Alex
thank you for having us Alex Alex gave
us some rum chata yeah super good super
good stuff and now we're about now we're
about to head check out the roof because
the roof is amazing I love Alex dude it
is something it is awesome we're gonna
light the fireplace is gonna be great
this is awesome everything is awesome
whoa
you like heartbeat it's contagious
I don't know that was fun I needed that
we were gonna go to the bar this is so
much better
drinks and the more times we'll see you
again soon yeah definitely hey I'm
thinking about I'm thinking about going
to Hollywood Boulevard tomorrow are you
busy
I could do that I gotta go get souvenirs
oh yeah I'll call you 118 look at them
smiling faces I'll tell you what we had
a really good time tonight hanging out
it was a good chill night and it's about
time to get some rest I can't wait to
get back to the normal swing of things
and like I said Saturday I'm flying home
and I can't wait for that oh and let's
not forget we crossed a hundred thousand
subscribers how awesome that can't even
believe it it was a lot of hard work to
get to this point and I owe it to every
single one of you guys for real and I
thank you seriously I thank you from the
bottom of my heart it's an amazing
accomplishment and I can't wait to get
that silver you to play button thank you
guys for watching and I can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
