what's up guys good morning check it out
it's about that time
brand-new OSX Yosemite I call me what
you want Apple fanboy whatever but these
products rock my socks and I'm gonna
keep using them until the day I die
straight up boys playing Minecraft
Veronica's doing laundry I'm about to
head uptown real quick to get my hair
cut cuz I look fresh when I get to LA as
I mentioned yesterday and that at the
close of yesterday's video I am going to
LA to help Roman with the movie I mean
it's as simple as in it super awesome I
can't wait but Veronica can wait yeah
excited for you hmm I will miss you yeah
she's gonna be just fine and we've
talked we've talked about this
extensively and I wanted to make sure
that she was a hundred percent
comfortable with me going because it'll
mean she's kind of on her own for for a
while
mmm-hmm before I go decided to slam a
little bit of this tortilla soup
Veronica made yesterday it's so good and
it's even better because it's cold like
it's super cold outside today windy cold
nasty so a nice hot bowl of soup before
I go out and that just sounds right look
how different it is the collar
everything's changing
I'll tell you what it's gonna be such a
breath of fresh air getting off the
plane in LAX and it's gonna be sunshine
warm you can like guarantee this right
here what we're looking at it's cloudy
overcast nasty it's gonna be like that
for the next several months here look
who I found
look who I found it's freakin Dallas
Dallas is gonna spend the rest of the
day with me why because I'm a big bro
and I'm leaving town he wants to hang
with this big bro what's up there what's
out how you been good you ready to hang
out and go do some scary yeah I
don't know if we're gonna take the boys
through this thing but I want to
ver√≥nica things will scar them
then you get good skin and sometimes
yeah yeah I say we run them through
there and I'm scared I'm harder than the
other people they may pee and they may
pool a little but you know what that's
why we got clean underwear all right so
we're trying to figure out what we're
gonna do because it's gonna rain
first of all crappy rainy day we're
gonna go see my mom before I leave town
for sure we were gonna go to the haunted
place
the haunted farm but that doesn't look
to me a possibility either Veronica's
pregnant and we worried that people
would be scared running through the
place bumping into her belly and there's
also the fact that the kids probably
peeing peeing themselves we're gonna
hang out as a group we're gonna go to
Pizza cottage and we're gonna eat some
pizza and then we're gonna go hang out
my mom for a little bit and then we're
gonna come home and just be here
together before I leave for many many
days go deal do deal no you're not gonna
bail or it he's like now I want to go to
a haunted farm brah
we're not going to a haunted farm
because my kids will pee and poo
themselves oh really
well looks like granny and Grandpa's
already here huh that's a coincidence we
had no idea they were coming we pull in
and hurt her dad and stepmom are here
eating yeah
but Pizza cottage look it's the best
place on earth for pizza
Veronica's over there stealing someone
else's pizza
she's she's pregnant and out of control
she's just going up to random people and
she just pulled the pregnancy card pizza
breadsticks we think down again this is
one of the best pizza suppose to go if
you're ever in this area okay like area
meets a cottage all the way super good
this is where I met Veronica if you
watch Valentine's date night I explain
to you how we met and it was in this
very building you see this guy this guy
right here I'm pointing a camera man
that guy runs that guy right there what
are you gonna show me oh that's awesome
how we roll this is wait he runs the
place
and I told everyone on the way in that
pizza problems if you come the Aryan
good yeah actually where did we park I
can't find the car I got a pic Veronica
about this at the front door it's
raining oh wow did you enjoy dinner you
can pay you can pay for gas yeah
halfway that halfway to my mom's and
they're both zombies
you guys have met my mom's new cat right
whoa this is this isn't buddy buddy he's
big you know what you know what sucks
about coming over here look at my black
coat it's all covered here now just some
of the animals it's just hair factory
that's forward back home BRR it's cold
in here we're gonna turn the heat on
tonight holy moly
holy moly well there's all my clothes I
tell you it's a sad but exciting time
right now I gotta leave to go to
California which is super exciting to be
with Roman and Denis Vitali and work on
this movie and on the other end of it I
gotta leave Veronica and the boys for
for a little while which kind of stinks
cuz they're my favorite people on the
planet you know so right now I'm packing
and getting all my gear together and
getting ready hit the road I mean the
sky today at noon the boys have a
football game and if they win this game
they get to go to the playoffs which is
really exciting and I'm hoping I'm
hoping that they win but I'd rather not
miss their championship game if they get
to it which kind of stinks too so right
after the football game they're taking
me to the airport
so I'll be flying out right after that
this is the life this is the exciting
part of what I do if you remember back
when I started my channel I want the
purpose the purpose of my channel let's
to show you that all you have to do is
find out what you love and do it and
figure out a way to make money do
and that's exactly what we do so I'm
about to go to California and film which
is something that I love to do for
people that I love being around and it
just it doesn't get any better than that
I wanted to mention
unfortunately because I'll be so busy
like this is gonna be a very very very
busy next couple of weeks I may not have
the opportunity to vlog as much so
Veronica is going to be picking up a lot
of the videos and I will be sending her
clips of my days and this is worst case
scenario it might turn out that I'll be
able to still vlog and bring you guys
videos from California but just in case
I can't it will be primarily Veronica
doing the videos from now until I come
back if you want to stay in touch with
me more follow me on snapchat it's chase
underscore Gilroy all lowercase
I'll always have my phone on me and I
promise promise promise if I can't vlog
I will I'll be snapchatting a lot I
promise you that so I'm gonna keep
packing get all my stuff together and I
suppose I'll just see you right back
here tomorrow
