all right people it's that time
Halloween we just got fresh pumpkins to
carve and we are gonna carve them bad
boys today so we're gonna show you
exactly how the gill boys do pumpkin
carton right
yeah first step you gotta lay down
newspaper on your table so you don't
make a big giant mess these kids not do
that step two is you need to clean off
your pumpkin you gotta get all the dirt
and all that stuff off of there so wipe
your pumpkin down your rag who you
calling now this one even though we've
cleaned it and scrubbed it with a cloth
it's still deformed so you can't really
get that off so you make that the back
that's got to be the back okay yeah the
next step is to cut off the top of the
pumpkin you want to cut almost an inch
around an inch and a half maybe around
the top stem so you get this big old
giant lid basically do be careful do
research on make sure you use extreme
caution guys let the adults use the
knives unless your perfectly prepared to
cut off a finger do something like that
it's perfect let me take that I just
don't have enough I mean I just see this
whole thing
almost there
it's heavy next step is to take your
spoon and get inside there and hollow
out this pumpkin take all the seeds and
all the fibers and everything out of
there and don't be afraid to use your
hands my friend that is oh my god boys
started on taking their stuff out it's
time to get started on out this is
actually the first year the boys are
actually digging in put their hands in
the pumpkins Oh three bees years chase
that I have to clean it out they won't
touch the stuff the seeds and you and
stuff inside of it keep him entertained
for a while please
now I'm gonna hollow out my pumpkin and
help the boys get theirs done so we can
start carving
there you go perfectly good pumpkin all
cleaned out
now she's ready to carve since Collins
pumpkin looks like the squash it's kind
of the shape of the squash from plants
vs. zombies that's what he wants and
trying to figure out how to make that
translate you know to a negative which
carving is a negative so I'm gonna have
to do some actual 3d carving but we'll
see check out your pumpkin dude is it
good
next how we're going to Carson's Carson
wants something a little more
traditional like this he wants a jackal
check it out it's done is it spooky yeah
dad thanks for helping me all right now
we're moving on to my pumpkin our
pumpkin mia broncos and i wanted to try
and do one of those because
traditionally we just cut them out we
don't do any carving but I wanted to try
with the basic I think I could pull that
off so that's what I'm going for
let's see if I can actually do it
boon on it I think is gonna turn out I
want to get all this I can't really see
my vision until I get all this skin off
it looks a little tougher than what we
had thought but probably just because we
don't have the right tools you know I'm
doing we're improvising cheapo pocket
knife just Megan's in progress that's
actually pretty pretty nice done cool
it's very time-consuming and tedious
yeah but yeah things stuff like that
actually becomes like a hobby for some
people during this time in the year yeah
all right guys check out what I made I
love it excuse me
perfect that's actually pretty baller
man yeah like I did like it when you're
carving your pumpkin you just want to
come up with the coolest idea just the
scariest or funniest whatever you want
that's the beauty of carving pumpkins
it's completely up to you so figure out
a design and just start cutting I want
to see your pumpkins make sure you tweet
me pictures of your pumpkins that you've
carved this Halloween because I'd like
to see what everyone else come up with a
most important reason that you put the
newspaper down is for this step right
here because literally all you have to
do is roll up paper in the one big ball
and your whole mess is cleaned up unless
you got some underneath like that in
here but I did some pretty intense
Cartman I think you could agree so I
looked on a recipe for chicken tortilla
soup and this is what I came up with
it's a little bit of open stuff thrown
in a pot and been cooking all day guys
he's got enchilada sauce you got chicken
you got chicken broth you got ID see
what else you going guys he's got
enchilada sauce you got chicken you got
chicken broth you guys try it on and see
what else you going
there's chicken and a whole bunch of
spices oh
Vickey enchilada sauce the little green
chilies for the spice and tomatoes and
cheese oh no it smells delicious I know
that much
there is oh let mecha rollin
Veronica's never made tortilla soup
before yes sir our first time any soup
ever well you heard of their folks and I
can tell just by the smell of it this is
gonna be super delicious the New Year
simony OS X came out and I'm getting
everything backed up and trying to move
over to that but I was thinking what why
don't we sit home and just wait well my
computer and stuff is happening why
don't we go ahead fun okay dude yeah not
bad yeah fluffy can't go to the arcade
where are we going yeah okay carry on
play some games right
yeah hold the door from up call and be a
gentleman hold the door for mommy will
be door her mom shoot the middle shoot
the middle yes yes oh it's gonna be good
Marquis Carson you win oh yeah dude
tickets even harder yeah bang it hit it
you suggest to drive it
stay on the grass oh there you go
all right falling killing it
dang that's pretty 180 miles an hour oh
we lost them get him
the boys are gonna battle it out on the
air hockey table
Oh Carson wins it good job dude
you win hey good game Colin you try I'm
running out of battery already this
sucks
so in one token left they're gonna try
this little guy Oh two tickets
all right Carson got 26 two hits and
Colin got twenty-one yeah we're back at
home I write as soon as the kids got
their tickets and they were trying to
get their stuff at the counter my
battery died so Carson only got four
pieces of gum and pulling out two of
those little they're like little rubber
half circle pieces that you flip them
inside out and they pop and fly from
there I mean after we left the arcade we
just stopped at Sonic and got some
milkshakes and slushies came home and I
checked the mail and look what I got got
my blackout housing for my GoPro pretty
sweet nice little addition I'm sitting
here watching TV and here's my homeboy
Alex man though dude if you haven't seen
it yet seriously deal with it as a funny
funny show I'm sitting here with
laughing my ass off on the couch oh yes
good morning everyone I I fell asleep
last night waiting online I have to do
I'm super excited because the new OS for
my MacBook is out and I had to do a
backup so it was very very wise to do a
backup before you update your operating
system just tape for me I've lost stuff
before and we're gonna hopefully I don't
know we're gonna do the scary thing the
new era
I wanted to take the pass you're not
going through it absolutely no that's
fine we're there's this business place
down towards Lancaster it's called the
haunted farm and they do you know like
the scarehouse every Halloween and it's
the closest one to us and my buddy Chad
with the band cross otter he's plinth
they're playing there tonight so I
wanted to go and take the boys but we're
up in the hair as far as like if the
boys are gonna be traumatized if you
have younger kids to let them know and
those scared Wes all right that doesn't
sound fun to me I want I want I want to
have to wipe my ass when I leave so
we're gonna make a decision as far as
whether we do that today or not but I'm
gonna lean towards we definitely do cuz
I want to do something how long before I
go tomorrow we're leaving some people
thought I was going to West Africa to
get Ebola some people thought I was
going to the Outer Banks some people
thought I was going to Rome with my mom
which one I am going to LA to stay with
Roman and work on this movie all of us
together as a massive crew it's gonna be
so much fun and I'm pretty pumped I
can't wait the only bad part of it is
that I have to meet Veronica and kids
for a couple days okay don't get Ebola
all right
we're gonna try and do something fun
hopefully we're gonna do something scary
tonight and yeah so that's about it for
today guys thank you so much for
watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
