when's the last time you're in my
basement my basement is in need some
help be honest the boys have come down
here and really made a mess of things
which they they really know how to do
that pretty well actually check this out
look at this little spider well he's
done up here that little spider wrapped
up a much bigger spider somewhere else
I'd saw it here all right there it is
right there it is look at the size of
this bastard that's a big nasty spider
you don't want to be sleeping on top of
he's in my basement I don't know what to
do I'm not exactly what to do I probably
won't kill him with this but he's
definitely not gonna like it I got stuff
to do and I don't want to think about
him over my shoulder
goodnight my sin
anyone looking here and see the spider
guy he's brought still alive I didn't
want to kill him I just wanted to suck
him in you know it's funny when we first
moved in here I did this and went all
the way around the whole basement with
this little guy right here and I got all
I got all these little spiders and their
spider webs and it was perfectly clean
and we spent a lot of time down here cuz
that's constantly down here shooting
photos and stuff but ever since I
started vlogging and I started doing a
lot more video I haven't been down here
as much so now there's a lot of spiders
moved back in and I have to do this
again that's heard the boys walk in
would you get in there I got a pickaxe
and a lego movie books you got this from
school yeah from the book fair I'll show
you how to make all the potions yeah
that's awesome
these are called the invisibility potion
oh nice if you put gold nuggets and a
carrot you get a golden carrot a golden
carrot yeah ant oh all you need for the
the gold nuggets is one two three four
five six seven eight
hmm eight good nuggets nice that's cool
nice books dude Thanks how was school
yeah I got y'all today yeah it was good
yeah it's good I
that's awesome your star man you come
down and help me when you're done
he's like yeah no you can use it
supposed to be there's an expiration
date for for safety requirements really
yeah give us we still have a ton of baby
stuff like this is a car seat place
there's a car seat down there the baby
car seat that's a little booster chair
when the baby can sit up straight me and
there's a crib right there and there's a
walker right there behind bro yeah two
cribs right there we could do that we
could definitely do that or we could
just build a new one let's build a new
one I think our baby girl deserves a
custom crib yeah a little TV screen
built in the side of it like we could
put an iPad there Oh huh you just messed
it all up
Broncos moved to hair styling he needs a
haircut all right look what I'm doing I
got this white this roll of white paper
I found it to be very very very useful
when you're shooting like product
photography and like we used to just use
my gray slate backdrop for all the smile
more products but I found that like for
whatever reason the color of the subject
that I'm shooting kind of changes the
exposure of the background
so there's inconsistencies so what I did
was I made up a background that's just a
straight background and I cut everything
out now so I shoot against white so
we've just got this white roll right I
have it on like this little stand just
for something flat and then I just have
it rolled down there
but seriously you set it up set up your
little whatever you want to shoot get a
little on-screen preview Center it up
product shot should be centered all the
time make sure I'm focus
it's hot right yeah it's sexy these are
supposed to be these are different we
had different sunglasses before these
ones are shiny and they're a little
stronger and I believe the logos now on
the right side instead of the left side
not only do I have these two shoe but I
also have these pink onesies since we're
having a girl you know I figure pink
onesies appropriate right you can check
this out one of the things I love about
this camera is this screen cuz I can
flip it around and put it any way I want
so I'm not like staring up here favorite
one of my favorite most useful features
on this camera or of any camera for that
matter
it's definitely able to get a pretty
decent shot of the onesie without
ironing in it I underestimated myself
new products on the well not new new
products new styles of the products the
old glasses the old glasses had like a
matte finish these ones are shiny and
now you can choose pink onesies once
you're making somebody went to the
grocery store and got something for
dinner
oh you forgot something remember those
Alfredo rolls that she made a while back
super delicious well she's got chicken
going for that and lasagna noodles going
for that but where's the sauce
I will volunteer to go to the store and
get it okay
you should your sauces thank you hmm I
went as fast as my Jeep Liberty could
take me
aha tomorrow she's gonna make chicken
tortilla soup I hope it's as spicy as I
imagined yeah a big bowl you're gonna
salad for days I'm gonna have a salad
right now what the heck this pain is
only gonna fit like four pieces five
well then you have to give me another
pan I wish you guys could smell this it
smells so good I need more hands yeah I
got a quick vlog gonna need huh well we
had dinner we've watched a little TV I'm
with the boys after we talked about some
school stuff
it's time for bed bedtime who's ready
for bed today's been kind of a really
cool slow day relaxing chill day for me
cuz I'm I'm leaving Sunday for a little
while and I'm trying to not do as much
as I can to be honest this turn from a
quick chore and to go get me a towel so
I can wrap his ass up fluffy has fleas
okay
and look like he's got one stuck to his
head oh there is get him
I'm sorry fluffy you look mad but guess
what you're not allowed to have fleas in
my house sorry brah umad fluffy tell you
what though look at all these fleas we
pull it out so far did you drop one last
one
oh it's been crawling in my man my man
fur I do it's right here I haven't
shaved in like two days someone said in
comments from yesterday's video I need
to shave I will when I when I shower
tomorrow morning out I'll shave it watch
this guy is a scratch free fart when you
play fight
it's a new day I'm feeling good getting
pumped about to leave Sunday got my
flights booked I don't know where I'd be
going that I need to fly to I got a
little bit of stuff that I want to get
done today we're gonna carve pumpkins
and just hang out as a family so that's
all I got for you today thank you guys
so much for watching and I can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
