here's my guys this is how my day starts
with my little ones I mean my days
already started but
yeah Mondays already started but I've
got a lot of stuff to get done taking a
little trip little trip this Sunday see
if you guys can figure out in the next
coming days where I'm going I'm not
gonna tell you until I'm actually going
buddy how's school those are for mommy
what bad Reagan school yeah orange not
in the orange box away
scared Buffy there's mommy you're scared
to poo out of fluffy holy moley he could
aw yes
check me out I've started to eat a
little healthier
so I'm snacking on some not all of that
but pepper jack cheese spinach and hard
shook hummus shower I should stir up
some pretzel chips it's good stuff
it's on you up instead of reaching for
that old bag of Doritos all right we've
determined PJ's here hey what's up he's
alive we've determined this is sitting
on the counter right Bronk because I
bought it ripe but there's mold on the
end of it already so it's it's obviously
not any good I was like let some fruit a
ninja this bitch so I got this knife
right here yeah now we're gonna go so
I'm fruiting into this bitch yeah give
me the camera
I'll block it okay well let me cut it
we'll get out there and blog you guys
here's my little fruit fruit my little
fleet it's time for fruit ninja
Veronica's gonna record it on her
brand-new iPhone 6 at 240 frames per
second
you got that hopefully I don't mess and
make a complete fool of myself here we
go ninja don't think you got it let's
try again let's try again ready look
look at that
freaking fruit ninja yeah yeah he's a
fruit ninja dude you look on my face for
I priceless I'm all like hey let's watch
it in here ready come here lady I was
trying to yes dude
this is awesome all right check it me
and I look like a boss with my hair and
my shirt oh yeah look at the Sun
reflection on the plane
dude that that is magic oh I feel like a
I feel like a king my sword
boys have football practice oh my gosh
boys have football practice and we just
got this chest email to the GoPro I'm
gonna see if we can hook it on one of
the boys it's some cool GoPro footage
that's gonna be awesome that'd be sweet
kidding me well maybe I'll put it on one
of the boys who actually play high five
oh sorry
too much heat you fall asleep
hmm chug-chug-chug what's the part of
practice that's fun sharks a minute good
stuff good job dude Colin
high five times 3 ready 1 2 3 but that's
not when it counts you've got to get
your flags in the game okay okay now you
know what it feels like yeah now you
know how to chase them run after him and
get the flag you did - you did a good
job - Carson high fives for you yeah
yeah good job today at football they're
getting a lot better
I think Colin's more intimidated than
anything with this work just because
he's not a physical kind of guy and I
know some of you probably despise the
fact that we call it football yeah it's
not traditional football on the sense of
outside of America but in America it's
the most popular sport football we're
heading now to the grocery store we got
to get some stuff for ya it's wrong okay
and then going shopping lately
we're gonna have spaghetti mmm you me
gonna go the red box okay you gonna get
stuff I'll come and meet you inside yeah
I got you I got you girl I got your
money she walked around no wallet who
does that it's called disaster LA it's a
zombie movie zombie apocalypse about Los
Angeles I thought you came in here on a
mission he's like I know exactly what I
need to get you crazy there's a cabinet
full of goldfish I ran into a kid in
there he was like he was telling his
buddy he was like yo check out this
picture I was just happened to be
walking by I was like let me see let me
see my seat he was like oh he's like
you're that guy it's like you're uh
Gilroy like yeah oh yeah now show me the
picture no it's funny you recognize it
but anyway the picture was someone
dropped the bottle of wine on the floor
red wine and it was this big giant
puddle yes we took a picture he just
laid down right next to it yeah
looked like his head was all busted
that's fine funny good but dude that
happy fast hello spaghetti you know the
one thing that I love having on my
spaghetti we don't have we didn't even
get it I thought we had it here do you
know what it is it's white it's flaky
Mama's on cheese you always load your
plate of spaghetti with Parmesan cheese
I do anyway what up accent what's up
dude high five yeah
you want some spaghetti dude oh okay huh
I like sauce on there but you know I
also like Tabasco on there where do you
see how much the basket ready what's
basketball no means melon pours probably
using that you just have to have two
words or tobacco yeah we're talking
about we're talking about actually the
seriousness of this whole Ebola virus
that's happening right now and we're
honestly I mean I don't know I don't
want to bark too soon but cuz we got
kids here but I want to know seriously
let's spark a debate in my comment
section what do you think about the
Ebola outbreak that is happening right
now I mean from what I recall we were
promised here in America that when we
brought those two doctors back from West
Africa promised by our president that we
were not seeing how great the whole in
America because we had the means to
contain it or treat it right and now we
have we had a guide diet we had those
two doctors actually lived a black guy
died from it I forget his name
the nurse that took care of him has it
now her boyfriend has tested positive
for it one before she was
she flew home to Cleveland Ohio to visit
her family last week so she flew back to
Texas and yeah
the virus is right now with rocket
launchers I'm saying everybody gets a
rocket launcher plasma freakin cannon
and every time the Sun comes close and I
got a fever we'll just blow them away
with my plasma rifle I'm up here playing
with the kids I got Paxton here look at
your room dude
you guys haven't made a mess what he
just went to pick up grandma all right
what do you think how'd I do good snow
pea Sun power it's the flower peashooter
was Shady
it's only black but think oh we didn't
you like her there we suck I suck well I
mean what do you think what I like this
hair I like hot in the air pretty rad
when you're told you have to go to bed
I know buddy come on but don't worry
tomorrow's another day it's gonna be so
much fun and exciting you're gonna learn
so much in school I don't care oh you
want piggyback ride - Wow
hold on you guys are getting too Airy
all right this is how we do bedtime at
the Gilroy house are you ready for movie
I think Paxton's gonna have to wear like
blindfold for this movie yeah
nobody sleep any minute actually it's
getting late right he's gonna fall
asleep any minute
probably hey Betsy was Havana trap good
morning everyone it's it's true Gilroy
fashion I still have that sickness the
the YouTube final clip ëitís you know
anyway here's my recommendation on that
movie last night disaster LA - thumbs
way way down probably the worst zombie
movie I've ever seen in my life
the one walking dead is much better
no no other zombie movie or show
compares to Walking Dead sure I if you
have the chance to rent disaster LA just
go ahead and not do that guess what what
today right that hair I was so spooky
yeah oh really scared of that I'm sure
you should have been great
oh yeah yeah we're gonna go to a haunted
barn I wanted farm oh my gosh yeah
we're gonna get the poo scared out of us
so I'll pack some toilet paper all right
but that have you got what I got that's
about all for us today and we can't wait
to see you right back here tomorrow
