Tom just left to go to FedEx and I
figured out how to get this battery
charged we've been messing with these
hexacopters well this is a quadcopter
but the expert Josh he hooked Tom up
with this guy and I figured out how to
charge the batteries and Tom just went
to FedEx so I'm gonna get a little more
practice in while he's away and try to
fly this I'm not gonna do this alone
this is Evan Evan actually just started
apprenticing with Tom pretty much he's
gonna start doing some editing and Evan
has agreed to help me yes go behind
Tom's back and try and fly his phantom
and if I wreck it it's gonna be totally
his fault miss Jeff just flashes green
right green lights green lights
Evan hold my camera for me dude got it
hurry up
or work backward well that way go that
way
hey I got this I think you got the hang
of it
of an infant landing
Hey
soft landing here we go
I got this it's good it's safe nothing
happened
you know surprisingly dude these things
are so freakin cool I'm just super
disappointed that there isn't support
for the GoPro like maybe you need a
stronger one tell me if you have one of
these tell me what you have to do if
there's settings that you change to make
it handle the GoPro or more you know
like heavy weight in the front where the
camera is because when we took it off it
just wanted to go this way if you have
one please tell me how how do you use
this because I'm not gonna buy one if I
can't put my GoPro on it Evan here is a
magician it's true I also do magic Oh
super trick shuffle shuffle them will do
I mean the world's best shuffle but okay
I'm gonna let down won't continue shop
okay look you satisfied that those are
shuffled yes I shuffled it okay cut them
in half
Carmen huh whoa you'll pick a half
whichever one you want
okay you sure you want that one yeah
positive
yeah okay all I want you to do is just
go through pick out any card you want
and put it facedown right there any card
I want yeah you can look at it or not
looking at it it's up to you okay okay
let's let's see I'll show the viewers
what we're working with here let's
choose this one this one done this one
doesn't do much for me hopefully it
doesn't do much for you put that down
right there now what okay so you have
your card chosen yep this one that one
yeah all right you're gonna take my back
okay I'm gonna take your back okay take
that card and bear it in there don't let
me see
here do not really the same thing with
mine why put it in your pack okay
shuffle it up
you want me to shovel it yep okay
shuffle mine see here I'm not very good
with this part of shuffling it's fine
please ignore my phone ringing cuz I'm
busy doing magic tricks
alright okay so you have effectively
lost your card in there correct I would
say so yeah and I've effectively lost my
card in your pack so now we are going to
trade back okay you're gonna go through
there well first off I'm gonna go
through her I'm gonna find what I think
is your card okay okay I want you to do
the same thing I want you to go through
that back and find whichever card jumps
out at you that you think I picked
okay's down okay okay let's see here see
if anything stands out here whichever
one jumps out at you
I don't know why but that one jumps down
yeah okay okay so start off with this
has everything been fair up until this
point well yeah you shuffled it you cut
it you picked your half I picked your
card free choice right yeah noise okay
so I'm a magician so it's nothing for me
to find you're ten of spades okay not a
big deal right the crazy is if you
picked out my Jack of Diamonds what the
heck dude magic nah I feel super
powerful right now I picked on you jack
Davis bro dude he just tricked me carnie
card okay all right card anyone the deck
don't know what it is okay
why was your car I don't remember I have
to play back the video right now
whatever I set my heart so yeah yeah
sometimes this is amazing
not only did your car rise to the top of
the day it turns to a subspace damn
right we're gonna shoot me scaring a poo
out of him right over here just like I
did you that one day ready oh wait he's
gonna see my phone here and be like yeah
I got I gotta cover all the bases you
ready yeah I tried to scare you it was
so it's so awful though we're getting
set up to do a cool shot of the rich
flying over the highway I'm hoping that
one we don't get in trouble for that and
two we don't cause any accidents for for
all those rubberneckers out there no no
we'll see
you put your flier dude and some pretty
awkward situations for this video okay
here at Shepherdsville
okay well apparently flying flying
helicopters over state property which is
which is what this highway is is a
little bit of a no-no I guess el nopal
this is the third time we've tried to
come here
Tom's been raving about this place isn't
really good really okay so one night I
work night shift I run into your crews
go help someone call it in about a woman
hanging something over the overpass I
don't know which one wasn't both guys
supposed to be the woman no they listen
our pilot it hit them with we were
finally you want to put it down to
gregor's yeah oh my god yes so I guess
Tom knows all the cops around here you
we were like we're filming with Tom mabe
and he goes oh this is my beer yeah and
that's Tom's beer Wow I have immediately
regretted my dinner choice here's my
quesadilla look at this big boy oh macha
looks juicy that is the biggest piece of
chicken I've ever seen it's not even
real
I know I think it's not real chicken
against GMO chicken you know what it is
a big roadkill no I'm all about that
bass about that bass no no trouble no
hey no problem
no no trouble you don't in trouble not
at all I like a little bit of trouble
right there no I'm all about that bass
bout that bass no treble
Josh is leaving dude it's that time
thanks so much for all your skills dude
you are often arrested here do me the
favor so I don't have to annotate or say
something wrong
I wanted to tell everyone how to find
you if they want to get a hexacopter
customers emails
what's your email all right you heard it
you went your hot ass custom pick
sculptures right there with that guy
trust me he knows what he's doing all
right I've made a decision is it's it's
a little late in the evening but we're
gonna blaze back home the red-eye by
Melanie I love you you're great all
right maybe high fives for the road Oh
Josh you did it yeah Kenzi always a
pleasure
we'll see you guys soon if we don't see
you soon good afternoon good evening and
good night good night as always Kentucky
was a blast Tom thank you so much for
the hospitality
it's gonna be super super early in the
morning by the time I get home so I
might as well cut it up here thank you
guys so much for watching I can't wait
to see you right back here come on
