good morning everybody we're coming at
you again from the super spooky the
Waverly Hills it was a tuberculosis
tuberculosis to berk larosa had an I
don't notice a tuberculosis there you go
tuberculosis clinic from way back in the
day apparently over 70 people was a 70
or 70,000 70,000 people died here of
tuberculosis and we're shooting a really
cool halloween video with Tom the that
was epic dude basically we just finished
filming here the last few clips that we
need to make a really cool spooky video
and it's all thanks to this guy's
Brandon right Brandon works here and do
tell me again the shadow thing well it's
a black shadow figure of a person right
it starts with in the hall comes closer
gets bigger eventually the hall always
blacked out is it and this he's not
joking either this is he works here and
they do like it they do a Halloween you
know scarehouse every Halloween and he's
been around so he's actually seen
paranormal happening in this place
and I tell you what dude I wouldn't be
sticking around I'd be like McDonald's
application bro but I'm going to tell
you I do this place ain't no joke well
there's these little balls all around
here what's the story with the balls
Brandon
child the place with balls in here
really yeah Timmy Timmy Timmy likes to
play with the balls have you ever seen
them just roll around without any
influence uh yes I have really hmm man
we just got we just got the real deal
history from the man himself awesome who
you and give me that Clint from the
front vlog back on my blog I was gonna
hear blah ah I was blogging it whoo
we're all blog hogging it long hug yeah
a man Josh over here this battery
charging station that's so intense dude
look at this all the batteries all
talking at once I'm sure that's serious
thousand watch out in that josh says one
of these batteries just one of these
guys 70 bucks for one of them batteries
134 one of these bigger ones it's what
you got to spend when you're trying to
play that RC game if you'd like to know
I can hook you up with Josh's info if
you want to have a custom-built
hexacopter that's the guy talk to you
right there look at her I don't know
Veronica you got competition this girl
is smoking who's it who's excited he's
married he's married it's got a pavement
away yeah I'm blocking you dude I know I
know you uh look where we are this is
the Louisville walking bridge I guess
right yeah we're gonna film a couple
more Clips for the video that we started
shooting yesterday and then who knows
what else this day is gonna have four
we spent most of the morning today
editing getting everything wrapped up to
send to the clients to make sure they're
happy with what we're doing and that's
about all I got that's all I got Tom
look at these crazy people
that's cold water I hope you know big
four
42 people died making this bridge huh
how many people died walking on it so
josh is about to do something that I
probably would never attempt with my
highly sophisticated flying machine and
take it over the edge of this bridge but
you seem confident
okay does not paying any attention to
that Oh was it me oh nice good flyness
awesome love that thing battle creek I
just got the coolest ending shot for ya
bit dude very new do that look at that
background look at that I mean just
imagine this old girl flying right at
the camera see me awesome dude I loved
thank you for producing that shot that's
a very nice shot oh yeah babe let me
guess what I do gilroy you know the
hardest thing about filming this bit is
spectator look everyone's like what is
this what's going on looks like a place
always hmm I can't blame him dude ha I
still want to fly that thing even though
I rekted her I didn't mention but I
actually test fluid earlier and I and I
may have wrecked it a little bit took
this huh yeah film days over so now it's
time to eat mild salsa and huh oh my
goodness whoop what's this
timi kaam chicken Jimmy John chicken
Jimmy Tong do this K so incredibly this
is for me all right Tom need to hit the
fringe of rice right you send open the
record yeah I think she may have put it
on there anyway really yeah yeah but no
that's all right oh you eat it shoot
yeah burger chimichanga burrito I guess
it just keeps going
thank you dang it no dirt we're doing
it's nice what do you think huh I think
it's funny I told her you were 27
actually you should do that Frank by
myself I used to go nice like a powerful
Charlie dropping oh please and go hey
man sup I'm just by myself ha ha it's
not birthday my birthday you did maybe
you gather unit some of your co-workers
and cheering me up seeing this barking
at me think about that one oh come on
who did it we just got back to Tom's
house and Josh she made me a little
surprise i'm eating gilbert car look at
this it's it's a Gilroy blogs racing car
I'd take the wheels off to paint it how
freaking thoughtful is that bro look
smile more logo chubby rays pizza cuz
that's where we ate last night and you
know to kill likes doritos yeah number
one is your number one you're number one
but number one other dude don't know
fangirling rule number one I know I'm
not through that I just oh good I
register I want to put a number that's
awesome I wanted to number one gets a
high five awesome dude all right here we
are it's morning lonely old classic Gill
sicknesses the YouTuber final clip
ìitís have you ever experienced that
no youtuber final clip ìitís that's
where when you have a problem ending
your clips in the same day you know
ending your blogs and the same day oh I
just made the short super short by
request scatterbrain vlog we did spend a
whole lot of time yesterday editing and
getting a bunch of stuff tied up so
today we're gonna start fresh I'll make
you a badass vlog but I saw me my bad
and we're starting today right with eggs
and bacon coffee ripe banana galveston
an astute making a bowl for ya know
alright guys so that's about it for this
video I can't wait to see you right back
here
tomorrow
