52 pounds of dog food that'll last like
a week what is happening guys welcome to
the vlog today I hope you feel
oppression fantastic because it is a
beautiful day look at the sunshine just
just flowing abundantly how blessed are
we to experience a day like this
flex seventy five degrees and climbing
oh look who's home look who's here oh
this little nugget came home super late
last night and just enough time for us
to shower and go to sleep yes and we
missed you everyone tell Veronica in the
comments how much we missed her okay
I've already gone to the store and I've
gotten the stuff that I need to finish
this project of D it's time to get
serious
this build is coming along nicely so
basically I spent off-camera time
putting the firing mechanism together
it's done and it's awesome
alright so here's my my valve remember
this is our this is what keeps the air
from passing to the gun until we want it
to and here is our trigger inside the
box
I've soldered together these 9-volt
jackets and we have the wires coming
from the valve into here to our switches
and it's a redundant switch so you have
to press both of them so we press one
and then when we click the other one it
fires all contain nice and neat inside
this box which will mount to the size of
gun so now all that's left is
we've cut we've measured everything is
in line now what I have to do is start
gluing and fitting these pieces together
here's what we're going to do first
first we're going to work on the barrels
and get all of their fittings glued and
together this is the this is the main
combustion barrel or the firing barrel
so we're going to taper this in for
potatoes and then we're going to glue
and put together this end we have to use
purple primer first to prep the pipe and
then after we'll put on the actual
cement
all the threaded connections we're going
to fit with teflon tape so just to make
it more airtight and then we can worry
about gluing them if we don't have it
sealed properly oh yeah that's
we're left with a perfectly tapered
barrel that will cut the potatoes when
you put them in but like I said at the
start of this I am anticipating using
this for at least the first few buyers
with something different we think dude
do you know what it is potato launcher
obviously obviously it's modular we have
to connect the barrel to the handle and
then make sure that all the threads have
teflon tape and it's pretty much good to
go I'm just letting it sit for a while
so that the fumes can kind of get out of
there because we don't want any of that
messing around our first fire one once
perfect timing
while we're waiting for glue to dry
Veronica just gets back from the store
punky you and Gail you know what you
want to go in the oven a lot together
I want to go job did you guys have fun
oh yeah got the little cart with the car
on it so she could pretend like she's
driving through the store maybe
entertainer because last time she had to
get out and walk and that just makes
choices long but she has fun she enjoys
it did you enjoy it
she only lasted about halfway through in
the car and she wanted to get out yeah
mommy hi
you want to blow bubbles little girl all
right like then look under the no don't
put it in your mouth yeah Becky no look
like
oh yeah well look at this one echo
really like butthole quick and dirty
mount on the trigger assembly that's
just not permanent I'm thinking about
epoxy it or trying to figure out another
different way but we had to put in a
spacer using a block an electrical tape
with a couple of breaks right there so
it can't slide out and it should be
pretty sturdy and with that I think this
thing's I think it's ready dude I think
it's ready for a test shot hmm okay so
I'm going to use a tire pressure gauge
to tell how much air I'm putting in here
I don't have a pressure gauge on the gun
itself so I have to keep monitoring it
with this tire pressure gauge somewhere
around 15 20 pounds is my first pet
just so you can see what's going on
already over 30 psi fire I'm not sure I
would have to put this to the actual
like test and just hook up an air
compressor to it and let it run until it
blows up and see what at what psi that
length of pipe would fully explode I
think you should go for 40
dealing with high-pressure air it is
very dangerous so you have to be very
aware of the consequences of a mistake
so I'm showing you what I've done but I
do not condone you building this
yourself can be quite dangerous well I
think that's pretty much it
now with the use that I wanted to put it
- I think we can put enough air in there
to move something okay so the beanbag
foam is actually the perfect stuff to
put in here that would just be silly
enough to not hurt anybody but super
funny to catch someone off guard 40
pounds ready by Oh perfect time to do it
angling it almost ronica doesn't even
know yet but she's the reason I built
this big we're going to use it in a real
world application and that's on my wife
so we're going to fill this thing up
with air I'm gonna have Caleb go inside
time to come out and check this thing
out in action but a little dish you know
I'm right around the corner waiting for
as soon as she comes out that door
not money to work I was scared that it
was maybe harder tonight oh honey I just
have to test it I love you
clean up this mess no that's yours
alright I'll get it there you have it
folks the potato launcher is a absolute
success we could let it cure more to
make sure that the glue is certainly dry
and we could put more pressure to it
but no air leaks the electronic trigger
worked beautifully and we were able to
put foam inside it and launch it at a
pretty decent Bluff okay yeah yeah yeah
so it sums up today's video if you want
to see more of this type of stuff we
have yet to shoot a potato out of it and
actually sure that's going to do pretty
well I'm going to set up another chamber
just like this so we can kind of blow it
up and see exactly how much pressure we
can put in but yeah honey there's some
room on your back so I don't my air to
elbow me in our Manor that was epic
though right yeah like that thing works
yeah did you feel a lot of air oh not a
lot just a little fluffy pillows hitting
you all over your body here
your home button let's look so good in
my bed last night no I think she like
didn't even want to wake up talking to
one went off her kids to go to school
she was just like I didn't even hear you
get out of bed I'm sweating here ha
battery is flashing that means it's the
perfect time to say this was a good lie
in another language don't really know
any other language what well let's take
a learning lesson then you guys in your
language put in the comments how you say
goodbye the English and native spelling
Dada okay all right guys so that's what
we're going to call it for today thank
you so much for hanging out with us
thumbs up today's video if you want to
see more potato launcher is being built
more things shot at Veronica ah you're
going to teach me anything
hey thank you guys so much for watching
we can't wait to see you right back here
