that's pretty sunrise thumb up super
super early in the Tom's we're gonna
film another
I'm on the tour right now filming viral
videos I believe for the Internet would
you believe I haven't had coffee yet I'm
crossing state lines alright so here we
are back with the prank it up master Tom
mabe see ya
I missed you by the way so today I don't
know if you guys remember Tom's super
viral video last year during this time
it's a Halloween Grim Reaper epic epic
Grim Reaper this one this year we're
gonna do a witch and a ghost yeah this
girl right here this is my girl she's
cute
brought in a hotshot pilot Josh yeah
let's talk about that Josh say what's up
this is Josh he is the expert with just
hexacopter he's got look at this remote
here man that's a serious remote I kind
of don't want to touch it because I
might break it you know what really gets
me about this weather is yesterday it
was rainy two feet of snow a little cold
I had to wear my jacket
today I had to take off the jacket dogs
were in shorts
so crazy man it's my favorite part of
film day this don't say creepy right
here but I don't know what does Oh get
this look at this look at this look at
this
we just found a gold mine Creek Creek
Factory
this is called Waverly Hills it used to
be an old like psychiatric facility and
apparently this place is known to be
haunted
many many shows have been filmed here
like ghost hunters have been here Abbi
the girl with tom she is a ghost hunter
of sorts and she claims that this place
has some of the most active paranormal
activity and we're about to film here
they were like millions of people that
died here with tuberculosis there was a
nurse that hung herself because she was
pregnant she didn't want to give it to
her baby and she had it already so she
was just gonna kill herself and they're
like there's a death chute where they
would put all their dead bodies and like
you can laugh sure you can like walk
through the dead chute I think that
might have something to do with it I
don't know but um there were people who
like jumped off the balcony themself
who's ridiculous this was so miserable
and like they use it now for like a
haunted attraction during the hat you
know the the Halloween season and you
can just roam the whole place I just
remembered I got I got I got somewhere
to go
um I'm instantly creeped out here
I want to go inside we're gonna try and
shoot some shots inside so we get it go
inside here and look okay noted and then
oh yeah this is Louis Hayden's room she
was a she had some family come up here
and they told me that this is the room
that she had someone's the flowers are
the fuck yeah those look long done we
got zombie balls on the Proms goes over
real big what what's this little
patience has got all the coolest artsy
toys I don't know if I showed you Ocelot
this helicopter back here super huge
awesome and another hexacopter with the
3 axis gimbal GoPro mount josh has been
charging his batteries off his car
battery for the hexacopter and now his
car battery's dead
and I was like well why don't you just
use your crush to charge batteries to
start your car I was joking
this freaking guy is about to try it my
battery's flashing please don't die
fresh battery look who's here we're
gonna go have a little guys night yeah
man awesome for a little while we're
gonna get some pizza
swimming office getting laptops yeah we
gotta go to the Louisville Louisville
Pizza Company we've been there before I
want to talk for a second John I saw
your latest episode on the racers you're
doing good Josh I don't know Josh knows
everything there is to know about NASCAR
he's doing he's doing a show on YouTube
called the racing source so make sure
you guys check it out if you love pizza
grease ease back pickle this is our guys
night out I know you're thinking it
might be a little late Oh hookers will
be here in 10 minutes what Josh gonna
black I don't think we should be doing
anything more exciting than sausage
pepperoni and extra cheese pizza and all
waitress is
is she yeah hot are you ask her for her
number maybe a double triple dog dare ya
okay I'll blog oh hey how are ya
can I have your number kind of I don't
know that you feel something that's
because you gotta have a little bit more
gotta have a little bit more style dude
you can't just be like be like you gotta
be smooth dude you gotta be like I think
that you're really really cute is there
any chance that you and I could maybe
meet up sometime
have a cup of coffee talk see what
happened Ernie - mm-hmm
oh it's Kentucky whiskey that's why have
I mentioned lately look at this we're
gonna mess with this later
I'll tell you what yeah I want to play
with this fandom hook my GoPro up to
that phantom flying around and get some
super super cool aerial footage that's
one of them just ordered a convener hey
don't forget the Bourbon check out this
old school the very first Apple iMac
this is what it used to look like I
don't know if any of you have ever seen
an original Apple iMac dude I think this
would be the first Macintosh computer
that accepted the three and a half inch
floppy drive Steve Jobs and his seventh
cohort inside oh dude stuck I'm cornered
over here dude Trump Todd
exploding a mile chase I can't even
breathe yet you chose that restaurant
Taco Bell was just talk dude I'm just
stuck the came out these your bowels you
can say you wrecked them the gas air
okay my mom my church up the methane
dude chopper chopper come on it's hard
it's hard for me to say this I'm a man
yeah what I love I'm I'm all about that
bass no no problem
how awesome would it be to see Tom on
snapchat
I'll be like a live vlog everyday Tom on
snapchat guys guys guys guys guys I've
had a couple sips of some whiskey with
the old Tom name I'm going to bed guys
thanks so much for watching I love each
and every single one of you I suppose
I'll see you right back here tomorrow
you
