good morning guys oh I didn't tell you I
was coming back to film with none other
than mr. hudsucker at the oh and Dennis
Roady we're doing this let's go
you made the trip oh yeah then we're
gonna kill this video let's do this
video bro
Pop's you look like your problems yeah
but first we're gonna go eat some food
so betos yeah b-dubs
let's go I'm not sure exactly why these
guys just got so excited but they found
this guy on the side side of the road
that they apparently know and they're
gonna go what do you do I'm performing
monkey for this guy upon his table and
sing for these people and they're all
super moist they were all sitting in a
picnic table with elderly people I said
I'm not gonna get on this table they're
eating at the guitar he said well you
want to get into showbiz just pussy yeah
you'll get up on the table right now and
saying you using dippity-do on the table
by a ceiling fan oh my five bucks
appreciate doesn't thank you sir would
you tell me how is the condition I am
like to be in the video come on yeah
okay great
that's so cool but now it's time to get
serious if he does he's ready to be
serious yeah
we had no it isn't goodness just that's
the managers yeah if they had the
picture of when he completed the blazing
challenge if you remember I was a quite
a few vlogs away yeah we did the blazing
challenge right here back there in that
booth I sweated my head off
I had third-degree burns on my mom
pictures they hold up so he talked to
the manager because oh yeah you knew it
yeah he saw the pictures so we do that
and I so picture is they call was a
picture all right here it is haha look
at my lips I look like the Joker why is
that why is it it up sonatina someone
we're updating on
mine says never as I saw ever
take a little ship through wing madness
I've never seen anyone miss you my
friend
I enjoy my wings driving along no it
doesn't
yeah look how messy this dude is I was
quite nervous that we were gonna be
raining now but the luck of the gods I
came in town come to town the rain goes
away rain cleared away we will be able
to finish this epic this is a good
enough scratching video that's great one
nuts let's see that see how I did that
there Dennis smiles and all of a sudden
a rainbow comes out in clouds I don't
know what you just said because I don't
even know him
got your mic in place yeah yeah I'm in
the back of the roadie the roadie
'mobile with the camera mics all miked
up pun intended
we're about to smash this video right
now
I thought we'd check in with
oh it went great Carson all right we're
going back to Dennis's to edit and edit
and edit we finished this video today
and it feels really good so we're going
to celebrate for dinner at Panda Express
super good spot and I know unfortunately
you guys know how it is filming videos
with Mike around you probably won't see
it for a while so unfortunately I'll
have to put the link for that video in
the description of this video because by
the time you see this it's going to be
up oh enjoy this is a little celebration
activity for the video we shot today
we're gonna go edit it but first we got
to clear our minds and have a little bit
of fun first check out this vest it's
freakin sick Laser Tag best Dennis
you're totally going no kicking in the
nuts all right
there's ground rule number one no not
kicking yeah I got it do you
they're gonna constantly change
throughout the match bunch of different
colors you might be an orange green
yellow purple like that so when we go to
the next room there's going to be a
bunch of red and blue best in there
you're just going to grab whatever one
you want each I'm gonna have a different
name on it and I think about in a second
when you put your vest on put it on kind
of like a backpack and then buckle it in
like a light jacket it's got a buckle at
the bottom and a buckle oh yes when you
pull the trigger on the phaser it lights
up the screen that screens gonna have a
code name on it it'll seem like Jedi
Megatron yoga blaster Iceman nothing
good New York Tom you wouldn't wanna be
yoga so just take that in that's a blue
one take that name match it up for the
scoreboard on the other side of that
wall for the game Joker tells you how
many points you have here's the most
important part when you hold the phaser
hold it with two hands you got to cover
up this bump right here at the bottom oh
no that's the only way you can fly you
walk around like this one hand it's not
gonna do anything at all so what you
want to aim for to get points is
anywhere that's lit up and blinking so
if you tag anywhere on the phase or
where these lights are or on the
shoulders you're going to get 50 points
if you tag the front or the back
oh well you chase megaphone wait oh here
we go dude look at the space it's time
to play boys Dennis are you upstairs
wait you can't stay up on camera yeah oh
yeah oh dude I'm sorry one day I thought
we were in strong dude oh yeah oh boy oh
boy oh yeah look at that Megatron is the
winner with 38
heck yeah dude Dennis did I just win I
just win Bella that gives you 30 percent
accuracy I'm not interested yeah I'm
gonna be completely honest that place
made me feel like that was 12 years old
let's do that do that there's one shot
right in the window to talk to the guy
so all chase just look at is that ass
right in the face ask you what they've
got and you're just like this this guy
is this guy actually sure then it's
getting that magic edit on yeah we think
you're diggin it
I guess any good so needless to say at
this point that I it's like it's it's
exactly 139 in the morning been editing
all night I got my vlog up then this is
gonna miss this video up and everything
would be available for you to view
tomorrow I have to go to Kentucky in the
morning to film another epic prank of
Tom make so I'm gonna get some rest then
this is probably gonna still edit yeah
Mike's over there we're gonna make out
what we do man what we do all right guys
that's the end of line for me today
thank you so much for watching and I
can't wait to see you right back here
