good morning guys just got my hair done
and I'm faced with a really difficult
question right now I feel like it's tell
me the button right top bun no tapa
button or no time button buttoned or no
time button
I don't know I usually go with no top
button but right now I feel like it's
everyone's wearing on top one I think we
should do it no top right cuz I'm
g.skill right unique I'm my own person
right yeah
hey where are we going today look at you
and go get a pumpkin yeah a big pumpkin
really a big big why for what for
Halloween yeah yeah are you gonna carve
your own pumpkin this year what good
last year you didn't I carved it you
didn't clean it out though oh yeah are
you ready to call him yeah I think
fluffy he'll be okay here by himself
he's kind of a loner
we're fluffy say hi to everybody say hey
fluffy oh that's a good fluffy yeah he's
a cool cat man alright we're going to
the pumpkin patch and you guys are
coming with us the pumpkin patch
it's just a farm look at all those
pumpkins oh my gosh
yeah it's gonna be so cool yeah that's
plenty of sign I've seen all their
alright boys do it do go down the slide
fast as you can just a big giant - I'll
be at the bottom all right cars in there
good job dude look who I found
we're mainly at it did I thought I
thought I was in danger
you know lethal weapons the chicken
shack look at these guys you got a
little too close to the ceiling fan how
long piece of that make some electricity
boy faster faster faster come on come on
one you can do it
it looks really difficult that looks a
lot harder I know I know
here hold this let me try it
we're inside this spooky straw tunnel
right now this thought of monster scared
me you better get out of here monster
it's too small for me I'm hitting the
ceiling you're gonna get lost in here
the most epic look it's a pigeon we just
got in this dude UK corn man leave us
we're lost already I'm gonna freak out
I'm gonna freak out this there's too
much corn we just got a run we just got
a run run
please we just got a run what I got
spooked I had to take off to go off
through the maze I'm sweaty yeah they
both look the same
can you smell it
can you smell it it supposed to be using
my centers your sensors no not that way
we're supposed to come out right here by
that that plate thing go call and go
find the exit yes we did it
you'll see for your safety please stay
on path to avoid poison ivy briars and
even spiders and Bigfoot what let's go
find us some Bigfoot I love tire swings
you won't hit a tree we've had our fun
we've seen all pretty much we can see
here now it's time to get our pumpkins
who's ready for pumpkins yeah let's get
the biggest ones check this out first
place pumpkin carving champion
that's awesome look even these black
parts are pumpkin
they're just charred
it's cool cool we got a mind changer
this one looks more like a squash do you
need help you want to help or what it's
pretty cool looking though I gotta admit
cooling pumpkin 66 that's 66 pounds of
pumpkin holy cow thanks dude
well we did it we successfully visited
the pumpkin patch for another year we
got our pumpkins back there was got a
pulse Eider Veronica got exhausted yep
now it's time to go home and relax well
not me they're going on relax I'm going
up to the Apple store real close I'll
bring you back I'll bring you back
something really cool okay I promise
promise
there we go
the best store on the planet boom
another successful visit to the Apple
store just came for a case I wanted to
keep my phone protected the Apple store
didn't have in stock any screen
protectors for the iPhone 6 so I'm
making a little pit stop here it'll
Pickerington Ohio cool little spot we
head up the Best Buy and see if I can't
find screen protector just goofing off I
had to leave I had to leave a photo here
on the display found no I got mommy
top-of-the-line glass invisible shield
screen protector it's got a lifetime
warranty if it ever gets damaged or
scratched all you gotta do is send it
back and we'll send you a free one
really $40 at best buy price-match tit
at $19.99 half off enjoy that I also got
the chesty GoPro mount so that we can
put it on one of the boys for a football
game get some cool football footage cool
right yeah this guy I believe was $39 at
Best Buy got it for 2250 the GoPro dual
battery charger because I got batteries
for my GoPro this was $29 on sale I got
it for 2250 also so I saved a good bit
of money yeah
price matching I'm telling you what
these companies take advantage of people
because they're not smart enough to use
these things like price matching you you
would pay full price if you didn't know
any different so price match they price
match Amazon which is great so when you
go into Best Buy particularly price
match you're gonna save yourself a bunch
of dough well guys the day is winding
down look we got all kinds of festive
Halloween decorations up more to come
we're gonna clean up dinner and
go to bed early kids got school tomorrow
and we got a bunch of stuff to get done
that right I'm tired all right so that's
all we got for you today guys thank you
so much for watching and I can't wait to
see you right back here tomorrow
