good day gladiators look at my family
all tucked in the back here all my boys
yeah this one we just acquired Mike I
got adopted Mike liked our house so much
he was pretty much like I'm I'm not
leaving I'm just gonna stay here it was
the Bessie's house of many another to
mine for a while so I might be having
this my second
no but really we're going to last minute
true my sucker fashion last-minute
change idea plans change everything he
wants to shoot this video tomorrow that
really I'm only shooting because he gave
me an offer I can't refuse
yep I mean you can't refuse it unruhe
fusible offer unreviewable offer and I'm
just gonna go ahead and bite the worm
yeah I'm gonna do surprised though I'm
really excited is the biggest surprise
biggest video I've ever filmed ever most
important video he's ever filmed in his
life would you agree with that what
we're doing is planning a whole like a
longer day of filming and so Mike only
has one located battery of this one 3
say passing out they went to school dude
they woke up early these are 2 so right
now we're filming stuff that we're just
going to delete probably right does that
what he does yeah he doesn't like it he
just deletes it
so when I fell what's he gonna do with
it believe
why would you delete my footage I don't
know
is enough all right so right now we're
going to batteries is unlimited it's a
long shot but this place usually has all
the batteries you could ever think of so
but they're they're usually cheap
knockoffs just so you know if whoa
that's not the one I want I just told
you I have the knock-offs
do not get the knockoffs right now he's
taking me to get the knockoffs that Lulu
that I charged all night and still dad
so we're gonna actually Wow you didn't
you didn't let him discharged the first
time oh yeah okay
actually then you're gonna teach me no
hots of it here's the thing when you buy
new batteries like rechargeable
batteries especially the like big camera
batteries you have to charge it all the
way up first and then when the first
time you use it you have to discharge it
all the way so that it creates that
memory in the battery it says real I'm
not messing around that's that's 100%
legit because I didn't do that I never
let him discharge and now all my
batteries so now your big giant battery
thinks it's probably this big yeah this
is one minute actually and it started
raining but
the Sun went away right I can see it too
it's perfect
it's a perfect rainbow oh my god it's
beautiful
all right it's been a lot of fun Mike
hey they can't even get me to leave the
house I feel like I'm part of the family
the kids love me so much the de Foix fee
sorry I don't know they don't know what
we're doing I'm going out to eat with my
wife and my two kids all right we're
gonna go have some dinner yeah and now I
gotta leave them all right who are dudes
here this guy is the man all right no
more of that they already know yeah we
are dead locked into a very serious
debate the choices are Applebee's or I
huh I choose Applebee's seriously
here's my take on its it's night time I
go to IHOP for pancakes eggs sausage
delicious breakfast stuff but on a
Friday night you should go to Applebee's
yeah what do you want
I uh I just want all the parts and I
haven't been there for a year well well
what's the matter what do you love it so
much dear because you just liked the
salad all right what do you say lives we
we cheer up this old boy was some all of
God night huh just a moment ago I was
the odd man out
I want an Applebee's and everyone else
wanted IHOP so I say if I hop was out
then we get to go to Applebee's all
garden sounds better than Applebee's
verses I hope all right all garden let's
go go go Allah garden
we have to wait just a few minutes for
our table it was a real special occasion
I thought what better neither tonight to
let the boys to start to drink chug it
boy can you burp it
this is how you sit down have a nice
family meal in the middle of a
restaurant
how's that sound
we were all excited about that sounds
the Tour of Italy grapes and mac and
cheese
Veronica's taking pears with her new
nose was drinking you're pregnant we
came love's because Veronica wants some
supplies to complete her palate projects
look what is up already Christmas
Christmas charcoal you know that wreath
that's legit
that's the legit wreath right there do
you like the white Christmas tree is
that awesome or what oh it's so soft of
like q-tips
all that one looks like it's got snow on
it all right what else do you see are
you eating a breadstick covered being in
lows inspires the crap out of me because
I would really love to update all the
fixtures in my house build like finished
the basement drywall carpet the whole
nine yards and the the building on the
other side of my property
it's gonna be a studio like a studio
with the rack lighting and everything
that I would need to do photography or
video and a studio setting I am so
pumped and there are so many good good
amazing opportunities that can come from
this situation can't wait no guys it's a
conehead zombie from the game plants vs.
zombies please don't eat me yeah
disgusting look who's driving look who's
driving you guys are probably I seen a
lot of comments lately everyone's
curious why don't you drive your wife
because Veronica gets carsick like worse
than any other human in the history of
humans
she gets carsick pretty bad so by the
time we get home she's gonna be chicken
okay
good morning gladiators I want to
welcome you to another day in my life
wait let's try again good morning
everybody say good morning Carson
they're having their cereal on this very
cloudy rainy dreary Saturday morning I'm
getting ready to head to Cincinnati to
possibly disrupt someone's wedding make
sure you record the boys football game
if they have it okay okay please do I
look nice pace just left I am going to
get started
my cousin is on her way we are gonna do
more with the pallets I posted a picture
on Instagram and Twitter when we were
taking the pallets apart so we're gonna
do more projects with that today we're
gonna sand them down and paint them
painted them all one color and then we
did the detail I didn't have any
stencils so we free handed it I think it
came out great
I went more Halloween route with mine
there's a little candy :
candy corn oh hey it's cute
my cousin did this one get your head on
turn around here
dude turn around uh so we're ready for
football bundled up okay we say good
game off there boys oh wow do you have
fun yeah yeah they played a very good
game but let me tell you is freezing I
don't absolute frozen like my job all
quit chattering I can't even hardly talk
it's on like 46 degrees outside
oh my gosh we're actually gonna go to
chase his parents house the boys and I
finished chases little sister's birthday
Amanda I'm go for aunt Amanda's birthday
we might make it in time for cake and
ice cream still
happy birthday to you we didn't stay
very long
boys are Crashdown so we run away back
home now hopefully chase should be there
when we get there I missed him all day
look I found hey I got along about 15
minutes ago where you been you know for
your sister's birthday that's great I'm
glad that someone on my behalf to be
there cuz I had to make some money okay
for real alright so here we are morning
after I didn't feel like vlogging once I
got home last night I got a super awful
migraine on the drive home which really
stinks but I wanted to mention before I
end the video like what I experienced
what I witnessed see happen yesterday as
you know Mike stayed the night with us
that day that we were editing he told me
all about the situation between him and
his sister and his whole family wasn't
invited to his own sister's wedding it
was it was kind of awful we could tell
that Mike was visibly affected I mean he
was affected by it deeply I feel like it
gave me the opportunity to help him and
give him some good advice and basically
he he wanted to destroy his sister's
wedding yesterday and I gave him some
advice and and I told him I was like
what do you want you know what do you
want to have happen here
told me he just wanted to watch his
sister get married so I was like do that
and it turned out so I saw Mike sitting
up here in this chair
super depressed and then the next day he
was so happy when I left last night he
was so happy because he got to go see
his sister get married and then he was
invited to the reception afterwards it
was it was pretty cool today we're gonna
go to the pumpkin patch and we're gonna
have foam for kids I'm gonna go up to
the Apple store later it's gonna be a
fun day so that's all we got for you
today thank you so much for coming with
me and I can't wait to see right back
now come on
