hmm coffee coffee coffee you know I
can't go deal without my coffee
wait wait wait I started yesterday like
this is deja vu that that's familiar -
it's all making my coffee and heading to
Cincinnati to film or prank videos with
Mike and today should be pretty good
we're gonna be messing with uber drivers
it's always a good idea let me remind
you it's always a very good idea when
you're travelling long distances to
check your oil before you go I was just
I was just thinking to myself I should
check my oil and I seriously had zero
oil on the dipstick
now I had to fill it up this guy this
Honda has over two hundred and
sixty-three thousand miles on it
first stop had to get some gas take a
little coffee boo break you hurry up and
get there and we made it that's it I'll
tell you what it's such a pretty drive
right now because all the trees callers
are changing it's not just green anymore
it's yellow orange and red
coming up I'm ready for this again
what are you doing
keep it clean undo this like 20 minutes
really look great dude how are you good
I think it's about time we interview
Mike Mike I have a couple questions for
you how many dates have you gone on in
the month of October
does a date is that consider a girl that
just doesn't have any other guys that
she's a girl
did you drop and eat food in the company
of a female actually liked it yeah I
took my first real and that took the
girl that I used to love with out of two
dates and both of them in her mind we're
not beans so that's three dates the only
one of them one was that a date my mind
was in the date in the girl's mind and
the other two were dates of my London
okay so that's zero is my next question
why is there a bike in your dining room
really lies in the living room my place
long story short we're basically sitting
here wondering why this actress he's got
coming is gonna bail I'm in the process
of hooking up the pull through pull
through right the pull through it will
come through cuz I need is gonna pull it
through there's trying to find out words
coming from oh yeah exactly
we got release forms printing so just in
case we get reactions from people good
reactions usable reactions we have
releases on them because if you don't
have releases from a reaction they could
potentially pull your video and that's
not good
got it yourself that's bad news so it's
gonna be the most epic scare an uber
driver has ever experienced he's gonna
be faced with the decision he's either
gonna help help my boy Mike here or he's
gonna drive away this is really no joke
oh did you paste a rug on your nose why
is awesome dude that's all right let's
go we need to get this done finally I
think we're closer to filming what time
is it 5:00 o'clock almost knock it out
for 18 you better get moving - dude dude
what time's our actors coming I don't
know five o'clock six in Ohio I've never
seen lizards before
we'll see if I can catch this guy right
over here on the ground that guy
freaking lizard let's go we stopped at
Starbucks to get some refreshments cafe
van Dyle crappuccino check out this
fruit bar guy
well that's it and it's seriously just
fruit
smooshed together
blueberries 20 blueberries in one Apple
in this fruit bar
it seriously it's like all dried fruit
look a rabbit
alright so our break at Starbucks is
over we're getting ready to start
filming amber just showed up this is
Amber
she's one of our actresses for today
myk's myk's gotten a hold of some
actresses finally you got a real
production just yeah ooh Brad yeah so
we're getting ready to call our first
uber I'm gonna go get into place and
we're gonna start filming our first clip
dude she rocked it I think I found my
new partners right here this she sold
the whole thing she's in the back of the
car going go go what the hell are you
doing what's really cool is all the gas
station attendants are us are down with
them they're happier that we're actually
from in this moment they have fun this
gas station right here has given us
permission to film at this location
which is awesome because it would be
really difficult to get a bunch of
different locations to agree to let us
do this
so definitely part one of this difficult
video is
so we just got done with two epic
reactions for this video unfortunately
we're not completely done with it so I'm
not gonna be able to show you or tell
you exactly all of the details but trust
me in due time you'll see this video and
it's gonna be awesome awesome hambar you
rock
this girl's super awesome she's a great
actress Mike you didn't eat you did
surprisingly well to know you did good
man
her job was to keep the driver from you
from either beating Mike shooting him or
calling the cops and the funnies as we
drove by the driver again yeah
he's still inside so I think me and Mike
are gonna go back since this video is
pretty much foiled for now me and Mike
are gonna go back to my house and finish
editing the video that we shot a couple
weeks ago what do you think dude we're
home this is my house you know I I like
this place yeah he wanted to see this
room so clean up with some bears sure
you've seen my my favorite part of
morning dude we had such a rough night
editing we seriously sat down here and
got so much stuff done when you're with
me you get I make shit happen shit gets
done that that's right I can 40% concur
needless to say we're in the next day
I've already got showered and dressed
and ready and we're gonna finish editing
this Mike's sister's getting married
today so or tomorrow I love you
we can't wait to your wedding real pulp
for ya can't wait to the reverse you're
gonna get crunk ain't you hey so I'm
like trying to details the day or day
before this is so weird to have Mike
here in my house Mike this this is
Mike's first visit to my house we're
gonna finish out this video now and get
back to editing so I guess I'll see you
guys right back here tomorrow
