another day another $5 at work I just
got off at the rope Factory I'm doing
some work with the Atwoods
as I've explained in the past couple
videos but now on my way back home to
catch up with Veronica and the boys she
texted me earlier and said that they
both weren't feeling very good they came
right home from school I fell asleep on
the couch so I don't know how well
that's gonna go over for football today
but see what happens
what are you doing
now sometimes pregnant women go through
a phase called nestea where they have to
clean you have this psychical
psychological issue where they have to
clean everything before the baby gets
here
our baby isn't due any time
but as you can tell
mmm-hmm look at this roomful sleepy
people what you guys doing taking naps
in the middle of the afternoon
look you slobber on the chair dude you
slobbered is everyone feeling okay how
are you feeling mr. fluffy huh what'd
you do to them
this baby thing we don't need a baby
thing the diaper thing jeez Louise look
at this contraption it's a frigging baby
diaper disposal box for your diapers
smelling diapers
diaper genie that's it soon we're gonna
be inundated with stinky poopy diapers
Veronica's making me a list I have to go
to the grocery store because we're
running out of food rapidly so Veronica
has to make me a list whenever I go to
the store otherwise as soon as I hit the
door I'm just like zombie I don't know I
forget what I came for
and I just have to go through everything
I know funny right but mommy's out here
cleaning she's going crazy she's going
crazy on this stuff
that's all trash me and Carson are gone
to the store Colin doesn't want to go
cuz he he doesn't feel good for babies
no holding hands for kids who love their
dads yeah
Kruger it is I'm state liquor dared
touch it Frankenstein he looks a holiday
given that everyone the excuse to just
eat ridiculous amounts of sugar and
candy right my desk I'll just weep I
can't believe this kid likes dumplings
he wants to get dumpling that's sauce
yeah but you want to get these you like
those
I've never even tried to before ever I
don't even know if they would be good
are you gonna get the big Spock so get
all these perfectly fine little bucks
I can't even fit that my cabinet it's
too big it doesn't fit look at this
flavor blasted goldfish yeah but there's
also white cheddar and there's also
queso Fiesta look at that chicken
gizzards chicken gizzards yeah smell
them
I'm just kidding we don't eat that crap
you're actually a really good help for
me grocery store dude it's getting late
it's like 9:30 already and I the newest
Transformers movie just came out so I
rented that and we're gonna watch it
hopefully I don't think he'll be able to
buddy I'm gonna try and watch that
before bed tonight because tomorrow I'm
going to Cincinnati to do some filming
again huh do you like when I go out of
town to film okay you don't miss me too
much
you tend to be asleep you're so funny
before I left she's like I'm gonna fix
the garage I'm gonna finish the garage
the garage is still right how you like a
disaster yeah we're in the movie
Transformers
not what is it bookie yeah it's just
groceries yeah that's just groceries
dude come on come on little bit heat up
the shells get some hummus action what
you guys like hummus if you do what's
your favorite kind of hummus I like
garlic and spicy hummus
do you like hummus okay well my throat
what now my yeah be good sleep tight
stay in bed
yeah there's Gilroy burnt my chips man
well song Pelican crispy anyways I
thought this should be mentioned the
fact that Veronica was sitting here
watching a movie with Colin while I was
out and she was watching transformers
and I didn't tell her that I was gonna
rent transformers I've been waiting for
it to come out so how odd is that that
we're on the same exact wavelength that
we were both feeling transformers Oh
calm okay
yes it's morning I had my cup of coffee
Veronica's getting ready for work and I
am going to Cincinnati to film another
video with Mike hon sucka
he's a requested that I come down for
just today which is nice and help him
film a video that I think is gonna be
really really really funny and he's
having a lot of trouble editing the
other video that we shot so I'm going to
assume that footage and bring it home
and bang out that video edit it because
that's what I do I'm chase keelaurow
your doing love made last night yep she
had this whole place tore apart trying
to get this garage clean for whatever
reason I don't know she's nesting she's
cleaning crap up getting rid of old
stuff I wish she'd go upstairs and get
rid of all the old laundry that we don't
need you will you promise I'll make it
there I'll help you you you're getting
too pregnant to do anything alright guys
thank you so much for watching I guess
we'll just see you right back here
tomorrow
