good morning guys listen here's here's
the good news
don't don't run the street boys here's
the good news that I was trying to tell
you yesterday my devices are in time to
go to sprint pick up my brand new iPhone
6s the time is now it's time for an
unboxing
gilroys brand new iPhone 6 I'm not gonna
be that I'm not gonna be that d-bag you
dropped the first iPhone how about it No
so this is what we're gonna be testing
with later we're gonna do a little test
people say the iPhones been imma see how
how much it takes to destroy one
completely you want to talk about
positive customer service experience I'm
here with Nick Nick say hi hi he is
seriously doing he's going through the
extra steps necessary to make sure I'm
half customer put it on screen
protectors for me we found that when I
opened up my iPhone there was a little
bit of cosmetic damage on the underneath
of the phone so he's setting me up with
a brand new one we just have to wait for
it to come in obviously but listen
sprint if you're watching this guy right
here
top notch I give them a plus plus it's
but I just admire oh you did sorry is
that awesome not whether I want you to
hold your old phone and your new phone
side-by-side this is ridiculous
yeah that's definitely different huh
iPhone 6 that's pretty cool phone
actually that's pretty cool boom we just
went through the tedious process of
setting up our iPhones the boys have a
football game today so we're gonna go
now to football are you pumped dude mmm
are you pumped yes all right that's what
I'm talking about go there twice yep
mouth guards are in here actually
PJ came to check out boys playing
football dude you guys better a you guys
better impress PJ okay he's watching one
thing I won't see you guys get a flag at
least one flag today can you do that
Carson well yeah you get a flag I'll
take you to Haman what was your goal of
the day to only go home with one black
on it today
hey I'll make you a deal if you get a
flag I'll give you 50 bucks 50 bucks how
about that you never had 50 bucks before
that's a lot of money you could buy a
brand new Xbox game with that pretty
much all brand new toy just do it
I'm the offers on the table you want you
want 50 bucks get a flag came a little
early for the game I guess the boys are
doing jungle gym
let's see it get these monkey bars like
a boss you got it nice good job here
hang upside down let go with your arms
do it yeah yeah Collins upside down hold
his legs PJ
from crashing yeah dude good job yeah
hang upside down I'll try okay let's try
the other hand
hey now walk your legs up welcome no not
that one keep going you got to get to
this one yeah hold on strong you got it
all right now you can just let go oh
yeah Carson give me a thumbs up wait
that look like a thumbs down
haha good job good job
high five super awesome dude you're a
monkey that's the that's a peewee
football pregame workout apparently
today's game was not at 3:30 but instead
5:30 so we were really really really
early for the game but just so happens
there's a little festival happening here
in town so we're gonna go check it out
that's cute little
it's just boots and selling stuff in
food there's a couple little rides up
there but that's it boys are gonna get
in on some merry-go-round action oh yeah
hold on tight keep your legs and hand
inside the vehicle at all times
Carson do what that guys doing hold on
tight
nothing
okay
Oh
check out this little gym would you look
at that that's awesome
hold on
our lone away
Wow everybody
dr. Han
this is the inside of a uh-1b helicopter
cute great loan in Vietnam this action
welcomes cloning Vietnam whoa check this
out what do you acted oh I tried to fly
it just a minute ago but she wouldn't
start for be all right look at your
belly upset a little too much
merry-go-round action Suneetha
stand up let's go sit in the shade
so we got a whole round crap
we look over and Collin sitting on this
merry-go-round just up against the bar
just like oh and he's looking like he's
gonna puke yeah what are you gonna get a
blue puppy oh yeah animal balloon animal
a blue puppy
Matt Matt from pro twister calm here
they've a face festival making awesome
balloon animal dude I've never seen
anyone make animals waited no you're
good
no he's good
you should be a dancer I do I could get
a nice perfect
there you go deep there's fun ones I
guess that's awesome thanks man
look at that that's so cool we had a
brute sup blue puppy just like you
wanted always successfully killed enough
time here at the festival so we're gonna
hop over to the game and we're gonna
watch some boys play some football yeah
football bra room do national anthem and
Venice
carpet ways off
get a giver
Oh
get a slide
I mean blocker
please I quit the job Carson
look who did you just see yeah we took a
timeout for a few just to kind of you
know hang out and relax
Carson play games perhaps now the bed
down so I went to the doctor yesterday
and it's a doctor I got I got a problem
I said I can't seem to get my final
clips for the day in the same day he
goes chase I hate to tell you this but
you you have a common problem known as
YouTube or final clip ëitís and don't
worry everything should clear up in just
a few days I'll prescribe you some pills
in and you're going to be just fine you
know I feel better about that needless
to say that's the end of today's video I
want you to tune in tomorrow because I'm
going to really put my iphone 6 to the
ultimate test
so that's all I got for you today I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
