you ready for church ready for church
Easter Sunday at HCC the morning will
feature a sunrise service outside by the
crosses and 7:00 a.m. we're done with
church did everyone have a great Sunday
once bubbles clearly and I bet you're
probably asking yourself Gill where you
been the past couple days about that
time I got this just this air compressor
for Christmas and I still haven't even
taking it out of the package yet I'm
gonna need it for what I'm building
today but on to the explanation which is
why Gill why did you disappear over the
weekend what happened to accepting
challenges and you know owning it which
I feel I did I I saw this opportunity to
spend some incredible quality time with
my kids and bond with them while
veronica was away and and I did that and
also there's been a fair amount of like
soul-searching happening over the past
couple days as you know the the current
status of YouTube is changing and with
the advocaat and stuff like that you
know it's it's making things really
tough you know I've been really blessed
and
I'm super grateful to be able to make my
living creating these videos for the
internet for you and it definitely still
is and always will be a passion mine to
create videos but imagine for one second
you work at a fast food joint and all of
a sudden the manager said you're gonna
come to work every day as you have and
from now on you're only gonna make less
than half of what you used to make
before you can imagine hearing that news
you probably will be like well what the
heck so for me the conflict is you know
figuring out what to do
I love vlogging and I love sharing my
life with you guys and I love creating
videos I love all of that something that
you know from the start has become one
of the biggest passions in my life aside
from my family my wife you know my
personal relationships with my friends
it's just been a real blessing to share
this journey with you guys and I think
every single one of you so much for
being a part of that like whether you
realize it or not you're a giant part of
what we have created here moving forward
we we will have to until the situation
on YouTube resolves we're gonna have to
like do crazier things or maybe even go
take some more side jobs aside from
vlogging I still do a lot of freelance
work and that does keep me busy
I know lately somebody called me lazy
and I I couldn't help but laugh because
as a husband a father of three a
youtuber content creator and freelance
you know creator I'm anything but that I
don't know what I'm trying to say or
what exactly I want to accomplish by
telling you that but I just wanted to
let you know that you know the YouTube
landscape is changing and we've got to
change with it or else you know we'll
just fall by the wayside it's just
feeling really tough lately and I feel
like you guys can obviously feel that
and I want to be transparent with you
but you know today I wanted to share
something fun with you guys
we're gonna create something very cool
you know I created that potato launcher
and I have another one that we're making
today it's going to be awesome I have to
put the fittings on my own coil here
which is fine I know perfectly well how
to do that but yeah I don't want to turn
this into a you know this isn't a pity
party everyone have pity on me everyone
deals with their own demons but uh you
know for awhile I've kind of been in a
weird place like creatively I like I
said I love doing the vlogs but I'm
hungry for for more stuff like the
videos that I produced at the beach with
the drone footage and the scenery stuff
like that that's something that I really
really love like filming amazing looking
stuff and when it comes down to like the
grand scheme of things I'm interested in
starting my own production business
where I create for other people who
can't do it themselves so like I want to
start creating more polished content for
instance the reviews so it may turn into
you know I will have to put more time
into producing those videos than the
vlogs so I've actually tossed around the
idea in my head do we blog every other
day for a while until we can create and
establish something or catch up on some
things that we need to catch up on oh no
I'd like to hear your feedback on - the
reason why I need this stuff right now
the last potato launcher we made was
fueled as I said by hairspray which is a
compostable and it guns everything up so
there is an option to create a potato
launcher with using pneumatics and that
is air so but in order to trigger it I
didn't want to use the like a flapper
valve or anything like that we're
getting super techy with this I've got
here this is a sprinkler
solenoid valve right so there's a
certain direction that the flow happens
and it happens because of an electric
electronic solenoid which is just a
plunger that goes up and down I have
this little switch here right this is
called a momentary switch it only it
only like it only triggers the circuit
when it's pressed so when we touch it to
this and we press the button you can
hear it so this will be our I guess this
will be our trigger for our potato
launcher now that we know it works I
needed to figure out a way to kind of
like pack all this stuff in a container
so that I could you know utilize it and
I figured the best way it would be an
Altoids container but we still have to
have room in here for our switches to
live but I don't know if this is gonna
be quite big enough and I'm over here
working on all this while the kids are
playing with magic fan what is that
kinetic fan connects have you ever seen
this stuff it's awesome it's like I
don't even know how to explain it's like
sand that doesn't stick to you it's
crazy you can build stuff with it and
dry singing I know I like I like holding
it and your fingers and then just
letting you pick it up Liza you're the
one who put it on the floor big girl my
drill is lost somewhere it's gone and I
need to drill three holes in this box
and my corner my elbows that I need are
threaded on one side and I need them to
be slip joints and the lies has taken a
nap so I can't really run run and get
the pieces I need so I'm gonna do
another thing that I've been waiting to
do all winter long
Oh little much that's an accident that's
right it's warm enough to mall where's
the
look I totally didn't take the pool pump
in this year and and well it looks like
it's popped its top we'll have to wait
and see if that's still gonna work but
dang alright
say it feels really really good to be
able to mow the grass again like hi
cutie you go say ninja yeah oh so what
did we do all weekend well Friday I'm
sure as you saw among other things we
wouldn't hung out with Roman and Brit
checked out their new telescope super
rad Saturday we went and visited my
brother because his daughter and their
son are having birthdays this week and
they'll be going to Great Wolf Lodge so
we went to hang out and spend the day
with them I think it was Friday the
imagine dragons video that I've been
working on had to be submitted so I
spent a fair part of the day making sure
that everything was perfect on the
twelve they'll pick 25 finalists if I
become a finalist when I become a
finalists I'll have links to show you
the video and then you can go and
actually vote on it so it would be very
cool of all of you guys if you would go
to the link once I become a finalist and
vote for me because there is a grand
prize for fan favorites and if we win
both the grand prize and a fan favourite
I'm given the fan favorite money to you
guys I don't know how yet maybe a
giveaway or multiple giveaways or
something but yeah it's gonna be cool so
keep your eye out dinner's done and the
kids are enjoying some final trampoline
minutes why the come here you're so
mouth
okay whoa dude
crazy boy I'm watching whoa you fall
like a champion it's straight of all of
it
tell everyone say night we love you oh
you're so sweet this is so cool I'm
pretty pretty proud of myself to pull
this thing off but it's just a simple
circuit and I can't really move forward
with it until I get the glue and like I
said earlier I couldn't get away had too
much going on and that's like part of
the trouble with this weekend was
there's just so much to do to stay on
top of by myself I just was like man
it's not worth it for me to stress
myself over over everything just you
know take a little slice off the vlog
it's gonna be fine and spend some
quality time with the kids and we had
some fun man last night we stayed up and
watched rogue one Star Wars and had ice
cream and it was cool to kind of just
chill and have fun with the boys and
just be a family as vloggers it's very
I've said this before it's very hard to
like know when to just leave the camera
alone and experience life rather than
film it but this weekend was for me and
my kids it was good it was well spent so
I will keep you updated tomorrow we'll
be right back on this I'm gonna go early
morning I'm gonna get everything that I
need to finish this and we're gonna
build something epic and I'm gonna show
you the reason why I wanted to build it
hopefully it turns out well all right so
that my friends is where I'm gonna leave
you for today from here in the garage
thank you so much for watching and I
can't wait to see you right back here
