what up guys good morning I just got
back from work the kids are here with
Grandma
hey it's Friday they get to play games a
little bit on Fridays if they're good
through the week and I think they were
how old school good all right high five
welcome to the weekend baby here's
what's gonna happen
I had to work today and I came home and
got everything nice and cleaned up so
that I can wake up tomorrow and have
breakfast in a nice clean kitchen but
that's not that's not why I'm talking do
good guys over here right now PJ and we
got Seth and his kids tonight is all
about gaming okay we're gonna put this
Elgato to good use I think I got my
inner can internet connection all
figured out and even if I have to I'm
gonna use an Ethernet wired connection
so we're doing this we're gaming you
guys ready to game PJ ready to call of
duty yeah not really good at it but
still he's going to participate yeah
look at this before we get started I'm
ordering pizza right and I was telling
Seth about this video this iphone6 been
past video this dude's got 36 million
views in like two days
two days I thought to myself man I need
to make myself an iPhone Ben test and
what are my thoughts on the iPhone 6
bending
I'm definitely disappointed I'm not
gonna get an iPhone six-plus regardless
because that's one of the things I like
about the iPhone is that they're compact
you know what I mean
but I'm definitely a little weary this
time definitely a little weary mommy
just got home hey thanks all freaking
yellow keep this camera sometimes
alright here's the deal
ordered pizza hey check it out it's
Friday so I'm ordering pizza we're about
to game the kids are done you guys are
done playing you guys gonna go upstairs
and play of toys please no I let them
play I let them play for a few hours
yeah they played for a long time I
covered all the bases
food is on the way what up dude good oh
yeah this is my favorite right here
chicken Marriot you know sack rate what
let's play some games boys you is up
alright ladies and gentlemen chase
Gilroy behind the sticks
I am played I played this real long to
be honest no no it's got way more uh
laser honor what the hell it for today
Hannah has a laser on it he's got a
laser this gun has a laser on it the
front of it it's like a freaking sharp
of freakin laser beam on his head
Hornish I got oh dang it I tend to run
first and then shoot I get you ahh
Oh Oh God Oh he cheated on this check
and level Oh feet Oh what's the nice
button I'm shooting right now shit right
we saw him come to Train
now I'm on the second level tell me I
need what other way there's two ways
upper YouTubed you freaked me out man
you freaked me out
don't kill my guys saved him dude I just
saved you whether you realize it or not
ah I save you again oh you got a dog
with you what's that mean
oh crap Oh DJ why oh-ho you guard dog
first left on a deep end dude oh that's
it PJ you are hereby grounded your hair
you don't frickin touch my controller
when I'm in the middle of a war don't
you dare oh oh oh oh there we go
rpj Wozzeck Team Deathmatch put the
punished down oh my gosh briefcase
briefcase everything good okay yeah you
decided that we should play the game
fullscreen because maybe two screens is
hard to see on like an iPhone if you
watch these videos on iPhone who got a
juggernaut does that mean you can't die
or you can die it just takes a lot
longer
oh no I mean yeah oh my good night dude
you can come over and play anytime you
want my gamer score will just keep oh no
down down
damnit he got me for last Gilligan was
on a roll oh man
good job PJ appreciate it hey your
mission was a defeat but mine was
success hey I was 17 1714
dude that was fun we've been playing for
a little while now and I think we caught
up PJ's PJs I think PJ's better than me
all right seriously I think you're
better than me yeah I don't know how I
should feel about it I'd be upset but
that's just me shit yeah no yeah I do
peace out bye have a good night
drive safe hey Coleman well that was fun
we had a good time playing video games
and I think we actually figured out that
my wireless is not working properly so
I'm gonna have to wrestle the time
warner cable and get that figured out
today right now I just got an email from
a little store that says my device is
available for pickup so we're gonna go
get something exciting tomorrow today
today that's about all I got for you
guys today thanks so much for watching I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
you
