good morning everybody welcome to
another day of my life today I'm going
to work with Dale at the Rope factory
we're doing images and stuff like that
for his website well that'll keep me
busy for the big part of today and I'm
not sure if we have any plans tonight I
want to try and make a football boot
camp video with the boys just to try and
get them you know some one-on-one time
practice with football get the corn
everything's changing man the season is
changing
here comes fall this is what it's like
around here when it's pin time as soon
as five o'clock rolls around everybody
who works in this building runs to their
car and get the heck out of here that's
me today too
the boys are gonna in the boys and I are
gonna start really getting serious on
this football stuff because I want them
to be proud okay so I'm getting them
cones and whistles for home so that we
can work on their plays and trying to
get them to get flags and all this other
stuff cuz I want them to succeed we're
gonna see if we can't make football
players out of these boys I'm gonna go
home I got these cones we're gonna do
little boot camp football practice with
the boys I'm gonna feel powerful I got
that whistle show me I wanna see that
again
boys hey
look show me your maternity pants again
please sir my maternity pants no the
upper part don't they look good they
look fantastic but do the lava burn
Maternity if you don't have this and
they're all down here they just keep
sagging way up and they're comfortable I
think you're beautiful
you who farted
well let's teach these boys some
football it's time for boot camp you
guys meet football codes whistle Wow
we'll have to pretend that's the only
thing I'm gonna get all right hey let's
go run some drills let's go oh don't be
scared of it you ain't ready all the way
through Nina's yard around the front all
the way right back you'll end up right
back here okay hey Freddie wait for the
whistle
oh wait for the whistle ready Freddie
yeah what was that Mario that was Mario
move you're really doing it Harry come
on come on
good job good job
who's got the whistle who should be
talking
very good you're gonna do is I'm gonna
be the quarterback okay call them we're
gonna do a pat we're gonna do it running
okay so you're gonna be back here
those are your man that are blocking the
other team blockers so what you want to
do is you want to run this way past all
your blockers you got grab the ball now
run run run
calling you should be up blocking
I would have gone
when was it he was looking at his
receiver not trying to block
my doctor plan
and the concept more I don't think they
was ever taught the concept in the
placement in the positions and all that
they're just like here you be here and
do this so they don't see the overall
picture the overall picture but you know
I think it's time for dinner what do you
think I should probably go start dinner
wait pizza no there's ham in the oven
I'm just gonna make the stuff to go with
it do you want to stay out here and play
some tackle football with them yeah I'm
gonna definitely tackle them yeah you
better run
how'd you have fun the football yeah
yeah now we're getting ready for dinner
dinner it's dinner time look at this
it's a ham okay I like it
you made what they said to me we think
hams ready
good it's uh it's pretty good yeah right
ham gravy everybody how'd you do that
you just take the juices that come off
the ham before you glaze it if you have
a glaze to go over your ham you want the
juices before you place it is that real
for real and then you put it in a
separate pan and bring it to a boil add
just as much milk roughly didn't measure
then about three tablespoons of flour
and keep whisking it and it'll start
thickening up if you get it too thick
add some extra milk like we had to do
yeah yeah yeah it's actually really good
don't go don't go too crazy on the salt
though because hey Marcus insult ya
strict blogging Olympics 2017 look out
it's dark
oh no it's better it's better come walk
in and you're gonna be able to what stim
falls better than that all right so it's
deja vu we're back again trying to play
this destiny game because we will have
we want to give it a good a good solid
running chance so I gotta set up this
for computer we're gonna record it and
it's gonna be freaking la dee da
surrender we go let's get well I'm
really you are
alright where's everybody Oh Oh what all
right got him got him
hi here we go holy how did you do that
Oh like a double jump yes
whoa wow that's not fair that's not fair
how do you get those big guns dang it Oh
here we go
you've gotta be kidding me and I've done
it again that's the wonderful thing
about my channel and what I do is
because I I pretty much do whatever I
want and I know you guys love me for
that so I'm gonna wake up for my shower
yeah
and start my day fresh I don't know what
we're gonna do today but I know I gotta
finish up a little bit of work so it'll
be later so I catch up with you but
that's why my channel is awesome right
thanks so much for watching guys I can't
wait to see you right back in the yeah
