good afternoon guys how are you today
listen I want you to you're gonna be
happy to know that I have time warner
cable at my house right now waiting for
me to figure out what's going on with my
internet i can't wait to get that taken
care of and tell you that make time
water just left he checked out all my
stuff and he goes you should be fine you
have everything set up like you should
but that doesn't help me that doesn't
help my situation because nothing
changed they didn't change any settings
he didn't change any equipment so like
if i if i continue to have an issue i
don't have a choice time warner cable's
the only internet provider that i can
use most
you know the last time we made that
roast people said that that's not a
roast it's not a roast but where's the
package because it clearly says roast on
we are gonna eat dinner and then i'm
gonna take the boys to football practice
and I might have a word with the coach
I'm not happy with the coach I'm happy
with them I feel like he's being a
little bit too aggressive with my child
coach Gary just like grab my own Jimmy
yeah and it made me a made you cry
you're out there crying on the field not
cool not cool not cool
put your kitty down we gotta go play
football let's be a man be a man about
it
come on football you ready
there's no awesome Carson is he's gonna
play football with a black eye look at
your eyes top
all right gladiators are you ready to
watch these boys play some football
let's do this
well that was fun it was a short
practice because there's some sort of
meeting in the sports of assembly place
sports I don't know there's some meeting
mommy's getting some Z's oh very lucky
hold up hey what's up man
PJ just shut up play some games with me
we're gonna try out that new destiny
game tonight and for now I'm gonna put
my little points to bed
we got school tomorrow so we got the new
destiny game Jack Jack
we got the Elgato Game Capture chick
we got a mother controller charge up
here we go chick all right let's do this
mm-hmm we've been trying to play this
game for over an hour and my internet
connection keeps kicking off so it won't
let us play this game this game requires
an internet connection
thank you broken probably did talk all
that crap about it oh go ma get to play
it for a minute but it reminds me of
halo dude Bungie did halo hey what's the
best game on the planet I used to play
halo so much hey tall dude oh look
Thrones back there's food
can sleep I got the sign well this we
can't get this stupid game to work in
the morning guys I got so I got so
disappointed by this game last night
that I just went to bed I didn't want to
do anything else I went straight to bed
now we're drinking coffee and petting
the cat and getting the kids ready for
school and then I'm getting ready for
work I don't know if I mentioned
yesterday but I'm going to I'm doing
some more work with the Atwoods at the
atwood rope company for their website so
i'm doing photos and a couple like test
videos strength test videos for their
rope so that's what i'm doing today and
probably tomorrow too so um we're gonna
get our day started so the next time you
see me I'll be on my way to work so you
go hey you guys want to help me in the
lawn oh yeah at work sit right here
alright guys so that's all I got for you
today thank you so much for watching and
I can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow tomorrow
