good morning you're beautiful I'm just
messing around good morning guys welcome
back to another day in my life we're
getting ready to check out days in my
bag pack we made a little fake tit body
out of the sheets one more day here we
go oh look at him I don't think I've
ever seen anyone more excited PJ's like
yeah we're gonna go film but then he was
like bangles we figured out last night
at dinner that we have to change things
up a little visual to make a better
video and Mike's all excited ropes then
we're going to knock out this banger
today all right here we go got the
camera about to get in the box 10
minutes before our subject shows up and
so now I got to go around and hide all
these cameras again let's get this done
we just finished with the last reaction
for this video the guy that came in and
we did a super awesome reveal to him and
got his genuine input on how he felt
about being inside of Mike's house so I
can't wait till you guys see this video
hopefully it turns out well fortunately
I won't be the one editing it if I did I
think it would be really cool you know
just in 200 minutes left I started at
two hours ago and it still has 200
minutes so that's what I'm working with
the internet here isn't very good at all
sure it's not I'm telling you this is
from being my house is what I just blew
out of my nose nah that's grown in my
house oh that's disgusting you to you
what are we getting done oh yeah job is
literally killing me yeah Tennessee my
good health insurance I asked you to get
it at this point I'm not kidding i said
go home and recover recover three days
David what uh how's a game dude
wonderful right yeah oh nice what
awesome Oh 33 7 30 37 on I'll believe
first Bengals game yeah tell you dude
wonderful man today at all pre-show
matter I don't have to put a lot of
beaver here there's no just go ahead and
schedule with you from when you're back
there now I'm Joey the worse okay oh
yeah it'll be dog yeah are you today it
is you ready another realtor come in
within the next 10-15 minutes I'm about
to hide back under this box and I guess
we'll try the uber video some other day
what what do you have to say do you want
to go to the bay maybe we'll lay in some
hey take this to the next level for a
say to the
listen uh I see anything neither hi
please more i got my soul ready go good
long you need from this stupid to go
nigga funny oh yeah not yet didn't feel
like here we go just too much freshman
go Ashley was a sec Oh go go my friends
think that my house is disgusting and
refused even going but I think they're
crazy and today I'm gonna have a couple
of friends over to check it out come
back go again my friends think that my
house is crazy but I feel I was here the
second realtor for today the second
person who's supposed to come bail they
bailed on us Mike sketch them out Eric
hard PJ wants to say thank you for the
Bengals game dude say thank you it was a
great day yeah great entertainment hey
man let her that it was great deal he'll
probably never forget that actually no
not a chance you say with the tailgate
one first bands tailgating had some
beers i'm just talking to girls you
better be there good job dude and we
might i'm going home to see my wife and
kids high five i really appreciated you
did told you i was watching that video
eyesight 19 even though i did horrible
fall dead I swear I'm not even joking
like I'm so happy just watch
philmont nice compared to age you've no
idea i'm not paying him set up i know i
was i was in heaven the fun gotta go hey
hey thank you sir say by the gladiators
I'm passing by this walmart and it just
popped in my head dude stop that Walmart
and get your wife some flowers and when
you get home tell her how much you love
her and you love your your life and your
family and just be thankful so that's
exactly what I'm going to do the
selection is are very good about these
ones
these are coming cool right I think
maybe we need a fault i plot because it
is fall yeah that's a good that's a
better angle it's fall
we survived PJ I'm dropping PJ off at
his place tell me good overall what's
what's the work experience yeah it was
an adventure and an experience Hey look
at it this way you came with me had an
opportunity to learn a bit about what I
do that I do which we learn about that
all right oh yeah yeah you made a little
bit of money can't complain there and we
got to stay in hotel room and just kick
it and chill like like boys yeah so did
you have a good time oh of course mine
of course appreciate the offer to come
along yeah never turn that down well
dude thanks so much for your help on a
roll I can't wait to see you right back
here oh hi honey I brought you some
flowers misty mmm
I can't explain how good is you know
Jesus ha I don't get oh look at that my
battery's flashing how appropriate so I
guess that must mean it's time for me to
cut this blog off so I can spend some
time with this lovely lady we'll catch
up with her tomorrow ok everyone will
catch up as hard tomorrow but for right
now it's my turn I guess that does it
for us today we had an awesome time
filming in Cincinnati for the most part
and it's done it's over so make sure to
post a link to that video when when it's
up and and yeah so thanks so much for
watching I can't wait to see you right
back here tomorrow
you
