ha ha ha tickle-tickle by a wonderful
man loved me and woke up that was a
little Dennis Roady action I thought it
was funny and you did exactly like I he
just did that stuff to me when I was in
LA so I had to come to the bank to get
some stuff done look at this look I'll
take the safety glasses that's crazy you
know in my world a good day starts with
coffee so we stopped at this place what
are you gonna warm milk and coffee mmm
she like a smile it's the same way but
you know me up a little bit sugar a
little sugar in my coffee yeah Oh
Whitney here just told me some
incredible this right here is a roaster
they bring in all their own fresh coffee
beans and roast their coffee beans here
in the house so this could possibly be
the best cup of coffee I have ever
tasted
we're back at Mike's place and we're
getting all these cameras like that
where they need for you check out this
one mm-hmm just a little hole cut in
like a towel well it's a blanket but if
you were to come in here dude seriously
I would never ever ever see this camera
and it's you know GoPros super wide
angle so it's gonna capture everything
you need to see which is cool well some
people would prefer not to see this kind
of stuff but I'm trying to debate
whether it should be here or if it
should hang there on that towel rack you
might be right dude oh it's there you're
just gonna get their back if they're
over anything oh that's true but if they
open this door oh it doesn't cover look
at that dude Oh cameras are set up let
me show you what we got here
girls go
and I brought in the big camera
yeah over here yeah okay we're here
this camera here on the floor this
camera here doing this camera here
this camera here we got this camera here
I think that's pretty good coverage
you're gonna have more angles than you
want bro it's 11:36 our first mark is
gonna be here in about 30 minutes
are you ready I can tell you're ready
look at you two days in preparation for
this but if you add one shot it's today
it's now it's here now are you ready oh
yeah let's do this I'm in my box our
mark is supposed to be here any second
PJ's giving the thumbs-up the first set
of people came and it was incredible
actually the the box worked perfectly no
one saw anything
where we at round 2 coming in about
about an hour and a half so we got a
reset charge our GoPros
we got round two coming in about about
an hour and a half so we got a reset
charge our GoPros empty the phone image
all that garbage sitting here trying to
figure out what do we do now to make it
better to make the video better I'm
saying we go get some food right get
some food and recess so our little place
called
art just a little tiny spot with this
really cool like backyard patio that's
like the idea
it's really cool and so this is more my
speed check it out
fish shit bro spinach pizza huh
chicken
and a partner son bacon cheeseburger man
yeah dude look what I've done
Mike is a hairy hairy dude and this
cannot feel nice get it bro
do you want me to do it wait wait let me
do it all right all right ready Mike's
got these crazy scenarios but you gotta
time it out right dude you did timing
out right I'm trying to learn it all I'm
trying to learn all the basics right now
yeah from the pro and I'm not the
problem just was just killer crowd if I
learn from the pro and I'm struggling
he's yelling at me like today we've had
a long day let's just say that and I'm
about to go now back to the hotel and
get some rest because what because why
his we're all sleeping again we're gonna
wake up early hey if you finished the
first one I'll make we'll make a second
deal okay yeah hey shower feel fresh you
got me a fresh bag of Doritos so I'm
gonna sit here and edit PJs probably
gonna watch some TV we're gonna get some
rest and hit tomorrow hard because we're
gonna finish this video and we get to go
home we're gonna get some stuff done and
we will see you right back here tomorrow
