alright guys good morning we're back at
Mike's place to set up filming this
prank that we're doing and I wish I
could hear a gobble I'm trying to do is
have chase help me and teach me and we
can't even do it
listen today's film shoes gonna consist
of this set I'm gonna show you around
the set this is a set two years in the
making
says Mike I've spent two years working
on this video carefully crafting this
environment preparing for this now we're
gonna give you the tour now this is our
set for the video that we're shooting
and this is Mike's houses we're my clips
right so when you come in the front door
this is the living room and this is the
for yay this fish tank
this is the dining room oh look it's a
burrito so we got to keep an element of
surprise here so I can't tell you
exactly why why the house is so messy
but the set has to be this way for the
video and perfect so I mean to continue
the tour I mean you get you got the
kitchen um this is the kitchen Mike how
long did it take you to build this this
mountain you have been working on the
set
literally for you then but this part
week a week - mike has an entertainment
room right like a movie theater room
which is pretty cool when you got your
projector and all that stuff but it's
got a little twist so this is the
upstairs this is room number one Mike's
room and this is the entertainment room
and he projects the screen up here what
uh yeah this is an entertainment room oh
that does dope
that's even doper yeah but I yeah but
get this get this just stay with me for
a second this pile of trash I'm gonna
guess that you're laying on your couch
just watching TV and you eat something
like a chipotle burrito or something and
you just ball up the ball you know ball
up the trash and throw it right there on
the floor and eventually it just builds
up this big massive heap from what we
have here this is correctors this is it
I mean I think your analysis was a
pretty good one based on going on I
slept in here and over here though you
sleep on the couch right why
yes then okay so this is where Mike six
now yeah guest bedroom not too bad not
too bad livable bathroom I wish we had
the blood in here already
see you guys we're playing in the blood
spot for the bathroom I can't believe
you bathroom not destroyed okay
laundry room my boom bada bing laundry
laundry this is this is how you would
like everyone no one does this this is
actually this is a trademark and then I
wonder if I can shoot like this this is
the shit second floor laundry room
no one does it wandering slash walk-in
closet so you hang all your clothes up
here right if you do it
yawns that's pretty sore if you weren't
as lazy as I am you don't even have to
throw your clothes on the floor if you
were smart you put in the hampers
they're empty they're empty your campers
are empty but your floor is full
yeah I'm what they call tired right now
Mike and admit it's basically it's what
you call it's basically a retired person
but without money just tired yeah you're
saying noon
so there's nobody nobody knew the
afternoon at all oh no chicken tender
over a cold on Sunday
I mean wrong for birthdays pretty much
right yeah so might as well we might as
well just not the real curse about my
first Sunday's doing what the bangles
actually twelve let's do twelve yeah I
almost want to say to his that I don't
even wake up at 12:00 actually all right
so we got to go get some we basically
went through this whole house and said
how many camera angles are we gonna need
and Mike's willing to fork up the dough
to buy all these GoPros so we're gonna
have camera angles in every single room
of this house
right GoPro set up there's pretty much
everywhere all of the key rooms that we
want to bring people through to show
them this messy house so we're going now
to Best Buy to buy as many GoPros as
they have PJ's just sitting back like
these boys are crazy which is what it
takes you know 20 takes definitely what
it takes me know right direction
Derek you doing all right back there the
mad scientist behind the camera he's
been online finding all these different
people to call that we can get to come
right and finding Brett best prices
he's doing all the research we got yeah
really
yeah PJ come here here I'll show you
what we're doing live look how beautiful
she is I've just I just freaking love
Best Buy hi I've never worked at Best
Buy I wish I did because I would have
loved my job need to get on there and
register
I've never seen anyone just take off
when that thing goes off dude well good
thing security didn't run after it
are you nude for the best burger you've
ever had in your life serious yes yeah
yeah where is it where's it at
Terry sir Terry's Jeff we're going dude
it's it you'll get a suntan just from
sitting in there oh my god listen it's
dinner time right and we're trying to
figure out where we're gonna go eat and
mike says the best place around for
burgers tears turf
hands down dream Cincinnati you're
Columbia toss one for hot chick hit me
up but if you're not Terry star here's
what I have to say a little less talk a
lot more action let's go yes go look at
this neon
this is where I'm gonna eat burgers from
it looks like a malt mulching shop dude
look at that Wow you ready for us dude
it's neon everything oh that's what you
meant
Wow cool all right here comes the
burgers that looks so good served up on
Shibata good bottom round dude thank you
again you guys anything else
no thank you time to eat kid I'm not
gonna lie that was probably one of the
tastiest burgers I've ever tasted
it's I don't even know how to describe
it it's just so good oh they turned all
the lights off
yes yeah see in the morning it was
delicious delicious later all right
let's go
let's go back to our beautiful hotel
yeah
home sweet home
this is the weirdest little doorway
cubbyhole when you gotta go through to
get up stair we didn't get to film today
because we didn't have all the stuff
lined up like the scheduling to to get
the people that we need to be in the
places we need them to be we have
everything lined up Mike wanted to buy
six GoPro cameras can you believe it
six go prime I mean I'd like to go buy
just one more you guys getting six of
them but anyway I think it's time for us
to just chill relax get some rest and
then hit tomorrow hard because it's
gonna be great it's gonna be awesome so
make sure you guys stay tuned that's all
I got for you today I will catch you
right back here tomorrow
