what's up guys how are you good morning
check out my breakfast this is an
omelette filled with sausage and cheese
basically yeah I'm put my my favorite
Tabasco just get my day started
Veronica's at work the kids are at
school I got a little bit of computer
work to do so hopefully I can get that
done before they get home you know man
hey boys old school yeah
high fives get it I can never catch you
you're so fast
welcome welcome home are you so glad you
get to come home see fluffy hmm Bobby's
cool huh mm-hmm
are you finally happy you got kid be
playful he's playful right now yeah I
know he's trying to play with me
so see what happens what's your puppy
what's my dolly oh good tease them
yeah I slapped you in the face this is a
face slapper
oh that hate it
he like that have game cheese pencils
very first titties always wanted one hmm
Carson's got a kitty you've always
wanted girl now you're gonna have girl
Collins always wanted a dog so you need
to have a dog and then what do I get a
Ferrari now yeah
did dinner in a bag uh-huh believe it or
not these these these little rotisserie
chickens are actually really good and
guess what we got football practice
tonight
you ready yeah yeah here you go oh is
that for me yeah oh she's so sweet
what are you doing hey this is chicken
bone huh
don't be choking on a chicken bone got
no choking on a chicken bone fat is that
good you like that no hey you want to
play fetch after dinner for my finish
early lower head football practice and
hey I think person doesn't want to do it
yes I do
earlier I heard him say that he didn't
want to do it not not anymore
you heard him football practice is
always fun right super fun so we are we
are here so they're about to get their
butts work out
you
yeah
well hey get back to practice give me
five dude you rocked it out there my
dude that's my dude call it you did
pretty good he gives an effort you were
there you didn't see what I saw I feel
so bad for those coaches every five
minutes he's picking one of them up off
the ground and then they gotta yell and
the two that were there three of them
didn't have whistles well so I'm all for
free and not whistle so the poor guys -
they're going blah yelling they're
freaking lungs out it's crazy okay see
but you know aids for effort so we got
I'm a little bit of frosty treats we had
a bowl of chili because it's so freakin
cold out I don't want it to be cold
so the chili will warm me up the
Carson's never had beans be our like
beans in the chili all right and he's
about to try one right now let me see it
mmm-hmm delicious fire away yeah good
countdown three two one mmm chew it up
like it where it ever time give it time
it's like chili it's chili that's beans
people make bean dip out of it and
I passed out and there's no excuse so
I'm into my vlog today no big deal right
that's about all I got for you today
stay tuned tomorrow I will clue you in
on a cool little mini venture that I'm
going on you'll be excited for that
we're gonna go film some videos and yeah
it'll be fun it'll be lots of fun I will
see you right back here tomorrow
