good morning guys welcome back to
another day another beautiful day check
out what I got going on here my
microphone that I got it took a crap so
I got to send it back and I want to send
it back very quickly so that I can get
my refund you know I want my money back
cuz this thing don't work I came to town
just for the purpose of mailing out that
package and I don't really have anything
else to do except for maybe stop by Tim
Hortons and get some coffee so what did
you do this summer that was your
favorite thing and and what did you not
do that you wish you would have my
favorite thing of this summer was
definitely going to la la is such a
beautiful place and I did some really
cool things there that I'll never soon
forget so what was your favorite thing
that you did this summer
I'd love a medium dark roast coffee with
cream and double sugar and that pumpkin
pie donut looks pretty good I'll have to
try that too Veronica calls hey there's
this roast in the fridge who wants to
make roast tonight mashed potatoes to me
a good wholesome meal so I guess I got
to prep this roast for the otech whole
slow cooker crock pot yeah we have this
old crock pot that Veronica's looks like
Veronica's grandma gave her I don't know
if it'll work you know me I I just want
to find out so I'm gonna put that thing
in there anyway and if I mess up
there's always pizza on it hey what's up
he J my buddy PJ showed up everybody PJ
in the house he's gonna help me make
this roast which is really easy all I
have to do is just dump it in there put
some water a little bit of water cousin
carrots man water and then some salt she
said she didn't want potatoes in there
she just wants to meet in there that's
what I said I was like don't you put
potatoes in there like you're chopping
up potatoes kind of roast is that
that'll make any sense well it'll be
good I'm sure there it is one big giant
hunk of meat I guess all I got to do is
salt it well a little bit parable pepper
that red pepper little bit water moon
I'm gonna wash water put a lid on it
I'll go back to doing what I was doing a
friend of mine in the Twitterverse he
sent me an al gato came capture I want
to do a test one so maybe you guys can
join me I'm gonna tweet out right now
that I got a game capture device and
we're gonna meet up on xbox so everyone
that I've added so far I believe I've
added quite a few people on Xbox so
let's play a game tonight you just like
why you got handcuffs in your car dude
yeah what the hell we use these for the
this was for Batali's hitman video that
we did here in Columbus makes sense yeah
he brought these really crappy like
cheap metal ones
they were like flimsy metal ones and
they broke the first the first reaction
we filmed they broke so we had to go and
buy these we actually got these at like
a lion's den heavy duty man heavy dude
yeah actually they had they had fell
down we took them off
what's up dudes
boys how's school
look at this that's awesome man he just
sits right up here huh
that's awesome dude the dog ride Harley
man school so another thing on my list
to do today is to film another tutorial
for my new how-to channel and today I'm
doing importing and managing your media
which I know it seems kind of tedious
but everyone needs to know it you know
what I mean you gotta have you gotta
start somewhere
get a new homework done maybe that's
good homework right there that's good
homework right there look who's home be
nizzle what do you think how's it
looking don't mind me basting it with
the old medicine thing that smells
delicious
about noon lunchtime and told him that
I've kept a roast out last night and had
him put it in our crock pot Oh
making boiled potatoes and green beans
potatoes
well potatoes hayden green beans
you excited hungry yeah you like roast
huh and mommy's a good cook dude I had
so much trouble with that tutorial first
of all my iMac doesn't want to screen
record and run final cut at the same
time just doesn't want to work it shuts
down final cut every time I have to do
the screen capture then on my macbook
but it's not widescreen so I have to I
have to either stretch it to fit you
know a full 720 frame or have two black
bars inside and I don't like black box
you want to say a little something
before we let me do it ready good food
good meat good god let's eat he turns
into straight-up zombie mode when when
they plays games I could be out there
and say Carson you'd be just like this
and then I'd be like Carson I'm gonna be
just like this and then I'd be like hmm
we're getting ready to hook up the
Elgato Game Capture want you guys to go
I'm gonna put it up on the screen right
now his name's Alex this is his Twitter
I want every single one of you to go
smash Alex's Twitter give him a super
huge thanks for loaning me his Elgato
Game Capture me and pj are gonna play
some Call of Duty ghosts right now with
all these fans and we're gonna put it in
the vlog let's test this baby out ready
okay here's the pinched I put on Twitter
that I was gonna play you guys got my
gamertag so I think it's time to rock
come here buddy I'm gonna get you oh I
got you what'd he shoot you through the
window as bad as I was staring at that
guy for at least two minutes before he
shot me he was like he was like yo bro
you're gonna shoot me and then I never
did so he was like alright then I just
shot you in the face I mean the stomach
no nice
my peepee that was fun bro first ever
first ever capture video dude veronika
couldn't handle it she had too much yeah
too much dude the guys were playing with
we're really cool too I need to go to
sleep - I need to get veronika up to bed
see you dude look at this guy he's too
cute this is my fluffy love I guess what
mr. bigglesworth alright guys well that
Val does it for us today we had a lot of
fun playing video games I was really
cool I will see all of you right back
here
