what up guys welcome to today's video
it's looking way different than
yesterday we're back to the pretty
chilly weather and cloudy and area we
might actually see snow tonight but all
that aside we are going to lows because
Scott as you know he's redoing his
countertops and he'll kitchen whole
kitchen and we're here today for
countertops and I am building a part
list our little device that I'm going to
have some fun with this weekend I didn't
really realize the countertop just come
like this unless you're getting like
stone or whatever but check it out it's
just like a particle board I don't know
what do you even call that composite
probably and it's got this laminate on
it check that out this looks like stone
it looks straight up like stone so
you're getting a style like this yeah
that's what's yeah nice you're doing
your countertop I'm totally inspired to
do my countertop because that crap is
red I hate it we painted the living room
if you guys have been watching for a
long time you know we had a red living
room at one point and we painted it that
nice bright yellow but uh I think it's
time to get rid of that red countertop
what do you think look at that kitchen
I'm in love with this thing this is a
really cool sink not standard
I love coming to Lowe's guys you come
into neat departments right and you see
all these different like look at that
they're gonna be my new kitchen for that
that could be my new kitchen or that
what is that dude I actually kind of
like the dark wood how did you whoa look
at the fancy bro mold even stuff yeah
whoo dress your stuff up man look even
eat things I got to put all this out of
my head because I mean we could probably
do countertops this year but I want to
build a deck so bad because you know I
don't start still in good shape they're
in good shape they're ugly as sin
brother you know mine are Nathan change
the deck is a big dream of mine I want
to put it forever since we've lived in
our house we've had that deck first ever
since we lived in our house we had that
sliding glass door out the kitchen and
there's nothing there it's not even
stacked so I want to build a deck out
there this year that's my one goal this
summer to build a deck check this out oh
that's right you're at home get real mad
at your wife here the kitchen just human
like magical Harlem
they need the drawer step
uh yeah so clearly wearing a PVC pipe
section what are you thinking Cameron
later I know that's right
we're building another potato cannon
this one's going to be pretty happy it's
going to be dual purpose modular but we
got to find a sprinkler still annoyed
bowel feeling productive we got out this
morning we I didn't really film what we
did earlier which was going to get brand
new tires actually ordered them from
Amazon first person I've ever known ever
to ordered tires from Amazon there's the
old ones in the back I got some nice big
one meaty one and we went to the same
garage that I got my new tires put on
and just nothing out yeah Sean's cool
god I like he did this stuff yeah her
stuff but uh so yeah we got the kids off
to school I went home I edited the vlog
uploaded it everything's all set to go
and we went out and we got stuff done
raining so
I make a very very pretty car zu8
milking teat it's just about time for
the kids to get out of school what's up
buddy now school okay good don't like on
the Jeep in like the kids I don't even
know where to keep our ha ha ha they're
called we got football not to get maybe
like there she is
Hey
so we go to the grocery right you see in
fact the stuff in the back I I didn't
remember to take the sushi off the top
cat litter and into the corral I heard
God and well this happens yeah that
happened it was all nice and everything
and then all of a sudden boom at least
the carrots are still okay the least of
carrots are fine yeah oh yes rotisserie
chicken mashed potatoes and corn yeah I
see you know yeah you're doing good
let's take them
that's not my potatoes yeah I mean yeah
hold on
whoo like duh I promised them with they
ate all their food it would get we're
filming a clip for Dennis actually asked
me to film a clip for one of his
upcoming videos and I'm trying to teach
I'm trying to teach the boys acting and
what we have to do right now is have the
boys come around the corner like they're
happy but when once they see their
Easter baskets which I don't want to
show you because that's Dennis's bit
they need to be like and then goes but
they just think it's too funny it's not
like they're having a hard time keeping
character is that not the most
satisfying thing in the world
she's digging it hard get it
whoa look at her go oh look at the B bag
and look at Angel and look at Colin and
look at cars look at these guys I
promised them since it was nap they
could play their games after dinner and
after you got homework done all that
stuff so not actually won't take it as
kids are dead to the world right now
when you're in danger that's it that's
all enough feeling good no junior or
hear me oh you heard me you're you're
just a big giant teddy bear you are your
teddy bear all right my friends it is it
is about bedtime for these guys as well
and I think that's where we're going to
probably wrap up today's video now it's
probably a little bit short and we
didn't do everything we exactly wanted
to but the deadline is rapidly
approaching on the imagine dragons
believer make the cut contest entry I'm
trying to finish that thing to night so
I can have some time for peer review
tomorrow and get that thing submitted I
am so confident based on the entries
I've seen so far I have such a very good
a very real chance of winning this and
I'm super pumped about it are you guys
huh you know if we win we get 25 grand
yeah flatfoot whoa
dude are you serious that's a thumbs-up
today's video if you're ready to see us
win that competition I believe in my
heart that I am going to win and even if
I don't it was still fun trying my
friends that's where we're going to
leave you for today from right here at
the Gilroy House just us boys we want to
say thank you so much for watching and
we can't wait to see you right back here
