so here we're heading out to have a bro
day me and Roman and Brittany got
herself a little flat tire or check this
thing out this is serious damage
actually you're saying you hit that you
hit that thing in the road right I don't
think you missed it
I think Ryan can we're doing some Dukes
of Hazzard stuff I don't know you'd have
to really mess up the to do damage like
that look who we got a special guest in
the Jeep
yeah you love the Jeep don't you can and
I love Kate you can tell by the seatbelt
placement that's a parrot whoa you found
the wheel Roman broke it must have been
that third or fourth trip dude Roman
thanks so much again for doing me the
solid of keeping the boys yeah mm-hmm
we're going it's our anniversary right
so we're gonna go out to dinner take
your time I will see you on the other
side well I'll just be careful with my
kids boys be careful with Roman okay he
can be rough rhinos just tell me you
guys let it be known that when you get
pregnant you pretty much feel like you
want to throw up all the time so just
comes with it so make sure you practice
safe sex everybody one of my favorite
places to eat thank you for allowing us
to come here
are you gonna have wonton tacos with me
No
appetizer sampler oh yeah the big things
steak things - the steak towers no
spinach artichoke dip in the you're sure
that was me - its chase Gilroy chase
that's perfect
look you guys it's just me and bronica
on our anniversary date and you guys are
here with us how rare is that a rare are
these people like your star Tamara
Veronica's pearl look at Veronica's
pearls she wore those on our wedding day
it's our anniversary yeah five years I
try to wear many years wonton tacos my
favorite ever look at you
what is them this is spinach artichoke
dip oh it looks more green than usual
the spinach let's eat time to get my
hands dirty check this out
ribs apple abuse has an all you can eat
ribs their cross cross got ribs
yeah and I got smoky Chipotle and a side
of this super spicy nation something
yeah here's chases plate number free
this time you got just the regular honey
barbecue no that's broke up nice and
sweet did you have a little space at all
like yeah a little bit at this point as
well put so much so very BBQ in my mouth
do everything in my five high five
thank you dinner was good dinner was
fantastic actually Applebee's you always
do me right so now we're going to the
mall for what I don't know Veronica I
think these would be super comfortable
you're kidding me right
look at those they look like they belong
online dolls or toys or something they
don't look like you should wear those I
my big toe wouldn't even fit in that
thing really low their fancy sequins
come on V you need some taste look this
is this is hot right here Sanuk even
well that kind of looks like Pocahontas
warrior princess brahmic is getting so
discouraged about her wardrobe it must
be the most difficult thing in the world
to be pregnant
your body just grows in all these weird
different ways
in these store locations that I need
well just so you know I think you're
still amazingly beautiful that's good
you still love me in sweat pants and
sweatshirts yeah that's good yeah as
soon as you have that baby doll we found
the baby section hey we're here we might
as well reef Emilio's ourselves with all
this baby stuff this right here guys you
need one of these this is very important
the baby chair you need that oh my gosh
it's gonna be the same thing
everything's just gonna be pink you know
what I mean what is that does anyone
read fridge prepares the perfect bottle
what here in your formula in here oh
heck no they didn't have that crap when
we had the first two kids you kidding me
that's that's the worst part is putting
all the powder formula in the bottle and
then you shake it or you stir it and
then you make bubbles and then the baby
has gas and then you cries and then you
want to rip your hair out am I wrong
there are they're the titty pump
yes I know that I've seen that before
I'm trying not to find anything you know
what I mean I have an infant
well one here we got this one in here's
she's gonna pop out and just tries to
crap out of me tell you what mm-hmm
we don't get to get away without the
kids very often so dinner tarjay panic
Maternity tank cops of fate
yeah pants yeah and a bellyache she's a
poor thing
she got her food Applebee's and could
only eat just a little bit of it and
then she was like I'm fault my belly
hurts like my stomach hurts before I eat
and then I try to eat sometimes I help
sometimes I just
I'll tell you what I'm sure I'm glad to
be a man come on tell me where I can
find one of those bellies that the man
can wear oh heck no wear it there though
he's so funny
I'd be funny for the plug you have to
admit I'm finding one I am if you're
gonna wear one I want to see you tried
tie your shoes put your underwear on
bend over pick something up you guys
like to see that tell me tell me in the
comments tell me how much you'd like to
see that and if you know where we can
get one of those fat suits or pregnant
to whatever let me know and we'll make
it happen we just got back to Roman's to
get the kids it looks like they're your
Barney let's crash this bitch
apparently coming back to Roman's
boardgame time and we're gonna play this
little game called we throw it out and
that we need them quick that's what yeah
that's what Greg says how many wasn't I
didn't get it three times in a row if
you can play to this card successfully
all players must roll the die the player
or players who roll the highest number
may move ahead to spaces if I make eye
contact with any opponent I must say I
have you now
I guess it's time for me to take my keys
and keep the heck yeah you can't find
shoes I can't find either one of those I
was trying to give you a sneak peek at
how Roman supposes his vlogs hey I got
both my kids dude I'll see you later
all right peace out had fun thanks for
watching sorry we had to wake you up so
late and bring you home but we couldn't
bear to go home without you you know
let's go home alright guys we came home
to see little fluffy little fluffy
menace at the door he's so cute he was
like do you guys love me bud she looks
up at me he goes oh sorry dude it's 2:20
a.m. I'm tired
she's tired this guy's ready to play
yeah we're gonna go to bed
alright guys that's about it for today
thanks so much for watching I can't wait
to see you all right back here tomorrow
