good morning guys
say good morning to fluffy this guy this
guy is actually super super playful I
feel like I'm coming soft to him before
I didn't want any pets well mostly
because we couldn't have any but now
like he if I'm working on my laptop
he'll come and lay on my arm and he'll
just hang out with me
so he's becoming he's becoming my friend
my good my good buddy fluffy and I told
Veronica last night I was like why in
the hell did we name this cat fluffy so
when I have to yell at it I gotta be
like hey fluffy look who I found my two
favorite little dudes we are
hey let me ask you something how much
school today
when pumpkin patch I don't even want to
think about pumpkin patch that means
it's about to be fall that means it's
not gonna be hot anymore wait you mean
you want summer to be over it does have
to climb in there climb in there bub
I don't want summer to be over I really
don't take your ice packs out put them
in the freezer got these guys trained
man they come home they hang up their
book bags they take out their lunchboxes
put their ice packs back in the freezer
where do your shoes go keep trying I
just heard the UPS guy oh yeah I've been
waiting for this package all day to tell
you guys something kind of exciting yeah
yeah how you doing dude been a while
thanks yeah I bet you're wondering what
I got this is exciting because this goes
with a nice little announcement alright
ladies and gentlemen I present to you my
brand new microphone
what do you think this microphone will
be what I use I decided to go ahead and
do tutorials exclusively something new
so the tutorial I did a while ago with
Final Cut Pro I decided that I want to
do a whole bunch business and my
microphone kind of sucks so I thought
let's get serious let's do something new
and use this awesome microphone so you
can hear my beautiful voice teach you
all you need to know about how to use
Final Cut Pro 10 and Photoshop
Illustrator I'm gonna start doing a
bunch of cool tutorial videos to teach
you guys how to do what I do how cool is
that
right high five I think it's safe to say
Colin really likes hearing his sound of
his own voice he's been just in you're
making noises but it definitely sounds
sounds good the only thing that I don't
like is you hear a lot of like
background white noise so I'm looking
through Final Cut to see if there's some
filters that you can use to kind of
eliminate that would be annoying
no it doesn't I like it go ahead don't
so that's pretty dang exciting Gilroy is
gonna start doing tutorials and they're
gonna be on a separate channel so that
way we're not throwing techie type of
videos in your face if you don't want to
watch them you don't have to but if you
do I want to send you right now straight
over to Gilroy how to's
it's a brand new channel so it's
obviously gonna be pretty low and
subscribers so I want all my gladiators
to go over there and occupy my second
channel okay so that's youtube-dot-com
forward-slash Gilroy how to please go
like subscribe and comment let me know
what you guys think it's the same Gilroy
just different types of videos you know
what I mean it's dinnertime and Gilroy
is making pizza homemade pizza well
kinda oh we need pizza sauce pepperoni
whoa
Multi daylight cheese am i thirsty
mushroom only two here's how we do this
it's Oscars no I'm just gonna pour it
right there just like that you need a
spoon like a spatula right something
something that has a round edge on the
bottle just use it like this to remit
the sauce around reach in there and get
some cheese yeah get some cheese in
there
go spread it out like this okay yeah no
that's the cheese right there
I like the cheesy like a cheesy
pepperoni up that Pete so don't be shy
when the pepperonis we like a little
meat on our high knees next part boom
and one more right there and the rule is
if you have leftovers you got you know
these are fresh mushrooms yep
all right yep Mike and stuff mm-hmm
there you go that's a pepperoni mushroom
beeps put your oven on 450 450 and then
take that baby these are pre these are
precooked crust it's perfect you can put
them right on the rack gives you a nice
crispy crust I got this baby for like 15
20 minutes boom
dinner and look who just walked a big
nestled if you want some shall I make
the second one I made you return this
into a party and make two I want at
least like three or four are you guys
marshmallows marshmallows
Wow
mushrooms Oh Oh mushrooms they're in
there but they're fresh so you have to
wash them if you're gonna eat them and
just like that delicious pizza pie I'm
gonna need two answers you need to mince
yeah it's awesome
well dinner was good pizza was good
right
yes Colin's terrorizing the cat which is
fine right that's cuter your simple
sunflower zombie zombie isn't that
awesome
the patient yeah I mean looks like it
kind of same shapes and stuff just gonna
be my little artist what was it it's
code on him oh crap look who's here no
sooner than Roman got here he's leaving
just like that was it just like to have
any four hours doll I'm lied to you he
just didn't vlog no we watched an
incredible movie that makes you want to
not ever eat American food or any food
around the world for that matter ever
it's like you know what does know sweet
about it did you tweet about you did all
right check Brittany's Twitter and watch
that movie fed up
no you noted in the truth always hurts
and that's one of the movies it's just
like calls you out calls you out
well it just reaffirms the fact that
ignorance is bliss and if you don't know
what's going on with your food supply
then you would really wouldn't give care
and you wouldn't do crap like that you
know how depressing it is to look in my
fridge after watching this movie and
every single thing I bought the store I
can't even eat because it's bad for me
eleven grams of sugar sugar sugar fat
salt sodium calories your viewers you
viewers
I know what you're talking about yeah
well the sugar stuff till they see that
movie yeah you have to watch a movie
basically sugar does the same thing your
brain as cocaine makes silly
it makes fat it makes fat divides your
body it makes the pancreas produce
insulin which then works overtime and
creates more fat get fat it was worse
Romans done is like excess I'm right for
sleep
I like that shirt where can I get one
special edition bill look at it Thanks
it's a one-of-a-kind they made it for me
okay good night brother
Britney see you later yeah no kidding
cute cat it is quarter to one four to
one in the morning and we got to get the
kids up for school so it's definitely
talking about time for bed time for
bedtime good that brings us to the end
of the line for today guys hey listen
we're gonna call it a night and I guess
then we'll just see you guys right back
here
you
