whatup guys start my day right after the
boys are getting out of school I'm gonna
go get them off of the school bus right
now but uh I had to spend the day like
cleaning and catching up on some stuff
because it was quite behind here's my
dudes
hey boys hey dad what are you doing
mommy's that work oh you guys ready to
go to the grocery store well guess what
we got here the grocery store hey we
gotta go to the grocery store and get
food to make dinner because you guys got
to eat got football practice
Chin's giving up the dumpling I'm at my
favorite sushi spot I'm getting ready to
try doubling in Hana
don't go up was awful seriously these
guys are out of control
how to control and we got a hurry I'm
trying to rush through here because we
got football football practice and we
got to get dinner done before that I
don't know if I can make it look at this
just that little bit of stuff starting
that much 114 dollars for that's the I
tried to buy like fruits right and a big
thing a salad mushrooms I got some sushi
some bacon I can't wait to eat these
right here hot Italian sausage we're
going to have a cookout tomorrow okay
eggs chicken bagels pomegranate
blueberry it's just so expensive to live
these days
you guys remember remember when Colin
had that fit we tried to we made him eat
the red sauce well just so you know
we're not always complete d heads we're
giving them the butter with the white
noodles
I'll come knock him dead out there
hustle hustle you're late we did we are
a little late we had to eat dinner we
couldn't send football practice without
dinner right mommy honey you I don't
know what it is but you pull off being
pregnant so stunning
can't even take it I brought my laptop I
have to edit here because I've been busy
doing stuff all day while they're
practicing I got to edit my battery just
died so I can't plug in there's nowhere
to plug in so I'm all caught up now I'm
going to go out here and enjoy the rest
of their practice they have to our
practice that's crazy
watch out for them wheat fields I'm on
my way to Roman's right now we are gonna
do in a Magel session with all of you
guys we put it out there on Twitter
so hopefully you join us I can see me a
lot of fun hi guys we tweeted that we're
gonna be on omegle and it's go time
you ready dude I'm so ready carry that
little fish shot loons though I know in
this field so seemed to be having an
issue with my computer probably because
I'm uploading two videos at the same
time and the Romans built right up son
of a bee bro all right what up dude I
can't I can't hear you this is crazy
this is what up here we go someone you
can talk oh this is so fucking did you
actually have a mic I'm so happy right
now everyone's got one of your piece in
and not yeah exactly
oh hi 20 bucks every time we show that
oh my god obsolete oh my god I swear if
I don't get them tonight ha
did you get a picture yeah yeah I'm
shaking right now
oh that's cool dude wait oh wait oh wait
wait can I get a picture yeah dude oh
god I'm literally like shitting myself
up ghusl can you hear me all right are
you the real Batman
I got a horrible camera sheep in town
okay
Judah I thought maybe you were Kate Kate
Cavin right now yeah this is the old man
camp you're playing the reel reel reel
minecraft what's that the real-life
minecraft right now oh yeah you out of
torches do you get a good pic all right
here we go all right thanks so much man
thing oh my god yeah I watch you guys
dude yeah oh my god I thank ya it'll
break please take a screenshot of this
yeah well we're ready oh my god
hardest dropped you got you got anything
you want to ask us or anything how come
you guys haven't been together come on
we hate each other bottom-1
hey I'm in the face earlier you're the
one talking all that shit you're the one
talking all that shit look at that face
t-that's a guilty face that's how we
knew it we - mouth that's a guilty big
pictures for our battalion right yeah
now he likes Vitaly more than me dude
was that's the bottom line
what um what do I say about the pictures
about
she still doesn't know brother keep it
quiet yeah you're gonna have to yeah I
just told her I went out there to sell
Girl Scout cookies what's up dude what's
up man lately what's up blogs lately
there haven't been any oh no well
there's been slacking his ass off dude
hey shouldn't why don't you have a drone
yet a drone yeah that's a good question
they're expensive they're not expensive
you know what I'm talking about right
yeah like a hexacopter what like a
hexacopter mr. serious bro drone like a
hexacopter with camera quad cam yeah you
know I wish he would be the best with
one law for real this this particular
Omega session it's been really nothing
but inconvenient it's lagging drums um
no mics yeah it's bad it's bad I
personally have never experienced this
much difficulty with a male it's just
not working I I think it's because like
it's because comment no Tommy connecting
the survey I can't even find the survey
here's here's what's happening the Roman
soldiers and the Gilroy gladiators are
inside omegle right now and they're
having this epic battle I'll turn it
apart yeah we're about done with this
that was the word we pay all that money
he's a mega one yeah oh yeah yeah I know
it's morning I came home last night and
Branka was passed out on the couch so I
just laid right next to her and next
thing I knew the Sun was coming up I was
pretty tired by the time I left Roman
but no Mecca was fun aside from the
technical difficulties we were having it
was a good chance to let everyone know
that me and Roman are definitely not
beefing run
Paige and we're still best but you know
what I mean not a whole lot planned
today should be just a really cool
relaxing chill day I guess all the slips
say is I will see you right back here
tomorrow
