what up guys good morning welcome back
welcome back to old hat Oh today's going
to be an eventful day I'm on my way to
Roman Atwoods house to pick up Veronica
we're going to the doctor we got a
doctor's appointment to find out
drumroll if we're going to have a boy or
a girl as hopefully a fingers crossed
they said the last time we were in that
today's doctor's appointment would be an
ultrasound where we try and look as hard
as we can to see if we can determine if
we're going to have a a man gilroy or a
female Gilroy on a side note you might
notice that my hair is not done and
that's because I'm boycotting boycotting
hair product until I get my ass to the
barber to get a cut because I think this
stuff is out
if you remember we did that bean boozled
game that we played with the most
disgusting jelly beans ever well I put
them in a bag here and I'm gonna try and
get them to eat them alright since I'm
late as usual it's a quick hi bye see ya
Romeo I'm just trying to work rose my
network though my vlogs already up sucky
I'm so lazy I'll be back later spider is
it
check this out before we leave I want to
show you guys a spider that we saw last
night look at this thing hold on there's
bees I gotta be careful look at this
spider oh my gosh thanks Hugh that's not
cool into the web I love them if you
know what kind of spider that does let
me know cuz it's freaking me out
today's the day potentially we find out
if it's a boy or girl what do you feel
is it a boy oh where is it a girl I am
is it the same do you feel the same or
do you feel different
this pregnancy definitely feels
different okay
which would suggest a girl that's what a
lot of people say
I can't wait I just want healthy happy
baby yeah I wonder if everyone is
excited as I am cuz I really want to
know it's like it's like it's like
trying to open presents on Christmas
morning you just can't contain yourself
because you're so excited oh you want a
girl I don't know if I want a girl it'd
be nice to have a girl cuz I haven't had
a girl no I don't know if I want a girl
from all the stories people tell me of
having girls well I hope you're ready
because we're about to find out doctor's
office is right over here
you ready oooh 7 biggest some pictures
and stuff I know and take more pictures
than ever
fortunately every one of this lovely
lady what would you call yourself this
time okay Monica the ultrasonographer
okay so Monica the sonographer has
informed me that unfortunately we're not
allowed to film the screen of the
ultrasound okay so I will be unable to
show you guys the ultrasound I know that
kind of sucks but Monica you're on the
spot right now you are going to provide
us with the picture of this the
ultrasound yes yes and we are going to
determine the sex the name today yes I
do not know oh why are you so cheap you
know what I could just tell by looking
at you yeah look his name first the
first David s parent yes she's going to
figure this out I have faith even though
she won't let us let me show you guys
what's happening I'll still be able to
give you a play-by-play no give me that
give me that what you said one more time
I think you're
having a girl are you gonna say are we
gonna say are we not gonna say you
already had first thing I know but I
have the power to edit know so you're
gonna say I mean I want to shout it out
I want to shout it out or should I
you guys are probably dying anticipation
because you just make wait another one
another take
we know what the baby is need only look
at your spacing
uh yeah you cry should anyway I'm going
to get my hair cut this is short like
James Gilroy
it's how it should be
I couldn't take I couldn't stand looking
in the mirror and put my hair together
when it was all shagging all right I'm
work let's go get our boys our boys are
home from school grandma pick them up
you're gonna tell them what kind of baby
wherever
yeah come here we have something very
exciting to share with you boys guess
what
check out the picture of the baby do you
see the baby hey see the head and its
face up here I'm gonna body those arts
oh those arts needs I think yeah yeah do
you see it though that's the baby boys
if if it's the color blue what is it a
boy yes if it's a color pink it's a girl
it's a girl yes
so this baby is I think it's a girl
do you think it's a girl I think it's
pink you think well whatever's inside
this bag that color is going to tell you
if it's a boy or if it's a girl hey are
you ready yeah are you ready to find out
all right well set the back down mommy
let's see what let's see what we got
ready pull it out
are you excited very excited you get to
be the biggest big brother to a baby
sister that's awesome huh
I know daddy's about to have a heart
attack we just got back to Romans we're
getting ready to reveal what we found
out the doctor's office you ready buddy
let's do this yeah did um kids ah baby
but you guys you guys got it together
open up that bag
we get open this bag yeah it will tell
you everything you need to know it's not
the right card
this is up don't worry about that 5d
mark 3 okay is he gonna zap me
ah I knew you could make three boys in a
row run no we need a girl in this family
well I guess I'm just glad it was you
I know let go ha ha ha right some run my
way to my mom's house she's invited us
over to have dinner
Veronica's birthday and we're also going
to reveal to them now what we found out
the doctor's office today I never
imagined that I would have a girl you're
going to have a daughter I'm gonna have
to be that overprotective dad I just
can't believe it
I'm getting ready to pull up so
see what they think god it's his a while
it's a boy yeah kiss the camera oh so
what is it I know it's a girl
now you're gonna have to ward off I know
the whole night really like I told
someone at the dollar store today I was
and I'm stopping Oh baby don't mom
though
hey so this is the dinner this is the PS
they'll resist stoles the tacos you like
tacos don't you hell yeah it's my
birthday taco meat tacos tacos but she
doesn't make talk to George mixes I like
taco salad yeah I think that's what I'll
have here we go cake and ice cream time
ready go happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
mommy brother I love you hi
yeah
good job boys that's how we do it so we
had cake and ice cream
we had tacos we hung out we revealed the
sex of our baby decided yeah but now
it's time to get these little guys yeah
this whiny guy don't whine buddy be
happy why do that they gotta go to
school tomorrow so we gotta get them in
bed but I go back to Romans so you guys
have come with me girl damn bro what did
I walk into what have you done yes small
explosion gonna fit so so this is the
what all those packages I've been
bringing back please do I mean that's
only half of it they've already hold out
all the UH the other halfs the elephants
I heard someone sent you an elephant no
a giraffe like what I'm gonna with a
draft yeah what Zoo bro feed it I can't
feed that thing let's clean this up and
play some battlefield dude all right
so time with the mole I'm with the whole
time yeah did I baby it yeah he did
we'll start out like this
yeah or we spent the time just hanging
out talking had a drink only one Tola
played battlefield how much we hate each
other right like according to comments I
was talking about how much I hate you if
absolutely hate you if life was like
comments that means that we hate each
other um I'm a piece of you're a
piece of yeah um how dare I go to
LA yeah and not see Roman at all oh
there you work and be busy and better
your life dude how damn dare you you're
gonna see what I just ordered for your
baby
wait April I'm happy by the time they
see this yeah they well okay this is
what I just ordered Michael Kors booties
with pearls on them what are you kidding
me now she
trust me please don't buy that crap for
my baby no but I really like those there
Michael Kors I mean you know what you
know what I'm telling you right now I
hate that and I hate you and I hate you
Roman I'm just kidding god I rally how
ridiculous you guys come on really I
think we should end the blog with us
fighting just so that we get comments
you know what I just took a piss and I
thought about that what if we did this
little thing where we were like fist
fighting so we can make that our
thumbnail no mum Shh pot weed finally me
for that Roman chase get back together
ready all the camera all the camera yeah
let's do this really this is for
thumbnail it's for fun nothing you're in
my house so I gotta be on top of you oh
my guys are are fighting on who's gonna
be on top like in a thumbnail to just
feed the troll this is what boys do lay
down okay no but you go much your loser
will feed you guys for a little while
have fun with it
that's right hey Tom well anyways okay
anyways it's late I need to go home and
slide into bed with my beautiful wife
because we've had an eventful day it's
been it oh you're siding dead can't get
her pregnant right now can you believe
it tell me what your thoughts are we're
having a girl the first girl come out
I'm still like up in the air I don't
know what the thing I'm excited either
way so that means I don't have to have a
girl I can spoil your guys's girl be
plenty satisfied no you are now behind
no ketchup good all right man I'll see
you later bye guys
I can't believe it you guys can you
believe it we're having a little baby
girl Kilroy
it's crazy it's still awesome they got
deep down inside I didn't really care if
we were going to have a boy or a girl it
doesn't really matter to me it's just
it's just another person that I get to
raise in love
help grow to be a better person than our
society as now it's going to be an
amazing adventure
and you guys are along for the ride and
I think that's really cool that you can
see the progress from pregnancy all the
way through to childbirth and then even
even farther on after that know by the
time I get home everyone's going to be
fast asleep boys have school tomorrow
and I got to wake up early to help
Veronica send them up so I'm going to go
ahead and check out now as opposed to
waking everyone else in the house up and
I can't wait to see all of you right
back here
you
