wake up dude
good morning guys what a beautiful day I
wish I could show you outside but I
can't Dennis
you ready to film some robot yeah
me and Dennis alright so yesterday
Vitaly and I went out and filmed some
stuff so you should look forward to that
video it's gonna be really cool
and today Dennis in myself we're gonna
film one out - yeah great how to sleep
tell me Phil dude this part is always in
the hallway random listen to this yeah
you're gonna be farting go there these
are this is gonna be fun
I love these cheeky oh yeah so obviously
we're gonna be filming a little bit of
cooter yeah today how to prank I just
need to go out there and get some farts
in front of people Jack shows you in the
how to prank video the perfect way and
get the dude I have a really hard time
using
I found that use a little bit of
chapstick right yeah rub on your palm it
makes that thing work infinitely better
yes jack field trip are there so but
Dennis doesn't have any problem at all
you're gonna have fat chubby ends really
gassy I had the gastric bypass and a
colon cleanse so I got a lot of air has
been pushed into my system the doctor
said I'll be very gassy until I just
gonna get all the air out
sounds like a sleeping just an energy my
but Stern enjoy - yeah man see it's just
this it's not we got you so we're stuck
in traffic then I thought what isn't let
us go there we go there's one guy so
we're cruising down rodeo drive right
now and these houses are nice again
beautiful I'm Seth Allen
but they're huge can't really see them
but chase and I determined that their
front doors probably cost more than our
cars Rodeo Drive is our film destination
today yeah actually we're gonna get some
shoes I didn't come here you go bro
this city is so beautiful man there's so
many so many people all doing their own
thing everyone's like busy busy busy
work work work we're just farting around
actually I'm taking chase to panini
cafe's the best yeah yeah cuz you know
you can't film without stopping
somewhere to eat movie so what a
pleasant surprise you guys while I was
in LA my grandparents decided to show up
and surprise us hey guys come on grandma
don't be shy say something those my
boobies my boobies you know even though
I've been here for a few days it still
blows my mom where we are you know what
I mean
look how beautiful this street is look
all the way down there with the palm
trees
be sure to look at that this is an
Italian cream soda thanks for it to a
pop my junk boy that was good enjoy that
you were stuck you know I thought was
gonna be like cream soda let's see well
let's see what this is like
- that's like a root beer float but not
it's cream soda with like ice cream I
have a sip of that
yeah try
that's what sweeping flavors it's
delicious algae fluke snapchatter yeah
I'm breaking into it yeah guys recently
I added sure I got a snapchat so you
guys gonna add at chase Gilroy and
snapchat yes if you wanna watch my
snapchat my snaps follow me chase
underscore Gilroy please it's gonna be
exciting it's gonna be exciting this is
a new just another social media outlet
that I can smash in your face you know
what I mean but for now we just got some
hummus check it out guys it's the Google
Maps camera car look at it in the street
maybe they'll see Gilroy with his camera
out yeah look at this
that law sake when they Quint salad
right uzuki dumbest I'm about to eat
behind and don't you touch well lunch is
over let's get back to work yeah that
was actually pretty good it's like a
steak mixed eggplant tomato it was good
different but I like it okay I'll get
the longer okay so we're done yeah part
one of our film day today now it's time
for tea yeah look at this pretty
fountain that we're just sitting by come
on take a bath you wouldn't think that
like we jump in black
it's actually nice and warm today like
hot
so we're waiting on a lift we're gonna
go back to Batali's house and film some
how-to pranks which is always fun show
you guys how to crank it up bring it
back
so we're filming Dennis's how to prank
with this dry ice look we got should've
seen it
yeah we just got Vitelli this actually
pretty crazy man it like makes sick
amounts of smoke if you watch Dennis
this video you're gonna learn how to
trick all your friends with dry ice you
broke me brush my hair Dennis's dry ice
bomb right how to don't say that on
camera
what a Brody here
well I mean I was closer than my price
should have been no that's the day of it
that's the duty of a camera I was with
you next year three years Irene no I
think this is all the booming zit bangs
ahead are me the bits of it it's a
pretty massive you're nuts a serious ha
so we had some chill time now Vitaly and
I are gonna take this badass Jaguar to
Jack and Jill's a really good restaurant
I guess but we're hungry
so we're gonna go eat and I got to tell
you dude I'm actually kind of mom
ask me why
because tomorrow I'm going home going
home tomorrow
it's Veronica's birthday so we're gonna
go home and take her out to dinner
yeah Amy said she'd be sad well it just
means that I had a good time we did a
model shoot on the beach and in the
studio she got crazy
yeah wait what yeah the model show you
remember oh yeah the whole true been
crazy couple of chapstick Cohoes about
the culture yeah and I'm applauding a
new video songs you watching this my
video my new video is up that's right
sorry you know yesterday we like shot
videos also go coming later years I want
to see I mean you're gonna do for me
throw out new Shaye's yeah a challenge
right there go to Batali's new video
which should be up tomorrow 10:00 a.m.
by the time this is and hashtag gladion
all right he wants to see you guys good
we're telling ya for dessert too I'll
clue you in metallics lost his memory
card with all the footage it was shot
yesterday
where is it stop it all right guys this
is it
it's been fun we had a blast but now
it's time for a Gil to go back home
I'm actually quite excited I'm really
excited to go home there's another
reason why it's really exciting at home
today because Veronica's birthday is
today so I'm going home to surprise her
I already told her but the boys don't
know I'm coming home so this should be
good
first up Chicago I'm only an hour and 10
minutes short flight away from home I
can't wait
hey we're in Ohio right yeah oh wait I
miss being home I'll tell you what guys
I sat next on this plane home I sat next
to the coolest freakin lady ever bet
say hi Bab to everyone hey it's Sparky
Sparky wants to go by Sparky another
successful trip how to LA had tons of
fun but there's one thing left to do and
that's fine my lovely lovely Veronica
and it's her birthday
see
I can't help that I'm excited await look
at you look at you honey look in there
look in there look it look in there guys
can you see it let's go get our boys and
get your birthday first of all happy
let's go out to dinner and let's go see
food yeah I can always eat food the boys
are at flag football practice they have
no clue that I'm coming home today
I had to kind of clue in wrong because
she had to come get me so we're just
getting to the park and the boys are out
here practicing what do you say we go
surprise them guess who I found
oh I found your daddy hey be honest did
you guys miss me like a whole lot who
missed me more no I thought you didn't
miss me I did I love you morning Colin
does
that's gonna be really hard to determine
actually well anyways mommy's favorite
restaurant everyone knows what it is
what do you mean wait oh geez come on
potatoes I went in with this ribeye
steak
sweet potato marshmallows and butter
what do you think about that yeah
we have a super-secret special surprise
this Days full of surprises guys wait
till we get back to my house I'll show
you what they told me that they found
mommy's birthday present daddy why don't
you guys show everyone your surprise I
just met the surprise I got a birthday
present from the boys this morning don't
tell him
yeah don't okay okay we'll just show you
cute little baby kitty mom one her name
his name is lucky his name is fluffy
boys named him fluffy
 this count he looked just like
Farrah except it's a baby yeah yeah
thanks light so this was my birthday
present but I think they're more excited
it's brought his birthday we went to
dinner and we stayed home and watched a
movie I know you're thinking lame
this was her request it's what she
wanted so no hate and and her birthday
present was that I flew myself home
for you yes for you my love just for
this alright guys that about does it for
today we've had such an amazing journey
travelled to LA we took awesome photos
for Batali's website make sure you hit
that up at Ali's ad TV store calm get
your phone cases your glasses your
shirts and whatnot and make sure you
leave comments about the photos that we
took and don't forget also while I was
in Kentucky if you remember working with
Tom mabe we were shooting a bunch of
secret videos I want you guys to go
check out those new videos on his
channel too maybe in America because
what we shot is now public so go check
that out and yeah so that's about it for
today guys so I guess we will see you
right back here tomorrow
