by Dennis I love you I'll see you later
man we're going to film a prank the B
dog and chase Gilroy
it's gonna be good getting ready to
prank film a video but first we got to
stop at this spot imprint revolution
they're taking care of all of Italia
shirts and I've never met the guys Leo
and the crew here in criminal evolution
there it is boys and girls look at that
just walk for a now until fifteen
hundred comes oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah listen to this thing pop start it
up bro listen listen listen
all right so this is it we're printing
it up la style I'm doing my thing right
here la style when you need some lotion
any sunblock all I need I don't need
that crap I put lotion on this morning
do I look smooth what do you think oh
yeah so like I showed you guys recently
you always got to check your gear man
before you go out so we're rethinking
new audio signals make sure that audio
is crisp clean beautiful you can hear
Batali's beautiful angelic voice hey you
ready to do this old-school Vitaly back
at it back to the beach look at this
place man
Santa Monica you're gonna kill this well
I hope so look at that bad Oh
flat
how we had to stop for food we're gonna
do all these tanks now I got some
chicken salad the good is it good I told
him he needed to try what I got which is
this mommy burger if you've never had
mahi it's so freakin good
get yourself a malicious we've literally
been on this video for most of the day
today we're almost done just last for 15
more minutes bro we've been going hard
in the paint
ever since noon I'm filming in the
walk-by close to the water and my shoes
so again so I need to empty amount get
all the sand now this Beach being all
it's cracked up to be all day that
especially when you're filming you happy
bro we just killed it all you want to
rub down ISM so what if it's windy just
look at that look after a hard day of
pranking we stopped at this refreshing
booth to get some cherry limeade
and some hotdogs I think we gotta move
over here yeah well she's every day
and you know my card yet yeah you get no
Monica Santa Monica comes alive at night
dude I was freaking diving into the sand
for this video I know it's awesome
cartwheels Batali's the King dude you're
gonna see old-school Battalion this bad
okay hast kill'd Thanks we got cherry
limeade lemon waters no sugary died
starts today what about the turkey no
bread no Brad that's good good good good
oh look my shoes check out these lights
here this thing's called parking assist
right so they have little cameras that
point right at the parking space and it
lights up red if there's a car park
there but green if there isn't I guess
the point of my story is like is that
camera recording your license plate and
where you are you know what I mean how
do you how would you feel about that if
you if you were recorded you know where
you parked Italia wants the ball down
the main strip in this Jaguar I don't
blame him
I would too if I had a car that's hot
boom speedboat come on guys we've had a
hard day taking night cruise with us in
this beautiful Jack
feel the fire
jump
so how did you all enjoy that rise
awesome Batali's are crazy in that car
tell you what but guess what revelation
on the way home we're gonna go meet
somebody somebody that I really honestly
have always wanted to meet someone that
I really look up to as far as the
YouTube community and I'm not gonna tell
you who it is just in case just in case
I fangirl and I'm and I don't vlog in
front of them Jeff Danielle son get that
Jack Daniels stop so as you can see is
the next morning and I obviously didn't
get to show you who I was doing to me
but just know that it was someone that I
wanted to be throw along and I finally
got
so to you my friend if you're watching
it was awesome hanging out and for all
years unfortunately you may never know
who I got payout but it was super cool
we have few drinks left and I am trying
to I'm ending the vlog today so that's
about all I got for it today
I suppose that I will see you right back
here
