so what's up guys good morning good
morning I've been quite busy since I got
here and I haven't had a whole lot of
time to do me which really stinks but
I'm in the business of bettering myself
as a professional so I have to do you
know I got to do what I got to do so I'm
skating to the bank I'm doing one of the
things that I've always wanted to do in
my life which is skate the streets of LA
which is really exciting
it's like stole the Tally's board and
I'm skating to the bank I don't really
even know where I'm going I'm just
having fun skating after we shot with
the models on the beach the next day we
had an in-studio photo shoot which I
really didn't shoot much of because well
let's face it the models were kind of
naked and I don't think that would go
very well for YouTube and don't worry
everyone who thinks that Veronica would
be severely upset with me she's not
that's my job I do photography and long
story short I've been busy doing things
trying to give at Ali's site done which
should be up today if you're watching
this check it out it's really awesome
and now that my works done I really want
to kind of recap some things so
yesterday Dennis and I showed you guys
how to make an epic omelet I want you to
check that out
Marda baby really shiny right now how to
make an omelet that's gonna power you
through your morning to put you at least
up til lunch all right not just numbers
oh yeah strawberries spinach inside the
omelets right yeah we start with cooking
the chicken get into Nathan Brown and
then we'll cut it up into little pieces
all right help and don't forget your cup
of coffee you've got to have a cup of
coffee while you're cooking your morning
bro put some red onions in there you get
that flavor kick in red onions in the
omelet man at first I was like I don't
know if I want all those onions but then
when you have them that mozzarella
cheese and I spinach red onions are good
because they're sweet yeah yeah then I'm
dropping in the egg whites bro in the
cup oh you just do it anyway oh I do
like I'll do the egg whites and I'll
drop it in like one regular so this one
what we'll do is I'll do like a three or
four egg omelet what do you want three
or four or three it's pretty good all
right so I'll drop one one of those one
other yo so you one out of the three
yolks in their written I'll drop about
they can't even
the trick to omelets man is getting it
on like a low heat medium heat and then
getting your pan all gooey stuff it a
little up that's the trick so that way
doesn't stick
machines
put that spinach right up in there bro
serves it for your day going to Tomatoes
they don't want the heat on your
omelette blasted at all it's gonna ruin
your own you want to be patient with
your omelette that's why I like to add
things as it's cooking on a low heat so
I'm get impatient because that way
everything's happened while I'm doing it
look at that this is your breakfast it's
really easy all you gotta do is just
wake up and put a little bit of work
into your meal and you're gonna have the
most energy you've ever had to start
your day so yeah that's how you make the
most awesome omelettes for breakfast
huge thanks for Dennis showing us that
it was really good I'll probably start
making my breakfast that way from now on
we've even had a little bit of time to
mess with vitally vitally went to the
gym yesterday by the time he came back
Dennis and I had a little a little
surprise in store I can't show you much
because well that's Dennis's bit so make
sure you look forward to that it's gonna
be really funny and then last night we
just kind of basically hung out we
finished up working on the website
and then I helped Vitaly ruin his diet I
ate so healthy in the past couple days I
had to make a different decision I'll
show you what I get yeah baby Pizza
Pizza is sounding so good right now I
haven't had anything greasy since I got
to LA so I'm gonna go spoil the Tally's
dies what do you think you're gonna have
some pizza oh I'm waiting I'm gonna open
the box ready anyway dude yeah let's do
this artichokes that fuck what was that
noise was that you eating pizza well
what the pizza dough yeah well we got
two pieces left there's two of us made
it we hate that crap yeah so yeah so
that basically sums up the past day and
a half for me to be honest I really
really really really really want to get
to go see Rome dawg
because we got a lot to talk about and
hopefully we can do that today
but what I'll do now is in this vlog
it's kind of a mash-up which sometimes
they're fun and we'll start today fresh
right after the boys get back from their
meeting with the collective
so with that I will see you right back
here tomorrow
