what's up guys
we are outside enjoying the beautiful
weather look at that blue sky just so
blue the green look the grass is green
the sky is blue there's like not a
single cloud up there what's going on oh
I know spring is here true oh you
shocked me
holy crap look at your hair hey Janine
now I know isn't it exciting so
officially day one of Veronica going out
of town we miss her
we miss her a lot but we're trying to
make the best of it and have some fun so
we pulled all this rocket thing that I
got for Christmas and they still haven't
tried yet no he's not
just check this out it's like a push
air-powered styrofoam rocket launching
awesome thing you want to do the honors
Cola record a rocket launcher of course
why didn't I think of that
alright Carson that one week watch and
learn from the process you whoa
step on it this is a how nice is this
outside it's so warm like you don't even
need a sweatshirt and I even cloaks
it feels amazing look look here we got
dandelions look that spring people watch
it hot o'clock yeah before we even got
started
Colin drips the tip off of this one yeah
miss independence
I hear I hear the dirt bike oh yeah but
do I wanna it's nice and scrapped out
dude yeah I want to ride a bike No
oh dude there is no describing how much
fun this little thing is that's trash
honey yeah
all right we got a live stream to do
just like that the live streams over and
look there's rain coming we're supposed
to have big storms tonight but uh Vicki
Veronica's mom washed Eliza for me so I
could pull off the live stream lover
what are you doing the geophone with
Nana did you have fun with Liza Mickey
Mouse
come on did you hear that oh my gosh it
feels like summer out here there's a
first of all the King hearing the kids
are good but Eliza very angry she made
me sit down and watch Moana which is a
amazing movie bugling I heard yeah get
in here cookie because I look good all
right so we're sitting there watching
Moana and oh there comes that's a big
song dad go get my bike okay I'll get
your bike we gotta get Eko commute here
hurry hurry dude there is insane
lightning out here absolutely and thank
watching storms and lightning has always
been something that I love to do very
hard to capture on a camera because the
light makes the camera kind of glitch
but to catch it has always been a dream
of mine
get that perfect photo of a lightning
bolt it's very very big over that way I
wouldn't lean on a metal Jeep though
it's metal dude if lightning strikes the
metal Jeep you'll surely get shocked and
lightning is no joke no joke that's all
sir
oh you see that was lightning Oh light
does it always strike no there's clogged
cloud lightning and cloud the ground
like it's kind of sticking but you don't
have a fishing
you just walk yes I like I like when
it's warm enough to be a thunderstorm
that's what I like yeah whoa I feel an
actual boom that was crazy
Maya it's okay oh it's all right honey
poor thing it's okay honey
it's all right it's just a thunderstorm
yes thunderstorm you want to see the
lightning with Daddy mm come and daddy
show you oh there you guys miss that one
another they write is gonna be a Badman
mmm
Piper I have you you're not scared okay
this was me
cariann Eliza's baby and her pink Minnie
Mouse pillow into the hotel the other
day and people were giving me like funny
looks like dude you need a pink pillow a
baby dog or sleep bro no it's for my
princess you guys want to say good night
this is my new favorite is it now very
car see oh wow love you puppy you say
night-night I see you say night-night
little thumb sucker
by everyone at school Easter's coming it
is love you it's a it's morning we
survived the night there was some pretty
radical storms last night at one point
there is thunder that was so loud it
literally shook the picture frames on
the wall on the house ice is crazy my
bus is way over there in the distance
right oh this is pretty incredible I'm
proud of myself in between the boys is
lost there's 30 minutes exactly in that
30 minutes I was able to shower get baby
Liza and dressed and her lunch packed on
Carson not our breakfast you're buying
today and get me up and dressed and we
made it to the bus stop just in time
that is pretty impressive I am full on
dad mode hit the rock smacked it and
then so yeah I got to take baby Liza to
the the sitter Carson is off to school
colin is already at school and that's
day one of dad alone and I kind of tell
you it wasn't easy so mad props to every
single parent out there who's trying to
do it on their own you got a lot on your
plate and it's tough and I don't think
you get enough credit so there's your
boss I love you to you guys thank you so
much for hanging out with me today I
can't wait to see you right back here
