good morning guys check out breakfast
Dennis made the most amazing omelet ever
oh my dude I'm gonna take in all of this
healthy eating that I've learned from
here in LA at home is it bad that that
has this delicious omelet that's super
healthy but I'm having a cup of coffee
yeah that's awesome
okay yeah I gotta have coffee that's my
reflectors camera GoPro products models
yeah my man Alex Mandel hooked us up
with the camera so we're getting ready
to head to Venice first Venice is our
first location we might shoot again in
Malibu but I don't know it might be too
far away but we're gonna kill it on our
way to Venice enjoy the drive
check it out with me beautiful famous
speech trial this first spot here for me
t long trees this location was great
we've got a lot of sweet shots these
girls are doing good girls good job
Natalia you're doing good to the tallies
doubling these are fatality it's just
got hired as a reflector boys you got
skills
get it that's your bike bro yeah they're
good pays in Malibu yeah they're
beautiful I want some beach stuff I want
some beach stuff I think we go down
there Jasha both thumb on that side with
the window window down because then
you'll get like the full PCH video I'll
tell him yeah you want the views how
long you gonna use nothing together
look at this you don't see that
beautiful thing this little beach Cove
is friggin gnarly dude
I saw a couple surfers walking up the
stairs to go back up and they're surfing
out here with all this rock and like
every dude that I saw walking up his
toes we're all bloody nasty from
scraping all this rock and reef I'm sure
what's up chase you know I'm gonna blog
for you cuz we need some blog Twitter
he's working so hard he has no time to
walk with you guys we're just shooting
on the beach Malibu with these two
hotties how do you how does it feel I
feel like a professional photographer
dude you're not wait dude hey throw
Alice's camera down he doesn't know how
do you guys think it went oh yeah bro
did you like them dude we were here for
we're just after sunset kill this
beautiful spot Calot kid hello alright
let's go home
I'll sound dirty from shooting today
it's definitely time to take a shower
and I'm pretty exhausted because we
walked so far that place was so
beautiful as awesome so I'm going to get
cleaned up and probably go over there
that's about all I got for you today
thanks again for watching I will see you
right back
