what up good morning everybody we're
starting our day at Runyon Canyon never
been here before it's hard it's midday
and it's gonna be shooting photos with
us not even a quarter-mile
no you're gonna close your mouth you
gotta I was thinking more from this
angle dude like this angle brah
trust me just film that that's you're
gonna give your thumbnail bro no let me
see the photo let me see the photo did
this dog he's got him dress up like
Superman that's awesome look who I found
look who I found it's Danny Boy yeah
Rhett Vons we got to get some groceries
since we're got we got the Nutella
bikini model back yeah we're gonna be
hungry this week so we're gonna need to
get some too instead of going out to eat
every night and spending stupid money
here buy groceries cook food - all this
goodness all this healthy stuff they're
gonna teach me how to eat healthy this
week I generally don't eat very healthy
yeah she's gonna make some sort of
direct chicken drumsticks good stuff
Dennis has this tiny tiny sigh on what
is the FR FR FR s all them groceries
just barely fit in the trunk as cars
literally it should be a two-seater but
it has four seats but like it look at
this there's too many groceries to carry
up all at once we found this shopping
cart on the street yeah that's so much
better than carrying
two bags up in shopping carts work just
as well on the streets in the governor's
format I guess I've never seen a
shopping cart elevator I'm gonna be
honest
Christina's making this chicken
drumstick baked some kind of stuff she
makes from no one she's from New Orleans
this girl she's gonna make some spicy
chicken deliciousness look at this I
want you here asparagus rice
Dennis don't even waste no time that'll
be gone before I even finish my first
bite so we're shooting
we're shooting photos tomorrow former
Tally's website and i had to borrow mr.
Mandela's camera to do this shoot which
thank you again mr. Mandel and we gotta
get the batteries charged and ready for
bed we're gonna be up early all right
Dennis you're not going then I think
well it looks like me and dentists are
definitely sharing this room no there's
two there's two spots to sleep and so
we're gonna get up early and do photos
tomorrow that means we need to get some
sleep all right guys so we will see you
right back here tomorrow
