homemade Lunchables pepper and cheese
crackers ample sauce fruit snacks
juice yes good morning guys it's really
early really really early we're getting
these a little boys yeah every year the
boys start school drunk is gonna take
their picture up against this little
chalkboard ready yeah we ready for
school nerd so excited oh wait there's
like kindergarten he's done preschool
before last year so it kind of knows the
drill but this is all-day kindergarten
yeah
brain we made to the school I ended up
gram both of them today huh you ready
yeah killing me oh it's killing it so
every young they made it
miss ramped up this game do you remember
where your classroom most double doors
doors I love you you have a good day
okay
have a good day ready
he's a kindergarten now excited hums go
find your teacher what's your name
Carson do you know your teacher's name
okay
you'd be good hey mind your manners okay
I just heard the boys walking let's see
how their first anyway
no what no no no nothing what about you
son how was your first day at cavern
good yeah yeah did you enjoy it
yeah really like what I did projects
actually nice oh yeah that sounds like
candy
the rest tell me what's in there well
good
Oh eat them here let me read this it
says hello Jason family I hope you're
enjoying hope you I hope you hmm
is it lime or lawn clippings chocolate
pudding or canned dog food oh my gosh
your toothpaste the buttered popcorns
originally my favorite but this one
could be wrong next oh my dude we are
definitely socks actually we're going to
my buddy's set somebody set divided us
over for dinner needs to have the kids
play in stock so we're gonna go to his
place him why don't we play that I think
that'd be funny I didn't film is eaten
she sets wife Kristin she makes a bomb
calm cabbage rolls which doesn't really
sound good but it was it was your sets
got a freaking water park back here is
that awesome heck yeah
okay okay all right so like I said we're
gonna play this game with Seth and his
wife and this is gonna be so much fun
dude I can't wait to see one you got gag
I'm gonna blow up bris spin this thing
and it's gonna land on whatever yeah so
we gotta get the one that looks like
caramel corn which is this one right and
then who's ever turn it is you have to
eat it and you're gonna say whether it
was caramel corn or moldy cheese or
moldy cheese we don't need any further
introduction let's get started who's
gonna go first your idea who's Cyrus
ahem I'll go first okay all right here
we go here chase Gilroy's first spin
boom
chocolate pudding or canned up okay so
it's gotta be one of these groans give
me some light give me some light boys
all right there it is right there
yes Bray the black are you kidding do it
black oh hey once you go black you never
go back
what's the other option that it can be
it could be black licorice or skunk
spray oh I hate food yeah get down on it
I would have been in black
uh-oh crap no it's either peach or barf
all right that's not cool ready here
goes nothing
no you gotta go nope no no no you gotta
eat it you're eating that where you
going
all right guys that concludes our game
of bean boozled so graciously given to
us by and thank you again so much for
that was a lot of fun actually but I can
guarantee you I probably would ever play
that game ever ever ever again you know
I think we got to come in a little short
today I hope you got much for a long but
today was the kids first day of school
they had a lot of fun they're not
usually very vocal about saying what
happened I got to be honest I got quite
a bit of work to do tonight
still phone calls to make channel art to
put up and I'll tell ya I'm actually in
the process of creating another channel
but I won't give you all the details yet
I need to make sure that everything is
all lined up for it and so you can
definitely look forward to that that's
gonna be a really cool new venture for
me maybe going to see an ultrasound
maybe not it depends on what the doctor
says but I should have one hopefully
they're not they shouldn't be too busy
yeah but we'll let you know you'll see
tomorrow so that's about all we got for
you today guys thank you so much for
watching and we will see you right back
here tomorrow
