alright alright good morning we're back
home it's our first day and if you
recall last video I went to my cousin's
wedding for a brief moment just to say
you know how I miss you I love you as
congratulations good luck and everything
we've got a bunch of family in town one
of those people being my cousin Ben
which used to hang out with us all the
time when you were a little boy you were
very little boy and been used to help us
babysit college so Ben is on his way
here right now and you're gonna get to
see him again I hope you recognize him I
don't know what it looks like again you
you were he should be here any minute
it's a family meet up time me and Ben
are gonna go to beat us and meet up with
my uncle Charles I don't think you guys
have ever seen you Michael you saw him
in Tennessee bein Ali will get to talk
to them a little bit and unfortunately
Veronica's not gonna go Veronica's gonna
take the boys to her dad's her dad wants
to hang out boys all that is nice yeah
you'll be won't have some free time some
alone time
sounds real organized on vacation Sanna
that's that's on our old vacation right
there yeah on the floor
I'll see you when I get back I love you
lots
boys make sure you're good for grandpa
okay look at them they're so happy so we
had to come by pick up my aunt sherry
check out this is Phineas coolest bird
she's had him perfect capper 24 years
old oh my god
thanks so much pretty bird one we're
sorry we're sloshed yeah anyone out my
family he's awesome
come here sly we're slobs sly event
Cherry's cat she used that time ago he
died
this bird skill calls the cat here at
Buffalo Wild Wings in Pickerington we're
gonna hang out with some members of the
family that you probably haven't met yet
and I don't know they're cool people
they're just like me I'm I'm just chill
Gilroy you know what I mean so I think
you'll enjoy them you've seen Michael
and you met Ben but my uncle Charles I
don't think you've ever met so let's go
no you look like you play soccer dude
the rest of the world will love it so
here we are at B dubs hanging out with a
family we got three different tables of
Awesomeness happening here it is the
lucky man congratulations
Alley right back there say hey Ally they
just got married date you know their
lives are pretty much over but no I'm
I'm married I've been married for what
three four you're not kiddin remember
I'll probably can trouble for that but
it's great you're gonna love it I love
it no you're gonna love it hey Ally
you guys want to see the ring check it
out hands the ends the man this is a
badass ringer
they're going on their honeymoon to
Mexico they're gonna leave Tuesday I
hope you guys have a lot of fun dude I
could tell dude they had a blast last
night all right showed up way too late
and everyone was large we decided to
come back to play some frickin oh crap
help me monkey apparently you guys
playing - damn Wow you're trying to hurt
that girl dude that's not nice come on
Nick this is my cousin Nick you guys
probably never met him he's freaking
baller Mazel Tov doctor Nick yeah he's a
certified veterinarian he can Regan like
put his whole arm well I'm a horses butt
and it's perfectly cool perfectly cool
and I don't even have the car tomorrow
yeah or buy a drink you're never playing
it the goal is to throw the frisbee and
hit the pole that's holding the cups the
Cup flies off you have to catch it with
one hand that's point
who see he losses they get a point it's
pretty fun and if you get the frisbee in
between the two poles that's two points
Mike get your guitar boy he's on it he's
on it Mike's an amazing guitar player
matter fact this guy over here Ryan with
the with the lady straddling him he's
pretty damn good guitar player too
you'll see
this server ignore happy sy and use it
as for sauce after the search my meat
this will astound your purses I'll use
my heart attack
that's what does Michael Michael Gere
fuller everybody next up Ryan bow on the
guitar acoustic I'm very grateful I
don't know how much got on him but I
have this little cookie these guys this
is a musical
don't
right back to that one joint
myself
yeah
so that was pretty fun I really really
missed hanging out with all those guys
and Michael Nick they're my cousins from
Florida and I don't really get to see
him that often and it kind of sucks they
all you know we all grew up and winter
in ways and started doing our own
different things and before you know it
like you just months go by years go by
before you even said hello so it should
be important to you like any of you keep
good you know keeping good contact with
your family what you should do you
should call your cousin right now just
to chat with them and see what they're
up to
hey boys tomorrow happens to be a
special day for you what is it second
grade are you excited yes yeah do you
know your teachers oh really
yeah did you get to meet your teacher oh
yeah what kind of things do you think
you're gonna learn in second grade I
don't know no yeah
well it's also a special day for Carson
- what's tomorrow
kindergarten your first day kindergarten
man you're growing up too fast guys
before you know it you're gonna be as
tall as I am
dad look you're gonna be over successful
because you'll have YouTube channels of
your own good don't scratch your ears a
little scratch you mean I can't
I'm sure everyone's probably excited for
you no doubt and if everyone could wish
Colin a Carson a very very happy first
day of second grade and kindergarten
yeah yeah I'm excited for you guys
hey it's another step in the growth of
your life you're gonna achieve another
grade up gonna be that much smarter all
right yeah you're gonna get all the
girls nobody you're gonna get all the
girls yeah I know you are I know you are
the kids are in bed and it's gonna be
such a cold day tomorrow they go back to
school it's bittersweet man it means it
means the end of the summer is here it
sucks really bad but you know life is on
soon it will snow yeah actually just
finishing up posting this picture that
we took of all of us at the beach and
look at me look how goofy I am I'm just
in the background
jeez that's a lot of fun it was a really
good vacation good time for us to get
away and spend some time with each other
and I know I didn't post as often as I
as I usually do but you know sometimes
she just kind of got a disconnect and I
really didn't have any other choice
there was no cell phone service or
Internet service if there was I probably
would have still vlogging every day and
uploaded it was actually kind of nice
not having to pick up our phone for a
week yeah it was cool it was like I
picked it up I used it to take pictures
and that was it yeah all right so that's
about it from the Gilroy household
thanks so much for watching
and I suppose we will see you right back
here tomorrow
