what's up guys
what a beautiful hot morning it is here
in the Outer Banks we're pretty far out
there pretty far out there we're
actually as far back as you can go on
the northern shores the 4x4 areas at the
Outer Banks and I feel bad it's been a
couple of days since I seen you but I
really had to take some time and spend
with the family because they missed me I
missed them and they're the most
important people in my life so so
Veronica's down there showering
everyone's getting ready
we spent the majority of our days here
at the beach
the beach was beautiful the water's warm
the Sun is hot starting to get a tan so
this is our spot this is the tea house I
don't know why it's called the tea house
because I've never had any tea here and
there's no tea in the cabinet so I'm
really confused but it's pretty cool one
of the smaller houses that we've been in
it only has a hot tub
no pool and it's a four-bedroom house um
three baths it's not bad not bad at all
here's V nizzle hey girl you looking in
don't lock me out
ah I like funny funny girls
oh hey Lindsey what check it out so this
is the layout of the house there's one
bedroom there a bedroom in there
bathroom kids room two bunk beds that's
our room we kind of got the shaft so
Veronica didn't know I was coming right
this room has two twin size beds that we
had to butt together so that we can
sleep next to each other
which gonna suck but it's okay whatever
bathroom yo my messy room
yeah it's messy it's necessary there's
laundry yeah here's the upstairs jimJam
it's a kitchen little dinner nook I
guess kitchen table living room and then
we have the outside deck kitchen eight
man outside day wraps all the way around
this goes upstairs to the Overlook not
bad
and you can still see the ocean it's not
oceanfront but it's right there just
right there
overall this is a pretty cool little
house the only downfall is that it
doesn't have internet there's absolutely
zero cell phone service which really
sucks for a guy like me so I have to
travel 45 minutes one way to get into
town and there's this really cool little
coffee shop OBX coffee and they have
pretty pretty fast internet so I was
able to upload what I've uploaded
they're not in so today we are going to
we've got today left and tomorrow and
Saturday morning we head home very very
early so today we're going to go into
into town hang out for a little bit
then come back to the beach for the rest
of the evening and just play and have
fun can I move here I make enough money
and I'll buy you out
okay Armand it's just so
you know though this is achievable all
we gotta do is is make our YouTube
channel a full-time job
and then we did
change our lives completely and live on
the page and bring new cool Beach blogs
every single day it would be awesome
and then ivory did that for three months
four months five months move to
somewhere else and then blow that
lifestyle how different the traveling
blog
traveling bloggers
we rocked the boys to sleep on on the
bumps
which which I am very thankful that
you're here made it
everyone wants to know more about the
axe
about the accident what about the end
traffic was congested and
you know we we were almost to like the
beach we were only going maybe 20 miles
an hour and been stopped ago for a long
time and Scot Jamie me and then drunk
like the order of our vehicles and
everyone slammed on their brakes and I
look at my rearview mirror and I see
drone got stopped behind me and then all
of a sudden he was behind me there was a
truck
those hauling a boat behind him who when
we had stopped
Jerome looked in his rearview mirror
seen him turned his wheel to get out of
the way while the truck smashed him
pushed him out into the other Lane
and then the truck had so much speed
still that he hit me
so the truck that was pulling the boat
hit drum drums Hummer first and then hit
me
drum ended up hitting another car when
he got pushed from out behind me and it
was great it was very crazy thankfully
everyone was okay in all of the vehicles
and it was very scary it could have been
totally different we all would have been
in cars I had talked to Chase at shortly
after the accident and I still had no
idea absolutely no idea that he he was
on his way to see us to meet us here at
that point and I had absolutely no idea
but it was the best prize ever and I'm
so glad that he was able to make it here
to be with us
big bucks ice cream this place is
seriously rad
and began the ice cream
Oh
what are you what color you are
Manila yeah that was it
three
come on dudes the ice cream is delish
they make the round its homemade ice
cream they make their own stuff I
definitely shouldn't I got three scoops
it cuz that was so much was yours good
yeah you made a huge one
you sure did make the big mess Collin
made the bigger report yeah but it was
yummy huh yeah we're goin to the beach
now let's go back to the beach guys
alright so I just want to illustrate to
you the difficulty of driving like on
the beach look and this isn't even the
bad part if you could look I mean it's
hard to tell but these ruts are super
deep like there's points where the Jeep
doesn't even clear
what we're driving in and we have to
drive 45 minutes of that just to get
into town where there's sulfur like I
had enough time to actually read some
comments and stuff like that on the last
video and I guess some people are upset
because I haven't posted a daily vlog
but look at this guy's look you got my
beautiful wife and my two little babies
I took a few days off don't be hatin
don't be hating on the Gil this is C
this was like rolling down the beach in
the forum I'm just like I got shocks you
can't even load the cameras still bang
crowd hates taking laughing tonight on
the positive side one good thing about
driving on the beach and these deep
breaths
the car will literally drive itself I
mean it's literally driving itself I'm
not touching it
I'm not touching wheel we're driving aah
I wanted to get something up some kind
of a message to everyone that's watching
that let him know what you know what I'm
doing where I'm at so what I did was I
did this little quick little YouTube
capture video and I have just enough
service here on the beach to upload it
that's kind of cool I never knew that
you could do that so if you see
yesterday's quick little 27 second clip
that was just me goofing around I just
wanted to see if it'd work yeah so the
beach when it gets too rough you can
always take these trails which are super
cool usually they're a lot less rough ah
than the beach
but big but there's always big holes but
filled with water they have filled a lot
of those in yeah that's true they have
so much fun in the water it's great
because they're old enough they're like
they're big enough to wrestle some
pretty tough waves actually you ready to
do some body boarding high-fives
oh yeah yeah jump the waves I'm sad a
pass number kids love you little monkey
all right guys let's do this
what a wonderful day it's been and I
just feel so happy that I had the
opportunity to be here at the beach my
favorite place on earth but Jimmy and
Krystal leave tomorrow so we're going to
go ahead and get now the traditional
group pick for everyone that stayed in
the house we're gonna do a little photo
real quick
makes me sad we're live tonight and then
tomorrow full day then we head home
early Saturday morning I just wanted to
finish it up here at the beach I wanted
to walk over this dune and see a little
bit of the sunset and the clouds really
it's still beautiful everyone's getting
clean honey you're doing a good job
there there's there's only two other
showers this one who is it's not ours
and then there's one upstairs but I'm
gonna go outside to go special sure okay
here she is
is she a beauty just a dark old
with this showerhead you know that's
living here on the beach the best thing
about that shower is there's absolutely
no line to little bucks in war oh yeah
nice
so showers showers have been dealt it's
time for cold beverages come a Corona
and lime Scott's in there making tacos
taco boy Taco Tuesday actually Thursday
Yeah right on it
I'll tell you what this is my force you
must take care of me
go on little dude out look at all right
so we came out for some epic crab
hunting and look what we found
that's a big boy
ok it's ok Gilroy's got it thanks guys
would you look at that just look at it
oh my gosh oh and I have a red flashing
battery alright alright we've got more
crabs to capture my battery might die
but I'll try to capture them all all the
kids are asleep it's time for us to
sleep up I had to meet too many law
services
you know cervesa cervesa so what a fun
day we might crab hunting we went out to
play in the ocean we did bodyboarding
Veronica did lots and lots of sunbathing
ok got too much Sun and today didn't go
all the Sun today yeah well the battery
lights flashing alright guys thanks for
hanging out with us sorry it's been such
a scattered upload schedule but please
bear with us we're on vacation
we're having a damn good time too so we
will see you right back here tomorrow
maybe maybe
