good morning to you all so now I guess
it's time for me to come clean on
exactly what I'm doing so I was
scheduled to go to LA and we had some
delays Veronica was heading to the beach
as of yesterday and I was going to have
to miss out on that trip because I was
going to LA so since my plans fell
through I thought how cool would it be
if I just showed up in the Outer Banks
to surprise Veronica and the boys so
right now I have a 13 hour drive ahead
of me
to surprise my family in the Outer Banks
and it's gonna be so incredibly
emotional I know for sure because I know
she misses me and the points miss me
it's just going to be a really awesome
powerful moment when you finally see us
reunited in the Outer Banks so yeah so
let's uh we're gonna drive today
in about three hours three and a half
hours and I haven't even had a cup of
coffee in today so I definitely need to
make a little pit stop I used pretty
much all whole tank of gas I lost so I
got fuel fuel is only $26 a film tank
that's friggin awesome and you're not
gonna believe but Veronica just called
me she just got off the phone me told me
that she's been in an accident
this guy was pulling a boat he is not on
my hip me
boats - there
damage
I don't even I can't even understand
it's crazy it's crazy she's been in an
accident
everyone's okay and the kids aren't hurt
or anything but got a full tank of gas
subway it's keep on keep on going
well I made it but I'm sitting here
waiting for Scottie and I haven't heard
any text back yet so I'm guessing where
they are they don't have any cell phone
service at all but I did I did text him
when I got here and he replied so he
knows I'm here
and he's got the location so I guess
I'll have to do is just sit here beat
flowers later my boys show up yeah let's
do this let's make this surprise happen
this is gonna be good you guys you have
no idea you have no idea you have no
idea you might have some idea veronica
has no idea where I'm at she thinks I'm
in Nashville but little does she know
I'm right here in the Outer Banks so
Scott and the boys just picked me up and
we're almost to the house she's going to
discover that these guys picked up
something on the beach and it's gonna be
me you got bring it up here there you
guys gonna come look at this
I'm over here
Oh
maybe fry
it
you
