what up so we're starting to hear
Starbuck where you want to let me put my
lip gloss they always do me good here at
Starbucks I've gotten Starbucks for the
past three mornings in my day was really
jump-started all right this is it so
we're all packed up our time here
Nashville is done now we go back to
Louisville actually I'm just kidding
I'm not going back to Louisville and I
have one of the most epic super secret
surprises that you could ever imagine
but I can't tell you what it is until
tomorrow you're just gonna have to wait
my cousin lives in town Michael so I'm
going to meet up with him quite a bit
later this evening but in the meantime
Domino Dale is in town so what I'm gonna
do is I'm going to hook up with him
and it's been probably the day in
Nashville see chase by Tom thanks for
all your hard work I appreciate it love
you buddy
I'll get to you man thanks I'll see you
soon
good to see you dude likewise to hear it
was fun
Thank You Man I hope you guys are ready
to get really really high this is the
Nashville Convention Center right now
there's this big trade show going on
between a bunch of vendors and the
atwood rope company is one of those
vendors so dale has a booth set up and
he's here working so i parked my bags
and now we're gonna hang out with dale
for a good part of the day and lucky for
me this fine young lady right here
she's got my past you feel like the
outdoors outdoors products fishing
hunting camping anything like that this
is the place to be if you sell those
problems so many different things going
on boat motors scopes nah
broke booth everything's close enough
they're getting ready to shut down but
check this out do you remember I did
this trifold catalog with Dale and this
is what it looks like it's pretty bad eh
and he told me he would have been quite
lost without it because they have an
order form on the back and Dale wasn't
prepared with the order form so it looks
good what do you think you like it
you're happy he's happy he's happy last
night here in Nashville and Dale and I
are gonna go get some food I'm not gonna
call it a food blog because that would
just be inappropriate inappropriate
ridiculous it's a copy
it's not about yeah we're and we're not
copy cast like really we like to be all
look I am view not look at that view
that's awesome what we need to do is
figure out who can get us to the top
floor on the penthouse and see the view
up there lambie's luke way on a Friday
evening
street performers everywhere everybody's
getting down Oh
Wow just a little on the magic part my
name is F and I've come to get it
started up like that
tear it apart it's so breezy so easy do
it f is easy does that we'd be in the
way you can completes me so come and
grab the mic does the magic takes you
I'm lyin I got no game Dick's last
resort joint your mama warned you about
this should be good
we're gonna send okay oh whoa whoa go
reset right here
okay okay okay that's cool at Dick's
customer service is exactly the opposite
they don't give a shit about so at
Dick's they write some Bastardly message
on your hat and put on your head I can't
even see what mine says because this
whether I have a video blog you can
check it out if I get like 300 more
clicks I might actually get paid like
three cents per view and maybe these on
my face again my name is Tyler oh hi oh
and nobody ever has over here
Wow oh my hi this is Ellie do shots in
dicks laughing the door
oh that was fun exciting shitty service
man dick says shitty service the best
way to get around the city is to use
either uber or lyft and I just got lift
so I've got a lyft driver on the way
this would be my first lift ride ever go
this I'm lyft driver what up Noah you
just happen to pick up a blogger man I
hope you're ready for that
hit the rock alright man thank you so
much for the ride bro I mean thanks for
the lift
that's right yeah take care man that's
our own personal taxi service my man
Noah would lift he did a great job super
personable nice guy
hey that's our enterprise lady she can
tell us what we needed it so I'm here
with Michael and literally unfortunately
I've only had barely literally no time
to hang out it sucks
that's cuz I'm a natural I got hearing
just enough time to talk we've got we
had a lot of stuff to talk about and now
it's time for me to go pick up Dale
because I'm staying with Dale at his
hotel room so meet Michael Michael say
hi everybody everybody all right Michael
I love you give me hug
good to see you good to see - I want to
see you
ohayo you will I promise
this definitely is a really really nice
hotel room other than the fact that they
don't have internet like there's no
complimentary internet so there's no
possible way for me to upload a vlog so
that means tomorrow morning I'll wake up
and continue the day and upload tomorrow
night so I'm gonna cuddle up right here
and this nice little bed get some sleep
and I'll see you in the morning
good morning you know I know I told you
that I was gonna tell you where I was
going when I woke up and that everything
was gonna be rolled into one video but I
had some time to sleep on it so I've
decided
that I'm not going to tell you right now
and you'll have to tune in tomorrow to
watch the exciting conclusion to my
Nashville adventure so thank you again
for watching and I'll see all of you
right back here
