what up we are at up and earlier those
point i'm making an elevator and go
downstairs we're gonna hit the city of
prank it now break it up alright t-shirt
crank it up yeah we're vlogging the
stereo people this lava strangers keep
keep it going make it make it steady
okay okay recent whispers gonna keep
going around circling hey if you can't
have fun in the life you're living then
it's not going to be worth living at all
so make sure you wake up every day happy
to be alive smile smile tom so today the
bit where filming is called ping baby
and basically he's got this like yard
sprayer with some tubing hooked up to it
right and basically we'll run it
underneath then it goes yeah there's a
hole in the bottom here you'll see when
the video comes out obviously i'll share
you links and stuff but babies just
gonna all over the place camera set up
mics are synced nice clear channel
remember what I taught you check the
audio check the audio I think with all
our gear set up we're just about ready
to start filming so we're at Centennial
Park in Nashville and there's tons of
cool stuff to see here I'll do I can't
really blog a lot while we're filming so
what I'll do is consider like a travel
sequence with music that's the right
I'll show you guys kind of a tour of
natural from what I see through the day
I think you'll enjoy it
it's pretty paint lunchtime let's lock
up flatbread concoction video grilled
chicken habanero sauce tomatoes I think
that's I don't know that is but
french fries so we had to take a break
because tom is being interviewed by some
social media people we gotta sit here
and watch stuff like that you like that
set oh I do not like being on camera
happen so how do you feel right now
laughter yeah
another final run how do you Tommy so
Tom and I came out for our bike eat oh
look there's hooters who's your good
hooter right go to hooters we're back in
this really strange alley pretty
printers alley the nude karaoke only
because of the right word it's right by
our hearts out Bonnie Kat saying new
karaoke here at these overalls you're
kidding me mr. no no mr. Thomas
they're working on this elevator I've
never seen an open elevator shaft my
friend are you okay yeah my goodness
it's dark it's damn it's cold you did
well I know so my friends another day
another prank look what we got today you
remember this guy right my little friend
Pepe Le Pew p he's gonna be skirting
around the streets in national yeah yeah
yeah we're back at the same place where
that parthenon building was yesterday
and it's just the perfect location
pretty much her people traffic gonna pet
are skunk you want to pet the skunk
this is great that's how you hide a
camera so there's two little spots right
here right next to each other ones
called losers one's called winners ha
this is a tough decision do we want to
be a loser or do we want to be a winner
loser or winter rinsed out upon dickhead
aha time for my food blog check this out
philly steak sandwich it's got the steak
cheese green peppers and onions super
good tater tots and my special sauce
listen try this i promise you're gonna
love it ketchup mayonnaise in a little
bit of horseradish I can definitely
vouch for winners but I want someone to
go to the losers and then tell me how it
is I want to know I'm not going there
though battery is dead on our skunk we
gotta switch it up a little bit but what
good timing cuz check out this boat
that's rolling down the river that's
huge
hey all right that's a wrap on our skunk
video went pretty well I would have
liked to see someone pick it up and like
throw it into the river that have been
pretty cool about it oh yeah that's fun
that's good time our film day is done
we're back here at our hotel the
doubletree hilton in nashville and so
the rest of my day has to go to editing
I got a I got a little treat a little
tasty little treat from the starbucks
cafe I'm gonna put my ass in front of a
computer and just edit the rest of the
night let's sound good to you bread good
name ok ok ok ok ok alright so we've
been editing and piecing together the
prank silly pants we are with you and
they look really good actually and what
an honor it is for me to be able to edit
some of these and it's not the full
pranksjust what would you more sizzle
reel but there's this music festival
that's going on right down this little
street I've been hearing it ever since I
came up here so what we're gonna do is
we're going to go downstairs and walk
the streets and check it out for a
little bit take a little break you know
me this festival is called live on the
green
it lasts for three whole weeks all these
people too she's got here on the stage
is rock do this place is a lie this you
know this reminds me a lot of lookers
children all your pie your fans will
love so just this reminds you a vid con
this is a lot like a big time yeah
there's definitely a lot of being
everybody everything someone here under
18 yeah we're like big ha was always
making them this is the part of the
street part of this festival that has
all the food trucks man's this food
truck even has Nintendo
that's about all of our time that we're
gonna spend at this festival we got a
lot of stuff to get done a little more
editing
so we are probably going to call it a
night at this point but we'll wait till
the hotel prints out there sleep it's
like I've got to be quiet anyways thanks
for watching and I can't wait to see you
right back here tomorrow
you
