what up check this out I'm I'm starting
off bad with my morning look at this
this is the worst thing that could
happen as a coffee drinker it's gonna be
full grounds look in the bottom you
probably can't really tell but there's
no way that that can mess up come on
baby I was just catching myself in the
reflection of the truck that's naked man
yo you get that front knee to shade a
little bit but I don't we just stopped
we're on our way to Nashville right now
we just stopped to the rest area
you know we're aging and we our bladders
can't hold our urine for as long as it
used to be anything but me I'm cheese
curds what that don't even sound good no
sounds like rotten cheese moldy cheese
curds all right so I talked enough
garment about these cheese curds I had
to give him a shot you know I mean yeah
I know we stopped it's fast food it's
greasy it's not healthy for you
but I'm digging the she's crazy we're
almost - we're almost to where we're
going I'm pretty excited to see downtown
Nashville I've never been to Nashville
yeah the only time I've ever been to
Tennessee is I went to me and Veronica
went to Pigeon Forge Gatlinburg area to
the Smoky Mountains we stayed in this
really awesome like cabin bitchin
porridge is really a cool place to go so
I'm really excited to actually see
Nashville the country or would you say
Nashville is the country music music us
the epicenter of all country music
not that I'm excited about country music
but Tom just told me I'm not allowed to
vlog in front of these people that were
that were filming when I was told about
any celebrity felt kind of long in front
of Kellie Pickler and it was like no
really I mainly know farty in front of
them
let's grab my shoes like I have a
problem with farty that's a film permit
right there that means we can do
whatever the heck we want yeah it's like
creative poetic justice like beat up
people nashville film permit i don't
think we've ever yes yeah this is the
first time we're doing anything right
yeah what's up dude one air high fives
high fives for making awesome videos
welcome to the crew moment
I see Convention Center it's off
it's curvy like a lady thank you no it's
model just like the regular walk trusty
that's a model same size same size I
should look Tom Harkin like the highest
level in this parking garage it's gonna
be go truck yeah hard to fit that thing
in anywhere Sony have toppled all camera
every time I do this is this is the
famous Broadway we can go Wigan one we
want we're crossing this is where the
Beatles on the famous album The Beatles
everything
not st. roch actually in case
you ever want to play street music this
is what you got to do right here put a
car battery and a power inverter
together dude that's genius
give me some tasty licks right here give
me some Hendrix
come to Nashville the place where every
other five feet and someone playing
music
I mean I went to ECC Shepherdsville
Kentucky Shepards beautiful this time of
year beautiful really I'll tell you what
this place is the epicenter of music
they call a music city Nashville
we've been out since 11:30 noon trying
to bust this one out but I don't think
we got it at all Tom we need more yeah
yeah well I mean we did travel here
today so in this garage it looks like
there's no floor here he's like wait a
minute we can't go this way Tom you it
all out bro
move it's a it's a four-star horseface
down
TripAdvisor for circle hmm nice hey man
I'll call the desk can I call the desk
yeah yeah kierra hooking it up with
faster internet speeds
everybody listen I want to tell you from
the bottom of my farts thank you so much
seriously
look there's at least 20,000 people that
are gonna be able to watch my vlogs now
because of your help well I'll watch on
your blog's she she what she's gonna go
to the vlog Channel so guys to want to
make sure because tomorrow's tomorrow
Zeppelin's gonna be all because of her
so I want you to say thank you so much -
Kiara for hooking this up the great Tom
may
go hang with people more important than
us apparently so we're gonna go have
something to eat at this place
recommended by the girl who fixed our
internet BB King and I hope it's good BB
King's good Dick's last resort oh I see
what's going off that BB King all-stars
our food actually this guy here check
this out
the chicken carbonara super good black
opinion over penne pasta you know
downtown Nashville nothing is boring so
check this out I ran into the bang this
twins you're gonna check them out on
YouTube they're they're famous for what
I mean what's your what's your slogan if
you don't bang it somebody will I'm
pretty good at karaoke but I never tried
to do it nude one thing I can hang
actually this is probably the strangest
alley I've ever walked down fiddling
steel guitar just keep going
what the heck you guys it you guys went
right through you're supposed to like
have fun with these rotating doors my
tom-toms going to bed
bricks ready for bed I'm honestly
actually ready for bed too so we're
gonna end this vlog up in this super
nice hotel room much-loved Tom for
hooking that up that's the end of the
line for today guys had a lot of fun and
we're gonna keep doing this tomorrow so
make sure you tune in thanks for
watching I will see you right back here
tomorrow
