what up I'm coming at you from
Cincinnati already two hours after my
drive already over headed to Kentucky
this is the beginning of what should be
a pretty awesome
enjoy the
finish up the rest of this Drive was a
really cool really quick gravel seat
finally we made it here we are Kentucky
I'll be at Tom's office in just a moment
what a drive for hours a long time the
car
hey come on my money you know me dang
look at all that one's it's good to be
back
it's good a happy back man yeah bye so
Brett and I are gonna take this when we
gotta drop this rental off I got about
20 minutes before it's due back and
if you don't get it back in time they'll
ding you for another day so that'd be
another 150 bucks
where's that robot lady in the Avis she
was like you know what brings you in
town and said yeah I'm working with Tom
mabe and she goes Tom mabe Bob and Tom
Tom made oh my ghoul Tom so exciting
apartment apartment yes
sound good made the king of pranks
because I'm not going got your nose
mm-hmm a little bit of coffee it turns
out that I was gonna come right into
town and start filming we were gonna
film a prank today but okay the weather
actually took a shit on us which really
sucks the weather sucks when we go to
Nashville out of uh no people are asking
hey I saw in your vlog Samsung says why
isn't Tom vlogging Tom any sleep haha
burger Tom and I are headed to the
grocery store to make something special
for dinner tonight what's it gonna be
what are you thinking honey baked spam
what do you think about the recent
weekend's events Tony Stewart the
accident with a sprint car race what's
your what's your take on uh well um the
way the video looked like I don't it
doesn't look like he did it on purpose
yeah because the cars are going so fast
but hmm um Tony shouldn't ran over him
but anyway but I thought the guy should
the guy should have got out of his car
and walked on the track while there was
other cars on track that's true if you
aren't aware this weekend there was a
sprint car race and Tony Stewart was one
of the drivers the driver the victim
yeah right he got spun out by Tony
Stewart Yeah right fuck and hit the wall
yeah and then his car was totaled so he
got out of the car in the middle of the
track and then started charging yeah the
opposite way on the racetrack pointing
at Tony Stewart waiting for him to come
back around Yeah right yeah and then the
guy died so josh is pulling on his
go-kart looks like it's the jocks car
brakes on the left gas on the right day
ha ha he just goes full gas go 3
barbecued chicken drumsticks corn and
salmon which dude look at that blackened
salmon it was so good
watches Tom mabe gets the ultimate
adjustment from his one and only
chiropractor there you go get it Tom
make funny noises while you're at it
she just barked thal Oh every dude on
you shower that dog is the devil we're
only staying here one night tomorrow
morning we go to Nashville which is
gonna be nice we're gonna stay in a
hotel I'm gonna have my own big bed
instead of the couch as for me I'm gonna
hit the sack because it's been a long
day it's a travel day we didn't really
get to do any filming because the
weather kind of took a crap on us so I
did get to upload my how-to tutorials
for Final Cut Pro X let me know your
feedback on that I know that some people
commented they want me to put it on
different channels but I want to keep I
want to keep all my stuff in one spot
and we'll put those videos on playlists
so that you can find them easily again
thanks so much for watching and
supporting me in the family so I love
you and I will see all of you right back
here tomorrow
