hey guys chase Gilroy here with a brand
new video training series I'm going to
show you guys all about how to use Final
Cut Pro X and the tricks and tips that
I've learned to get myself where I'm at
with the program today so without
further ado let's dive right in
alright so now what we're gonna do is
we're gonna open Final Cut Pro so
basically this tutorial is going to show
you we're gonna give you an overview of
what Final Cut Pro interface looks like
where you can find everything and how to
move about the workspace efficiently all
right first up top left we're gonna show
you up here is the this area is called
the libraries browser and libraries are
where you hold all your events a library
is is you can tell it's a library by the
Foursquare stars that's the library
Gilroy tutorials and then we have in the
library our event event is just a 1
square star and we're gonna do the
basics of Final Cut Pro X that's our
tutorial today so let me back out so
there's the libraries browser you can
close it by clicking this button here
so you don't have to see it or you can
leave it open and you can have options
like group clips by sorting by all that
different stuff play with those options
see what you like the best I like to
keep them default it works best for me
next right beside this area this this
area right here is called the event
browser and appropriately enough because
this is an event and once you click this
you'll see all of the video files that
are in that event ok now if you look
right here
this area is the the viewer what you see
in this panel is what's gonna display on
screen this is what is going to show
your video you have two different
options up here you can choose to zoom
in let me select a clip here
you can choose to zoom in whatever
percentage you want and then if you
click this little box here you can
scroll around it which is pretty handy
if you're doing like fine-tuning
keyframing stuff like that but it's
always good to once you start hit fit so
you can see everything that's going on
the frame all at once this little this
little light switch here gives you a
bunch of different things you can hit
show video scopes which shows you the
intensity of each color channel for that
clip you can also show angles which I'll
do a separate video on what exactly that
view is used for very cool very awesome
you're gonna want to know that so look
forward to that tutorial show both
fields haven't used that yet probably
never will and let's see yeah okay here
we go alright so you can choose the
quality better quality or better
performance the media you can choose to
show the optimized original or proxy
media and we'll get into that later and
you can also choose like the different
color channels if you'd rather see the
red color Channel the green color
channel you know different things like
that but obviously you want to see them
all for the purposes of editing pranks
you're probably not going to get into
messing with all of that kind of stuff
will keep it pretty basic I'll show you
how I I do a quick edit in a later video
okay now if you see this little button
right here we click this button this
pulls up your inspector and the
inspector obviously if you don't have
anything selected it's not going to show
you anything this is a it's an active
panel so that that means whatever your
whatever you have selected it's going to
show you properties for whatever you
have selected and it's a very very
useful panel I would recommend keeping
this panel open all the time only close
it to save space in the inspector panel
we've got a video clip selected and if
you hit nfo it's going to show you a
bunch of cool stuff it's going to show
you the duration it's going to show you
when it was
it's also going to show you the video
quality the audio sampling and and a
bunch of other key things and you can
put in you can put in your own notes and
metadata in here which is really really
nice it shows you down here where it's
at what event where it's at on the hard
drive and a bunch of other stuff really
useful panel there you can change a
bunch of stuff like the color the audio
you can mute it and this I'm just flying
through this because we don't want we
don't want to show too much of this
without going into greater detail at
this point we're just showing you a tour
of Final Cut Pro X so moving on I think
we got the basics of the the libraries
the event browser the viewer oh I did I
forgot to show you so also in the viewer
if you have a clip selected obviously we
can't really do anything with this
button here yet because we haven't
dragged our clip into the timeline and
we can't drag our clip into the timeline
because we haven't created a new project
so let me go ahead and do that now we'll
title this training and while I have
this dialog box open I can show you a
couple things so when you start a new
project the project is going to be your
main timeline for whatever video you're
trying to produce so we're gonna make a
video called training series whoops
these series well I can't spell okay
here we go
okay and we can choose what event to put
that in obviously we only have one event
inside of our library right now the
basics of Final Cut Pro X you can choose
when you're starting timecode is say if
you've if you've had your video clips
synced to a slate board that'll be
useful there and the video properties
you can set them based on the first
video clip you import or you can do
custom properties you can set your your
resolution format you can do that
and you can set your frame right over
here I always keep set based on first
video clip just to keep it congruent and
I always use the same camera so if you
use different cameras I would definitely
recommend doing a custom setup like this
but if you use the same camera for all
of it I would just choose this default
set based on first video clip the audio
and render properties I usually leave
that as default also but if you do
choose to go custom you can set your
different audio channels your sample
rate you can choose what you want and
then your render format I always changes
in the output settings but you can do it
here if you want to but or you could
just click and use automatic setting
pretty basic so for now we're gonna just
choose default set based on first video
clip we'll leave everything the way it
is and click OK so now you'll notice
inside of our event browser you got you
got your project and you can tell the
final cut gives you these little icons
that help you identify what these things
are and maybe I should mention you can
view this event browser two different
ways you can view it in the list like I
have it here or you can if you're if
you're privy to iMovie which I don't
really like you can you can view it as
film strips which I kind of I kind of
actually hate I hate it it's ugly so you
can have these film strips or whatever
but for my purposes I'm gonna use the
list because I think that's the bomb com
so now we have a project insider
training series and to be quite honest
you can have as many projects inside of
an event as you want so say we wanted to
create a new project just go up to file
and we'll go new and we'll go project
and we can call this one just for shits
and since we put it in that same event
we've got another project in there in
the same event and we can make two
different videos based on all of these
same clips that are in here okay so I
think we're ready to move on to the
timeline the timeline is down here at
the bottom obviously this is where all
your magic happens this is where every
part of your every clip you bring in its
gonna end up down here
whatever our playhead Scrubs across he's
going to be what shows up in the viewer
and what shows been in viewer is what
you see on-screen and your final product
so if I could show you quickly I'm just
gonna go ahead and drag down one of
these full clips I'm just gonna drag it
from here right down into the timeline
and I'm gonna drag another one right
beside it and I want you to notice what
happens if you drag a clip and try to
move it and let it go it's gonna snap
back into place
that's because Final Cut Pro 10 oops I
don't want you to see that yet Final Cut
Pro 10 uses what's called a magnetic
timeline and the magnetic timeline means
you can move things around but they're
always gonna stay but it up next to each
other we can also move things above the
timeline that's called an appended clip
or a cutaway or overlay whatever program
you're used to using and we can also
take audio files and drag them
underneath and you can put video files
underneath too it's really cool and
we'll get really in-depth in creating
you can create other storylines like say
this one's above the storyline you can
go say create storyline and we can have
two different storylines up here it says
this is a kind of an advanced technique
but we'll get it we'll get into that
later so basically what I've showed you
is our library panel we've got our event
browser and we've got our viewer and
we've got our inspector panel far right
over here and then
our time line down below you will use
every single one of these panels when
you start editing in Final Cut and each
one of them are powerful in their own
regard and you'll need to know how to
utilize each of them independently to
maximize your workflow efficiency in the
next tutorial I'm going to show you how
to import your media files and where
they're all stored on the computer I
know that might seem redundant but it's
actually quite important when you start
when you start gathering a bunch of
media files and clogging up your
computer that's about it for this
tutorial guys thanks so much for
watching leave all your comments in the
comment section below
hit that like and subscribe button and
we'll see all of you right back here
next time take your camera and you're
going to secure it to your box so we're
gonna use velcro that you can buy at the
grocery store or whatever then we're
gonna stick the velcro
