good day to you me and Veronica are out
and about because listen there's the
good news tell them the good news tell
me good news all right I'll tell you we
just we just got done at a meeting with
our our our soon-to-be ex landlords
about buying the property where we live
we're gonna buy the house so not only
are we gonna buy that house we're gonna
buy the other property right next to us
to eventually maybe not right now but
it's gonna happen we're gonna own that
whole little corner where we live that's
gonna become residual income for us and
if you know anything about like owning
properties that's gonna be super super
advantageous so that's something really
exciting that we've dealt with today
Veronica doesn't feel very good
Colin's birthday party is tomorrow so we
are in town now getting supplies for the
birthday party we got to get some
presents and we're just gonna we're just
having fun just being us you know when I
call her this morning I said what are
you really what does your little heart
desire oh crap we have to we have to
sign some papers before we can go get a
puppy the goal is to Colin wants Lego
you just he's crazy on Lego so we want
to use like pans like this to make Lego
bricks and use like either cupcakes or
Oreos to do the bumps that you see on
LEGO bricks you know like the I'm gonna
call them nipples are you helping me
with this
normally I do cakes but yeah I'll help
you out I be doing
would you believe Party City the party
super store doesn't have officially
licensed Lego merchandise I don't
believe you can buy officially licensed
Lego merchandise anywhere so yeah well
like a movie yet why why why Lego come
on you're you're ruining my son's
birthday so we're here at the best place
on earth Toys R Us where a kid can be a
kid inside one door right out the other
it's just like that no we can't show you
we can't show you or buying because
Colin watches these videos and he'll
clearly see what he's getting tomorrow
Walter be published tomorrow and by the
time he sees it it'll be up anyway look
check it out it's the lego movie stuff
lego movie stuff president business and
the metal beard guy you wouldn't believe
how expensive Legos are it's such a
ripoff oh my gosh next order of business
today is for me to do an oil change on
the Jeep I know I've got like three
different things of 5w 20 so I'm just
gonna use them up I didn't need to buy
all the oil I had to buy was the oil
filter and you go fool you girlfriend
when you get oil filters they got the
nice little rubber on the end that you
can grip and just take it off with your
hands which is really nice
been home for a while now we are
cleaning getting everything ready for
this birthday party tomorrow dishes are
done I'm working on laundry I'm gonna
sweep him up get all the rest of scrap
cleaned up cheese
been working on the garage the excellent
looks boom very very very nice I'm gonna
go through all the shoes there but he's
out here cleaning up the flowerbed for
me I've had a weed garden yet I got me
this thing don't be afraid to get dirty
you gotta get dirty once in a while
yep it'll freeze that water's cold
doesn't your dare and wipe out having
fun on it there's your fun smell on you
yeah most certainly is that's not I got
your camera and don't you dare spray me
don't you dare no funny not funny
oh the garage is all clean this is one
of especially Colin's favorite things to
do is just ride
usually does some burnouts and whoa yep
Goodin here to look at the microwave
look Bronk just freakin spick-and-span
the microwave
that's a Burke's pot and that's a burn
spot you see that oh what'd you put in
there it's burnt up sub Bart Berta Berta
no smell my armpit smell it I'm gonna go
upstairs and take a shower because I'm
covered in spider webs and you sure you
saw the the garage it looks fantastic
we got people coming over tomorrow so we
gotta I had to do the yeah and I'm
leaving Monday I'm leaving Monday I'm
going back to film some more epicness
with Tom made in Louisville Kentucky
which is really fun I always look
forward to working with Tom after that
well it's gonna be surprises
it'll be a surprise what happens after I
go work with Tom but for now for right
now I'm gonna go take a shower because I
feel like really really really it's
almost 11 o'clock and Veronica's still
still at it I'm proud of it really
tonight yeah
talk about procrastination you Veronica
take the prize what you think guys you
like my shoes you like my new shoes or
what I think they're dope I was worried
I wouldn't like a pair of red shoes look
I'm a rock then Veronica and I was just
talking about what I'm taking all my
stuff in like I'm gonna be going for a
while so I need a bigger bag like a
luggage and I don't have anything all I
have is like this pack or the bag that I
took to LA in December and it's not big
enough so I need to go get something
else and Veronica's gonna be up baking
cakes for a while
so I'm going to Walmart you know me I
like that black check it out I took it
this black bag pretty cool right I
should hold all my crap I just got home
from Omar and look at this
after all it is 12:30 so we actually
have a really big day planned tomorrow
combs birthday party is gonna be super
cool so make sure you check that out
we're gonna get some I'm gonna join the
others and we're gonna get some rest so
I will see all of you
right back here
you
