all right guys it's early in the morning
it's the day that Collins will take out
his own first to let me see wait wait
remember you got to do it like a
band-aid juice bar look fast and quick
his tooth is definitely a don't know
stands till his tooth is definitely
loose you can see the one behind it you
want to pull it out you want me to pull
it out yeah you do it you do show me
show me the big three pull it quick
it's like self-destruction like you
didn't get
yeah just village like a band-aid what
are you gonna pull a cork like you're
like this all right what-whatever we
should do we should do it on the rocket
point yeah I've gotta he's just trying
to give you some advice doesn't buy get
one thank you one two three I pull like
that yeah really hard really fast
I can't ha ha
so I had to do it I just got out of
Walgreens talk to the pharmacist I got
so much like congestion and everything
going on my voice sounds funny so she
hooked me up with some claritin some
stupid Fed fix me up my nose out of
control out of control
I need to feel better I really do so I'm
gonna take some of that and then I'm
gonna go get my hair cut and I'm gonna
find a pair of new shoes and then I
gotta do an oil change on the Jeep
needless to say I feel like crap and I
don't want to do nothing but I got a lot
too
update airplay I'll go in here for like
ten minutes
I didn't even see me right beside you oh
I gotta leave town to go to Kentucky
Veronica's taking a jeep I need to find
a car drive down there because my car
isn't very it isn't very safe and I
think we're gonna rent a car I need to
find a new pair of shoes these guys are
getting old looking old I need some new
kicks I'm gonna get a red one the red
vans shake it up a bit I've never had a
red pair of shoes and this guy's
probably like what are you talking to
you it just looks like I went to one
spot and found the right pair of shoes
but in reality I had to go to all five
different shoe spots in this mall how to
make a quick pit stop here at Papa boos
out on the lake oh yeah when I went to
visit Sonny last week I left my charger
at her house so and she works here so
she brought it here for me unfortunately
she left already but it's uh it's behind
the bar it's behind the bar waiting for
me so I had to check out for a minute
and get my vlogs uploaded even if I miss
a day I'll go back and still edit the
footage and put up a combo vlog which is
what you're getting today yesterday I
feel so crappy man I got so much going
on and I feel like poop and I'm trying
to get all kinds of stuff done and still
sticking to my vlog channel which is
because I love you guys I do not as much
as I love Veronica fair right there she
just got back with the kids I guess
we're having a sleepover tonight
Oh weekend all weekend uh-uh I just
wanted to have some quality time fine no
hopes keep our kids occupied or I want
the kids attention too I'm gonna
so
yeah and just like that it's the next
day I felt so bad less and then the
night times I start feeling really
really bad right now
I don't know why my throat my nose my I
feel like Veronica feels so I gotta go
get her some food some breakfast so she
can move past her morning sickness today
and we'll get this new vlog started so
that's all for us today guys I will see
you right back here tomorrow
