what is up guys welcome to today's video
I'm starting kinda later in the
afternoon because I have been drilling
on this imagine dragons believer make
the cut
contest entry it's going really good
I don't know I don't think I can show
you what I'm working on in the vlogs
I'll be sure to share the link with you
of the submission because there is a fan
favorite category and I'm sure you guys
could definitely help me out in that
department so I'll let you know when I
submit it yeah that's that's uh that's
that's that's that's again I like to say
everyone give you a big fat shout-out in
the comment section or yesterday's video
all right because you did so well on
your drum your drum solo session deal
was awesome get away from the computer I
literally have to rip myself away from
that and I realize they use the word
literally a lot but I'm trying to edit
this and put everything I've got into it
because it's a contest right and the
competitive part of me is coming out and
I want to win like I believe in my soul
that I have the talent to win this thing
and I've literally spent all day on it
there's that word again you believe in
my soul nice dude yeah yeah seriously
I'm trying to put every technique that
I've ever learned it's editing into this
one video and that includes like speed
ramping opacity changes key framing
layering timing everything everything
that I've learned in editing I'm trying
to put into this one video and I think
it's going to show through so I can't
wait for you guys to see it and I had a
completely different plan for today's
video it was going to be a lot of fun
and it's kind of like a food you know
like sweetie I don't want to spoil it
yet but the place to find these things
is closed on Mondays so we have to
postpone it pick the stuff up tomorrow
so instead today we're going to go
upstairs and get
hey we're gonna get Lisey from the nap
icky did you have a good nap look at
your hair holy cow anyway get a lineup
and play and we have to run in town to
get some potatoes because me and the
boys are going to have a little bit of
fun with potato gun Atta girl you got
here by a baby on your belly
I'll show me how that works whoa nice
holy morning good job like that
difference in these kids in in public
like in the real world and then this
little girl look oh well yes oh you like
that the cat litter there what was it
like being back at school in vacation
oh that like good oh really
should we do that you're supposed to
fear from the list anymore
boy that's a carpet shampooer my dear
okay so we've got my kids and we picked
up another this is my buddy from school
he's just like I'm coming with you and
as long as like yeah it's fine and I'm
like let's go we might have an issue
here because our back into work is not
open right it's like old hairspray
gunked-up stuck I don't know if I can
get it let's go
don't let it spin let it spin
no we got it yeah we got it
all right no they're still good yep oh
wow honey guys you got the stuff from
Home Depot
something like that I want to urge you
guys now listen kids this is something
to be done with adults only okay I just
thought it would be cool to show you
guys how far we can lob a potato into
that cornfield over there no I am you
guys help me I remember just well I'll
shoot it over the tree yeah so remember
guys if you get your hand those potatoes
on promise me that you won't use it or
try and do anything with it without mom
or dad first things first we got to load
it with the potato you know what else we
need ooh these are big potatoes I need
to mod this gun still - we haven't
tapered the edge of it that makes
putting the potatoes in a lot easier but
we need like we need like a like a
broomstick go give me that that pole
over there
I asked there we go
all right everyone stand over there by
the garage guys going to show you the
launching of the potato here we go
like I said the kids don't ever want to
do this without your parents okay but it
definitely is pretty cool to see
potatoes fly okay okay ready go
three two one whoa we got the tree what
do you think how was it okay so we're
going to try and go for over the trees
whatever you want radiant
hold on I'll do that I'll do that where
look at that that's immediate for making
it a little cheese is that your special
ingredient that's the that's I think we
only have time for one more launch
because it's starting to rain and then
maybe
yes we can do game terms for you on game
time
oh yeah yeah he was a quickly waiver
yeah Aiden's mom knew we were coming to
shoot it again she's like God fun
everyone clear yes oh I got that I got
that that was cool of it I guys that was
awesome that potato clear the tree is
easy what's it smell like
hairspray no what happened Liza wait a
second what happened did you hurt your
ear
one second lively as time is losin where
where you guys going sit the reason I
pulled out the gun today is because I
want to make sure that everything is
still in order I do have a little bit of
modifications to add to this but the
next nice day I have a very fun video
that we're going to do kind of like a
challenge video and it should assure and
plenty the creation of some more of
these things so I hope you guys are
ready for that it's gonna be really
really fun
let's go Liza on your back okay that's
probably safer we had to put the potato
longer away look when's the last time we
were in here it's it's still here it's
totally still here
Oh Liza actually I need to come out here
later to fix bronze has given me grease
the other day about that other vlog
camera that would have been broken
forever I have a new lens to put on it
but it's a very difficult repair so I'm
going to try to attempt that tonight so
when she goes away this week she'll be
able to send me vlog clips from her
perspective as well which will be fun
I'm sure
that's right girls I can do it all and
as a matter of fact Broncos left me to
my own devices for not only today
probably tomorrow but all of Wednesday
Thursday Friday Saturday and Sunday but
no worries
I am a man who loves a great challenge
and this week will be exactly that daddy
as you can see any task that I tried to
accomplish this week is going to be
pretty much impossible but it means
that'll be us opener there that much
more of a challenge I made too much
leftover spaghetti for tomorrow kids
hey-oh
Colin went to the shower good
right here right when he opens the door
we're gonna Cara okay
oh you Nikki it's that towel on boy go
get your PJs oh my gosh you guys take
forever don't work it'll scar you for
life
do you mind warning hurry up and get out
are you ready for bed to go in there
just like I just brought into the other
day bucket of cold water I know
Carson will literally flip his hair
score more amazing talented wonderful
what else to say Oh crazy talents the
children you have there Gilroy Congrats
to those who work with him these kids
have an amazing future pulling their
singer of a father Gilroy dude you guys
are wicked flippin awesome for putting
so much love and positivity in the
comments today and that's what it's all
about having a positive community like
that you know what up side yeah yeah so
you can start playing every week now
yeah I'm sure Matt would like that it's
time for bed and you guys want to tell
the gladiator fam good night good night
I'm gonna say good night little some
sucker
oh look there's Veronica guys yeah
Bronson all day long all of this guy
says good night
echo says good night super busy oh whoa
yeah well it's been about two and two
hours 10 minutes repairing the old vlog
camera and I've already tested it it
works it comes out and everything I
can't show you now because this matter
isn't charged daddy uses very putt I
went to pick up the old lens right and
I'm kind of stash it and I made a grave
mistake I missed something I'm going to
have to take it apart now I did not film
any of this fix because I didn't know if
I would be able to do it right and I did
it all except for
or these three metal pieces I didn't
transfer them over to the new lens and
there's also this rubber seal which I'm
assuming is like to keep dust away from
the sensor and then get that out either
so the good news is I'll probably be
able to film how to replace your lens in
arx100 mark three because I know how to
get in there and pull everything out and
everything but I have to go all the way
down to the lens again I'll probably do
that sometime this week when I have some
free time and yeah I think that's pretty
much where I'm going to leave you guys
for today I got to get some more editing
done on the imagine dragons video I
can't wait to finish that thing it is
looking pretty sick I wish I could show
you in the vlogs but I'm pretty sure
it'd be a copyright issue so we can't do
that that's my friends is where I will
leave you for today
well thank you so much for watching I
can't wait to see you right back here
tomorrow
