good morning everybody say good morning
Carson I am getting ready to head out
because I'm going to Cincinnati to film
with my good friend Dennis Roady I gotta
make my cups of coffee and get the heck
out of here because I am running a
little behind so I'm taking two with me
for pickup you drink two cups of coffee
in the morning it's almost a guarantee
you're not gonna make it two hours on
the road but I'm doing pretty good on
time I only have two so this is my first
stop I got pee so bad and you know what
I feel like I'm starting to get a sore
throat
I just got the Dennises take a shower
you thought I'd be clever I've walked in
the door first thing and I got a pee I
set my camera here here my GoPro I come
out from the bathroom it's gone I did it
starting already
all right but I ain't no chump I found
it just trying to hide it from me no I
was gonna say where's my stinky GoPro
dude where's my GoPro you hid it
where's my girl probably put it right
here I can't even be here five minutes
and you're already hiding my come
on bro it's for you I know better this
is Dennis Rody's house you mean the
Bermuda Triangle ha ha it's about time
to start filming in Busta Nelson badass
cliffs right Denny that's right Brooke
Denis then it takes a lot of time to
actually get ready yeah all right just
Jason Jason we're going back and forth
like some kind of t-shirt idea for what
is appropriate for my channel is it okay
if I say under keep on your Channel
right not one of those so chase shows me
a image right and it's like Gilroy blogs
clean nice looks good I'm like well
that'd be a great channel banner maybe
you give this he's like no you don't
make t-shirts then some mrs. gilworth
look but I gotta make a shirt of
something that people already done chase
goes well I was thinking about using
chase it yeah it's like usually when I
can't vlog somewhere I just point
straight up to the sky one of the best
things about filming with Dennis Roady
is the fluidity like I started filming
with these guys right and it's like I
love that I don't have to tell you what
to do yeah a patrolman we film the death
in cars video I don't let me film you
know where the cups are you know where
the faucet is
he'd go back to bed today family dollar
trying to get supplies for this little
bit we're doing - it's a how to pray
know what we're doing both we're gonna
do a deeds video and how to prank today
which I'm super excited about your desk
must be low on index cards yeah it's how
he keeps like he doesn't use his phone
to do reminders actually this is my
lunch
that's how champions eat oh look at you
least yours has coconut sugar got an
almond joy I love coconut understood
good love coconut D then this 150 he
parked at D Ford in II just don't forget
dude if we get raped or murdered this is
totally your fault this is it again
every time we come here we come to
Fountain Square this must be the most
popular place to film well I'll tell you
what it is beautiful you're like right
in the middle of all all this downtown
busyness
big giant buildings big water fountain
lots of people buddy I've been seeing
you with that ball day you got wicked
skills let let me see your best work
this guy's doing it in a suit no I can
do it that's mad props
yes Oh dance that's awesome bro
you're doing good enough you're doing
better than me high five bro what's your
name Mike I'm chase good work on the
ball dude yeah dude when's the last time
you hopped in a you know a street
version of soccer football yeah Tracy's
cooking dinner right now
I'll do that I'll do that trying to
figure out who this old guy is this
follow me it won't leave me alone
I boarded that came on my face to
you get away from me here we are back in
the labyrinth yeah we're gonna find the
car
Tracy good what have you got going on in
here this guy brings chickens hold my
English Tracey explain your dish explain
the dish monster cheese with chicken and
chicken broth okay veggies and veggies
so healthy and not healthy there's an
amazing cook that was delicious thank
you you should don't totally do a
tutorial how to make that food these
people will love that if I if I tell my
viewers that something was delicious
they want to know how it went when we
show them how to cook food all the time
how we do our something they love it
right so tell her in the comments tell
Tracy you don't show Rita tell Tracy
that she need you want to see a tutorial
on her monster chicken she's a good cook
she's a good cook she cooks for the
whole family yeah I know you're like a
to Mike we're going to my concept
there's aka hijinks entertainment aka
crazy 8k yeah Mike Mike did
that chicken the rooster and we get to
call him him what's the title of it his
pet chicken hotel prank it is seriously
funny he takes a box of chickens into
hotels and tries to check in and get you
know space for his chickens which is
freaking hilarious just you have to look
it up high jinks entertainment it's
super super funny
oh really it's not for self-defense
do the police know yes please and cut
all the weeds down what up there's not
dog and how do you see it so crazy I
love it you dumb place boom monster
that's how we get things done and that's
how you film epic battles all day long
by using monster monster monster monster
haha so we're getting ready to film a
really cool how-to video for Dennis's
channel it's gonna be really valuable
for all you guys to watch so make sure
you you hit it up how to crank it up
we're gonna teach you the tricks that
we've learned but mostly my expertise in
operating the camera comes into play
here right we're gonna show you how to
hide cameras off I'm gonna show you you
know just basically how to prank I'm
gonna show you how to film France look
at this it's like a it's like a it's
like a vomit it's a couple vomit that's
what it looks like
look at this it's like a it's like a
it's like a vomit it's a couple vomit
that's what it looks like it's my first
taste Cheers
whoa bro it tastes like mud this is
different I thought you know not no way
I'm not trying look at that doesn't even
like looks like sloppy joes dude you
know what happened was in the middle of
shooting this how to pray we actually
went way out and left field and started
talking about this new prank idea which
we might shoot tomorrow is awesome dude
it's groundbreaking my concept it's the
most relevant video that you could
probably think of to pretty well yeah
yeah yeah
everyone's been sending me messages yo
dude how to prank using the camera
equipment so I cook the expert mmm an
expert camera guy give work vlogs we did
how to prank we show your cameras which
showed me the mics we use we showed you
how we hire them we showed you how we
use them so get ready it's gonna be a
good how to break a my buddy Mike asked
me what camera should I get and I told
him he's accident we got ya right there
right there's mics camera there's
Dennis's same camera problem the problem
was though he's not enough this video to
watch before you get so have my videos
audios terrible everything else yeah
yeah yeah he actually learned right here
with us how to properly synchronizes
microphones and a couple other audio
adjustments on his camera so it was like
beneficial to him sitting here now oh
you're white are you doing tonight we
come over here and film he's like what
do you want to film so we're doing
how-to pranks and how to use a lot of
camera yeah please dude I'm still here
which obviously means I didn't go home
last night
my possible video I apologize for my
uploads being super late and off
schedule because I'm busy I'm traveling
and getting stuff done
look at this glorious breakfast - Tracy
made eggs Guetta almonds apples fruit if
you don't know what get is I I'm gonna
let Dennis explain it because it's it's
a weird weird good it's good I didn't
like it at first but it doesn't grow on
me all this is sausage mix with oats
millions it's like a patty the best
that's the end of the line today guys I
will see you right back here
