good morning everybody I wanted to start
I want to start today off by doing
something nice for mommy okay mommy went
to work the house exactly you've got it
so mommy's at work right now I was
supposed to go to Cincinnati today but
we've had a little delay so I have the
whole day free we've been busy a lot
lately our house is kind of messy want
mommy to come home and be super glad
that she doesn't have to touch anything
she's gonna be able to come home eat
dinner and just sit down and relax I'm
gonna do the dishes we're gonna do
laundry we're gonna go to the store and
get a nice meal for mommy for which it
comes home from work what do you say we
get started and knock this little
project out of the park
oh I got all the house clean I got all
the laundry done everything looks
beautiful I'm gonna go grab something
for dinner and then come home and cook
it she should be home within about about
an hour so me and the boys we're gonna
go to the store and find something good
to eat
here's one to make for Veronica it's
going to be a twist to our penne pasta
bake right so it's going to be penne
pasta alfredo sauce chicken it's going
to be like a sun-dried tomato roasted
red pepper chicken alfredo baked with na
pasta all right so before we can do
anything at all we got to marinade the
chicken and it's a thirty minute
marinade so we got to put chicken in the
dish and put the sauce all over it get
it all squished up together and let it
sit for 30 minutes in the fridge a nice
Italian salad with croutons and Italian
dressing for the main course we have a
sun-dried tomato basil marinated chicken
too what we'll do is we'll cook the
chicken we'll put it all together with
the alfredo sauce roasted red peppers
and the penne pasta and bake it in the
oven at 375 degrees for about 20 to 30
minutes what we need to do first is get
the pasta boiling so you got to start
with filling up your pot water so let's
do the we're going to trim up these red
peppers first want to cut them into like
small slivers so that they're manageable
with your fork then you want to cut up
your chicken into probably little
quarter inch size half inch size bites
what we'll do with the chicken is we
need to fry it we need to fry it on the
stove so that it cooks most of the way
through and we'll finish it up in the
oven Oh
I wish you guys could smell this it
smells delicious
good and dump in our penne pasta don't
be shy either just pour it in pour it in
I don't want to carry over a lot of this
juice into our pasta bait cause I'll
just spoon the chicken and the and the
bell peppers in that way we don't carry
over a lot that red sauce you need a
dish something like this all right and
what we need to do now is drain the
noodles put our thing in there arrange
the needle goes in first spoon in our
chicken
stur ski sauce all down inside there
this way we can tell how much more sauce
we need I like it really really really
saucy so does wrong it's looking like a
winter already cover that bad boy with
cheese mozzarella cheese now all that's
left to do plop that bad boy in the oven
and wait for heaven it's been about 20
minutes who's ready for some absolute
awesomeness
you ready check this out oh the look how
good that looks all right so there you
have it so this is our sun-dried tomato
roasted red pepper chicken alfredo baked
dinner is ready and I think we timed
that just perfectly because Veronica
should be pulling in any second now you
want to hold the flower behind your back
yeah Carson found this flower especially
for mommy it's a rose hey mommy I'm
beautiful bro you got your beautiful
rose welcome home honey
it smells beautiful what welcome home to
your beautifully clean house oh did you
clean everything all clean for you look
at this dinner I made for you look at
this Oh smells yummy
hmm yeah that's - get out Fredo
hey mommy excited are you hungry
yeah yeah look at the just look at this
oh my goodness look at this guys this is
what this is what family is all about
coming together at the end of the day
eating a delicious dinner what do you
think guys how's it look good what's the
only wait till you see what's for
dessert hey she's gonna go sit on the
chair and relax for a while and uh I
gotta edit I still gotta edit
yesterday's video I spent all day
cleaning up around here
I put editing to last plus I wanted to
give you guys a while to catch up on
yesterday's Tuesday mmm mommy's gonna
relax daddy's gonna edit not that I'd
take a quick break from editing to have
some delicious treats I don't know what
you guys know about tiramisu let's hear
em sooo it's one of the most delicious
Italian treats that you could ever eat
and I love it I love it
are you feeling better honey no no
you're such a good son Colin my kids are
the best and they are
it's the best way to start the day right
there big fat giant cup of coffee loaded
with cream and sugar I got to get ready
to leave because I'm going to see a
little special somebody that's two hours
away and would be surprised you have to
watch tomorrow to find out that's the
end of line for today I will see you
right back here tomorrow
