hey boys are you guys ready for an
adventure yeah
you've never been canoeing before right
what so today's your first time are you
ready to have an awesome time on the
river yes all right
they're pretty big you want to go find
out all right let's go baby let's go for
the viewers explain to them what a canoe
is a queue is a type of boat as little
stew seeds and some room to put all your
stuff in we will be canoeing for about
two hours let me do it first let me tell
you something Veronica gets very very
carsick
and once you start seeing carsick
what
get out of the car Thank You grumpy and
it's multiply it because she's pregnant
what I can't believe is that Veronica
wants to go to new pregnancy
why not you go all out on adventure day
look at this look at this crap crack do
you see the crack yeah you saw the crack
you got a cheerio dude that's gonna be
so good when you suck that down yeah
watch the pure happiness on the child's
face as he ingests the first bit of cold
frozen deliciousness
look who's driving now Bronx like stop
pull over
it's just much better if you guys ban
that way they're leaving
but yeah this is it this is the popular
thing to do on Sundays you guys I hope
you're ready to have a super awesome
time yeah
ah let's do this this is the end of the
river where we'll end up
but it's a really chill calm cool little
River Creek do you call it a creek
that's gonna be us guys that's how big
they are
yeah all right you guys got your job to
go I knew that yeah but see my face
outwards okay and there's a lot of
comfortable yeah boy yeah like Jackie
dude yeah it's got fuzz on there
awesome you ready yeah okay got a paddle
now we got to go catch a bus we actually
make life jackets first we have never we
have to have them where they act we
don't have to wear them they just have
to be in here where we're good okay we
gotta get life jackets we should
actually use the bathroom first before
we get out on the river it's always a
good idea and then we catch a bus up to
the drop of salt they dropped us off in
the middle of nowhere on the side of the
river with nothing but our kayaks in our
in our paddles there's our bus right
there Carson Carson he's right in there
yeah
Carson has to take a dump
but you can't I don't know he's gonna be
done this is time to go all right here
what my song about race these people
didn't realize they got on the bus with
a blogger hey you guys okay was being on
YouTube right okay okay good no this is
a case of family show let's go dude he
does it himself the other livery they
take to people every trip so they can
call us on love really handsy thanks
dude
we'll see you later yes so we opted for
trip to which just so happens to be like
a four-hour trip or no worries because
we're gonna conquer it like beasts right
boys on this one yeah
good helping the water no sweep
everything first - check this out we
found this spa the guy told us before we
launch that there's a cool place called
the rock bridge it's two minutes of this
little trail so we've parked our canoe
and we're gonna do a little walk a
little walk upon nature preserve mmm
it's a natural nothing great nice here's
my question what's gonna happen when we
come back and someone just jacked
straight jacked our canoe should be
careful don't slip don't slip hey you
stay up here it's a rock bridge we think
I have to go you can go over it yeah I
think we should definitely walk over it
dude this is the coolest rock bridge do
we jump up and down on it you're feeling
a little queasy are you kidding me our
hike the other way for this yeah that's
awful
Wow there's our dog friends hey I
brought this little pouch just called a
beach buoy it's 100% waterproof it's
used to put your phone in you know while
you're at the beach but I put my phone
in my camera and just in case we don't
get wet knowing me Normie hey sounds
good what you want me to pick you up
there or something
go ahead well we'll stop and get you
with the boat okay yeah I made it
hmm you're awesome
mm-hmm these guys did it right they
packed a little radio in there
- all right Carson pull us out Oh see
you need daddy's help they tried to do
without daddy so they wanted to do it
all right here we go ready
good job no you get in on the shallow in
the Sun hey hutch right here Carson
Carson what what are you doing you did
Lord
sit down middle and that's it and then
you use your paddles yeah and then daddy
helps in the back that's how we do that
you call it rock what we're using for
bait all right here's the deal a lot of
people come out here to Goku brewing
which is basically piling a floatable
cooler with beer and liquor and whatever
else you want to drink and just floating
on this river all the way down and we
used to do that but it's a little
different to dynamic now because we're
here with no beer pregnant wife and two
kids
it's still fun I get to train him how to
canoe so when it's time for him to
Cabrillo you can even be a champion
I'd say that we had a pretty dang
righteous first time good noon with the
boys hey we've got turned off yeah it's
awesome
I would highly recommend this place it's
a good time for sure you need a shirt
wet on the river and you don't have
portable dryer in your back pocket this
is one way to do it
when you were a little baby we lived in
this little summer or this Summerford
square these apartment complexes way
back there blank and you miss it
so small so soft when they were both
yeah we had both of them before we moved
into our current house you can only
imagine how crammed it was and it was a
two-bedroom apartment super small I
think it was only like 900 square feet
there's a little guy fan
we had the old dead battery
Dondon ah better is dead Sonny so I
didn't get to film anything I'm pretty
much not at this point in the evening
we're back home it's been a couple hours
and I think it's safe to say everyone is
ready for bed you ready for bed together
okay that sounds good it's all good are
you tired - dude you ready for bed yeah
you know alright guys so thanks for
coming on our super fun first canoe
adventure with the boys they had total
blast right yeah it's cool it was so
awesome so that's about the end of the
line for us today everyone's tired we're
going to get some rest we will see all
of you right back here tonight tomorrow
