good morning guys it is still morning
I have woke up pretty dang early today
and you know what it's like just before
lunch and I didn't know what to do so
guess what I'm going Tim Hortons man get
a delicious iced cappuccino with the
maple biscuit yeah
maple biscuit breakfast sandwich oh it's
my mom's birthday party today so we're
getting geared up to that
Veronica's gonna go finish making some
cracks with boys and I gotta go into
town and pick up Dallas uncle Dallas you
guys ready it's 3:15 that's the numbers
money we'll see you see your high ball
that was huge dude I'll seem a little
bit
yeah I know all right guys I am actually
kind of forgot to vlog for a minute we
are doing a project for gingers birthday
we're going for cake and ice cream today
so we're just gonna do some small kids
we did have other plans but Silas is mad
oh my god oh how cute and we'll dress it
up a little more it's gonna be awesome
okay with the older kids now thinking I
speak yeah I'm gonna paint our feet
so painting our toes and feet rather
going right here and means leave a space
underneath that fur yeah right by these
leaves there we go big old foot wait
y'all do this side
oh we're gonna leave it outside where
there's no pain you ready
we still have Asher's feet to put on it
once we get to the party cuz we're
meeting him there I'm dressing up a
little more so I'm very cute alright I'm
ready to bounce I came up with this
genius idea last year my mom's birthday
she she tied me in the face pretty good
at this carnival we threw for her so I
thought they were you propria for me to
just keep the tradition going this year
you know what I mean so I'm gonna go
pick up a pie and I'm anticipating
meeting in a distraction so I still have
this big giant smoke ball Dallas is
working at the pole
so I guess I gotta pick him up at work
right there's where he's working boom do
it down I'm so proud of him man he got
himself a job got him a girlfriend he's
looking up for that kid looking up
around you need a ride or some fucking
queer watch your mouth those kids
watching
I guess driving like an idiot is it it's
a very good either he smell like updog
good yeah yeah guess what we're gonna
we're gonna do a little
we're gonna do a little smooth move on
mom
how so so I'm gonna get her a card right
and very little inside the card I'm
gonna write you should probably duck or
something like that or watch out or
something like that really small so
she's got to like get up on it and then
right when she's up close to the car
have a pie ready right behind it and
smashing the face with a pie what do you
think so we're gonna go up here to
Kroger get some supplies a card and
we make this thing work that was getting
mom flowers and I'm I'm looking for five
tends to hit her in case haha right here
man
lucky for me there's a really nice lady
that's working in the bakery and she's
decided to help me out with setting this
up before we leave the store it should
be a big help because I'm kinda in a
hurry
this little birthday present I promise
you will never have tasted so good you
got to get the I see you got to put it
in the piping bag and then we're gonna
fill this little tray with it that's
gonna be so good
looks like I bought it it looks like I
bought just a regular pie said mom I got
you some some we could probably play
that off this banana cream pie
you can keep the rest that's my souvenir
to you this is gonna be awesome
our heavy artillery is ready Teresa
thank you so much
and I wrote just kidding haha this card
is just a distraction to hide the real
prize better duck it's very very small
you can barely even read it so oh I
better I better add a happy birthday at
least yeah look I made grandma up hi
careful here we are at the plot hey
we're at the party dad what are you
making burgers burgers and dogs I
brought mom a pie I made it myself
chocolate it's chocolate pudding pie
yeah I brought dessert well Jesus I
didn't know there is gonna be that much
dessert I made you one special chocolate
pudding why you like that right yeah
you're gonna love this one
happy birthday mom
Oh
team whole house is alive everyone's
high burn loud suffer for this girl
she's definitely passed up look at this
this is how packed our kitchen gets to
little baby boys my sister's baby and my
brother's baby in here soon they'll be
quite bigger
yeah I'm sure I'm sure they're stinking
cute stinking cute little stinker they
got a special present for you Graham
it's feet from everyone
was yours how feet look like how you
need to get a frame one alright we're
getting really do kick your ice cream I
set up the GoPro in there she can see it
so hopefully this goes well under them
backfire on me but it's go time
I'm sure make sexy oh you like my
glasses what what does it say so this
card is just a distraction I'm surprised
you better duck
whoa
it's hard people that have five six
seven then I alright everyone else out
we gotta clean it up so we can do take
an ice cream what's the matter
we got ice cream everywhere who guys
think everywhere we you everyone jumped
in on I didn't touch it
you're lucky you didn't get nothing okay
let me skip some of them no don't you
dare I have your camera don't you dare
don't net he's definitely 700 real the
beyond be honest you had fun you're not
mad that was awesome all right I know
those awesome last year they got this
year everybody got this year they got
last year you know for a second there I
thought it was gonna turn into an
all-out fight knock-down drag-out brawl
food fight nice and people cuz there's
plenty I had to buy two tubs of icing to
fill that pie pan two tubs yeah yeah
it's not sticky like registered Gilroy
is king let it be nom
you better wait one second person you
just missed happy birthday it's all
right we'll do it again just for you
well the lady at Kroger couldn't believe
that she was helping me through this and
see I told ya she was gonna have fun
with it drops in here talking and then
she got sprayed I look over my shoulder
and drunk is out here just no non you
ain't foolin nobody there's plenty of
corn honey you can have all the corn you
want doing good care of this this little
guy girl it's that time of night guys
we're going home we've had a lot of fun
today
mama had fun for your birthday I hope I
hope I hope I made it fun for you Shawna
did you bag the rest that was there was
it gone it was gone she just was like I
don't care what he said still man
let's cut this in half in case your dad
want someone ever take the quarter with
you go ahead it's your house your own
moment we're going home bye dad hi mom
hi Shawna happy birthday have fun
Suns don't give their moms kisses enough
anymore guys
go give your mom a kiss now be a real
man give your mom a kiss else give her a
kiss and flowers wall down the walk gave
her pie in the face what does that make
me Thompson no tongue is not alright I
love you did you have fun or what did
you have fun the kids are obviously
passed out yeah that was cool I don't
really know how resumable owls I
couldn't see this now mom had fun for
sure I just goes to show you how cool my
mom is my mom's the best she's awesome
I'll to you so make sure she'll watch
this video probably so make sure you
guys leave in the comments a nice little
happy birthday from my mom she's only
like you know 35 yeah we decided that
we're gonna go canoeing tomorrow as a
boys there's this place down in Logan
fucking Valley to new library yeah so
we're gonna go canoeing tomorrow
probably not for two days but for the
day yeah you ready for that
no no they're gonna have a blast I just
hover doesn't rain there's a small
chance of rain but who cares we're on a
river so
so we're gonna watch a movie and just
cuddle up and see happiest couple on
earth it's the end of the line and the
guilt is super humble to have all of you
watching I really am I don't say it
enough but it honors me that you tuned
in and watched my life all the time so
thank you for that and we will see you
right back here tomorrow
