that's all right
you still look wonderful importantly the
important thing is you're comfortable
I'm still in what I slept in last night
how about that huh but I'll probably
take a shower no I got a mother grass
good mother guys
oh good morning by the way I didn't know
if I said they're not but Veronica's
yeah
Veronica and the boys are going to work
oh that's cute that's cute I want you
guys to come with me you should come
with me we're gonna mow grass and
everything sharks and why don't you stay
with me and Colin can go with mommy
nobody likes me did you see your lamp
shirts yes I brought you home some lamp
shirts you show everyone which ones you
got I'm jealous because I don't have
that one I really wanted that one nice
3d no one's gone 3-person be good be
good okay got my blog on blogs uploading
give me a little coffee coffee I need to
definitely mow my grass and just gotta
get some stuff done well Veronica's way
I'm trying to make things easy for you
know so when she comes home she can just
relax which is what a good man does you
know for his woman so I'm gonna suck
down my coffee and go mow grass mm-hmm
unfortunately I've been busy all day I
left the house because I had to take I
had to go mow
right I left the house without my camera
I know I need to doing here I just have
to take shower I was disgusting I've
been
working outside all day because I
haven't really vlog doll day we're gonna
go take a walk soon as we finish eating
right by the lake I'll show you guys
Buckeye late the boys want to see a boat
the boat ramps and how they get the
boats in and out cuz they just don't
understand oh you want to see that huh
yeah well we'll take a short trip to
Buckeye Lake as soon as we're done
eating and then I tweeted out also that
you guys should ask your questions do
the Q&A so we can do Q&A later tonight
after you guys you know tweet your
questions okay so if you haven't
followed me on Twitter yet you should
because I tweet all the time this is the
best way for you guys to interact with
us if you haven't followed me on Twitter
go ahead and do it now it's at Gilroy
flogs
umbrellas at Verne Gilroy all right yeah
yeah that's where I'm at brother we're
gonna go take a little walk on the beach
and wait for the beach eh it's not a
beach let's pretend it's the beach it's
not a beach
yeah we're gonna go take a walk
I'm like I ocean okay we should
wait for you guys to compile your
questions for our Q&A and hopefully you
ask some good ones I'm willing I want to
get some tricky ones some tricky
questions here we are it's our North
Shore seashore suggest Beach
look at those houses as condos they look
like Beach condos not the ocean this
Buckeye Lake smells not like the ocean
at all come here you want to watch them
load this boat no this way come on
watch you're gonna drive it right up
there on the trailer you'll drive it
right up there wait for it I don't know
what he's doing
younger down there and watch what do you
think
it's Lefty you up and down yeah why
she's probably gonna drive really fast
up there maybe
uh-huh you ready
watch him
just like that
all right Carson he's like hmm you can
hear you can hear the music from pop
news
yeah it's over that way somewhere that's
called a floating dock
gosh Moana you just look gorgeous today
Thanks you do pretty :
there it goes here goes watch Carson
watch him
don't
pretty go home yeah sure
pick us out this is this is Buckeye Lake
it's kind of like a crescent shape so
make like it is the largest man-made
lake in Ohio careful
what are like isn't that spectacular but
it's a cool place to go it's different
it's different
what's that floating out there Colin
it looks like a piece of wood all these
houses look from there all the way down
all these houses are brand new they're
probably no more than one two years old
they never use yeah they they just
recently started redeveloping this area
before it was just nothing really it
actually used to be there was a big
building here and it used to be the old
Buckeye Lake roller skating rink in the
amusement park there used to be an
amusement park here years and years and
years
my grandpa worked at the skating rink I
haven't walked up here since I walked up
here soon
these have been built yeah I used to
come running up here and run just the
long way front they're super nice if I
could choose one I'd choose that one
right there that's a nice one and check
this out this this year is how they
would like put boats in the water so
they'd pull the boat trailer up there
and then they'd literally lift it up and
then it would ride along this track and
plop it right in the water
random girls hanging out up on the roof
she's just standing that's all she's
just tanning hey this little path this
walkway will go all around the lake all
the way pass around no does it go all
the way around it was almost a Miller
sport it goes to the dam for anymore I
just want your mouth honey that's good
to hear honey can I have them
can these be for me yeah actually they
kind of do fit no they actually don't
actually see how they look on you for a
mom
they project you guys yep
get him oh oh oh oh oh oh
get it good morning
I know you're thinking like what
happened we were supposed to do Q&A but
don't you worry this is still the same
video we just had to take care of a
little situation last night and it
really turned me off of doing anything
else so we kind of just you know let the
rest of the night go we figured we'd
start fresh this morning it's actually
7:30 in the morning right now and
there's a huge storm festering right
over there and woke me up but it's a
perfect time in the morning for a nice
cup of coffee like I promised we're
gonna do the Q&A part of the video today
and it's gonna be really quick probably
maybe ten questions and then we got to
cut it off so we can start our new vlog
today so first question starting right
at the top of the list comes from Josh
and Cassie when you go to LA will you
please do an MAO session with Roman
maybe possibly if we have time but I
will be going to LA the only question is
to win exactly but it will be soon I
promise you that okay this actually
comes from a lot of different people
want to know if you and Brittany are
sisters
yes Brittany and I are sisters give a
little backstory real sisters we're five
years apart I'm older she's my younger
sister can you peel an orange with your
butt no no I can't
Gilroy what made you get into filming
and photography I've always loved taking
pictures and so I've been doing photo a
lot longer than I've been doing video
but through doing photo and filming in
general I became like very very fond of
it the new baby's name if boy or girl
I haven't decided yet it's yours it's
your question I have not decided it's
not something that we will we'll have a
few in mind either way boy or girl but
ultimately probably narrowed down I
think with the boys we narrowed it down
to about two names that we liked but
ultimately we had to see the baby to see
what its name was gonna be that's right
what made you first try the Gil Hawk
I'll be honest I've been doing this kind
of hairstyle since I was in like high
school it's kind of modified now but
I've always had kind of like a faux hawk
type of hairstyle are things different
around the house now that Verne Gilroy
is pregnant and is she a little
different now yeah the answer is yes yes
a bad way not all the time not all the
time
Branka imagine if you had to try and
walk across the sea full of eggshells
without breaking a single one and if you
did then it was the difference between
life and death in an emotional yeah
Veronica can be and downs and you
definitely have to be very careful what
you do what you say how you breathe how
you swallow how you sneeze how you cook
dinner how you take out the trash how
you wash the dishes how you sweep the
floor you have to be really careful what
temperature the water is in the shower
you have to be really careful what kind
of toothpaste you buy I'm just telling
you every single aspect of life is
compromised when there's a pregnant
woman in the house
but you still love me right of course I
do of course of course chase will you be
doing any Photoshop tutorials yes
definitely I want to do a tutorial
channel and I guess probably now would
be a great time for you guys to put in
the comments like what kind of tutorials
would you like to see and I'll start
like making a list of tutorials that I
can make what's the craziest thing that
you've ever done ride a roller coaster
yeah I wish I had that on camera oh I'll
never forget that I've never ridden a
roller coaster before and this past
summer the sunlight last summer it was
last summer
huh it was last summer last summer I
rode my very first roller coaster and I
rode two roller coasters
he got off on he was just you couldn't
even talk to him mm-hmm so we went got
right in line for another one and he got
on it they tricked me
and he he was like now yep I'm done
after that after the second one yeah I
was like yeah I'm good yeah I don't like
it I don't like it at all I mean it I'd
be the kind of guy that would get in I
like super super fast race car and rip
ass through a city you know drifting
around corners and stuff like a madman
I'm okay with that
actually in December was my very first
time on a plane first time on a plane
and I was a little nervous but I
actually loved that I loved it I thought
it was awesome I stared out the window
the whole time but rollercoasters yeah
too much of an adrenaline not for me not
for me and that's about all the time we
got for you today
Oh guess what before we go I wanted to
show you guys last night I shot pictures
which
really vlog but shot pictures for a
brand new product I think you guys gonna
be excited about going on the smile
Moore store today right now by the time
you watch it they'll be up check me out
we think about that huh huh smile more
shades for your face so make sure you
log on and check out those shades order
a pair grab a shirt with it
yeah keep running for working she needs
to make that money make that chatta
chatta dog bottle alright guys thanks so
much for watching we love you thanks for
all the questions and we can't wait to
see all of you right back here tomorrow
