good morning guys I'm stuck on the
computer taking care of some business
and that's just that's where I'm at
I've been stuck on my computer a lot
lately Veronica's going to work I love
you I love you a little while I'm busy I
got to leave here soon to go to actually
I need to leave right now I have a video
consultation to go and have a meeting
with this woman who owns an insurance
company she wants a commercial bun and
Gilley's gonna shoot it huh how about
that and then later tonight we're going
up to the lamp spot because lamp Parra
wants a video shot and Gilley's gonna
shoot dad too
how about that so it's gonna be a
productive day I'm trying to get this
email out before we go I gotta get my
hair up I gotta get my shoes on we got
rock this day guys we got rocket here at
this Lewis and Clark insurance company
and I gotta say I really look I really
like you Cindy Cindy black Cindy
actually is my buddy sets mom that's
right
and sets has done a lot for me he's a
really good guy so he helped hook up
this video shoot that we're gonna do is
Cindy for the insurance company and
we've just talked for probably about 45
minutes or now and I feel like I know
her already I mean you do what other
what other place can you go to for like
I guess a consultation and wearing like
flops so basically we're gonna start
shooting next week for you know a
commercial for them I hope you guys you
know obviously I bring them with me
everywhere so we'll be vlogging awesome
you know the whole process of how to
shoot and this is a really good
opportunity for me to show them how I
shoot video you know how I shoot like
commercial type videos that's great
I can't wait to work with you soon yeah
I can't wait to work with you either and
I'm planning on selling your life
insurance policy for you look at this
girl she's
today next week we set up our first
shoot so we're gonna be shooting a
commercial basically for this insurance
company which is gonna be really cool
and you guys get to go along with
nothing cuz equally is awesome you guys
are gonna learn what it takes to do what
I do I already have a really good idea
for what this video is going to look
like should be fairly easy to shoot and
then editing I mean that's my strong
suit so I think this is gonna turn out
to be a really cool job that's enough of
that I got to go back to the house now
grab a bite to eat probably change and
I'm going up to lamp tonight they're
having this party
that he wants me to come in and hang out
and talk to him for his video some to
video consultations in one day hopefully
I can squeeze in his video shoot before
I go to Nashville I'm going to Nashville
to shoot again with Tom we're just gonna
be awesome we're shooting with a
well-known celebrity I think you get
it's a band I think you guys would be
excited to meet them so look forward to
that too a lot of cool stuffs happening
you guys like everything's turning out
just stick with it what you're
passionate about and things will come up
I'm proving it to you right now oh yeah
baby
is that downtown driver at me and Seth
are headed to the lamp spot we're stuck
in traffic again I hate this
I hate it hmm here we are in my favorite
city cholermus I miss Columbus I haven't
been here for such a long time probably
cuz I haven't had a reason to be here
but today I do
back it up back it up
hardest part about being in Columbus is
fine and a good place to park seriously
all the meters are full there's
literally nowhere to park in the city so
we settled on max if you remember max is
where me Rome and Denis when we would
come up here to film we'd always go to
eat here and I'm gonna stop by real
quick actually so that I can take this I
gotta be real bad Seth loves this beer
you know instead of just coming in to
pee
I felt bad I just come in to peace up I
felt obligated that we should probably
at least five drink and I don't drink
anything yeah and we had to seriously we
have to walk probably half mile to get
to the lamp spot I'll be porch my son
yeah then we're gonna work this off real
quick he had two beers it's fun he's
like bro you drink your beer like it's
like it's a bottle I'm like no I enjoy
the flavor of my beer I don't just chug
the beer that's barbaric you just drink
the beer as if it were as if it were a
fine wine you don't just want to chug it
I do
this is where it all started High Street
so many walks of life
I know wait to the Saturdays there's
something called Gallery Hop where they
have all kinds of like art and stuff
it's lining up this up the street I'm
Matt I'll dude it's cool it's cool
here it is here it is it's the lamp spot
it's the lamp spot there's Brandon right
there beautiful this is how are you dude
awesome making money kept in the
business this is awesome
I like the green couch yeah oh great
thing goes with my green shirt so right
here next to the lamp spot they have an
art gallery and if you want to catch
some really cool pieces come on down
yeah yeah come out to the gray stone
that's pretty this is the gray stone yes
the gray stone bonuses like the most
historic building in Columbus like it's
beautiful green vines dude for the
longest time I think I saw this spot
empty or they were swinging the front or
this area right here your spot yeah that
used to be a hair salon in am i go
antique furniture really spots is kinda
cool
well I'll tell you what you've done
wonders with it was great man thank you
it's beautiful a nice little spot to get
all your Ohio gear right here downtown
Columbus scene 855 come on Oh
Columbus Ohio come to the lamp spot
you've seen us all we're in the Ohio
gear so this is right where you get it
right here and you can go to the website
lamp apparel calm calm you know and then
you'll be lamping always in all ways
I know all right yeah my tweet didn't go
for nothing because the deer I wish
Broncos here she wants to meet you so oh
man she really does I'm sorry Koga deers
a big fan of ours she comes and hangs
out with us on omegle and she's here in
person hanging out with us now frog on
the air that's awesome all right I got
to pick which one you're gonna tie on me
right now
let's do that one thank you so much the
deers giving Caesar a slit love to my
main man Brandon yes beautiful
yo that green lamp right there - that's
it a priest
appreciate that we have such special
guests here tonight it's mayor Coleman
mayor
having fun we're here for a perfect yeah
that's the fundraiser shake hands for
the Pelotonia give me a little
background on the peloton
okay well the Pelotonia thing actually
they're taking the nice little picture
here this is this is the pink brand
marketing team okay okay this is the
ones who run the event okay
in the Pelotonia is is it's a bike race
that raises money 100 percent of the
proceeds go to cancer research
awesome so everything that happens
especially in here all the shirts
there's a portion of the proceeds to go
to that and it sponsors people riding
right in the Pelotonia you cost
something like $3,000 yeah riding it 100
cent of that goes against research so
that's all huge thing for raising money
one thing too and it's just brings
people together that's awesome
see that's exactly my point we're not
here just to hang out we're here to
raise awareness and raise funds for
cancer research by us whatever let's go
- hold on basically what I've done what
I've done is tricked these ladies into
believing that I'm from will.shaw
England when in fact I'm just chase
Gilroy from
oh yeah baby
I know it's believable right which one I
say I forget can you reword what you
said because I was like wait did you
know lie alright guys so the lamp party
was a huge success
huge they raised almost a thousand
dollars and yes we did and pinky is
going to match that all sweet yeah so we
did a really good night that's great and
this is all for a good cause you know
raising awareness for cancer and cancer
research so give mad props to lamp
apparel for hooking it up for a great
give mad props to chase Gilroy for
showing up somebody I'm gonna highlight
man I'm doing a tweet and people were
showing up I know I cuz he I mean what
do you want I mean what do you want it's
a collaborative effort you know so so
we're gonna say goodbye now from the
lamp spot super great place to be up on
High Street you guys gotta check him out
yeah check us out a lot of you might not
know but my sister was diagnosed when
she was really young
with Wilms tumor it's a cancer of the
kidneys and any chance to support you
know cancer research I'm all about it so
so we found ourselves at late-night
slice Mikey's late nights like it's a
staple
if you come to High Street in Columbus
you need to get Michael's late-night
slices the best pizza on the planet
and don't forget the slut sauce it will
make your pizza I'm promising you that
all wet oh my get it all wet
oh yes smear it around take it down take
it down are you freaking kidding me
twenty-five dollar parking ticket
set doesn't seem right I thought you put
enough money in that meter sat so many
quarters man damn
how well add it to the collection ha ha
did you not have a cool experience
hanging at the lamps had a great telling
did ya
I told you you're gonna meet some really
cool people hey you meet the mayor yeah
well that's not one of the cool people
mayor Coleman mayor Coleman had it out
for Roman Vitaly Denis myself he wanted
to try and hit us with the ringer for
the pranks that we pulled in the in the
City of Columbus
I don't think I wasn't about to say hey
mayor Coleman do you know who I am let
me tell you I am no no so we've had
enough fun for one night it's time for
these old boys to get home to our women
the right kiddies
and give him kisses good night it's like
10 o'clock so they're probably asleep
already had it done his Seth tried to
leave in a hurry and forgot without his
precious laptop I think I should smash
it I'm ashamed I want I want I'm here
man
keep holding your tools dude keep order
your tools and I'm sorry you can't you
can't get ahead in this game without
that hey it was fun dude peace out
have a good night Home Slice
say thanks Kadir thanks mom no good
dears the one that made it yeah her
name's good dear
thanks kitty yeah yeah I just woke up we
actually all just woke up I came home
and crashed with everyone else it was
late by the time I got home yeah we we
just need to kill this vlog so that we
can move on to the next so thanks for
coming with me to lamp spot last night
Carson wants to end the vlog today so
this is the end of the line there's only
one more thing left to do I'll see you
right back here tomorrow
