good morning guys listen I heard the
boys upstairs plan and I wanted to tell
you I wanted to tell you a quick story
long story short the boys had been
consumed with their video games like
Xbox minecraft plans vs. zombies and
yeah their Kindles and it got to be
unbearable the way that they were acting
they were misbehaving and they just
weren't they just weren't behaving the
way that that we think they should what
we did was we cut all video games out
they aren't allowed to play as video
games at all before that
or say hey yeah they do hate it before
that they didn't play with their toys
all they wanted to do was play video
games video games where's my Kindle I
won't think it is watch videos but now
that they've been grounded basically
from video games they're actually every
day they wake up there's been playing
with toys look at using your imagination
did you build that
no you build it well you built it one of
you built it it didn't come that way so
my point is there they're using their
imaginations now because we've curbed
their appetite for video games which I'm
sure they're not happy about still but
as a parent you can't watch them play
games all day no it's just not it's not
cool grounded from
you know yeah they still ask about them
I want them to get to that point where
they're not asking and wanting it still
all the time you know and then we'll
give them a lemonade
in the meantime mmm good see how it
works out
this is apparent to people Karen yeah it
really is amazing how a shower makes you
feel in the morning wake up do like 20
30 push-ups and sit-ups get your blood
pumping hop in the shower wash the day
away from yesterday and start today
brand-new right that's exactly what I've
done I just need to get my hair up and
then I'm ready to rock it wrong because
getting ready for work the kids who just
became a little angry then we're almost
we're almost caught up on laundry nah
dude laundry in a house with four people
is insane you have to do laundry at
least once a date to keep up if you miss
a day then your hallway ends up looking
like that la ya la la la is short for
what that's right that is correct
we're kind of dumb-dumb do you want dun
dun
strawberry blueberry pink lemonade
cotton candy
there's no cotton candy but root beer
yeah I wrote baby beer there's one in
the bag listen seriously be good for mom
okay
hey you know she's gonna call me and I'm
gonna come over to Roman Britney's with
an iron fist and rule hard on you boys
that's right I'm coming for you buddy
be good
buckle up buckle up buckle up your hair
dude you'd definitely be career yeah and
for you yeah lady love you have fun I'll
see you in a little while okay hey drive
safe so I uploaded my video right and it
won't show me a thumbnail it's like
driving me crazy
this is a really weird day for uploading
videos and and currently even now it's
been up for I don't know about an hour
it still won't show me a thumbnail
there's no thumbnail and I've uploaded a
custom thumbnail and everything it's
pretty pretty frustrating I got my buddy
Seth hanging out with me today I was
just just getting ready to have some
lunch and Seth's working on some video
where do you go boy I got I'm hungry and
I bought this the other day because I
thought you know maybe it would be good
cranberry walnut salad with raspberry
vinaigrette I haven't I don't think I've
ever bought a salad like this before and
I was interested to see what it tastes
like this is healthy eating right I mean
I would assume cranberries walnuts feta
cheese pita chips but there's an adult
I'm gonna give it a road up to hell with
McDonald's bro that's just poison so I'm
gonna try this salad and I'll let you
know I'll let you know if it's
all right imagine if you were like out
in the garden and you just watered
everything right you just watered all
your plants and stuff and then you took
a fork and you drug it through the
garden and came up and took a bite
that's what this salad tastes like
needless to say I'm not impressed that I
actually don't know if I eat it it's but
I'll probably tell you anyway cuz I
can't waste food do not gonna be more
upset right now I spent 30 some minutes
on the phone but export finally get to
someone who knows what they're talking
about
and then as soon as I get connected with
that guy and he starts working and reset
my moto lost the call lost the call so
now I got to spend another 30 minutes
getting back to someone who knows what
they're doing hopefully this guy put
notes in it what the heck's going on
can't I have to do it I'm like
gridlocked I have to do it
look my computer network is off I'm like
I said check this out I got a special
treat for you guys a little special
guess a little certain somebody you seen
in my videos for a while
well daily download Ally get your
Twitter on bro I left those in your
discreet well we're going over to my
brother's place the kids are gonna do
some crafts and stuff for my mom's
birthday so I said you're Dallas you
need to come period I borrow these
relators no those aren't those aren't
used for what you're gonna use them for
well they're for me but not for you
this traffic you guys doing you give me
your best scream out get out of my way
ready go go on ready go
no it's fine
fine we're just blogging yeah yeah
screaming hold on yeah mom mark like
skip to be a little bit on that all
right let's see here turn around you
can't look at me while I do it
oh well I want him with the camera well
let's be real okay I think mine was way
better
don't tell me whose is better here's
mine ready ready I save these guys
like no just let it out
just let it all out you don't need to
you don't need to worry about who's
watching cuz this guy right beside me he
was like probably freaked out but just
let it out you feel better you feel
better right yeah you do okay good
that's good that's what's all about good
book this is Veronica this is Veronica
in about seven seven months six months
yeah I know but you're still holding a
baby
my lord we still have a good time we
were singing we're singing Mariah Carey
on the way over here
Lexie loves Mariah Carey so I was going
to show her that I could see Mariah
Carey this babies love them some J's
Gilroy here's something I don't
understand is why is that sure it's a
pink one clearly it's green like I never
understood that whole marketing model
let's put pink on everything but we're
gonna make it different colors I wonder
what I wonder what the guy in the
boardroom was thinking you know pink but
let's make it green me and Josh you're
gonna go get some I got an Italian sub
Veronica got a pizza sub and I got the
good ol jalapeno poppers did you know
that if you mix cornstarch and just the
right amount of water you can make this
substance called Oobleck or something
like that
it's solid while it's active but it's
like a liquid when you I don't know keep
still great cry cry I was crying man you
got enough of this stuff to feel like a
pool a small pool with it you could
literally run across it it looks like
it's water acts like it's water but if
you if you punch it real hard or step on
it you could walk right across it right
across hard around my hand we're gonna
fill up we're donor yes we're gonna do
one of these days we draw I need like
seven seven to ten 5-gallon buckets of
course it helped with that gum in your
mouth crazy man
sorry didn't know you had gum in your
mouth hey we're good right leave you
guys coming Carson cool
you come home with me huh yeah we're all
leaving
come on roll even we'd love to have you
all right we'll see you at home then
bye guys oh they always come when I do
that all right we just got home Dallas
is leaving our Dallas boys miss you bye
Lexi
see you guys later thanks for hanging
out for craft night ya know we certainly
can't show you a we made for my mom
because it's her birthday Saturday and
she watches the video but it's cool I
made my decision this is what I have
that's definitely the better choice
klonda Croesus Oh what would you do for
a Klondike bar well that about does it
for us today at the Buckingham Palace
thanks for coming along
I suppose we'll catch all of you right
back here tomorrow
