kyla
get your underwear on boy we're trying
to say good morning and you're in your
underwear hey but we need to get dressed
good morning guys by the way this is how
crazy it isn't just don't don't swallow
that magnet it might be gonna be bad for
your for your bouts okay all right Steve
I mean Carson you ready let's take
showers and get ready for the day okay
and we got a we got to see how mommy's
doing on her edit
dude I have the vlog I edited this
morning from yesterday is so funny well
the last part of it this one part where
wherever you're eating brownies
so what are you doing what are you
getting it are you getting it let's see
how long the video you got well I have
all of 13 minutes you just decide if you
want to share it or not she's almost
done you guys so excited by the time
you're watching this one you'll already
have seen her vlog so make sure you give
her man props in the comments it's gonna
be chase Gilroy vlogs but vs. Veronica
Gilroy concentrate here Uncas going to
work you're going to work over I'm sorry
I'm vlogging your party on blogging
she's taking the kids with her I'm gonna
go actually up to High Street to lamp
apparel you know these Ohio shirts that
that I wear and Dennis and Roman we're
a bunch of people where he's a pretty
cool guy and he's actually reached out
to me to do like a one to two minute
video to do a one to two minute video
for his website so I'm gonna go up there
and talk to him and see what exactly he
wants and unfortunately that means
Veronica's got taking kids with her you
promise to be good for mommy okay
yeah you better me don't eat those
brownies son there's something wrong
with them you will do and you're gonna
do great yeah you'll get better I
promise you will become better are you
running bro hmm bye honey love you love
you bye boys have fun you kiss on the
cheek okay bye boys I'll see you at home
later tonight
okay okay okay bye I don't know if you
guys remember the band that I used to
hang out with
cross solder he's the lead singer is
dating my cousin Sonny and he's an
awesome guy the whole crew they're just
awesome dudes and they're practicing
tonight so I thought it would be really
cool if we go catch up with them and I
can take you guys along on a
behind-the-scenes look at you know band
practice so should be really fun I miss
my cousin Sonny that's for damn sure
Sonny I miss you I'm glad to see you I
glad to see me
supervise oh yeah been too long getting
some flowering done just like your mom
just like your mom dude this is this is
the prettiest apartment oh you're
kidding this looks great man it's like a
little nature reserve somebody's house
you gonna climb a ladder to get there
just climb off the ladder
that's cute look at the little birdbath
just a little birdbath
these are little blooming maple trees oh
yeah that's cute is that that's the
thing I love about aunt Sheree you guys
met aunt sherry she's got green thumbs
both of them and she can plant man she
can plant a garden that will knock your
socks off not not like a garden should
knock your socks off but you know as far
as planting gardens she's she's the top
of the line Chad just got here
I guess we're quite late to band
practice which technically is the story
of my life because I'm always late for
yeah it is bad it was out here put this
in the backseat put this in the backseat
it fit better back there I got boxes
here but I thought I'd record some music
and oh I don't know if I told you guys
this but Chad recently went out to you
right oh yeah let me clear Missy crazy
make sure there's an handcuffs anyway
so Chad recently went out to Utah to
film a new music video yeah right yeah
it's just super exciting because the
video had like a very high production
value oh it was um they had to makeup
artists they had this devil set up and
don't you worry we'll push a link to you
guys so you can watch it it's a really
sweet video but for tonight I thought it
would be really cool Chad and you helped
me agree yes you guys are gonna play
devil's eyes y-yeah yes you got things
we got some new stuff that you guys
probably aren't gonna be able to see
unless you come see us live true but the
things we're working on right now are
really cool
and it's a good show like these guys
will kill it they will melt your face
yes we at a live show I can't no I'm not
just saying it because you're right here
I would say it if you weren't you know I
mean right but seriously you'll see what
I mean just a few minutes we're gonna be
rockin I'm making Chad watch the
funniest but my losses yesterday's no
so you know once these races pick it up
wait for it wait for it
oh yeah grab here get in here because we
are so late so late Chad it's not like
it's not like you're the lead singer
they can't do it without you or anything
bad all right so we're not gonna wait
any longer and hold these guys up
they're ready to practice you guys don't
really need much practice but uh always
well yeah practice makes perfect
we see breath a cigarette in my
you know
it's easy apples
all the first time
you see the devil's hi
good practice bro thank you answer this
is a sign of a good musician he wipes
down his axe every chance do you know
the shek T wants love once in a while so
what do you think of that song that song
was dope right dude you guys are on
iTunes right crosstalk I want iTunes
we're also on that beat huh
it's for some new phone I don't know
what phone I'm not gonna beats yeah
beats eat surprisingly it's like a
doodle yeah check it out cross daughters
on iTunes if you like the go
download it seriously dude practice is
awesome we're taking Chad back to this
place now but first before we get there
I wanted to ask you like what is it like
being in a band with all these guys for
so long you guys been doing this for for
how long
I'd say it's better like two-and-a-half
years 200 years how long two and a half
years
this is hard it's difficult to keep
every more because because of the you
know we're like brothers man it's it's a
family to the end and with us it's just
it's just like what we love to do and
you know that's what we love to do and
every time we do it practice play shows
I mean we do the same thing at practice
like we do a show it's a there's
hundreds of people in front of us you
know we do the same thing at practice
like you know that's good there's a lot
of there's a lot of bands out there that
will come up on stage and your favorite
song doesn't sound the same yeah that is
not good
it's they like over produce their albums
so that they sound better but once you
get actually there to the concert they
don't sound sexy the way it should be
the way we have it is we are live band
we've been a live band you know ever
since day one so when we went into the
studio it was like our performance live
was so strong that when we went to the
album it was hard to capture certain you
know powerful moments in the album you
know it feels to us we know our live
shows is so powerful compared to the
album which is still really really good
and there's a lot of studio things in
the album but live it's that's where
it's at you come see us live this
Saturday actually yeah we're
Parkersburg West Virginia a sixpence pub
but we're gonna open up for Gemini
syndrome that's a cool dude I wish I
could make it I probably won't be able
to do my mines my mom's birthday party
on Saturday I gotta go to the birthday
party and now you need to do that but
you know I'd love to come Rock yeah
there's sound oh hopefully you've seen
the devil's eye and say heaven they
probably won't yet by the time they're
watching this though we want to give
them a link to where they can go and
watch devils on seriously you guys it's
a great video it's a great video yeah
it's a really good video it's yeah
that's an interesting video it is it's
not your average music video yeah so
link definitely in the description below
go check it out and don't forget and I
want you guys to support them because
their music rocks and it's hard for a
local musician to get you know so I want
you guys to at least go check them out
and if you like their stuff download it
you know download it from iTunes
what are you doing well
Sonny you're gonna have to face it I'm a
blogger and when I walk up on people
sanding wood it like 9 something at
night that's something you belong about
you don't see that every day
believe it or not this is so funny
I told Chad I was like yeah I'm gonna
link to your your channel so that you
know everyone can see your video she's
like well I don't have a youtube channel
like what it's all right who does who
doesn't have a YouTube channel like you
you can't live your life without a
youtube channel yeah I mean seriously
we're just stuck in stuck in old school
so we're sitting here actually have a
bra youtube now and look Chad's workout
the sushi I'm like bro where's my sushi
and they're like you can't have any
sushi so I'm not gonna have sushi and
then because of that I'm I'm leaving
here's how it is I'm sorry yeah ok ok
it's ok no I'm just kidding I'm just I'm
just messing with you Veronica's got
leftover tacos at home which I cannot
wait to destroy good practice bro good
practice good to see you
I'll see you soon bye man peace out
you guys I came home from Chad and
Sonny's and pretty much forgot that I
was vlogger for the rest of the night
Veronica was asleep on the couch so I
had to come home and just cuddle up next
to her and keep her warm
ah I think you guys would probably
appreciate the music that you saw in the
video today it was pretty damn good so
make sure you guys give cross autor some
love for sure they're good guys and
they're friends of mine so that's about
the end of the line for us today which
is tomorrow so we will see all of you
guys right back here
