look here boys
you camera listening yeah for one of us
it is for all three of us Eddie bought
us this camera so that we can vlog while
he's away in the fans and everyone can
still see us hey guess what we're gonna
go swimming
oh we're gonna go don't jump on the
couch mister we can't go swimming
because it's probably gonna rain but
we're still gonna go play with water
balloons and we're gonna do Oh a few
little crafts we're gonna do crafts yes
yeah
and yes Joey there's cousin Chloe and do
some crafts we're gonna make some
something special I'll tell you guys
later
how about that how's your tooth coming
you can see I'm coming back there it's
pretty Wiggly that still hasn't come out
he's baby in it aren't I oh yeah you
guys will start to see what me and the
boys do on a day to day to day basis
look I don't know that there'll be every
day starting off something I've got to
get used to doing right Wow
yeah but we'll see we'll get there
eventually let's get ready we gotta go
to the dollar store and pick up a few
more things for our crafts okay okay can
I go okay guys we are leaving out I
guess so
let's get in the car I don't know what
to do she loved your song but I wish you
breaking point my camera we should keep
going keep going back I'm just gonna
keep them whoa that was there that was
scare calling and let's drop the camera
brain and camera if I wouldn't have put
the little stringy thing on it for them
it'd have been on the floor we need some
of this dish soap pulling this down
right there grabbed on simply you know
you Canada I also need one search for
another little project we're gonna do Oh
olives who like oh this is good here two
of them yeah we're good to only just
again what one thing but yeah we just
got here one thing about being pregnant
is the morning sickness I'm sure some of
you may have heard morning sickness
comes along with it well with the boys I
had morning sickness right when I got up
I felt sick sometimes I did get sick
until I got something to eat and then I
felt better this time I pretty much feel
sick all day long some sort of nausea
which usually I eat some food or a
little snack or something and it helps
so I have to keep the snacks with me at
all times but right now it's lunch time
and we went to Taco Bell
got some pizza head express some tacos
so we're going time some lunch we are
about to start craft
with the kids and we're making what do
they call their rainbow rainbow bubbles
so we've cut up socks and water bottles
and this is what we do with it and then
we're going to dip it in food coloring
and dish soap now we're mixing up the
soap and water we're not really sure
exactly how much of each so we're just
gonna take a guess and add from there
okay
Samantha's trying to make a rainbow on
one yes you just put the separate colors
oh wow look at that that's awesome
this will be fine on two kids look at
the
that's pretty awesome I think they'll
like this but it will be messy that's
for sure
but oh well they're kids they actually
are there some trance bathing suits on
ready to be rinsed off right yeah buddy
go Carson I'll go my bubbles I'm voting
look at me there's a blue bubbles old
don't suck it in Coley
get it boy sorry spit it out are you
green hollows let's see how long I can
get it
look how long that is : ah catch it
oh of course
Smith and I both were white today it's
ray yep
Oh awesome it's some blue bubbles
oh my goodness green water like a person
you're still all blue are you doing
pollen like multiple time apparently the
bubble is just fine there like them
playing with them and food coloring in
the little rinse off fools it's fun -
hey no put it down
dip it in there okay now try there you
go / the water balloon pinata we are
going to tie up between the sink set
here and hopefully this works I don't
know if it will so this is kind of what
its gonna look like this I'm kind of got
a hole in it always tying it on the
string the rules okay youngest kid goes
first
which would be Chloe and then we spin
you around and you two take the bat and
go up and see if you can hit one balloon
spin spin spin spin
alright take that and walk that way hit
one balloon Oh husband spin spin spin
spin spin ready
stop that's a look at huh I can take the
back ready
oh alright one first okay go pop one hit
hard hit the balloon so with the balloon
look right at it harder hit this yellow
one is
get the other one and make sure you
don't hit yourself in the foot I don't
really hurt oh yeah oh you're a spaz man
stay up here come up here
spare Eddie covered in cornstarch turn
around spin spin spin spin all right go
hit one yeah he's left-handed get it
whoa
oh you gotta give over the bat spraying
oh yay Smith is getting her weekly
weekly Ivy for her treatment and I am
taking these kiddos to Grandma's house
any heavy cousins are gonna spend the
night with Grandma it looks as though
they've made a little bit more progress
on the porch up here Papa's appear
working slowly but surely it's coming
along right hey did your kids notice
this yet yes they do now oh you know
what it is no yeah I'm praying for her
Frank
Graham's praying for her Aloha Graham
little gray huh are you talking to my
honey he's away he's in Kentucky
you're kidding no so hey chase I'm
taking over he'll see ya oh we're
calling love me you said anal grandma
we're gonna buy yourself a I love you
too hey do you have fun okay you be good
okay
hey mr. Carson
we're watching what are you watching
mommy sleeve in okay I love
I'm gonna go work and then I'm gonna go
home for a little while I'll pick you up
tomorrow these stainless grandma huh
love you you'd be good okay oh oh I got
gonna work for a little bit
Conkel work before I get started working
pregnant girls gotta have a little snack
this time hard boiled eggs mix a little
mayonnaise Miracle Whip and mustard put
it on a little bit of toast egg salad
sandwich ready look at the TV hug what's
that what's that yeah what is that
are you gonna miss aunt bee ha ha give
me hugs
give me hugs I'll give it back sometimes
you have to bribe the two-year-old oh
I'll miss you so much give me kiss oh
that wasn't a kiss
you missed your bear come give me kiss
oh you silly you missed again come here
no you're gonna get I'll give you kisses
oh I Love You Came your gang do it again
oh I sure will miss you you have fun
okay yeah here's your feather bag all
right right fine fine
have fun you have to come visit me oh I
will for sure just go home
Brittany and Cain and Noah are leaving
for LA tomorrow morning so I had to go
to work obviously a little bit and then
had to go see them off um I'll be gone
for a little while so I will miss them
but other than that I'm home
gonna kick back relax guys have to thank
chase for getting me this camera truly
appreciate it
awesome I think he's just really excited
that you know I'm gonna start this
process you know logging a little more
me and the kids you guys are good to see
the fun we had today it was a lot of fun
hanging out with kids and doing crafts
and that's what I like to do is boot the
kids I love being with my kids means the
world to me and watching them have fun
experience new things the bubbles was
awesome we had never done that before
it was colored with food coloring from
head to toe thank you guys for all your
love and support as far as the baby
coming
once Chase gets back we'll do the QA we
just kind of ran out of time all kinds
of chaos going on right now so I guess
we will see all of you guys right back
here
here tomorrow
