good morning gladiators it's good it's
early I got my coffee a little bit of
editing done a little I got a little
tutorial video coming up and I'm not
sure if I'm gonna put on the vlog
Channel but I might I might and I might
now I might start another tutorial
channel put these kind of things up on
just because I think they're fun
tutorials are fun but Veronica my lovely
veronica is leaving for the smile more
star she's leaving us guys she's got to
go to work she's got to make that money
that cheddar cheese cheddar dope cheese
how do I have this much energy this
morning I don't understand it Oh
probably cuz it had like five cups of
coffee so far yeah I'll see you back
here in just a little while just a
little while I love you bye
drive safe yeah we spent all this time
yesterday cleaning up all the boys stuck
and everything organized first thing
they do is wake up and come in here and
well make a mess of things
we got a underside of an airplane dude
you broke the whole thing
you broke the whole thing know what okay
thanks easy on the sauce buddy my lord
so the boys are making lunchable pizzas
for lunch that's fun right yeah now
what's next is it the pepperoni are the
cheese I want the cheese the cheese
first okay I'm making pepperoni pizza
okay okay it's ready mine
careful Collin you're gonna get yourself
all saucy man you you why are you using
the end where you've got sauce on it
Wow okay pepperoni and cheese pizza
lunchable making contests me I'm having
some chilies Cajun style chicken alfredo
I like spicy stuff any kind of food
that's spicy
I love it love it for a microwave meal
this thing actually looks pretty dang
good by the taste of it it's pretty
spicy too hey guess what
Colin's birthday is August 15th right
how are you gonna be seven seven seven
years oh you can have that one I got to
eat this but columns gonna be seven
years old on August 15 cents super
exciting yeah we're gonna have your
birthday party on the tin okay it's
close closer than you think
I told the boys to go outside and play
and this is this is what they've come up
look who decided to show up
oh you brought a science experiment
whoo I was telling the boys and I count
just to see one amazing difference okay
okay
I was telling the boys what happens when
you drop a Mentos inside coke I wasn't
sure it was coke adecco so I wanted to
show them you take two hurry up and put
them both in same at the same time you
go drop them both but wait wait wait
till we move
wait wait I'll give you a countdown what
make sure it's real coke can you verify
that it's real coca-cola yes okay real
mint all right
on the count of three you guys are gonna
drop your Mentos ready one two three
look at that dude is that crazy or what
it's crazy it's crazy it's over yeah
might try no it's done reacted eat it
that's strange
eat it so it must be the carbonation of
the coke that reacts to it the first
time
No you got nothing hmm no we needed to
arrange well there that's just about as
much attention as we can get from our
boys for the five minutes that we had
them now on the trampoline all right
here we go
I leave my shoes on cuz I'm the boss
dang that's like a torpedo dive alright
call in your turn
nice that's ten that's simply it's in
okay do a cartwheel oh that wasn't a
cartwheel
Oh such a little monkey run Wow
you want to come in and call her home
hey what can I color with you can I
color some with you yeah sure yeah the
piggy it's crazy I know what his bombs
supposed to be it's supposed to be gold
here's gold the same as his beak yeah
are you sure yeah sure
you know those beaks supposed to be made
as big as the both of the yellow
hey this isn't gonna
the Redbird pimp Oh kidding we're having
tacos for dinner tacos and somebody
forgot to get tomatoes and sour cream
that's ok ok I forgive you what what we
got meat cheese and taco shells
how about that Owen lettuce oh don't
forget a lot of family about the LAT up
yeah look at this look at this layup
chips and cheese melted on the bottom
with beef on top lettuce and taco sauce
both Ortega and the Taco Bell sauces we
keep a good stock of those you know we
got to talk about drive-thru see how
many sauces you want we say give me a
handful big one hey are you ready to
start editing huh
Veronica is in dire necessary need for a
crash course very very basic editing
with fun pen yeah yeah we're gonna do
that here as soon as she's done as soon
as we're done cleaning up dinner so I
guess after a short brownie making
session then we get to edit right are
you sure you won't be too tired honey
we're running out of days we need to
train ok why did that make me on the
block and blahs made me on the best way
to do it is to make a new folder on the
desktop
make a new folder on the desktop and
what we're gonna do is we're gonna fill
that folder with the clips from your
camera all right so you put in the for
your name of something clever and then
we're gonna take that for and import it
into Final Cut as a new event and then
you're gonna pull clips from that event
and final cut into the timeline stitch
it all together with an intro clip and
an ending clip and then you'll be left
with what is a Gilroy vlog okay sounds
simple Brittney's say how do I make
folder on desktop all right we know well
I mean not really
I can do it in like four seconds she
made it this far but hey the clips were
in there she's got notes I'm telling you
what she got no it's girl think you know
well she wanted to take a break though
because it's time for something no that
chair was hurting my but one the chair
very yeah this is another one of those
milk moments how's the brownie any
they're freaking delicious how you
double this in the brownies I think you
put some in no names please
I'm just kidding I'm fine fine
that's just me messing around again I
love doing all those little crazy visual
effect clips and stuff I think it really
adds a I think adds a lot to the flocs
hunk is like what that hacker you did
like Veronica had brownies and now she's
stuck on the couch you're done you're
done for you sit on that couch and it's
over sorry guys Veronica won't be giving
you a vlog today cuz she's she's had
like last week I know go stay open that
vlog game no people still love to see it
they would still love to see it
definitely you have to put it up tell
her she has to put it up hope you you'll
be watching this tomorrow and realize
that she hasn't put it up yet I'm just
like with your feet on bed never have
you later
I miss birdy
I'm on your back r5 see you in the
morning alright guys I just about does
it for us today Robert goes off to bed
and I think I'm gonna follow her guess
we'll just you know see you right back
in here tomorrow
