welcome to the vlog today I were
starting a church with a cream pop if
you remember fallen is the place from
today I've already been here for the
first service
when Alvarado I'm going to show you it
feel good I'm so proud already but
Worcester the dollar
yup
eat
and he is
day
the name
Oh
over there
oh boy you boys I am sure proud of you
okay I'll hold that all right I'm am
proud though I'm proud to be proud I I
did what I said I might have done
and got a little teary-eyed because I
just dads get proud sometime Matt and
you're good teacher but it's not you are
three do you want some ice cream alright
I think you earned it
Dave Dave I'm just so proud of you today
I think I'm just so proud of everybody
these guys did a great job they did a
curry I know and call him being a shy
person came out today did it he did it
rocked it you know and you did good too
Dave thank you out over mama feel about
her babies performing I think's among a
little teary eye I'm admitting to I did
as well you're not that kind of a baby
son all right guys look at the trees
around here right now I'm so happy that
we came back and everything's like it's
blooming everything's like it's like
spring how so what are you gonna do I
gotta go help Scotty I'm gonna take the
boys to lunch and then I gotta run back
to their house to get the tissues and
then we have Noah's birthday party and
then I'll come pick you up
so what are we supposed to do and do we
send the vlog with Veronica for kids
birthday parties or with Scotty and I to
do some shenanigans
it's the other camera yet it's unfixable
I think I don't know you haven't even
tried I'll try but that Mike my
conclusion is that it might be unfixable
we just had lunch today everyone get
their belly full yeah
Angelle created the classic Lee's famous
recipe now we're gonna head home Liza
number two we are not going to have time
for Eliza to take a nap
so I just want to tell you guys that I
am a super proud parent right now super
proud of Colin for getting out there in
front of you know an audience of people
he said he wasn't nervous he wasn't
worried about everyone watching and he
did they played both first and second
service and chase'll and reported the
second service but first service they he
did have a little slip-up and he dropped
one of his drumsticks well he
automatically just kind of you know
regrouped himself and kept going he
picked it right back up so you have to
have the mistakes to be able to learn
from it so I'm just super proud and he
seemed so happy today and proud of
himself I think he is so and of course
Carson heats up there and sings in front
of everyone all the time so I'm just
super proud mommy today how much you get
a little bit so baby Liza will be ugly
by the time when you
she's already looking two minutes later
doing some cake like that yeah okay so
we had cake and ice cream and no
identify this is your I'll explore in
the farm now like they got rid of all
their chicken and they got rid of all
their chickens or they don't have the
chickens anymore where are we going to
see a seagull feed all we're going to
see the cows and now I'm gonna call
amber called say come on cows for cows
cows open the gate Mandy come on yeah
add your own one this light rail I can
handle a good Liza you like us I just
stepped in a cow patty oh yeah oh yeah
I'm really that song got her in
 ow come on
here he comes
I think he likes your boots why would
you like to foul up my so we're on our
way to pick up technology guys now he
went after church with God to help him
stove and stuff like that so let's go
see the progress on the kitchen and see
if they got all of that you guys
probably came to recognize this face
well as you know Scott started a remodel
could call every month every model on
this kitchen and look at the progress
it's a little bit of a mess so I'm
apologize for Scotty but new stove you
guys remember this was just a cabinet
and they had just a in recess stovetop
that cabinets gone all the counters off
the walls and we got a new color Scott
dude this is epic bro oh you took away
the wood wood panels well Wayne Wayne
with 40 30 20 yeah so sudden Wayne 13
tear rail I think be a lasting really
yeah yeah so we spent the afternoon
putting in new light switches and plates
and we didn't get much farther oh we got
the stuff yeah sometime at the store
getting yeah that's true true so yeah
exciting exciting right I'm pretty sure
that Eliza playing with the cows
probably a little more exciting than us
driving screws and whatnot bye
come back soon grab five blue yeah we're
doing good
like real man put cats up like that all
right wait wait okay 753 it's a special
Sunday because when we miss the walking
dead while we were on vacation
and I think this one that happens
tonight is the net flap one see so we
have to catch up on two episodes today
see you Scotty yeah I love you buddy
pylons anybody come on Colin Carson
let's get out of here
Liza I want you to know and I'm sure
everyone else today will be there you
killed it today that's the hot chocolate
two cups and I was worried so he played
both services we only filmed the one but
Colin did such an amazing job today I'm
so proud of you when you practice okay
you practice and you keep practicing and
you will build confidence confidence
that will help you in situations like
today
just when you finally have that
opportunity to show off what you've
learned right
and apply it in front of a huge audience
you play in front of probably a hundred
people thank you like to all your people
let's everyone in the vote today you do
this awesome
we should give some mad love to Colin
today in the comments because he robbed
it not let me not forget to give mad
loved Carson whom I wish could be right
here with me
talking about how good he did today
because Carson got up there and sang
songs which he really only practiced a
couple times the Carson loves the thing
but uh he isn't feeling good he had
looked Chesley said his chest hurt so he
went to bed early
yeah okay so before we sit down and
watch The Walking Dead I just kind of
wanted to kind of wrap things up for
today Veronica
still on the phone it's only crazy horse
lady Tessa love you des uh great news
lady Tessa we load Tessa I was just
watching some crazy crazy crazy stuff I
don't want to go deep into it right now
because I want to do a little bit more
research but big giant shout out to eat
them from h3 just an amazing job
checking and digging out all this crazy
ad boycott stuff that's been happening
on YouTube and it all makes perfect
sense I might touch on it and
Wednesday's upload but tomorrow's up was
going to be something special something
I came up with while we're on vacation
but uh yeah I'm going to call it for
tonight from here at the Gilroy House we
bid you a fond farewell and a sincere
thank you so much for watching your
support means so much more dress than
you could ever know especially in this
moment but yeah thank you so much for
watching and we can't wait to see you
right back here
you
