good morning glad ears let me show you
what they're up here doing I'll show you
what's going on in our house so the boys
have like let's just say they have an
overabundance of toys we've pretty much
come to our wits in as far as how they
don't they don't keep their room clean
so we need to get rid of a lot of the
toys and the only thing that we know how
to do with them is like donate them to
like a once upon a child or so we're
trying to get this done real quick so
that I can then teach Veronica how to
edit her first vlog and then after that
we need to get out of here and do
something fun cuz it's Sunday he goes
back to work tomorrow my butt out to LA
we're gonna try and get some stuff done
yeah
so I'm running into a very annoying
problem on my iMac I'm trying to get the
iMac ready for Veronica to start editing
vlogs on it and it won't connect to the
internet which is really strange because
as you know I just upgraded my internet
service so the internet is banging but
every time I try to connect maybe
someone can help me out I've got full
signal on FB I that's my my wireless
network but every time I click on it it
tells me I cannot join it
try moving closer which doesn't make
sense because I have a full signal and
I've gone through network Diagnostics
everything and it doesn't fix it I don't
understand I don't understand I've made
the computer forget the network so that
I can retype in the password just to
verify that that's good
didn't work I don't know what else to do
I don't know what else to do so if you
have any solutions and I haven't got
this fixed by tomorrow hook me up let me
let me know what what's going on here
what you want to put on your Mario
costume here I'll help you yeah hold on
hold on well hold on to my arm there you
go
it's Mario Mario where's your hat what
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait I
found something in your room when we
were cleaning what all I need is a
mustache yeah come here let's put it on
hey hold on hold this
I'll get the sticky part off here yeah
what on you
I think there's alright wait can you put
it on okay say it's me Mario
have fun
look we had them organized all their
toys balls animals ammunition which is
nice and full now and the guys cars all
there connect stuff Legos yeah we had to
do something up here we get we actually
came up with to 102 bucks
one two boxes full up towards it that we
need to get rid of and we're gonna
donate that one's not sticky no more me
we're good we're getting ready to leave
we're going out no out to front you we
got mail in the post office so let's do
a cool quick little mail vlog right a
mail vlog no-name taylors South Carolina
South Carolina
hi chase my name is Chris I'm 11 years
old and I'm a big fan of yours and you
helped me through tough times if you
don't mind can you send me your
signature and the rest of my family in
Romans family too and I left $25 in
there for a smile more t-shirt I'm a kid
size medium and the color black and
white for the t-shirt and to smile more
bracelets one black and white you have
one pink in black if you get it if you
get a dog can you please name it cooking
oh we're gonna make sure that you get
exactly what you want yes
Bay City Michigan
hey Gilroy it's Mason pick what's up
buddy
um I wrote you mail a few weeks ago but
this letter goes out to Veronica
Congrats on the baby you guys hmm I'm
from a family of five as well it's never
quiet around the house yeah yeah I'm bet
not to be rude but I'm still waiting on
the autograph and it's been a few weeks
now if you are working on them it's no
big deal I can oh I am sending more
stamps I'm glad Colin Carson are happy
about the baby brothers stickers with my
okay
Florida Jolly Rancher Green yep
the green yeah I like the grape the
watermelon okay probably the great ice
blue by the grape is my favorite yeah
we're gonna go out and get some food and
bright you know it's family dog so we're
right on the wall
it's alright we'll get through this
together
it's all you've driven this road a
hundred times Hailee's hey yeah get away
get on the edge of the road here that
that's pretty
very good you better get us where we're
going girl we need a we need a shelter
the winds definitely belong who did the
flag look at the flag they'll tell you
still the house is a dream
great lady
I don't know why they get so excited
about it sir do you like the peanuts
it's because the peanuts isn't yeah
place freaking hack so you guys go in
from here and all parka chief
ready let's go ready ready go oh yeah
get your peanuts boys boys hey where you
going this way
come on dude
five seconds here and Collins already
busting peanuts
same thing every time certain long bacon
cheddar cheese on who's got nuggets
before you think they'll chicken nugget
yeah and I got the 11 ounce sirloin
sweet baked potato with marshmallow and
creamy butter enough with the peanuts
eat that stuff boy
we just which is a delicious meal at
Texas Roadhouse at Brock all she wants
to do is go home and go to sleep now
this is like this is a pregnant
testimony 101 right here he's tired
she's tired a lot I'm blocked like every
day when she gets out of bed she wants
to go to the bathroom and go right back
to bed because just going to the
bathroom one time or eat and then go
back first yeah good
true story I'm sure she'll throw up she
throws out a lot better better but the
morning sickness
it's kind of like an all-day sickness
yeah yeah it's getting better but it
seemed like every every two minutes I'd
hear Brock in the bathroom can't believe
it's that time again I don't want the
kids to go back to school I'm having too
much fun with them
hey that's just hand sanitizer I got flu
what you don't need hand sanitizer huh
come on boy this whole place just went
dark for a second it's black power now
we're all just in here and all you hear
across the whole store is don't leave me
did you see that yes that was crazy
Oh yep for your lockers look we're
getting spoiled applause yeah listen
there's something I'm I'm kind of
disappointed because I found France two
dollars each right
markers two dollars crazy are not crayon
crazy are has the trance for 25 cents
and the markers for 77 cents but I can't
get crazy art because it says it says
Crayola
it's wrong dude
here here's $100 that'll make you feel
better
everyone does their fair share okay here
you can take this one - no that's heavy
take take this oops sorry
there you go all right come on mister
take this one that's good
we found ourselves in the middle of a
war yeah what you got me oh boy crap I
got so into what I was doing I forgot
that
hey man you vlog so I started in the
Rockies hey I didn't film you making
this delicious cookie batter from
scratch formed them into perfectly
symmetrical balls and place them evenly
on the pan but I'm just Gill right
that's that's how I roll
actually I'm just kidding it comes from
if it came to me made that way would you
believe that on the package it says it
says do not eat raw cookie dough but raw
cookie dough is the jam boys what do you
think of the cookies yummy delicious
aren't you glad we had cookies instead
of rounds yeah yeah yeah they're gone
they're tasty yeah there's something
about cookies that just goes so well
with glass of milk Oh eat a couple
cookies and then just slam the glass
melt one
what are you gonna do with that Colin
that's so good that's so unnecessary
that round the cook years of a nice
glass of milk just about did me in
Bronchos watching Big Brother you guys
watch Big Brother at all
Veronica loves bring Big Brother she's
watched it every single season and it's
actually pretty cool to watch
it's like a reality show competition but
it's pretty intense it gets intense
looking the process of working on some
video
I guess you'll have that I'm gonna get
everyone to bed and I suppose we'll just
see all of you right back here
