a good morning look who I found it's
Carson Carson and colleague my boys
they're too busy playing we've already
spent some time together this morning so
far they said they missed me a lot
ain't that right ain't that right you
missed daddy so much my own my own
instructions your own instructions well
guess what we're going to Grandma's you
guys ready to go to Grandma
what mommy's ready she's getting
impatient we trust me when I say mommy's
ready and she's getting impatient that
means we should probably get oh no don't
you be that yeah dude I'm so happy to be
home with you man yeah I don't want to
do anything on my computer today other
than I have already edited two vlogs and
uploaded them
oh the countryside
honey like driving your g4u defense you
know the bad part is once I got down
there it's just safe for the Jeep is the
Jeep is a safer vehicle to travel that
long distance the car
the Honda it has like two hundred and
eighty thousand miles on and
I just felt better driving I felt more
comfortable
we think boys are you glad to have the
Jeep back yeah
I sure did yeah
so there is home from Kentucky hmm
Collin give me high-five any high-five
one ranking right down camera I couldn't
reach you you cheated you cheated you
were too far away you guys wanted a
porch update since I have been away I
don't know how much more they got done
on that deck up there let's give a look
let's give a look
hello we're on the top on yet but he's
got this besides school I suppose she's
gonna put like windows screens screens
along that above this wooden rail part
it's going awesome right they haven't
got the metal yet they're waiting on the
metal look who came out hey look it's
looking like an actual space yeah yeah
where's the metal where's on the metal
stuff well he hasn't that hasn't come
yet
this weather turned south real quick oh
my and uh there's my baby booty I got
here and she was sitting on the couches
that's what happens when you're a new
mom dang dude okay you're back teeny man
income deal with that sundial my Beach
does hey hey don't talk bad about the
Irish they have some iron yours and we
love we love we love you Ireland we do
or the killjoy
Gary mm-hmm Gary McHugh yeah yeah
they're freaking awesome you guys are
awesome shout out to my friends or love
and Gary because they're twins and
they're from Ireland and they're frickin
awesome
five minutes ago it was like almost
night time out now the sun's out dude
are you guys watching TV or what yeah
grandpa disordered us pizza are you
gonna have some pizza yeah whoa it's
still raining yeah hey Dad
get it out of the rain that's all right
here I'll take it
thanks man we'll see you later wrong the
only thing this pizza needs is ranch
ranch and a little bit of sprinkle
Parmesan it's the craziest eater I've
ever seen so I gotta lift out laid back
down he gets that for me you got he's
probably got more faces than I did
that's cute he's like welcome home let's
get some pizza
mom
mom's been upstairs since we got here in
her bed cuz she doesn't feel that she
has a headache but funny cuz I don't see
any traps in there that was a view from
Veronica's boobs this whatever you got
in your eye you guys I mean you're right
when is your finger I like how I like
how I came to mom's to bring the boys
over here and it turned into like an
all-day thing my dad okay
yeah they don't even once think we're
getting me and my dad can just go back
and forth conversation conversation
conversation keep talking all day it's
nice to catch up actually cuz I've been
gone for a while
dad I freaking miss you man yeah
freaking mischief has ever seen a candle
like this look at this contraption what
this thing it's like a candle all
wrapped up into a coil that leads up
into this little holder that you up I
mean it's just cuz it blows my mind it's
so simple
this probably catches all the wax keeps
it Myrna we should try that
what no wax what is it
it's a beeswax it doesn't drip we
seriously been just hanging out hmm
we've been hanging out over here all day
just kind of chitchat and talking relax
I don't know just been enjoying some
some family time I'm gonna join family
time first we're gonna go home and pop
in a movie and watch a movie and laugh
eat popcorn yeah you want popcorn
yeah cheesy popcorn
oh yeah peanut butter popcorn crazy
harness for bond on this dad I promise
we'll bring it back the second Tuesday
next week okay mom I love you I'm glad
you're glad that I'm home take some
Tylenol get rid of that headache we need
more of you in our lives but not on the
couch bye dad how do by shauna buy one
themselves nice now how much you want to
bet by the time we get home you guys are
gonna be passed out how much you want to
bet I'll bet you five ice cream
sandwiches that by the time we get home
you'll be passed out do we have a deal
shake my hand
we got a shake on it okay deal if you
don't pass out then you get five ice
cream sandwiches yeah
that's the deal I'm not gonna pass out
okay who made it
Colin you made it Carson did not yeah he
was asleep and he just woke up on him in
the door get inside I'm gonna get Buffy
it turns out we don't have we don't have
five ice cream sandwiches but I promised
him that I would get him for him anyways
cuz they're cool they're awesome she's
had enough
Veronica's like you know man the boys
have done a number on this place covered
anyways we're home it's late and we're
gonna watch movie we're gonna rent
divergent okay it's all the rage right
now newest movie not sure who's in it
either Johnny Depp it's Johnny Depp
Thanks
you gonna make sure you're right we're
just gonna sit and watch a movie and
relax and be with each other because we
haven't been for the past few days
stop that's the end of the one for today
yes we will see you right back here
tomorrow ready go come on one more time
ready tomorrow
all right freely ready tomorrow
