good morning guys welcome today 164 I
don't know we had to come to Home Depot
because we're hunting for something to
move things around
we need a little cart today's a little
bit is gonna be super funny on my TV
show on that thing since then it's been
done about twelve times the elevator you
said it the toilet
elevator bit I imagine you're going to
work and hit the elevator
you're waiting doors open and this old
man right here is sitting on the throne
with his pants down taking a dump that's
strong strong we need something strong
to carry a toilet cuz I'm not gonna
carry a toilet no sir
and Tommy ain't gonna carry a toilet no
sir oh yeah gloves nah that's a good
idea
smile Tom you're on candid cameras
pretty flattering this is my last day in
Kentucky filming with Tom is Brent the
most most amazing camera man on the
planet other than me
look at this photo talk about world's
least flattering photo it looks like
this dude here let me unfold it looks
like this dude is totally checking out
the cow's ass get that suction tube I've
always thought what what fun it would be
to just go to the top and slide down
that bad boy into the trashcan you know
my luck there'd be like there'd be like
cases and cases of broken fluorescent
bulbs in the bottom I'll just slide down
there and cut my shit all
jump from the top all the way down yeah
we're at the same place that we did the
escalator runway thing the 4th Street
Live this place is so cool I want to
come here at least one time just just
relax and see some stuff there's a Hard
Rock Cafe yeah don't see those everybody
every city no no no I think the last one
I was in we were in New York City
filming with ed Bassmaster and we were
inside the Hard Rock Cafe and that place
is super cool
this is the coolest set that I've ever
had the privilege of filming on right
here
moments ago tom was sitting right there
just dropping a deuce this is the sports
of social club it's so badass look
there's a bowling alley VIP seats
I guess upstairs they got pool cornhole
I don't have there's a bartender yes
they're lacking anything
Tom Tom wants to have a beer do you want
something great yes please I'll have a
tall cool
Bud Light same here purple grass but
life
so outside here it's like a street
pretty much there's a stage set up right
here Jamie Johnson country singer I
guess I just thought my team if he's
talking about was that was cool to see
the TW what's he do he engineers and
mixes a lot of our Jamie's albums called
on the road another laughs Anika okay
that's cool and the guy who produced by
truck truck truck truck truck he and I
moose brown produces Oliver puffed a
measles
we should probably finish filming put
everything in the truck and then just
stay that's what I'm talking about
Oh careful careful careful don't break a
nail holy shit
with your eels look at them look at look
look look big heels girl that's that's
tough walking around there hey hey this
is the stage where Jamie Johnson will be
playing tonight
it's pretty cool set up that board I was
up there the other day for that later
hearing that sweater prank up there that
board is a big giant LED screen it's
pretty sweet
let's check this out I'm here with Edie
at the Hard Rock Cafe check out all of
his Flair man that is awesome what do
all these pins
it's all happening you know promoting
our company
dude that is a rockin shirt with a bunch
of rockin pins
well thank you just look around here
Hard Rock Cafe is historic for music
I mean it's rich in history in music
music for life that's a good motto right
there all these guitars old plays bang
with those cones Madonna Polina is gonna
tell us a joke ready all right ready to
go all right tell us a joke the peanut
butter and jelly beat peach Joe all
right take a bite out of one side it
tastes like peanut butter but on the
other side tastes like jelly
this guy hears about this
goes to the farm that grew it and he's
like hey man I really want to try one of
your beaches
sure enough the farmer bring them a
beach find out a 1/5 peanut butter other
side jelly like this is friggin awesome
do you have any other flavours I was
like what what do you looking for it
goes well do you have ones that taste
like
haha so the farmer goes you know I'll be
right back
they bring them up each guy takes a bite
out of it he goes oh look who showed up
my boy Sam Boyd loafers dude hey man is
this leisure leisure day dude
walmart has some of the best loafers did
you get those a woman didn't where's the
penny go Ernie when you go in here I'm
gonna go in here I'm gonna take that oh
man today was a huge success this little
bit is gonna be a gold nugget this
little elevator right here I mean could
you imagine just walking up pushing the
elevator button then seeing some dudes
sitting there on the toilet just taking
a big fat do so
look we're packed up we're leaving we're
done that's a wrap that's a wrap on this
bit that's a wrap on my trip to Kentucky
Tom you were super hospitable thank you
again
how'd you like the mattress did you
stick the mattress to the cup I slept on
the mattress
pink is my favorite color I didn't want
to tell anybody but it is it really is
my favorite color
Tom just told me that his birthday is
tomorrow
Tom happy birthday 26:26 right right
I don't sleep enough I know I don't know
nothing I believe that I'll buy that
whether you know it in a it feels so
good out I think I'll leave it out ah
you're too much man hey we'll see you
but I'll see you back at your house okay
okay yeah Tom's Tom's going home he's
got to go to bed he's got a big day
tomorrow
Raceway
make sure
make sure you guys go over to Tom's
channel and wish him a happy birthday do
it for me
happy birthday Tom go to Tom a vlog one
word by Tom all right Brent it was a
pleasure working with you guys you guys
stick with Gilroy he's a great guy knows
what he's talking about right now so you
guys stick around oh really okay okay
let's fart more that's why some more
later Brent all right all right so I
just got back to Tom's house I gotta get
my clothes and stuff and I'm ready to go
home man I'm ready to go home I want to
see Veronica and the kids and just play
with them and have fun you know do the
dad thing I'm a do my dad thing this is
pork mmm
you know I wonder what it would be like
I just took the Porsche home yeah thank
you baby
oh yeah that's probably a bad idea all
right gotta get my bag packs and get all
my other stuff together and head home I
cannot wait I'm gonna change into some
more comfortable driving that's for sure
you did all that for me yep Oh Josh
you're too kind look this is a prop
extraordinary we got the bunny we know
the bunny a little baby on the back the
remote-control Reaper on top Village
People hard head yeah nice don't scratch
my paint Josh homeboy
all right I'm out of here
yeah give me hugs
dude it's fun as fondue there's a lot of
fun hey Josh so are you gonna you want
to get back with me on your schedule
definitely I want to go to Nashville for
sure I would definitely schedule around
I'm gonna get some stuff long Froman and
Batali
yeah but if I could steal you for a week
that'd be awesome
see isn't it isn't that that's the kind
of stuff that makes a man feel good to
know he's wanted it's really fun to have
you here oh thanks you did you're a
great worker and you're you're like the
best we got if I had a dream team be you
Brett and some girls bale boobs all
right man I love you love Katie I will
see you God knows when so Veronica and
the kids will say hey I will I will
thanks dude I'll see you you know I
can't understand why you guys weren't
digging the Kentucky vlogs because Tom
and his family
are some of the coolest people that
you'll ever meet seriously you may talk
a little fast you may have a country
twang to him but they're seriously the
coolest people on the planet I got me
some food
grab me some fuel got the GoPro set up
think now is the best time for you guys
to sit back and enjoy this short
there's a long four hours it's a long
four hours I started to get tired like
that's the worst when you're driving in
the car by yourself for a long time and
you start to get tired
I had to here's the solutions you first
blast the air conditioning that doesn't
work roll down the windows that doesn't
work you make a phone call and
thankfully thankfully Dennis was as poor
as I was so we helped talk me home so
thank you
did you miss me I wish you lot are just
a lot well I'm home I don't do me for
quite some time
I said you're home braum just gonna go
through a rigorous editing training
session yeah in the next everyday till
she gets it wouldn't that be great if
you get two vlogs one from her
perspective and one from mine only wama
way yeah don't you know it don't you see
the board
definitely good to be home there's a
long drive I'm seriously tired all right
so this now is the end of the line so
I'm home and she's ready for bed so I
guess that means that we'll just see you
right back here
