good morning ass good morning look at
this day look how beautiful this day
started
it's absolutely breathtaking
so I'm gonna sit out here and wait for
Tom to wake up yeah one cup of coffee
that you know I can't live without wake
up a little bit
and wish I was that guy I'm motorcycle
there's a good morning Tommy Tom's up he
looks like he's tired sucks you got a
mystery bruised my face all sprawled on
the tum wears contacts and I've never
had to wear contacts glasses so I think
it's amazing how people wear contacts I
see I put in my hand wash my hands you
wash your hands really good but frequent
contacts it otherwise we get any kind of
speck got it hurt so I'm thinking about
putting my hand there I can't rush it
off the tab I take a little business to
get in there little drippy drippy drunk
good for gold one tape you hold it there
for a second so stuck to your and didn't
work hmm I'll tell you what that has to
be a big pain in the butt but it
probably looks better than having to
wear glasses is that the look what I did
I made good decisions for breakfast
today
blueberry blueberries and yogurt some
orange juice start the day the healthy
way right that's that's vitamin A
enriched too
you can't trust anything that says fully
cooked yes 100 percent real bacon mm-hmm
maybe it used to be it's mid-afternoon
we got to get the heck out of here and
start filming for the new bit I think
what we're gonna do today is actually a
little bit secretive so I can't show you
exactly or filming again but no worries
we're still gonna have fun have a lot of
fun
oh and you know what I definitely made a
decision on the on my hair product
I was trying the old spice stuff right
axe definitely takes the cake
this is the stuff to use don't ever get
away from it it's like the king it holds
my hair up I was at
yesterday's video and I noticed that my
hair looked ridiculous ridiculous
so it's axe all the way for me we got
the go-ahead to film in this shopping
shopping mall here and I was just
floored by the store here near that it's
a nearly new shop it's not old not quite
new you know pretty near to new we got
our camera setup I got my headphones
didn't forget my headphones and you know
we've got another day at work man we're
just gonna start filming and jeez I wish
I could show you guys what we're filming
because this one's funny we filmed this
same bit last week when I was here and
it was super funny I really want to show
you guys what I can't but you'll see
soon enough I'll give you guys links and
stuff are you really gonna do this
yes Tom Tom's gonna wax his nose hairs
with some gaffers tape
yeah squeeze your nose together okay now
hold it hold it there you go
on the first second get nice and nice
and stuck all right look good oh you got
one I can't get away no what am i doing
our last little piece here we had the
cops show up
yeah man dude that's awesome
hmm you're an outlaw now Tom what do you
think about that I thought you're gonna
arrest me and I'm the gun
I got video people steal my wallet
you're gonna all right we gotta get out
of here before hell one of us gets
arrested again that's the kind of film
and I'm used to man when the cops show
up what do you think about that dude oh
it's not okay won't be the last either
look up pranksters hazardous is that the
cops love business yeah they love to
feast on your opportunity I haven't had
the cops on site for a long time
last time actually it was when we were
arrested ATM ATM yeah arrested and then
charged with disorderly conduct and
inciting or inducing panic and then
acquitted of all charges that's
beautiful
yeah so we're done done filming for the
day and right down the road here there's
actually this it's like a Veterans Park
and they have like this huge helicopter
that's on like a post so it's up in the
air and looks like it's flying and every
time we pass by it I keep going Tom I
got to get a picture of that I got to
get a picture of that so me and Brent
right now are going to take a really
cool picture for me to put up on my
Instagram so by the time you're watching
this it should be up make sure you check
it out at Jay's Gilroy thanks to Prince
extraordinary photography skills I was
able to get a really cool shot check out
this helicopter the picture is gonna
look weird I can't give you a sneak peak
you're just gonna have to go to my
Instagram check it out bombs in your
butthole just open wide up and just went
this day has been so busy editing
filming now we're getting ready to go
back to editing that's about my footing
is that coming the majority of our day
aside from what we did filming has been
editing editing editing editing editing
tom toms got about to apologize for my
very very short vlog today and I won't
apologize for Gilroy's very short vlog
he was working diligently for me in my
company and segment puppy's been on that
computer
literally I'm gonna say every bit of 10
hours today to the long hours on a
computer and I gotta go back to Tom's
house and do yet more work for yet
another client unmentionable Johnny
Carson this is Tom mabe late night he
comes home and he's like just start
reading through the cabinets
no no chicken soup miss chicken chicken
overbold
I never seen it before know what you got
oh that's cute bring this off wait is
there a chicken noodle soup so perfect
you found it
no boy stocked pantry is complete
without a big giant bag but I've had
this for a prank for a Christmas Frank I
found I can't see it - I don't know
these are like my mom's overeager but
like I was just about to give you mad
props on your buttons should put like
sequins on them and everything like the
Styles miscue she had the style we did a
bubble focus group on a prank that we
shot today I did about put it up on a
private channel Bobbi Wyatt you know
Bobby you met Bobby yeah Bobby's awesome
but I love that guy waiting at Cold War
why she said we were laughing our butts
off the whole time it's awesome yes good
job on that now Tom starred in the prank
okay but I filled it
not a hundred percent we have grant as
well on the camera - I filmed it I
edited it I did it and there's I did it
there's four DS this for days and edited
I did it I edited it it's time for bed
it's time for bed check it out bad
grandpa's on TV even though I would love
to watch it I can't because I still have
a little bit of work to do and I read
some comments today that said that you
know we hate your vlogs while you're in
Kentucky I apologize I'm sorry if you
don't like the vlogs while I'm in
Kentucky but there's nothing I can do
about it because I'm working it's even
harder than I'm working all day long and
I still have time to vlog and get you
guys a video for free you think back to
when I started this channel I wanted to
I quit my day job because I wanted to
pursue filmmaking and I'm standing in
Kentucky
pursuing filmmaking I have a little bit
of work left to do on on another project
that I'm working on so I'm gonna get
that done because it's like almost two
o'clock in the morning and we have to
work all day again tomorrow I will see
you right back here
