good morning guys we're starting right
here at Tom's office look at how this
dude dresses up today you know not
pulled pranks I want to look yes mm-hmm
roller we're doing his famous can you
tell me what we're doing yes yes this
has been done be famous and it's funny
the escalator runway prank yes ah model
citizens fabulous and just lovely yeah I
can't wait till people are walking up
the escalator they hit a red carpet with
red rope people sitting there clapping
cameras lights everything the whole nine
yards and he's gonna be announcing just
these normal people walking up the
escalator it's so funny you'll see more
as the day goes on I can actually show
you what we're doing
Sal Tom drives
downtown Louisville once again and I
gotta say this city is really cool man
the architecture is one of the things
that I really like there's a lot of
really cool architecture here and ladies
on scooters I really like that part too
we retreat laughs right here we are
we're at the spot we gotta unload real
quick we're gonna have like these white
chairs red carpet the red velvet rope
and just normal people are gonna be
coming up the escalator if you're gonna
walk down this red carpet as Tom starts
announcing them like they're a runway
model and part of the I mean the
funniest part of it is the fact that
none of these people know what's going
on and they're just gonna either you
know do the normal white guy or they're
gonna just go all out and be like this
is the star of the show right here
that's better
oh we have our first contestant come on
down this is American Eagle this is
Tom's buddy Bobby okay he was here with
us when we sing karaoke he's a good ol
boy right there I like I like Bobby a
lot me not enough gotta know I love you
kind of way
I mean this is a pretty legit setup
right here we got all these people
sitting in there the audience people
have to maybe this model
this is a really simple gag man people
just come right up this escalator they
have no idea what's going on and then to
their surprise they call themselves in a
fashion show hosted by this man top and
a judge fabulous shootings doing so well
that that Tom decided to reward everyone
with a little bit of pizza how's the
pizza guys right now check this place
out 4th Street Live it's so cool I mean
it's like a open-air pavilion kind of
bands play there it's just like I don't
know man it looks like a
I can't say it looks like a Vegas trip
I've never been to Vegas but it looks
it's pretty dang cool you know the Hard
Rock Cafe pretty sweet
back home we have something called
Easton it's like a marketplace and it
looks something similar to this but this
looks more alive it's not a rat
confident I think we got like 53 marks
yeah I want to hear it yell it to
everybody that's a wrap folks come on so
wrap whoo people good job I was excited
I was real good
what do you think Darian he's sitting
here watching the whole time it's like
man that's funny dude your old YouTube
prank right over you saying you're like
my inner jab get in a black your energy
man whoa whoa I need a good dude I got
incredible stuff what's great is you
have four again four different angles to
choose from two GoPros and then my
camera and Brent's camera a little rain
did you think it's gonna rain
dude when we were in there and that was
dark that place had like glass ceilings
that was tinted glass one point until
dark every time a plane goes by you look
up seriously the plane looks like it's a
hundred feet above the deck first time
it freaked me out but you see that
big-ass plane I saw the big old military
plane Air Force plane yeah the biggest
thing was in my entire life yeah but
it's not the biggest plane mate yeah but
this thing has no zip built it was huge
against me please a common enemy and say
hi to her I'm a talker I'm worried about
you know what that's a good idea I'm
gonna call my wife suta same time yeah
alright hey honey what are you doing we
just got done filming
alright well Jason thought it was a good
idea to call his wife same time my
doggies are ya honey say hi to Melanie
honey
we're just checking in we're just being
good I thought it'll be over vlogging a
little bit mm-hmm that's funny man look
Tom got a little rust uh rusty stains on
his white shirt for my hair so old he's
so old he's sweating rough
hey Greg Tom maybe I knew about it
wonder if you can see my always present
deputies honey they're all waving at me
and I'm just I'm just sitting your own
your Kentucky cops a nicer people are
nicer yeah
I'm allergic
that was a little messed up dude this
place is awesome
are you coming in crop everything man
it's awesome
we need an elevator yeah to to anything
you could do if you need props for a
prank you come to a place like this
adventure alleys they got everything you
need that's where we got these chairs
and the red velvet rope and the red
carpet yeah they're great man here at
Toms we travel with toilets in the trunk
because there's no time I mean there's
no time to really use the bathroom when
you're filming so you just you get you
know it's opportunity knocks you gotta
answer the call right I love your
haircut by the way Brant it looks good
Tom I'm about to take full advantage of
this toilet here we go I don't know how
much how much more I can take
yeah so bad I might've just peed a
little this right here is my biggest pet
peeve with YouTube so try everything
done with the video for the upload Save
Changes blah blah everything's in there
all I had to do is hit that one button
my video hasn't gone up yet because I
didn't click Save Changes this one but
and Tom and I have been sitting here
editing through this thing through the
video that we shot today and it's good
it's really good it's really really good
the intro is probably one of my favorite
parts and then we haven't even gotten to
like the real meat of the video yeah we
need a break so Tom's friend Kim it
can't will who does the podcast with
them she also plays live music she's
really good from one a year we are
actually gonna go and see her and her
bandmate Doug Kevin and Doug came in
Doug
yeah I've I've really heard a lot about
her music and I want to see how good she
is so we're gonna take a break we're
gonna watch some live music and just
relax
so I can carry on Oh
wait for it wait for it wait
you
nighttime I'm going to bed
underwear man get back to some underwear
this is the most interesting part right
here alright guys good night night job
oh holy crap anyway hit it back down to
my apartment it's my apartment when I
stay our time here
small oh geez kids these kids of me and
my meeting my bunny friend here we're
gonna call it a night
you know we've got a little catching up
to do I'm gonna curl up on that couch
and get some shut-eye because we got
some editing to do tomorrow finish
editing this awesome prank we shot today
escalator runway super funny so I'm
gonna catch all of you right back in
here oh come on
