good morning everybody how are you
feeling today how did you enjoy
yesterday's video is the better question
that's what we do man we're dropping
bombs we're dropping bombs this week I'm
going into Best Buy because like I said
the course of Gilroy vlogs is changing
and I need to get another camera for
Veronica so that she can vlog while I'm
away we'll talk more about that in a
little bit nothing we're gonna keep it
old-school man the 115 it's 99 bucks I'm
using the 110 right now and I know that
all of the newer ones the newer model
ones they don't they're not that great
they're not that much better to justify
another hundred dollars so this one does
great I've been doing all my vlogs on it
I think that one will be just fine Best
Buy was out of the of the camera that I
wanted to get I didn't want to spend
$200 on the camera so we'll just wait
until they have it I'm supposed to be
going to LA in a couple weeks and I
wanted I want Veronica to still be able
to be a part of the vlog Channel and
with me out of town that would be that
would be impossible if not for her
vlogging I've hopper Annika how to edit
with Final Cut
and with her own camera she'll be able
to upload videos from here at home which
is gonna be great for me to see -
because I'll certainly miss them you
know it costs me about fifty dollars one
way to Kentucky so I gotta fill up
give me some gasoline petroleum I do
need to mow the grass before I leave so
Veronica doesn't have to worry about it
and if you follow the channel you'll
know that I kind of missed the day when
I came home that's because we were
trying to figure out you know are we
gonna give out the secret is time we we
spend a lot of time going back and forth
as to whether or not we're gonna
actually reveal it obviously we did so
we have a day's worth stuff that we kind
of missed and while I'm mowing I figure
I'll just go ahead and show you that now
Colin have you ever been to stay in
shape little-known fact
Veronica used to work at statement shape
that right on it used to work that's
that's taking shape
they permeated yeah she's to it
yeah the wears a bowtie that was so
funny
she'd get to work she'd get ready for
work and had like this black slacks on
this white dress up sharing the bowtie
it just looked like she was going to
like you know dance had a wedding or
something has the man yeah it's girls
don't wear that yep you're gonna wear a
cool hat dude it's so cool watch this oh
yeah I want a pulse rubbing
let's wet clean both cream and the
chairs and tirion top okay and a straw I
think I want to get the strawberry
banana side-by-side that's what I want
what is that a little car
yeah mommy my dad's fancy french fry
what's your name it's me it some
before I get salty Anja it's a banana
and strawberry side by side milkshake
how awesome is that
dude I can't wait that I couldn't even
house it's all Utah Figment look at that
I clean mine out - kandi is sure is full
of singers well you still should
it's still delicious but yeah it's
delicious
what was your snicker Yannick
there that you can't beat this one
bananas strawberries I said
it's the most delicious milkshake
upright ever had I was fun right we went
out and had some milkshakes was a good
time hanging out you know as a family so
I'm getting ready to go and I wanted to
bring to your attention I'm gonna switch
up I'm gonna switch up my hair stuff
usually I use axe messy look but this
caught my eye so I'm gonna give it a
shot see what it looks like it's not as
thick it's not as thick thick as ax I
don't give it a couple days see what it
looks like so I got my bags packed got
my gear read we're gonna go to spend
some time and I'm I'm out of here again
hey you dude I missed you
mm-hmm you look wonderful today I just
want to say that hey Kane what's up dude
there's my boys your Superman my pants
are all so easy yeah your shorts are
pretty cool too
Eliza yeah he likes the lies so weird
that we can all talk freely about having
a lot of people in the comments want to
know if we're gonna carry on the sea for
a boy or if it's a girl start of the
name could be well we just went with the
sea they have the same initials
CLG yeah as you yeah what probably what
oh really
apparently Veronica knows something I
don't
oh that's cute that's so cute and
original yeah you know that was really
thoughtful you Brittany you found out I
was going on town and he thought you
know you better have coming before you
great we didn't have a whole lot of time
for a Q&A so I'm gonna have to balance
to Kentucky now but not without standby
to my wife kids
honey you come to say bye to me I gotta
go I gotta go to Kentucky
you know Louisville Kentucky
I am going to go to your mom's and I'm
gonna get the other tonight camera or
the battery for the other camera okay so
that I can try the logs yeah guess what
wrong it's gonna pick up on the vlog in
and it's not so important this week but
more important maybe next week or the
week after when we really start doing
something cool and we'll keep that a
secret until it's 100% official yeah all
right it's what Veronica is vlog I have
to actually get online with her yes and
I'm vlogging is vlog mommy
pardon me for vlogging give me can you
give me I love you I'll be back I'll be
back Saturday
okay and when I come back we're gonna
have so much fun we're gonna blow
something up yeah in water balloons I'm
leaving bike and I love you too buddy
yeah you got that I think the drivers
gonna drown in there your drivers gonna
drown in there
all right that's a beautiful sunset to
look at as I'm driving back look at that
right there and that's that's beautiful
that's beautiful so yeah as I'm driving
back to Kentucky to hang out the Tom and
I call it hanging out because that's
what this job feels like and I gotta say
it feels really good to be doing what I
love to do and that's filming me filming
filming filming if I could film in my
sleep I would Here I am time has passed
and I'm in Kentucky with Tom mabe lucky
and Kentucky
that's right and Josh is still up Josh
nice haircut my life my first haircut
I'm getting better next time your sister
boom Oh professor don't we cut his hair
cut what's her name was it Kiki she was
awesome oh my gosh I'm vlogger she said
I see you don't she's cut I said she cut
my hair chase within and we just had to
give it a chance and she says you know
why because once you go back you never
go back come back like okay thank you
did you know 15 we don't know where you
talk about at some point you're gonna
have to let go it's 11:30 I just got
here and Tom's gonna take me to get some
wings because I'm hungry and he's hungry
can you drive
I've no money of course I can drive I
haven't been driving for the past four
hours at school and we smashed some week
you ever had fried pickles fried pickles
for beat up the absolute best you gotta
get it
super-good you like them right I love
the Prophet yeah yeah you know I'm
healthy nothing like the baked pickles
better never seen a big pickle but I
never ever ever I don't have never seen
one either this day is done so we're
gonna close out right here right done
hey congrats on the baby I'm not the
father your wife don't even like me
your wife despises I'm gonna where
Annika loves you I guarantee that all
right guys so more coma tomorrow
huge epic prank stay tuned can't wait to
see you back right here epic and uh pw3
know your kind of state tomorrow oh
right here so stay tuned we're gonna
have a lot of cool stuff this week we'll
see all of you right back here
tomorrow
