what happened it is your head cold yes
when you got brain freeze by drinking
cold chocolate milk feels so good to be
home with my kids this one I don't have
rice ones you have brain freeze yeah
in Veronica Oh Veronica everyone miss to
your nose mm-hmm for sure oh you're so
beautiful today oh that is stinkin cute
man hmm
that said that's my boy I trained ya
ready :
ready we're going to the store we need
we need to get some stuff like number
one priority is salt for our water
softener because our water is getting
harder we're low on salt so we're gonna
go into town I don't know get some food
and just hang out family and gather some
things we need for the house front who
made cheese ball just because yesterday
she makes the best cheese ball it's the
best that's pretty good one wait little
snack no that's what I'm talking about
well through let's throw some peanuts on
the floor boys yeah
let's track rose after one let's go
hammer it boy hey you know you could try
and like squeeze it that's definitely
weird
where's car
we're Carthon
we're not a restaurant here
so you're after dinner can we after
dairy candy curse I picked those two
which one the same one yeah those are
runs no runs
yeah this must be handicapped entrance
if this is the mini camp entrance why
are we going in the front
he's looking wrong with us
Colin's been run over by well he'll be
fine
he'll be fine
I found see frogs crap
school resume
okay bubble I goldfish lago up every
time we come here boys black one oh my
gosh it's so awesome i didn't it so bad
wow that's a scrap you wanted taking him
home no so I can hide him put him in
your bed crab what do you think Colin
what do you say we get some snacks and
we rent a movie when we go home and we
watch a movie and surround sound like a
movie theater underground base that's
awesome alright let's do it what kind of
snack you want
thinking of what
we can get some only snacks somewhat
army smacks army snack oh my goodness I
don't know
do not I can't see clearly on this hurts
it's hurting so badly here we go ah okay
guys I've been riding under the car like
literally under yeah I'm right here
right there look what I just got an iron
sword
Wyatt you're awesome yeah you can play
my rounds
yeah shampoo for you to shampoo yes all
right we got sample all this salt yeah
for the ocean oh we just got the Walmart
got done from Walmart got all the stuff
can you believe we walked in there for
like just a few things it ended up
spending like 150 bucks long it's crazy
every time you go into Walmart it's like
you're you're destined to spend three
times as much as you intended on going
therefore it's crazy
Veronica's going to find the voice and
clothes yep just go thrift shopping pick
your dollars for a t-shirt I love it
here you guys go with her have fun and
we'll see you back here in a little bit
I'm playing with kids okay you take that
okay drive safe
well there he is Chase is correct I am
going to the local thrift store just to
see what they have as far as boys
clothes kids go through clothes so fast
and you can find great deals and great
clothing and the thrift stores so today
it's gonna be the local goodwill
eventually I am going to make it up to
this place called Once Upon a child it's
like a children's thrift store
they have super nice clothes you always
check them make sure they're not ripped
or stained or so we'll see what they
yeah that Goodwill didn't have much
today I guess that's how it goes with
their stores sometimes they have stuff
sometimes they don't so maybe tomorrow
I'll have to drive up to Once Upon a
child and actually get the kid some
clothes all right it's go time we're
about to drop a huge announcement on
amber yeah what's up dude we just got
done playing and I got nine sore dude no
yeah that's awesome
what three controllers let's wait to
play that hold on we have to tell you
guys something really really really
important sit right here
I like your gray Hey all right okay but
come sit right here so we got to tell
you something very important they been
outside all right
first I want to ask you guys a question
do you know what it means when a lady
is pregnant she has been hmm yeah that's
pretty accurate so what would you say if
what do you think would be like if you
guys had another brother or sister now
lie with some everyday I have to do I
would like a sister oh really
yep and what should what and what would
she bring up she's her name be what her
sister's name be oh I see Eliza cuz it's
the prettiest name on earth oh yeah I
got I agree Eddie hmm what would you say
if I told you that Mommy is dragon
that's pregnant hmm you'd have a baby
either a brother or a sister well I'm
telling you it's true it is true mommy
is going to have another baby soon it
takes a long time but it takes a long
time to grow yeah you get can you
believe it but you're bigger fix it
better you guys is going to have another
baby and when and the reason why we have
the double buttons is the baby can see
it watch what do you think mommy's gonna
have a new baby yeah and he's gonna be
whiny one first
but is this news to you did you know
already or what yes we know already we
know already
hey - told you ha ha ha did you guys
know hey did you guys know mommy was
gonna have another baby
yeah till just now well it's real yeah
it's real over the next coming weeks and
months
mommy's belly is gonna get really big
yeah and it's gonna have a baby inside
there yeah what would you want to name
the baby I don't feel like I like that I
like that I like that okay iliza if it
was a girl what if it's a boy it would
be
hey how about Evans abundant aware take
in Evan so you'll be excited how do they
cut the baby out okay cut the baby out
how are you long over to you the baby
out Carson had to be cut out and why did
I I just I and I had to be worked out
yeah you're a big turd exactly so you're
like needless to say there's gonna be
one more Gilroy yeah
we'll be a family of five and if we have
ten more babies we're gonna need a
bigger car I think we'll need a bigger
car ready yes
yeah want to get a baby crib
mom wait no we don't have to get
involved oh yeah
wait I gotta go potty you said that five
minutes ago and you never II went all
right well good talk boys yeah so by
watching that last clip you probably are
already aware that yes it is true
Veronica is pregnant and we are
expecting another another Gilroy are you
super excited what listen this has been
killing me because we've known about it
for a couple weeks now it's been a
couple weeks we just wanted to let some
time pass and let all the family know
first and it's uh so everyone else knows
the kids just now found out so what you
solve the kids was
their first initial reaction and I got
to be honest thought they'd be a little
more excited they're only five and six
years old I mean they know the concept
and they know kind of what goes on I
mean they have two baby cousins now no
they kind of seen that there's probably
a lot of questions going through your
mind right now um how did we keep this
from you guys without you knowing um it
was it was very difficult to see all
those questions in the comments saying
Veronica's pregnant and never addressed
them
that's probably why I've been pretty
absent from the comment section for
walks I just don't want to get caught in
it but the truth is out we are gonna
have another baby
was this a planned no no it wasn't
planned
um but it's awesome
either way I mean it doesn't matter if
it was planned or not um Colin no no no
no my kids were playing especially
person I got pregnant Carson done Colin
was only seven months old yeah so yeah
we didn't know happen and no having kids
is the best thing in the world it really
puts in perspective what life's all
about nothing else matters but your
family and to grow to grow our family
even farther is just a blessing it
really is so um get ready for a wild
ride Veronica is Veronica is an
excellent pregnant lady that's I mean
let's put this in a positive perspective
you guys will get to see what it's like
to go through pregnancy from our
perspective and I hope that we can she
can teach you a lot of things
out what it's like being pregnant what
pregnancy is all about and then a long
time from now nine eight seven maybe
seven months girls if you're watching
this is the perfect chance to dive into
our channel because you're going to
learn more about what it's like being
pregnant than anyone could ever tell you
hang in there with us you're going to
see a lot of interesting interesting
video over the coming months and I think
that's probably just about all that your
mind can handle right now so we're
probably going to call it a night I want
everyone to really think about you know
some questions if you have questions
we'd love to answer them and maybe
tomorrow's video at the end of it yeah
we'll do it like the comments yeah we'll
do a Q&A so think about any kind of
questions you'd like to ask us and we
would love to dedicate tomorrow's entire
video to helping you guys understand
what I mean it's not hard to figure out
she's pregnant and I mean what else what
else can you say nine months from now
we'll see the fruits of our labor this
is our life we were just living it day
by day
so I suppose with that we we will see
you right back here tomorrow
