goodbye mabe house see you soon
this is bittersweet it's like it's like
I gotta go home but I'm having fun
filming dude before we get going
Tom's always got his bathroom wolf guys
got a good bathroom before they get out
I'm gonna edit today's video so that
hopefully I can upload it before I go
home because once I Drive I won't have
another chance to do it so yeah do it
now
Tony dvcam old school this is a super
old school like broadcast television
camera yeah the first to have like both
HD HD recording on the tape as well as a
memory module that can record the
digitally the CFL that's a sexy camera
dude obviously new cameras have gotten
quite a bit smaller and a fair amount of
upgrades as far as you know like high
quality video but that bad boy right
there is probably saw some awesome stuff
and today we're actually shooting a bit
that tom has done before so there
doesn't have to be this secrecy of what
kind of prank we're filming so I can't
wait to show you guys some of the some
of the stuff that were doing and it's a
really cool quick you've heard his would
you lie for me bit and it's so funny
basically an interviewer is going to ask
random people in the public questions
and he's gonna ask them to lie to spice
up his his video shoot so it's gonna be
a lot of fun right here right yeah so
where your problem can you just say
you're from at all I'm doing thing on
Kentucky trip okay so where you from
Idaho Oh
what part
now you get a lot of confusion on this
one people be like oh I got you I got
you Brent I got you so good mmm that
could have been you Tom it could have
been you downtown Louisville is that
learning from being here that you can't
call it Louise no it's not Louisville
it's Laurel
Louisville not Louisville right that's
right look look at this over here mayor
I gotta get I got to get on that look at
this listen this old bandon building
look at this this looks like a movie
scene right here it's awesome I love
being in the city of so much cool stuff
to see what I was looking at that's
awesome
well it's just I don't know I could just
imagine the movie scene in there so high
right now so high so high up right
Abbie's with us again today she's doing
releases for everyone everyone's got
their roles you know Tom he's obviously
the talent he's the smartest one talent
give me your best how y'all doin I'm Tom
man
how y'all doing up top babe
Brent parking meter extraordinaire slash
cameraman can't forget that fire got
your game face on
you ready to crank it up crank it up my
friend shark calm they can take total
shirts and put them like art they put
like your old rock-and-roll shirts Oh
cuz I thought sure yeah but something
completely different at the park yeah a
little fart went too far oh yeah this is
looking good dude Tom's all ready to go
Tom made my confirmation my country
nation here folks
frankly it's a great choice
part of this
Tiffany yeah look at this is this is
from the talent point of view you guys
probably never see that this is what you
get to look at when you're the talent
we're in Toms case show them that crazy
you may show them that great view people
get to see when it's going to be
happening okay okay
is this there's this big music festival
going on today
it's called forecastle never heard of it
before but if he's a foreskin Festival
in downtown Louisville
got a place called against the grain we
stopped to get a little a little bite to
eat maybe a little drink yeah that's a
brewery so they make their own beer
these guys went for like a Bud Light s
type of beer right and I said I want
kind of like 1/8 like a Irish ale this
one's considerably darker yeah
hope it's not too bitter
that's not strong draw that no anything
yeah
interesting
that's interesting you like it no that's
a pork risotto fritter right there
nursing anything like that I'm gonna try
it out right now what sauce is my
barbecue top maybe
so second location
Lugo I gotta say man Louisville is
awesome it's different you know it's
like
I just got completely demoralized that
I've never been happier he goes get a
haircut
oh yeah that dude was lengthy yeah Wow
I know yeah I loved Asheville that bus
parks up and right across the top it's
yeah it's an authority of River City oh
I've changed my mind
yesterday's she wasn't my favorite this
one's my favorite
good job man kill me
you you kill it that's your job my job
is to kill her you show up and you kill
it kill it this is
right here big tour everything down
except for that part there they had
that's a good set right
what's that that's yum center let's get
CEO center
downtown a little troll pod troll pop
out of the bridge the troll under the
bridge oh that's clever man that's good
there's the troll statue right here
ladies smoking this is a hooker the
girls about to get out a little go home
gears up yeah I gotta get I gotta get
all my stuff in the Jeep Brent's
converting files this is the machine the
machine keeps going even though Gilroy
is going home Tom's editing I'm getting
the hang of it yeah I just need to go
sleep for like three days well when you
start getting older you can't run like
you've been this week well I got just
got dressed in my in my driving clothes
so I can become for you while I'm
driving home you know what was a little
kind of goofy I'm almost um again yes
like movies I saw a counter I should get
some sunglasses uh you don't wanna do
tonight what I want to sleep till
tomorrow please do I'm leaving I'm going
back home to see Veronica and the kids
Kim it was a pleasure working with you
Tom as always hey you don't have to miss
time while I'm gone really because Tom
vlogs just go to Tommy vlogs and watch
him while I'm away that's the nicest
shoutout Tom made vlogs one word alright
Tom we'll see you soon
Brent good to work for you man shaking
hands hey man I'll see you soon alright
for sure bye Tom my cam it sure man no
problem
alright gladiators let's go home gotta
be honest I'm pretty excited about going
home and
Veronica and the boys so I think right
about now is the perfect time to cue the
these look familiar donut oh so ready to
be home I can't wait to see Veronica
boy did you miss me I just want to say
how cool it is to be home with two of
the coolest kids on the plane that's you
guys just so you know in case I wasn't
clear yeah I know
oh yeah yeah like what
I know many tales plants vs. zombies
it's a little bit about details Kirsten
okay okay daddy dad ready dad Red's day
dusty has proudly salary
when detail that's a good little bit
that's a good little bit right there
all right not bad not bad clapping clap
dude this this right here is my favorite
place on earth with all these guys I
mean Tom Maeve's criminals but he can't
touch Collin and Carson mmm no way I
mean it's my turn it's my turn to flap
like a birdie I just missed you so much
we definitely need to go shave hmm
Veronica hates mine it's so cactus eat
what chin cactus I'm sure everyone
listen I'm sure everyone in internet
land missed the crap out of you however
I didn't see a whole lot of comments so
if you were if you did or didn't you
better let me know because I was seeing
lo video views for the past four or five
days I can't tell if it's because yeah
maybe it's because they miss Veronica
they figured you know what
to hell with chase because I watch him
until I know he's home so I can see
Veronica and the boys which is a valid
point I mean I wouldn't stare at my mug
all day in the mirror I mean I rather
look at you I mean you with all your
people follow your curves and all that's
pretty swell
I've had a long day drove four and a
half hours and and I'm tired and I just
want to sit with this lady right here
mm-hmm yeah I miss deal yeah yeah one
sit and hold my hand on the couch and
still yeah all right guys thank you a
million for coming to Kentucky with me
there's a lot of fun hanging with Tom
and we might be going back next week
some point to do some more filming which
would be awesome all right guys that's
all for today I we will see you right
back here tomorrow
