good morning guys starting the day with
a cup of coffee the Tom may they Tommy
the only one that's right not that black
kid who's going on charging them with
the Tom made credit card real
african-american kid we all don't need
speak my home state my hometown a
Louisville Kentucky that you yeah that's
me and uh you got dreadlocks I've never
met a African American ain't I who would
steal that would hold on I had to take a
phone call from Dale you guys remember
domino deo we did the trifle together
but Tom just went in here to suntan city
to get a spray tan see what he's got
going on the attendant was a super super
rude person she didn't want me to go
back there her company policy but Tom's
all done come yeah I'm sold by thank you
thank you hi I'm wearing a hat am I
gonna happen I like that I like the work
so I'm gonna cook somewhere you smell
like the beach I do don't I do too so
rude cities like you're not going back
oh I was like you realize I have to film
Tom while being scrutiny me tell you I
do spray tanning for fun either I'm sure
I'm gonna feel weird it goes yeah if
you're worried about the shirt I do the
shirt because I do the show I do the
spray tan because no I don't have budget
for makeup artists cuz all the time they
have someone we're gonna do this around
be a newscaster and I think you should
have done something a little more
dramatic like maybe spray paint instead
thanks racing it works better but anyway
spray tan did you do it and you may have
your done 000 of a top rope i have
cougar like a cougar this is the most
fun i'm handing all we
oh yeah here's what I can show you ready
Oh tom is that all right I'm just glad
I'm not your wife hahaha you're like a
five pump chump man that's a pawnshop
that's a 550 I was a five home runs oh
dude I could oh my god all right I
couldn't breathe what I was a good pump
to be yeah well 29 20 30 that's real
slow right yeah don't get me fat one two
three four thousand but so you're
knocking a few not counting this
movement you're counting the time
between between each movement so the x 1
2 3 4 5 and you were done which it's
time for lunch I'll eat some food eat
some food before I wither away watch
I'll disappear watch watch me disappear
you see that I disappeared Tom try it
well sorry it stands still you're gonna
disappear when turn sideways ready
where'd he go oh he's right there tom
hahahaha we've kind of been delayed
today because it's well it's a rainy day
I guess Kentucky has days similar to
Ohio well we're bordering states so sure
the weather kinda is congruent with each
other right and by that I've been
hanging out with you with for a week I'm
using bigger words like this guy's got a
very extensive vocabulary use big words
that I could never understand line foot
and shoe the penn station sometime this
is like a subway right I've never been
to a penn station yeah part of the best
they're hot like hot subs all I like how
so we should we should get penn station
and then go right to cold stone creamery
I'm old stones good man Harvard odd all
that does look good to philly
cheesesteak yeah coming at that look at
that they even use fresh potatoes for
fresh cut fries
I've never I've never I mean I've heard
of them what's that have nothing in your
neighborhood I don't think I i don't
think i've ever seen one
East Coast ups and we're on the east
coast I should probably brush up on some
penn station we have seriously been in
the office all day working on editing
right one of my primary functions for
coming this trip was to teach Tom Final
Cut Pro X and I i gotta say i can now
turn my computer on him by myself and
I'm huge step Emma a huge day you were
the best teacher thank you and the whole
thing he said don't don't don't shake
until you're finished pan yeah never
thought of that will never thought of
that you got me you got away with it the
true story rest are you going nashville
tennessee right I'm peeing Mike Mo or so
you know I something like come on come
on come on that's right I'm sorry I
start shapin I'll shake it off of it and
i saw i got great no peripherally i saw
in space a peek up hit the guy Nick
right on i SPECT oh my hero and he felt
it too high and we both like did that
just happen no wait we can't we're
grown-ass man he can't say no but I
can't say how about I mean but you know
I'm like you know this some places like
that costs extra would you say that
you've gotten out of me a proper
knowledge of oh god my regular camera
guy Brit it's just he wants you to move
here yeah yeah so uh no it's great it's
great cuz i'm pretty much an idiot when
it comes to computers and whatnot you
know you're not a i know i'm a genius
mash don't like i like Snow White like
I'm down plan yeah I look at my hair cut
yeah Tom's gonna get his hair cut cuz
we're gonna film one last bit tomorrow
and tomorrow after we're done filming
daddy's on his way home so you ready for
Annika there's a storm coming it's got
Gilroy all over mm-hmm perfect hang
Gilroy mm-hmm guess what tom is taking
us to the pizza joint right what local
pizza Louisville pizza and apparently
they're having karaoke there so I hear
that you know I want to get you know hit
mine here's my idea for a a great
tequila night a great a great karaoke
night
great okay sing a song with Walmart
bondable to eat it yeah only when I work
for harm tell you got people come in the
same song that's it right little pitchy
by like this yeah that's a doozy that's
nice ha ha ha I'm pregnant my stomach's
being in my warm too short she got
slapped I'm cool top lock take a load on
top you started it hey Mike thank you
all right work that fantastic sams out
shampoos this means her so good i sing
the Cape moving on the outside of the
cake second round torture /a movie all
the way down she said booty shall we
have already done something like you're
my girl watch 500 I'm a cup all right
more cause it's honest I don't wanna oh
my god I think you're right hospital
yeah yeah yeah you're really good at
this hmm back at this place this is the
pizza place that we went to the first
second day I don't know my date
everything yeah tom toms pretty well
known around here and like i said
apparently they're doing karaoke tonight
okay and i'm gonna have to show off my
my pipes well this see this thing comes
in handy when you gotta sing it gives
you a little extra bulb ah little ball
little matter how high and everybody
knows everybody and I just so happened
to run into my little buddy matthew
matthew is a big fan
not only me but the Roman have a channel
and he came up and say oh my gosh gonna
have a picture of you did you know that
what happened to me in Kentucky
seriously hey it's good to meet me buddy
if you dog Josh already went up there
and put me down for Neftali Cyrus now
toes by zac brown band here's the thing
no no I'm gonna chicka pronto yeah yeah
yeahs not in Kentucky in this town seems
to be all about country right and you
got your choice I don't listen a whole
lot I don't know what country you're
from but it's all not feel like it would
be highly appropriate me for me to
seeing anything other than hunter
so Josh put me down for zac brown band
zac brown doe and i think i've only
heard that song a couple times I don't
like your eyes that you're tired a hard
dirty only heard of the call time drop
lay siege off paper put this song on my
list
ready hi guys ah got those in the ward
as in the sand my word in the world cold
beer
yeah I'm gonna do
city
ha ha I live
Robbie father around in the water not
the water ass in the sand
the word
my last name
Neil
yay
Yuuki Rito I have no read and this day
ah dios mio mio y NT
grab my guitar
I mean how'd it go what do you clean
guys I mean look good good time tell me
come on if you've been touched by the
vocal guard now stop it it was shopping
for good no seriously I've never heard
love nah I've heard that song couple
times but I didn't know the word I
didn't know you had a boy goodnight
avoid my father personal need hear that
Romo felt sorry for thanks great you
know how are you saying that ha ha ha ha
don't say that to me all week I am
special so you know
now
i'll meet you up to back on solid ground
if I
man you found a live well
you promised i was my super
i miss my cold beer on friday night
their teens our fingers right in the
radio
light is all rise
aggressive
a little thing like dogs well this is
what you jack ok
got a sign or peace of mind this I come
to know so if you agree and bring me
Ricky glasses board of thing don't get a
chicken fried cold beer on Friday night
pictures 30
arise you know
ah
whoo as Josh right here boy that's all
right Tom man if I have a water song
video song for 17 years just call
tequila
if you see you and me now
Oh
I let you down
where we get there Alaska Tommy and that
was fun boys let's go walk it was good
Josh killed it Tom killed it you got it
you can get yours jcd grow did I do good
yes you are oh thank you josh have high
five my man I didn't know tom was such a
I have a couple country singer man you
know before any award or anything you
see in my office before comedy I was a
student a studio musician and writer you
don't you know uh I believe it not right
now so that's what we did for love well
it sounded good I hope you guys enjoyed
it maybe we didn't sound too bad maybe
head on your phenomenal day I didn't
know what I know you had that skill I
saw new chase I never saw it was a look
at the rules of like a that's cool j's
hahahaha the cool chase well in a couple
of my you know I like to keep reserved
for the most part now then a couple of
my videos I've done a little guitar
playing and singing Europe you know I
never you're so you're a good guitar so
the boss can you do it yeah yeah well
thank you look anyway that was a ton of
fun man I I haven't done anything like
that for a while and it was a lot of fun
hey gauhar not your sisters don't read
enough cheese so on the last night Tom
decided you know chase Gilberto I had
too much is sleeping on that couch we're
gonna bring in will bring a mattress are
you a 2 pillow portion not well I mean
you got one you know I got one pillow
here's a white one here was two pillows
yeah and you got Parker to keep you
comfortable Parker's awesome man this
dog man if I had another dog I'd have a
dog like Parker he's cool man Parker my
boy he's awesome we there's a lot of
time many a nights that we bought
something I felt like this
Lottie partner in your bath oh my gosh
sitting there with a beer oh my god dude
Oh Tom mabe revenge tell my gosh dude
that's funny man it's sitting there what
the thing of beer I probably would not
have come in here tonight and saw that
in the morning like what the heck is
this yeah tomorrow I go back home ah
it's see my lovely wife and kids I've
had a lot of fun here Tom mabe had a lot
of fun we've done a lot of cool things
we filmed a lot of cool videos or should
you guys how to edit I set you up with
final cut pro x yeah yeah baby tomorrow
I go back home ah good to see my lovely
wife and kids I've had a lot of fun here
Tom mabe had a lot of fun we've done a
lot of cool things we filmed a lot of
cool videos or should you guys had to
edit I set you up a final cut pro at ya
here we are it's the end of the night
we've reached the end of the line it's
uh it's unfortunate that my time here
has come to an end but can't wait to get
going on a bed nice beds oh that's
awesome did they put any goodies in the
fridge like nothing you at least fed me
and it gave me plenty of beer more than
man could ever want and Doritos so is
all we're gonna hold it for a few more
weeks of summer yeah yeah I'll be back
for sure we've got some more stuff to do
t gladiators see brothers this is
anything I where our guys so I guess we
will see all of you right back here
tomorrow
