check this out brent brent is about good
morning by one or brim is about to
interview me like this is gonna be on
like a really awesome national news like
television show right here my interview
what we're going to talk about I'll be
up to you hmm when the biscuits go limp
you have the chocolate starfish in the
hot dog flavored water at this point and
today I've already uploaded yesterday's
vlog shoulda went out that Joel Owen
Hart and i just finished editing today's
vlog the sugar up but I don't want to
put them up back to back so i'm gonna
upload the vlog private my guess and
then sometime later tonight I'm on a
public it from my phone from the app I
haven't been able to do that before from
mobile so I'm excited to see well I need
to get was excited to see if it works
I'm ragged out this office do you gotta
go hello we're we gotten a pretty late
start today pretty dang late it's like
for walkers brinson their work and I've
been in here editing uploading Kim it's
gone to get you know food and beverage
for us and then we're gonna start
filming again but what we've like
officially wrapped we are officially
wrapped lit dude you're gonna your pants
when you see this hahaha tell me when
Tom mabe has a budget to shoot a prank
deed that's good right yeah that's cops
on standby ambulance on standby just
wrong oh man that's what that's why
you're Tommy that's what hey another
great day of filming we got a later
start because we wanted a different kind
of like lighting for this
and it worked out well i'm happy i'm
having haha can you make it up the
stairs dude britt britt did in an
exquisite job he actually played a role
instead of instead of being the
cameraman which was freaking off good
glad you thought just imagine this poor
guy running across the field and being
tackled full steam was it pretty he's
like I'm too old for this man you up too
old for this so needless to say it's
night time already and we're just now
getting done filming and it really sucks
that I can't show you guys what we're
filming it's Tom's top secret project
for a top-secret climb so you have that
but now it's time to charge all the gear
get everything ready for tomorrow more
shooting I'll tell you what I've been
more productive as far as filmmaking
this week than I have been for a long
time long time it's going to pay off
because we've made some pretty cool
videos if we're going to go to bdubs
maybe or somewhere else i'm not sure
exactly but i don't usually eat while
we're filming a whole lot so it's nice
when we're done to go chow down have a
safe drive thanks guys dude you killed
it today awesome brent lives like 45
minutes away from here so he's got a
long grab water wings on Wi-Fi the Tom
song ranbir jog go with my 8 foot
they've got all of one low
yeah haha he just asked me to produce
the music video Horace what do you think
should i do it it's country truck in the
hood ha truck truck truck raat me and
chase going to delta dash to bdubs look
at act so good right now I'm you know
I'm gonna get you ever Heather you ever
had a hot dogs to Prairie pops nice hear
this so nice you're giving you enough
honey get the honeybaked free pups
really dogs yeah you have not lived I
get the kool-aid mom no I'm gonna get
fried pickles oh that's not good in all
day spicy garlic wings Tom just informed
me of some really awesome news
and that is rude tube in the UK voted
his the drunk Matt might be like this is
the third time I my first one was a
fight me than feeding the homeless like
four or five years ago i got an e-mail
tube belated congrats your videos are
number one video I'm rutube most
possible best ever better than Rowand
Vitaly yeah and if what I said I thought
what I said definitely should I give you
a ward something or did they just said
we'll just put it on the air
unfortunately more people watch the
toaster the what brutally how they
immediately nothing no prob a lot of
fans in the UK man we're gonna help can
we go to England I'm going to blog with
you guys but that's a great honor man
congratulations on being just to honor
we're just hanging on earth all right
cheers Cheers that brother hahaha hi
already a half my spicy garlic Luella
for him told you guys what I got and
spicy garlic my favorite flavor of wild
with Buffalo allow the brand new one for
me I like Cajun no no what is that
garlic that Bullitt County B power D
Pauly I've not had a bullet not easy it
keeps the trick to pissing treat
yourself get to bullitt county bee
pollen hahaha get the roman atwood
blowjob just chicken wings it is so good
get that you're nothing get the roman
atwood blowjob just wing it's like tom's
probably saying that because Roman just
dropped this in
what do you feel about dude
it's going to go here oh my god which do
you think was better the anniversary
prank or the new
anniversary brain pretty solid but this
is gonna get a lot of attention to lead
to the Dutch of it when the girlfriend
to do in the favor
everyone's joked about that really
whatever dudes ever thought of that but
once it would come down to it I think
they take the ladder rather than you
know ruining the moment haha she died
I'm real life I've actually thought it
would be good don't stop jumping good
finish it up don't leave a drop gonna
leave a drop dinner was good
walk the dog Tommy Oh turns out i forget
what that was like to walk the dogs hey
hey except for rifle hop asleep what the
heck is going on here no I can't put
some round that drink nothing really
what happened oh ok I will go up an
asshole it is laying on the chair of
what the blanket underneath doesn't
really like a man in that direct at all
and then um dos a pillow and it in dough
into a blankets and the legs to make it
look like someone was in it that was a
boss move right there dad for the record
josh has been sitting there for a couple
hours I'll see you right back here
tomorrow it's not time you in the voice
we're not we're not done here I'm
guessing around
an excellent show tonight won't continue
have become the custom here late night
it proves me to take pause and introduce
you many distinguished guests we have
sitting in a studio Oh for thought I'm
sorry that's all good he can't he's been
working hard this week he needs a means
to drink some nyquil and go upstairs
seriously check out for life at least
eight hours good night Parker you're
just awesome dude you're also a knee you
sux breath Annie just too exciting
grasan well humor every time you walk in
the doors any Josh you got control that
dog dude don't make up the whole house
i'm going to bed right no Josh funny
night Tommy see you all right back here
tomorrow you're getting good at that I
like it I like it this is the end of the
line sorry todays vlog might be a little
short but i spent a lot of time editing
we're just making sure that everything
is right making sure that everything is
perfect for these videos because he's
trying to impress a client i think we're
doing a really good job so so i'm tired
i'm going to sleep and I guess I'll just
catch all of you right back here
tomorrow
