what's up guys good morning it's a new
day a beautiful day and we're back here
we're back here at the office early
early I gotten stuck editing this video
I can't really show you yet because this
isn't supposed to go up for about a
month so I gotta say this is really cool
to have the opportunity to edit one of
Tom's pranks and it's quite difficult
too because we had upwards of like five
camera angles so I get to kind of
sharpen my skills with Final Cut Pro X
and learn I've actually figured out a
really efficient workflow as far as
using multiple camera angles so maybe I
can do a tutorial on that but the guys
left they left to go set up today's
prank
while I finish editing this and Tom's on
his way back right now to check out my
rough cut so I hope he likes it look
what Tom put on my car he's trying to be
funny you know what though I'm gonna
flip this right back on him he's on his
way back to check out my edit so I'm
gonna hide in the back of the Jeep and
as soon as he pulls in I'll put that bad
boy on his truck he just pulled in over
there he comes
that looks good right there it's good
right there that's what you think yeah
it's nice great job
okay okay show here's the new no longer
a lot of work for Romans no lot of work
but they came or any other pranksters
whatever their whatever they're paying
you I'll pay you half to see half yeah
I'm out me today I mean I'm sorry double
I can't for that but there's gold in
these fingers I'm telling you you got
everyone here Tom's Tom's getting
spoiled having me around
obviously it's probably all look at this
this is a group of three different
vloggers Tom's all excited all gonna
surround come out to you hey baby I mean
the big ass dude transid oh by the way
don't kill it and eat it that deer doe
adir don't know three vloging the deer
right now this is vlog exception you
know whenever I see was wrong man she's
an ass Batali Alex all in the same place
usually they all have the cameras out
and I'm like that looks like good and
look here now I'm with Tom we got set up
Sam in the back everyone's got this this
is bullshit oh now great just great now
we got an actual camera
I'm quit I'm going home get me out of
this truck I'm at alright so this whole
is what our prisoner is gonna come out
of and give the whole bit away but this
little hole here has a lot to do with it
and I'm I'm intrigued so I'm gonna climb
down there and you know check it out it
just keeps going you can't see the end
of the light oh I'm dead if you ever
wondered what it looks like down in a
manhole this is it I can hear every
little word I said
echo echo I better not close that lid on
me cuz I don't like the dark
at all
these campers should be back shortly so
we gotta get rolling and I'm super
pumped about this video we just wrapped
on filming they left me a bag oh you
know how much I love Doritos I haven't
eaten anything today I got a better set
for a bag to read it how their flaming
hot Fritos flamin hot cheeto my bad dude
I'm gonna slam these right now cuz the
guy owns the campground we were filming
out today yeah the campground yeah
the app you know as you're out here it's
a little a little more intimidating well
I got a little dip here oh Jesus Jesus
oh yeah yeah I made it holy crap what a
spider
you did that on purpose didn't you
snakes
oh my god dude yeah they're big you get
a close-up see our guy I'll just touch
that guy this is a nice place dude
it's true testimony once again you work
hard and good things happened yeah I'm
not and I'm not I'm not gonna be the
only one there without like without
Casey I've always wanted to do that
always wanted to do that I came up to
music
that's just bullcrap I suppose have a
booth for I was working at Novi Center
in Detroit but the guys from the pulling
down the might remember the boy down my
guys over there make out walked up to
him hey sledgehammer hey Eddie goes this
is bull crap
that's what bm3 was at deploying to mine
down to my guys and sat and the guy
looked at me like walked away I like I
like I was blown away you you'd even
look to County I said look anything for
some for a second he's a top three
things in my life I'm worried about what
that son of a bitch once is not one of
them and that's why he's like head of
cells the Rif in Detroit
it's not what you you know it's let him
run off pop your hills let it roll off
the back of your hills it's for the
third time yeah but that's good advice
Tom that's really advice I had to vlog
all that and this thing is serving no
Sam hates his job so you know me worried
someone who's done a manager making quit
your job is how you live you pay your
bills so you eat you live in a house you
gotta pay rent for yeah you gotta be
more resilient dude a little more
resilient ah my favorite part of the day
is when work is over and we can have a
little bit of fun with Tom thanks for
fun today man that's good time you
killed it I don't know you are awesome
awesome Tom's always awesome but today
is particularly more awesome oh hey guys
I'll be right here take care of that
ladder that was fun you know the bad
thing about skating down hills walk back
up Sam come on Sam bomb the hill if Gil
can do it you can do it this little
sidewalk come on
yeah take this all the way down that way
come on yeah watch it Kinzie this guy's
crazy
I mean it's not huge Saint Saint Saint
Francisco go Sam go watch the cracks bye
see ya hanging beggin me don't even look
like a hill from here bail bail bail
bail
example these are the girls this is Lily
and Andy Mandy
hey Andy can be a girl's name these are
the girls that prep the basement for me
to come stay and Mackenzie
don't forget Mackenzie can't forget
Kenzie she's a sweetheart and Kenzie
Hawks are sometimes Tom's daughter
Mackenzie is a real sweetheart I'm
telling you I say you lay belly on top
of that Porsche and I'll Drive you down
the road at 120 miles an hour
I'll go see it see ya down boy
where's the key bring the key ain't in
it the Porsche oh I didn't know that
well okay weekend oh right
was it right here in the visor house
it's right inside Tom hey burger
Tommy Bert Tom made burgers for Tom made
burger Tom babe the second one this is
the only dude I know that'll come home
at two o'clock in the morning and fire
up the grill and cook brats and stuff
because why because I was hungry because
you were hungry you come to work and you
tell me I want whatever you get from me
is gonna exceed your expectations not
the first time you said that today no
yeah hey can we take we take your
Porsche for a little bit okay yeah sit
on top the laptop when you would take
the pork on top we already told her she
said it sounded like a good idea
is she's in okay I want to lay on top
while chase girls about 80 or 90 look
look here I want to draw attention to
these brought her here
Tom buys these brats they're already
cooked
no they're cooked brats was it that's
what you do yeah I like the double
cheese that's green yeah truffle you
love this shit
you leave one with no cheese yeah Oh
chief I'm starving there Sam not bad
Sam's Club pre Paddy's hamburgers Sam's
Club or Costco Sam no no Sam this is
good
all right I'm gonna take your word for
it I need a bun
I should probably take a look all I've
taste tester Tom's famous cheese burgers
here we go I think I'm King yeah no
usually when I ride in the Porsche I
don't wear seatbelt when you're riding a
Porsches you don't wear C well you stick
your hands out the window and then let's
dance in the garage could you imagine
cruising down Las Vegas trip in this
old-ass fortune it's old Porsche there
is an old Porsche but it's that old the
same 10 years old is 10 years old 10
years old yeah that's right
we're inside Tom's garage I'm just
sitting in for Veronica's home with the
boys there they just got out of the
shower and I want to do a Google hangout
with her see if I can do this here we go
oh yeah
there's my family what do you guys do us
hey Carson still oh my goodness oh I
sure do miss you guys I'm freezing I'm
just not moving
funny babe do it for me do me
give me the high-five understand
Oh bah Bello whoa all right we're moving
oh I think they're waiting on me so
daddy's gotta go I will I sure do love
you I love you guys I'll see I'll talk
to you soon
love you back I know very good very good
all right guys I love you got a roll
ah I sure do love them it's always good
to see their faces nothing can be I mean
FaceTime and Google hangout in this
whole video calls her their life savers
for a travel man I'll tell you what I
don't usually do energy drinks but
tonight's special I gotta have it
I'm freakin tired Brandt your tire
prints are here asleep
no contenders we're going to the office
and I don't want to be any kind of
productive at all for the rest of this
night I need some energy my homie Sam
had to take Sam home because I don't
know why he left your car it's fucked up
huh alright dude good night
pleasure hanging out today in the rock
ma'am night chase
thank you have night two gladiators oh
you're cute I'm going upstairs to cuddle
with my kitten oh that's even cuter bro
hey have a good night I was getting
girls Applebee's that song this is Tom
in his natural form he's not naked by
the way just worried he's boxers it's
underwear yeah yeah so basically we've
come to the end of the line and
unfortunately I've lost my camera I lost
it it's gone I remember I dropped Sam
off and then took the final clip with
him and go back to Tom's and I have no
idea where it's at big bummer big we're
going to go through and recreate every
vlog moment that you had today oh really
we're gonna write now listen just do it
I don't like 10 second Tim blogs
well we don't have like a sewer that I
can go down yeah I've even my kids
better investor yeah dude it's just like
a suitor you got the card help say about
the car yeah you did yeah
our detective he said that it's not snow
on the ground because I used to have a
bad habit of putting stuff on my lap
while driving and then it's there
between the seats in your car I looked
everywhere I looked
every are you gonna use my iPhone so
it's old let's just talk about your blog
it was cool guy tunnel vlog I was
walking over alia and one other vlogs
black Norfolk Eagle yeah they're either
that clown I'm just gonna face a come on
clap yeah like that
yeah that's very like the best vlog
basically I'm going to bed Tom's going
to bed I wish you all a very good night
or a good morning whatever time you're
watching us now we'll see all of you
right back here tomorrow
