there's no more there's no more coffee I
can't do my I can't do my morning
without coffee I already had one cup but
I needed more per got the vlog working
we got Brent working morning everybody
this office is alive in the morning
we're getting everything ready to go out
and start shooting again today to finish
up this um this bit I don't know if I
can tell you exactly what it is but it's
a lot of funds real funny I'm more
excited about tomorrow shoot Oh tomorrow
shoot is going to be high energy on an
extreme you call me let me know when
you're on white or up wanted lost heels
get to crash with a vehicle on its side
it's the truth at last block thank you
ah just trying to get all the footage
transferred over to this computer like
backups um it's always to say it's
always a good idea to save backups just
in case you something happens it's just
always a good idea to do backups so
we're backing up all our files to clear
the cards so that we can get ready to go
shoot again we're just waiting on Kim it
to get here and the PA who's doing
releases and stuff and we're back out
just so you know I just pooped out of to
destroy my stomach so flattered let's
see sine angle mmm he's really solid on
it in what you whoa holy cat hey
remember when we're film saying is
something that way you gotta remind me I
hired a girl for syphilis we call our
gut girl hey are you already same sure
you were get girl and it's the same
sharp beak over shooting the same pranks
I know I know continuity ready are you
ready for this we're gonna smash this
video Sylvia
we get it
Kim is getting dressed prop ready you're
doing it right man the only thing we
should have is like curlers in your hair
it'd be cool yeah we considered that I
thought it might be think Tom thought it
might be too hokey like too costumey Oh
know if you saw my Instagram picture
yesterday this is the old cougar that we
picked up pretty well she's old figure
now everything's ready to go we are
hitting the streets finish this video
Tom Tom you ready I'm ready
I got my I got my notepad I got getting
my elbow right there I got my washable
crayons ass bread well one for whole
page release then take a cup one up one
audition you take we may have one
location for what there's three blocks -
Dennis suggested that I'm moisturizer
that on a daily basis to keep me one out
it dries with sunblock cuz Sun is what's
aging to your skin and this is a 15 you
should really be used like Authority but
this is better than nothing you should
definitely have one of these in your
pocket brought one in today I'm 63 years
old
hahaha here we go let's go sale baby
all right all rise we're getting back to
our first location this is the same spot
we were at yesterday it's a really good
spot so we're going to try and get some
more reactions here all right with the
good old cameraman Brent
so that's cameraman got to stick
together it's good for us to ride
together because we got to talk we got
to be on the same page always because
we're shooting to different angles of
the same of the same situation so to
know his plan is for his shots and what
my plan is for my shots it's gonna make
you know for a more fluid video the
louisville park system is all designed
by the same landscape architect that did
central parks and frederick law olmsted
got like five really
really need well design
parks in town
I've actually been to Central Park and
is very very beautiful and this park
that that we're going to it's it's so
big yeah this there's another one bigger
one those two that are probably
comparable to this in town too
essentially
it really is nice kentucky's got some
really really pretty parks not like a
lot
at all really cool film
tamo I want to tell you you look great
today you know I've been using a new
skin conditioner made by Neutrogena
really I'm going to tell you you're
interested out you know I'm doing some
of the Amway and Mary a summary kms a
lot people don't know what if we're
living a lot so Mary Kay hi I put some
of that cream on today that's really
nice refreshing one sample if you want
more I can you know also I can get you
that so we're getting all the camera set
up basically I think we're ready to
start shooting again screw hey it's a
beautiful day I'll tell you what I am
super excited right now because I just
found out that YouTube's it's called
creator studio it's an app for content
creators like me and Tom Rome and all
the guys we can easily access all of the
functions of our YouTube channel now
from mobile which is super super helpful
Tom some nude on you do did you know the
YouTube creator app is out now you're
kidding me I can do all that stuff from
it's right there baby
it's beautiful this is super exciting
because guys like me i know i roman
Batali we can do our business through
everything you can monitor descriptions
you're kidding me make public private
what you couldn't do before
that's you share links I look Alan only
$1,700 that's pretty strong yeah exactly
nice to meet you man we just we just got
this poor guys so good he's like I don't
know what the heck's going on here I
thought we all going to jail we're good
bleep
I'm Amanda he's the boss down right on
I know what y'all thinking film with Tom
mabe is probably all fun and games but
that's just not the case at all matter
of fact stop for lunch and I had to get
it
big fat stiff drinking me ahh so yes I
some big fat sip and yet it all you're
gonna say there we got a young girl here
ahh should be drinking bourbon that's
Stephanie for 2000 parently everyone in
this town knows Tom main so he comes in
here and I don't hear no she's like hey
Tom what would you like Tom and I'm just
like hey guys chase Gilroy my name is
chase Gilroy you said that I'm gonna see
how he said it like yeah yeah subscribe
to my youtube channel look Tom's getting
naked in a restaurant what the heck
let's go home with this guy oh my god so
Tommy well what I do I look fat that's
the first time anyone's ever said that
to me by the way
so they're having like this benefits
charities for a kid his name's Michael
global this kid Michael um don't tech
were struck by a driver who Texas so let
me be clear that you should never text
and drive
I'm very under any circumstance catch me
listening voice topics like a pop up
voice sex yeah but I read emails and
everything that's a stupid don't you I'm
digging a weather map you see it I want
my picture with you just saying he's
gonna use my joke that gave it hey just
do me a favor and say smile more okay
scramble there we go there we go it's
long we're video uh are you having you
in on six five more
yeah he's partner for me partner thank
you thank you smile or in part more rule
we came back from doing pictures in
checked it out the sandwiches are ready
I'm sorry if you guys isn't still
Ramadan is it that still happening no
it's over is it over
Madonna bon Ramadan uh it's up I mean I
don't participate but I still respect
other people's you know
just don't let them do but anyway Sam
she's ready this looks good someone be
messy things went south pretty fast on
us after our last last clip here this
group of brothers rolled up on us as we
were trying to prank at this car wash
and
they got a little physical with Tom and
then we had the reveal you know we had
the reveal and after everyone's cool it
went away
Tom's wallet he's missing hey you really
can't trust anybody and and basically at
this point I'm importing all of our
footage from today so that I can scrub
through that particular scene and see if
I can catch the person who took Tom's
wallet this is really unfortunate
especially because he was supposed to
take us out to dinner tonight
you know and we just probably won't to
eat at all now this is where detective
Gill goes to work and finds the
perpetrator I'm gonna bring this
perpetrator never try to bring his
portrayal justice like justice on it
turn turn I found him I found the guy
that robbed Tom I hope you're watching
this my friend because you are in big
big trouble big trouble big trouble
inconvenience I work off my bank
everything they charge almost $2,000
it's already I'm too different credit
cards Tom don't worry Tom's got hundreds
of dollars hun 110 10 to 20 s tense
Antonio yeah yeah nah anyway we're gonna
break yeah I'm about to put together a
little yeah a little robbery video for
the you know the Jeffersontown Police
Department oh thank you please hold your
applause please stay seated
turns out I'm gonna start it again
we'll just watch this today but here we
go here we go here we go this is it here
we go keep your eye on that brother
right there crazy and crazy confusion
chaos see him go around the other side
of the car look right there he sees the
wallet on the sea he's like oh how am I
gonna get that check the sneakiness
oh forget now he's gonna tell the other
guy you can see him in smaller the guys
distract Tom everyone's distracted he's
getting it right there boom I got you
put in his pocket so we just got that
clip on YouTube and he's now going to
file the police report so very shortly
the police will be here in a different
case than we're used to
I'm sure and he's gonna fill out the
police report and all that stuff but in
the meantime Brent and I are working on
props for tomorrow's bit which should be
really fun I'll bet you're wondering
what is this circle here but you'll know
in time you'll know this is funny fur to
maintain my privacy I'm filming with
Brent who's never usually filmed um so
is it weird to be on camera
for once I'm not a big fan of it that's
why I like that's why I like to shoot
cameras I've seen I've seen too many
people look bad on camera and I think
I'll be one of them yeah just be proud
of who you are
no I don't like that and the end result
is I used to share it with the world as
all exactly yes anyway the end result
would be you know proper reflection of
you just like me everyday I'm standing
in front of this camera it's quite a
proper reflection of me I can see that I
can see that it probably is
sure that's why you got a lot of fans oh
stop it
so we're still out here spray-painting
and I just saw this cop role and so we
go see what's up
she's prepped to not use your address
idea of a whole number I got the kids
getting off sigh can you let me let me
look and see where it was you know I
figured with something on the side right
God loud he goes 502 so what do I - whoa
it's fun
Oh like piece it three times it ro G I
don't know where I don't have that good
God as it does say it in the world well
usually the fans will call it out and
then give you a time code so other fans
can find it and then you're suddenly
flooded into dated with phone calls from
families I'm done some kid tweeted my
phone number one yeah just not sure what
a today what an inconvenience he
mentioned it to them that's gonna know
what I'm gonna tell you this right now
I'm inconvenienced I'm annoyed and I'm
alarmed
so we have grounds for disorderly
conduct and I'm gonna push for inducing
plan people finest hotel across the
street tomorrow mainly me I'm your guest
a freaking credit card so I gotta go to
my bank there and no j-town but my bank
chase now then what for 30 years no hey
I need some calf you with him when I
quandary for overnight this is my 740
but over my o'malley back when his name
was Walnut Street that's homeless here
they got Molly bill Varga laughs nice
how do I raise money for local that's
fine I'm not I'm a new
I'm from dehorning tariffs are set up so
Sacco and I limit officer King thank you
so much for your help I really really
want to believe that I'm not gonna use
these kids are still my wall I don't
want to do it and tuck it and I thought
well I'll drop it a new blog link yeah
why here I got hey turn sideways a
little bit sucked in anyway I was like
hey I'm hungry we need to eat all right
let me get my driver so we're going on
our favorite places Applebee's
I'm so hungry this time I went a little
different this quesadilla rolls buffalo
wings wonton tacos snuck him in there
you like that it's like I'm right in
their home mister mom I'm too hungry to
vlog I need editing to 1:37 that's
pretty it's pretty late thing we'll have
to wrestle up Tommy Boy in look at these
boys bed what you doing there man you
wanna go what you think
hi I think I'm ready to go we've made
some good progress about here okay okay
okay okay can you believe that tom was
robbed today I can't even believe that
it's crazy don't trust anybody that you
run across on the streets
nobody serious Kinzie and Josh yeah when
we come home with to 10:00 in the
morning and both kids are still up but
that doesn't make their work hard I mean
this is funny Tom's first priority come
home and see the hot dog I was wanted
want one part of other nine major food
groups hob spam being a sausages
belonging peanut butter cup I mean I was
LaMotta oh I thought you're going to say
Doritos in there son
Oh Dorito for was the main number one
yeah get the cheese and the vitamin C DS
mm-hmm it was healthy I
I'm a Dorito freak you know that all
right I loved Rios if anyone were to put
me up in a hotel room and give me a gift
basket it should contain Dorota but you
don't have not put up any I'm in a
basement yeah yeah you put me up in a
basement wait wait a minute I think on
my house up for you know it's a good uh
I thought we did
Oh we'll buy some fire some tomorrow all
right guys I'm going to bed
Tommy Josh Kenzie hey how was VidCon by
the way right I watched the vlog so you
were in there and looked like you had
fun yeah gosh it looked like a good time
I thought it
alright guys no lengthy outer necessary
tonight it's late I'm tired so I'm gonna
sit right down
no lay right down there and go to sleep
so imma see you right back here
