hey thanks for following me to Kentucky
we're gonna have a ton of laundry Oh
ma'am we woke up quite early wake-up
loafer early i'll go up little early
yeah I'm on my own mask hard it's cute
look at this man who this very seatbelt
strap I like that thank you little my
mom that was class health expert look at
that okay
I up right over
cuz I'm a doll for sale oh no the
subprime
we're headed to the office to get
started we're gonna wanna look out for
my corn right yeah the name Harry here
we're in the office to pregame get
everyone on the same page we're start
filming as soon as this rain who leaves
us just be relaxed tomorrow is gonna
nothing more damaging to morale than a
rainy day any day one name everybody and
then you get Tom sing my song when
uh Wow everything's getting prepared
here in the officer shooting they're
working on releases and stuff and it's
still quite a bit early Kim it is much
like me and in the fact that she has to
have coffee in the morning yeah and you
know I start my day with my carrot cup
of coffee don't have accurate well we
got start I can't start my day without
come I guess already absolutely world
title here Starbucks has this new thing
it's like spinach squares I don't know
just just trying to get my greens in
today coffee and starbucks spinach not
having my taste it right now that's not
bad what does it taste like nothing
sometimes their stuff just taste not
actually has a little bit of flavor but
I probably won't ever order it again
look what this old boy brought heal he
must know me too well DOM and it√µs I me
eat those later all over alright so
we're getting ready to start shooting
and I don't know if you guys have ever
met Brent before Brit he's much like me
and he's the guy behind the scenes he's
like the camera the computer
extraordinaire he's not with the cameras
on the computers Ezra he's being modest
he really is the brains behind the
average at tommy's just to face it's the
brains right here so we're getting
everything set up and we're just our
students awesome awesome for accident
this park is a gold mine the reactions
that we're getting here our price sense
and I didn't realize that Tom gets
similar assortment of reactions that we
do when we're filming for Roman our
channel and some people are funny with
it other people are like this whole one
old guy goes now you get the hell away
from me great he won't be in the video
obviously we probably got
six or seven really solid reactions so
I'd say that our film day is progressing
pretty well but we're all parched it's
quite warm out here so we came to get
refreshments beverages that's awesome we
just got to location to look at this
little park deal that's awesome my kids
would love to play in that there's a big
old fountain back there that's cool I
like it this I like this very much here
we are back at Tom's office we're going
to inventory the clips that we've got to
make sure that everything is no good you
can see what maybe we need to shoot
better maybe get a little drink a little
drink little park a lot of really good
stuff some things that we need to work
on but a lot of awesome shots and good
reactions and my book my good pal
Doritos always keep me company while I
didn't but we're gonna go get some pizza
Tommy Tom are you going can we empty
workshop tomorrow uh the other it's
already imported this place right here
just got their building painted and then
high office is right down the road yeah
now there's paint specs all over Tom's
truck every car in this parking lot has
a cover on it except you know I Drive by
everyone like ghosts well but all these
cars got coverage on if I'm driving like
this well sure enough they they were
never paint in a place and but uh you
never have you never had your car parked
there I Drive by about 12 times a day
while they were painting that's why I
got this consecutive
keep out I figured it would be a like a
pie park like I parked right next to
here or something like that yeah you're
saying you got this over spring dr john
bass ana I think i mighta damaged by
punitive it hurts pretty bad really
you're punitive your puny your puny
damage damage from peanut oh you know I
got the same problem puny puny too
you've seen a movie where airplanes to
start going down the pressure pressure
to cabin changes yeah yeah all of a
sudden your oxygen mask comes down it's
Tom Magda crazy girl huh be more help
before assisting other or children put
yourself first even though the guy
doesn't deflate completely they're still
option flowing through the man for boo
Boop we don't have a choice in heaven
and we know you have a choice in
Airlines as our spinning out of control
with the thank you for flying southwest
and tom is a really awesome sport bought
us the best dinner that money can buy
pizza pizza from papa johns i know
that's a good question there's a ton of
pizza chains all over the world yes of
the national chains where would you buy
pizza it's a cool product is it papa
johns is a dominos i was at donatos I
don't know donatos Papa John's started
in Louisville but I would uh yeah ooh
but i would change I think law says
Jeffersonville Indiana yeah that's right
across the bridge sorry
sana Papa John's not another estimate a
church matter came around to I know what
know nothing about this we're all
together here now I don't think I'd
properly introduced everybody oh why am
I here that yes it's fine this is Kim it
hi Kim ekant well she helps Tom she does
a podcast she works here in the office
she's a really good sport this is Abby
she was doing she was running around
getting all the releases for us today
which can be hard no she literally was
running after I can't show you the full
screen but Tom's got me scrubbing
footage going through everything you've
shot today and I gotta admit there's a
lot of good stuff more good stuff than I
than I thought again Sam this is Sam by
the way um Sam when concur there's some
good footage good footage good footage I
mean when you get someone going bye-bye
you believe you must cry yeah she oh hey
that's why you got a big guy you keep
eating all these snacks all day posture
ohms a posture oh this guy was like he
saw a camera he reviewed a camera he's
like no that's crap i scrapped look at
my gut I said what happened what I look
I'm a my truck right right while the
camera guys put the GoPro love I'm
trying to get low redness in my head and
because we had a Wi-Fi thing one so when
I got a little work it went like I stand
up straight oh my stuff is posture over
here see that's the thing man once once
you get famous and you start doing all
these big deals and whatnot you're like
man I got to look good i can't look bad
on camera which i understand but you get
my age you wanna you want to look the
badge again that's why i'm so buff and
skin smooth my hair is beautiful miles
or Never bloodshot yeah we need to get
that just masturbate it's like I don't
know what time it is this probably my
mons that's 1130 great really yeah we're
going back home we're going on
just got back to Tom's and inside his
garage is this bathing beauty yellow
Porsche sexy mama someday I want to
drive a car like that that's awesome
it's inspiring it's motivating if you
work hard enough and do what you love to
do and you're good at it you could have
something like that sweet hi LeBron
James I was actually at the gaming took
nvidia woman from his feet tickle of the
videos it's hard to who the guys but
here the treasury of the technology to
zoom him
we have it turn out look at this back is
that wild uh Annie Wow oh my god Oh me
did I believe it italie was just on
Jimmy Kebe Jimmy Fallon born pranksters
Wow oh god Jimmy Fallon pushing the
movie a natural-born Frank's movie one
thing guys you like my apartment I gotta
work out I'm sleeping on this couch I
wake up do a couple of miles on the bike
run a little bit do some curls with some
barbells you know jump in the shower and
then put my headphones on and go film
some videos it's a pretty decent setup
the end of the day it's time to get some
rest because we got some more filming to
do tomorrow and frankly I'm pretty damn
excited tomorrow night we'll have
Veronica and the boys on for a skype
call so that you guys can see them too I
want to see them stay tuned and I will
see you right back here
you
