good morning everybody how are you today
I'm very excited because today is the
last day then we have to go to the
factory the last day for this catalog
which is turning out to be great and I'm
excited to move on next week's gonna be
a lot of fun this weekend we're building
a roof for my grandpa which is which is
gonna be a feel-good kind of experience
because he really needs it and he
practically begged us for it so it'll be
exciting to get that done unfortunately
I'll have to leave Sunday about five
o'clock to go to Kentucky so I won't get
to stay for the whole project but I'm
still gonna put all I got into helping
him with this roof because I know he
really wants it so let's get to work
we finish out this week super strong I
was reading some comments yesterday and
I saw quite a few questions not only
yesterday but recently a lot asking what
what it is that I do what do I do
well I'm self-employed so basically I do
freelance work for anyone who needs it
and that's graphic design photography
videography I think new videos for other
people and and I I can consider doing
daily vlogs one of my jobs
because it seriously takes a lot of time
so right now I'm doing this catalog for
the our drug company and when that's
done I'll be going you know to Kentucky
to work doing film with Tom mabe and
it's just it's just like that it's some
weeks I'll be slam pack fizzy and other
weeks not so much
I got to tell you it's it's more worth
it for you as an individual to work for
yourself than someone else because the
opportunity to make money is so much
greater than you could say and
McDonald's
because you're your own boss however you
have to pay your taxes at the end of the
year which kind of stinks but if you
budget your money well enough
you shouldn't it shouldn't be a big
problem so I just left the factory and I
can happily announce that we are
finished with the trifold design for the
atwood rope company and we have another
happy satisfied customer which is great
not stopping for me i got going from one
job to the next
so i gotta go deposit my earnings into
the bank account and then I'm gonna go
and hook up with my dad here in a little
while to discuss the details of this
roof that we're building for my
grandfather this weekend oh-ho he's
portly I just stopped at the bank right
and this is the same bank that my mom
worked that worked at she's on medical
leave right now if you remember she had
that surgery on her elbow and the girls
every time I go in here the girls are
like wind your mom coming back we miss
her so much
and hey I don't blame it my mom is a
cool west shit me I don't know if any of
you have the same problem but my socks
seem to always disappear right I can
never find any clean socks so I'm gonna
be quite busy this weekend it right now
is the only chance I have to get some
stuff so I'm heading to Target to get
some socks and some other stuff for for
my travels I just got to the atwood
palace look who i found all these little
boys and kahlan's out there hey Colin
Hey looks like everyone's having pump
cars oh you boys being good hmm you boys
being good yeah you better be
you better be
truck truck truck is there a horse in
there where's the horse I don't see the
horse where is it where's the horse hey
Zeus hey Zeus I wonder where my lovely
wife is they're gonna take one guess
there she is hi honey
I missed you
it's great the the the tri-fold is all
done artwork is complete bottom boat
how's your work good
nice this is all to be shipped
nice nice nice okay it's just a toy
buddy just a toy it's fine
this this is the bad guy is that you
don't like America do you whoa whoa whoa
holy cat here let me get it let me get
it it's okay it's all right that's good
that shouldn't be on the ground anyway I
don't know why yeah but anyway Oh
chicken all right I got you
chicken chicken holy cow I'm reviewing I
did place that comment yesterday about
haters because some people just go way
way too far it's really out of line and
I wanted to address it today and now
that I'm reading through the comments I
want to address it right now the people
that are trash of who I'm referring to
are the ones that just I'm not even
gonna say it because I think I'm above
that you don't you don't leave comments
to people the way that some people are
and you want a joke and poke fun I'm
cool with that but when you start
calling people I want to say it but I
can't I won't
when you start calling people names like
that it's just absolutely unnecessary
I'd rather have a hundred percent
positive followers and subscribers then
half that just love to hate me you know
what I mean I know it does fuel the fire
and there are certainly exceptions but
come on people really since I can't say
it I'll show you exactly the ones that
are trash Gilroy you are tragic vlog
stop coming here oh man unoriginal yeah
like really dude here's how we fix that
this is how we fixed that right here dan
from channel
adios amigo that's what I'm referring to
and those are the people that don't
belong here what the heck's going on the
stood already started without me it's
Friday I do have something for you I got
something for you
I got it special special for my grandpa
present from the atwood rope company
look at here we think 50-foot not good
that's high quality rope right there no
I didn't do know how to fight the Rope
that's utility rope good stuff thanks
dude we're just nailing it
you might fall off there laughs all this
lumber is so funny
you got this lumber from the Amish the
extreme country folk
right it's not pressure-treated at all
not weather-sealed
this is lumber in the raw raw lumber get
it Colin nail it baby he's gonna start
young you know bang it in there boy
you got it he's a big boy still Lord I
think you'd have an interview they set
this up for now I mean this is gonna be
a Sun Room the Sun Room seriously
for real really it is hey boys
want you throw all this wood right down
here you see down here there's big wood
pile down there can you do that
all those little blocks there I'm down
in here okay
even that one all the little ones that'd
be a super big help
yeah yeah thank you boys
do you think good job dad it's starting
to get dark we're still at this framing
up the structure here for this roof well
this is gonna be a whole enclosed porch
which is nice I'm working by the light
of the silvery moon we're out grandpa
just pointing out the moon look at this
moon over here guys you get up it looks
small on camera but that guy is you just
came down and say bye to my mom and then
Veronica texted me she's like we don't
have any toilet paper I set up my mom's
I'll just grab roll all right I'm going
home I'll see you tomorrow
do it again
do it no she's sitting there going
looking this the cream out of the Swiss
caper she's getting all that cream out
of the middle first all right so how do
you you've seen Swiss cake rolls right
Swiss cake rolls how do you eat a Swiss
cake roll do you just bite it or do you
peel the chocolate off the outside and
then roll apart the Swiss cake roll and
eat the icing out first and then cake
because that's what's wrong I'm sure
they do
I'm sure that that's the gonna all right
that's the question of the day guys how
do you eat your Swiss cake roll and bite
at a time or a dissection so Veronica
check the mail today and she got some
stuff in the mail from our mailbox
that's awesome
you guys have are sending fam out so
cool why don't we go through these now
honey a Caesar from Washington game
guide Grand Theft Auto 5 please sign you
just found the first first piece of
paper next tune oh you know what he sent
me a pen oh yeah
challenge for chasin Branca ready you
have to say hmm for seven seconds while
holding your nose 7 seconds ready it's
impossible
from West Seneca New York I've been to
West Seneca New York hmm I used to do it
I used to do work up there I also love
Photoshop art graphic design I'm going
to start participating in fan-out Friday
by submitting my work anyways I was
wondering if I could have your
autographs you guys will rock PS come to
Buffalo to visit Niagara Falls and have
some rockin buffalo wings uh-huh
your 3000 something subscribers Joe heck
yeah dude I'd love to come to Buffalo
man and do some Buffalo Wild Wings and
Buffalo what better place to do that is
from Vince
in Fayetteville North Carolina oh that's
dude you send me a picture bro there's a
picture of Vince right there you sent
one of these cool bracelets these rubber
band bracelets says all these kids make
it's awesome and you put that on right
now hmm Oh take bullet holes that's cool
put that inside the Jeep got almost the
scratches that you put on hey now anyway
always watch your vlogs when I'm sad and
I always end up with a smile on my face
after I was your 990 Heat the subscriber
and now you're almost at 100k I want to
you to do a public prank was Roman one
day that would be awesome
my name is Vince I'm 14 I was born in
the Philippines but now I live in North
Carolina your kids are awesome and I
hope one day I can meet you Veronica
Carson and Colin I might be the 50th
person to ask
50th clothes but I'd really appreciate
it if you and your family maybe room
this family could sign this paper
keep up the Austin vlogs and I can't
wait to see the movie oh yeah since
you're almost at 100k here's a small
list of places to go in Rome oh thank
you Adam Bryant yes good job in court
glad you're not guilty you know what
me too Isis probably her one with kids
Oh what else did you get I got a
teriyaki beef stick Broncos favor right
there
hmm
I'm not sure what show we can get into
the nappa just some lens cleaning wipes
for the camera oh that's cool a little
uh guitar charm huh thank you see ya
dude you're gonna have to help me out
here I don't know what that means I
don't know what this is this looks like
it goes in one of those paint boards you
know what it has like menus you know the
dollar sign google it see what it is
maybe it's like a restaurant or
something mom root beer barrels finger
light sweet and low and this you should
probably put a sock in the wash first
last little package oh yes we have all
of these guns and no darts so thank you
I don't know yes that is it Oh Alex wall
thank you Alex
there's a note Carson and Colin may you
never run out of bullets when defending
your home from creepers that's so cool
dude and save it and and let the boys
open it tomorrow
they're gonna love it they're gonna love
that so oh that's awesome thank you so
much Alex
you guys are so thoughtful thank you to
everyone who sends fan mail you don't
even understand it's
it's really humbling to see that you
guys are so engaged with us vlogging and
sharing our lives with you that you are
sending us notes and one-hour autographs
and sending us root beer barrels and and
nerf gun ammo I mean it's just the
coolest thing we like hearing your
stories and like getting to know you
guys also and that's another way that we
can do that everyone is unique in their
own way and I love talking to people I
don't care if you're six years old or 60
years old
you got something important to tell
you've got a story to tell and
everyone's unique and I think I'm just
I'm just fascinated by people and I'm
glad that through my vlogs we get to
meet and interact with more people that
about does it for thick eyes we will see
you right back in here tomorrow
you
