good morning it's the guild master
coming at you on my way to work as is
the par for this week and you know I was
just thinking kind of depressing it's
July right in five months it's gonna be
December and if you don't know December
in Ohio it's cold cold I was just
cruising into work with the windows down
thinking to myself man is so nice like
this is my favorite time of year when
you can just cruise in the car with the
windows down you can wear a short sleeve
shorts it's comfortable it's summer and
I love it and I'm gonna miss it when
it's gone every year every year I get
really
depressed about the in December because
it's
my favorite time of year it's like even
away giving away your favorite toy when
you've played with it for so long you
don't want to give it away because you
had so much fun with it
and you've gotten to know each other and
he feels so nice and calm and
comfortable and then all of a sudden you
just got to give it away there's no
point in that it's just the point so I
broke for lunch Joey it's my buddy Joey
yeah he's just telling me he drives a
moped and much similar to this he
imagined cruising down 70 on that bad
boy look this thing's even historical
plane no it's amazing they take the
small-town Miller's bored Ohio well no
only the only get the plastic oh I think
it's 34 classic it's 54 historical
either way
historical means old old we are
tomorrow will be fully complete with
this it turned from a catalog into more
of like a three page trifold
so we're right on schedule to finish
that
so tomorrow that'll be all done which is
awesome next week it's very possible
that I need to go to Kentucky
to do some work my good friend Tom mabe
Livio Kentucky before it go I want to
get those new brakes that that I got
from my friends over at EBC brakes and
so my buddy Scott always helps me with
like auto repair things that are kind of
over my grade Scott always helps me with
so we're gonna go over to Scotty's we're
gonna try and fix them brakes and eat
some dinner and just hang out all right
let's do this we're doing this we're
seriously doing this it's time to do
this I've been holding on to these parts
for a little over um maybe I could check
but I'm lazy so it's time put these
fantastic rotors and brake pads on thank
you again to EBC for being awesome the
best part about working at Scott's
Scott's got power tools I think he's got
the pneumatic you know it's nothing
whatever that pneumatic things called
and it's just gonna make quick work of
this hopefully this only lasts for about
15 minutes
yeah
Oh
these screws wouldn't come out right
Scotty he's pretty strong but he just
tapped his screwdriver in there with a
hammer
let's get Jess Scottie and then grabbed
his little monkey wrench around it boom
CalPERS gotta come off so we can get
these rotors loose replace the rotors
replace the brake pads that easy
dang that looks nice look at that look
at what you look at that just look at it
man that's hot I like it
you gotta put anti-seize on them you
know you know some dirty hands they're
just do let me touch you no not that not
until you wash your hands you're right
check the time mm-hmm chase is in rare
form
you hardly hardly ever see in sans dirty
that's right my Mac keyboard so okay in
my record button on my camera so p4r
alder with them EB C brake pads I mean
our goal is their main green or green
something they're green just look at the
ceramic Kevlar fiber just look at it
pretty proud that I need to go find when
we can help change brakes I'll have you
know my hands are dirty too okay okay so
magma drop this rag okay mm-hmm
honey what'd you do nothing yeah nice
but nice and dirty no I broke my
sunglasses no they're good they're fine
no they're broken that's magic
that's stuff right here that's magic oh
I did that on purpose
this whole dirty sock clean my hands
with an old very sad really can get
texture it's not no man's good as new
this is after go Joe look how black my
hands were before and after and after
still a little scummy but yeah okie Thea
the guy that Dennis helped in that video
he did the homeless addiction there on
live web cast right now and we're
hanging out with them but I can't get my
I can't get my camera away some reason I
don't know what the deal is here Danny
what's up heck yeah dude hey man I was
actually kind of looking forward to this
because I've never gotten to speak to
Aaron at all
and I just want to say first off to you
man mad props takes a lot of courage to
go through what you've done and I
respect you greatly for that appreciate
man it's you know I keep reminding
myself this is all this is all nothing
short of a god thing I'm just gonna
throw it out
number one embarrass along comes
somebody that says do you get out of
this situation I hadn't really thought
about it but at that time it seemed like
a pretty good idea yeah well I mean it
just goes to show you that with the
right amount of motivation and having
someone believe in you and kind of help
push you along you can really overcome
anything anything hey this is my lovely
wife hello alright hey you guys have fun
help inspire a bunch of people man
because your story is strong and I think
that you provide other people a great
example for what they could do just put
their mind to it he saw something me
that I didn't see and I'm thinking to
myself everyone just maybe I can live
okay everyone has that power dude
everyone you just have to help people
you know it's people helping people
I think Dennis said it best we should
live amongst kings we should live
amongst King all right guys
spread the love I was so happy to see
you oh that was okay that was super
awesome to hang out with Dennis on line
and it was really good to see that Aaron
Aaron is doing really well
and it kind of like it should reinforce
the idea that if you if you just focus
and put your mind something you can
totally achieve it like this guy was
under a bridge living on the streets
homeless and now he's living in a house
he's got a bed to sleep on he's got food
in the fridge and he's got the support
of probably hundreds of thousands of you
guys which is incredible it's incredible
I just told them the story and I mean
the first word that comes to mind when
you hear that story is just like awesome
that's awesome
super awesome you ready honey you ready
look she's got her stuff together soup
that means she's ready to go oh I I
really appreciate it
he grabbed my butt just grab my butt
first thing Veronica does when she gets
home she checks her Facebook what does
she find this video of someone has a
worm in their eyeball dude that's the
most disgusting pears how do you get a
worm in your I got my coffee
get my laptop and I'm out too doubt so
continue this crazy vlog week one more
day of working on this catalog again
huge shout-out to EBC brakes for hooking
me up with those brakes and rotors the
brake pads and rotors that's truly
awesome you guys thank you so much I got
them on they feel great on the car all
right I gotta get to work before I'm
late so I will see you right back here
come on
