what's up guys I'm starting my day today
after work instead of doing the menial
to clip you know intro before I go to
work it's just so stupid so stupid
what's up guys I'm starting my day today
after work instead of doing the menial
to clip you know intro before I go to
work it's so stupid so stupid
I gotta take this movie back the only
thing about red box is you got to take
it back within 24 hours or they're gonna
charge you for it again and I really
don't have anything to do I'm just like
I'm just like struck I'm gonna go do
some fun and make some fun vlogs and
stuff but I'm stifled you know it really
sucks like having to go work nine to
five jobs as far as vlogging I get out
of work at five since I can't vlog there
and that the day's already gone pretty
much I'm a little lost
I want to go film something I want to go
I want to go do something but I got I
got nothing i got nothing until next
week hopefully hopefully i feel like you
ever get the feeling like you just want
to drive i do a lot of my best thinking
well
drive
I don't know why but I just wanted to
draw so I'm like driving in the middle
of nowhere just drive
figured since I'm out just driving
you see my brother
that's where Veronica and the boys are
Josh was actually very recently told by
the doctor that he has diabetes funny
dude these guys always brighten my day
holy plane we're playing with Christian
oh yeah yeah I sure did miss you today
yeah sure did miss you like a huge oh
yeah yeah again what when's the last
time you guys saw my my new nephew Silas
didn't little little meat on his bones
dude hey Silas hey Silas seems like new
look here buddy
say hi to the Internet you can do it
it's even looking at know he's like
we're trying to steal myself I didn't
know blogging with stealing people's
souls you mad mad bro you know sometimes
Veronica
you know reacts the same way I was
telling everyone on the way over here
that you were recently diagnosed with
diabetes and that I'm not very clear on
exactly
he's gonna do the whole finger pricking
testing his blood insulin shots in your
belly that dog there that's a cute dog
man yeah you betcha
oh my gosh we're leavin good to see it I
got this balloon for you dude that's
good love you yeah the moon's up there
sure enough oh that's pretty sunset
right there now I got everyone Frosty's
brought these for every one you got yeah
yep
even mommy even Hall look at my hand
you see it's turning to itch guess what
mommy says it's time for bed what are
you doing honey we won't take nap set at
11 o'clock when when you lay down to
take a nap at 11 o'clock p.m. that means
you're going bet
well then I'm ready for bad crap man I
can't play guitar
huh you used to sit and play guitar for
me all the time yeah I did all the time
what was your wedding present for me
that's a good story actually that's a
good story I'm glad you brought that up
the most unexpected coolest present that
I ever got from anyone ever it may be a
little dusty I haven't played in a while
I'm just a busy guy I'm all around busy
kinda guy so right after we get married
we're going to the reception yeah yeah
and then she it's her turn for speech
and she goes actually hold on hold on I
gotta go get something and she like runs
out and I'm sitting at this table like
where's she going like is that it well
just a few seconds later it came back in
carrying this case and I just couldn't
believe my eyes I was like I just
married this woman huh she's bringing me
this I knew what it was
look at this guitar she got me nice well
I thought this was a really awesome cool
guitar for
the first gift she really ever gave me
when we were married and I used to I
used to play this thing all the time now
I don't play so much I've moved on
I used to be passionate about only a
guitar and then came Veronica cuz then
came Colin I'm played for like several
days it's actually been way
well maybe I could try it how about a
try
ah
Jotham makes it does anyway because
Jireh lives in you leave to rest before
they know just what to do
I forgot the word I am driving 85 and
kind of more than that's all afternoon
for war exists still my apartment but I
am tempted to leave the car in drive and
leave this behind
Oh my camera here cuz like ya know I
mean as that's a little rough a little
rough guitar playing for you
rough I mean really rough yeah I did it
again look at me I mean I feel like I
have this stigma where I can't I can't
say good night or see tomorrow until I
actually have a video and I feel like I
didn't have a video so I just sat on the
couch we try to think about things that
I should do and then the more I said on
the couch to think about things I should
do you know what happened I straight
went ahead and thought about sleeping
and then when I thought about sleeping I
actually fell asleep
go figure so I'm starting my day
the gilroy way this was a nice cup of
coffee bustard my mom friends the
Avengers my big boy table two cups are
all dirty so I'm gonna go to work and I
will see all of you guys right back in
half tomorrow
