today's video is picking up pretty much
exactly where yesterday's video left off
um I'm getting ready to go to work
my boys are up playing with their toys
already my little cutie boys Oh blurt I
gotta go to work
love you I'll see you whoa oh no need to
finally home work was long today I was
long we got a lot of stuff done it she's
really good because I'm trying to get
this project finished to make room for
other things that are going on very very
soon so I got to get today's vlog edited
and uploaded for you guys because I know
you miss me
I was out a day and I feel bad what
you're making spaghetti huh I feel
you're like cuckoo
sorry whatever I can do to make it
better you just tell me I mean I could I
could finish making dinner if you want
you help serve I have something to do
my shirt I feel like I practically and
living on my laptop
yeah she's Livia she's telling me she's
giving me the you're always on your
laptop it's the nature of the beast
I guess I felt so bad for nothing a
video yesterday I got one going over
right now I got when going up right now
if you haven't watched go watch the
wrong planes on busy fighting come get
me in jar open like I need my big strong
muscular husband get my jar that's what
it just felt like and that that makes me
feel good it makes me feel good that she
needs me I love you dude dude it's
totally ready theater is totally ready
dude oh yeah
what are you happy but come on let's eat
I'm sure it's super delicious is this a
challenge this is a challenge I do
Colin ones have buttered noodles which
is the most verdict positivity but last
time yeah last time we want him to eat
spaghetti that has the sauce wrong and
we want to eat something he doesn't even
want to try the sauce and now he's very
mad that we
try the sauce but I know you like the
song did it you eat anything you are a
good evening
Colin is very very very picky there yeah
that's coming from a picky eater oh I
know this looks good Colin yes you're
doing song you take it and you put your
cheese on the struggles of being fair oh
my god what point do you be like I can
go here because I will try don't believe
it you will will you don't cry now they
both have been challenging lastly
I'm on the court so I can call it mom
you want to twirl yours yeah the bread
yeah going bread and stick me to do look
you know I got Doritos oh they're badly
I just want I just want the cheese I my
spaghetti and smash it good Oh Emma Spa
table no I'm good I'm good I'm good well
what do you think
yes good thank you
hahaha this is good it's real good
it's just good not mommy 1 : 300 would
you look at that mister I don't want red
sauce on my spaghetti oh nice oh I
didn't say thank you just said nice but
thank you you should say I should that
just reminded me of when back in the day
when we shot that sketch all right it
was yeah it was candy wars and John Big
John he goes you should have stuck with
Butterfinger babies it was so funny dude
oh my gosh I make I miss Big John Big
John Brady been on my life well I told
Colin to come out and cut the grass for
me and I found him seriously cutting the
grass you're all right buddy you're all
right
they're plastic don't worry
oh no not the trampoline yeah I just a
I'm gonna throw up
malt all right all right all right it's
triple time hey hey dude okay okay
anyone will launch a rocket check this
out
we got a rocket oh I'm just gonna make
sure you said it right here
what's that no don't do that all right
I'm don't threw it on there Carson oh oh
oh and then I next to when he screws it
on Kane all you gotta do is step on it
really hard really fast okay I can turn
it up no no look right here
step on the bottle right here like this
game
yes okay it's okay
suck it up you ready sit both me
come on it hey you did it do again don't
blow in there hey get out of the way oh
no I'm quick but he's gonna step on it
now
hey get ready stop awesome huh huh good
job Kane high-five
yeah dan put the rocket I was gonna
leave me hanging I was like the bottle
works better dude yeah good job Kane I'm
proud of you
you overcame it Carson Carson yeah he's
crazy we're like this now no one can see
my house
ha ha ha ha I got nominated to go get
everyone
ice cream you guys hungry for ice cream
yeah I scream you scream we all scream
for ice cream
last night's watermelon tonight's ice
cream you guys want to see something
cool look look at all these birds
there's thousands of birds in here got
this pop water bottle I'm going to make
a big giant explosion sound and see if
we can't get all these birds to fly away
at once
check that uh holy
 yeah
that's right stuff you can't go wrong
with Moose Tracks so good little red box
let's do some red box tonight
you ever use red box it's a dollar fifty
to run a blu-ray movie that beats the
typical $4.99 for map TV ride-alongs ice
cube and so the guys name forget Kevin
Hart we also got the kids to bed me and
Veronica sue me girl watch your movie
but you gotta sit with me on the couch
yeah I don't want to sell you I want you
to sit beside me yes I know it's
starting to suck you in yeah looks nice
but like Dallas stayed here so many
times I'm gonna blame it on Dallas
always sleeping on my couch and if you
sit on this part for too long in the
middle it like seriously all right guys
so from here Mikasa thank you for
watching and we will see all of you
right back in here tomorrow
