so what's up good morning sorry guys
that I didn't get you a video history
but I felt like I felt like a doctor dr.
rodents and covered marshmallows but
it's Monday the holiday weekend is over
it's back to work it's I'm still working
on this catalog and man I'll tell you
what we were so close to having a very
very different week you have no idea it
is what it is we'll start we'll start
fresh this week so bear with me as I'm
going to work through the days and we'll
still have fun must have a lot of fun so
we found herself at lunch already and
I've ordered one of my favorite
sandwiches in the entire world this is
true the Reuben ribbons are tricky you
gotta have the right red it's got to be
ride and it's got to be toasty nice and
crispy bread not know Chris on tuna
salmon that's the sickest prob of
everything I'll do that and just like
that we're done with work
it's raining out you're supposed to get
some nasty storms in a little bit high
winds hail you know usual how stuff look
who I found Mario is in my house what
are you doing here Mario show me your
super duper Mario move oh it's Carson
you silly what ninja suit oh I don't
know I must be it must be costume day at
the Gilroy's I don't think there's a
ninja suit up there wait daddy have to
find it what oh I want you to wear is
out yeah oh nasty it doesn't look as
dark on camera but it's yucky
did you hear that I said yucky yeah who
says who says yucky you oh yes okay I
feel bad dude mommy mommy doesn't feel
good mommy's stuck on the couch she
don't feel good she has a temperature
100.2 look at our pretty rose bush I
thought I was gonna die but you need
some work that's for sure just this one
and this one was all that was left from
the winter I had to actually cut off a
ton of it and this thing produces some
really beautiful yellow roses I've
always wanted to capture a really
awesome like lightning strike on camera
it was very difficult I don't think
we'll get it today either honey I'm
sorry you feel bad do Betty Veronica is
she looks like she feels as bad as I did
yesterday that's why we didn't have a
video because I was right there on that
couch right there being super productive
today what to work got five I came home
the house is dead wrong because I'm
feeling good did the dishes
unfortunately can't fit them all at the
dishwasher now it's time for me to cook
dinner which
I don't really have much and I have a
lot of other stuff to do so I'm just
going to talk about I know what you're
thinking guilt don't get that nasty food
anymore but taco bell's so good I got
you some cheesy tacos yeah
mr. underwear man would you were that
for me ha you want me to blur your
underwear
I got nominated to go to the grocery
store bronica really isn't feeling good
so I need to get some tylenol and oddly
enough she wanted watermelon too
Tehran correa really want some
watermelon you have to cut this thing
apart real quick
we're at a bull tuzla 50 phone again and
glad you had fun the pool I'm sorry I
missed it I hope you still love me oh
yeah how's that tooth you feel yep
that's suckers gonna come out the
two-thirds income and put money like
under your pillow writing can you
believe that you're too tired aren't you
goodnight love you
I don't need to tell you that it's
morning I tell you I think I'm slipping
guys I need you to really I need someone
to come over here and give me a swift
kick in my ass that's for sure let me be
straight up with you i fell asleep right
after i uploaded fanart monday it's just
really it's really crazy right now
because it's very busy for me I'm trying
to get a lot of things done before
before next month and that's because
there's some really exciting stuff at me
so I got to finish this catalog this
week and I've been putting in the extra
work after hours two so between Veronica
being sick the boys needin what they
need uploading yesterday's video and
working on some other stuff I'm getting
dishes done and go in the grocery store
I mean bear with me I'm gonna take this
coffee and I'm gonna suck it down and
I'm gonna get my butt to work and make
some magic today and later on tomorrow's
video I'll give you guys a sneak peak as
far as where we're at with this design I
can't really show you inside the factory
I've asked time and time again cuz i
want to bring you guys along but I can't
so that's all we got for you on this
vlog I will see all of you right back
here tomorrow
