here we are again for yet another
coveted edition a fanart Friday thank
you for joining me last week I told you
guys that this week's objective was to
create the graphical image that would be
the intro for fanart Friday because we
want to start spicing up this format a
little bit I got a lot of really cool
submissions and it was very very tough
to go through all of them and pick the
top 10 cuz they're all really good
without further ado let's get right to
it all right first up comes from my
buddy andrew he sent us a really sweet
looking to color illustration this could
be like the watermark for fan on Friday
I like that it's the paintbrush and I
like the cursive lettering that's really
cool Andrew I like what you've done
looks good next comes from Avery Avery I
took took the idea that I put out there
and ran with it with the camera lens and
instead of a gill hawk he put on top its
flames that would suggest it like Gilroy
blogs is straight on fire right I'll go
with that so the lens looks really good
I like it the fire looks really good too
I like how you've implemented all of
these elements together and I think it
works very well Caleb I thought this was
one of the most creative submissions he
got really deep in there and did a
close-up shot of a camera this is a DSLR
camera and had lots of cool little
colors coming out of the lens and I
really kind of like the font that you
use fanart Friday starring chase Gilroy
nice touch but no I thought that I
thought that the colors coming out of
the lens was a really cool idea very
creative I like that next is from Cody
Cody submitted a pretty simple AG
radiated shape blue dark blue to light
blue gilroy fanart Friday silhouette in
my face you can't get much more simple
than that and I think it works it's
really simple and I think I've stressed
it very very many time
that I like simplicity simplicity is key
what I ultimately want to do is use
these pieces of artwork and kind of
dissect them and then animate them so
they they become an intro this I could
see becoming an intro next up and this
is probably one of my favorites our
mirror feds for short for his last name
a really Spacey blue sunburst in the
back they put the winners artworks in
there too which is which is a nice touch
so I could see this like the the
starburst I could see it rotating in the
background and I could see fan art and
Friday flying in it would be really cool
X comes from Ivan Ivan created kind of a
cool that looks a hand-drawn which is
nice he's actually got a hand in there
drawing it so that further supports the
idea but I think this is a really
awesome piece I can tell you it looks
like it looks like you hand drew all of
these elements and then brought it into
Photoshop I'm thinking on the less this
is a really good piece Ivan and i
appreciate your submissions awesome this
one is really really really neat joseph
submitted this one I don't know exactly
what you would call it but it reminds me
of that old school Mickey Mouse cartoon
where they were all cut out and like
paper or paper mario the video game
that's really fun really loose it kind
of it kind of breaks kind of like
cartoon into reality which is a nice
touch this is a really cool design
Oliver actually went to town and
submitted six or seven of these little
designs with this kind i'm going to call
it aztec he looks like a little aztec
warrior it's very abstract and it looks
really cool I wish I chose the best one
that kind of fit most the fanart Friday
objective but he submitted some other
ones that were just really really cool
this comes from Tim heuer kind of basic
art class you did like those paper
cutout you know you fold paper all these
different pieces of paper together and
then you make your cuts and then you
pull it apart and it's all these little
people you know the faf on this reminds
me of those like little cutouts it
almost
like the a has wings the wings are the f
Tim this piece is a really good I like
it a lot and lasts this one comes from
Ron Fox and he went way outside the box
on his submission Braun took a step
further and actually made a video intro
and I'd like to show that for you now
right so that was pretty dang cool it
seriously reminds me of like a marvel
comic book entry offer for all of the
like superhero movies so if it's really
cool like flip book design for the for
all the pieces of artwork and then
fanart slowly creeps in and z space and
then friday comes into the bottom that
is super super cool wrong I really
appreciate the extra effort that you put
into this so as you know we always have
to pick a number 1 i'm gonna have to say
that the number one this week goes to
ron fox Ron made it easy for me if I
wanted to use this all i gotta do is
slap it right in there congratulations
thanks so much for the work i'll hit me
up with your email give me your address
and we'll hook you up with something
cool right so next week what should we
do next week I want you guys this is
another free for all put together
something awesome use anything that you
found inside the gilroy blogs channel as
collateral just be creative just be
awesome and creative alright guys that's
all we got for you this week a fanart
friday is kind of late this week but we
did have a holiday and i had so much
stuff going on so I appreciate your
patience and again thanks so much for
tuning in guys we will see all of you
right back here next
you
