hi I see your face find the first horses
well it sounds perfect yeah good morning
everybody we are we are out to try and
find horses and we we went 25 feet from
our house and there's horses the first
one we've seen this whole trip that's
awesome and the Liza goes where's ninja
oh here comes the horse horse American
analyst cultures there always something
I did well yeah we're basically just
driving around back here in the beach
area why the fell asleep very quickly
and we're trying to find a good spot to
get a good look at this I saw this this
morning and it's been burning ever since
this fire is huge like I think it's
across the sound on the mainland but it
is massive we're going to try and get up
an air so I can show you guys this as a
whole
okay so the view from the sky showed us
that you can't really see much from this
distance but there's a lot of burning
going on okay so we just talked to the
local fire guy down here and it turns
out that massive plume that massive fire
over there is the US government and
federal government burning off the
marshlands over on that side of the
sound thank the Prussian yeah so it's an
effort to reduce the fuel in later in
the year when it starts to get very very
hot so that was the catch fire they're
reducing the amount of fuel that that
wildfire would have so that's perfectly
normal and also the very strange but
cool yes
and came out to the beach because
Veronica you know Veronica's favorite
thing to do here is walk up and down the
beach looking for shell
doesn't ever do anything with them but I
came up with a really cool idea to build
something real special for her using the
shells that she's been collecting for so
many years I'll show you when we get
back I'm going to buy the lumber and
make it be really really cool we needed
a break from Ohio the dreary gray that
is Ohio almost all winter long
it just got old so to get out and come
to a beautiful place like this help
helps with the brain function I guess so
I know I wasn't crazy exciting if it
didn't do a bunch of amazing thing but
we spent some time together in a
different environment and just got to be
together which I feel it's really
important more important than going out
and spending a ton of money I'm doing
crazy things just being together with
your family is more valuable than any
amount of money which fun nothing except
this one clam shell specifically so you
can feel a little bit
the 30 nice yeah bit men me wrong
girlies Anu I know screen protector it's
cold out there yeah oh just when I was
about to say we've really into horses
blame down hey alright and our young you
been yep no yard powerful santol bud
look at it was a happy boy
alrighty a pretty boy I mean with E mmm
Khalid leftovers what are we gonna do
today honey have to eat all food
hmm the head is a common problem when we
stay here at the beach house and because
we get enough food to you know last us
but we end up running into a situation
where all of this has to be gone before
Saturday so we have to eat everything
today
fast forward through time and it is
swell dark and it's a temper like that
about to show you guys I'm not going to
show you on the vlog cause I'm going to
make it a how-to video I'm going to
teach how to do a cinemagraph I'll
explain it more in the actual video but
I'll show you what we come up with and
shoot it yes ma'am you see we could have
probably done a couple more things look
it's very limited on what you can do
around here especially in the 4x4 area
because there's literally nothing around
it takes an hour to get anywhere but
everything's closed off season even the
bumper cars were closed jet skis or
clothes everything like that's that's
kind of sucky part about it but I have
to tell you that it's just nice
sometimes to enjoy the people that
you're with the people to eat with and
don't get me wrong I know you guys
probably want to see us do like
parasailing and all that crazy stuff but
just not that it's not that vacation yet
this year
and the fact that I've been given the
privilege raise this little candy right
here what makes me
and you know that's the thing too as
loggers we all struggle with play with
throughout our day when do we pick up
the camera or when do we just experience
what's happening I can tell you how many
times I've had to be like follow me grab
the camera and then be like you know
what let me just experience it right and
without filming because all too often it
becomes more important to film at than
experience it you know the Italians have
concept that's called La Dolce Far
Niente
which is the sweetness of doing nothing
and which kind of opens up your mind and
relaxes you to focus on the thing
important in your life
lethargy a foreign entity morale
I think that's good okay that's pretty
much okay yeah so I don't know if I put
it in the vlog yet but I did a
cinemagraph already with piranhas on the
beach this is what the fireplace
cinemagraph looks like
yeah and it just loops infinitely and it
just keeps going over and over and over
again this is the new coolest post-its
kind of a merge between videos and
photographs all together in one call
cinemagraph so if you want to see that
thumbs up this video and I'll teach you
guys on my Gilroy how to channel how to
make cinemagraph oh here we go
breaking off the cards if any if anyone
knows me truly immerse me that I don't
really appreciate card card game how
many times have I ever played a cartoon
Mike I ever appreciated car cane you've
never played strip poker as a mom and
there's that what I woke up super early
this morning to catch a very beautiful
sunrise I haven't got a sunrise yet and
I didn't tell you guys but I did catch a
sunrise time left and I accidentally
deleted it so I was going to catch you
one today but there's some storms
rolling in and it's a very thick blanket
of cloud cover so I'm sorry next time
here in just a few hours we are about to
depart from our beach house to our hotel
to a hotel are you guys excited to leave
are you sad to leave I'm excited cuz I
get to go see my baby who's your baby oh
come on - yeah I'm going to give them to
him - I miss them honey are you pretty
sad about leaving the beach vacation
yeah it's all right my love
we'll come back soon Lisey are you ready
go home
yeah I know you had fun in the sand
it's a shame we couldn't have done more
but you know because as I said yesterday
just nice to get away and have some time
to spend the family in a beautiful
location I guess that's pretty much all
we've got for you from here in the Outer
Banks tomorrow's video will be us going
home so that my friends is where we
leave you for today I want to say thank
you so much for watching we can't wait
to see you right back here
