I woke up this morning and realized that
I was out of two very important things
that my household shouldn't have one of
those it's coffee
I was out of coffee had to go get some
more coffee
I can't edit my video without coffee
crybaby Bubblegum challenge one I do say
it right - sit down ma'am Wow
sit down there so I can get your face
cheers Cheers
buy it - I've tuned Lambeau
you can't keep doing it like it's
strange sour cream sour but you did it
I'm proud of you you tried the challenge
but okay but I still have in my mouth
yeah this morning very very unfortunate
I brought his grandmother had to call
ambulance because she was having chest
pains and she's dizzy and she's been
having an upset stomach
so today's kind of celebratory day
turned into more serious day because the
grim grandma isn't feeling very good at
all so Veronica Veronica is going to the
hospital to check on the grandma while
I'm oh I need mother grass
you guys go with Veronica while I get
some stuff done okay
remaining here to the hospital we're
gonna check on my wall and see how she's
doing
I talked to my mom just before we got
here and I guess they are keeping her
overnight just for observation to make
sure she doesn't have any more spells or
anything
geez for grandma calling she is four
that's four ground we're on the grant
that or no takes you down to the ground
floor or on the first floor so you want
to push the UP button
oh there we go
going up alright now let Carson push the
number two
all right now listen you guys have to be
quiet
he's Moen almost got a mohawk she seems
to be doing okay good spirits hey Collin
phones over there pushing the buttons
are you on TV yeah
so you feelin okay mama I'm better I
feel better thank you they're gonna do
some testing in the morning and a letter
on a gallbladder tonight inside heart
testing tonight and the gallbladder in
the morning stress affects yeah stress
thank you know I probably drop dead
picker he's gonna get a workout on I
think I get to go home come on sometimes
baby hopefully as long as all the tests
come back okay she gets to go home
tomorrow
oh good what firstly don't push any of
the buttons you might throw mama out of
the bed
Kirsten to mama by right we're going my
mom let you get your rest
lovey oh let me see
now I'll press the G be a Carson let him
do it
alright so we're headed back home
actually we're headed to from what Jesus
now Stacy's mom and dad or a little put
out girl seems we did okay in Iran of
can to stay a little crap for she grew
up she knows wait we got off more we
need to go back up
I need to go to one you can do it oh so
yeah hopefully of the testing everything
comes back okay
and she could come home and relax the
boys just take a little nap
snoozing
it's a good thing a little man hopes hmm
right here you guys have a good little
mouth yeah feel a little refreshed
five-minute powering out yeah okay let's
go see grandma grandpa Chloe's here yeah
Chloe uncle Josh and aunt Samantha yeah
you're such patches brother here - you
always doing with pants i watch more
than Chloe does oh you do we think that
Chloe loves French yeah I look like a
lot too right we had food we couldn't
eat anymore
look who showed up we're just vlogging
you've been here no actually I have been
vlogging
oh I'm the vlog police so you know well
guess what no you can just take it over
hey fourth of July and I had to go you
perspire out in the Sun and the Sun for
flowers perspire I'm just kidding I
loved it I love you
oh I'm no grass that's what I do my
livelihood no I do it for fun Dallas I'm
getting to like this thing man this I
like how it's grown over with it with
the vines and stuff that's freaking
awesome that's freakin awesome so my dad
and I are talking about I'll have to
tell you a little backstory first my
grandpa he approaches us the other day
and he says he says I really want to sit
outside but I can't cause it's too hot
and they're getting really old so the
heat makes him dizzy and sick so and
they love they love sitting outside my
grandparents they grew up outside my
grandpa was a garden and he got all this
wood because he just wants to sit
outside and his patio used to have one
of those old awnings that you could just
like pull out retractable awning and it
got damaged by some storm so my
grandpa's wish is that he wants to sit
outside and we want him to be happy
because he's an incredible guy he's and
he's aging so we're gonna build him a
roof just to come out over his porch
it's gonna be screened in and it's gonna
be great
we're gonna we're gonna make the old man
happy you know this is doing doing good
for someone else I find a great deal of
satisfaction in that so we got all this
lumber and soon we're gonna start
tearing this apart we're gonna take all
the railings down I gotta get up there
Jesus oh I can smell it let me through
let me through let me through
Oh God he wants me to bask in it so my
mom's notorious for having like lots of
ice cream and I'm in the mood for some
ice for you
open the freezer to try and find some
ice cream and I'm like bombarded by
freezer crap holy cow I don't even have
that much stuff in my house in a year's
time with all that holy Sh Oh Mike look
stuffed peppers we got chopped onions
man could go grocery shopping in here
seriously we got pies look who needs
that many pies
who buys that mini pies grandma well we
got frozen pizzas we got we got ice
cream sandwiches there's the ice cream
definitely this is what I wanted oh I
don't want that something good some kind
of good ice cream mint chocolate chip
no sherbert no some straight-up vanilla
some regular vanilla look at my
brother's new dog what if you realize
you're gonna break the internet with
this video
I mean the kids against it hey so if
this is for real we're doing this we're
building a roof next week yeah we'll do
a time-lapse it'll be sick like that
yeah it's sick hey we're leaving happy
fourth of July
tomorrow's fireworks yeah we should have
some far worse than that I don't know
why you didn't dad you dropped the ball
for the record all right we love you
it's so nice of Dallas and Lexi to come
and like hang out with us today the
party you did yeah you brought the party
balance everyone says everyone says
Dallas looks like battalion but I don't
see it
he thinks that even if they were
standing next to gether I wouldn't be
able to tolerate yeah you look because
Holly is ripped believe it or not
Mitali has has got some muscle mass and
you know you don't have very much once a
month
yeah yeah Kate you don't them roids bro
you need to unbutton one more button
that's what I made earlier there you go
pop that collar dude oh dude so you come
next weekend right to help grandpa
grandpa's wish is that he had a roof
built and I think we should all as a
family helped build this dude your move
yeah you're gonna be there right
if you cannot probably work in the
morning so if you can you'll be there
yeah you will
yeah I'm gonna hit you anyway
so happy fourth of July guys it's an
offense day yeah they're leaving they
don't want to hang out with us they must
not be cool all right guys we'll see you
later
but he's we actually the for the actual
fourth of July the actual holiday and we
didn't see any fireworks today yeah well
it's 10 o'clock fuck but what we are
gonna do is we're gonna watch a movie
like an actual move we're gonna rent a
movie hopefully there's something good
no let's be you get something to snack
on off on the movies right now one of my
favorite devices that I have is my Apple
TV right so I cancelled cable remember
and one of the main motivators was
because it was poison but I have Apple
TV Apple TV has all the new movies like
all the new releases well that looks
crazy
anyway anyway it's got all the new
movies and Netflix and one of the
coolest features of the is I can
controller right here by my phone it's
perfect and I think it's kind of cool
that's the one that's what we're
choosing non-stop
so just like that rent it watch it now
look how red it is oh my god
alright I gotta say that movie was
pretty dang good it's pretty good I
actually stayed awake you know you know
that a movie is good if we're both on
this couch and we didn't fall asleep
imagine if you're on an airplane and
someone was trying to hijack you that's
all I'm gonna say this movie non-stop
pretty good alright guys we're calling
it it's getting late and there isn't a
whole lot left to do tonight so we're
gonna wrap this up for today and
tomorrow we have more fireworks to go
see in a different in a different down
so it should be more exciting we're
gonna go to my hometown which is
Somerset and they usually do a
celebration up there so we might run
into some people that I used to know but
thanks for hanging with us today guys I
appreciate all your love and support and
we will see you right back here tomorrow
