are you watching are you following me
edit your vlogging me editing it's like
a looks like an inception thing
inception yeah
inception that's like Inception what's
what does that mean
um I don't know I just watch the movie
alright good day to you gladiators I'm
getting ready to leave for work and
Branka get this book on the counter I'm
just like what the conscious parent
transforming ourselves powering our
children we do I think well enough alone
we don't need handbooks right but my
favorite part is it says prefixed by His
Holiness the Dalai Lama sounds official
look I found Bambi
just trying to hitch a ride I guess so
after after I got a little bit of work
to do today I decided to work on this
Gil Hawk lens logo idea and I think that
what I came up with is pretty bad a idea
for like a sticker all right check that
out don't you think she'd stroke around
the edge it's got the Gil Hawk and look
who's in the middle there
pretty sweet room
I guess dope it's awesome and I just put
it up on Twitter too so hopefully you
guys left me about a lot of positive
feedback yeah who put that towel on the
floor who put that knife hey guess what
it's supportive July weekend
well starting tomorrow about tonight
essentially and there's fireworks so
we're gonna watch fireworks excited for
that yes oh yeah yeah that's the bug
thing yep yep and the boys are gonna
camp at Nana's in her backyard in the
camper yeah that's awesome
high-five camping
you can't with us oh yeah our
festivities for this 4th of July weekend
officially kick off tonight as I've got
our folding chairs and bag full of
fireworks bottle rockets we're gonna
cook out have some burgers we're gonna
play some cornhole so do I miss you a
lot fun guess what's in this bag there
just bought maracas you guys wanted to
do some ball Rockets poppers we got this
smoke bomb I think we used them all last
night
Oh Brittany might have some jumping
jacks yeah jumping jacks yeah well let's
wait for those until it gets a little
darker but I think for now we can shoot
off a couple bottle rockets what do you
say smoke bomb
let's do one right now right now right
not Gordon me okay it's just a smoke
bomb it's just a bomb
it's just mom
they smell like farts really check it
chicken cheese burgers hot dogs onions
beef cream cheese this good yeah
Oh where's the cheesy potatoes all in
the oven no it's not there it's American
flag cupcakes yeah and they're gonna be
so good so you better you better hurry
up and eat oh it's a struggle to get the
kids to fall in your mouth is blue dude
but not as blue is that your team Lumis
your team and we're done
here we go well what do you think look
what you got dude we we went and got
some light bugs very caught a lightning
bug and well now we got jars to put them
in dude we need to fill that up and then
it'll be a glowing jar five hundred you
mean five hundred yeah be careful
careful
do circles big circles Oh gone so cute
yeah more fireworks finale finale finale
finale finale get it bigger better
brighter faster harder stronger longer
holy we are quite far away
we're going to go higher right they're
gonna go higher yes
yeah
da-da-dah holy cow man let's all vote
they wouldn't spin in the grass
obviously so Jay says let's take it to
the country your wife said let's take it
to concrete are you so that's a hell get
our dia
we checked the mail today the PIO box
right and we got a few things in the
mail we're gonna go through this in no
particular order and we're gonna start
with this envelope right here what do we
got here Veronica who's it from
Jessica Douglas Jessica Douglas where's
she from Maryland I have family in
Maryland your family is a true
inspiration to many all over the world
thank you for taking time out of your
day to upload a new vlog you are really
dedicated I found out about your family
through Roman the vlogs about ninja
bring back memories from when I was
little since I also used to ride I live
on a farm with several cows and we used
to have horses there's a really great
parents and should be proud of it
congratulations Veronica I'm now working
in the smile Moore store I really hope
that you guys plan to have many more
kids future Jase you are really good at
photography stay awesome
and keep doing what you do Jessica
rockin my socks way to go girl hey and
we're happy that you're watching us and
we're glad that we can be an inspiration
to you guys it's really not on purpose
we just just so happen to be that cool
okay you're next
hey Gilroy and fam okay chase I love
your Plus Romans vlogs it's my dream to
meet you I'm sending you to stamps so I
can get an autograph back you are my
idol and got me into vlogging Oh Mason
fix logs could you please tweet me at
Mason effect when you get
this and possibly hit that follow button
anyway could you get that autograph for
me and have all the family sign a paper
Roman Brit from co+ kids and of course
you but like hold on to this until you
see Roman and Brit next it would mean so
much to me I sent two stamps for return
so don't worry about it
and the return address is on the back
but chase you are awesome next time
you're in Michigan give me a holler give
me a holler holler I think on Twitter so
I can say hi I'm also 15 years old I
wanted to send cash for a smile more
bracelet but had no cash anyway chase
stay positive my catch phrase and of
course smile more from your huge fan
Mason fig and his return address and
then he also sent this really really
very well done and thought-out Gilroy
wallops drawing yeah so wait Mason
you're awesome dude Mason you're awesome
dude this is high Gilroy my name is Qian
Phillips and I am a YouTube prank remix
they in Vail Virginia
oh come on Oliver ha ha ha no I'm just
kidding
just sounds good damn baby genius
hashtag gladiator for life what's up
Gilroy my name is no man and I'm 13
years old I love your vlogs you're the
best
say hi to Veronica Carson a column
I love you guys you're a gladiator hash
I keep it up exclamation exclamation
point really awesome thumbs up drawing
check it out
sweet no man you know this is kind of
like an impromptu j-mart Friday yeah
except they actually send it to me you
know man you rock dude chase why am i
reading this if it's to you I don't know
I can reason it says specifically to
change so like I just know it says
please read all please read all of it ok
here we go it lengthy so I'll do this as
fast as I can ok
hi my name is Darren Felton I I am going
to 10th grade I'm a big fan I started
watching your vlog when you had 10,000
subscribers 10,000 I was going through a
rough time in my life I had felt alone I
felt like dying but your vlogs helped me
get through and I just wanted to thank
you and if it is not asking too much can
you send me your signatures that would
make my day you can put this in your
vlog if you want tell everybody I said
hi PS if you get a dog can you name a
Taz please if you give me your signature
can you put it on a different piece of
paper of course Darren David David I
don't know if it's even or Darren I
think it might be David but David or
Darren mr. Felton I'm glad that you
don't feel like dying anymore
because you shouldn't because living is
the most awesome thing that a person
could do and all you have to do is just
do it just live and be happy and be
positive and I'll be right here for you
every single day unless I get sick or I
fall asleep for more than 24 consecutive
hours
or some other crazy circumstance but
thank you man
we do appreciate you watching and I'm
glad we can help you
what's another this means who's it from
Ryan from West Portsmouth Ohio Ohio my
hi boys repping I'm a tease tonight the
show just what you need and crybabies
extra sour bubblegum you're gonna eat a
piece right now me yeah you why not you
you first
we both well you first really really r
color I don't like green my methods are
watering already
Lazar
okay it's over there you go
little sour face
Wow no sour-faced wow do you handle that
like a real pro there's a few weeks ago
I put in a vlog where I was looking at
my brakes if you guys remember I was
checking my brakes because they felt a
little uneven right a few days after I
posted that video
mariusz a guy from Norway and a company
called EBC brakes
he hit me up on Facebook and he was like
hey I noticed that you were trying to
fix your brakes and we would like to
send you new brakes and rotors for your
car and after quite a few correspondence
text messages back and forth
Marius turned out to be a hundred
percent for real
Marius sent me a little letter to go
along with this package so I'll read
that now it goes my name is Morris and I
work in brakes
norge brakes Norway I noticed that you
needed some new brakes for your car and
with the help of Brendan Cashman from
EBC brakes USA in Las Vegas we managed
to send you some new high-quality brakes
so you can drive yourself in your family
safely around this is a popular brake
package with a combination of our famous
EB C green stuff brake pads and EB C us
our sport routers greenstuff pads
generally provide better braking power
than standard original pad and emits far
less dust actually about 30 to 50
percent less doesn't because all right
us our discs are slotted for parallel
wear the pads better cooling and
removing hot gases dirt dust and
moisture from the surface us our brake
discs are coated for maximum rust
protection we are sure you will be happy
with your new brakes best regards Marius
and dressen marketing manager at brakes
Norway EBC Wow
that's it's so awesome and humbling
thank from the bottom of my heart at EBC
brakes I want to thank everyone that
helped get these to me and hopefully now
I can put them on yeah seriously these
guys sent me new brake pads right and a
brand new set of sport rotors which I
don't go too fast in the car but maybe
now I can't I don't know so we're gonna
put new rotors and pads on the car so
that it's safer to drive the kids in it
and that's just priceless that's awesome
it's so awesome
Mariusz oh if I see you man I'm gonna
give you a big hug I will I'll give you
a big big fat hug thank you guys for
everyone who's sent mail that's awesome
especially EBC for the brakes I know
that costs probably a little bit of
money and I truly am grateful so thank
you so much and I will work on getting
everyone who wanted an autograph perhaps
I can perhaps I can send you back
something a little better I love bananas
and rape fruit cups Boop she said Wow I
that was definitely not me I'm gonna say
Brittany
so it's 12:30 we've had fun night happy
fourth of July because it'll be the
fourth by the time to see this and
Ramadan is happening right now
wrong dong what's happening says Ramadan
is where the Muslim community fasts
through the sunlight hours so they can
still eat early early early in the
morning or late at night and Sun Goes
Down so as soon as the Sun Goes Down
they can eat and I guess it's a way to
show the respect for people who don't
have anything or those less fortunate
it's the way of showing respect to those
people stop me if I'm wrong I'd love to
learn more about Ramadan I think it's
interesting all right guys that's all we
got for you today happy holidays and
happy Ramadan and happy whatever else
we're celebrating but we will see you
right back here tomorrow
