good morning I'm actually out very early
today I decided the Atwood rope company
needs a new catalog and I decided not to
wait around and get some stuff done make
some money so I'm headed to the outward
rope company to start the process of
making a new catalog which is it's a lot
of work actually you got to do a ton of
photography we need to figure out what
kind of design they want if they want to
stick with the original design that we
just did for them a few months ago it's
gonna be a lot of fun and hopefully I
can film a little bit during the process
but I know usually they don't like me to
film inside the factory because there's
proprietary stuff going on in there and
they can't give away their secrets
you know like magicians don't give away
their their secrets it's the same thing
I'll tell you what I don't miss driving
on the highway in the morning
there's so many people all rushing to
get to their nine-to-five jobs
I'm glad I don't have to do that
if you remember last year I was I had a
job I was doing graphic designs for a
for an automobile company like they did
super sales so you ever got those things
in the mail where that's got the key
attached to it come down to the
dealership see what you won I used to
make those mail pieces it was kind of
cool you know it was cool to be able to
do what I went to school for but I
didn't like I didn't like the I didn't
like the job I didn't like the people I
didn't like the company that I was
working for
it had very very backwards business
ethics and I hated I felt like I felt
like I was in a dishonest position so I
quit I said I've had enough
and now
I do freelance work I do a lot of work
for Roman but I also take other jobs
like I do photography on the side I do
graphic design
and video productions so I can produce
like commercials for different
businesses and stuff
and it turned out to be so much better
than waking up every morning go into a
nine-to-five job that I hate absolutely
hated so I feel like I've kind of taken
control of my own destiny
I'm doing what I love to do it's not
making me rich but I certainly am a lot
more happy it's 93 degrees I know that's
not hot something about to some of you
it is inside a factory shooting photos
of all the rope that one rope has and I
gotta say I am monstrously hot sweaty
nasty Sonia just absolutely man I don't
think I've ever been this nice so I'm
going home to get in the shower and
we'll pick up from there it's amazing
how a shower can change your mood in a
second so finish editing yesterday's
vlog heat it up for you by the time
you're watching this you'd be like man
yesterday's vlog was up so late so yeah
I apologize I ran a bunch of Twitter
comments and you guys are so awesome
really you're like way to go chase we
understand because it tweeted earlier
that I was going to work in the flog
would be up later and it's just really
cool for you guys to be so understanding
so thank you
it's awesome and so as soon as I'm done
with this I'm gonna go track down
Veronica and see what see if she wants
to do anything special for dinner still
editing look who shows up next Carson
what you get
we got the disk of the lego movie really
do you mean you're gonna watch lego
movie
mm-hmm again yes
cuz I like it you like it yeah I missed
you I never heard of it when I was four
that's because it just came out oh cool
how did it come out they come out in
theaters theaters yeah and then on DVD
then one David Dean cool I missed you
what they're downstairs use this go
prank oh we go prank them did you pee
did you pee in your pants oh man hey
mama hey you guys hear the storm
we should look outside oh my goodness we
can't see anything else on its leg on
well this is me just turn myself there
you go boy it's like it's like a
thunderstorm you saw it man let's turn
all the lights off the garage
it's pretty wait
we have meaning it was a GoPro out there
so it's hailing up there I bought him to
go pull the Jeep in boys are worried go
go go
I'm sorry I'm so short the Internet is
on 100%
I have Wi-Fi but the vlog says it's
still at a hundred and thirteen minutes
Oh hourglass and that's not right yeah
Oh 58 minutes I'm trying to get this
vlog up column but um I'm a little
nervous
this weather is affecting my upload
domain it's it's affecting every device
it's taking so slow no they um it's
hitting the old upload so wrong that is
why it's the hail is like hitting like
the same circle single out then
something yeah
come on man 59 minutes 11%
this is how Carson rides out a
thunderstorm he's not being quiet that's
for sure it's still going you know back
when I was a kid the safest place during
a thunderstorm was with my mom so I
can't blame him now I gotta carry him to
bed
I did it again i sat right here in this
spot I have like 11 o'clock and I just
woke up at 3:40 my brother's over there
sleeping we don't have to sleep in our
bed we just fall asleep wherever but we
are gonna move to bed
sorry it's kind of short today guys and
please bear with me while I get some
work done
hopefully tomorrow today I'll be able to
shoot a little bit in the building while
we're doing photos fireworks one we're
gonna go see fireworks tomorrow night
how about that that time of year
alright guys that's about all for today
so I will see you right back yeah come
on
