it has to be done so without showing you
guys I can't really show you guys me
power-washing because I mean that would
give yourselves that would give you a
whole perspective of my house and we
just so I'm power wash I said that when
I got my when I got my hose fixed up I
would power wash so that's what I'm up
to
it's taking me a little while so after
I'm done power washing we're gonna have
some fun but daddy's got to work a
little first this is about the time
where I get really annoyed it's raining
now
it's now raining and I only got 50% done
so I guess it's time for lunch as I step
back and take a look at my work I just
feel like looks good looks real good
looks clean we'll finish the rest
tomorrow I gotta go I gotta go do
something
Veronica called she needs my help she
can't watch both the boys in Keene and
get orders done so I'm gonna go over
there and assist with her look at this
pack look I get here and the boys are
watching lego movie how's that song go
again hey Kade oh my god you better
watch it mister I'm gonna get you
instead of sitting upstairs watching the
kids which are perfectly fine and
grandmas up there so they're not alone I
decided to come downstairs and help
Veronica catch completely a swamis tour
and if you look here that's all that's
left that's all that's left of
outstanding orders so if you're waiting
on your order you should be happy to
know that between today and tomorrow
everything will be shipped so look for
your packages soon but convey how happy
bronica is does she has someone down
here to talk to
you should bring your own camera down
here so you can vlog and talk to
yourself basically but talk to the
Internet and the gladiators I'm sure
they'd love that right
what they I'm asking you today yeah yeah
I'm sure
a little special surprise I want to give
a special shout out to Brad Steiner
Joseph Moody Michael Elkins and Chris
Babb a bet oh for being loyal fans and
patrons of the smile bar store on behalf
of Roman Howard himself thank you guys
for being customers and ordering I mean
we've got we've got smile more tank tops
tank top smile more bracelets smile more
bracelet these guys are going ham on the
smile more store so I thought it would
be cool while I'm down here working to
give you guys a special shout out for
support in your pranksters regulars
straight up regular chicken what you're
gonna use BBQ this enough of this
jibber-jabber
yeah yeah that's eat yeah let's eat God
I get the toys clean up everyone's gonna
clean up their toys when they're done
playing and that's the wall I can't just
leave a message
I'm ready to go yeah that pterodactyl
for yes come on guys let's go
everyone say bye to Kane by Kane BYE MOM
all by Kane see you later
let's get out of here
look who I just heard on the radio you
guys recognize this song on the radio
you recognize that
as my boys cross solder on the radio
that's awesome I was like to share the
finer things in life you guys look at
the sunset it's beautiful
beautiful
there's Colin thanks faking oh you must
be asleep
you must be sleeping oh no he's asleep
you want to do five minutes of omega
just really quick the boys have never
participated in an omegle session and
they wanted to see what it is and it's
kind of late but it's summertime yeah
yeah all right here we go
ready say hello hey she did research
hidden talents oh well I used to
skateboard so is that a hidden talent
what about playing guitar I can play
guitar yeah I did a while back I forget
which one I was called but I did no
filming guitar dad's superhero something
I totally suck at what you got I guess
mom or yeah yeah
yeah five five in the morning that's
that's a long time he's your audios in
and out sucks
well I still love you all right man
we'll see you
hey hey smile more Bronk is here too all
right so it's a Mako Q&A night what it
what is your question okay
do you watch football not really
do you like what do you want to win the
Cup the FIFA Cup well I would say USA of
course I wouldn't watch much football
yeah but you know you got a rep your
home country right yes thanks for
hanging out dude Bolton take care bro
thank you hey how are you so how y'all
doing where you from Kentucky you know I
have a good friend in Kentucky yeah it's
I mean we were married in 2009 September
of 2009 hasn't been too long but it's
great all really nice when you marry
your best friend that's all I could say
we will see you tomorrow hey what's
happening buddy what are you up to heck
yeah that's the way I spend my night how
to get into YouTube well it helps when
your best friend's roaming at one I can
say that no he's I think he's a positive
influence on me and we've been filming
for forever you know together and it
just made a lot of sense for me to
pursue YouTube as well you know
okay does that satisfy your question I'm
gonna keep asking questions dude thank
you we'll see you again soon
purse well let's see me and Roman met
many many years ago we actually started
off backwards it was just kind of like a
rivalry we were two kids fighting for
dominance at the bus stop you know and
then we ended up being like you know
what you're pretty cool so we became
friends and we were friends ever since
have I answered your question we're
gonna keep going
I'll see you dude who is that guy on the
phone there Bharani yeah when did I meet
Veronica 2006 hold on quick math if we
met in 2006 nothing eight years eight
years eight years ago well hey thanks
man I appreciate that
where are you watching from up in Canada
I should thank you sir I will see you
again take care I'm Josh Josh nice to
meet you were you from Pickerington yeah
Oh bro that's right down the road cool
the cumin it's cool seeing the vlogs and
you guys like come to Pickerington it's
sweet
is it you're so sweet all right man
we'll hang we'll see you back around
sometime alright you just might call ins
ready good a bad dude hey dude I think
he is watching to you dude you're like
seriously just sitting there watching TV
and I'm like hey man I'm not mad just
for the record
calm down calm down take a deep breath
Carson wants to know what your name is
Mason its Mason there anywhere I could
see the court case the court case was
not fully recorded the news only came in
for a very short period of time and I
don't know what video footage they have
but other than that no one else filmed
in the court case Thanks you're welcome
how many fingers am i holding up what
nice kid it was a nice game well my
friend that's simple because I am a
cameraman right I don't have a cameraman
you be my cameraman yeah heck yeah buddy
where you from South Korea awesome my
favorite youtuber the slow mo guys I
like a lot of their stuff Tom mabe super
funny guy I love Jeana and Jesse from
PvP ed Bassmaster dude seriously funny
guy seriously funny guy I've had the
honor of hanging out with that bass
master and I can tell you from
experience he's probably the funniest
man on the planet
hey we'll see you on the next one peace
bro really that's a true gladiator right
there traitor
yeah man one more one more and it's you
my friend how are you oh my friend hey
she's your size it's awesome oh she's
really shy tell her something tell her
ask her what her name is she can hear
you what's your name
Lizette
oh listen tell her hi what you do for a
girl when you meet it as you say hello
it's nice to meet you
you can talk you just talk look you
scared her away she's gone now you took
too long bro thank you for hanging out
dude so what do you think how'd you like
a mingle great you like that yeah do you
mean a lot of cool people yeah they all
knew who you were right yeah cuz we
watch them
because they've watched the vlogs every
day bedtime Collins ready for bed so I'm
kind of ready for bed actually maybe we
should sit down here and finish the vlog
together what he said mm-hmm are you
crazy
haha yeah you obviously alright friends
thanks for coming on omegle and hanging
out with us that was a lot of fun if you
didn't get to see us I do apologize I
know it's about five o'clock in the
morning for some of you from here at the
Gilroy House that's about all we can
bring it today so we'll just see you
right back here come on
