good morning gladiators look what we're
doing here man you remember I was
talking about the pipe in my basement
for the hose outside is busted I got my
buddy Seth here he's gonna help me fix
that zombie and here we are
Lowe's the home-improvement superstore
we figured out everything we need
this project is 100% fully underway
we're gonna be using that power washer
to clean off the grass that I've dirtied
my house with in no time all thanks for
my buddy's death he's got all the power
tools man I don't have a saw which we
need to cut the pipe in order to know
how it really to do this I've never
really done a project like this before
so it's good to have people and
and in in the mindset of construction so
they got these fittings this this is the
most monumental time-saver I've ever
seen these fittings they're like
pressure fittings you just seriously
slide the pipe right into that and it
seats and seals no tools no flame no
welding no solder it's beautiful it's as
easy as like it's as easy as making
pancakes on Sunday morning if not easier
that's such a nice guy wouldn't let me
pan for helping me so I insisted that I
bought him lunch
we got him some we got some Wendy's you
know me I love Wendy's I know I'm super
excited because they have back the
pretzel bacon cheeseburger do yourself a
favor
hit the windi's drive-through and get a
bacon pretzel cheeseburger because it is
it's the best cheeseburger on the planet
I'm gonna say that right now confidently
the best one on planet she's never tried
she's dark silhouette and I hate I hate
shooting towards that one that this is
Branca look lovely today take it in guys
she's so cute all right down in the
dungeon we got to do a couple steps to
get this process going we got to shut
the water off till the whole house
because this pipe right here is where it
goes to the hose and this goes to the
rest of the house so you guys shut the
water off so we don't get a flood in my
basement and when I opened the valve
last year on this spigot that's when it
bursted and it bursted right up here and
all that water it was spraying all up
through here and the basement was
flooded it was it was a mess
so we're gonna shut off the water open
up some of the valves upstairs to kind
of relieve some of the pressure
our system and there's a little knob on
the end and you tighten it up and it
rolls and there's a cutting wheel on the
top you just keep going around and
adding tension as you go
yeah that's one you got a little that
buddy
so we got a little water coming now
imagine trying to weld that oh yeah
that'd be a nightmare Thanks all right
outside right quick and stick this one
through
okay
this is our replacement and we get this
all hooked up and we test it we hook the
hose up and make sure it all works I'm
gonna make sure that the hose works
properly I'm just gonna squirt it that's
where it's split so inside this tube
there's like a rod that goes all the way
up to the very end right there and it's
got basically like a plunger and it's
this thing's built for that purpose if
it freezes you can still seal it at the
end so it still seals back here so the
burst has to happen in between here
which is great but can you believe that
it just popped right out pipe is all
cleaned up and pretty you can tell but
now this compression fitting goes on it
and I think it's so crazy that that
thing just that's it you just push it on
and done and I don't know where it's so
Wow like that thing will not leave I
hope we hope her own
all right can I use that sure you sure
will come off the wall you sure
what's the towel that bleeds all over my
floor dude I usually don't let guests
act that way in my house but you're a
special case I guess I do it every word
yeah I bet you do here we go
easing the pressure back hey I got water
a little longer mr. Aggarwal returned
yes success she's all doped up pun
intended
haha it's perfect no leaks the water
from the outside works the water valve
inside is wide open so fully the
pressure is fully restored to the whole
house there's no leaks so awesome got a
hose again chase knows hose I don't know
we gotta hook that hose up on the
outside to save it it truly works you
know thanks for the help
how'd you know it was gonna do that you
need to cool off a little bit that's all
I'm trying to say so we got the hose all
taken care of which is cool man that's
awesome and there's still one thing left
that I need to complete one minor little
thing and that's this whiteboard man I
haven't got to hung it up yet so while
he's got the drill here we're gonna go
upstairs and hang it you see this
application is quite easy just drill a
couple holes in the drywall drywall
anchors
about a Boeing bottle bang well just go
light show on a drill well that's sexy
dude flawless execution there she is I
kind of erased some of my gilroy vlogs
man those that took me of painstakingly
five minutes yeah Seth thank you so much
yes no problem I'll tell you what this
guy is a true handyman and I will be
servicing here I mean using your
services yeah now I gotta go meet up
with Veronica it's my grandpa's birthday
he's like 120 years old I mean he's old
he's rolled so we're gonna go celebrate
his birthday have a cookout hopefully if
the weather doesn't shit on us I want to
draw a little attention to a point that
I want to make and that's it today and
yesterday I noticed quite a few comments
on my video that you know you guys are a
little upset that I didn't make it to
VidCon and and some of you believe that
it's Romans fault and that's not the
case at all it's no one's fault but my
own that I'm not in VidCon and truly I'm
honored that so many of you want to meet
me there I think that's incredible but
that being said going to VidCon is very
very expensive and I just it would have
been financially irresponsible for me to
cut the dough to go to VidCon when I'll
be out I'll be out in LA soon you know
you know what by next year we will have
crossed a hundred thousand subscribers I
will have taken my mom to Rome and and
we'll probably be closer to two hundred
thousand subscribers which would be
great and you know like I said I'm just
simply honored that you guys wanted me
to go to VidCon bad enough to make
mention of it so oh geez your waller own
grandma hey guess what we're going
bye-bye
give me high fives give me thumbs up
give me a good to see you came time to
go eat lasagna they he loves lasagna so
they're making lasagna for dinner and I
can't wait cuz I'm starved
come on honey let's go that sucks I got
a holler from my wife she's like down
basically down in the dungeon working
you it's this is funny
why you're trying to tell my promise I
was going to show you guys what it looks
like when you eighty when you wear your
age when you become 84 years old you
know look at my face I seem young but
let me show you what I could look like
in a few years you're not ready mmm
that's it right there wait one more oh I
know it's hard it's hard to keep your
composure when you're being as goofy as
my family that's all right choice yeah
this is grandma she's my picture take my
picture gram run around the bunker short
how's the grandma you were 19 and you
first had a TV yeah this was
black-and-white TV
yeah what antennas how much was gallon
of gas probably 10 20 20 cents 20 cents
for a gallon of gas
what would you go do on a Friday night
what would that work I worked all time
oh and all you want to do is simply call
of duty yes that is the most glorious
lasagna I have ever seen whoa times two
close your puppies and your name is
what's right huh
oh what's in the kitchen yeah cupcakes
those are for me right oh favorite
everybody bad oh you're going just for
me though I didn't go to the store look
at that Boston cream pie goes oh man
that's the highlight right there Boston
cream pie
yeah it's from Boston we have hoagies in
Boston you know the whole reason boys
baby saying this can only have one teeny
bite
Oh
I got that's totally mine dude do you
think you are that's got my name on but
this is not your name
I hate this part this is the end of the
party where everyone starts saying
goodbye we'll see you later
are you doing what I think you're doing
Veronica my what we need some groceries
we do and so this one's he's how they
always are my he's awake yeah so go get
some food for breakfast make sure you
get bacon we gotta have bacon yeah yeah
we'll get some bacon and eggs okay sweet
mr. bacon persons talking about
Christmas already
what for real did you say what's that
buddy
cuz you probably sent that shirt to him
that's so cute you gonna sit in here
looking through my facebook feed and I
was like where's my wife she ever coming
back
good let's go eat I'm hungry yeah he had
his bed night snack delirious every
night before the boys go to bed they
call it a bed nice snack person chose
Jesus oh please it now you're ready for
bed right yeah I missed you man while
you were gone hmm in the store yeah I
missed you well you're our grandma's did
you miss me too
that is that one Apple but yeah but that
one that's funny
you want to close the vlog for us there
really isn't much left for today huh
yeah it's night time we did everything
fun we could do today right yeah yeah
birthday party with cake and ice cream
I got a Angry Bird cupcake it sounds
awesome and I fixed the hose so we can
see so we'll do that yeah and I guess
it's about the end of the night so maybe
you want to close the vlog for us yeah
do you even know how to say yeah all
right let's give call Carson hmm what
does give Carson a chance to close out
the vlog for today okay so what I do
I'll see you guys right back here
tomorrow
