alright guys it's Friday and you know
what that means it's time again for fan
art Friday I wanted you guys to find
your favorite DVDs your favorite movies
and incorporate me Veronica Roman
whoever into the titles of the movies
alright so let's get right to it first
up is going to be Austin Austin made a
really sweet the upcoming movie Dumb and
Dumber to the artwork for that movie is
the shag wagon and Harry and Lloyd are
hanging out the windows and obviously
Harry and Lloyd have been replaced by
myself and Roman and I think it looks
pretty funny matter of fact I absolutely
cannot wait for this movie to drop I'm
very excited about it one of my
favorites next up is another from my
buddy Chris link he did the Ace Ventura
pet detective which has now been
replaced with chase Gilroy from Gilroy
vlogs so instead of holding up my Ace
Ventura Pet Detective badge we got my
vlog camera right in your face down at
the bottom you can see it says we'll see
you right back here tomorrow I love it
the theme is great everything fits with
the content the artwork it's it's
beautiful good job Chris you always do
good work next is from Dom Dom did a
jackass number two so as you can see we
are running from the bowls in the
background the rest of the cast is
running as well and you know myself
Roman and Batali
are leading the pack away from the
vicious vicious bulls and I want to say
I really really enjoy jackass and it was
very clever of you to incorporate the
three of us jackasses in the Jackass
movie title it's really cool good job
Dom I love it
next is from Ginuwine
genuine incorporated me Colin Carson and
Veronica into the DVD cover for the
movie the chaperone and I what can I say
it looks like I've been working out I've
been working out man Bronk is a bus
driver it's awesome I love it looks
great it's awesome
next is from Jonathan Jonathan created
some artwork
for the movie the Gangster Squad I'm
looking very dapper in my children's
army helmet this is it looks really good
I like it
good job Jonathan next one is from me as
she did the Despicable Me 2 movie which
is a fun movie for the kids I know my
kids love it and you can tell that the
boys have been transformed into minions
and I'm GRU the main character and
forget the girl's name but Veronica has
taken her role right by my side it looks
really cool I like it next up is oz
created the Back to the Future 3 movie
artwork and me Roman and Brittany are
the main characters and you can tell
that you know we we all look very
excited to be going back to the future
and this is a very very good movie a
classic very awesome Romans playing the
role of Christopher Lloyd the the
wonderful the the crazy mad scientist in
the Back to the Future 3 and you did a
very good job in the house good work
next is from Ron Fox the movie the chase
which is a 1994 film starring Charlie
Sheen and I think this one's are really
well implemented and I remember actually
watching this movie it's a funny movie
but this is he's got me in that I don't
know how he got a duck face he got a
duck face from Gilroy so we have chase
Gilroy impersonating Charlie Sheen here
with the duck face it's very very funny
and very well done good job Ron I really
appreciate that one Timothy submitted
the Zombieland movie cover artwork and
it looks like it looks like I've taken
the place of Woody Harrelson Colin is
Jesse Eisenberg Veronica Emma Stone and
callin her I'm sorry Carson is abigail
breslin
that's a very epic movie if I do say and
I don't think that either of us or any
of us would be well prepared for a
zombie apocalypse
you did good Timothy I loved it it looks
cool and last on the list from zap FX we
have the wedding singer and Veronica and
his taking Drew Barrymore's role and me
Adam Sandler I love any movie that Adam
Sandler is in and I have to say that if
I did have this hairstyle I think I'd
pull it off quite well you did a great
job zapped and I appreciate all the
artwork and I wanted to tell you guys I
had a challenge I had a challenge from
someone on Twitter to to include myself
in this week's participation so I did
one myself and here it is the upcoming
movie 22 Jump Street where Atwood is
taking the role as Jonah Hill and I have
become Channing Tatum what do you think
how'd I do
Roman took two Jonah Hill quite well but
I don't think I fit on Channing Tatum
very well and I'll show you here this is
what it looks like before and after so
the one the one on the left is the
actual movie poster and the one on the
right is the one that I did so as you
know as always we have to pick a
favorite and I'd have to say given all
the submissions my favorite is going to
have to go to Dom with the movie jackass
number two simply because we have all in
in the prank in the prank crew we've all
grown up watching jackass we love all
the members of the Jackass crew johnny
knoxville bam margera steve-o ryan dunn
preston Dave England I mean we man
everyone it's just an amazing cast and
crew that we've all looked up to ever
since our family career so
congratulations Dom you are this week's
winner
and hit me up with your email give me
your address so I can hook you up you
guys want to submit for next week's fan
on Friday
send your submissions to Gilroy blogs at
gmail.com
please send the JPEG or a PNG those file
formats work the best for me and let's
get to next week next week I want you
guys to do something different let's try
and spice up the fan art Friday format a
little bit I want to try and get some
elements to use to create an intro so
here's my challenge I want you guys to
create the still image that would be fan
art Friday what do you think the intro
of fan art Friday should look
be creative use your imagination and
show me what you got all right guys
that's all I got for you this week we
will see you right back here next week
