good morning guys it's a super bumpy
ride on the beach we're headed out to
adventure today we're going down towards
Ocracoke to check out the lighthouses
which means we have to take a very cool
very rough
whoa bro yes you can't just come for
anything like that of course we can't go
anywhere without putting air back in
spikes
all aired up and ready to go this
particular trip takes quite a quite a
long time it's a few hours to go south
all the way down 12 towards Hatteras Pat
matter
and then there's a berry that takes you
over to okra - right
that correct
Veronica knows all things I'm just
relaying the fourth video I want to get
there person to know that's that
question again
the
we made it to the ferry Carson you've
never rode this ferry of you lyza we're
going to get on a boat with our car
we're on the back of the boat all right
they're making it okay
welcome to the ferry Liza we're on the
ferry Clark tells me there's the captain
up there right now I can't pretend like
I'm driving no it's not No
you like it okay good good I'm glad you
like it oh yeah
we're on a boat over here Oh
buta Kherson here we go
whoa boy that's brisk oh that's brisk
autumn brisk whoo
it's pretty very weird for me I just
want to like close my eyes we're sitting
forward in a car but going backward on a
boat the struggle of getting up early
and leaving the house we got twelve
percent left to export the vlog so I'm
working on yesterday's vlog on this long
boat ride there's no power here so I
have to wait till we hit land to find
somewhere to have lunch to have power to
export to upload and all that stuff so
that's what I'm working on I think we're
almost there
it's starting to see land there for a
while it was nothing and it's super cold
the dogs are right there
we made it
Galileo stood buddy oh we're going off
the boat Liza oh my gosh look at her
mouth all chocolate Ocracoke Island and
I think the only reason I came down here
is to check out the Ocracoke lighthouse
which we've done once before and once
you see it you'll be like that well last
time we came down was just a few
lighthouse but this time we have a few
more hours to spare and we're cuttin out
whole island
are you serious we're like Island High
yeah your mom once which I got like the
beaches and the house was down here oh
we're going to Howard's pub and raw bar
mom you're gonna shuck some oysters
shuck them shut
come on just shuck it mom shuck it mom
my knife is at home
you don't need a shuck a knife to shuck
here you just shuck it mom you second
she'll go : always goes for crab hearts
and dove into if he doesn't know what
he's doing he doesn't he has no clue you
got to break the finger off there first
Colin peel it back dude
yeah pilla back please our fingers like
a blackened my my love love my my super
super get the Snowman where you want to
go mom set
okay with me
Oh Walker cook Oh sad Wow just too too
long cute asking Google show me a map of
Oracle Island it's Ocracoke Ocracoke
Oh kirkhope mom keeps going on Oracle
but it's Ocracoke and we're trying we
came down here to spend the day because
it's it's quite far if we left at 8:30
ish this morning and we didn't really
get here until 12:30 1:00 and at 3
o'clock now we've just been wasting time
and we ate we got the vlog up so I hope
you guys enjoyed yesterday's video but
yeah I think we're going to go try and
check out the little I'd like
yeah so that's pretty much that
that's the Ocracoke lighthouse it's not
very tall at all around here it's
probably one of the shortest lighthouse
what's still very cool lighthouses play
an integral part of you know keeping
things safe on the coastline that's why
between just out there 10 feet 20 feet
and back here whoo
I had to stop doing everything and pick
up Liza she's getting sandblasted but
this is just like the public public
access beach for Ocracoke kind of cool
all right so that's pretty much our time
on Ocracoke Island we're about ready to
get back on the ferry here but worried
we might might not make this or you want
to ours a lot of vehicles to get on here
Shunta shoes off
you don't take her shoes off baby girl
come on you can do birds are laughing at
they're laughing at you
we got something to say I'm bud you
talking smack but you all got you over
here won't go downtown you want throw
some ads we didn't make it Hagan what
are you gonna do here in state I'm going
to tell your mom that was the last ferry
she has been mainly conversation you do
somebody do it I'll fill out through
here shouldn't look at you we have a bit
of a weight now and I figured why not
have a little bit of fun I don't have
anything that I think the birds will eat
except for cleaning up birds eat nuts
right no I don't think I need to know do
birds eat nut they could it again hey
Gillman good perfect
yeah Thank You Google trial around here
how do they even know I haven't even
thrown it away mr. specters in that work
the words are gone they scared us the
birds away
I did you the produce
literally dog food right at me ya know
get pooped on recovery you know we need
popcorn other words and popcorn
finally the wait is wait that one looks
bigger yeah let's continue oh my gosh
that was a two-hour detour roadblock
what do you call it and the Amazing Race
was a roadblock or u-turn beep oh
crazy-cool are you what are you just
hanging out Liza yes for letting lies
around the cabin as we sit in a boat in
our car
this is enjoying a beautiful sunset on
the water
who
did the gear check out machines a woman
sunglasses at night Donna Lum above
 mcbowser and daddy wants to hear
to bed oh just got back at 11 1617 the
road the beat road was treacherous I was
very nervous
it was rough did you did you think it
was rough I was sleeping like this
there's a boy boy
Eliza slept through actually but we got
to get these kids to bed I'm super tired
are you super tired
it's amazing what writing annacarl day
will do to drive back down the beaches
you did good you did good
obviously Veronica's feeling much better
you guys so the antibiotics did what
they're supposed to do so that's good
and I think tomorrow so tomorrow's
Thursday we're probably going to stay
all day Friday and then head home
Saturday morning or we might split it up
not to crack nobody would you want to
drive all day again or split it up split
it up so I don't know we'll make a
decision on but it is late I'm tired
we're all tired tonight you try and I
hope you guys enjoyed our look around
Ocracoke today there's a lot of fun the
ferry ride with sunset the short drone
flight thumbs up today's video if you
enjoyed our random little adventure and
that my friends is where we leave you
for today once they thank you so much
for watching and we can't wait to see
you right back here tomorrow we can't
wait to see you right back here
