alright this fifth floor it this is it
good yeah the elevators back here check
this place out I guess I'm in the wrong
business I need to be an attorney this
place is nice could you imagine your
office has a cafe downstairs we can get
to all your coffee gourmet coffee bro
you have elevators with LED lighting bro
Donald Trump's those dude you look good
in this lady do I look back on what
about timing weather but the only way a
star yeah everybody's here Danny we got
Mike want a vitally Roman partner my
cunt sucker was here the first time he
was Frank watch on his good luck he was
flat stretch goes he's not guilty oh my
girls out now that's how you win the
kids yeah NBC t-shirt and they want to
do a quick interview with Roman and
metallic before we go to court what you
know when we're gonna head out and go up
the elevator we did we sat in this room
inside this glass box yes I'm holding it
higher in this glass box and figured out
exactly you know everything about our
case and we're about to go down the
street and when and be my guilty joe
rogers gonna win it there you go that's
right it's our goal I saw him yesterday
the man Joe oh he was on he walked in
yesterday got it became he said dance
ready to us oh he was Dennis's just how
guy okay look at this crew suits how do
I look good sure let's go thanks dude
sure to we're approaching
the courthouse and I'm excited to see if
there's a giant crowd I tell people
that's rough we've got our news
cameraman in a ride with us the easiest
way to get the news years tell them
they'll be people here but really
there's no did your network is gonna be
so happy they're gonna be like how'd you
get that shot in the van and I were a
producer I would be happy with that shot
he's an inside yes he's like i enjoy i
know sources TMZ mmm you see
give my film de menthe I goes first all
right i'm gonna put this down come on
Mike let's go the girls that lets go
Mike let's go there's all these people
it's a small crowd you know what I mean
some small crowd what up sport out there
you guys go ahead with your site
excitement go yeah yeah getting clean
now that's dedication all you guys Rock
you all rock alright it's just about
time to walk into this quarter time to
silence our phones it'll work though
it's that time he's like Gilroy he's
like yo hey guys hey how are you what's
your name dig nice to meet you do this
is Jake from State Farm chair how's me
oh yeah he's an insurance agent he looks
a little young but you know that's a
good way to start it for you good for
you we go promises fulfilled get you
guys a bracelet
seriously the pig whatever you want
don't be shy oh wow hopi bracelet right
that's rockin whoa alright so we're on a
quick bathroom break what do you think
about this crap it is a quick bathroom
break and then we gotta get back to it
it's taking a long time there's my buddy
what oh I needed that water so bad drive
up Patrick Mel toilet oh my god that
water's like scuffle Oh
breaking for the day man that's rough
stuff yeah I've never been more bored
like would you agree we're gonna get
some food yeah thnkx hungry yeah me too
if you ever wondered what a law firm
looks like after hours it's nice and
quiet nice and quiet that's where we
were earlier figuring out our situation
today went well I think the plaintiffs
the City of Columbus presented their
sides and tomorrow we take the stand and
actually present our defense which i
think is pretty strong considering you
know we didn't break any laws
today was an eventful day need to get
some rest and wake up early need a good
breakfast get this vlog edited and
uploaded and hopefully we'll see some
more you guys it's awesome for those of
you who did show up I was really cool
well that's going to do it for today you
guys thank you so much for all the love
support and I will see you right back
here tomorrow
