I've been waiting for Roman all morning
you just got here and trying to scare
go
you
haha yeah what's in there watching your
vlog look ma I'm stepping up in this
here game bro you got me good ooh ha
look at I brought today hey awesome too
w-where two in each year yeah let's
follow me hey I'm ready let's go prank
oh it's so cold out though I know we're
gonna take his rental car back so I have
to drive separate which kind of blows
hope he doesn't lose because there's at
least 300 horses underneath that hood
so much we made it finally back to the
osu campus it's been a long time long
feel like you don't want to film here
anymore you moved on you decided i'm
going to bed i'm going to vegas i'm
going to LA I'm going here and
everywhere yeah because you're gonna see
today that how many times I get
recognized here maybe like that's why
you don't film here yeah yeah no we
should do this bunch of it's nice and
quiet here today so we should be fun
there's tours happening some guys
alright cameras all set don't want you
guys to know got the headphones sink the
mics we're gonna bottom great we're
gonna rock it sounds great today put
this bag on instant we go to school here
yeah just go to score yeah this is my
luck
following this man around watching to
make big left
you want that
oh yeah you hard we do booty I like
every time I say it's hot videos look
broken penis I'll show you Arizona where
it's underneath we're going to come in
this little stairway because we felt
cold air as we walk by the door it's hot
out I'm just looking around nosey campus
was fun got a lot of good reactions
there so now it's not you know you move
keep moving go different places find
different people now we're on short
north maybe some franks with those look
good how exterminator the series right
that's a classic window display right
there we're stopping to get some food I
chose sushi Alexa shoo-ins hot out this
is just California crunch of California
I like sushi went off when it's hot out
something song it should be when it's
hot out Romans going fried it I'm like
I'm like an eight-year-old
I guess I kind of made a bad move with
Mountain Dew about who cares who cares
live dangerously that's what I said was
it
I didn't think I could eat all that
test mat I know it's not real real
that was good
my favorite
how's yours
he heard everything you said
my one fear is that we go back outside
into the heat and all that sushi says no
my bar everywhere
never had that up
no no I'm reading all these emails for
courting the she should be reading 20 I
lost track of understand I don't know
how this was your doing dude how bad
would you if a whole pile of semen
it just came pouring out of this truck
bro I don't know what it would do I love
to see it actually I think I'd be the
guy that wants to see it it's pretty
close look I can see right up this
trucks buckle man be awesome we're done
filming by the way and we're back at
Romans did I hear someone wants to ride
some four-wheelers little you are wrong
alone all ride the big well the big 10
I'll take forever the Carson's gonna
film for me well I get on this
four-wheeler three two one go
ok
Oh
we thank pretty good all right so we
just had some dinner or just nachos and
then had some phone meetings with the
attorneys it looks like tomorrow's going
to be really promising I'm quite excited
Romans quite excited the only thing is I
don't I don't know what to wear like I
have a suit but I don't have I don't
have dress shoes I had somehow lost my
dress shoes so I'm not sure what we're
gonna do is like ten o'clock at night
there but we're gonna be at a table all
day that's true well anyway Romans going
to get his hair cut and I don't have
anything better to do so I'm just gonna
go with them we're going to talk about
how exciting tomorrow I mean I can't
wait this is an interesting perspective
Roman this is Romans barber John's John
this personal barber cut my hair for
long time and it's basement at any hour
of the day mmm yeah let's come what's
what's really unique about John spa is
that and they have the strangest
conversations here but Roman really gets
us in here gives haircut with his shoes
off it's up to great when I'm interested
my answer all right so we're out of the
barber and it's it turned quite shitty
real quick it is dwarven guys man
oh he'll probably shouldn't be blogging
the drive but you know what I got I got
a lot of stuff to get ready i got to
find my suit all my clothes it's been a
long time since I've worn a suit and tie
so I got to get everything ready tonight
edit this blog get it uploaded ready
tomorrow
so unfortunately you won't get to see
Veronica safe tomorrow
but I'm you seeing this we made a party
man I may have already met some of you
and if that's the case it was a pleasure
to meet you
and
we'll just see you right back here
