thank you shoes the boys are trying on
their new shoes but I think that they
might be a little bit too big one size
too big you might you might have to just
you know grow into him not I mean yeah
I'll check this out I woke up and the
boys had the boys had done their own
little piece of art on the whiteboard
what does that again person that's a
plaintiff or zombies plants vs. zombies
the bucket head zombie huh be sure in
the that zombies on my side oh yeah he's
confused huh well that's actually not
bad huh
not bad at all yeah what are you doing
yes is one so you can do more give ride
logs hey guess what what I mean change
his eyes actually okay I changed his
eyes yep
show me what you got
it's Jaya he'll bind on me he'll bring
zombie does he have dots in his eyes hmm
Oh nuts
perfect we're getting ready to go over
to Romans and it's very difficult to get
these boys out of the house when they're
stuck on these tablets they picked up
their tablets while we were getting
ready and now they can't put him down
come on dude let's go enjoy the day no
I'm Cain's home you can go see him yeah
you can go see him you can show them
your kitty
ready Colin look who I found
holy monkey
Oh what's up guys hey cane Noah Oh
summer drove in yeah yeah our girls
wetter in this virus one thing yes you
know I didn't know spider-man was able
to drive four-wheelers
I know how yeah I know and I also didn't
realize that this helmet looks like a
spiderweb that's so awesome dude
all right let's see if this works I
don't think it's going to thing is
charged here hold it Zeus
she's dead as a doornail dad is a door
now we're going to have to plunder him
sick Kings treasure chest that's pretty
sweet dude I gotta say that was a pretty
creative idea what was his chest house
mom oh my god dude they could tell they
had such a good time do it here what in
the play things are good taken Turk Cain
Cain did you have fun digging up the
treasure chest that looked like it was
so much fun
I can't treasurer yeah cool treasure
came no one came on the beach yesterday
they did they really did so the girls
went to the store to get stuff to make
for dinner
for fur because we want to cook out we
want to grill out Romans home we gotta
celebrate right we're like yeah let's
play some battlefield 4 while they're
gone you won't believe the hoops we had
to jump through to get this online mmm
updates EA Sports is now origin so you
had to switch over to an Origin account
Roman doesn't have one we had make one
know that it has four it's too short
passwords too long yet I have one
uppercase one lowercase one number this
is ridiculous all the hoops you gotta
jump through just to have a brutal hello
are you yeah cheese balls for snacking
man Branca I wish you could walk
everyone through exactly how you make
this because Veronica's making it's
pretty easy she's making these sour
cream nuts are nice our fries cream
cheese she's making cream cheese and
cheddar filled jalapeno-stuffed bacon
wrapped there just just wait there
awesome
baked beans corn with cob BBQ chicken
cheese ball it's so good you can't even
see it you're doing corn for cookouts
right you can either boil it or you can
take them just like this just as they
come off of the stalks and put them
straight
straight on the grill or do you want
them back here I can make room for you
babe
yeah that's fine that's fine I messed up
I have to spray the grill oh that's a
stick in that means you can't move him
for a while oh sorry buddy oh that's
that's sexy meat right there here I can
probably put them up here that's what I
cook up it'll cook this room down here
if you want them down here I got a
little work very low heat yeah a little
work oh yeah
boy you just rotate them every three to
several minutes seven minutes three to
several three so I didn't say anything
about seven you're not giving up your
secret that's what uh how they make it
exactly all right I need you guys to
know how to make these jalapeno popper
things because they're so good it's
really really easy so basically take
your jalapenos right and then you cut
them in half take all the seeds out and
you fill them with a cream cheese and
cheddar mixture just fill them up and
then wrap them with bacon it's really
that easy and they're so so good I
promise you all of these won't be gone
they probably all will be gone but I
don't know that's quite a bit yeah they
are so good you have to kind of like
spicy things like my opinion they're not
really that hot no no no
they're so good oh I will do anything
for you can I sit by you :
yeah okay high five yeah dude this looks
good - it was all the corn outside the
corn I gotta get the corn no good callin
snack put the eyes on there real quick
not like that yeah it was supposed to be
a Oscar the Grouch cookie it's a pretty
extreme cookie look all that icing jeez
Louise
what's that you know okay Robin's hittin
battlefield again I think we should do
that for the rest of the evening
does that taste good anyway oh yeah man
yeah enjoy
Romans favorite way of burning off his
meal it's coming on here and losing hard
that battlefield nicely believe I'm like
zero 120 I don't think that either of us
will ever get any all right any better
let's see where I'm at all right here's
this is me trough what is it what is it
what is it those try all right this is
Roman oh I did not
hey that's nice not bad kills t probably
lobbed a grenade or something killed
three of my awesome alright we've been
here practically all day I mean look
outside it's dark it's dark outside I'm
the only one who ate my girl Grace's you
park rah rah - dude I'll have you know
it was delicious
no no I'm gonna eat in the morning
you're not me yes it isn't as soon as I
walk out you're gonna throw that in the
trash
you look like oh they look like puppets
I got no blue no try it hey we're
leaving dude Oh guys guess what I'm
super excited because guess what Romans
home that's good he's all good and we're
gonna film tomorrow all day you and me
buddy
rock it up I'm physically I can't
contain myself if you can see me I'm
gonna sleep tonight
I know mmm I sleep with this now dude
yeah I'll do 25 walls now so we're not
gonna take that with this airway I
usually hold this always sleep alright
man I'm glad you're home dude I'm good
I'm glad I'm home - thank you taking
care of this place for me I I took
pretty much everything out of here
everything out of here what they don't
know is that you guys just went grocery
shopping
I tried to do maximum damage but I just
come home and refill it I don't
understand
home sweet home oh man I really can't
wait to put this thing up I'll just keep
running out of time and each day to do
that we get that done this week is going
to be crazy tomorrow we're going to film
all day picking up fatality at the
airport in the evening and then Tuesday
we have court for the ATM prank and it's
supposed to be a two-day trial so it's
supposed to go Tuesday and Wednesday and
then possibly Thursday but we don't know
for sure yet
if it'll be Thursday or not but
definitely Tuesday and Wednesday so if
you guys care to show up I'll get you
the address tomorrow put in the
description I just realized it's Sunday
and I'm going to take the trash to the
road after that it's probably going to
be time to edit
yeah it's midnight time to edit this get
up so we can get the ball rolling on
this week it's going to be awesome so
thank you guys so much for hanging out
with us today we didn't really do a
whole lot of than play some video games
brahmic yelled at me all day Miguel
anymore she didn't yell at me I'm just
kidding all right guys that's about it
for today we love you we will see you
right back here tomorrow
