I got em back nice-looking day today I'm
gonna start my day out with some work
and get this grass mowed and then I
don't know what we're doing today only
do something
I got grass all over the side of the
house
I just tried to brush it off the broom
and its really really really stuck so
unless a really hard rain comes along to
wash it off it looks like crap too and
my hose doesn't work
tell you why and it's been it's been out
of commission for about a year and a
half two years the one winter we left
the hose connected to the faucet and it
was springtime and we tried to use it
but it was still a little bit frozen so
inside underneath in the basement the
hose bursted and I had a ton of water
down there so I haven't had access to my
hose for a while so now that I've done
this I'm gonna need to figure out how to
fix that so I can borrow someone's power
washer and clean off the side of my
house I need to get showered and ready
because I'm going over to Roman and
Brittany's they're on their way home
today from vacation which is great
I missed the crap out of Roman he's been
gone for like two weeks so be good to
see him and they'll probably get in late
so it'll be a hey how are you doing how
was your trip we'll see you tomorrow but
I'm gonna get in the shower so I can get
over there Veronica's cooking a very
delicious chicken noodle and mashed
potato dinner ladies and gentlemen look
as we witness a rare occasion Veronica
in her natural habitat honey I missed
you I had so much fun moment and I made
a huge mess all over the side of the
house well let me be honest I used a
zero-turn mower instead of
tomorrow you're looking crappy I kind of
did leave the yard looking crappy
actually and one of the passes I went
with the guard towards the house and so
sprained grabbed her all over the Sun
yeah the big one yeah it only took me
like 10 minutes
well now you should get a power washer
and power off the house and clean the
gutters and you know I already said all
that but in order to use the power
washer I have to fix the now we'd be
great I could teach all you out there on
the internet how to how to repair a
busted pipe oh well fogged up this is
the best it's like a homemade chicken
noodle kicking them off - she makes
these noodles chicken and noodles
whatever she custom hand makes these
noodles see those noodles right there
those big thick noodles yeah your custom
custom built and that's good looks like
he's ready to rest you ready to wrestle
boy come and get me come June
get him Zeus get him get him easy
Zeus on Zeus will shoot your forehead
off
won't you Seuss
I got you now I've got you now so what
you do then Messi did you get it cleaned
up all right what else did you do
outside okay
peanuts lawyers fitness yells out of our
mouths you were eating peanuts and spits
shells out yep oh man that sounds epic
did you swing on the swings in I know
you didn't swing on the swing set no did
you swing you through the trees you
swing through the trees like Tarzan oh
did you shoot aliens like Will Smith and
men in black there's Colin the Acrobat
me Colin hey Colin high five high five
for summertime what do you do today
look at this peanut shell mess
everywhere come on clean it up
help me clean it up no I'll help you
clean it up you guys need to clean this
mess up because we think this is Texas
Roadhouse it's not cleaning it up
basically these fresh flaky water milk
biscuit thank you yeah you can bottom a
bit well we had a fantastic dinner and
now it's time for the fish to eat you
guys ready to see the fish get some food
you wanna feed them
how do you do nails pinch a little bit
of just two fingers
okay
we lift up there just drop it in the
water where is it calling getting the
time in the water
don't let out that's fine just your
fingers not your honor
anemone I need some that food too -
shrimp it's really blue in there huh no
that's not a sure if that's a hermit
crab
pretty much what no no no there's two
shrimp clams legs there's a shrimp and
I'm crab fighting sense yeah what I want
to see DK oh look you boys want to get
into some dominoes or stackers whatever
you want to call these so we'll start
here and we'll go all the way down and
then all the way back and then all the
way down and back and down the back and
a zigzag all the way across the table
okay okay I'll do one two
why don't we connect it like you'll
watch and this will go all the way to
the end of the table and we'll just do a
curve really got half way through man is
your fault you bumped it yeah it was my
fault I bought two it's and all you got
to do is flick out that purple one just
flick it yep ready I'll do Collins Oh
okay my dad is like building a smile
more pretty awesome right it's total
awesome right guys here's my domino
creation for the day mom warm know what
you think don't bump the table I think
we'll leave that for them so when they
come home you can see this awesome
smile more you know we should write as
welcome home but that takes so much time
I don't know any think it was fit well
welcome them at home smile more but
that's cool right that's cool though hey
better nothing knocked that over frozen
pickles
Colin said that is pickles wasn't cold
enough cuz we had just bottom and you
like some cold freezer and obviously
forgot about we call it I think your
peoples are cold
alright well yeah we're going home
it sucks I didn't see him when they came
home but I know what that drives like
and it is nasty so as soon as they get
home they're gonna want to go to sleep
so we'll just let him get some sleep and
we'll catch up with Roman and Britain
tomorrow morning let's get you boys at
home in the bath
you smell dirty yeah calling you stink
this is the death seat hmm
so some very very intelligent individual
commented on it was yesterday's video
today here's why don't you make sure the
markers work on that board before you
hang it and I think that's a really good
idea you know that's a good idea so
we're gonna test it now
all right you got it all right let's try
it let's just start with my initials C
Jizzle that's a try I think so that's it
that's baller right there since we have
a white board we can do a draw my life
oh yeah yeah do you know what that is I
have seen on before it's awesome so we
just fly on this giant dry erase board
and we could draw our lives I'm not a
very good artist at all it doesn't have
to be it could be just stick figures 60
years that's my cheese I wasn't always a
sauce one you know I started as a baby
baby baby back then you know are you
down there honey
oh I'm done drawing here's my little
mm-hmm
my works artwork
I am absolutely horrible handwriting so
does all our work you get on me huh
chase is going town over here I guess
ultimately the answer we're after here
is yes the markers will definitely work
so and this stuff's called marker board
mark our board and it's like 10 bucks
for this big piece and then a dollar
fifty for the mounts and you got
yourself a huge whiteboard
oh this was ten bucks - all right cool
so now we know we can hang the
whiteboard I'll do that tomorrow I can't
do it right now because the kids are
asleep do join us tomorrow we're gonna
go and see how Roman and Brittany enjoy
their vacation I suppose then in that
case that would be a wrap on today and
we will see you guys right back here
