right here in this seat again which can
only mean one thing it's Friday and
we've got 10 pieces of fan generated
artwork that we need to go through and
pick the best one
this week was a free-for-all which means
you guys could make anything you want
and we got a lot of really cool
submissions let's not waste any time
let's jump right into number 10 Brenden
keys made this really cool drawing it's
like a big just really cool drawing of
wrong it looks like she's hiding behind
a barrel look like 5 gallon drums of
gasoline or something or Jack Daniels
that yeah yeah let's let's say that
let's say Veronica is hiding behind a a
very large barrel of Jack Daniels she's
playing hide and seek with me and this
is her peeking out nicely drawn good job
Brendan you always do great work number
9 comes to us from Daniel Daniel this is
a really cool it's not perfect I don't
think it's meant to be but I thought it
was a really cool idea so he took he
took us in mouth bar and this is
obviously the Simpsons so I forget the
guys name in the pink shirt and the
green shirt forget those two guys names
obviously Kevin Brooke is moe passed out
on the bar and then you got Roman
standing there beside Homer with a very
confused look on his face Brittany's
bartending battalion me are sitting
there having a drink the TV's rolling
some Roman Atwood pranks above the bar
on the mirror there's this Wanted sign
Roman is one for fake ID that's
hilarious man is phony number eight
jenji um I he sent these pictures
individually but in the email I kept
them together because it looked really
funny so he's showing us the two
pictures that he used and then the one
all the way to the right is the final
and this girl don't don't worry she's
got stickers over her boobs but
apparently she really enjoys that the
masculine poster of meet me number seven
Jonas sent in a what he wants to put he
wants me to put this on a t-shirt this
is his idea for a gladiator t-shirt and
I think it's pretty cool I don't hate it
it's simple it's it's simple and it's oh
it's a bloody t-shirt what do you guys
think all right number six Marley no
sent me a picture of what I would look
like if I continue to eat McDonald's and
or any other fast food for a month
straight I don't think I have the
capability of growing fat I don't know
though you you know knock on knock on
wood knock on wood let's hope that never
happens but you know if it does get to
that I'll start working out any stuff
number five comes to us from Nicolas
Nicolas has portrayed me as the
embodiment of the President of the
United States of America and I have to
say that somehow my hands got a lot more
Sun than my face but it's cool no I mean
I'm down to run the United States and it
can't be that hard right yeah all right
number four comes to us from Olivia
Massey one of my favorite movies of all
time happy gilmore
I am the Gulf Club wielding happy
gilmore herself you should be happy
Gilroy shouldn't change the words I have
to deal with other
alright number three comes us from
Reuben this was one of the first
submission and I gotta say I don't think
I don't think I'd look good as a woman I
mean the body's there but not not the
case number two comes to us from and
this is alphabet photography this is
something that I did in college it was
one of our required course works and you
have to go and find all these different
shapes that given the right perspective
will represent letters so he took all
these different photos that look like
the letters of Kilroy blogs if you can
tell it says Kilroy belongs it's really
creative I love alphabet photography the
moment we've all been waiting for the
number one dance minute artwork this
week goes to y'all y'all made this super
awesome
watercolor portrait I don't know what
face uh I don't know where you got that
face from but it's an awesome well done
watercolor portrait of me with the
gilroy on the side I think that looks
really really cool congratulations yog
you are the winner this week send me an
email with your address and I'll get you
taken care of and as always make sure
you guys submit your artwork to gilroy
blogs at gmail.com with the subject line
fan art Friday please keep them - JPEGs
or PM geez that's the best pop format
wanted to work with next week objective
is find some DVD and manipulate the
artwork to include me Veronica the boys
whoever and that will be the objective
for next week I think it would be really
fun so pick your favorite movie
incorporate me and the fam some way and
that's
it's really that easy all right guys
it's as always it's a ton of fun seeing
all your artwork you didn't make the top
ten don't get discouraged all your stuff
is great I just obviously can't do it
all
so keep sitting in that artwork keep a
smile on your face and we will see you
right back here next week
