all right let's do something with this
day I need to get it ready and get out
of here quick
and so I don't need to be messing around
with no shower nothing like that see if
I can just get change real quick like
that do a quick little spin like a
right that's a lot easier cleared Zeus
Oh juicy Oh Gigi you smell so clean Oh
Zeus just got back from the groomer yeah
yeah buddy
you're smelling fresh now oh yeah and
like this big around and keeping he's
probably still losing fur fur for summer
he's getting rid of his winter coat
still problem what do you think dude you
like that like that
he certainly smells better that's for
sure looking good brother I have got to
get out of here and get some stuff done
I got paid for my Jeep and I wanted to
go I wanted to go and stop and see my
buddy bill who's helping me with this
project hopefully he's home by the time
I get done with that you know what
really blows
Veronica's phone is broken her back
glass on her iPhone it's broken yes
still I'm really sorry about that
but I ordered I ordered a replacement
and I was like oh cool they send you
this really cool licinia free screen
protector and then I looked at the
actual back glass and I was quite
disappointed because well it it's broken
too so so I gotta get on Amazon I gotta
contact the seller I got a submit a
claim I gotta send this back in I gotta
wait for them to send us another one it
could take potentially I don't know
another five years or something so I'm
gonna send this back and
I don't know I gotta go take care of
some stuff so you guys are coming with
me I was looking at my bricks the other
day and I still haven't had a chance to
figure out what kind of pads and rotors
and everything that I need for this car
so I came here to Napa to get that all
figured out all right well they didn't
seem too awful friendly in there but I
still got some of the specs and numbers
that I need to figure out what parts I
need to fix the brakes on this car which
is good it's progress oh so now I think
I'm gonna head to Lowe's or officemax
one of the two actually I don't think we
have officemax in this town it's
probably gonna be staples and see if I
can't track down a whiteboard Lowe is
the place where I'm gonna try and find
this material that you can use for
whiteboard and would you look who I ran
into look who I found here my buddy said
look at this old geezer no this is the
old 1:10 someone says it's a little guy
scrapped it it's got a scratch on the
lens so I had to move back to this guy
I think we've found a solution here
marker it's even called marker board
look at the bro seriously marker board
all right this little guy is ten dollars
but the guy the guy who pointed us in
the direction he said that it might not
erase off of it but yeah what's $10 to
try it out we're getting it we're
getting that piece on the back of your
shower to are a lot of people put like
those mirrors right and they have those
little little Meralco clothes rocker
foot is out that is what it is let's do
this where do we find a more often we
got these mirror clips they just simply
butt up against the wall and kind of
like have a little flange to hold on to
the edge of this four of them on each
corner buck fifty ten dollars so for 12
bucks I got me a pretty awesome size
whiteboard now I just need dry erase
markers I'll tell you what this dude
looks really comfortable in his job just
clean them floors cleaning them floor
where to go well it was a pleasure
Oh having your help I would not have
found that market bored without you
nope no this is my good buddy Seth dude
I'll see you again soon yes sir yourself
have a great day
so I got the one I got the whiteboard
I'm dying to put it up I'm dying to put
it up but I can't put up this whiteboard
without a dry erase marker you know it's
right on so I gotta stop here at Staples
and see what it would has cost me for a
traditional whiteboard and get some dry
erase markers so let me check this off
so the same dry erase board the same
time I got 50 bucks 50 bucks for this
little frame here eraser with a little
caddy and stick to the wall
I'm good it's so good and while I'm in
town
Veronica really wants some Chipotle so
I'm gonna cruise on down at Chipotle and
pick up some food for the lovely lady
love cruising in the summertime windows
down beautiful evening
the radio up it's no sale
look what I brought you on me
hope you're welcome well dig in
I got to hurry up and eat bill called me
if you remember Wild Bill's shopping
wonders we're working on a project he's
made some headway so I'm gonna go over
there right after I eat and you know see
what the progress is did I call you good
awesome
that's why I love Veronica she's a yes
man woman yes woman for the most part I
was gonna say where's the boys I don't
even hear them at all I thought they
were asleep and they weren't making any
noises ah Cooper what are you doing
this is spider-man where's Colin there's
Batman where's Carson where's my kids
you're in the suit what you're in the
soup
there's Carson all right I gotta go I'm
gonna see Bill I'll be back in a while
love you so the last time I was here
bill must have sparked his interest on
opening up the project book on this hot
rod because now it's all torn apart ha
ha ha he was like man I can't bear this
I can't bear to look at this thing under
cover anymore I gotta I gotta get it
going so he started to look at I mean
look at the progress you got the whole a
fuselage off of it yeah
he's almost got it started the only
thing is what these carburetors what are
they strong bird Stromberg carburetors
if anyone knows anything about Stromberg
carburetors what do you have an issue
they're just not opening up you know
nothing about he wants this thing to run
so point me in the direction of some
information on Stromberg carburetors so
we can get this thing you know burnin
rubber for ol bill I mean I mean Wild
Bill
so my visit today with Wild Bill is
gonna be a short one it's a short one I
can't divulge all of the you know all of
the details about our secret little
project here quite yet but it's coming
along nicely I have to say and Bill has
worked diligently on helping to make
this thing a reality again I want you
guys give a very very big special thank
you to my good friend Wild Bill you know
he heard you it's time for me to go home
because Veronica and the boys missed me
and I want to make sure to get home to
give them hugs and kisses before bed you
know how that goes bill yes all all the
bills kids moved out they're all grown
and out yeah they're my age which is why
he gets to be in this wonderful man cave
that we call Wild Bill shop wonders it's
a beautiful place it really is say good
night bill good very good I love hanging
out with Bill man Bill's an awesome guy
and
this project that we're working on is
it's really cool it's a
it's something that I can offer to the
public
that's kind of like
I don't know I'm trying to create a
product I think it's a valuable product
that any any other videographer
filmmaker could appreciate I think it's
something that can be very very useful
and we were on the give you know if you
were conducting interviews
all right we gotta give Zeus's eyedrops
yeah everyone's concerned we got
actually film getting his eye drops in
okay okay a film for me Wow these are
just like toothbrushes and their bones
juice hey lay down lay down person um
these are just like toothbrushes except
their bones yeah and they're just like
whatever they're just milk bones yeah
and they creamy cheese yeah there's a
very cute dog on the box is it very
awesome okay there's one you missed it
roll over over this way
boy this one okay
I'll rub it in there for you oh there
you go buddy
yeah good boy juice good boy
doubt thanks for filming cars he's
breathing all heavy boy's got a laugh
out of him someday I will have to get
the boy as a dog because they really
have fun with Zeus as soon as we can buy
a house if we buy that house then we can
get a dog but we need to we need to not
rent then we can have a dog
you want a dog don't see you want a dog
too don't you
you want a kitty
this is Veronica's dedication it's it's
a little past midnight
and she's down here smashing out these
orders I guess this is what happens when
you live where you work you you wake up
make your cup of coffee or hot to your
hot cocoa and walk down the pace them in
and work you ready to do that for some
gladiator t-shirts yeah smile and be
happy
that's the after midnight smile by the
way four more labels and then I can
carry hair up to bed at I'm told someone
someone commented on today's video
something about chase never he'll never
reply reply to this comment so I was
like oh yeah I'll reply to every single
comment on this video
so you'll find yesterday's video I
responded to every single comment every
single one so there isn't a reply on the
comments because you commented after I
did a comments pretty alright guys
that's about it for today thanks for
coming with me to do you know random
stuff tomorrow we're going back to my
house to put up the whiteboard and we're
gonna draw something on it we're gonna
draw something I want to see that I want
to see if those dry erase markers
actually erase off of that sometimes you
have to get a spray cleaner like it'll
come off but I only kind of like risk
you to get some spray cleaner yeah what
if I put what if I put rain-x on yeah or
like some sort of repellent yeah I don't
know then that might make it spa I don't
I don't we'll play with it we'll figure
it out
and then if it works I don't know if I
put all the information like what I
bought and Lowe's what what it was I
think it's called marker board but if it
works I'll put together a little tip
video for you guys to make a cheap DIY
whiteboard that's right we're going to
out back to take Veronica out to dinner
because she deserves it she's awesome
alright guys that's all we got for you
today we will see you right back here
tomorrow
you
