what you got there Deb a little
strawberries oh yeah
roaming outside in his flowerbed he has
strawberries that the previous owner
that used to live here
they grew strawberries in there so
there's still strawberry pants plants
and there are some fresh strawberries
out there there was actually a lot of
eating strawberries too it's a really
nice warm super nice day outside and
well that one is dirty I woke up early
edited the vlog got it up
Veronica spent some time down the store
and before we waste the whole day away
um we want to go swimming because it's
nice out sure hmm Thanks so we're gonna
go Scott and Lindsay you know our
friends got Lindsay um her parents have
a pool and it's not too far from here so
we're gonna go to our house and get
swimming here and we're gonna go
swimming you can go swimming
yeah I can't I'll bring the GoPro okay
swim underwater with it yeah yeah I can
hold it underwater
ya know looks like it's pool time baby
we think though we think though I know
I'm with you you're gonna jump in all
right do it
yeah alright alright jump in :
do it cannonball how was enough
cannonball nice alright let's get wet
always a good time trying to get the
kids out of the pool here we got to go
they'll get out like this and then he's
like oh wait I want to jump in one more
time dad okay last time nope
all right let's go kids it was fun come
on no we gotta go Broncos got to get
back to work I do she took a long lunch
yes this is just a little break you know
break down the road for lunchtime feed
we got done with fun in the Sun at just
the right time because it's looking like
it's gonna rain
we're supposed to be I think it was last
night Illinois had some nasty weather so
now we're getting the tail out of that
stuff
it's hard kinda hope it rains a little
bit so I'll go order the garden this is
what's for dinner huh yeah frozen pizza
I forgot to pick up chicken so I know
she got me all accessories like him to
make this really awesome homemade like
chicken noodles with mashed potaters and
they are really good when she makes them
but she didn't have chicken and so now
we're stuck with a frozen pizza but
thank God it's DiGiorno it's DiGiorno
they had lots of fun at the pool the
pool is fun I really don't like going to
like water parks where there's a million
people there and you have to like watch
yourself very carefully you have to
watch your kids very carefully you like
it consider a crazy person would come
and just steal one of the kids take off
them it can't be fully relaxed while
you're at a water park with that many
people so it was nice to just go to a
pool that you know had four people mom
me near the kids Lindsay and her two
boys did you have fun yeah yeah right
after dinner Veronica's going back to
work which really sucks she's gonna
drive like an hour to get there and I'll
be here all by myself and I'm just
kidding she just walked right downstairs
some pizza wrap in its grass yeah
oh man what do you call that pizza roll
this is pizza buy the pizza roll you
know what it's not and that's delivery
cuz it's DiGiorno you wanna yeah yeah
little side of strawberries they're in
the garden and be real good yeah what
just happened tell everyone now a food
in your mouth
hmm what are my teeth is wish it is
it truly is loose this one right here
move your finger this one right here it
goes back and forth yeah that'll be
little Collins first ever loose tooth
congratulations buddy I'm proud of you
yeah it's getting ready to rain actually
storm really bad that's the weather
coming in right now that's ugly dude so
I'm gonna take the GoPro and set it up
on this little tripod and catch these
clouds coming in and see what kind of
cool time-lapse I can come up with you
do look if you can see the GoPro is
right up there between that tree and
those things are they're very windy
even here
what else are we supposed to do well
it's Stormin fansite do a handstand
let's see it go
where is that go oh you're crazy in your
face holes we sit down for a movie and
this is what happens we watch the Congo
have you ever seen Congo it's a really
cool movie about an expedition into the
jungle they find these primitive Apes
that go crazy to try and kill him and
everything it's wild
check out the Kong if you get a chance
move to carry these guys up to bed safe
and soon like the first day I got this
thing I strapped it to the Jeep and we
took it through a cornfield it had just
rained it was so muddy and I just kicked
this thing with mud and from that day I
knew that this camera was going to be
awesome and it's it's been a champion
ever since I got it if you have a chance
to get a GoPro to do they're incredible
cameras that concludes another day with
the Gilroy's it's fun right I hope you
had fun I hope you had a good time we
can't wait to see you guys right back
here tomorrow
