last night apparently while I was passed
out on the couch Zeus was outside to go
potty
and he got sprayed by a skunk it smells
really bad actually so before we can
take him to the groomer cuz they won't
take him as he smells this bad I have to
take him outside and try and clean him
off come on Zeus let's get you cleaned
up buddy this is gonna hurt you more
than it hurts me
you me in the garden hose okay you happy
everybody no skunk fights get soaked
clean technically but smell is still
there you can't get rid of that smell
what yeah yeah yeah you need some
heavy-duty heavy-duty stuff for that
situation
hmm you're good boys use just gotta see
outside for a little longer to dry off
I'm gonna be the first to admit yeah I'm
wearing the same clothes I was wearing
yesterday that's because we came back
here and I didn't bring any clothes to
change into
so I have to go back home to take shower
and wait for Time Warner the Time Warner
Cable guys coming honey
faster internet actually killed the
cable we're not gonna have cable anymore
I decided the cable is poison and we're
not gonna have it any longer
so cables going out and new faster
internet it's coming in how about that
yeah I think it's great I think it's
just great I mean we got Netflix and we
can rent movies and whatever joint
netflix is only eight dollars a month
only eight dollars a month on my way got
this one and another bucket of smile
more orders to drop off at the first
office which student progress these guys
gonna be here eating ice cream
sandwiches ice cream sandwich that's
mine
that one's mine yeah wait that one's
mine well I'll see you guys in a little
while okay Kenny
hmm that's good
it is a scorcher today what is the
temperature 89
oh wow
I'll take it though I love the heat I
love it when it's hot like this out I
can wear just shorts and a tank top
shirt and be perfectly happy when it's
summertime I try to not wear like shoes
at all I love wearing flip-flops
so if I can help it
you really will never see me with shoes
on my finger and some alright so I just
dropped all the stuff off at the post
office they got a ton of mail here to
take home look I got some really good
news for you guys
Gilroy now has a PA box so if you still
wanted to send me stuff I got the keys
right here
it's pure bucks 600 won and millions for
Ohio for 3 out for 6 now I'll put it in
the description so you guys I thought
tell you what she's more excited about
it than I am
cuz she's gonna have to handle all that
mail that comes through oh it's crazy
well I mean if you guys want to send me
stuff do if you don't don't
it'd be just honourable if you did
that's all I would like to mow the grass
it's too hot it's just too hot
maybe I'll do it later later later
tonight I'll be better all right guys
this is what I used to have right yes
this took I wouldn't think 15 megabytes
per second was my internet speed on this
guy and we're upgrading to double up 30
Meg's per second with the you beat I
mean that serious upload speed I should
be able to get my vlogs online in about
15 minutes max right when you say I'm
thinking that's pretty accurate
let's create this this comes from the
time where it was fresh I check it out
thirty three point five six megabytes
per second which is pretty dang good
five point six upload I like I gotta
tell you the quality on just standard
regular cable like I still kept forward
like the lower channels you know 4 6 10
the basic channels you can still get the
news and stuff the quality on on that is
awful awful I'm heading back over to
Roman and Britney's as you know we're
staying there while they're away on
vacation to take care of Zeus in the
house make sure nothing and the fish
tank goes crazy etc etc you know it's
what friends do for other friends
and you got work you're supposed to look
over the railing I mean Colin you never
were good with directions
you know actions are kind of scary oh
you choking the chicken whoa
Kannan
it wasn't me it wasn't me it was Carson
it was Carson you saw me did you get
that whole stack of orders done yeah
holy cow it was like three hundred and
seventy eight point five orders that's a
really lowers the right thing honey
that's exactly right
mommy choke the chicken don't disappoint
you've gotta choke the chicken it's
really simple actually just put your
hand around his neck and you're choking
that was a dramatic reenactment okay
dramatic I didn't realize that it fits
but was open and squeeze it yeah a
little yoke pops out that's freakin
hilarious oh my god really that's not
funny that's funny
like what rubber chicken do you know
that has the butt cut out and has a
yellow ball inside to to recreate egg
yolk that makes no sense
I mean logically makes no sense but who
was the guy who said you know what
regular rubber chicken it's just not
rubber chicken enough we need a cuddle
in the butt and we need to make it
squeeze out so that it looks like an egg
yolk what do you think Stan no cuz this
is the only one and it's here at Romans
house they only made one since I kind of
missed out since I kind of missed out on
the dinner train I have to do the
reheated lasagna the review doesn't hey
it is better the second time
yeah oh yeah Parmesan cheese oh yeah
good as new
- time for bed
he's like I'm gonna rip sleep just got
the kids to bed and it's it's that
magical time of night where it's just
her and me it's just the two of us
that's about everything that I can bring
for you guys today and we're gonna have
to see you right back here tomorrow it
didn't work one more time
