beautiful weather what do you expect
it's it's Monday here we are again good
day to you and thank you for joining me
on today's journey since I started
vlogging I haven't really figured I
haven't really figured out a rhythm like
a schedule for for my life and it's
different it's different not having to
go to work you know it like a
nine-to-five everyday you know your
schedule and you know when you're
supposed to be there you know when you
leave it's just different and I honestly
love it I love how different it is
because it makes you it means that you
have to be more disciplined you know so
if you want to go make money you gotta
get your ass up and go make money but
you're not limited so you have all the
opportunity in the world to get up and
go make money
so today and I think all subsequent
Monday's Monday's is a good day to catch
up on everything that I need to do
around my house and I'm gonna start
shooting this idea that I have for
another video series I think you guys
are gonna like it
I want a big whiteboard - hey
not my wall in the office so that I can
put down my ideas and be able to like
compile them visually so when I have an
idea
or a sequence you know that I want us to
not want to write down it's gonna be
good for me to have it all right there
on the wall so I can see it so I'm after
a whiteboard and I got to do quite a bit
of laundry dishes
Soniya track down some laundry soap dish
so you know the basic stuff disappointed
I need a big dry erase board a big one
for lots of ideas because that's what's
in my head and there's they only have
these small ones
I don't want small one like that I want
a big one and I don't think anywhere in
town is gonna have anything bigger so
what I'm gonna have to do is look on
Amazon Amazon's got the answer for
everything
my Veronica's getting ready for work so
I'm gonna do smile more orders and Amy
and the boys are I guess we're kind of
stuck inside today man whoa it was a big
lightning strike it's storming
we hear that thunder this little guy
we're gonna stay here and clean up we're
gonna clean up while it's torment and
then go over to mommy's work which is
Roman and Britney's son ano it's just
this is gonna be chill didn't relax
chilling out wreck relaxing Maximo cool
no shootin some b-ball outside of school
what a couple of guys they were up to no
good started making trouble in my
neighborhood I got one little fight and
my mom got scared she said you're movin
with your auntie and uncle in bel-air
you know Drive Safely caramel I love you
and make sure you have dinner etiquette
yeah oh I got so much energy today that
I you know sometimes I feel like
rearranging my space so today it's its
bedroom turn and I'm thinking I'm just
gonna do something like put the bed on
that wall instead of with that wall and
then move the TV over here yeah that's
gonna be it that's gonna be what I want
to do the only thing is I don't have
anyone to help me alright so looks a
little different I'm not sure if I like
it at all at all actually I think I'd
rather get rid of this bookcase into the
office take that guy put it there and
then take that dresser back over mmm
Veronica just called me she needs
hamburger for lasagna she's making for
dinner tonight so I gotta go bail her
out go to Kroger's take the boys get
some hamburger please it's not raining
no more that's good that's good
so how's this gone you have to stall out
for America oh he wants to play the kid
wants to play plays then you got a play
place so you want like Playstation maybe
after dinner okay keep them limited you
know I'm hungry I'll tell you what I'm
just so hungry how long is this gonna
take oh sorry sunburn okay tell you what
that's the prettiest fish thing here so
I have to say look this little starfish
this class needs clean the very told you
the best lasagna maker in the whole
entire world I do she is she does it's
good I can't wait I can't wait to Mau
down on that I guess in the meantime I I
passed by this in cab that had vo I
couldn't refuse to for for chips cheese
dip mm-hmm looks good
I can't wait to sink my teeth into that
hmm guess what what there is two frames
and three speeds and we have
invisibility really yeah I can't say I
know exactly what that means
yeah yeah I promised the boys that I was
gonna let them teach me some minecraft
so after dinner we'll do a little bit of
boo boo minecrafting is that what you
call it
Wow my crafting minecraft you can't mine
with pickaxes yeah you can try out some
new potions yep yeah they're really you
guess what we have the carrot on the
stick
Cara okay there's like one new item and
one new block item is that oh yeah cover
it X to jump extra jump okay X to jump
got it and O to drop things circle to
drop things okay
triangle - going into your inventory
okay maybe to go back B that's circle
and but your square is to going into
here all the blocks okay okay okay I
think I've got this
you got it all wrong
Collins a really good minecraft teacher
yeah I know how oh yeah what's melting
how do you smelt uh you get a furnace
all fairness you have blue blue swirly
things coming out of you
oh those are just bubbles the effects
what effect their night vision effect
you have night vision yeah maybe you
just likes I gotta get this up back dog
me drink some milk okay Oh
things funny everyone misses you online
do they miss you man there is block of
them road and one on little door and I'm
gonna smell these this 64 level doors
and 64 a block of them rooms what you're
gonna smelt it what is the smell you
smell stop a minute I got a no define
smelt okay fish migrate between salt and
fresh one
I don't think that's the right
definition all right the third
definition is extract metals by heating
so that is smelt come upstairs smile
more orders and chase is nice to sleep I
must've fallen asleep editing the kids
are in bed wake him up and go to bed so
we will see all of you guys right back
here tomorrow
