so my dad calls me this morning cuz hey
you think you want to come out today
yeah I do
so we're at holy crap Wow yes I'm out of
your doing windows with the fans today
so we do our family bonding we we're
gonna work wash the window
this guy's so nice yeah - lunch that's
awesome
he's a good guy
I'm gonna be big that's what you get
when you're beautiful man dude they call
that a laptop wack had all these plans
need all this stuff done dad was like
yeah I'm gonna go make money I missed
out on the internet guy I upgraded my
internet service
I started get the vlogs up faster and he
called me he called me at like 3 o'clock
hey this is Time Warner Cable we can't
really find your house so if you could
reschedule
ok cool about an hour maybe two I'm
gonna make some feeling like I'm gonna
have to take the boys out for ice cream
or something you know is that what you
would do take him out for ice cream well
it's really good time for me and my dad
to bond right
and Amanda you're not I don't discredit
you you're here I gotta get back to work
you guys we weren't supposed to
powerwash when we got here and if you
look like I took I took control the
power washing because I've done it look
at the difference here look at that
brick as opposed to that brick that's
after Gil before Gil looks pretty dang
good right well still got all that brick
left oh yeah hey you did good kid
we all did good at least at the end of
the day we have this view of the lake to
check out that's pretty cool call me I
wish I was out on that boat man I know
what you're thinking Gil the sun's
almost set is that all you're gonna do
today is work the answer is no the
answer is no my good friends cross
solder are playing a show tonight we're
gonna go rock out how about that how
about that I'm gonna tell you something
else this is the first time I've ever
left a job my shoes on my shoes are
destroyed
look at that vans man throw them in the
trash there's
there's my lovely family I know I'm so
dirty as power-washing fool I got all
kinds of crap in my hair on my face
probably my butt crack
you ready Carson are you ready mommy I
feel kind of awkward going to see
crossed-out her without Veronica but
daddy I got my Kindle too has never been
to a cross water show in the first place
little bit you're wondering why the next
clip on this camera is me in the morning
well I don't know how I don't know why
but I seem to have lost I lost my baby
last night I lost you guys in my car's
underneath my seat and I could have
swore I looked there not a lot happened
last night I decided against going to
Columbus it was late I was gonna go see
cross solder but instead I just wanted
to hang out with Veronica and the boys
so we just hung out and we had to stay
at Romans house because well their way
and someone needs to watch the news to
make sure he doesn't eat everything or
pee and poop all over the carpet so
thankfully I found the camera and I'm
gonna go ahead and close out this vlog
and start another one and get this
edited and just roll along with today by
the time you see this you should also be
able to see fan art Friday that'll be up
as well and yeah so let's do it let's do
today thanks guys so much we'll see you
right back here today
