oh hey hey guys what's up I guess since
we're all together it's time again for
another edition a fan art oh my I hope
you're excited cuz we got a lot of funny
stuff to go over today so let's get
right to it this week I wanted you guys
to do like photo montages put my face on
something anything an animal another
person and you guys came up with a lot
of funny stuff I gotta say let's start
with Eugene normally I don't condone
this type of behavior but this picture
right here is especially for all them
haters out there haters get your fix
this one is just for you all right let's
move on I thought this one was super
super cool this one looks the most legit
of all of the photos so back in the day
maxell came out with cassette tapes that
they had the most clearest sound and
this image is basically the ad that they
come up with to sell their high fidelity
audio tapes and Evan came up with this
idea and put my head in there which it
looks like i'm supposed to be there
looks me after 100 blogs our high
fidelity tapes still delivers high
fidelity like Bob's all right I'm for
real if you're about to go into battle
you need to have this smile on your face
seriously like if I was about to cut
someone's throat viciously I would want
to have the smile on my face is that
wrong uh-huh I mean I'm just like so
happily ready to cut someone's head off
it looks great experiments era you did a
good job buddy I was really hope I've
been dying for someone to come up with a
Jim Carrey reference for me because
throughout my life a lot of people have
said yo Gil you look just like Jim
Carrey you act like Jim Carrey and to
extent I I agree with that and I wish
this picture was a little bigger but
Gareth and this is one of my favorite
scenes in ace ventura when he's inside
the Rhino spine and he starts getting so
hot and he takes off all his clothes and
eventually he has to get out he climbs
out the Rhinos ass and basically gives
birth right there in front of another
another family it is so hilarious yeah I
wish I had muscles like that seriously
look at this dude no I don't wish I had
muscles like this dude that is an insane
pectoral seriously bicep tricep necklace
is this do do women have a neck I bet
but my good friend good ear but put the
Oreo cream gilroy smooth white skin on
this big tan body black man i don't i
don't really like me with muscles i can
tell now that i'd rather be skinny Oh
Jeff Jeff sent us a my newest Instagram
update and if you can tell you know I've
been trying to work out the glutes you
know the but Montes yeah i was i was on
the boat recently if you look down
towards the bottom even my good friend
romanatwood have decided to comment that
ass though clever I've been waiting for
someone to refer to me as as forest gump
and the times finally comes so now my
face is here on Old Forest Gump sitting
on the bed life is like a box of
chocolates you never know what you're
gonna get I'm not going to death that's
good though it looks pretty real oh
sweet this seriously this movie is
probably one of my favorite movies of
all time avatar even though it's the
longest movie I probably ever SAT
through the graphics on Avatar are out
of this world and the way they shot
everything about the movie is
incredible if I were a member of the
Navi this is exactly what I would look
like look I'm blue I'm blue da ba dee da
ba da that's pretty cool photo good work
on that George you know when I go out
hunting space aliens with Will Smith I
usually carry this look on my face Will
Smith he looks like he's like what da
hell is going on here and I'm just like
mmhmm yeah I know Oliver vlogs man oh
shit I cool star wars reference I like
that i'm about to just totally wreck
darth maul with his double edge
lightsaber i frickin rule you dark he
should be saying oh sit domain haha
alright so that wraps up our top 10 this
week you guys did awesome and everyone
who didn't make the top ten don't be
discouraged you guys always do
incredible stuff I just like to pick the
best of the best the top 10 what should
be and as always I have to pick a number
one and I'm going to choose this week
the one that that had the most authentic
fit and that one goes to Evan Turner
with the high fidelity picture it's just
awesome congratulations Evan make sure
you send me an email to gilroy blogs at
gmail com with your address and we'll
get you taken care of as always send
your submissions to gilroy blogs at
gmail com please keep it to a JPEG or
PNG file format and make sure you put
fanart Friday in the subject line so I
know what it is okay so i'm good now for
next week next week what do we do how
about this next week you guys do
whatever you want how about that you can
cartoon me you can draw something you do
photos you can whatever you want it's up
to you alright so as always have fun
with it make sure you send your
submissions by noon on Thursday of next
week and that's about it that's all I
got for you alright guys it's a pleasure
hanging out with yet as always we'll see
you right back here next week
