I'll bet you guys didn't know I had to
wear glasses did you cuz I don't I just
found these lying around and I thought
I'd put them on
I actually would look I think I look
pretty cool in glasses no too big too
big for me anyway
we'll just we'll go without the bus for
now but uh I got to leave I'm going to
take care of some errands you guys you
guys should probably come with me as if
you had a choice I hate this place most
of all this is the bank the bank ride
deposit rent rent being the number one
biggest check that I have to write every
month I can't wait till I
I hate renting it's like throwing away
money and I would so much rather be
buying my own house instead of renting
whereas it paper towel you know how hard
it is to poop when you don't have
anything to wipe with by your bare hand
you know disgusting that is I'm gonna
need some of that all the errands I
needed to to today was hey red
I got some laundry soap because let's
face it my brother needs to do laundry
Veronica's working so I thought why
don't I be a decent dude and wash some
clothes for her so she doesn't have to
do I mean that's what it's all about
marriage while I'm at it I need to
double check the brakes brakes on this
car aren't doing very good so we need to
see what's going on hey
so it's lunchtime and I'm hungry
and I have this chicken and I have some
salad so I'm gonna make like a grilled
chicken salad and that looks good right
there I'm pretty good a little bit ranch
a little bit of ranch and we got
ourselves a salad Colin thank you let's
play a little bit of Xbox only 30
minutes Colin you got it 30 minutes yes
I know huh I heard you the first time
good just so we're clear
come on you can be going
oh my god are you okay should we change
your underwear oh my god I think I just
literally scared the crap out of you
haha
enjoy that oatmeal cream pie you earned
it you can get the best scare reactions
when you're playing hide and seek damnit
yeah for real
hi guys seriously stood up in that
bathroom for a good ten minutes they
kept walking right by the door I come
downstairs and you guys took the first
opportunity to sneak you a snack and I
scared the poop out of you you did it
well hi your turn I know it's all of our
turns to finish getting this laundry
into the water oh okay come on oh we got
to get all this laundry wash before
mommy gets home little beast basically
what's wrong what's happening with this
car is like if I'm stopped and I let off
the brakes just a little bit there's an
unevenness in the amount of pressure
that each of these brakes are getting so
I'm checking to see if either the
calipers bad or or maybe there's air in
the brake lines so I have to bleed the
brake lines
but I need to wait till franca gets home
so I can do that because I can't do it
by myself so let's pop this tire off and
see what we got under here so there
seems to be quite a bit of brake pad
left and there's even wear on the
routers on both sides but I think that I
don't know this kind of looks like the
rotors should be replaced they just look
old
this cars of 2002 so it's probably I
don't think they've ever been changed
it's probably time for new rotors
anyways the only thing I'm worried about
is look back there along this this brake
line right here there's there's like a
dried liquid back there a buildup you
see that I'm going to guess I'm going to
guess that there's a leak in the brake
line or the caliper maybe the calipers
leaking out brake fluid it's getting
dirty with brake dust and building up on
that line I hope it's not that oh it's
not that you don't look right that's for
sure I got all that junk cleaned off of
it now we'll have Veronica Veronica
press the brakes and see if we see
anything
pushing hold
I'll see nothing bigger valve was nice
and tight so see if it still does it
tomorrow if I still see that that's
happening I'll bleed the lines and see
if that'll fix it
but it's getting late it's time to go
Kirsten wanted a snack he chose a krabby
patty tell me what is the krabby patty
made out of bun pickle patties yes yep
yes yeah krabby patty favorite yeah you
ate it man you're like a giant you're a
giant krabby patty eater
this little scene right here reminds me
of the the Croods
you know the Croods right they'll sleep
on the same pile we sat down for like
ten minutes these two down here sleepin
mean Carson Worstell oh we're supporting
movie goes to bed see your beans please
visit today I just carried both the kids
to bed ronk is out there fast asleep so
thanks to her I'm paroled dad had a
little midnight popsicle snack and then
I'll turn in myself wish I could have
done more today but it just wasn't that
much so we'll see you right back here
tomorrow
