you know what I hate the most
I hate my coffee goes cold get too busy
I get busy working doing stuff and then
I go back for a sip of my coffee and
it's cold
that sucks it's the worst I'm starting
my day my vlog day actually at about
noon time to get some lunch we're
getting some pizza cottage my favorite
and it's not not the best of days out
there it's rainy the piece of cottage if
you guys remember quite a few vlogs back
I've said it a couple times nouns of it
this this building right here this exact
building is where I met Branca all those
years ago just past one of those this is
an interesting business model the side
of the truck and you know it you know
what truck it is when you see it because
it's the same it's like a bright yellow
and green and the business is called
well the number on the side of the truck
is one eight hundred doll coupe right
what an interesting business model this
is a company that will come to your
house it's a paid service you pay them
to come and scoop up your dog poop
right
I mean seriously who thought of that
like I'm gonna make a business where I
go to people's houses and pick up dog
poop and I'm gonna make a fortune
because everyone's got pets and no one
likes to pick up their dog poo
I think it's genius because I remember
what my parents always made me go on the
backyard picking up the dog poop and I
hated it so if you could pay someone not
so expensive feed I think I've dog poo
why wouldn't you times that by hundred
thousand customers and you're a
millionaire looking I think of that
oh good that's a good meal right yeah
love me pizza cottage
I'm gonna take my plate with me okay I
gotta go to Columbus to get some smile
more stickers and some smile more shirts
to smile more product roundup today I'll
see you in a while
love you love you love you and before I
can go anywhere
yeah I usually just throw the camera
like that that's normal uh-huh yeah I
gotta take these big-ass boxes to the
post office smile more progress right
there a while ago my buddy goes hey did
you ever see the arrow on the FedEx logo
check out the FedEx logo have you seen
the arrow on sometimes some people don't
ever see it but it's right there do you
see
never ever ever noticed that before I
never noticed it until it was pointed
out to me now every time I look at FedEx
I only look at the arrow ah we've made
it AG I want some answers right here
with the matrix I don't know if I should
take the red or the blue pill oh ma no
more stickers out the wazoo I mean
that's that's a buttload of stickers
burrito I'm headed back to the east side
of Columbus to get the shirts smile more
shirts why can't we just why can't we
just do this all in one place
suddenly I feel surrounded by boxes what
do I always find my way up here during
rush hour it's so hard I get home to
drop off the products the store think
wrong who's gonna be down there like
slaving away slaving away but no Bronk
is up here getting her hair did did I
only say that because that's what she
said I would never say hair did but you
said that's funny
well so what are we doing here Ciara
what's what's the plan with the master
plan okay so now it's like a nice rich
brown it's rich there's one you're gonna
put this whole YouTube thing is grow
rich off forever
that's great it's beautiful oh well it's
a straightener there's not much it could
do you can straighten my hair no you
can't mess with this you can't mess with
this this is important up here well you
guys have fun I'll uh I'll check back in
on you guys around God's kind of your
mind
yeah it's weird I go from the city to
the extreme country my buddy bill this
way out here and he's really good with
metal hopefully he's got some stuff that
I can show you guys it's gonna just blow
your mind but the last time I was here
he had some awesome awesome sculptures
done I promise we'll see something
that's cool out here here we are
this is Wild Bill's this dragon up here
even his chimney is creative all right
so I just got to build shop and he
showed me some stuff and I got to tell
you guys I've never seen anything like
this before he built up a power hammer
yes 50 pound power hammer fully
functional made from scratch look I mean
all right explain how this works explain
how this works okay basically you just
hit the floor lever here and it engages
this electric motor which will push the
pulley into the tire okay rotate the
tire and it's just in the Sun after that
it's just a cam that's all it is just a
camp right round and round pushes the
piston up and down so you engage the
hammer lever down here
Wow ladies and gentlemen do not ever put
your fingers in between this area like I
just did I'll never do that
another amazement and Wild Bill's shop
of wonders this is uh this is it will
explain to this okay this is a
crazy-looking car I took it on trade
right and it's about a 25 year old rat
rod project 49 Fiat - Kalavati it's got
a 4.6 liter Jaguar engine dual front
rack and pinion steering all this is
supposed to be designed after like an
Indy car mm-hmm
Mickey Thompson and 50s on the back
forwards with 9-inch rear and I was just
so impressed with made for racing its he
designed it to be able to chew the back
tires off of it I'll tell you and have
something nobody else had and I think he
got to see that completed would be a
beautiful beautiful thing I want to hear
does it does it run yeah yeah I want to
hear the exhaust on that I'm sure it's
probably someone there's no exhaust on
it yeah yeah
does anyone know what this is this you
saved it from the garbage heap yeah
bill has got some of the most incredible
things over here this is an old old old
washing machine I'm sure you've seen it
in movies
there's the agitator and the rollers
it'd be whose am be sure she did oh yeah
with the big teddy blonde there so Irish
and Dragons all right for you like
dragons
and we got hillbilly stained glass here
I mean this guy's creative you you need
metal work done you let me know and
we'll get you in touch with Bill because
he makes some cool cool
I mean who makes stained glass out of
old old glass bottles build us I guess
he does oh it's right there okay right
there alright it's time for me to go
bill it was a pleasure hanging out with
you and and looking around the shop but
there's so many different wondrous
things here it just makes my head spin
it's about your rusty but we're
gonna do a lot of stuff with bill bills
bills gonna create some cool stuff cool
stuff I have an idea for a gladiator
helmet right a gladiator helmet that you
guys could possibly buy and put it on
your shelf or right beside your computer
screen so that when you watch me you can
say I bought that gladiator helmet
from bill because it's awesome bill my
good friend adios high-fives we do
high-fives in my house papa now
he said he's actually helping me with
the project
hopefully we can come up with something
and I'll show you guys that further the
further along it comes I'll show you
what I'm working on but you know how
people can be with stealing ideas so I
want to make sure that we get far enough
along in our project where we don't have
to worry about people stealing Indian
stuff now that I've killed enough time
hanging out with Bill it's time to go
home see Veronica and boys maybe get a
little something to eat
because I haven't eaten dinner yet start
look who I found Colin look at your hair
dude you got a haircut oh of course he
does look at you dude hmm look at your
hair that's awesome yeah you like your
new haircut
oh yeah I didn't know you could cut hair
too yep hmm
so what do you have to say for yourself
today that's the same look everyone
gives when you show a camera in their
face it's so funny dude
did you make progress on the smile more
star yes I did everyone wants to know is
my order coming up yes
you took how many totes today three
three huge totes to the post office yep
made more progress yeah got my hair done
mm-hm it looks nice by the way yeah I
mean new trim bad feels better yeah yeah
and I give the boys haircuts they look
hundred times bad no they don't look
like my kids huh I hate it when I cut it
they hate it yeah but I'm not gonna pay
to go get it cut by someone else what I
can get oh yeah yeah that's a good way
of seeing it you know the way I see it
all right so that's gonna be about it
for today guys we cannot wait to see you
tomorrow
because we really appreciate having you
around you guys are like you know family
yeah mm-hmm well the ones that posts
positive comments so negative haters can
just get GTFO I don't I'm for real
yeah no haters gonna bite everyone we
love you and we'll see you right back
here tomorrow
