got a little serial monster lucky charms
Carson on the apples I figure it's not
too hot outside today and I need to mow
the grass and I haven't done a really
cool time-lapse for a while so I thought
would get a little uh one mo time lapse
we're about doomed some other grass guys
my eye our gas cans over at Remington
Britney's and I didn't want to waste a
couple hours of my time to go get it so
my neighbor my lovely neighbor let me
borrow their gas can wasn't that nice of
them it's nice to have good neighbors
you know what I mean so I always walk
the yard before I start mowing because
when you got kids they leave toys
everywhere and I don't want to hit him
with the mower and I'm really worried
about this spot guys I don't know if
this is poison ivy or not this down here
that I know is poison ivy that looks a
lot like it it's a lot bigger though and
this is all the same thing this is the
same it looks like the same thing it's
shiny I don't know I get poison ivy
really easy if I touch that or a fork in
me I'm done so can anyone tell me if
that is impact poison ivy
I just I've never seen it that big
before and i google-searched to poison
ivy picture and it shows you see those
little berries right there I'm gonna get
close those little berries right there
is in the picture of poison ivy poison
sumac and poison oak so this whole area
stay away from the stay away from that
area Laura's got gas got my headphones
get it done
who else - well not tougher tyree she
looks good man beautiful grass beautiful
grass
nothing it's about time for an ice cold
beverage I wish I had some Jack Daniels
that go really nice right now but let's
keep it fresh now that got some work
done I'm gonna give the boys some
attention the boys are hungry for
daddy's attention right yeah so I
thought maybe we try out this thing that
you guys got for Christmas it's a green
rocket looks like all we need yet
science all we need is a 2-liter bottle
you guys want to do it yeah all right
let's give it a shot comes with the pipe
and try it okay what's this what is this
see listen Oh mmm
yeah that's cool we got a highly
complicated set of instructions here yep
it's rocket
so definitely what we're going to need
to do is find a 20 ounce bottle and a
2-liter bottle okay can you go find one
now I enjoy using you don't even know
what you're doing you're weird
alright I'll go find the 2-liter bottle
got the 2-liter got a smaller bottle and
pour myself actual our drink to get a
2-liter ha and you my friend you have a
dirty mouth you dirty mouth fudge
popsicle boy basically what we got to do
is we got to assemble all these pieces
and we're gonna make its supposed to be
a recycled paper bottle rocket but they
give you these these one pieces of paper
to start off with they say ideally you
should use newspaper and be a very cycle
of all but they give you starter papers
okay
so we're gonna get this all set up okay
my dad is setting up our green rocket
look at that there's our rocket it's all
paper except for a foam tip and as
always with the power of editing it
allows me to skip forward through time
where we have already completed our
launching device we just Google it on
here by the home on Amin that holds our
two rocket launcher
hey Bob Bob here we're gonna slide the
rocket right onto
rocket launcher and I think we're set to
go now all you gotta do
Carson what you want to do the owners
yeah all you have to do is stomp on that
bottle as hard as you can
wait we have to do a countdown we'll
have it go straight up okay okay get
ready dear count down from 10 Colin 8 7
6 5 4 3 2 yeah whoa holy moly that was
super high dude thanks dad I wouldn't do
it now call yeah
all right you do the countdown this time
ready all right Colin 5 4 3 2 1 wow that
thing flies man
what do you think you like that yeah
yeah Harry trees nothing yeah go get the
rocket me yeah I get the ball out but
that's pretty good three two one oh good
job dad all the way over there whoo hmm
saved you go get the rocket calling
Carson go get the rocket I can't run
that floor you just witnessed the
downhill roll of superiority
I said : go get the rocket calling since
Carson go get the rocket we had another
child that was younger than Carson would
have been like blankety-blank go get the
rocket that's how it works I can't help
I can't help but think to myself
wouldn't that be awesome to get mommy
with when she came home like set it up
across the kitchen and soon as she walks
through the garage door launch it at her
but I couldn't launch it out or without
first trying it on myself and seeing if
it would actually hurt now try and hit
me in the chest I'll stand right there
by the trampoline okay yeah right here
right here that's not that's pointing at
my face
okay that thing went right by my
okay that's not awful but it's not that
bad
it'll hit my arm buck
well rocket building was fun that was
successful right Colin pretty good
they're sucking down that orange soda
ancient it looks like it's about to rain
so we should probably find something to
do inside it's true Gilroy passion right
here we're late her birthday party yeah
they had to go in my defense I did not
know about the right night party until
about 45 seconds ago
so we Naboo is we're getting a car to a
birthday party
it's Emma my uh my niece's birthday
party
hey there's our bartenders all as I'm
calling I just saw the back but I saw
wait on when you get REME up all the
water off the UM here are you guys a
bottle of water for the porch is he
audience what it was longer than I have
to add one
let's cake and ice cream time well
actually here at Anna's birthday party
cake is the ice cream look at that
happy birthday is your favorite cake
uh-huh yeah whoa don't touch it boy all
right let's do happy birthday happy
birthday and many more
so I got a little loud I don't know what
you all know about ice cream cake but my
favorite part of the ice cream cake is
those little crunchies in there this
little crunch yeah I'm with you the
crunchies put the crunchies mix with the
caramel well that's why these girls are
talking about I don't really know what's
going on but I think it's about time for
us to go guys we gotta go Emma happy
birthday
high five good to see you
Horace we're saying bye oh you want you
wanna vlog the horsie Oh cute horsie
nice and cute horsie all right boys come
on it's always hard to get to get to get
the kids away from all the other kids
it's really hard
come on guys come on I had to cure the
kids to bed I hate when they fall asleep
in the car they're getting too big to
carry
yeah not that I can but they're just too
big and look who I found at home
was Veronica hey
she's been hard at work all day smile
more orders out the yin-yang oh sure
meat now would you put in what like
eight hours nine ten eleven hours twelve
thirteen fourteen hour
I don't know I lost count
lost count did how'd the house the yard
look um I mowed the crap out of the
earth was dark I came home really didn't
notice that you love yeah I'm movin it
looks fantastic
drama I mean the boys made that bottle
that the rocket the bottle rocket things
around he has all science rocket thing
yeah the green rocket awesome it's
awesome rocket wait T see it for it's
fantastic I needed to share I was about
to get in the shower before I left for
the birthday party but someone didn't
tell me about the birthday party no no I
didn't get the text so I was late I was
getting ready to get into the shower and
I had most of my clothes off I was ready
to get in the shower and my mom text me
was like where are you at
you're supposed to be here at this
birthday party I was like what are you
talking about so I had to get dressed
and go to the birthday party and you
know we were there but I'm gonna go
ahead and get a shower
like at the shower I'm gone ten minutes
you fall asleep already it's bedtime
oh holy Oh for me just strike a valid
point it's 11 o'clock I really don't
have much I don't have much else I don't
have much else to give all right guys
that's all I got for you today I will
see you right back here come on
