time to get dressed boss yeah so we had
we had waffles for breakfast Veronica
made some really good waffles super good
I couldn't vlog it because I'm a big fat
idiot who didn't charge my battery last
night so my battery died for breakfast
but we're all charged up and we are
getting ready to go see ninja you guys
remember ninja you wear boots you know
what's funny what's awkward well it's
kind of unique about me and Veronica's
relationship is she grew up in like
Farmville rice like country she loves
horses you were at Boots right she's
she's a country girl okay I grew up like
in like rock bands skateboarding and
just place it boy
I'm city boy for real so it's weird that
we got country farm girl and I'm like
city boy it's just weird that that and
then it's true what they say opposites
attract I guess but I just love this guy
I wouldn't I couldn't imagine my life
without her excited to go see ninja yeah
but there was a butt in the car you I
know it was a big mosquito but I
remember how how sad you were when you
left
ninja last time
I just want to make sure that you're
really excited to go see them again
you're gonna ride him really yeah I am
too
and there's our secret love but listen I
wouldn't tell you guys the story of
ninja okay
brawn to get the stuff out later on when
you're back that's fine
Veronica's had a ninja ever since 12
ever since she was 12 years old and
she's to show him well one day Veronica
took ninja to
farik I was on parade it was a parade
what you tell sorry it was a parade at
the end of the show we like we go stay
at the fair all week long and show all
week long and then there's a parade in
front of the grandstands for everyone
who is showing that week right and our
4-h group was getting ready to go and
that's the last I remember
apparently he rared up and lost his
footing on his back feet and fell
backwards over on top of me on top of
her right on top of little Veronica Mac
then Bruns was little so I then was
life-flighted from the Hartford
fairground
to Nationwide Children's Hospital in
Columbus
whether the most impressive part of that
story was the horn like this is called
saddle horn horn saddle horn went where
right just inside my hip bone they
thought that I had
head trauma which I did have a severe
concussion and but they thought I had
multiple broken bones and my pelvis bone
oh my hip they thought that was just
shattered he because of for the impact
was and luckily it was on a dirt track
of fairgrounds
it's a dirty trick it was a dirt track
sign for track yes
because my head was the back my head was
the first thing that hit the ground and
there was like a foot deep indent that
my head left in the ground
wait
telling me
I don't think I've heard this part
you're telling me a foot into the ground
yeah your head was
I've never ever ridden this horse
today I'm gonna get on his back really
yeah no we've been together eight years
you've never written in - no that's
because every time I see that horse I
think at him I'm traveling himself
toppling himself over on you
he's a killer so you put the boys on
this horse - yes calm left and don't you
yeah I do oh my gosh
all right well we're gonna ride ninja
today hopefully I don't have a heart
attack
you cannot be scared of the worst -
you're scared the horse sense is that
you're scared does not know what to do
with you except
i'ma tell you one thing Ramallah I'm not
for it
anything
so we don't have to worry about that
it's a raining frickin raining run
everybody run
hey Casey hey doggie I really don't like
that it's raining he's got a rain on our
parade every single day yeah
hey you're doing charlie dan Suzie rocks
head and oh here we've got it's Joe
hello Joe
today Joe Oh Kellan oh my mistake
no idea that guy's laying down cuz it's
raining huh you know horses actually
only laid down to sleep three hours out
of the day really sleep the rest of on
you standing up I don't know that you're
so smart
yeah you're eating rocks look at this
this ground is really strong yeah dirt
this is smart I don't get it
there he is hey ninja goodness that's a
fun he's a meat right there oh I mean
animal hey ninja what's up dude
are you happy Carson yeah there's a
ninja
yeah let's get him out look at you
I'll tell you there's something about
washing Branca handle this mammoth
animal it's just it's hot it's hot
actually you've been working out buddy
yeah I wish I brought we didn't bring
him an apple oh oh don't eat my hand
meet me meet me oh my gosh oh my gosh
you're trying to climb it yeah it's
pretty big
bear get down I'll get to the top of
that thing
yeah let's see 1 2 3 again 1 2 3 go
good job dead it's a monster Fox all up
in my socks my life is just like that -
yeah inside this bag is the saddle right
yep you're gonna really ride him yep
really ride him Oh
let's go maybe this guy is it's pretty
heavy just this that I'll get the pad
underneath
Oh God
as a strap you can put over your
shoulder yeah it's part of being at a
barn gets dirty biggest dirty as hell
you can't get out of here Jase doesn't
like to get dirty
well when you want to come ride a horse
oh you're gonna get dirty it's a baby
blue feed hey mama
haha my this one's for you baby she's
like no you're not staying in my baby
what's that bridle oh my gosh ladies and
gentlemen look at Veronica's extremely
extremely buff arms Oh watch it watch it
is this ninja would you look at that
dude you're getting rid today rode
ridden how'd he say it yeah you're ready
to write each buddy ha ha ha oh so how's
this work Elvis what's this thing work
you put the saddle on well you have to
put a pad on underneath what underneath
so it doesn't hurt him hmm
all right that makes sense here
there goes underneath then you always
want and right behind their front legs
house come this saddle this saddle
reminds me like a John Wayne Western
move here zone Western pleasure
this is the horn yep this is the one
when you were 12
oh my god
that's hard oh sorry ninja sorry buddy
oh boy
give it tight Oh get it Oh home and
usually it's well tighter you gotta put
that on there you usually have to walk
them around cuz it'll loosen up cuz
sometimes they like hold their breath
push out no yeah
here goes none ja hmm you gonna watch
that part right here hey
what's mommy doing all right Donna is
gonna do the unthinkable she's gonna
ride this horse without running him
around her she's gonna hop right in the
saddle
good luck I love you I love you oh my
Oh ninja this good boy ninja
goodness son Branca start selling wool I
get a little nervous he looks he looks
like he's rambunctious wasn't gonna ride
this guy I have to know dude but also he
can't pull his head up too far you can
reroute this when you can get his head
back he comes up Oh Colin don't move
nigga boy I think what needs to happen
is ninja needs to run around and get rid
of some of his energy before any of us
get on that thing
Veronica just show me some whips hey you
think we can take one of these home
maybe a little little whip hmm
no fill me whipping this dude I got a
whip I'm gonna whip it I'm gonna whip it
good
how was rip ow
awesome thanks dude
Oh
Carthon look at you like this
no I hear that way she's gonna let him
take the reins and like go go oh oh no
no ninja you hurt my boy I'll be forced
to kill you okay yeah that's wicked
awesome buddy
see how ninjas all shiny he's all shiny
cuz he's sweating scenario that's what I
got ya right on dude good job high five
boom ah we got a truck going
good boy
ninja colin is actually riding him
without Veronica holding on to the rain
she's walking right beside him but Colin
knows the directions to give him to turn
left or right or stop he's doing great
I cannot believe don't abuse your
directions like don't stop him too much
don't kick him too much the boy ninja
good boy good boy ninja you want me to
ride him I mean I could ride it get on
hmm wait sentence before oh good boy
named easy easy seven on you before
bonds come on save me no fat then don't
get out things subscribe
our battery is dying but here is chase
riding the horse really doing it you
know it sucks about these cameras is the
the battery packs they die pretty quick
if you record too much and you probably
won't see all the clips that I recorded
at the horse barn because I was just I
wanted to make sure that if the horse
did something crazy the cameras rolling
I wanted it I I'm glad that the horse
didn't react bad to you know I'm saying
like he was getting real rowdy in the
beginning right you're like whoa I was
nervous so I'm like I'm gonna get this
on film if he does anything crazy uh
yeah we're filthy we all need to take
showers I smell like I I'm not gonna say
what I smell like but it's bad this is
not like a horse it's bad I stink
I get done out the shower and come
downstairs for the smell this beautiful
smell and look home Veronica's maid
mm-hmm it's back at day why'd you put
real cheese on the garlic red we think
boys yummy yummy in your tummy you guys
with your nan sauce eating habits no
they hate the red sauce they only like
the noodles with butter and Parmesan I
make many red sauce sometimes sometimes
but not all know I'm right eat let's eat
oh that was good
you make a mean spaghetti that's for
sure it's pretty easy yeah that's easy
so boys let me ask you how did you how
did you enjoy the barn today you did a
really good ride ninja dude both of you
I actually promised some Twitter
followers that we play some battlefield
later yeah not you
you'll be fast asleep in bed oh that
face of disappointment same swing they
are sitting at table I mean it could be
anywhere but just so happens all right
single oh it happens everywhere where
you can try to resist why we're at the
dinner table all right I'm sorry all
right guys listen inspiration seriously
just hit me for for what I think could
be the logo design for Gilmore halls and
whenever I get hit like this with with
inspiration I have to draw it out so let
me draw let me draw it out real quick so
it's just a rough sketch rough sketch
this is basically my idea if I can show
quick sketch representation and what I
was just thinking about it would be a
camera lens right the same one that you
see in the Gilroy blogs intro so camera
lens that has the Gil hawk right and
then gilroys vlogs lies inside of it
maybe maybe take this little circle up
in there we can tell it's a camera lens
what do you think the camera lens with
Gil Gil Hawk two very integral parts of
your applause I need to know what do you
think if someone wants to sketch it out
before I'm going to start working on
this and make it a real thing
and see what it can look like
but I think that's cool what do you
think Bart guys we're going to have this
little midnight snack in that car go to
bed I'm going to start editing my vlogs
at night so that they can be up earlier
in the day I need to get into that
routine because it'll be important come
a couple about a month from now so I
really wish you guys could have saw me
ride the horse more today before the
battery died cuz it was fun alright guys
that's about all we got for today
thanks so much for hanging out we love
you Veronica loves you we will see you
right back here tomorrow
you
you
