Mary guys the past 24 hours I have been
literally stuck inside my laptop and
today actually right now I'm leaving to
take the wedding photos to Bob and
amanda and i can't wait for the scene
because they look awesome halfway there
realize that i haven't eaten anything
today and I'm hungry so I stopped at
this gas station and get some pizza you
know I like about this kind of pizza is
those little pepperonis that curl up oh
my favorite kind of pepperoni for real
oh you know it feels really good when
you leave a client and Bob's not just my
client is a good friend of mine would
you leave your client and they're just a
hundred percent satisfied with their
photos feels good I wish I had time to
vlog with them there but seriously had
to review photos and
get back on the road because i have a
vlog to edit and i want to get that done
as soon as possible because we're having
a bonfire at romans and i want to it's a
beautiful day I want to enjoy myself
relax and just hang out maybe get drunk
oh no I kind of want to get drink dude
you just missed all my my awesome tricks
now he just picked up the board check
this out you know I borders like they
get tired i swear i'm at right now how
much higher let's just oh I never see
not like that so we gotta go up I'm not
Ollie manual come back Holly background
do it let's see it let's talk more
action real soon you do it once right
you see no no these are good ah it's for
all Marvel just scroll the cabbage yeah
nicely done mom I did I'd be like you
got bro boy like answer for the kids
that's awful mm-hmm I'm gonna give me
some boys I shot you you gotta fall down
and die
why doesn't this thing shoot very well
ah bah-bah-bah-bah so me and the boys
just took a trip to the local phantom
fireworks store and I want to say thank
you Rama thank you for buying the
entertainment have relevant thank you
very much what God do drive yeah no but
seriously thanks dude for the firework
cuz you know worst thing about this kid
is if I were to be so fun I'm playing
this game called doors ridiculously
addicting I'm gonna download that it's
just dumb but it's so fun it's don't get
it oh yes you will do anything else
thank you sir is it is it as bad or
worse flappy birds nah pretzels
more duty
it was easy
seems like that gave me actually have to
use your brain I'm going down to the
water levels hatha where this has to be
the first time I've seen you on the
grill for like ever he's the flipper did
it I'm not one to brag but he hasn't for
a very good on rich doughnut cheese
looks melted perfectly bro well this
sides a little more misjudge me show me
a fancy burger pearl in it let's do this
yeah why don't you want a double flip
yeah yeah yeah ah mmm that's good hahaha
hey what all right show me all right i'm
watching that's cool dude oh my gosh
call the fire department let's go to fly
all the flyer tomorrow is not meant to
be there goes yeah a video i see changes
Jackie Chan just died oh come on sing a
song about my burning land only way to
do lie what what is it what's on here
what is that said made in USA what do
you think it says no I didn't realize
oh its nuclear gene material so can last
this Gold's office crap the other ones
way up there
hey guys following don't lamb gonna let
all these letters go Oh bro hahaha
Thanks coming down wow the black smoke
coming out of Yeller I do believe in
fairy tales come to see the Wizard it
ain't an outward bonfire without some
proper fireworks right boy that's what
I'm talking about could get song we have
here this is the wizard of oz oh yeah oz
oh that's clever yeah oh my my stupidity
oh dude that thing's all do that one
next that's pretty sweet dude do we go
get you soon huh Brett so she's so
ridiculous
this should be rather exciting oh yes
nice what do you think what do you think
of that fire dude oh we're boarding a
plane ha i put thing to play oh my gosh
that's a pretty big fire huh yeah it is
you're gonna jump over it uh no no
you're not no it's too big yeah whoa
whoa whoa I find ourselves back at home
how'd you do that how did you get me in
the car and drive me home without me
knowing about it oh crap I didn't sleep
oh and sleep in everyone thanks for
annika forgetting your captain captain
Gilroy home safely she didn't drink it
all tonight I had a couple drinks today
was fun I feel accomplished I delivered
the wedding photos I loved them it's
awesome yeah and Bob and Amanda ones
take us out for dinner this week since--
did such a great job just you and me are
you gonna go yeah yeah yeah i'm going to
sleep and and try and sleep off some of
this alcohol ingestion so we'll see you
guys right back here tomorrow
