hey welcome back to another edition of
fanart Friday this week I wanted you
guys to create a logo design something
that we could use unlike t-shirts or
anything anything that I want to use to
kind of brand to get where I blogs
channel and I gotta say you guys came up
with some of the most creative stuff
that that I've seen so far when you're
thinking about logo design you want to
keep things really clean basic simple of
course maybe you could draw it out but
then it would need to be vectorized and
I can definitely tell the difference
between original artwork and stuff that
was kind of compiled together from
different images on the internet let's
get started right away let's start with
the crystal and Chris sit in it's a
really cool design and I haven't seen
anything else like it on any of the
other submissions so chris took the gill
Hawk and put it on the top of the g4
gilroy I thought that was really
creative and a nice touch so kudos on
that the handle the sword is the I for
Gilroy there's a grungy kind of
gladiators text on the blade sword the
grungy Tex I'm not crazy about think the
idea behind this design very very strong
good work Chris this one's from Chris
Valenzuela this this is a really strong
design and I like it because it's very
simple the gladder your helmet isn't a
full helmet the lines imply that it's a
helmet I really like that you got some
you got really nice detail on the plume
of the top of the helmet and the sword
for the tea the lens for the oh and the
gilroy I really really like this design
it's very very strong the only thing
that I would say is the font for Gilroy
gladiators it's kind of too ornamental
you want to keep it legible so the less
fancy the better you can
next is uh Lucas Lucas made a really
cool wing logo the only thing that I
don't like about this design is that the
helmet like the gladiator face it's kind
of evil I'm all about like positivity
and happiness uplifting and positive
energy so I really like the symmetry of
this design it looks cool so a very good
job Lucas well done X up is Lucas Ross
we've got so many double names here so
Lucas Ross made a really cool-looking
gladiator helmet it's a good shape I
want to have something that's easy to
sketch out if someone were to draw it
there like a gladiator fan they could
draw that very easily I'm not quite sure
what the fans are behind the helmet but
if I mean it looks cool and then
gladiator texel on the bottom that's
really strong design I like it okay
magma magma made a shield with a helmet
and then Gilbert gladiator on the bottom
I like how you guys are coming up with
different helmet ideas the helmet is
probably going to be the number one
element in the logo design this one's
really simple you know what it is when
you look at it if it were all over
everything you would know that's your
gladiator or gladiator or something like
that I like how simple it is manga did a
good job on that another helmet design
Michael Michael made a really cool look
at spike top helmet I kind of like the
gladiators text on the bottom I like
that it's like AG radiated gold it makes
me think about a medieval type of bomb
it's a good choice the helmet alone I
think like I said before the helmet
alone is a strong element for the
bloodier design so you guys you guys are
right on track next up a text a
text-based logo Nathan Bennett built to
gilroy gladiators text logo one thing
that I really like about this one is
take a look at gladiators you can see
how the sword kind of pin
penetrates the letters in different ways
is kind of weaved in and out I like that
that's that's creative and I know that
that can be difficult to do it's time
consuming it if you have to mask out the
proportions of the letter the different
markings inside the letters might be a
little too busy if this were a
full-color it would look like metal and
that's cool but as it is it's kind of
punched out and it doesn't make a whole
lot of sense with all of that fill in
there I really like this one it made the
top 10 so it's definitely a strong
design oh my buddy ryan master i don't
know if i could see this on a t-shirt I
don't know maybe it stop me if I'm wrong
but the gill hawk is a trademark Gilroy
vlogs element and so we have that
represented here in Ryan's design gilroy
vlogs I suppose the text could probably
be dressed up a little bit but the idea
of gill Hawk incorporated into like a
standalone element is a good idea so I
like that law next up this is from sep
Torah design this one's clever it's got
okay so gladiators follows the circular
shape which I'm going to assume is a
shield and then we have a gloved hand
holding a sword I can see that as a
breast placement or the design it's
really cool it can be subtle really nice
t-shirt with that right here by the
shoulder this is well done alright the
last one and I'm on I'm on the fence
about this one if it's my favorite one
or not simplicity is key so we have a
gladiator helmet and it's just really
basic its basic shapes the proximity
between the shapes is perfect I like
that you you're using basic shapes like
the triangular shapes that go down the
top of the feather I guess you'd say to
kind of give it detail rather than keep
it a solid shape I like that that was
does a great idea and then gladiator on
the bottom the only thing about this one
is
it it too closely resembles the Roman
soldier helmet if it weren't for that
this would be my number one choice but I
really appreciate the time that you took
to do this I think it's time is tennis
tennis tyn is tennis sorry if I said
your name wrong there's there's people
from all over the world so you have to
excuse me so yeah so that's the top 10
and if you if you can recall we have to
pick a favorite of all the submissions
this is so tough they're all so good
based on simplicity originality and
creativity this week's fan our friday
winner is Cris link with the gilroy
gladiators the gill hawk on the G it's a
very good design and the creativity the
originality it's all there you did an
amazing job everyone did a great job so
thank you to everybody who submitted you
guys are incredible alright Chris so hit
me up with an email and let me know what
your address is so i can send you a
shirt and what shirt you would like we
still have these nuts we still have the
f michigan shirt don't worry i really
like you michigan ah let's see we still
have the don't need a tractor to pull
hoes and the motor boatin champion in my
favorite make sure you guys send your
submissions to gilroy blogs at gmail com
make sure that you send me either a PNG
file or a JPEG those work out best for
me let's get to what next week's
objective is what I want you guys to do
for next week is find a picture a still
shot one of my instagram photos anything
you want take my head and put it on
something else
it could be an animal it could be
another person you can turn me into
Arnold Schwarzenegger I mean whatever
you want be creative I want it to be
funny too and I want to make fun of it
you know what I mean so have fun scour
the internet my Instagram it's at Chase
Gilroy if you want to find a picture
there so thank you again everyone who
submitted for this week remember live
life be creative we'll see you guys
right back here next week
