morning gladiators how are you today I
just want to tell you guys I love you
and welcome welcome to today I'm
actually working on the photos from the
wedding that I shot this past weekend
and it's just about time to go get
Carson from the buck so Carson gets home
from school a lot earlier than Colin
that's why you see Carson a lot a lot
more in the videos because I stayed here
to get him and Veronica picks up Colin
later in the day that's why that happens
and today is the last day for the kids
to be in school so summer begins
officially but let's go get Carson from
the bus there's my boy there is oh
say bye miss Connie you too daddy
I'll miss you too miss bye everyone
all right let's say school buddy yeah
all right well I'm working on this I
wanted to show you guys a couple of my
favorite shots from the wedding that I
did I shot last weekend and check this
one out this guy right here I thought
was a really cool shot I put the camera
really low to the ground so you can see
that you know the focal plane of the
ground up into where they're standing
sounds like it was really cool this is
after the ceremony when we did like some
of the poses the pose shots together
little crowd they're all those a really
cool shot we've got a couple of these
bouquet holding shots
Octomom where they're holding it lower
kind of like this I think I really like
that one that's a cool one really nice I
also want got down on the ground I think
that's a really cool angle of that shot
I check this out I really like this one
well sunlight that's a beautiful shot
another one I really like these are cool
like those what did you do flowers on
the ground I put them there on purpose
like the ring hands those are kind of
normal but this one this is one of my
favorites Bob did a great job with with
dipping Amanda her arm looks natural
some people believe it or not some
people can really blow that shot because
they look awkward you know I mean this
looks natural you did it naturally it's
really good daddy can I have a drink
please you want a drink yeah you're
interrupting my photography greatness
for a drink I'll get you a drink buddy
so yeah there's a couple of the shots
that I took from the wedding um I mean
there's so many of them they're just
great I can't take it and they all just
look amazing so if you're looking for a
wedding photographer I know the right
guy Carson I heard a noise are you okay
you okay buddy
I got what you got there's why on your
face there's why to my face where I
don't see uni here up here up here no
well haha I just I just had to shave I
actually I heard a noise I've come down
to check on Carson and I'm just trying
to shave and I know you might be asking
yourself why why chase is your shaving
cream pink well that's because I ran out
of shaving cream and I have to use
Veronica's but uh you know shame shame
shame shame it all works the same it's
that magical moment when I realized in
the mirror that you can't tell that the
shaving creams pink and I just told
myself for using my wife's shaving cream
looks a lot better look so young with
with my face shaven look I got a cut I
nicked myself hmm today the last day of
school let's do our last day of school
happy dance happy dance oh yeah
all right that's cool oh yeah
hey guess what we're gonna go to where
we're going
yeah he knows we're gonna smell one
store and we got to go by the factory so
we gotta take Dale back his camera let's
go tuck it in tuck it in okay get in
there get got a nap Colin and Carson
don't have school again for the iMac
are you excited to hear your summer has
officially started you do not have to go
to school I know I cut myself shaving
that's what happens when you shave with
a butter knife I mean it's bad I'm just
kidding I only shave once every two
years or so you know my hair doesn't
grow but summer yeah okay I bet you
can't wait to go swim in and play in the
sprinklers and and and like sleep in in
the mornings you'll sleep in right that
sounds good to me
please start sleeping in that would be
great all I'm thinking about it I wanted
to ask you guys it's a very simple
question
ah there's this place I want to do a
meet-up and I and before I before I
arranged this I want to make sure that
there's enough of you interested to come
and here's my idea there's place in
Hocking Valley it's it's like
southeastern Ohio it's a I believe is
called Hawking Valley zip line dollars
I personally have never been ziplining
boys I'm trying to talk here I
personally have never been ziplining
before and I think it'd be really cool
for us all to do it together
so would you be interested hey boys I'm
trying to vlog here
thanks ah would you guys be interested
in coming to hang out with me and maybe
possibly Roman at Hocking Valley zip
line tours for me too and I can have
cross solder come and play a show there
obviously it would be on the weekend and
I think would be a really good time if
we if enough of you guys are interested
I can probably get special rates
discounted rates in it I'm telling you
it would be such a blast to hang out the
whole day I'll stay and devote the whole
day to hanging out with you guys
ziplining me Veronica probably the boys
at home because it's not a kid type
thing but I think it would be so much
fun so in the comments like down there I
need you to tell me how how many of you
a hundred percent would come to Ohio and
hang out with me in zipline and listen
to music and eat hot dogs and hamburgers
and just hang out hey hi honey I brought
you something extra special yes you wait
till you see what's in that box
I'm not Veronica opening for you guys
are gonna like this walk come on open it
the other ones open save yourself some
time what's that
boom what is that Oh No Oh check that
out yo man I could put my camera in
there like this you know really yeah
that is nice smile more cinch sack
that's what they're called right yep
okay that's pretty perfect how's your
day so far I missed you I've been busy
busy
Veronica is always busy in the smile
Moore store my son ready to ship ready
to ship ready to ship oh oh and don't
forget that one man you're on it you're
on it like Donkey Kong I don't know why
I said that but it sounded good oh
that's that's what I'm up to today is on
top of doing the wedding photos that I
did earlier we still have more edit but
we got to shoot new products let's smile
more store so you got water bottles for
you guys and cinch that and I think
that's about it for now you guys are
gonna love it love these water bottles
love you know I always wanted to try one
of these no let me try it yeah come on
come on
you can't get me with that I'm too smart
too smart to the work I'm immune there's
Colin hey you know these kids were so
excited for the end of school finally
over school though then I'm gonna film
I'm gonna I'm gonna film whatever Todd
tells me to film
cuz he's my new boss alright so we
officially maybe got this mobile feeder
so I can feed my fish from anywhere in
the world saw that mobile feeder USB
here we go here we go I'm gonna cross it
go
okay hey guys come here
I got nothing dude it works keep it safe
oh I guess
it's coming to life that's a lot good
this is super fun that let Boyd Fowler
it's just going into the Ecotech what
was this a little
we got readjusted there's a beatin going
on what I'm gonna tell you what from my
angle I looked boring yeah
dinner's ready
ah this point
you suck at tests so bad I just wanted
to scary
hey what next time why don't you just
like pretend I'm scared you know so I
look good in front of my friends here
see ya
Drive careful Drive careful
these guys are playing call of duty
ghosts I don't know where they get that
stuff from Oh show you guys this sunset
it is absolutely breathtaking what it
seems like we box
trees
oh man we lost it
while still pretty sunset
exactly half of the Sun was just just
below the horizon
must resist ah I did it
who feels good so we're back at home now
and we're gonna play some battlefield
but of course it has an update
80% it's been up and updating for like
40 minutes but we're not going to wait
any longer because we have stuff to do
we're gonna go ahead and shoot our new
products for the store
drumroll please dude
well how great would it been I mean I'm
not bringing this up again but this
would have been awesome - yeah seriously
no for real though we had that in a
pocket even if our mics were bad this
would still get they make smaller ones
that are just as good yeah this is the
tascam field recorder actually it's the
dr0 7 mk2 and let me tell you a little
bit about this mic I know nothing about
it but I tell ya it records audio it is
it's got multiple speakers for and you
can put in this headphone got the move
it's not for headphones that is for army
isn't it that's for a microphone that
thing is actually comparable to the zoom
h4n what's one thing what you guys know
the zoom h4n is it's probably the
top-of-the-line most used field recorder
that guy is a hundred fifty bucks and
it's just as good yes here it is welcome
to the newest product and the smile more
family we're here - I like that huh look
at that this is a Canon camera just let
me have this for a second I gotta clear
something I gotta clear something out
see you see because yesterday's what I
actually loved it I actually loved it
guys don't know me I don't know me
everybody throws a dick Romans and dick
you guys have no idea my sarcastic side
I can be no sir sarcastic human on the
blown it bad
see when you see me acting like a dick
on
era that's my sarcastic side I do it all
the time like like little things
hey dude when are you done blogging I'll
say it's super serious straight up
maybe but he's just trying to save his
that you know that's why we're that's
why I've been friends for so long that's
why we used to beat each other up right
and they were like you know what this is
stupid you're actually awesome
yesterday's vlog tastes like - they hate
you today not like that he's like man
they really don't know you come on guys
come on he really is a nice guy come on
just chill out
you sure you take your camera yeah just
finished we're all done we get these
edited up on the website soon yeah maybe
not right now in the next hour it's soon
enough yeah lucky lucky boy cuz I got a
baseball bat in my back pocket so much
shadow at the Dordogne the isalways yeah
it's Roman and I are trying out
battlefield 4 I've had this game for a
while but we never ever ever play it
however that's because Call of Duty is
king everyone plays call of duty but
battle food is truly an awesome game you
know what I'm saying
every time he spawns it's hitting 100
and in real life
Roman is badass with a rifle so he's
trying to use the difference my per
rifle but it's bolt-action it's so
different yeah
yeah yeah they actually move this game
rocks dude Rock I would play with you
guys but not tonight
job sucking hey I know what dude I can't
I can't even talk because I suck two
three and eight was my last game I think
at least we suck equally as bad yeah
good you're bad its repo son I think if
we're gonna play with fans when you
probably practice for I'm gonna say by
the year 2017 we might be able to
compete on the same game again so don't
have to backtrack a little bit all right
man peace
adios that's that's not mine you can
have that I like this yeah it's good I
do care FINA T hang a ling a ding ding
ding a ling a d-ring oh I'm not tired
get some sleep I hope you feel better
tomorrow do you need to get it over
there you know matter like right now
feel better
actually really excited please feel like
okay that's good I like it cold press
some weights right now all right gotta
go all right man see you tomorrow yes
all right guys so that about does it for
today had a little bit of fun with Roman
playing some battlefield as awesome and
I think maybe one night this weekend
we'll try and set up a night so that we
can play some battlefield or Call of
Duty whichever is the higher in demand
I'm sure it'll probably be Call of Duty
but you know I like spending time with
you guys I like to engage with you and
play with you and have fun also make
sure you leave me your comments about
whether or not you would like to meet up
with me and have a fun night or a whole
day rather ziplining and just hanging
out maybe I can get cross daughter to
come play a show you guys would love
that right there freakin Rock so make
sure you leave your comments down below
and I guess we'll see you guys right
back here tomorrow
