all right you bastard
back at it again today I didn't really
touch on what happened yesterday but
basically we were shooting all day and
we lost the myk's myk's we're all static
so we're gonna reset this bad boy we're
gonna have to clean up sound today I
promise where's my mic right here
see you body bottom now ramen
I love the shit out of you I love you
Tamara we're just about 20 minutes south
of Cincinnati and we're stopping for
Subway it's time to eat and we got to
edit our vlogs and get those uploaded
it's been a kind of crappy trip it's all
my fault
I fucked up all the filming yesterday
yes I said that the caramel apples today
we're garbage
so we've been stand basically get to go
home with our tail between our legs
Romans probably never gonna talk to me
again I just want you to shut up so I
can start blogging as soon as I get home
he's gonna like lose my phone number
Roman goes up to the car passes it leads
up front they all know it
everywhere we go everyone's like you got
do from YouTube yeah it is so check this
out we stopped just subway for lunch
right and we decided to go ahead and
edit our videos here so my videos done
ramens videos done and look he's got
this little jetpack you're now on the
road I'll smart it up - you have to have
it when you travel a lot I want us to
say I'm gonna fork up the dougie
it sounds like a commercial right now
almost there come on baby come on baby
94% usually the videos will hang at 95
for a little longer but it's almost time
that's weird it's weird that's weird
that's weird that's very no no I heard
you I can hear you as soon as this is up
it's time for us to get back on my bro
state line here we go
cool it's nice getting back to
Magilla Kentucky's
dougies to country
Cincinnati
bitch
oh I love my blurry camera I love it
no I had to stop and pee it looks like a
monsoon came through here it's all wet
but it's blue skies right above I don't
get it do you get it you get it he
doesn't get it it's crazy we almost made
it to the outer about Columbus and we
got stuck in traffic
awful traffic and it gave me a chance to
catch up on some comments to my recently
uploaded blog and I just want to answer
one of you guys asked me why the didn't
you monitor the audio gilroy well let me
tell you bro I didn't have headphones
and I wasn't about to walk through the
most dangerously populated area in
Louisville by myself to go get a pair
we're in a safe Taco Bell parking lot
there was white people everywhere you
you have no idea - no I'll show you huh
no I can't shake cuz I didn't film but
no we were in a bad part of town let's
just say that let's just say that
Krogers
wasn't like my Kroger's at all
and let's just also say that shit
happens happen to me yesterday I walk
shit really did happen to you a lot oh
dude this looks bad up here they're
going through the grass and stuff
probably somebody changing their tire
maybe someone had explosive diarrhea and
stop the road
anyway it's not my fault guys it's just
the name of the game I hope you still
love Roman
my stellar job I'm asleep hey dude you
miss me yeah where's Colin Colin we've
been doing oh you want to scare me tell
me when oh I wonder where the boys are
at guys you guys really got me did you
miss me yes yeah are you super excited
to be ready for summer how many days of
school is left just one more tomorrow
awesome
what do you want to do this weekend and
celebrate the first the first weekend of
summer
what should we do you want to throw a
party why do you get all crazy when the
cameras on you get all goofy no games
crazy fighting no fighting this was a
bad idea guys I got my wife my kids
nothing happened today what are you
talking about we failed it filming
that's what happened today yeah
we failed no but we're getting ready to
go back to my houses to sit on my couch
and watch my TV which is gonna be even
greater and the boys have one more day
of school right person it's one more day
when it's summer break yes oka that's
awesome everyone say bye to Roman Roman
Roman needs to get well Roman still has
bug flu yeah that's real good
that's really good
home what are you doing alright let's go
home
let's go home boys we've learned a
valuable lesson this week as far as
filming goes and that's monitor your
audio and it's not the first time that
this has happened it's happened once
maybe twice before and it really soft
when it does happen it's just one of
those bonehead mistakes it's gonna be
great to be home I can't wait to get
home take a shower and just relax and
hug my wife and tell her how much I love
her
I missed this living oh there you are
they're yours be hurt and the gladiators
missed you too and when I go away that
means they don't get to see you and they
missed you yeah you get to come with and
go and do everything but you have to be
productive you know who's gonna take
care of the small more store if you go
with me I know yeah
if Didache you have a dedication you
have an obligation to the smile more
store and soon enough we're gonna have
gladiator t-shirts hopefully soon and
hopefully this week's fan art Friday
helps to give a good idea to the logo
that we'll use for the design the
t-shirts I know a lot of you guys have
been asking where can we get gilroy
merch well I want to bring it to you
because I think it would be cool you
know and maybe it would you know help it
would help better our situation as far
as providing you guys products of course
and then you could get there you could
be obligated to the the you know the
gladiator merchandise with that that's
awesome you can do both Veronica's
awesome she can do almost everything any
but we're gonna now that we're home I
to sit down with my wife and just relax
we're gonna see all you guys right back
here tomorrow
