what do you think you're doing oh he's
the zombie he's getting me he's getting
me downs on me down downs on me down
zombie you mean high five is the kerstin
okay
Carson's back now but I had to spend
this morning getting the house tidied up
because when we're out and about doing
different things
cleanliness of our house can get away
from us so I got this is done at the
floor swept get the living room clean
the clothes put away doing laundry
Veronica's doing smile more orders and
it's just about time to get calling off
the bus you want to go with me yeah sure
okay let's go it's two minutes past time
we gotta go you broke Steve's leg oh
dude you better put that back together
hey kick it before Steve's mom gets
really mad it's Steve's mom's gonna be
really mad at you yeah are you killed
what just keeps dead since these mom
excellent who else you got in the
backseat there my oh yes Mario Yoshi
Luigi and you got the whole crew
you made this shirt at school really -
sure that's awesome
you make it today bananas all right
climb in I'm crowded here up against the
steering wheel so I've been dragging my
feet I'm vlogging today because I wasn't
sure what we were doing now I have a
really good idea well no I know for sure
we are going to we are going to Kentucky
it's a film pranks with Tom aim so I'm
getting ready to go meet up with
Veronica she's working at the smile
Moore store and we're gonna have a
little pizza before we leave and we're
driving the Honda this guy who's lifters
need adjusted but it's fine she'll make
it she's she's great what do you want
good they're even they're requesting a
specific song lesson
a very specific song
no but steel
the
gonna be this song
long story short
Veronica's over at the smile Moore store
working and she was getting ready to
head home but she locked the doors Roman
and Britt were away and she left her GP
inside the house
smash she's been sitting there waiting
she's been sitting there waiting I'm
getting ready to leave town so I'm going
to take some pizza over there and sit
and wait for Roman abrading to get back
so that we can get her GP
that GP is a Houdini as that pizza I
pulled in and Roman and Brittany have
just got home so luckily you weren't
stranded out there sorry but time for us
to roll out Kentucky bound we miss you
boys I'll be back
what tomorrow night mr. pizza face
uh-huh do I have to tell my face you
crazy
bye-bye crazy house see ya finally oh
yeah it's been how long have you been on
the road
hour and a half I've been in my laptop
Romans driving I had to do a little bit
of a little designing you know on the
way getting stuff done on the road
that's how we that's how we operate
Romans driving it's about half way in it
to our see you sit see
adios bitch
we're leaving you behind
great roman we live in Euboea
anytime you want me to drive you let me
know
we're in Kentucky
what's a hectare there's that many
people who use in sharps besides he's
full bro happy
let's stop number two we've only made
two stops trip to
and we've this asshole in here
screw you dude haha
all I wanted to do is wake you up a
little bit you're just gonna walk
outside that door we own this mother I'm
awake
oh wait Tom's office I've never been
here before
turtle chase chase and Roman look at
that listen to that music channel oh my
god that's so cute that's not my blog
dude this is awesome
look at this great right
oh dude this is the room I wanted to see
right here you have to respect this okay
you have got to respect the pocket rooms
I want all up in this you want yeah I
want you all up in this shit okay I want
to be on these you have not seen those
rooms they like I like to walk yeah
water park it's like a water park that's
cool it's awesome you know what you
should buy TTF did we talk funny in
Kentucky
let me show you guys something this
right here this right here is my first
milestone Tom's got 100,000 I want that
award on my wall and I want to office
like this look at this I mean this place
is inspirational it's a it's a
Productivity Factory all these desks
apartment
Tom I would have Tom dancing in my
background that'd be it essential you
know wait although I probably never get
anything done to Tom in the office you
he'd be over my head people talk about
Roman this is like to hand links long
you sure you're gonna fit on the
he does he's a really good friend little
sketch drive here I was visualizing this
she's so tall and I'm so sure you got
the same height right this is what best
friends is all about I drove all the way
here Tom by the way you see that sheet
that's not gonna keep me warm I don't
have any fat I'll take this one I want
to give you a look I want to put this on
the leather oh okay all right
yeah cuz I might I might be in the other
night and I don't want to destroy you
another I understand he has a pier here
yeah no all right so we're getting
wrapped up we got lots of stuff to film
tomorrow we're gonna go to bed oh I
gotta edit a vlog maybe no ha ha but
Roman says I might not be able to edit
hey you fall asleep I open my laptop
you'll never know what I might be I
might be alright guys what we'll see all
you guys right back here tomorrow
Oh
