so I've got the batteries charged all my
equipments in line have everything ready
to go except for the camera that I'm
using is a compact flash card and I do
not have a compact flash reader so I
took a lot of test photos yesterday and
other than deleting them I have no way
to get them off the car so I'm heading
to Best Buy to get a compact flash
reader and to get my do busted so that I
look nice and fresh for their wedding
my favorite place it's my favorite place
on earth unfortunately I never have
enough money to buy in here everything I
want alright so before I get ready and
leave I wanted to show a lot of you guys
were asking questions what camera D is
to shoot this wedding and I'm actually
using this is a Canon 5d Mark 3 I'm only
using two lenses this this is a 24 to
105 set the speed is a 4.0
that's the aperture and then the other
lens I'll be using is a 70 to 200
millimeter 2.8 which which is pretty
good that's that's a fast lens for 200
millimetres once I get there I'm not
gonna do a whole lot of vlogging because
I'm technically working so my job is to
get amazing photos and that's exactly
what I'm gonna do so Veronica is going
to have a second camera she will be
filming me doing my thing you know
filming me doing my thing right yeah you
got this covered yep we can count on you
yeah all right good I wish you were
gonna be with me like beside me as as my
camera person and then my camera would
just be floating and following me
everywhere but we can't do that
Veronica's going as a guest so she'll be
sitting in the crowd but I'm gonna get
ready and I'm gonna get stuff set up I'm
actually going to take the GoPro
and set it up like right by where
they're seeing their vowels and stuff so
that I can make a cool little video for
them after you know after the ceremony's
over oh look at this sexy Gil right do I
look nice
I look handsome so I want you to say you
look sexy wait tough with the glasses on
then it makes it even better all right
all right it's time for me to roll guys
time to go to a wedding and do my
favorite thing shoot photos and just
have fun with me I don't have fun it's
beautiful out you couldn't ask for
anything more
so we'll see you there I gotta go
showered and get myself ready perfect
and you're taking the kids the kids are
staying at Grandma's tonight beautiful
from what I understand
Romans coming over later because we have
smile more stuff to do too so it's a
busy day man it's a busy day even though
we're going to shoot a wedding that's
fun supposed to have lots of drinks and
stuff I probably won't drink cuz I got
more work to do yeah yeah all right I
love you
people are still out doing all this yard
sale stuff
all over
I just came to dips down but yeah
there's people setting stuff out all
over the place random stuff dude that's
all whole table full of like ceramic
coffee cups
people making one I'm out to pack up my
whole house and bring it out here on the
side of the road see what I can make
here we are
I'm ready I'm ready to shoot oh well I
guess I showed up a little to her no one
else is here the wedding doesn't start
until 6:00 but everyone's supposed to be
here at 3:30 to get dressed and all
their tuxes and dresses on stuff I'm I'm
an hour early it's 2:30 but that's fine
it gives me a chance to I wanted to go
back here and see what kind of what kind
of backdrop I've got like where I can
take people to do their photos the
bridesmaids and the groomsmen of stuff I
like a shaded area so that we don't have
this direct sunlight all right so I made
here to Lyndsey's and she voted against
your putting my hair up she liked it
down and hopefully it should start
cooling off
we'll see ready
almost yeah he forgot all those stuff
at home so I had to bring it adults here
hey PJ
What's Up DJ are you you look beautiful
thank you I'm nervous and excited and
okay
hey go do some more stuff nice to meet
you hey he forgot all this stuff at home
so last I seen him he was and they okay
I'm all rounded up something I'll go
find him nice say hi no I found him
there you are hi here's all your stuff
that you forgot at home I didn't forget
it was the last-minute thing I didn't
know if you needed that cord to do this
okay I'll put it back and I brought two
extra batteries - extra extra no the DJ
said he had the capability to record
audio mm-hmm and he's got mics on the
pastor so I'll be able to film with the
GoPro and then record the audio hey oh
that's gonna be great I got find our
seats ready ready
beautiful beautiful
sun is shining
pick a seat and on the side so choices
behind me and this is how these shoots
photos I'm staring at me doing because
I'm noticing you noticing me
the groom's up there with the pastor
last-minute pep talk I guess
get back out now Bob you can't back down
they're on her nightstand they've been
there forever
he's gonna be here there and everywhere
gotta capture all the PAI rollin alpha
rollin out the aisle runner
all right so here's chase doing his
doing his thing directing all the photos
yeah do it
Ernie hanging out here with the flower
girl
can you say hi Anna over here look here
say hi
she's a very killed do you still have
little flowers in there let me see them
I mean cleaning the flower petals you
did a great job
very cute
that's the dedicated photographer did
you let it rip buddy water that would be
funny
all right now that I assisted it with
the photos had to help chase set up some
shots I'm gonna go in and get my seat
and a beverage never seen a I guess
guestbook like this before
it's a family tree it's a family tree
you take you stamp your finger watch
wait anyone
and then you stand back
right there and then when it dries you
put your name over your leaf then you
add to their family tree how beautiful I
got my feet beverage beverage
so Veronica put me and chase but you
guys are here too so I just put the
gladiators that's right
you guys a matter before yes but she is
truly
isn't working so are taking pictures
victims on a plate has to be able to sit
down and eat again
it is reporting
his food is Senor green color
what can we do to it can we do to it
onesie with dances for all the married
couples taking photos but I'm gonna go
dance with them anyways
sorry love start
sorry I'll come back for an excellent
I gotta go back to work
we're gonna dance right dan yes get
addict
she's at Hamilton it Heidi you're gonna
dance with us yes of course on the dance
with you
let's go bathroom Bob
gun shooting I've heard today
which is fine by me we're veronica's men
without me the whole night
I'm just doing my job you're not doing
what I do
we got some other work to do this mom
war story has some new products coming
and we got to get them on the website
tonight two night
it's Veronica Gilroy vlogs today so
honey are you gonna stop and get
something to eat for sure you know what
I'm really disappointed they had this
amazing food there and I made a plate in
everything I showed them and as soon as
I sat down I had to get back to work
so I miss the food they showed you guys
earlier he never got to eat I took five
bites of that chicken in between taking
photos that's how boss I am I was gonna
walk around with you and cut it up and
feed you in between like shirts so here
we are when do you see something with my
life the smile more tickle bug pen dude
it's a prank we're gonna take this in
the hood bro let's do it could be like
brewing you got a pin at the bar as a
matter of fact I do
yes so I have Edwyn in my basement close
to midnight cuz we're shooting this
little thing on my bobber just shot
these photos you guys don't see these
products on the smile Moore store today
by the time you see this okay dude okay
all right
all right later honey honey honey you
fell asleep
nope just trying to tell you that you
can all sleep but I realized that I woke
you up to tell you that you fell asleep
and I'm really sorry about it I have to
edit some photos and get them on the
smile more store and then I'll wake you
up and then we can go to bed okay but
that means that I still have a little
bit of work to do so I'm gonna I'm gonna
end the vlog now so I don't have to
worry about that I'm sure you guys had a
lot of fun following me and Brock go
back and forth today but I killed it
guys I killed this wedding shoot today
it was awesome I can't wait to show you
guys the photos it'll probably be a few
days because I think the count was
something like three hundred four
hundred photos I was trigger happy today
that's for sure
thanks for watching guys thanks for
coming with us to the wedding make sure
in the comments you guys give a big
congratulations to Bob and Amanda they
will be checking out the vlog I'm sure
and just come back tomorrow and watch
this because I'll be right here okay
well see you guys right back here
tomorrow
