man Carson are just sitting here chillin
enjoying a little bit of lunch
McDonald's McDonald's you got him a
happy meal he's pretty happy about it
even though it's not really good for you
but so I don't know if I told you guys
but today and tomorrow is gonna be a
little busy I am a good friend of mine
Bob and Amanda are getting married and
today is their rehearsal and tomorrow is
the actual wedding I'm not in it but
I'll be shooting the photos so it's
about time for me to roll to this
rehearsal I'm gonna go scope out my
shots
figure out you know where my positions
are gonna be I love shooting photos I
love gives me a chance to be creative
through the camera which is one of my
favorite things ever right mm-hmm
yeah she knows me best Oh Veronica some
point later Veronica is going to the
horse barn to see ninja and she's taking
the old vlog camper the bashed-up vlog
camera this guy right here she's taking
this camera so that you guys can also
see what she's up to a horse barn to be
cool like co-op vlog yeah yeah wait hugs
and kisses we don't have five we're
husband and wife I totally forgot that
this weekend
this road here is State Route 40 it's
called the National Road because
apparently it goes all the way from East
Coast to west coast and this weekend
they have this yard sale this whole the
entire Road all 40 is yard sale you can
find anything everything look at look at
all this if so much going on it's like
it could technically be the world's
biggest like flea market it's all people
selling their stuff it's awesome
so much tax-free money being made this
weekend
here we are it's the place called all
timbers right now by Reynoldsburg
there's a lot of people get married out
here it's really pretty it's kind of
like an outdoorsy spot for wedding then
there it is there's the spot right over
there
here's your farmer hey just don't stay
away too long
what's that that happens
Oh crying those and Sammy I say now my
dear friends boy you guys to meet a
really special friend this is my buddy
Paxton say hi Paxton oh say hi he said
no this is a PJ son you remember PJ from
when I very first started vlogging and
this right here is old Bob Oh Bob's
getting married are you excited yes
we're excited you should be man this is
gonna be the happiest day of your life
hopefully it will it will and you got
Gilroy on the cam so you can't go wrong
yeah we're all there I'm super excited
man this place is absolutely gorgeous
so beautiful it's a it's really a
photographer's playground to be honest
short and sweet basically just did a
rundown of the how the whole ceremony's
gonna go
basic wedding stuff man I've been a
million weddings it's all the same but
I'm excited to shot the test shots that
I took are gonna look awesome be a fun
day at photos tomorrow's mono Pro I just
got back home from the wedding rehearsal
and I need to get you guys your videos
well I'm working on that because it's
gonna be pretty boring watching me like
this you guys slide on over and check
out what Veronica's up to a horse barn
where we at the horse mine who we see in
ninja ninja that's right we're bringing
you guys along we're gonna go meet my
horse ninja
mm-hm having got to ninja at but there's
horses all around this place it's a
pretty one hi hi bear how are you doing
Hey look at this one down here it's the
big Clydesdale he's going around Lee on
their side he's over there
Oh Terry is he's a big guy he's a big
guy hi
you like horses yeah he's really big
he's really big I love horses too and
you guys all know that it's my dream to
have a horse farm one day maybe not this
many horses but
I just love them this here's the indoor
arena where we ride the boys just like
to play in the dirt and flip the barn
dog boys come on what's your ninja
where's the horse ninja there he is
panting hi buddy
you say hi you could eat the camera get
the camera
why are you doing oh hey buddy come here
boy oh yeah oh yeah
huh buddy say hi you're Shedden hey
Shannon boy your shadow
yes shedding hmm so let me say hi hey hi
this is my horse I have had him since I
was 12 years old I think I figured it up
about 17 years I've had this horse he is
about 19 years old
hmm bone 19 years old
hmm he's ornery that's for sure
we're going breccia multi-person anyway
brass yeah you want to switch me okay
you know just touch him and know that's
where you're gonna brush him
yep just always watch his feet that's
all
sit job boys get all that hair off of
him he's still losing some of his winter
coat so you can tell who's shedding like
crazy I got to clean now their feet huh
yeah yeah just gonna run your arms all
the way down his leg click up his foot
ah there you go clean all that gunk out
whew
what is it Carson so we just brushed
them and we're cleaning his feet and
then we're gonna clean the stall and
we're gonna clean three more feet you
got one I'm gonna keep their feet nice
and clean or make sure there's no rock
stuck in there get an image so that way
or we point in the camera hey give me
this one ninja give me your foot
give me your butt give it does it give
you come on give me your foot you doing
a great job
I know he never likes me to clean the
back of his back be okay huh easy easy
there's no dirt
he's all clean now and Carson's got the
wheelbarrow I'm just gonna sit back and
enjoy the horse while the boys clean
this off
you
what you do I can do anything
tipped over on you that's okay you'll
learn we'll get a year sized wheelbarrow
on can learn that way but now we got to
clean this mess up he just wants to eat
good job Carson he ate a roller feel
floured in me taking it down there you
go fresh they're still not the clean you
go bring them all the way in bring them
all the way in and then unhook right
here and hook this one no leave that one
on it's fine all right I'll hold it you
go take his halter off of them the one
he's in his skull right here ninj so
Chad down it's wrong for them and hook
that one there yeah and then slide it
down
oh it's stuck it's stuck
good job common good job ninja you go
push him there you go
he'll nail if you push him down by my
next time we come back on a ride why are
you crying
next time we come back your own ride
yeah why time for Carson you're going to
miss them
Oh we'll come back and see him okay
welcome back and ride you wanna ride em
so much more and maybe we'll give him a
bath yeah they love you big guy alright
so there you have it guys there that is
my horse ninja boys love him right
since I'm stuck waiting for my vlog and
fan art Friday to finish depressing make
myself a cup of coffee and I think since
I have the taste of blood in my mouth I
think we're gonna play some Call of Duty
so I will have tweeted you guys to add
me on xbox sorry I'm only on xbox we
should be playing together right now
that's gonna be fun I put my gamertag on
Twitter and you guys destroyed my xbox
it was insane so many people
request from request from request after
from request after a frame request but
we got to play a couple games it was
really cool and the videos got done
compressing so now they're uploading and
I had to quit so that I could take care
of business there was a lot of fun you
guys weird we didn't record any of it
because we well I sucked really really
bad a couple others too but I can't
speak for them kids at home now yeah
yeah : played a little bit it was
awesome but now it's getting late time
for the kids to go to bed hey did you
guys have fun at the barn or what wow
yeah did you help mommy hmm both great
helpers good good how'd you do Carson
u-turn yes bedtime it's bedtime
alright say goodnight say goodnight to
the gladiators guys night what did the
office Wow yeah this is what I went
through to film fan on Friday I put all
this stuff up here and shot against the
green screen gonna fall out and fall out
This Is It this is my set I like the
acoustics better in here yeah downstairs
it's kind of echoey in here it's a
little more confined yeah oh I fell
asleep on the couch you let me darn you
it's okay
okay I got it Nikhil's got rest we gotta
shoot a wedding tomorrow gonna be fun
so I'm gonna move myself up to bed and
wrap the supper tonight so we will see
all of you guys right back here tomorrow
