yo yo the connection was so bad I'm
sorry I need your face in here I need
your face blonde huh I need I need clear
space here cuz I get a lot of use so now
let me stop Freddie Sam a cloud chaser
yeah I'm allowed to be cloud chasing on
clear just a little cloud chasing clear
oh yeah ask me some questions man so I
can see them I left off on some good
questions I'm sorry I'm so sorry you
guys I'm so sorry I know what's wrong
with his connection
I'm not to play for tonight something
okay I got throw I'm doing how I do this
triangle triangle all right
oh all right hold on Quinn I love you so
much shot me out Janine shout out to
Janine Boyce she uh all right shout outs
a pimp amici a green you're an
inspiration to me I love you I would
come to Toledo miss took to pillow
Mississippi would you I would go
everywhere if I could y'all I saw you at
my job shake shake shake shake that I
got my job the public records wanted you
to jump on my on my seat what the Lord
told me I will lose my job so I set my a
down can I get a shout out shout out to
a che che Courtney Lee sending love from
Tuskegee Alabama we ever thought about
auditioning for American Idol yeah I was
on American Idol
unfortunately copy me
here Claire you don't want to do this on
life here the hood gotta love me I'm
giving off regrets then shout out to
Jaden Dorothy fight against Arthur
Caitlyn make them Caitlyn McHale yair
Xena yo when is no strings gonna be
available Apple music um I'm talking
with my manager I'm out there now hey
Queenie plans of course this is Jenelle
hi Jenelle that was amazing hey let's
say it better that's a Janelle hey you
know that's almost better you're are you
doing boo shut up shut up the damn how
you doin boo for its family we guarantee
it'll be the funniest spiciest reach
you'll see all right oh mama for real
watch it cause they talking mic is spicy
will you tell Claire bear I love him
because he's really for real beautiful
realitor act that she loves you that
you're beautiful thank you
you say you want to play for now you
started oh okay I believe one night
carry my comments on I know you also
want to see me some inspiration I'm a
young single mom you through their hard
work and following your passion to or
the hard times pays off DS Troy Troy
Troy Troy what's your favorite thing
about being a mom my favorite thing
about being a mom is I I just take pride
in it like I get to see something that I
produce what that I've heard of you I
can see something that I produced like
just about the guy like you know I get
to see my own seed just like grow up and
I get to have a family I get to have
offspring you know that's not see when
this rule then underscore wills I have a
question
why was he running from the side like
that crazy right
look what she's doing bro she's running
on the border two part that she can't
even go to turn around please
you know they need to see what you doing
yo look Joey huh look a queen running at
the wall just jumped off the cliff and
killed herself
okay wise woman yo let me show yellow
Queen can you do a prank only say you
don't want to manage you anymore Leo and
Jenice I'm so damn proud of you girl
congratulations on everything
hurry up into a mean green and ACLU
class and Patti love you love you soon
dear Lisa who area we're here Debbie
here uh Mona will you ever do a gospel
album yes I will
I sure will I would because I love the
Lord I do I love the Lord I love the
Lord cry okay um we have the same bday
Shasta Dianna Diane baby girl we got the
same birthday Libra new building
shout out to deja Carter Queen is you're
an inspiration
I'm a young oh wait I think I read that
one already make up a one eyebrows up in
Thai but um think this is the question
for patty and clear um do patty or
Clarence want children you want children
petty will you want to kid around you
wish
patty I'm saying how are you Patty's 24
when y'all think punishing our kids he's
24 at least required by what 30 Claire
say you want kids to find a person are
you serious or what so why would you ask
me that because you're not how how you
assume that all right clear what you
want kids we want kids somebody's all
clarity he do not look crazy just Claire
look crazy right now yes or no I'm
saying I look crazy I don't think you
look crazy
I think you look a spicy might be a
queen we love you how much a stamp or
stay humble I will chose a baby girl
maybe give
I know you're not singing the song that
we sing I don't feel like I don't know
what Oh irritated clear very clean never
has to chew baby I got you Claire feel
like anybody got to know that's the
hardest-working page he'll hear that's
really wild like you could really see
the hard work currently writing a song
me inspiration any tips sing from your
heart that's all I can say sing about
your dreams sometimes sometimes you
gotta go through some shit you gotta go
house for music comes on you kid you
happy Camryn you need them to hear me
right now
you're too damn happy all the time are
you just always in the studio that's it
Elain AKA potato sorry no I don't
understand they wanted me to shower
daughter outside you Jody I tried to
help you
check me out YouTube channel miss
butterfly effect its family vlogs they
don't PCOS joggers and more baby girl
Quinn can you sing something I just do
you guys I just say
can you shine my channel shout-out to
white eggs that Shi Yoshi I get a
reaction to medicine video thank you
love you girl I like to bring you guys
some new orleans how's your fanbase out
here no amateurs like real endo that's
for sure definitely show some
hospitality
you know I Astrid that's what I'm Astrid
um DMC management no mom you see I want
God working harder for you than you have
to choose I really yeah really now
facing mafia raw reaches worth in the
dream team but they can't come on they
do it that should even be a GoFundMe
page that's what I'm saying we'll put
that bucket in there
patty know what he might be doing the
kitchen Teddy I'm trying to make the
biggest YouTube moments happen for you
guys I love spice again hope to meet you
want a shot - mmm uh this team I
reactant medicine ask people to
subscribe my channel Ruben trills
underscore Ruben underscore wills Queen
Clarion Patti love y'all y'all guys are
hilarious thank you for making my day
all the way from Dallas
I am dead no way these series that's not
gonna happen that's not gonna happen
right Patti because you went six months
without no job without asking my mommy
for nothing can I get a shout-out desire
rivers see you you listening to the boss
that's real boss lady queen can you give
a shout out to me Edmond Oklahoma
shout-out to deja Carter come to Philly
for a meet and greet
hey queen love from Ghana West Africa
don't need no shout out happy you saw
this would you be would you rather be
happy but alone or stay in a
relationship we got the challenge each
other every what I wish definitely
double uploading you do not be oh you
have I made more of my tail patty
so patty patty better than Krabby
Patties and love you how you enhance
you're not even listening last night
gotta let me I'm givin out free Craig
well you may be if you do you leave all
in one video
oh you know what I'm challenging myself
you say hi to Patti for me daddy these
people want to talk to you you sent up
here talking what's the challenge I like
that challenge soon honestly this is
what I see is right isn't you know this
is where I can't be trusted
if this is about the slate gets a little
unfair I need to utmost wait are you so
much you so much Congrats on everything
I knew you could do it thank you so much
Isaiah you think my YouTube ever gonna
work I don't know baby I got a look at
you too clearance massages his feet with
meat pies and 7 p.m. every evening
Clarence massages his feet with meat
every 7 p.m. oh my god yeah I'm not
don't even don't give no messages for
Clarence and Pat they're not listening
to y'all don't care
all right um no I care what's up um
don't do that
I care dears patty kids stop it
Claire don't you know what's going on
with you stop it hey beautiful
what's going on here beautiful you guys
want me to be my own boss stay down stay
true keep you desire ha and you can do
anything
I see game having me angry in LA I can't
wait to meet you tell patty I said was
go jasmine Elle
Budi queen you are beautiful inside and
out god bless you spicy mafia come on
down you guys keep rising on how to the
video after filming that gripping and
grabbing clairebear i emojis come to
Hawaii Queen shout out to desi King
blessings
you mean project King Friday's King
shout out shout me out desi can come on
I read o I bring howdy
I say your krabby patty better than
Krabby Patties yo set on Cesaro
read this for all y'all who hatin on
clearance and Queen y'all most
definitely to quit cuz y'all mad cause
she know what she can do to support CJ
Thank You shout outs a giant diamond
Jefferson yeah die may have a my mad
girl
the huh gotta love me I'm giving out
free crack love you Queen start pranking
them love from Baltimore Queen cannot
wait to hear more music I already did
that Queen Oh mister nine-nine I like it
all 999 can't wait to hear more music
yeah absolutely amazing continue being
you Spacey game
Amanda Ria's shoutout Daily Show dia
rule being with others tell the squad to
go subscribe being my channel is called
Ruben well lizard Barlow Ruben Willis
ano these kids is good Peter panting
Peter penita in the back being immature
as hell oh you got Clara whoa
if he go to Arizona Arizona got us one
here cuz we Verena Arizona we kill in
Arizona how do you feel about the table
comments on CJ's page I feel like this
unnecessary unnecessary an immature an
immature where I swear stop it
yo let me get them sent me them free
crack challenges go bum free crack all
17k yeah leave right now
go search free crack forever free coming
now in April
yo this is gonna promo you know sorry
you can obviously see who's the youngest
here first of all you long you can
obviously see the youngest yeah see who
start to pillow fight with three of you
or be afraid to be on
hell yeah this kids not you know Rocha
I'm not doing none of that these kids
now you know roaches if patty-cakes
Trini Coco from Long Island
you know journey you now know what maybe
me four on four on why do you like me
now bomba that kidney tell daddy I love
and I love Queen free quick free crack
crack free crack 2018 you are 3 crack
free class the whole gotta love me I'm
givin out free crack where he cracked
wheat you're out here making a mockery
of my music it's racing we very strong
woman we love you AMA Empire nigga I
think I mother starts nothin cuz niggas
what the head I think people I think
they want the heads they clearly want
these hand you bill me go listen to free
crap
once again shout out some of what
transplants for gripping an ass
thank you for gripping it is you say hi
des mots Nero she keeps yelling at the
screen hide ah what's her name hi she
really a fun name she we're a name oh
good so you guys make spicy gang much
first about we actually working on that
like these two have been taking things
serious guys I'm not make them yo spam
these to spam um tell them we need merch
we need merch we need we you know what I
got three ribs in my jeez like a punk
rock you already know that I don't stop
I hit the top oh and I'm chillin what to
get it well
Oh anything the one never episode I'm
with the flow you don't even know that I
go through with the flow in our region
and
single time I go and I can speed it up
to go it will not with it will will Bill
Nye the Science Guy no do you remember
Bill Nye the Science Guy
yummy my Bill Nye the Science Guy
y'all made my day the other day I was in
a Gary Clarke fresh can y'all shout me
up me the other day I was in a car crash
and I in is we want to glam up you we
want to collab with spicy muffins we
send email what do we do
ciao our Instagram couples on it too
yeah and they Empire baby it might be 30
minutes another 30 minutes though at
plus the 50 she already did well you can
relieve your life with them long because
look is Lenny is 29th idk people must
guard 19k people what y'all doing on
this Saturday night
yo taking off Fanny they wanted to see
that's the name I said I ha ha ha ha ha
that's omelet for real pull up look cool
spicy games hats
I want to make YouTube channels I'm
nervous awesome you need makeup done in
California I got your girl let me know
instagrams on e 101 thank you baby thank
you baby Clara are you tired
our churches I need roads to my leg I'm
with it Patti is not working well I'm
literally putting mags in my about to
slow down these comments free threats 3
crack free threats yeah you know if you
would tasty yo Cody you would tastier on
my leave you a taste of your own xanax
what you don't gots weazened no no I
like these
how would you like your own nigga
almost least I'm great I love you Quinn
you know sadza Brianna read
I'm gonna tell you guys I'm three times
new one when I almost got captured by
pimp and I I swear my leg this is a true
story I almost got caught almost got
captured by 10 we would have been on
your knees streets really with the
medicine really with the medicine you
know what that rester ship who watch the
able you to do that
shut up - TMJ three times it's funny you
know that's how you come in anywhere you
know all right man I gotta get off here
man nah I haven't been home I've been
here are young mother in Atlanta y'all
so much thank you so much man I'm in
