I got a lot that I need to say and I
understand I don't need to address
anything only to explain nothing to
nobody but I'm doing this because I want
to do it it's been like a lot of
comments being said that I really I'm
not agreeing with one of the main things
that's being said right now about you
know me and Claire's friendship is that
he's just using me to come up off me
in that like everything looks like for
cloud and I'm just getting straight to
the point you know because I've done
this video like I started this video
over like five times already I'm not
about to beat around the bush no more
it's a lot of people just saying like
they he trying to use me to come up off
me Emperor cloud and then when you get
his clout and so now you're gonna dip I
just feel like that's an insult to me
and him it's an insult to me because
y'all kind of just saying that I'm
stupid and I would allow someone to do
that even though I have allowed things
in the past happen to me but I learned
from them but like it's almost like
saying that I'm dumb or something to be
honest with you the type of person I am
if I really care about you I will give
and I won't really expect to receive
anything back in return just because I
want you to make it and I care about you
but you know that's not the reason why
he's you know been around me you know or
I've been around him like it's not the
reason this is not a friendship just for
entertainment like no we're really
friends he's a really genuine and humble
person y'all like but of course y'all on
the outside looking in so y'all wouldn't
know but I just want to tell you guys
what he did for me when I first came to
New York right like I was in this place
where I was transitioning and I still am
transitioning I really didn't know where
I was gonna go and what I was gonna do
all I know is I wanted to be more
serious with my music and I just wanted
I just needed a change
I needed a push I needed something and
like it's just ironic how things happen
I came to New York so that you know
me and Claire could meet and I could do
that interview with genius in it so we
could collab on maybe some videos or
whatever and but then I end up meeting
his sister and it's kind of weird
because like he's a very but I'm sorry
it's kind of weird because like he's a
very private person and like for him to
allow someone to come into his house and
like meet his family or you know his
sisters brothers mom whatever like it's
big to him so him alone just introduced
me to his this you know was was
something for me because I personally
wanted her to help me with my
merchandise like for medicine and
royalty squad and you know whatever and
because she has a print shop and she
does his clothing so that's that was the
number one reason why I had met her
because I want to talk business worried
about that but then I had text her one
day and I'm like hey do you know when he
connects like that could help me get to
the next level you know somehow you know
what music or whatever and she has
connections in the music industry she
has clients that are like on reality TV
shows all this stuff cuz she's an
accountant like she pretty much does it
all like she's been in the music
industry before and like it kind of just
happen naturally like I didn't ask her
to be my manager but like and she didn't
ask me to be my manager either just kind
of happened where like I asked her that
she have any connects and she had them
and it's like if he would have never
introduced me to his sister you know or
open up that door I would have never
been in all these meetings like for
Republic Records and Atlantic Records
and Sony and Warner Brothers and all
these people are interested in me I mean
I've had managers in the past
that I barely even got to speak to like
I just signed a contract with them and
they didn't do nothing for me
and since I met her
you know she's done a lot for me like
we've like I've talked to big-time
people and now my life is about to
change so it's not like um he's just
trying to gain off of me and this and
that like like he really helped me in a
way and not only helped me by um
introducing me to herb he helps me by
just supporting me like when y'all see
him at those meetings and my studio
sessions like you don't have to be there
you don't gotta be there he's just there
to support because his sister also
manages him too so you know of course
you know we all gonna be together
sometimes but majority of time you come
with me you know just to be there to
support and I don't mind that and I need
that because like it's it's good to have
people around you that genuinely wanna
see you succeed and see you make it and
I know that's what you want for me and I
want the same for him sama need
everybody really stop saying oh he using
you Queen you dumb you gonna get his
clout and go cuz it's not about that
it's not about cloud I hate that word
and what happened to like just helping
each other and support each other as
friends you know and I feel like if I
don't have a problem with it then you
guys shouldn't either and like I know a
lot of people are really concerned but
I'm here to let you guys know I'm not
that stupid and I wouldn't let someone
just use me best believe that whoever
I'm gonna be around is gonna bring some
to the table to just like I bring some
to the table so in you know he's not
even that type of person he's a very
private person and like a lot of people
just be on the outside looking in and
they feel like they see stuff and it
don't even be true you know so that's
the first thing like I need you to stop
saying use me it's gonna on my nerves
cuz he not we if anything we use each
other then you know cuz he do a lot for
me and I do a lot for him and that's
just that
next um I was gonna put this in a
separate video but I just sided you know
I'm just talking about it so there was a
video I mean that video there was a
picture that went viral of parker
holding CJ and um I got in a shade room
and everything like it went crazy and I
got all these people calling me dumb
because I'm really not jumping stupid
about it on social media or acting a
fool well I'm here to tell you that
everything don't every situation don't
deserve like a crazy reaction it don't
deserve for you to get ghetto and x2
Pinet crazy at the end of the day as
long as nobody's mistreat CJ I'm gonna
be okay like and I realized that you
know if he and Chris are done so he's
gonna if he whoever he'd be around
that's who my son is gonna be around
when he's with him
and if they hold them okay so be it but
if I mean it's long enough slap him
upside head I'm okay with that
but you know people were saying more so
she knows because of what she wore I
guess she had on some kind of lingerie
or whatever but little do people know I
had already knew what she had on before
the video got posted I mean the picture
got posted because I FaceTime CJ like
moments before and I've seen her in the
background and I'm like who was that
Chris is like oh this Park I'm like oh
okay
because they was doing a music video and
she was dancing around or whatever and
CJ was there so she also launched a rape
for the music video or whatever and you
know people went crazy about it and I'm
just like you know as long as I really
trust Chris that I trust him enough that
he went put his own son in harm's way he
wouldn't let nobody mistreat him or do
CJ wrong he would kill for that boy and
people are saying oh you need to get CJ
back from his dad I would never take him
from his dad like that's never gonna
happen so people should just stop see
that too as long as my son is good and
happy and receiving attention and that's
all that matters and I really would like
for whoever Chris is gonna be with next
I would like for CJ in them to have a
good relationship because of course I
wouldn't want to have a bad one if my
son gonna be around them at least I need
him have some kind of good relationship
or my son feel comfortable around a
person just hopefully you don't hear a
bunch of different people you know um
and people just was like all she done
this is dumb cuz she she I wouldn't I
wouldn't did this I would I want to go
beat beat her up for this net I don't
have nothing against that girl she's a
beautiful girl I mean I I don't hate on
people it is what it is it's long nobody
touched my son or hit him or mistreat
him and he kind of way shape or form I'm
good so she's allowed told him I said it
from my mouth she can hold him because
guess what whoever else I'm gonna be
around next if I'm gonna be serious with
them then CJ gonna be around them too
and that's just what it is that's just
how life go as a co-parent person as a
co-parent sir you know of course I don't
plan on being serious time soon but you
know I mean that's how like cool so I
really didn't have a problem with it I
want to address that too um another
thing um people are asking me oh yeah
people are asking me like why I'm not to
my own place and why have I been in New
York for so long and this and that well
I'm pretty sure you guys seen that on
the last vlog I was looking for
apartments and I am looking for
apartments out here because this is
where my team is gonna be this is where
my manager is this is where my teammates
it's where spicey management is I'm
gonna be here I'm gonna be based here in
New York from now I'm gonna be recording
here and when I go record in LA I'm
gonna have someone there and when I go
record in Atlanta I'm having a studio
there and like that's just how it's
gonna go like I'm gonna be here
so I'm currently working for a place I
do plan on coming back to you soon
sometime soon though to get my the rest
of my things and you know I just want to
make sure I have a place on lockdown
though first before I do that and I just
pretty much been pretty much been
bouncing around everywhere had to be
honest like I've been traveling
everywhere if I'm not in New York
I'd be at my my mom's house in Alabama
she I might he just moving hurts Atlanta
because it should be easier but that's
the current situation and the reason why
I don't vlog as much it's because I'm
not just a youtuber anymore you guys I'm
officially not just a youtuber anymore
I'm more than that my whole singer now
like and so there's things that I have
to do differently but I promise you I
will keep videos coming no matter what
even if it takes me like four days cuz
remember y'all you don't just record a
video and you have to edit it and like
do all this different stuff so it's
harder than what you guys think it's
harder than just post it on Twitter or
uploading a picture on Instagram like
you've really got a legit sit and import
to stuff to your computer and edit it
make sure you get every piece you know
right that you need to edit and then
upload it and then it's just a lot
YouTube is a lot so when you have other
things going in your life it's not
always gonna be like upload upload
upload I might just do a schedule you
know where I do certain days but yeah
pretty much my rant is over until I feel
the need to rant about something else so
I'm gonna go to bed or I might do
another video I might do a video another
video tonight I'm not sure but I know I
do have one coming about how me and
Claire met so because a lot of people
been asking they they really want to
know like and I'm gonna really tell
y'all the truth like I ain't gonna beat
around a bush I'm gonna tell y'all how
it happened so just stay tuned for that
and
I'm gonna edit this video and go to
sleep and that's about it
