a Grammy
you truly looking right now looking at
it's real sweet of you
you too if had easily he may be like you
too
we just got inside the office so we are
about to get the ultimate exclusive tour
ah the future wait who are the ultimate
exclusive toy Oh YouTube space look at
this I got dizzy
oh no we're about to get it what
you better get a tour you guys I can't
show everything but I'm sure we'll film
some okay it's so audio room guys this
is the audio crazy courage more concert
yeah right
and we really bought this YouTube like
for real like Sagna we need to upload
you know does YouTube like it's
something serious look at David a little
mini diner we could do skits you guys
this is my this is mine officially like
this is my room every time I come here
I'm gonna come right here I'm gonna get
all my makeup I'm gonna get my purple
glittery makeup bag and I'm just gonna
like sit in here and just blog I'm gonna
do makeup tutorials and I really just
chatting right now cuz I'm lying to you
I'm not gonna do it but um I just feel
like this mirror makes me look so
beautiful you guys look at my little
googly eyes I'm so cute oh good someone
can you vouch for me about you you are
thank you yeah I got to get my face on
this long mariana genius law look you
got Wiz Khalifa right here
she's pretty who is she
back to you cake yeah let's catch this
go ahead keep something right now 32
degrees outside and you can see coming
towards the universe that would you just
say no this is your camera oh I'm sorry
no vlog right now I'm in the studio um
hey I'm in a studio with my two favorite
people
Oh wonderful wonderful
what should make it mark mark so yeah I
stopped logging like two days ago after
the youtubes to you I realized only had
like five minutes in 31 seconds so I
just stopped blogging overall and the
next day was my video shoot so today I'm
starting to vlog over again my voice is
like um update you guys I just made
clearance crime I just made him cry open
your eyes show me your eyes I just made
him cry because he said I'm so in
hilarious I'm sucking on a Ricola right
now on a Ricola
and I say let me suck on this ricotta in
and mark he just got it floored by his
real name is rabbit I call him mark with
some reason so I'm too much for him they
can't handle me too much though man I
don't even get to require cuz my voices
mister but we did sit and strategize
some stuff and like just made a list of
um whatever we need to do um I'm just
really excited about the song about to
drop young I know you guys like have
been waiting on a Medicine video and I'm
about to go crazy damage drop the next
song okay with in awesome um
some chicken and fries you know where's
that ricotta thing you might be on
camera no I'm good
this is Rob you guys so guys this is Rob
aka mark leave my engineer in New York
and um he's done a great job with my I
record I'm not to drop you off um I'm
excited
I just don't pay attention to the bags
and my eyes I need cucumbers we got no
cucumber shopping I need cucumbers for
King Kong
did y'all see how I just talked to me he
said could you talk about cucumbers and
he wanted to talk to me all like me go
cucumbers yeah we can there's not
different type of cupid yes it is well
you know you say like dude we going cars
but why you'd be a mean though
I'm just asking I put your air drop low
so you could get the video all right you
wanna be mean to somebody i'ma show you
i'ma show you mean say hi peel peel you
already been on the camera so you might
as well stop trying to protect you I'm
not the flame you white got on a pink um
never mind next day after the studio
currently in a car right now just got
through reading along contract my voice
is better from yesterday but I still
have to do things the necessary like to
get my voice completely back before I
get back in the studio so while I'm
doing it I just been writing oh we are
headed where to the movies so um I've
still been decided Illinois's I need to
rant about something don't really know
if I should do it or not though or if I
do rant about it it's like I had to find
the right things to say so I don't say
nothing wrong sound like I'm coming off
too crazy but there's definitely some
things on my mind I need to get off but
how keep y'all updated on that
so black panther was really good not
that usual but I don't watch action
movies but
it was pretty good look at you look like
a big orange you'll watch it again I
don't have to see it one more time - to
be honest because we missed the widget a
little bit of the first part but if it's
awesome
I know it's good hair blonde oh it's
cold
you're mad because I beat them in person
if you wore like twice I'll beat him
twice to connect four and he ain't even
left me I really don't really beat up he
really sent up here quiet
not feeling too good how you feeling
I'm looking for caption I gave you a
cat's tell them the caption David okay
he wants to post this picture on
Instagram
and he has an orange jacket today right
we want to post that picture
I told him to put orange you glad I
posted pics like people would laugh at
that there should be joke you won't just
post the caption ugly doesn't wanna I
just want to tell y'all what you can't
look at them some nice easy now you
remember my nigga is happening words
right and then I copped him second so he
just piggyback you know me so he know he
wanted you want to cut my swag you feel
me I got to New York and he didn't know
how to act he just want to cop out why
did you wait a minute why first of all I
know wait these are deprived in New York
weirdos you came in you would like
no we dress at the same time I was in
another room
please tell him about dressing like him
he's just like
how about it what what's better dresser
like me if you did I beat you though
right clear bear
what
where you get that supreme
and yeah I copped it first I think I
know you line is spicy mafia I'm telling
I'm trying to camera off with he's a
liar young man New York is so freaking
beautiful look at that scene this is
beautiful man
