what's that ROI to squash a girl queen
Bunica once again back with another as
y'all can see today I mean like a a
better mood because um yesterday I was
really tired I need to rest and so right
now I'm headed to some apartment to go
look at yes as an apartment to go look
at it
I am in New York how do you know what
they're gonna say
so yeah
so today I'm in a store right now
we had a spat make a quick stop how was
I'm coming here to get a chopped cheese
but they got corned beef and I have had
it have it corned beef and like why do
you say what why every time I get
excited you told me I got a chance I'm
like that's not from here why can I get
excited because what is cool he was like
he don't know what corned beef is you
don't know what a corned beef sandwiches
yeah niggas don't get it here but I'm
gonna get it make is good then Detroit
is the Detroit thing all right I'm in
like a possible future hallway and where
I'll be living in my own place I know
nobody's rule design my own stuff I
don't nobody else cool thing though
aren't yeah so this one is already
furnished he's just like it's already
furnished laughs all right it's really
nice it looks very modern I like the
floors that's a shame doesn't ain't
gonna this stainless to the way I really
like this I like the view I like how you
got you know I was thinking about doing
a little fuzzy thing but I like this the
way that you can see the water and
things like that and
this is like the one bedroom with I
really want a two bedroom but yeah I
know it CJ come with me he gonna sleep
with me anyway so but I really want a
two bedroom I really like this though
mr. closet nice-size closet but you know
I still have to fill out it's really a
nice-size bathroom - to be honest I just
love how all looks so I had really liked
that place but I'm looking at another
place now cuz I just like to have
variety option so this one is a little
bit more like where a lot of people are
where you walk straight out and there's
a lot of people I don't know if I really
like to have but then again all I got to
do is say who do you know you show me on
a ski mask and I'm good so unfortunately
yeah we went in in no one answered
why hold on to what you have to let go
what's the rigid quiet so last night or
yesterday I stopped blogging for some
reason I don't know I have a really bad
habit of doing it after we looked at the
apartments we went to another another
complex to look at but the people they
weren't there so we didn't get a chance
to really look then me and Claire went
to New Jersey to go to this mall to try
to find some Balenciaga but I can't find
mines so I just got some some Chanel
Chanel shoes it looks so nice and they
like sneakers they like running shoes to
look like and then and then like we just
want to eat and then that's it so that
was just the end of my day yesterday
that was in my day yesterday so now I'm
getting up now just now and I'm about to
go get my nails done I've been looking
to get my nails done like so the longest
since I've been on here and I finally I
made a post on Instagram and then cardi
B's lady the does her nails reached out
to me and said she would do my nails so
now I'm gonna be on my way to go get my
nails done by her and um yeah that's
about it for right now yeah wear makeup
again today you guys because I need to
rest my skin because I have a video
shoots on Saturday stay tuned for that
um and I just got to make sure my skin
clear up and everything like that
still got bags on my eyes cuz I
literally just woke up and I heard you
guys that preparation-h some hemorrhoid
cream which is crazy helps the bags
underneath your eyes so I'm gonna try
that and then let you guys know how that
works
get all of the messages trying to forget
all of the stressing cause damn it were
trying to forget all of a secondary
feelings I had man it was scary
um I always just walk into Jimmy's spot
Neil so I am in Jenny's private room
right now I feel I feel good this is her
her private room and then they have a
whole nother area out there what
everybody else is getting to know done I
saw her she can eat and chill and um she
offered me food she offered me drinks so
I'm already feeling good you're good
you've got do my nails she does really
good nails you have to check her out
she'd have cardi B know this is such a
nice picture this is Ginny and cardi B
she do her nails
I feel honored I just got my nails
soaked you guys and look at my little
baby nails are so bad but I'm not to eat
some food and then get my nails done I
don't need a pedicure too and I'm I
might begin my lashes done in the same
place so so one-stop-shop oh yeah
recording
right out there a whole fight because
the one I guess I don't know what
happened but all I heard was commotion
and my finish and blood and this and
that they crazy out here in New York hey
crazy I know I always have to go all out
of my nails I can't have no basic now
they gotta be sure pop especially if I'm
in New York I love that purple in there
to take away the base shows the tattoos
the sweat pants and vein my resting
bitchface is mistaken for the mean girl
oh my god I'm so in love with them I'm
thank you for coming yes especially cuz
she gave my nails I'm so happy if you
guys are new in new york make sure you
come to jimmy she's so good even around
the work and come to me yes are y'all so
I'm looking miss right now my face do
cuz I just was laying down I have I
suppose the longest are practically took
a nap but I've got my last design I want
to get my toes them and I think it's too
late now so I might have to wait another
day but yeah current situation Bobby go
eat again dark outside now like it's
literally dark but it looks nice though
it's not that cold
not that code either oh good morning
royalty squad um I know you're probably
mad at me because I didn't post
yesterday but um when I don't get back
into edit my video like in time I won't
upload the video cuz I don't want to
upload it too late I just got my selves
together and on today should be a really
busy day today is a day I would be
getting in my bag what I mean by getting
in my bag I mean like getting back into
the studio and just 5m by myself and
just like writing more music
I still have songs
I like lined up to record but I still
want to continue to write and just keep
my momentum Russell today I will be
going to a meeting to talk with some
people from YouTube having my video
shoot this weekend you guys for medicine
so I'm really excited about that I'm
really nervous as well because like this
is my first music video and I just feel
like I gotta Nelly
but like the video says so much in
itself and it's just like I don't know
what the world isn't ready for this like
I don't know if y'all ready for it I
don't even know if I'm ready for it
it's a crazy video the concept is crazy
but um I'm just into this vlog now so I
can just uh edit it and upload it
because y'all gonna eat me alive if I
don't forget upload today so I'm gonna
just take this video edit it upload it
put it on private and then release it
whenever I release it that's you guys
will see it but I really hope y'all um
enjoyed this vlog and I will continue to
do more vlogs you know I want to do
pranks too but like I just I've been
trying to steer away from the pranks and
just show y'all genuine me you know I'm
saying but I do have some things in mind
that I want to do people that I want to
pray but um yeah
oh yeah by the way next morning after my
nails I freakin love them they amazing
aren't they just so cute like look at
him I should pop me all right you guys
so I'm about to just go ahead and tell
y'all goodbye why not goodbye goodbye
for now I love you guys so much I love
royalty squad I love how y'all support
me no matter what through thick and thin
y'all watch me grow from 2016 to 2018
and I just really appreciate everybody
who roll with me throughout everything I
love you guys so much I promise but I
gotta go so I'll talk to you guys later
and I will go charge my battery so the
hack of log today
