queen Clarence Florida everybody
everybody got their cameras I don't know
what this is right here we all look at
mine a commandment what kind of meanness
I don't even know oh yeah we still in
Florida if the day after I book in and
we bout to do a collab video we have so
much fun you guys about to eat and stuff
like that
right see squad I'm sorry I haven't been
making videos lately but I've been
having a lot of meetings and having a
lot of fun - what is it it does have my
boy staying home look at the face like
I've been topping off hey are you six
red velvet chocolate cake Brad this is
so nice it says clearance uncle house
this is nice
this is nice this is a perfect like
setting for vlog bruh this is nice
look at look at the look at the trees I
need to get my feet wet when you were
you trying to get in there is war
Claire I'll push you in there Lydia air
you already got the toes out okay I'm
gonna need my toes out to Gary
oh yes she got her white sand up yonder
white toes me and white I mean we go man
if any whitening right right now you
being a wife with the same thing yeah
every much white I guess I'm ready I'm
gonna pull yeah I need to go get a
bathing suit go Baba from Walley Mart go
home today I don't wanna go alright
y'all so we are running inside a target
because we didn't bring no bathing suits
so we want to swim like we want to swim
and set him up here about the happy pull
cuz the food before our flight later on
can't wait
yeah I just jumped in the pool you feel
me this is something to pool and not my
weave is like my weave is no right
you're guys let's go climb some beer
you have to jump in Airy John okay huh
let's go let's go Harry
no I'm out of here
what the hell is that yeah both jumping
in a what
let's see you Dave with your diving game
you dive
let's go Jerry
eh eh okay okay okay
hey what are you busting moves - hey
wait wait I'm ready let's go supermodel
go ahead laughing a boomerang wait wait
wait
okay okay now you can't laugh
no but it's almost right
you've never won baby show me somebody
number one
are you about to get in
you said nope
okay poolside pics okay I see you airy
share like the next year like another
picture
wait the photo shoots all around the
pool patio area
Queen and Clarence
yeah
you think one will be here right here
you guys done with the photo shoot
my body
you're gonna get out to eat it eat song
so everybody is like done swimming if
you got to eat I'm trying to have a good
trip before you go you're on Sagna let
my leave out on the other hand I gotta
go back through it I might just have to
go home just like this to be on it I
don't think I have a time to redo my
hair so right now everybody's upstairs
editing day videos before we go to the
airport I'm so sad yeah I really don't
wanna leave this was such a good trip
but we don't have many more to come
like many many many mean you mean you
mean you mean to be many more trips to
come we finally on our way to the
airport y'all and I'm just honestly like
I think I think what I'm gonna do is
miss my flight on purpose just so I
could pay for another one just fucking
stay
go we are recording in the car right now
about to have a conversation real quick
a quick to be a nice a little bit about
what this is going to be about this is a
debate on the road cuz we only there
working let me alright social media
relations so what you mean like by
social media like what do you think was
your first thoughts on it like social
media like there's some things that you
should keep private there's something
should be should be home can privately
of you right if you and your party don't
have that that trust then I shouldn't go
public with
don't have trust yeah it's like a trust
is a big key but sometimes people like
to not what is it both of their social
media because there's like a little
motive yeah and they tell you that
because it makes you feel like oh yeah
we're pride there you know but really
they just don't wanna know that yet
because Anna Nicole in Massachusetts
it's not a goal I just think when have
you go public with it I don't have that
bond or that that trust your
relationship is pretty much over you
just let especially people like us you
just let thousands of people hate you so
it's like how much I don't have that
trust and I'm speaking from our point of
view from like if you're a social media
have a big following year like you gotta
be careful with that is it then long I
mean like I just don't want I don't want
my significant others posed to me on
social media regardless if we happy as
hell or not
okay
if not I'm super much if not a much let
you pause now you don't have to but it
would be nice to let other females know
like you know this is which I care about
so if I go to my hood right now there's
mad girls with 3,000 followers and I
probably want to talk to the Patti
follow a joint on and on my gram now she
don't have ten K right and then one now
mad let niggas is a Hadiya where before
she was boring as hell and
you guys had such a good trip this Rose
right here actually but suppose but
clearing so it's funny cuz I wasn't
trying to be funny because he got me one
yesterday well trying to give it back to
him he was like whatever I got you and I
was like it broke it was a crazy night
yah so my robes got lost and I got broke
so he he gave this one back to me told
me to keep it you know I got a ping all
right
what with anatomical you were there
because the flavor
- mm I raised expenses
edit the video and
