good morning miss I struck a vehicle way
back with another video has been a long
time a very long time coming since I've
been blogging out because I had a great
piece raised a long week I had a hell of
meeting I'm here with caddy in the cut
you told me I'm here with a bear we are
on our way to Orlando Florida for a
booking and currently right now I cannot
wear any makeup because I broke out bad
before before my booking so I have to
like let my fan breathe because I've
been wearing makeup off in New York so I
don't know if you guys could see the
bump you see that I broke out we're
checking into TSA right now like outside
this morning I'm tired I'm mad I'm
hungry I was taking all day y'all every
single time I guess I'm good smelling
perfume or some good smelling lotion TSA
always want to throw it out I just don't
want a nigga to smell good don't want to
see me go wait for me oh we waiting on
Patti right now over there
patty couldn't get in because he had he
couldn't get in because he had too much
Lube in his bag Vaseline he had a big
blue box yeah he had a big bottle of
lotion who knows what he be doing I
don't know but he had vaseline
lubrication did he play always patty yep
his little beef meat he can't get in we
got buddy lead from Emily just making it
up you on the line but today's the day
off before our booking Claire still
haven't found shoes or shirt I still
haven't found shoes and you know I can't
go in there and untie seat for me so
I've done think about going to give me a
pair Christian Christian yes I read
bottom do me some bloody shoes home I'm
gonna take you guys along with me Claire
why what's the funny yeah I'm so tired
I'm over here husband like 20 minutes yo
you got real tears he gotta be the only
nigga though there's laughing the
airport load as he'll they still on that
penny go watch penny face yo look at he
clueless he'll understand what's going
on Patti
he was 30 minutes
about the pat him down for white though
look deep at the petty but free patty
for him
oh my god finally this is only right
here
Patty's gonna be angry patty clairebear
is gonna be angry bears doesn't even got
his whole foot out usually
and if socks is terrible somehow he bout
to go to sleep honey would you want to
do playing bars here item bar is he
going to sleep with his feet out and I'm
a just
finally after alone two hours
they're asleep the whole time
I was
i endu paddy we're not in Orlando huh
we're not in Orlando bro we landed
somewhere else
but we land it in friggin South Carolina
I'm not
the petty has been pranked
next time we made it you feel me here at
the airport my to the baggage claim and
do you know what we're going to we don't
even know where we going there was
bullshit
Claire say he don't feel sick no more
y'all go seek no more I'm traveling too
much I'm not even sick but I look sick
I can't believe that broke out before
booking this is crazy have a sled before
I gotta wear extra makeup wait what ever
me what is your food every record label
in the country watching you guys are
everywhere yeah we have it we've been a
hell immediately yesterday I ain't get
to do nothing hood niggas so we in this
beautiful beautiful beautiful suite you
tell me like these palm trees easy for
me this is really nice and we got it
look check this out we got a CVS and a
7-eleven right across the street go pull
right up get some Slurpee late at night
you go me so we just got to the hotel
well about an hour or two we'll go
I'm just got dress you feel me we got a
suite so it's like it's like a living
room in here and then day in a room
editing this is a sofa bed right here a
sofa coach and there's two beds in the
other room so we just waiting on area
but like I'm so mad cuz I've lost my
phone so now I go to the mall and I
gotta get a whole nother phone pretty
sure I left my phone inside of the the
lift that we was in or to Oberer before
we got to the hotel but my phone's dead
so it's not like I could ring it you
know hopefully he brings it back but if
not I'll have a whole nother phone and I
went on my laptop and played on lost
phone mode so they defeating somebody
try turn my phone on and get my
information um they can't get to it but
ya know God dress that's much still got
pimples though try to cover it up a
little bit
like roller coasters when our roller
coasters my like water parks want to
pull up to the mom none of us are hoodie
- none of us really have security air
protection so hopefully it's easygoing
we can go in and get what we need this
is a beautiful Molly oh this is great
you bought that going to Nima market
gets twat see that you feel me
so as these was a do cop and petty I'm
prepared Patti's a prepared fat well I
need I'm not prepared so at all Oh we'd
not prepared in pink pan see I'm pulling
up pulling up tomorrow what butt naked
no way you heard it you heard it here
first
Claire was looking at these I don't know
who brought them to him these red
bottoms but I ain't got him in his size
what are these players if CeeLo but I
don't wear these and they flame - what
is all good
hell nah bro would it put this that was
our cousin let's yoga oh yeah you
supposed to go I don't care any like
some yeah
my first my first pair of Saint Laurent
shoes he just pops up my mom he do cops
in state law too
yeah I'll show you guys the shoes when I
take them out so we got chick-fil-a
Jamie with um was about to go crazy it's
all an easy source
then you who I never really liked you
like that yeah because I had at one time
and it wasn't all that good but Claire
said that you try but I put Jerry Jerry
daddy
we said the same thing to me
took away my bro
see how it is today
Seba to change my mind did not
chick-fil-a about this issue I got from
Sailor rod so these is spicy this is
omega D claire-bear
people told me it was expensive but they
my prepared of like you know Saint
Laurent I really didn't know about it
until cardd but yeah yeah I can't let a
young mom mumble you're looking right
looking right I can't let you nothing
moving with a nice seamless
Oh
we're thinking through the days and
night you like a real Brooklyn I'll be a
real Punk niggas like their Brooklyn's I
just yeah watch your mouth Oh
all right again
I don't worry cut everything's gonna be
alright hey people keep talking didn't
say what Dale I don't even know I got
the voice
how'd he do that the vocals vocal patty
vocally that
we would see Apple and honestly I don't
know why we're here already so yeah we
did a lot of shopping guys
and we put a lot of money in
I don't know how I feel about that right
now but we are doing it for baby I know
I'm gonna get my nails my toenails dude
I'm sure you guys are dressed like that
it's like my off-white
they're expensive I never knew about
off-white until Perry told me about it
oh yeah so I'm up to end this vlog right
here and just do a double upload well I
don't know if I'm double uploading today
but I know I'm I upload this one tonight
big day tomorrow my first book came you
know I got a step out so me so I have to
just I had to go all out y'all I usually
don't spend a lot of money like that
because you guys know do you want to go
to the next one no homo he just like to
get his nails clean and stuff like that
I mean it's okay if it means to take
care of the agency so they know things
like that it's okay so but do you want
to go yeah you write em tomorrow
I'll find some earrings and a necklace
they don't have to be totally the
jobless oh yeah yeah all right yeah I'll
sleep on the head back to the hotel
probably edit these videos or whatever
and yeah that's about it so love you
guys and hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
got big stuff coming okay big stuff like
music okay Charlie no
you
