hey everyone I am in the land of New
York City well I'm not in New York City
but I am in the bra is 12 11 a.m. and
I'm here to do a live late-night Q and a
I'm not gonna guarantee that all
questions will be answered because some
things you guys asked are not answerable
on social media so these comments are
going pretty fast I can't really um see
all them they keep won't pass but they
really one show I can't write no
question these are going a little too
fast I can't even read them all these
your friends
we got a
love you queen god bless you child of a
king
shoutout to child of a king I want you
guys at I can't see the questions cuz
they okay clear under mine what does 402
me okay huh
Queen can you check your Instagram DM
please angel and Tyrell I could check it
now but I don't know what your name is
so you got to tell me what your name is
I loved your video clean keep doing your
thing but I really would like if you
guys actually the question this is live
her name
I see questions but they going fast when
is karma dropping what is karma jumping
oh my Tucker inside of my EP or my
dropping I mean why do I love you by the
name of by the way my name is Monica
Congrats on your medicine video I loved
it if you got a super Jimmy why don't
you ask questions for the Q&A let's
collab spicy ramen noodle challenge I
I'm never doing that y'all after Claire
did it and through it I'm not doing it I
know because
because I'm not I'm not throwing up I'm
not gonna put nothing in my mouth they
don't need to be there what it's gonna
make me sick
shout out to jazz crew shout out to
Eminem family
shout out to Angel Trail tour you love
shout out to you - we got a shins okay
let me just try to like see if I can go
through these Oh God what's your middle
name
Naja I feel like I'm not doing something
right
I'm not seeing all of them shout out to
mystery girls shout out to on cinnamon
desire Desiree will you and Claire do
pranks on each other will we do are you
down - frankly I don't know if he's down
to be honest uh he's scared of snakes
I'm really think about pranking him with
a snake would you because you least
expect it Krystle Matthews Queen when is
your birthday and what is your time
my birthday is October 17th and I am a
Libra
shout out to Crystal Matthews did you
write medicine all by yourself
lovely - wanna um yes I wrote medicine
all by myself
love your video keep going shots at
Burrell Lawson how's your Easter queen
honestly I um it's we
like I woke up at 10:00 and then I went
back to sleep and slept until 5:00 woke
up and ate and I really haven't been
doing really anything oh Lord shoutout
to John Todd he's okay thanks for that
John hi you got no questions Who I am a
big fan my name is niala add me on a
snap
everybody add nylon the snap th e
underscore nyan in i ye s underscoring
finally realize that all of one is you
do you think you'll give marriage
another try
now not now of course just a question um
I mean I don't think I wanna be long as
the rest of my life so probably in the
future just you know gotta be careful
next time make sure you know this one be
with him
what was your favorite part of recording
medicine also I'm one of kennis close
friends
oh hi can you Benson um my favorite part
of recording medicine was just putting
my emotions into my music and like the
fact that it was faxed I got stating
facts not just singing um best advice to
getting a new YouTube page notice
medicine on constant repeat um to be
determined you see oh your name your
name is to be determined that's the best
advice to be determined we determine you
gotta be on consistent you gotta do with
you know trending bring new ideas to the
table and to get your YouTube page
notice don't be afraid to invest in
yourself as far as quality um quality
wise promotion wise don't be afraid to
invest in yourself and pay for them
promotions oh I got a mad heartburn what
would you do if your dad reached out to
you after you became superstar that's a
good question
I'll be like hey Dad what's up you ain't
get no money though so now this plan oh
I don't know what I would do
I'll be kind of like happy and scared at
the same time and that was hard on who
is it
Oh what is the next when is the next
part to to truth or dare spicy gangs the
best love you are love you to crystal
love you Oh God
hi I love you and do you flirt with
Clarence that's we ought to decide I
love you too shadows and Cheyenne
turning love you queen love you Tootie
organelle I have an idea with yours on
medicine to honor the kingdom let's chat
about it to honor the kingdom what do
you mean by that clean what made you
start YouTube should I really say the
real reason why I started YouTube yo I
gotta keep it real with them to be
honest what made me start YouTube woulda
never studied I was like I was already
like oh no you already know the
situation it was already on on Instagram
things like that and we just thought
YouTube would be good at least saying
that people was actually being
successful it and it was changing their
life so for me that's fine
hi I know the last livestream you say
you might do a meet-and-greet but now
she said I'm really waiting for it by
the way I love the music thank you so
much yes I'm I wanna do it mean dream
but it's all a process you gotta make
sure everything is on point if somebody
gave you five thousand come on now you
gotta read it somebody gave you five
thousand to kiss clear on camera and
post it on YouTube would you I've been
already kissed you on the love on the
video they see make it ten make it ten
we're on can make it to men's a
Catherine can posted on YouTube um NK
channel you sure they brother make a
GoFundMe yo go make a GoFundMe tonight
go fund me go fund me 10k imagine um if
you get the 10k I'll make them I'm
making these niggas kiss I'm making them
if I see check out making them kiss my
god your your blog camera honestly I
don't know what set is I use my ball
camera program I use the kit the canon
g7x program I guess love the video you
are very tongs that live your best life
and never feel bad about it you went
through the story says what said in
Jilin camera she said a pro program
that's what I put on me I don't know
where did you say program yeah on the
top room yeah shut up Susana Salim shout
out to Jennifer is there any concept of
the video that you would change your ad
to after seeing everyone's reaction no I
want to change anything go out my video
hi Minaya
when you went okay shout out some and I
um let's see was here shout out to
jameelah Jackson oh my god I can't
well they all pop up here sloppy otis
chemo yeah um daddy Celine can you give
can you give us a hint when karma might
come out um sign you you beautiful booth
you're beautiful below watching video
love you too Alex run Meyer message
retracted what sent me a shout-out to I
don't know who'd it with shouts of
crystal Matthew Queen what may just I
think clean and clear I love you guys
can you go say hi back
say hi say hi to shell in Salvador say
hi hi you get a shot at it for tonight
on for tonight all right
Fritz family entertainment bet shout out
to the fritz the Fritz family okay you
are really smart cuz y'all paying like
y'all just sent me $20 and y'all really
paying for shot that's smart to be
honest
sad sad a Fritz family everybody
remember that spicy react with a twist
we told you about its up can you check
it out until this what you think sure
the fritz feeling I'll check it out a
kale implies that I love you and I'm
just singing you and shout out to Kailyn
Plaza I'm not finishing a lot of these
sentences your job your hobby blacken
sad so clean now yo I got the money come
on go from you this they serious I say
watching your videos never miss one you
and the spicy gang you're so funny I
always look for CRV let's come down to
Miami why don't we go to Miami on yo
Queen why don't we go to Miami we have
to plan and not be like Jennifer Capote
do you do your clearance play fortnight
it's okay you played one one game on ps4
username Joker two three four oh one
also when can you do a meet and greet
ato soon shoutout to ebay henna y'all
should do a couple's tag we did the best
friend tag how do you compromise in a
relationship without feeling like you
are giving up your own individuality
love you Queen okay that was Maya Stipe
how do you compromise in a relationship
without feeling like you aren't giving
up your own individual
that's a good question how do you
compromise in a relationship without
feeling like you're giving up your own
individual um Wow why could I answer
this Claire you are in a fortnight he's
getting real Claire don't care about the
life at all he just playing for tonight
okay it's on you like that's all I'm
saying people see how facing a
background how you just ignore me
it's all good Patti how about you answer
this question how do you compromise in a
relationship without feeling like you
were giving up your own individuality
never be scared to be yourself your
partner can't accept you and love you
for being yourself you should be what
self you shouldn't be with them hot body
with the great answer of the night love
you
free crack out now culture you supposed
to be accepting my space here yeah thank
you we said I all right um yeah there
you go
hi guys I just hit a cake come and join
the family
shout out to Dido will you still post
blogs if even when you come bit more
become more involved what you're
thinking career yes I will um I'm
actually looking into hiring someone to
come like record me and where I am
wherever I am because um it's kind of
hard yeah can you give networking tips
that's better for clarity answer he more
of a business businessman but once he
stopped paying attention to fortnight
and he could do that but he's not going
to no time soon so um Queen Olivia he
shot me out Instagram um um Mia in iah
underscore 154 shots and Miah Miah Miah
Miah
cute wait what's this you should try it
you also try to come to my school
winston-salem State University Eureka
Williams shout out to you baby girl you
have six million views how does that
make you feel Queen can I get a shout
out shots and Deirdre small underscore
three the small family um it makes me
feel important because like I really
didn't think first off medicine would do
that good put the video like I mean for
it to hit that much in like two days or
three days that's good come to Cardozo
high school Queens New York
shout out to draw on me and my better
shots of Kyra Burt what is this for you
how is it making medicine video was it
accurate with you and clear since y'all
got heavy spicy what did also steps with
with it awesome what steps did it take
to start youtubing it oh my was that
awkward doing a video clear I've been
around clear plenty of time so it wasn't
awkward um like I said like I said
before with just started YouTube just be
then and you gotta work your way don't
be afraid to pay for promotion investing
yourself make sure your quality is good
make sure you have some kind of
personality don't nobody want to watch
boring people no one wants to watch more
people you can't be boring you either
gotta have a crazy laugh or like
something um stay positive and keep
grinding Thank You Jay for real shout
out to you shout out shout out to Leslie
Sepulveda I don't know how to pronounce
left knee shout out to you
shoutout to auntie do hey Queen you are
a beautiful spirit love your strength
God always blesses the humble what is
your next step into singing to sign Oh
me and my freakin leg you like my socks
gotta have good socks
I rent that from the best why he look
like that clear
Claire's the best he taught me how to
find good socks and good feech yo - yo
chill
what are you doing sure that's a nice
shirt on you daddy why I'm looking
Highclere oh I'm missing out on messages
and everything huh how you feel about
girl-on-girl what so royalty got a shot
um I'm not I don't roll that way but how
do I feel about girl girl um
I mean sometimes can everyone um yeah
we're gonna keep going shouts util glad
you're in my seat you get your beats off
youtube no I don't not anymore what
eduardo shot see you OMG quit you're an
inspiration meet and greet in San
Antonio
ciao - Ryan Ryan Thomas Queen much love
respect been watching your girl for a
minute and take care of clearance and
Patty I will I sure will
shoutout to astrid h me and my lord on
my lord learn from the best I learned
from you dude she do if only I could see
all these comments is how do I like
click off it
how do I click off of your clear oh I
see gangs work posts news it oh my god
Matt my baby's gonna I knew my transit
oh yo y'all like my fashion Oh jeans you
can't you can barely see how
