back with another video and I'm here
finally with my grandma and my mom you
have to do something real crazy
something that I never seen no one else
do maybe y'all never seen nobody else do
it either but I'm doing a smash for pass
my grandma mom I'm gonna try to like be
fair and go more into people around
their age you know I mean but you're
wrong man but love you mom and grandma
will smash or pass okay we gonna see
what your type is mom we don't think
your type is a permission to do this by
the way she had permission from her
husband she didn't want to let y'all
know that because she's such a wife leha
wife that he wife wife now I'm single so
my grandma singles so anybody up there
that's fine looking real nice and honest
man so very first contestant here smash
for bananas
Denzel Washington
drama you know answer e yeah smash she
goes smash up mm-hmm what does he 555 oh
my what about you know I wonder
are you serious mom everybody loves it
so much I know
so while you pass on you just like they
might say I mean you I don't know what
everybody always got the name and number
one top right you may know do their
watched I mean but he just thing got
that he ain't got that manly back he got
that manly vibe you want it to be boy
Eddie no I ain't bout the ball head and
I bought the hair so what is it about
him that you don't like mom look at him
I mean I'm like a man man
so hinata mentally manly like man like
hmm got with you guys as age
I probably smashed until Washington help
yourself just because he's manly end up
to me you know so and then a waiting act
in his movies he got their little that's
Eric any girl thing sure oh you got that
cheddar say okay
he got it had it too okay you gotta go
next to ask me hoops together and my
mama she get it from Obama would you
smash or pan uh-huh Chris Tucker Chris
Tucker
and why because I want think he just
goofy he'd not know like sexy I can't
picture myself with him doing things
it's lucky to be on top of you would you
pass this minute past for me yeah
how I smash yeah he's nice-looking and
he's funny and if he's always got
something going and I like it sort of
attitude okay I know you love me it's
okay would you smash your face now mom
I'm sorry to tell you this but I
wouldn't be the one smashing telling my
why you say that
I wouldn't either
whoa wait a minute let me show you this
one finance me issue oh I was serious
bad yeah
ask me why what I love that accent
did he get a mom why would you why would
you mess interest our game cuz he tall
he's fine his legs and his complexion
his oh you like the manor you like in
chocolate of course I like a chocolate
so you like this no I can't do my skin
doesn't my skinny girl though but the
thing is dark dark men are busy sexy
dark huh Bobby Flay is nice right I'm
dominant yeah it is soft silky like
dominant colors yes chocolate silky
smooth yeah would you smash or pass more
shipment Pez
I was mention him he's so fine pinky all
today oh he look like a brother a
brother yeah you got those features that
jump out at you you have to hurt me he
played a nun oh he played that what we
do here by the window yeah but he also
came back with your bad Union hooked it
up in oh I'm she thinking hard about
you know I don't like them I don't you
don't like it say I was trying to think
of one to give you because I really not
tell you what life's getting man all
right you think it's your turn yes
here's how if he was wouldn't I like the
lucious character I like the whole flow
to what I liked it rich kid that's why I
live my sonnet an amazing that beautiful
that's why I need my food serious no I
like it that much
so that's where you get the name of that
would you smash four paths there anyway
no I'm faster than any thank you what
would you miss pressure it was magic let
me look at you already played nice movie
70 it's a nice little chocolate chip but
he look manly don't like you say he do
you got that look okay mom you go ahead
boo mom would you smash your past child
David Washington movie playing oh nice
she's an American actor uh-huh
and a former American football running
back he played college football at
Morehouse
oh yes yeah I'm definitely smashing it
and why because he's a nice chocolate
means with a nice man with a beard and I
love me I love me some beer right yeah
and those teeth that gotta go with it
you know ya ain't got about pearly white
teeth gotta go yeah nice muscular news
about some Grimm I will pass that one
grab I'm serious I'd rather hear in my
face high-nosed move in your face hmm
would you smash four pairs Ice Cube are
you asking I'm asking both of y'all
y'all bitch
you've met you why cuz he manly I mean
he got that you know that I would smash
y'all see Ice Cube said they want to
play it on they're not interested
I think I already like them white collar
work what I go in I like the ones with
the tithes quaintly pretty boy job
that's the key right wing is like a
grandmother clean oh yeah they like only
like sure bakes they like the pretty boy
white collar pretty hair you leave out
the money like legit blegh I have some
brains isn't your hair okay you gotta be
you know mom me to be KBL like me I
don't like them yellow yeah I didn't say
yeah they'll be mob that'll be yellow
they could just be like tail color Danny
Coale yeah just a little bit darker than
me yeah like us we do have a nice color
what a beard yeah I can do yellow
because I love with my brother
yeah kind of me I'm making out okay
oh I know y'all but like this one Oh
would you smash or has chadwick boseman
mm-hmm James Brown James Brown you play
James Brown I don't want to waste living
with he's not we don't like the way he
play James Brown but like to Shadwick
over like let me play James Brown and
Willie Brown I just I just think okay
I don't like that old naturopathic
doctor drink I never didn't like him I
like his voice yeah hi can I pass him
his for this one he want to be hard
like a lemon you a lemonade he's - he's
too controlling even looks controlling
very controlled
you know why attract like this smash or
pad some are born to win it please
I'm like with you just wish this place
look squishy squishy fish like to match
that his features are smaller than his
head yes way you know one of them filter
mask or pad the Wayne John said the rock
oh no no I would definitely pass him why
he's - he's too bulky he's too muscular
he's too everything is too big its feet
really big so oh my god big like big
muscle again no I don't like guys that
have big muscles and workout did you
take steroids I don't wanna you probably
know just measure peasant smash you room
I don't know I had to pass I wanna smash
me oh hey - country smash or pan
Omar tips the one that played smash
smash smash it he just got them baby my
eyes like they just they just call you
out would he look at either he got
either to call you a name gotta call you
the younger version but not the reverse
yoke you quit right here
that is how does because I think I know
here on his face he shamed
any man that said they here okay yeah
yeah oh good he was young those are eyes
with hi everybody not you yeah we all be
we all be neither Wesley Snipes pass you
know what communism pass him you
wouldn't I think he should have played
with me and that would be instead of
Queen Latifah
I'm just bright really custom only just
well why can't he bought it it's okay
he's cute and he's Tony slam
mama what you don't like a baby's got
class I like men with Klan what you
don't like about he's got class he's
square here he's queer
I mean he's Boris Kodjoe magic as Boris
Kodjoe should are gonna get past this
21st but he is fine I was named you to
pretty high pretty much you know the
main thing that we always all us have to
you know I don't everybody look when my
man wake up in the morning I was
something pretty to look at oh man
all over the smooth skin and to face off
he was not rough I want a man yeah all
right last one okay smash forecast LL
Cool J pants because if you take that
hat off
ugly is so wrong his lips are too big
for his face
wait let me go look at him - please do
LL Cool J with no hand no and let's see
yeah but he's got this big big mouth
look at that big mouth
it's bigger than his face he kissed me
and take my nose off and my mouth the
same he look like my big toe what so
what is he Oh
that's why always Moorhead give it a go
at the moon
he's from the moon see oh you like a
bagel I can't let you looks like that
guy you try to put me with him
yeah I do he was looking at you like
come here like that you know me that
always work in their body like magic as
future mom no I want to dress us mission
what about Samuel j6x
interviews like they did so what's he
just called no no not that no don't say
it no it's nothing
I'm just saying would you say mouth
about a sixth interview let's get like
sex interviews little go like job
interviews that would come in you'll
fill out application I'd ask your
questions and they'll ask you you you
know appropriate for the job what if
they had sex interviews like they do
we're going employment interviews what
do you mean like to see you appropriate
first interview Oh Mike I'll be there
even things like
yeah let me create an interview for that
yeah would you do it okay
first we think I'm gonna say what is it
I don't know well would you ever be a
fifty Shades of Grey
I would I like that movie yes I would
independence so I could be able to take
it but don't go to control you know I'm
saying no that's Kukui go go you know 60
real good and you want him to tie you up
cuz I got real kinky and then he took
the belt and started beating you he was
crying
getting you on your foot with that belt
little hard a weed you want to interview
for it just up in here
how so sorry for you you know why cuz
they be hitting you with the bells you
get here's like a hero
please say huh will person eat your ass
neck miss Queen grandma dealt with
somebody already sorry everyone softly
no
let's have a girls time all right in
this master pants I hope y'all enjoyed
it my grandma is something else my mom
was a freak my girl's a freak
so now you know why fit in the box below
did you think I was a freak mom's a
freak or square no I like the free mom
like man we got on my mama to be
dominant does not mean he has to be
controlling me did you get into control
in the right place put you in place we
need put in other work no no no type of
minute take over the situation we're not
gonna use not gonna do this you not
gonna do then I think we'll baby put
your feet up I gotta hold up she ain't
got I asking you if she don't want to
I got this cuz you can't be with your
mom if you want to talk to me you better
have you on the play shit okay
you ain't nothing going on Gabriel 50
take 50 there's some house if you come
bro y'all something new a joke someone
could you come broke you with joke yeah
okay so what do y'all think about might
get you a better answer questions she's
doing RN degree so wait what do you guys
think about me that do have potential
but they don't have a lot of money at
the moment but they like sounds like you
know somebody broke in this Annette like
is it really all about well you guys I
wasn't with me
it wasn't about money okay so if I were
to because you think you might illegal
money well yeah because yeah you should
we'll put it like this if he's a nice
guy and he looks nice
and he and he doesn't have a lot of
money would you find him a good job you
know because money is always a problem
in a marriage if this was like I got
more than you but you don't have more
than me it has nothing to do with all
that it's about that we have to work
together what we put together we can
make it work but you don't nobody don't
have I'm saying like you know if you've
got somebody and they had everything and
say they had a hard time and he had a
downfall I think maybe I'm fired for me
job I don't come like that kinda like
you just give up and like yeah this is
over
and I'm gonna speed again I'm talking
about a do-nothing I really don't have a
car
my car's in the shop never had one I
don't have to have a license what is my
getting some kind of check full but for
changes his dad's diapers or you know no
that means he a distance just somebody
they put an elated age by his age at
least five thirty you should have
something going on but no driver's
license no car look at your mom get yeah
that's what I call but you know what how
long you been in that situation you be
in that situation one minute
but ten years don't thinking you are
doing good baby I'll give you my whole
bridge card yeah we win but I'm I said
now except don't pay no bills Jojo
really
I asked on a date and you know what
you're really very sorry that one I have
I'm I knew really nopales name it was
really nice guy he took me to been a hot
Benihana for the first time see he took
me on my birthday he wanted to take me
out of my mark did you drive yeah
whatever I see if they grabs me he asked
me he asked me oh I won't take you I
don't know they are taking me show you a
good time for your birthday not gonna
take you to Benihana but how long do you
have to be I'm gonna get because my car
is down right now well I'm single and I
don't support a very good sweet guy I
like the doors open for me in the car
and shut that shit early she lives with
me and I need to get my own door then I
probably have to pay my own bills but I
get with you I'm already married and I
love my husband very much I was just
doing this because the Queen wanted me
to stand down not perfect but we came a
long way from where we was and I think
iPhone we learned to love each other and
we learned what not to do what are just
like if he would he don't like and I
don't like we learn to be fair and work
things out especially for the sake of
our kids yeah and never take a man naked
never take a me alone for granted that
you'll always be there if you got a good
woman keeper he's got a good man keeping
but I don't think they're gonna be there
forever to keep mistreating because let
me tell you sir there's a cleanup when I
see a woman - she's gonna take all of
those we could leave we got the reason
why I know so much about because she
picked up a man around
yeah yeah we must listen at the time
station off the camera all right love
you guys hope y'all enjoyed the video
