how do you feel about that can you
handle a little stretch marks and get
back with another video and I have my
special friend here your boy Clint and
why is he I don't know why he always
likes to be like in the camera like that
I think he does I can be seen he reacts
my skin you like skin is that usually I
would be up there in China but i'ma let
him shine so today is this video he
wants something what is gonna be turn on
turn on and turn off I thought it'd be
pretty like interesting because like you
can hear from a guy's point of view it
from a girl's point of you I wrote don't
like for turn noise and like for turn
offs so we just kind of go go back and
forth some turn Owen doesn't turn off
because I needs to know I would like to
know like my girls okay I hope you can
see me well I'm so yah I'm so tired as
hair so it just reminded me of a broom
well I don't want to stand up in this
video cuz I feel like you just taking my
spot he wants to see nothing I see how
you look great it was it yeah with you
Missy
like that stop get excited okay so you
know first we're gonna start with turned
on as I turn off I think we should start
off with just do bad and good my first
turn off with me when a girl is like to
inter so I want a girl like conceited
yeah like one yeah I'll be using those
captions like I'm a bad like I'm a bad
beat you don't like when girls have like
my confidence
nah not confident and to ichiya so is
two different things so if i put a
caption and sometimes i'm a bad beat no
not receive it I'm not saying well
that's a bad caption anyway yeah anyway
cuz I'm gonna be like if I torture a
person you all you could do is like talk
about yourself you talk about yourself
and like how you look and I you could
just tell about above like if you what
do you feel with my good way of how do
you look like one looking good in her
oranges honey look peer you might I just
different I'm experiencing for what I'm
saying is like give me an example just
and general life we just chillin and you
like like damn I'm a bad bitch like you
got a shit like would say that very good
I'm from New York Queen these girls talk
just like this oh dude like needed some
of them I saw one of my main turned off
with the guy I'm get a little closer for
this and this is true facts for all
y'all listening guys that are shallow
like that look at every single thing on
a female like that can't handle stretch
marks or a little cellulite you feel me
or low some something I make you look
natural you feel me if you so shallow
you just I don't know it's just a
turn-off like it makes me feel like
you're immature you know when you're
grown man stuff like I'm good you know
if I take off my clothes and you see
some cellulite you say oh like I got my
room
was gonna say niggas are shallow
nobody's gonna say hello no one that you
oh but they're like don't talk about it
like to you it was a me or a homeboy how
do you feel about that can you handle a
little stretch marks in yeah that's
that's that comes with the did natural
did natural body I thought you bad you
bad maybe you look good you look good
how you gonna look good oh my gosh you
got stretch marks best Coney or or like
she's cute but I'm like her nose I know
this yeah I've never disliked it but I
feel like all girls do that what do you
mean like about other girls yeah my god
do that about yes about myself
yeah like girls will say oh I don't like
my nose or my right she can't make it in
my left cheek I'm guilty for that
sometime because we our ears is better
than the other one like you know we
looking at like cuz we see ourselves
more than you guys do and like we look
in the mirror every day it's not sure I
look in the mirror every day too and you
see what I mean well you might not
haven't you
well you might feel like you don't have
any flaws or something it's not about
flaws it's just Ikes I've accepted Who I
am
it's not gonna change Claire look at me
you're not gonna change
you can't look I know we can't change
what I'm just saying like you're 20 if
you look in the mirror right now what
flaw can you really see me readjust so
what do you mean you can't say anything
you know like you don't I can't see
anything
okay well but I can't with myself where
are you chin as little petty stuff that
girls worry
well you guys don't care about machines
and things like that have you had a
problem falling in a nigga
no okay a girl that's two mixi you know
that it you know what makes you is cuz I
said New York word know what is mixing
he makes his way like she's everywhere
like now if they don't got to be with
niggas like she's just everywhere she's
in every club she every spot she had
every event like a club properly like
she just she live a life like this mixie
like she would she would this crowd she
was this crowd like she just never miss
anything like I don't like that why oh
no I just like like laid-back
yeah like Spain a crib like go read a
book
oh okay why are you gonna do what you do
what do I do
I don't go what do I do I don't go out
you made me so mad
what do I do you should stop I guess
that's right a custody I mean it's like
I wouldn't like if I was a bad one like
a girl it just always in a Colombian
that's like it's not gonna be boring
sometimes ladies as I'm saying that and
then and again it's like if you 24 by
you you you of age and you still
grounded in the club grinding which
means like granule Brown come on are you
25 like let's do me like that says grow
up but you gotta work on yourself a big
big big turn-off for me
big big guys that are disrespectful to
their mom if you just respectful to your
mom what makes me think you're gonna be
respectful to me I love a nigga who
loved a mama like if you love your mama
know your mama knew trade is so good
like I just know that you have a soft
spot in your heart for me too if I
become you know the person you win yeah
it just shows how she raised you and
how you treat it but if you
disrespectful to moms I can't be with
you honestly just respectful all-around
like to your mom's but to people period
like if you can't if you can't like
spread love if you always just like
talking to people in your kind of way
you're rude you've got to cut any other
sentence to people yeah you got another
treat people you gotta know how to treat
people and so you can bring around peace
somebody I can bring home come on if you
disrespect walking bring you once a
month
I can't yeah I ignore ignore the ads it
have a UI I'm okay I this is gonna throw
a little thrown off a little bit and you
pygar carrying our girls are booked now
I know what disagree okay go ahead and
bad with me all right my belly woman
that are you know I'm gonna explain
myself
okay that's gonna sound crazy it plays a
woman that is so conscious every woman's
self conscious I know that's why I said
it but what I it's how you deal with
that self-consciousness that that
matters okay you know what I'm saying
okay explain more is why you could you
could you could still be self-conscious
I feel I can be confident totally yeah
yeah that's so that's what I'm saying I
think that's fine that's fine well like
when you're self-conscious and you just
like like always talking about soon
while I do a like like that
I'm saying when you big yourself up and
making for me like you so basically you
want to grow this in the middle like not
to happening but not to like
self-conscious yeah Wow I wanna I wanna
grab nose like not eyes but notice she
that she like she like she's a good
woman that she looked good I wanted to
know she look good well I mean but like
you gotta say life she what do you have
our days no like some days like for
example with me some days I feel like
I've been looking bad as you it some
days I'm just like huh today is not my
day my hair is not right I don't like
the way my profile looks I like the way
my makeup looks today I mean there's no
rock but that's like a little but people
will call it self-conscious if I talk
about it like if there's a day where I'm
like oh my god I'm looking
mom are you self-conscious you is I
would say that's so precious
yeah that's how conscious oh no I would
say that too but that's not where that's
not their self-concept to like you're so
kind that's like it was an everyday
theme though yeah like every day you
sing ugly I mean some days Wyatt like I
said I feel like I look good you know
I'm gonna take selfies all day cuz I
know I look good and then the other days
I feel like this is just a badness yeah
you've gotta learn how to balance it out
so basically a girl that's always
self-conscious yeah basically I should
have put it like that you should have
said always self-conscious because
everybody's gonna have something and do
my karate so much you were you know all
right I'm gonna go next this nice you're
probably worried that
mmm Campari where'd it go ahead
don't tell them
why do I do you just said it because I
want you to reword it say it no now it
sounds like you're telling me what to do
oh I'm not I'm just thinking I'm like I
just gave nothing let's go ahead tell
them I was always talking about girls
that are always self-conscious ladies
please don't get mad at me and I start
coming at me okay please and leave
yourself make sure you guys love you so
you should always love you so love
yourself first like that's what I'm
saying you love yourself
that's gonna show I'm just gonna show
I'm talking if you love yourself in you
not and you confi is gonna show well
you've been saying what word you feel
the Bob
you know what you're gonna make this a
little bit longer but can I just put a
look in put sometimes a girl can be
really confident right at first and then
they give what the guy and I'm not
throwing any kind of change so please
y'all don't think this they can get with
a guy that will break them down so bad
like a guy they love so much and I get
that
and the guy will break them down so bad
and make them feel like nothing and then
when they when they join and overweight
the girl she goes away and she feels so
conscious because the person that she
loves so much
didn't like to go that way I mean but
this times we can't really help it
because we do go into the relationship
loving our self first but then it just
you know changes but like why does it
change do you guys say it only changes
because you love it you let it
who let it you gotta say you you ladies
let it you got a point but y'all have a
big impact on I understand I get it I
know that for a fact I know that
Thanks all right yeah everybody's
beautiful everybody's beautiful if you
have I heard that you're beautiful today
you're beautiful okay everybody
beautiful listen to mr. spicy young I
turned off to me it's a guy who can't
cuddle who don't know how to cuddle in
always talk about sex
like that's how you think about if you
can't cuddle with me like and we don't
need to be together if you can't call me
why are you looking like that because
that I didn't know there was a technique
to cuddling how do you don't you know
how to cuddle guys don't know a lot of
guys don't know how to cover they don't
know how to hold the woman like if you
don't know how to hold me I feel I mean
I guess yes guys yes I guess why because
you just holding them like you gotta say
there's does there a certain type of way
that girls like to be oh no some guys
just don't hold women mind don't know
how to cuddle or like all they do is
like think about sex like you don't know
how to be like what's the word again we
don't make this a little longer -
because I have suddenly say now what
again again again
why don't men know how to cuddle why do
I do they always think about sex and not
time yeah lettuce what ya lettuce if we
ever niggas can feel comfortable just
laying in bed and have sex with you and
I told you didn't then why is he new
clients are you guys you said that
happened in girls yeah it does happen
occasionally you saying like she don't
give nothing else to offer basically
what I'm saying is yeah give it I gotta
give mineus right a reason it's not a
reason but tell that nigga what do you
like what do you mean what do you what
do you mean tell them what cuddle me
yes like a wouldn't it's like I'll just
like to be like hey lovely girl be one
in a moment
build one out is not something is bill
no like some best brushes from Nick
niggas don't know some niggas just don't
know how to cuddle
it's not about cutting this isn't they
don't show affection
so we teach the model infection exactly
my life Ambu if you can't not know no
man is gonna be perfect but you find a
man that you can stay you love you can
do it and build him up wanna and
teaching the Abby whining a man to just
come along with not because you're good
you hate a man I can't cuddle what if
that man don't know how you never see
his sister get cover
niggas don't be knowing which I would
sit there every day and accepted with
complain you made a really good point
otherwise you may learn lady I can't
argue back with him I'm just saying if
you a grown man I'm sorry you don't know
how to hold me by then I found out all
I'm saying I'm a grown-ass man
and I feel like I have a burn there with
I'm still learning so you don't know how
to cuddle my cuddle unless I think I
could cuddle with if it's a official
girls are like that
I could do that with I feel like I could
trust and do that with it I do how do
you trust someone to cuddle with my
mother should be kinda lovely no no girl
like just any old girl right thanks
alright next I mean I think I'd another
turnover the one like a girl doesn't
have like much going for herself like
she's not really doing anything like
noble yeah like she did like even if she
missed by even if she just works like
like what is like what do you like to do
you never Sam I just other than going to
work everyday like what do you like to
do like what are you spending your time
with like right cuz let me was just like
how do you which word just like they
work some work no ratio thankfully and
it's not even a nine to five thing is
you see if you do an act and have like a
hobby or something like you like to
paint a draw you like - yeah I'm saying
like do some I just feel like you gotta
have some kind of aspirations it kind of
goes that kind of motivates me I don't
buy that don't motivate me right it's
quiet thanks me neither you can't
motivate me and push me you don't want
to see me shine yeah you want to see me
shine I can't I mean cuz if you want to
see me shine I want to see you tonight
even if you don't want to take your time
I still wanna see you shine I'm just
saying though you don't ask me Sean I
can't be with you let's try to wrap the
show okay moving on to turn on turn on
to me like a guy that makes eye contact
with you when you talk I think that's so
succeed while you're you cannot do that
you could look at me in my eyes and talk
to me about something nice like I do
that cuz that's that's very important I
mean I'm not saying it's important
I was taught that I was young you know
you move like your chair oh I was um I
was taught that as a kid like that's
just respectful is respectful but it's
also like very mature word yeah yeah and
it makes me like it just makes me a
little ski by scared you might be safe
scared like scared like I want to be
scared a little bit like I'm at this
game beauty
oh yeah I think that's sexy because
they're not mean to make eye contact
when you making love to oh so you think
in five steps ahead girls think five
steps in I'm just thinking girls were
meaning again and picture how he looking
like like a wedding tux like yeah be
doing shows yes I do
Mami's much valued by the table but we
but come on let's do this okay okay okay
my goal right when a girl could like
take care of herself like an mido like
cuz like I'm with like cuz I'm gonna
take care of you for me like have you my
shawty imma take cares like I need to
take a cab to lady for me I work a lot
so like massages and stuff and like she
gotta take care of herself too like with
the nails and you fill me in the stuff
massages
yeah like much like just taking you she
gotta know how to take care of cook like
this overall yeah yeah okay that's like
a lowest part nowadays so yeah that's
good okay um guys that care about
cleanliness of like things like nails
sax lips you know if you're just
Christian white know um teeth like those
things matter you guys think just
because you guys are our men you gotta
just walk around to try to look like no
show me that too clean
to a mr. it shows a lot of maturity
can't catch me slippin Oh your nose
actually pretty much you can't catch me
slippin good all right go ahead a
turn-on I think when it when a girl is
spontaneous that's eternal spontaneous
is key
I'm telling you if you want to spice
your relationship be spontaneous I don't
know where your life like mine like
sorry not like it only man it could be
like it can be spicy but it don't gotta
be you don't if you come home and you
got like a movie now you bring home a
movie and man candy or something like a
that's just like party that spontaneous
or like it's not written without me but
it's like well a woman brings in like
cuz honestly I was thinking Balkans this
is really weird
I was thinking some um some like canvas
and some paint at Target today and just
being that's martinis right yeah if we
play home I got a new thing that's lit I
thought you liked this video it's going
to turn on turn on okay we almost done
but okay guys that opened doors for
women and that's Jenna ma'am you can't
open door for me you must have seen my
video you must have seen my video or I
only have seen a but I'm just thing and
that's still like a turn-on like and you
open a door with me that's such a Jimmy
I love that I don't know I don't even
think I have to speak on now yeah
he opens doors you know I feel about
that
my mom will literally slap me mm-hmm
if I ever like let a girl like for me
no matter even what age what I mean
willing to take initiative is very
attractive in a woman I felt like a lot
of woman just lay back and just let the
men do everything like and it's just
he's almost set you know I don't have to
be certainly everything like oh hey what
do you want to eat today
oh I don't matter anything now that's
like an old being we got to go to you
for me like exactly today we're gonna do
this like be you know saying to make
plans to they don't always that's gotta
be the guy yeah okay I could take us or
go to places take us on days fill me
little shit that matters mr. trek okay
yeah girls can take guys Monday before
the camera issue of what a little bit of
independence boy a show in depends is
good okay last thing guys that pay
attention to very small things guys I
notice things like it could be a
smallest thing like um I don't know like
Sony was looking at yeah you're like now
using even mention yeah it's like I
could just be looking at something and
you noticed like two hours later and I
was looking at that like that shows you
pay attention seem like knowing what's
your favorite color
yeah you know like Mott was my favorite
color in and was my favorite movie and
what's my favorite food do you know what
kind of sauce to give me on my chicken
nuggets
okay like pay attention those arts one
turn ons in turn off but the cameras
gonna turn it off they came by the
turnoff
you
