good morning ray squad it's a girl queen
being a cup once again back with another
video it's a beautiful beautiful
beautiful morning in New York City baby
well I'm not in New York City but I'm in
New York right now and currently just
got the shower and I'll put on some some
clothes or whatever then don't even
match because I was in a rush y'all
remember I was in a rush the last day
before I left and I really didn't pick
stuff that match so when I go to the
mall but first before that I'm go get my
nails done because honey this snow came
off here this note came off here and you
already know my nose got to be popping
especially if I'm out here in New York
where cardi B you know from but anyway
um I might just good today started and
just come along with me today is Sunday
thank you Jesus so I'm all done putting
on my makeup issues at SC and I'm
currently waiting on my list right now
in between the time I was recording like
I was almost changed my mind because
like I really wanna go to the mall and
this other lady went to do my nails but
she don't get here till 5 o'clock but
Shonda augmentation so yeah but I don't
know I'm uh we don't see what I get when
I get there I'm really excited oh my god
I'm gonna have no then I know you're
like for the first time
so Kelly I'm getting my soul the mind
outdone by vivacity Sapna call her and
this is Samantha but she has a YouTube
channel called relish she does makeup so
make sure you guys go check her out
yeah I'm just I don't know what I'm
gonna get done for my nails but we don't
see right now my clothes are in the
water around what I'm aware for the
special interview
so I'll never understand why my toes are
this bad like I don't understand why my
feet are today
I'm getting lipo on my toes out here so
I know you guys just see me at the nail
salon or whatever and it was a huge gap
in between my day which I did not record
I went to the mall at the last minute
but my nails got done like around 4
o'clock and so I forgot that today with
Sunday's Sunday and the malls were
closing like 6 so you know in between
that time it just seemed like I didn't
have enough time but what I'm trying to
show you my nails um these are my nails
I like them if you guys notice I kept
the same color on these nails I really
only got a fill-in and replaced the
nails needed and just made them white I
don't know why but I was pretty lazy I
think if I took I'm all up at one time
it was gonna take all day but I'm back
here in my room and it is like it's like
2:35 good morning y'all and I honestly
just been here finishing up this song
writing a song or whatever this I got
like 2 songs I'm about to record out
here in Oslo a collab with someone that
you guys probably know very well and I'm
just um probably gonna take off my shirt
cuz it's mad hot in this room like it's
crazy hi I'm gonna take off my shirt man
y'all can't see that ok what's up y'all
I didn't finished blogging last night
but I am vlogging again
um I'm not to go to a very busy mall and
I'm not covered I don't have no hoodie
no nothing so I just hope I'll be able
to shop I'm gonna be vlogging while I'm
shopping so make sure you guys stay
tuned it's a beautiful day out so you
already know I'm saying I had to I had
to break out the low yonce and a little
Gucci gang with you gang with your gang
good game good game good game good game
new yorkese six well haven't you seen
this
that's very up you understand yeah so
I'm in forever 21 right now and yeah
blogging and in this one here say what's
your name
Leslie oh so I'm currently out of
permits when you want I spent like a
whole two hours in here and I'm walking
around Bates I so right now there's a
lot of people in here already but I
found some nice stuff in there and I'm
happy and now my supply hmm
so come shop along with me okay thank
you
oh right now I'm in this shoe store and
I'm about to give me some timberlands
you already know the last time I was
here in New York I've got me some blacks
and Berlin's
so I'm at so give me some weeks you are
Newtonian
and I'm at the trial and they look so
stay tuned so you already know I'm in
Sephora now and I gotta grab me some
stuff because I'm y'all know I love my
makeup and I ran out on my highlighter
okay so I gotta give me some champagne
pop some NARS concealer before and say
hi guys they so cute so y'all gonna be
in the blog beautiful Jamaican say
something with it say something with
your accent just a sweater no a llama
say wha gwan blood make sure to hit the
subscribe button like everything so I'm
sitting here eating right now
now he goes up with room and when I saw
you out there if way better ninja Poli
it's way better to moment like it's all
good I got this little ball you got all
this stuff in Europe I gotta say but
I've been getting stuff all day today
you know like even off camera and I mean
honestly I'm not really bothered by it
I got to do shopping this it was as bad
as like they'll answer when I was in
Atlanta because that was able to shop it
but actually I'm in a mall all day is my
so you guys I'm about to get my teeth
way and he just sold me on some skin
care and it wasn't malicious positive
from this premiere oh my god he told me
like y'all know I'm cheap I don't buy
stuff right here
but yes supreme okay all right
I might get my teeth whiten my teeth you
know wanna be on camera do you buy this
beautiful lady right here
Nancy you have seen my teeth right now
they yellow okay so we're gonna make him
white let's go all right yeah how the
gods he's right in it uh your magician
you don't know you can do it and record
it like pole dr. you can you can like
come do it are you gonna do okay yeah
yeah I'm gonna eat right now
you know honestly
you know it's a messy oh god this is
funny yeah oh yeah I got it okay this
funny
but you're going out there but it's that
far too
there now all right well again
a nigga got her teeth whitened don't
know how to Elaine less I hate my luck
hey Leila oh my god
come to wait what's this called again
teeth white teeth whitening at the mall
and what part is this bro
this is gonna be possible and at bay
place them all in the Bronx Bronx New
York you feel me tomorrow camera watch
it it's smaller look I should have 4k
that should oh here um this should
eliminate know if this is Belgian 4k
artists is working oh yeah you're right
this one scene no I was thinking better
than 1080 yeah oh I look like the black
no good asking what's up Reggie squad
sugar cream Utica was going back with
another video so today I am vlogging and
today is what's today today is the 18th
but I'm seeing the day oh is it like
what it's Thursday today and I'm still
in New York and I'm currently with my
friend I'm here say hi Claire bear
that's Claire bear
and that's paddy wagon over there so all
over the city today
oh I thought it was a dog vomit argument
is this vacant we can do a little photo
shoot
he got so much you feel me it just
called in this merger is it's just what
not a that's life for my bread he got
designed by white you know bran you
filled me got a little they spicy check
him out but um I'm gonna take some
pictures in this and then after that
we're gonna eat everybody eat first
yeah
birth and so yeah just say to me you
guys throughout this blog I have a goes
I already bowed that's why I mean right
now yeah FB and I'm not to get some food
what you get from Memphis would you go
having it's taken stuff
it's good job they can go from here I'm
gonna get or know I might get
Oh or am i get I might put on them look
at them oh no I almost left my camera at
the table
she's wallet because we moved tables and
I left my whole camera there my heart is
beating they would have called types of
something at camera they would have call
all types of stuff like nine of them
ain't ain't a movie nothing on here no
my god damn baby
this is not this is not this is not
because it's not food porn I'm I don't
know you just want to hear somebody do
it I know I'm not doing good though
clearance is trying to get me to drink I
don't I think he's trying to come to my
character
he told me to take a sip it is it's a
good drink but why are you trying to
refresh
you try it no I don't want man
oh you give me a nickname
alright this is gonna be there's gonna
be my clickbait clans gave me a nickname
real cute and embarrassing just like
mine claire-bear
that's not embarrass me
