once again back with another video with
my special friend here she a boy Claire
NYC today we are collab on my channel
because we did his channel first it was
mighty spicy I'm not gonna lie to y'all
those mighty spice very good very very
good video hopefully mines come out as
well we're actually doing them never
have I ever challenge I hope y'all can
see this cuz a marker mmm-hmm can this
says I have no says I have not tell me
that some very spicy questions from our
supporters on my Instagram and a lot of
those questions I had to ignore because
y'all are nosy and y'all are petty there
so we had to like you know just we have
to just ignore levels but we did pick
some spicy questions that are
interesting and you got them on your
phone so yes we're gonna go ahead and
start these questions ladies go first
okay first question is sorry on TVs in
front of me and this is guys first
question is mrs. spicy sir wassup
never have I ever had a one-night stand
you have I have I have not and I'm not
lying because hope you know you can't
lie in this game there's no lying I'm
not lying I'm just saying yeah yeah you
can't lie and then never have I ever
gave me on we cannot lie so I had wait
wait it's not what do you count on one
night CNN oh when I stand is when you
first meet someone like that that night
and then and you sleep with them and you
never speak to them again that's it the
one Joan you all will change even if you
like talk to someone I only deal with
them like one time it's not considered
one night then I'll fix it
did you was talking at home so you know
that person yeah so therefore I'm never
I have not oh how many of those we hate
huh yeah I don't think I wasn't of
course I honey when I send you in I
don't think that was a question that
wasn't a question
you try no further questions and stuff I
won no these are the things you can baby
girl okay can you count from you when I
finish egg well over the phone oh sorry
so you want me to answer yeah well can
you count I could count how many guys
just not that's not for them
youth mmm
you sneaky little boy you got a bunch of
one-night stands uh all right go ahead
ask the next question you ready mm-hmm
are you you sure uuugh yeah I honestly
forgot what that was on the list already
so never have I ever had sex outside the
house which ones up first
I already know you have huh where is it
is a few places like weird the movie
dinner oh wow give me one Paul no the
park
yeah it'll pop the pop you mean the park
yeah the park car
oh it is no siree yeah I can't think
anywhere I didn't it was only in the car
I don't think I Virginia scene outside
like and apart like outside in the open
I almost did almost I was close but
sometimes it's good to be spontaneous
yeah it is city um add some spice to
your relationship yeah
you know always gotta have sex in the
bed yeah thanks never have I ever
never have I ever used somebody else's
toothbrush and don't lie don't lie not
gone where let me see your you know what
let me see I want to see what you're
going through
no you go first you tell Mitchell you
can't see a scrap solemnly swear on
Tommy all right ready
ah mm filthy
oh why not I just
they gonna think I'm filthy tell me what
okay sharing sharing the toothbrush is
nasty and it's nasty but one thing I'm
like what is the reason why you did it
I forgot mine it wasn't Oh is my
ex-girlfriend yeah oh okay I kind of get
that me yard what's on each other no
anyways uh-huh I'll mop within her mouth
so but nasty still nasty that's what I
said they're gonna they're gonna sell
nasty um I have in why did you
I'm really like funny about that stuff
too like I didn't even cheer I didn't
matter if it was my I rather do that did
not brush my teeth but you can you can
really get mouthwash and scrub your
teeth with them with the towel it don't
feel the same but using somebody else's
to brush though I wouldn't use it as
anybody too much
I trusted her from already was doing
certain things with Italy but they don't
it don't make it right I have used
someone else's toothbrush but it was by
accident and I was mad as hell I was mad
I wouldn't be mad to it like I would be
mad at for me personally I didn't even I
don't even like using the same wash
towels anyone like yeah you know I'm
saying like I'm that's just the kind of
person I am definitely I was mad I was
just I mean and not because I felt like
he like was nasty or anything like that
I'm nauseous I'm just saying because
like dang like everything is fine I see
either way yeah militia is honest we
can't lie
thank you so come on let's keep it going
let's see how spicy this can really get
never have I ever lied to my partner
about where I was at
I'm trying to think let's see mr. sneaky
I know you have probably I have I feel
like I've had good reasons good reasons
why first of all why do you have the
undiscussed which you Faison already
I didn't seen you face you know I didn't
sell discuss it with you I was just
thinking about I was just thinking about
like my answer
I don't know still have an answer I
don't know people I don't know if how to
live I don't and if I did if I was like
where you went on down the street but
I'm really not like I never been on no
sneaky stuff like not a guy's house and
it got me that's that's what I'm saying
no I've always told the truth so I can
honestly say I have not I'm a very good
girl you know I'm a very good girl I
have no reason to I'm a little girl he's
a bad boy I'm sorry I'm an angel
alrighty angel your angel give me one
good reason then cuz I want to know did
you alright
reason number one girls are crazy
there's the dice they really crazy
because your own credit you're not 12
sometimes I would lie because the thing
that I'm doing does it sound believable
like what like I feel like yeah I don't
really like
to know that we have in like fun you get
what I'm saying I wouldn't you know why
wouldn't we want to have fun like once
you guys have fun I mean so I would like
oh I'm not you guys I feel like us
females don't want we don't want y'all
to be bored or anything we do want try
to have fun just make sure you not out
there doing stuff you're not supposed to
be doing all right but I'm just saying
well we're not with you guys it's like a
whole another that's not true for every
girl that's not true for every girl it's
not true every girl I think so that is
my opinion it's probably just because
you you've only dealt with not you know
you haven't dealt with a lot of girls
oh so for you to say y'all girls are
crazy right right
everybody's not like that I've only
dated one - he was only dating one girl
er Thanks
two if you count on a high school
sweetheart prom date problem reason like
that's hard to believe like I believe it
but it would be hard to believe probably
Jen I'm only spoke to one group no you
haven't spoken to me I haven't spoken to
one girl but I've only dated and went
out in May one girl my girlfriend yes -
if you want to count the girl I took the
prompt because we went out but it was
like an immature kinda yeah like a kitty
kitty Kanye's like High School's me or
even Connor we had a crush on each other
mr. OH
which I just call myself dating never
have I ever
Oh spicy oh hey I'm really sorry Kim I
don't know how to you gonna teach me I
don't know you only got a wand it always
you could just rock with it it's hard to
do while sitting down but you got it
like the one you won't be no you don't
equate from them more of a kind of
smooth like Oh Mike I'm sturdy with it
hey okay never have I ever faked an
orgasm
so in my terms it would be climax yeah
like I picked an orgasm I like basically
act like act like he was having this
contact like this in public you have X I
have so I'm gonna laugh you're all
stronger than junk overweight backs get
some tarnish if it's trash my trash
breath is like you're not having a good
time my curtain is like hot wait how
does a guy I know a girl can fake like
MoMA how's the guy faking orgasm y'all
don't think moans say okay not fake
moaning buddy I'm not the only ones to
fake things are you through me
oh I know you only taking a lot of stuff
oh yeah smooth me I just know y'all fake
monster that's all I got to say I'm
saying I know that you guys pick stuff
but what do you what can you fake do
like you can't you don't know not just
like you doesn't we mean act like you're
done elaborate you act like you king
queen you Oh y'all be really lying about
that hey if it's like like not but
that's a shirt you should lay a visible
right no and that's the thing you can't
lie to me about that you can't lie to me
about that cuz I know you can't lie to
me that's gone right that's you're not
gonna look in a comment no but no you're
you you you can't lie to me about that
cuz guys have certain life they have a
certain way that you can tell what they
did or not you can tell us nigga didn't
the N dude you know you can tell you can
tell when you about to UM like you said
not everybody you can tell so where
everyone has a face when they know
not true a face or some kind of
something that they do I agree with you
in some cases but not at all things can
actually be faked
yes but what I'm saying is you can't
fake in front of me that's all I'm
trying to say you can't if you say so
okay so wait a minute talk about you
know how did you do that
how did you make it or get those this
charlie but you'd be questioning me um
nobody answered nope that's the obvious
well I just had to give examples I just
had I want to hear they want to hear
some spicy stuff too I'm gonna bring
that spicy not out of you too oh hey you
guys the story I cannot do that
just know that before I think moaned so
you faked acting like it was good I'm
not but he wasn't I'm not saying like in
the in my past I had but it wasn't is
what I'm saying so you act like you
might do but it wasn't it wasn't as
height is that made it seem to be like
it might not have been mad but it wasn't
I it felt like so basically I was making
whoever my is the man like he was super
saying like like Bambi best best play in
the league he was he was on a bench he
wasn't really on the bench he just was
like not a valuable player
like he was on the court he could have
got traded yeah he could easily get
traded out you fool me I food he wasn't
on a bench either I respect it
this isn't my past oh yeah so this is
not me I respect now yeah and you got to
do that like you got talk on extra dirty
and stuff like that I can just hurry up
oh you got that done see you before no
no I got you I just caught you I just
caught you in cash not a little caught
you you said I know you I knew y'all be
doing it you got that done to you before
you try to stay here and play it oh no
actly no any guy was in it
now I'm act always a lion let me keep it
on honey no you don't know that though
you write you know that again you just
said that nobody could do that to you
but you don't know that
yeah you ready mm-hmm I told you I'm
right most of the time why what the one
you gonna happen whether you spicy you
too
you ready you ready I was born ready
that looks crazy damn
that's huge hope everybody's okay not
happen today yeah an Australian I'm
gonna go never use the first you gotta
get some first what I thought ladies go
first well this time ladies go first
nah no no no okay we got about the same
time all right but whatever you ask
Knicks girl now lady okay you're needed
okay okay um never have I ever made a
sex tape spicy
which is it good because you know I have
and nobody will ever ever get a hold of
that when they get along the yours I
have it for real yes I do
how many boys do it for oh it's not for
sale
how much would you so TMZ for I don't
think I'd agree it was which is right it
wasn't with no reading today it wasn't
so would a random girl oh how I look
making a sexting with random girl yeah
did she expose you I would have been
exposed already but you said you have it
so you I have you guys in that that
nobody will ever see that never don't
you ever ever feel like I said you guys
will never have my footage ever but we
got the next question okay just know
that I have nose very spicy spicy
where's your lieutenant Mike 12
hot spices your spicy up gonna kill me
never have I ever
however had feelings for someone but
hidden I still cuz I wouldn't say
feelings like that just like that he
would I have one in your library tour
net no cuz like I want to know what you
mean so could maybe I have to change my
answer when you like when you really
like someone and you feel like you you
can't you're not supposed to like when
you really like somebody and like you
have feelings for them feelings like
well you said really like more than you
like them more than you like them more
than what you're supposed to like them
for but you hide them because you know
you probably can't have them
like you know you can't have him or you
know today probably just hard to like or
like you hide them because you don't
know if they have the same feelings for
you I'm pretty I'm pretty bold so with a
I don't think I would even if you felt
like someone even if you didn't know or
not if somebody had feelings for you you
feel like I'm a person you still would
let them know you have villains how do
you let go strokes how would you really
bold my gum how do you let the window
like what you do you just know you just
hit him everything hey I got come on
like how are you gonna do it like I
would I'm pretty sure that you show
somebody have films with your actions
yeah that's why I would do that like in
person and I was like like if I like you
you're going no gosh no no cuz some
people can see my dear white people but
they just be nice no I know different I
think I know you do
and I think it'll look like that I think
you know what not a difference between
on so what that likes you okay so would
any gonna be a nice
you got sleepy over here this late it's
late it's manly I'm tired I want to say
sleepy oh um yeah I've definitely done
that I definitely do that a lot
wait I can't no I've done it a lot
you kids you're feeling again two people
that could you know how they would feel
towards you yeah don't know why cuz I'm
scary Jason that's what I'm not scared
of rejection because nigga you don't get
rejected you barely get rejected stop
playing
nice it's been rare rejections be rare
for me but rejects your heart feels
don't get it twisted I know how
rejection has been rare for me too but I
haven't even let it happen you know I
haven't gave your room to happen cuz if
I feel like you're not feelin me I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna show you that I
ain't bout to feel stupid or get my
feelings hurt not fill you but then
again now you shouldn't you shouldn't
live life like that imagine how you're
feeling for her if you throw some money
I like you or you like to Joe shot and
like you get shot down I can't do that I
feel so like hurt honestly I would feel
like
better yeah like coz if now I don't have
to waste my time you don't like me okay
you just sit you you're just I don't
good so that's one thing I'll have it's
the wing wasting my time people wasting
my time got no time for oh oh don't need
them
never have I ever told somebody they
look good any dinner
yeah I'm guilty of that I'm guilty and
there's been females and me on y'all
just because I don't like to make people
I don't like to make people feel bad
about these I have a kind heart
me too and I don't I liked it like I
feel like everybody like good looking at
all the way like everybody's not way you
gonna say so even if I may not like some
like one my just say that like yeah my
you're ugly like or I'm like that's like
that's our that's nice well you look
good I've done that I even guessed the
girl head up and she was looking a hot
mess but what she had on and I'll fight
ya girl yes do your thing and I just
felt so bad cuz no no I I guess other
people probably was making fun of her
and I'm all for like uplifting people
totally that's that's another thing they
over there's no need to know one's right
oh that's sweet yeah like no way I don't
think nobody's unique in our way no no
spicy understand I'm asking why you I'm
not why the vein popping up you nervous
you think again you nervous mm-hm
you don't okay turn your head I get you
nervous no you sure what did you answer
you can you say that you did right here
yeah I have I told someone that serum I
have to not guilty that I am if I really
do look bad I really want you to tell me
not as if I was ugly don't tell me tell
me
I'll go back in the house to change no
baby yeah honestly you won't catch me
slippin and honestly so and I'll wear
what I want yeah you never catch you
slippin or me I wear what I want and you
like no y'all catch me slippin a lot
I've been so ugly in many videos bye
didn't care cuz this is me imma style
you you have Charlie over here what are
you gonna play on me some fire some fire
what you gonna make me look like they'll
see as for you know you can effort never
have I ever send nudes let me see what
miss listen um miss angel I am I am
innocent
let me see let me see no you go first I
want it ladies first oh no cuz I know
you have I wanted to see what you you
have what you know if I'm insane now
maybe please you guys doing new stuff
like what what do you mean my news that
you for the picture that so I just that
is a new yes after new that's your whole
thinking I sent it that too like my
girlfriend after Tom I never just been
in the mirror take a picture of my soul
but uh maybe yes that's a little yes you
have
I promise you I never stopped yo girls
are really crazy like this is what I'm
talking about yeah yeah I'll be trying
to put pieces together that don't go
together let your mind relax
who's that let your mind works like your
mom let the last question we answered of
course yeah what was it said news no one
answered yet
I have happened to picture this - you're
pregnant what now what did you send a
picture of none of your business
I know because I'm doing this for my
people out there my job I know all the
all the Queen fans they want to know
kids don't do this what's your sin Y all
have been my biz in my kool-aid
well why you in the mix ask you what
what you said we're just in first the
obvious right
I said a picture no my name's you know
isn't the big deal bleep no no good you
know no good you the position you would
have to get into to do enough
no that's what that's one thing you're
not gonna catch me on YouTube doing that
crazy do it do the bubbles no you do it
well you would know I don't wanna I said
in these knows what position was you and
when you said - it was in the mirror no
it was like that that's why it was for
still one that I was with did they like
it
who are you talking to I'm talking I
just wanted to know you don't think they
would I just wanted to know don't chest
up Charlie you don't think that Johnny
flip questions on me Queen Yanni's video
has been a little bit too spicy for me
thank you don't stop doing that
don't cuz you will get exposed you will
get exposed stop doing that for every
girl cuz you will get exposed you feel
me and you don't want to be exposed out
here on social media
alright yeah he's gonna go ahead in this
video let us know if you want more
collabs thank you guys for watching
I see gang Oh spicy spicy mafia he'll
call his sub spicy mafia cuz you know I
just ring bill cuz it just I gave it a
little rough edge yeah this new camera
he from that New York New York only we
got that little edge to it he got that
Bronx you fool me where did you get your
filming from myself
okay listen in this video because she's
changed I'm not chatting I've been
saying all night lawyer subscribers
watch this watch them coming all my
loyal submarine from the other channel I
was always like you film me I always
like Houston I'm not a mutant that's
where you reside
I don't care only been here for a year
after they don't say that I'm Michigan
yes they do
what are you talking about man you feel
me I say that you can you please just
let clean know in the comments that
she's starting to talk like she's from
New York no I'm not that the lingo is
just is sticking to cages let no I know
y'all be seeing her tweets with the dead
ice and and the B and all that ice this
is that's what I'm saying
but I'm not stealing from you you said
I'm from New York City okay then who's
dead what you with that that's a that's
a city it's not coming from you stop
thinking that cool you know from New
York name one person
name two people you and Patty okay so
yeah thank you for watching
very spicy more videos coming soon I
guess you can end out my video since I
ended up yours
alright are we out this mother-effing
make sure you're subscribed subscribe my
goes everything will be in the
description yes
I wanna sleep I mean I gotta eat
something we longer something a buyer
