what's up Reggie squash your girl cream
Utica once again back with another video
so today I am vlogging and today it's
Friday so welcome to Friday's vlog right
now currently I am about to get my hair
done I took out the other hairstyle
because you know it sound like to keep
stuff for too long it was cute while it
lasted but I am going to get flexi rods
for the first time but before I go get
flexi rods i'ma pull up right here
French cheese chicken you wait yeah four
inches chicken that's let's say I've
never had four inches before but I'm
craving chicken right now and I need to
eat some because I'm freaking starving I
got a flight to catch in the morning I
got a surprise for y'all like this is
crazy like everything's happening so
fast but oh my soul medicine is getting
me a lot of connects and I just really
want to just thank God and I'm just
ready for everything that's about to
come
my way in 2018 like y'all don't even
understand I'll have a no makeup right
now I'm looking hummus but um yeah if
I'm gonna hair done and everything and
then after that I gotta run to the mall
get some items cuz I am not packed and
my flight is in the morning so I'm just
pretty much unprepared so today will be
my day where I'm doing a lot of running
and stuff like that and um Chris should
be home today from from LA so I should
have a free day today right on this side
of Frenchie
honey I never had it but it smell good
all right here she just took a picture
me she said that print she was real real
real good
no I got everything up here they got
dirty rice baby survived Skylar green
mashed potatoes jambalaya Creole gumbo
ate two thing so I'm about to taste this
fool yeah I got a big key which already
tasting it it's lesson I got me two
chicken legs I got some collard greens
and some red beans all right okay okay
yall already know about this man this is
the ribbies night I was probably getting
my hair done I'm sitting here eating
that's a shank but I gotta eat honey
I can't even lie this young good collard
greens woohoo red beans and rice chicken
in this case pooch oh lord have mercy
when I found pull it in a steroid fair
comment
then I guess we'll be on here together
would it be locked up together yeah
right that's right hey okay yeah I don't
know where you came from but um Bobby is
gonna suck my hair up because your eye
see how her hair is so she definitely
was my son yeah yes gross sweet yes and
that's her that's her to chill oh yeah
right now look like a boiled potato so
let me just turn
say mommy stuff oh yeah so I forgot to
UM I forgot to record but man this is
how my hair turned out when I say that
like I had a whole nother style in mind
but it just didn't turn out the way I
needed it to but we just gonna make it
work because I don't have no time to be
picky right now if anything I would just
go we get my hair done tomorrow where
I'm going but um tell me what y'all
think like it makes me feel like I don't
know different it's short I'm not really
used to short I mean it's my hair but my
hair gets short when it's like curled up
like this it eventually should get like
bigger you know how when your curls fall
and stuff like that but if I is sorry I
mean I feel like an old lady named
Esther something like that
anyway I'm hungry again y'all it's late
so don't talk about me I know y'all just
see me eating in a clip before but I saw
I'm gonna eat again
like right now you'll never guess what I
might be
Cavett philippe's spicy leg combo
um I'll take red beans and rice and a
extra biscuit please an extra biscuit
makes me a strawberry phantom and make
sure it's hot sauce and honey in a bag
please
so I'm finally back at the house right
now y'all and oh hi I'm getting prepared
say hi baby I'm getting prepared or
whatever to give CJ to Chris so that
Mommy can go take care of business I
love you I need a good boy say mommy
sell you to mommy
are you killed one day he's so cool he'd
get it from me he gets it from me but
y'all supposed to get my nails done
didn't work out too well what you show
your belly floors my fatness nothing
worked out today really my hair took a
lot of time in and this right here but
hopefully you start to look different
after a while you know like hopefully
get bigger when I like push it out some
more because I wanted it to be like a
different way I mean I guess it's not
that bad but whatever yes I but I'm
about to start packing for tonight well
for tomorrow morning because I have
nothing back and I'm just trying on all
these clothes that I bought from fashion
house y'all seen my blogs my next blog
be prepared because I got some surprises
for y'all like the real photo I've got
some real surprises beyond you guys okay
alright what's the dilly-o Yas no I just
arrived in New York and I have business
to take care of out here
I'm really excited who was about to go
down I'm not gonna tell you guys yet but
I got you're like an hour ago and the
plane didn't send my back so now I
have to wait to the next plane for my
man so I'm up here buddy all right yeah
so I am finally here by myself alone in
a hotel room and it's it's pretty quiet
it's pretty relaxing last time when I
came here I had a girls trip but um this
time nobody could come but you know I
have I have some stuff some exciting
stuff coming and I'm like I'm really
down here to work I have some I have a
teen now that's gonna help me like I'm
talking about like with the music part
of everything and I'm gonna record some
music down here so it should be really
dope um as far as the music I'm not
stopping like I'm gonna keep going once
I've seen what I can do and the
potential that I have is like I don't
want to stop like this is what I want to
do this is my purpose like I love doing
YouTube but music is like my passion and
my purpose so I'm gonna keep going with
it and I'm just work work work all 2018
you told me um I'm gonna need this time
alone by myself I haven't been alone by
myself in a very long time and I just
really need time to sit alone and think
and pray
and just really just list of sinking to
to do things that like to bring out
skills that I have that I haven't used a
long time like I can draw nobody knows
that I can draw I'm gonna go to the
store I'm gonna get me some paper not no
notebook paper I'm talking about the
canvas kind of paper and I'm a draw like
a beautiful picture I'm a vibe by myself
rice and music and probably get some
collabs done if I can however this is my
current situation y'all I'm excited I'm
excited and I have a wonder like I have
I have a good and I have a very exciting
interview coming up y'all that y'all
gonna see so make sure y'all stay tuned
I'm just going to go ahead and edit this
video for y'all uploaded and just after
that probably freshen up or take a nap
or something cuz I got no rest and then
I will see you on the next video so stay
tuned when I got some stuff coming for
y'all okay
you
