what me to cut once again back with
another video so excuse my hair cuz it
looks super big right now but it's been
like such a while since I actually did a
prank on somebody like since I did a
prank on anybody and y'all know that I
do prints well you know I do pranks
really well I just be pranking really
good so right now jazz and tare actually
in the room and they probably cuddle up
somewhere or whatever and so what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna go in the living
room you know I'm be chillin or whatever
and then I'm a caught a in there with me
then I'm gonna talking real loud you
feel I'm gonna be like I feel like you
need to be with a sim you need to be
with somebody like me you know and if
you're with jazz you might as well be
with you know a guy because she's more
dominant you need to be with somebody
who's like more emotional like me so I
basically I'm gonna tell her she needs
to be with a feminie to switch it up a
little bit and um I'm gonna make sure I
speak loud enough where Jack's gonna
hear it so she can come out and pop off
on me and this is gonna be so funny
because jazz gets so freakin serious you
guys she gets so serious what pranks and
like she just be doing the most so I'm
gonna go set this camera up so this
should be very very very interesting
make sure y'all stay tuned it should be
fun alright y'all so in a room right now
probably just make a love or whatever
you doing giving each other two keys or
whatever I don't know but I might stay
here for a few seconds and then I'm
gonna take in here so make sure y'all
stay tuned it'd be like hey girl you
need me your life you don't need you
guys need me okay
yeah I'm losing my butt anymore but
say thank you come here just pay okay
make sure she'll call you Italy looking
little right now into that private
like oh my god
I'm not trying to be messy and I love
you you know I love you up and I love
who you love I love tape too but listen
I try to be messy
that's why it was upon you I'm saying
what if it was a big deal okay I feel
like she need to try some different
okay damn I'm not going to talk
 to be together are you talking
about we not actually Itachi because I'm
just saying that maybe you should let
take try something feminine like you are
for what you're talking about that's
what you are Amy listen Jen says before
you get married but you want to Japan is
you can't be with her on the same day
you like you are more dominant and you
were on the masculine side of a woman
they acted like she you balance her out
well but she needs to try something
feminine like she needs to see how to be
with the girl like I am like okay
she needs on the horse foster like you
I'm sorry I'm sorry it was appraised
it's just a print
is it the brain so do you really taught
on wait do you really think that I would
do that to you oh I'm just saying she
cute and all but she's yours
Jess no first off before you hug her
apologize to her for spilling that water
on her this bowl all you bulges just cuz
I said she's looking CJ Oh see she don't
want to lose you team that's cute
I would never try to steal your girl you
know I could I would never try to do
this I would never try to steal your
girl you know our colleges you okay Jess
I'm Gucci man I'm good as well now you
come with me why you thought that water
bottle at me like that because bro I was
getting mad but you know I'm sad I had
let my senses come from Tim back to a -
DJ wait a minute so are you what you a
fireman today hey just try this waiting
on me bro cuz they see you trying to
wiggle his mama
come on bro go ahead CJ beat her up for
mommy cuz that's not cool she thought
what about me
run up CJ run up and don't get done up
though
dang knocked out smooth not gross okay
you can stop hey say you think this was
good yeah but did you kind of catch on
though your - yeah I'm glad you caught
on for me no no yes you started by going
along with it she knew I wouldn't do
that even tell you I wouldn't do that to
her so yeah if you I think this was a
wonderful prank you know I'm saying make
sure you like it up this was good make
sure you go subscribe to Jed this
channel jazz and pay the link will be in
description man everything she thought
whole water bodies and in the water
right name like Widow you always got to
be
the Gator that's your instigator anyway
y'all we like to end this man I'm not in
this and probably keep some stuff with
CJ look at done that's cute
irritated
