and then if we decide you know we'll let
you guys know but for right now we just
looking at you know for the future
what's up Reggie squashing girl
communica once again back with another
video so I was just in the house I was
doing a reaction video to Dumbo's
reaction whatever but when I uploaded it
for some reason it had some difficulties
so I'm just gonna start with a vlog for
today
it's Tuesday that video should be up
later on hopefully or I don't know later
on or tomorrow but I have to get on with
another video so right now I must go
meet Erie and go look at this house I
don't know if I'm gonna show the house
or not but I'm gonna look at this house
right now and I gotta drive all right
yeah so I just got the car and I'm about
to go in this house and me arrey
um hopefully it's a nice house hopefully
it's nice cuz y'all know I'm working on
getting my own stuff and getting out of
places right now
I know I'll shut house we serve a night
or like we just don't know or what it
was in this dorm
we don't know yet but we may be having a
girl's also own thing and then if we
decide you know we'll let you guys know
but for right now we just looking at you
know for the future yeah you got sugar
roses so would you think about the house
Harry it was really nice
I really liked it too and I just you
know I hope that we hear good news back
um I got Arabi in my uber right now you
my uber no area is the best uber driver
ever I think area is better than train
as far as uber driver
cuz laughs I don't know Trey I but I
meet him would have more fun and keep
both when I tried to see airy the the
thing I like about Airy she drive more
say Trey kind of a crazy
uber driver but he don't charge me Ares
he charged me though but she still drive
me safe saw a truck I'm paid she charged
me five dollars
um per meter we drive a purple yeah and
yeah I just don't like that
I don't like that but she's safer you
know but I got a paid tool is what Trey
yeah what's right you know he driving me
around for free so I could possibly die
right your uber driver no I need you as
movie drive so I can still live I'm
confused because it's like but yeah
right now a month ago
Sierra's house and just figure out some
stuff on a laptop or whatever and yeah
we need it you hungry yeah I'm starving
I'm sorry I'm sorry I've all I have is a
lunchable I had it for lunch a well
that's all I had Hey
tryna em I'm trying to make Oh
Irie yeah it's not only we going up
about about that sky's annoying Ariana
this is gonna be called ignoring Ariana
why not
what cancer you look like a cocoa butter
kiss mmm turn around step but let me see
that but okay he would just turn around
real quick just turn around
all right now lift up your jeans no it
like like pull them up don't you yeah
looks nice oh my god like I just don't
know like oh I'm so happy today I'm just
so happy I don't know why I'm yeah yeah
I'm just acting retarded right now come
here come here VIN VIN come here dude
yeah come here damn yet I'm taking your
child with me you can have my child I
have yours oh by the way CJ bootcamp yes
CJ bad
CJ's were on jazz right now because when
I was trying to react to the video the
demos demos reaction to my video he
can't make a noise so she said she would
take him to the store with her so he's
with her right now
so now I'm gonna kidnap Daniel you okay
oh you feel so good and thick yeah CJ I
feel skinny
that's cause he eat nothing you don't
want to eat nothing big on junk food and
yes I do feed your real food before
y'all get to going
they don't they don't let me finish my
face he don't want he look listen chill
but he's nice and healthy
oh nice too healthy you can I like you
can I look your son come o Catholic come
on oh poor you no please he just like a
chocolate cocoa butter kids
mutual waterway coming through my baby
butanol a tailor this is you like you
Ali decides it you look you look
delicious
can I have some can I have some I just
want a little bit but they can't look
you bit airy
no can I look at you you've been up a
long time I've been a bad girl I've been
a bad bad bad girl a bad back I mean
it's so annoying in this video maybe I
should turn it off being really
irritating right now I'm sorry you guys
gonna happen this is real me this is a
real thing all this stuff I'm just
really happy you guys are you also area
is currently mad right now not because I
annoyed her but because she's like
extremely hungry and we need to eat and
she's not talking to me right now
because she's extremely hungry and we
have to go like right now we have to go
to Friday's like we got to go to
Friday's I'm starving let's go up you
taking all day arrey arrey don't notice
you look good here by air by spam in the
commons area you're beautiful watch him
do it watch him do it
no y'all know she really beautiful quit
lyin so we are at Red Lobster I might
eat some biscuits and stuff and I'm
about to eat some Sun I'm about to eat
some biscuits it up and I'm bout to eat
some some steak I'm so excited I love
food
look at Yuri we're going on a second
date the funny thing is I know people
that look like these I know people that
look like these doggone lobsters and you
know women come at me one more time
coming me one more time and I'm exposure
I'm exposure kissimmee honest
let me talking look just like these
doggone lobsters over here thank you so
I'm a freak you are with that oh my god
the night strawberry lemonade and then I
got these wonderful biscuits my favorite
wedges he's not first managers not had
as much better oh yeah look at my plate
oh wait look at my plate I'm eating good
I'll be eaten good you got the ability
to got damaged shrimp broccoli I got
preferences
you know then we eaten good over here
boom we look I mean just for your
statement oh no I'm fine I'm already
abling I don't need the sauce I got the
Sun I am the Sun give us a second on
Easter
that was so corny wasn't any I don't
need a one because I am a one I am a one
so we got over driver here again in a
different car yep
and that's just another reason why I
like her because she got multiple cars
you know I'm saying she got she we could
switch up the location I'm good bring a
switch up you know I'm saying all of
googles
oh but wreckers weight is well
it's only 8:30 it's 8:30
look at you all your phones I found in
this hot chick it was like eight one of
your left
this is Imani
Oh Rahman Oh up I will break my leg that
would be so much fun I lose I did good
couple arrows I probably like lose a
link don't you think I think I've a lot
of stuff over here my god oh alright
guys I just got done um bringing CJ back
something to eat or whatever and I'm
bout to edit this video what does the
camera doing it I just got that annoying
eerie so my day is complete cuz I
enjoyed eerie and I just I just feel
wonderful today I don't know why it's so
wonderful but I'm gonna in this fog you
guys I love you guys so much
you're my baby
