know what this was for but it just kind
of sweet like flat sprinkle rain down
anyway today I am reacting to Donnell
Wilson's reaction to me like who reacts
to reaction me you feel me this was how
requested I just can't believe she
reacted to my song I cannot believe that
my song is doing the numbers that is
doing y'all didn't know I just didn't
know but I'm very excited I'm very
excited to see this reaction video
because like I just want to know what
people think especially like big
influencers you know and she's a big
influencer this will be my first
reaction video ever on my channel so you
know if it's not that good just you know
bear with me I will get better in the
future
but first before I get into the video I
just want to show you guys my hair oh my
god you see this yo what up when I moved
back it's like it looked like my
hairline is receding and I have no edges
and it's just like before hitting a
ponytail but I promise you when I come
up I have edges see I got edges I think
is the lightness shining off my forehead
anyway this is a not Zula not hoola hair
you'll feel me the Brazilian deep wave
and it's very pretty it's very soft and
y'all gotta wear nothing but not doula
hair so if you ladies need some bundles
make sure you click the link in the
description to get some bundles cuz
everybody inches every once in a while
okay so let's just start this video
where's your head it 2810 you coming
over your ball yeah Skippy I'm coming
out of your ball head I'm going money we
made my hair's like three minutes like
feels so good to be here with the dream
of O'Hare like all the hustles but we
can relate like that and sometimes we'll
just need a great fighter like I love
you and you love me and get making me
look for a nice go right for weeks I've
been focusing it on next we mix it up
we'll subscribe down below
Christy link would be down by the now
lines up by up to the day in Chakrabarty
see from the title mice will be queen
clothes are right now I do not know
Queen from YouTube well you can't do it
I'm not gonna give my opinion on because
it's not a situation person I like sad
music after being the most happiest
relationship Drake come on I'm like
can't believe but that girl did that
sound like why would she do that Lenny
such an expert I love Sam you can't even
describe it I'm always loved side music
I'm gonna say trap so dad got hot be
merry but a kid and a happy relationship
I want to react about morning already
listen already let's reshuffle there's
anything in it oh you call me queen I
don't wanna get nothing doing me but I
like that
girl you look at something
yes I did I sure did a shyster dinner by
your queen she filling me
yes say it say it cuz I already know
what I'm saying cuz it's true they do
that why you're playing the victim with
it
close the top hurt me I'm dead she crazy
I can make it not breathing yeah
learning
like
yeah Wow yeah I get to get to live but
now it's like no yes all people yes Oh
would you like to see that was not to
get reactions easy yeah that was such a
good reaction Thank You DOMA for
reacting to my song thank you so much oh
my god I'm so happy that you like it I'm
so happy that everyone likes it I just
did not know it was gonna do it it'd be
able to do what it do what I make them
do what I did what I do with a little
yeah I'm so happy right now I'm so happy
hold on I think I got a phone call hello
my little radio but hopefully you know
that happens one day but I'm dumped this
video I love you guys so much thank you
guys and watch I'm just so excited for
what's to come in 2018 I'm not the boss
up you feel me I'm like the boss up did
it all right I got to go I love you guys
