hi everyone I'm like and I'm like OMG
look at all the first live you guys and
we watching the live from yesterday
right now current situation I'm trying
to leave my EP but I don't write I wanna
just thank everyone for everybody who
reacted the medicine video everyone who
liked it comment on it
feedback that was my first video so my
next thank you so much
Arianna Arianna and Magyar major Arianna
oh yeah these commas are going so fast
that I can't you can keep up with Claire
bear it is that you cute never said
thank you you know I had to put that on
you
duh you want to know something can I
tell you our secret so like when before
I had CJ like my boobs they was like
sitting up and now it's like they like
saggy man right they go all the way down
here like all the way down almost
touching my knees and it's just like I
always told myself I would never go get
a boob job because like I don't need one
no but like my boots oh snap I'm missing
our oh my bad shout outs as Donna Israel
I you don't have a profile pic but
congrats clean I'm so proud of you when
you having a meet ingredient in YC I
need to have a meet and greet a sec I
told I've been charlie clearance having
to tell my manager I wouldn't have a
meet and greet in New York because
that's my biggest fan base and like
everywhere don't to be honest I just
want to see all y'all want to feed
everyone to that one that that was from
wait
shout out to Miriam D awara that's all
get everything shot to laquetta gardener
shout out to you look Weedle I love you
too Jenna shout out to Jennifer Evelyn
technically inspires all of all the wait
our kids yeah we gotta grind for the kid
man I know big kids watching me you're
like I want to stay positive for the
kids at the same time I'm still grown
and I went through grown people things
and when y'all grow up y'all go through
grown people things you know y'all got
to do everything that I do but just I
know it'd be a lot of kids watching stay
in school get your education you'll know
everything thank you for staying so
strongly to you sirs I love you so much
shout out to Shaniqua Jones thank you so
much baby good-looking baby I love you
and your music you're so amazing I'm
destiny by the way shoutout to you
destiny I wish I could meet you um were
you wrong we'll have a meeting greet me
shantae shantae T shame
Oh No shantae shantae Alan Santa Santa
Jack to you however you shun turn to
shun shun taxi
that's your nickname son time love the
spicy mafia love you Queen you are
everything you are everything to Devon
Sanders Devon Sanders thank you so much
thank y'all okay you are so pretty
jinkies Randleman winch's what'd you do
on your enemy okay Gigi would you be
doing a lot of Tinky stuff random
adventures yes I'll rope kinky you ask
me really it sounds it sounds a little
kiddies to me
adventures like adventures oh yeah I see
where your mind is I see where your mind
I'm from Cleveland notification gang my
name is Kennedy so I'd say you Kennedy
baby can see we're headed in a reaction
now with the spicy twist the Fritz
family the spicy twist we think we saw
the bear meaning oh I want to see that I
want to see if y'all know what you're
talking about
Fritz family I'm gonna remember that I'm
gonna remember I'm gonna watch it go
proud of you Queen so glad to see your
success over the year I've been
supporting hopefully we'll bump heads
one day hopefully not too hard it is my
head is hard I'm from the Bronx
are you trying to be X how do you make
the shout out to you ashlynn
your profile picture you like you pretty
to the Bronx um honey the best spice and
her profile you looking spicy baby girl
stay spicy I don't know how you do the
the Bronx next you don't really do that
I want you to say Texas misses you and
Austin oh my god it going so bad back
here even texted Texas misses you and
also Lexie Oh
Austin the city right I don't know
Austin's by a lot of houses okay look
here amor that's pretty name love queen
hands oh the video was spicy
thank you thank you thank you beautiful
diamond evany Wilson shots you you
better ride that thing like a soldier
and the bear the bear oh he's right here
hey hi Cameron thank you mean say hi I
love you guys so much you guys will be
fire a lot of people to do that
I hope so and I'm blessed and yeah we do
that we'll be starting YouTube channel
soon with the small family start tell
you to start to YouTube because I
encourage everyone to turn you to be
consistent for one you got to stay
consistent
so you can't be boring you gotta keep up
with the you gotta keep up with what's
going on if it's a challenge that's
going viral do that challenge because
that's you know you got to do it bring
something different different to you -
yeah um I'm a singer he's coming back I
want to hear you
you got to do what you got to do a
YouTube video singing how do I like hey
girlies Burnie so much teachers
muttering Kea galore shots you I can't
oh I see machi I love you guys so much
you guys inspired me do great things
Mike you don't you do love from the UK
shout out to the UK Tiana the world
Queen I love you I wish I could meet you
so bad maybe one day I will I see mafia
I'm from the motherland I was trying to
shoot my shot with patty on Claire's
live but you want to act like you see it
Miriam you need a patty in your life
we'll go get them you're going in Kiki I
like you I like I like you when you
coming back and you stand meet a meet
and greet I'm getting married in
September can you sing in my wedding
no I really you know I really don't mind
Cena I used to sing at weddings a lot
you guys it's just I'll be crazy I'd be
crazy busy now but I'm not saying that
could never happen
they'll be my first time weren't even
such a long time you're like my little
zebra EEZ so proud of you deserve run
but the best a blessed Congrats on five
million a day
shout out to you Janelle
good-looking proud of you you're
beautiful inside and out never change
how long
everyone tells me not to change
sometimes the world gets no make it cool
always stay gracious mr. vintage your
papers
I'm sure I'm another 20 through your
single mom or grandma yes grab yours try
on a single Mama's out there are single
women you fill me you can do it
you have inspire me to keep pushing
through Tina's life experience you share
to your songs I love you
in y'all I'm telling y'all y'all think
medicine like if I have more wonderful
music like I just can't wait to try I
can't wait to jump it sameer Brown shout
out to you love Queen Queen you inspire
me I might just give shout out I can't
read every one of you oh yeah oh yeah
lel shadow see you Elly oh my kills
Michaels vibe love you Queenie clearance
you so fine so fine thank you
thank you Mika's applause Oh
Mika's is by being so happy you around
people truly want to see me win that we
do something real long unless she loves
you guys please
she ain't you pretty china secondly
you're from Brooklyn
did I look he's going so fast I just I'm
sorry I love you guys on the box and
listen you're for me angry oh my god we
don't do a me agree very soon right now
we encourage anybody pillow this is
nicely so I love from Memphis Congrats
on all your success with child to Alex
Bradburn shout out to Queen breathes
sharply in Detroit
I thought the water is doing I'm not
trying to be funny I just want the
waters good influence
can your a can you're a dummy shots new
king you are done you me and those go so
fast I can't even read those and that's
why we do that oh oh oh I see that's see
wait okay if Detroit is in the building
I need you to put fire signs if New York
is in a build a tiny Jim little hearts I
want see some hearts Oh fire you and you
throw some hot sir
if you and Detroit go somewhere with
some fire up you got a lot of oh we got
a lot of New York on your line yesterday
Detroit was really no we never Expo in
New York though I'm pretty sure we said
oh alright shout out to petty petty girl
are you petty hey hey Queen just once
let you and parents know that I love you
and you're big you're my biggest role
model by the way my name is Janelle from
Virginia shots
Janelle from June Virginia oh my god
it's a dang it so it's a lot where are
you from owning or everybody from I want
to see nothing else what were you from
let me see eyes I want to see nothing
just comment where you from
Oh
shout out to caller Karla Roberson shout
out my daughter Alexa smile she's a big
fan she turned she turned me on to you
if it was for my eight-year-old I'll be
missing out on the start you are hey
Alexis Alexis miles happy birthday baby
girl I'm sorry
they go so fast oh wait I seen up with
Johnson in Detroit oh yeah we seen that
one ready girl you know
Ohio at the Ohio Kentucky New York Fort
Lauderdale you Louisiana Sacramento
Chicago oh my god I can't read a Marilyn
Sarah named Jesus silly King Street Iowa
Nashville Pontiac shots upon yet
Costa Rica Memphis oh my god
Denver bought some more Florida ATL
shout out to everywhere like its
worldwide like guys even if you want
Africa shout out to you when IG reach
out to you yeah that's crazy in our
borough salad saying Arbor Michigan you
went back okay Canada Toronto I want to
go to Kindle silver
hey Queen you ain't Chamorro white Scott
said hey Queen you and Clara my role
models I watch the videos all the time
thank you so much thank you
thank you so so much tomorrow white
Scott Congrats on five no I'm so happy
for you continue Visalia Visalia
California
shout out to Vanessa Montemayor shout
out to Alicia Lee when you and Aragon
live again nothing day by day by who
Thursday by Disney shout and stay by
Rihanna love you Queen titania keep Kia
weird minibus to you a more buzzes your
way I'm so proud
my represent represent CR royalty from
Ohio sandy
okay thank you my name is Denise I love
you guys along with my own Jane in Auto
Glass in LA
everybody wears on your vehicle shout
out to you Janine thank you well your
mom that's mine so I tried both my
window my card your honour's cooler same
thing you know very soon I'm from in
Chabot I live 80 I want to meet you I
write music so that's your shiny that's
an intense name Christian BIA Thank You
Sierra Alexander samaya shout out to you
baby girl
love you who you are such a singing
inspiration why do they okay what tell
them they got one more minute y'all got
one more minute men into that 20 album
if you guys want me to go live tonight
but yes I had them you know virus so
sorry they being so many be ends yeah do
Rock hell was that
Raquel Houston wasn't hard it off from
the music video to be on his plate but
some reason it just came natural it
wasn't hard clay you deserve this some
more I love you guys can't get enough of
y'all keep doing big things from San
Diego California shout-out to Lourdes
God
gotta well he's gotta kick morning I
went into my eighth year listen hold on
something and in my eight-year
relationship with my man had a baby the
other stuff oh shut up see you mega
blogs in your eight-year relationship
with yo man he had a baby on you or you
had a baby on him
mikage and sometimes why just happen
shoutouts a look-in buyers thank you for
showing young people to never give up on
the dream never give up when your dreams
follow your hearts do what you want
coz you do what you want you poppin no
sir
alright it's what you men to thing y'all
act to UM leave so I'll see y'all later
if you guys want to see me later then
you know I'll try to be on here later on
but I love all you guys much much let's
everyone how I get off you yes I knew it
did alright bye you guys
