I just don't want y'all to go batshit
crazy just because me and him had issues
don't mean he's not back with another
video and today this is not a vlog this
is not a challenge this is not a prank
on somebody this is me just simply come
to y'all and just talking to you as if
we were in the same room I just really
want to clear up a lot of things you
know I dropped a song
two days ago called medicine if y'all
haven't heard it make sure you guys go
listen to it because it's
self-explanatory pretty much explains
everything I felt and the reason why I
actually did leave I left the house and
I did leave Chris we are legally married
in we're working on documents and all
that stuff to officially you know
separate and I know that I was
heartbreaking to a lot of people because
we were looked up to like as
relationship goes like me was that deal
what was that couple that everybody
wants to be like I mean some of y'all
didn't really want to but majority
people looked up to me and Chris we was
on the road like it was me and him when
you see Chris you see me but you know
sometimes stuff happen in your
relationship when everything is just so
publicly you don't have no privacy and
people are constantly throwing itself
that you and like everything just coming
at you want some sometimes stuff just
happen so I am pretty sure you guys know
about the whole thing to happen in
September the whole helena's situation
when Chris I guess I got caught cheating
and you know that was really tough on me
yeah like that was tough
like it hurt bad and to be honest with
y'all I still haven't healed from that
like I haven't but nevertheless I
to stay and I decided to push through
and just see if my family could work
because this is what I wanted like this
is what I wanted forever so all of that
it's like I was getting caught dumb week
I was being called every name in the
book I just had so much heat coming at
me for staying with him people start to
think it was fake and it was just a
scandal you know so it was a lot going
on but nevertheless I decided to push
through and I've decided to stay you
know and I just felt like that was my
business and if anything else ever
happened then it would be in my decision
you know to do whatever I wanted to do
after I say you know we would do videos
and sometimes I wouldn't look as happy
and a lot of people noticed it you know
but I was trying to be happy and I was
still gonna push through it no matter
what I was just I was gonna heal and I
was gonna what I already did I forgave
him and everything and I just feel like
people make mistakes and stuff like that
but even in that it's like what I did
find out that that whole situation it's
like it wasn't just that it was more so
it was I was taking on a lot more than
what people thought but I'm not going to
really go into detail about that but
anyway I say in afterwards you know it
just began to become like this
repetitive cycle I'm not a person that
go out and like expose stuff and say oh
what is happiness happiness happen I'm
not the second person to do that but it
started to become like a repetitive
cycle in even though like the the blog
the drama blog pages I would see even
after that like you know footage of you
know him at the club and stuff dancing
with girls and this was like after it so
stuff just was like not really going the
way I wanted to go my little stuff takes
time
I know Trust takes time I know all in it
but it was a reason why I live I didn't
just leave for no reason
just seen a video I guess that Chris and
he was freestyling whenever it got
deleted but you know he said that I had
cheated on him which is not true I don't
know if he's talking about like because
before we started YouTube we asked we
separated before YouTube because Lou's
having issues even then and I felt
neglected and that felt it was just a
lot of reasons you know he would call
all the time and I just felt like our
relationship was falling apart I wasn't
gonna attention I needed I didn't trust
him I felt like you know it was girls in
the picture and so somebody came along
entertain me and I guess that's what he
called cheating but anyway after that
after we started you to like and just
was on a roll I never had spoke to
anyone else like I never gave nobody the
time of day like he would never catch me
with no screenshots or nobody like like
how you did him I don't know cost no
unnecessary beef because I still got to
talk to him off camera but I just wanna
let y'all know you know it's the reason
why I left in the read that reason is
because things were just repetitive
pointing off arguments and stuff like
that and I just couldn't deal with it
and I would go into detail about exactly
what happened but I'd rather not because
it would just cause even more friction
just know that us females never just do
stuff for no reason and we never just
leave for no reason
best believe is always something because
when I love I love heart you know and I
might not have been the perfect wife but
I was loyal you know I was loyal I may
not have cooked all the time and after
the time we was never at home or he
would be out with friends all the time
so you know I'm not really using that as
an excuse but that's just the truth at
the same time you guys I really just
thought about it and Chris is 22 I'm 22
we both young like and I and I started
to think that I was older
I feel like I was 30 years old because
of stress and stuff like that lose some
weight and all this stuff like I just
felt like I was older than what I was
and I had to sit back and realize like
wow I'm 22
niggas got married at 19 was so skull
and love like I wasn't ready to be
married yeah like I wasn't but I just
wanted to do it the right way because I
had a baby on the way and we just was so
in love and we was going to church and
we didn't want to be looked at it's like
you know was shagging that we want to
live together without checking up and
you know we just want to do it the right
way but honestly I don't feel like Chris
was ready maybe he thought like he was
ready at the time and I know that I
wasn't ready because I went straight
from being in my mom's house up under
her rules to being married and being up
under you know a man's rules you know
and I never really got that chance to go
out venture out in like find myself I
never really dated around like that I
mean high school was like kiddie
relationships I never went to college
anything like that I saw I've never
really had that time to just go out and
focus on Queen it's always been somebody
else in the picture and it's always been
Chris in the picture you don't sin and I
always thought about it too and I just
feel like after everything that
happening like I'm pretty much broken
now and I don't think that I could take
you know much more because it wasn't
just cheating that was going on it was
like a lot of disagreements we had like
about you know our families and money
and stuff like that and it just wasn't
balancing out right you know so
sometimes things happen in life and you
think you won't be with somebody forever
and if it's meant to be it will come
back together but you think you got this
plan like all gonna be together forever
but stuff just don't work out you know
sometimes people get sidetracked you
know he had a lot of women throwing a
soap
it was a plenty like girls out the but
just thorn nice of him like because he
had that platform he was big he's a very
handsome guy so I mean he had a lot of
temptation in he just wasn't able to
resist it you know and I had some
tension too but just not as much as him
because it seemed my girls are more
thirsty like guys there see that your
relationship you on lockdown so they
won't really try to mess with the girls
like they don't care they don't care if
you marry or whatever like that still
come at you and maybe a guy heart for
him you know but I told him that you
know if that's what you want to do
that's fine because I get it you still
young but just not with me just not with
me in the process I can have my heart
broken up and you know I just thought
that it would be better to call it quits
and I'm done that sounds sad but I need
to go find myself and I would like to do
whatever I want to do honestly I'm just
at a point now where that's I feel I
don't want to have to answer to nobody I
want to have to worry about who over
here who over there who you texting and
all of this stuff I just feel like it
would be a lot better you know if I just
focus on myself and had friends pretty
much that's it
that's really the conclusion my video
one more thing I just don't want y'all
to go bashing Chris just because me and
him had issues don't mean he's not a
good person you feel me like he's still
a good person you know he's a wonderful
dad he's a wonderful father so you know
make sure you you guys still go show his
love on a daddy and me channel because
at the end of the day no matter what
happened between me and Chris in our
situation
see Jake still love him he's still a
good father to CJ and I won't take that
away from him but sometimes things just
don't work out between you know the
relationship so that's all I can really
say but I love you guys and I hope you
I can respect my decision I'm going to
stay humble like it's in me like I have
no other option but to stay humble no
matter how far I go up it's always
because of God and it's always because
of my supporters you guys are God no God
and you guys in that order I'm gonna go
ahead and end this video and I hope
y'all understood everything I was trying
to say once again the medicine is
self-explanatory so go listen to it
Garrido and lyrics and you guys will get
a good understanding
