you know CJ keep being bad in the lobby
he won't sit down when we tell him so
you going by the door I keep running
around CJ get up from them come here
come sit down somewhere mister down
why are you being bad come over here
you need to come you come sit down okay
you trippin B we had a long run right
now looking at the menu use our mop of
you are you are mop of youth nearby low
to see are mopping nothing let at the
office room I guess do come on what you
got to say to the haters to the haters
yeah you know what out saw we wouldn't
you know y'all keep us probably keep our
naming something bro would you guys it
long day what that hater I'm not a boy
I'm mommy say mommy
CJ said I like it I like it I like it I
like I like
I know you do
Oh
tradies are rip do you know dog oh well
you're not gonna heat all the time
what is that cause watch what would you
guys do je t'ai french fried steak
french fry so Mimi is doing that Mimi is
doing the accent oh the Indian accent do
it
what about you better be buddy I came to
your house the other day and I was
wondering who's gonna throw a party but
I had to cancel it man because because
someone coming kill my chihuahua so now
we have to put it in a burial
I like this open
what ah what is glad it's a girl Queen
I'm back with another video I have it
vlog is so long y'all have a vlogger so
long but I'm in the car right now I'm
gonna go pick up arey you feel me um it
is December 31st and it's New Years Eve
maybe something about to bring into New
Year's you feel me I'm not to go pick up
here you about to go get some something
cute from fashion house or um I don't
know we gotta figure out we gonna just
fight because it's New Years and we're
definitely not just gonna stay in the
house so I like to start at my car take
my bunch of Airy house pick her up and
Dan y'all will see her soon in our next
clip so sighs phone so I got my girl
earring in the car will you fill me that
I was all right now I got to go to the
store and figure out we get in we're
actually going to be my other friend but
she's a lot of youtuber nothing like
that so y'all probably won't know her
but we're gonna go her and we're going
to a little part tag you don't see no
more today for the New Year's and we
gotta get cute you feel me
yeah I'm not gonna look like I gotta get
some backups working on this plan but um
I'm starving right now
you said you ate already
breakfast would you breakfast I had some
fun be parish good I'm starving
I don't want nothing fast though but we
don't have to get some fish
we go to the store and we get something
quick and then we could sit down right
pop I just have our bodies I don't
matter me alright y'all so the plan
failed all those stores are closed and
we got area over here blogging all the
stores aren't closed y'all like not even
each other the malls are closed
everything and so now I felt myself here
just Chinese restaurant arrey arrey
active bougie though she likes showing
each I need food and you know what I
didn't either but I'm sorry my nigga
hungry and there's barely nothing open
so I got you something so what you gonna
eat it's Wendy's right next door would
you rather have Wendy okay yo I'm so
sick because I got really want to get
something cute but it's okay go find
some you know I'm saying I could find
what I got and then and then I don't
know I just I should I shows out about
this last night or yesterday
order so this is a current situation
sesame chicken shrimp I'm sure my rice
she got the egg one her nest he's so
sitting up there because she eating that
egg roll
she trying to be freaky yup she tried me
freaky she got to I got one
no I did not get to well I ordered for
you because you know she could take more
to me you feel me but all the stuff but
yeah this will be eating right now and
then after we just gonna go figure out
so I'm gonna wear because our plan
killed alright y'all so last night I
didn't record the wrist but we end up
going to this little kickback Erika's
show you a move on it Hey oh my god she
came in stay with me because I
everybody's in Miami like everybody try
our mom perfect laughs like everybody's
in Miami right now and I was gonna go
but I decided not to go fritter yeah cuz
I went to yeah I want to be with Airy
him plus I didn't leave my baby I'm CJ
right now I'm he was auntie though
Chris's sister not my sister but his
sister in near the house but man we
didn't get home so win-win get back to
like is there is this a booger in my
note oh this mine is this my nose where
is it a booger I was my nose ring okay I
got hot mess right now y'all cuz like I
took my makeup off and everything but I
dropped my song last night I dropped my
song I was gonna drop it 12 o'clock on a
diet but that wasn't gonna work out
because I wasn't gonna be here and I
just wanted it should be ready for y'all
why is this so no I want it to be ready
for y'all so I hope you guys enjoy my
song that's not the only music that I
have you know say I'm gonna drop some
more music and hopefully I can take off
with it where I always wanted to go but
I always feel like I'm not gonna blame
anybody else for holding me back
but like it's like I was holding myself
back cuz I was letting other things hold
me back you know I'm saying
it was really my fault because we are in
control of our own well God is in
control first of all but we are in
control of our own destiny so I just
felt like it was like I was just
distracted by so much other stuff and so
much stuff you know so I just decided to
put everything I felt into music and
that's what I need to do and I've been
telling this girl - y'all sleeping on
Erie y'all sleeping on her Tina the
talking Tony you're sleeping on Ares she
got a voice - I saw her to jump on the
track with me hey like it up no wait put
in the comments if y'all want me arey -
gonna track together because I know
y'all do we don't we was already up this
morning listening to beats and like
right in we got some heat like we could
really collab like for real for real but
like um yeah we just didn't hear really
about to upload these videos and then
probably go to the mall or something and
that'd be in the next video that'd be a
vlog or something pi go to the mall get
something to eat and just figure out
everything we got some plans we not
gonna release the plans right now but we
got some stuff playing and just look out
for it just look out for it man stay
tuned man women power women empowerment
that's what we want to promote so - I
just knew I was gonna get sick when I
came back from Atlanta man it when I
wake up my voice sound like dude I woke
up something eerie like hey girl which
is what am i voice sound like this well
my name is revealing my morning voice so
of all the future guys out there that
always think if you really want to deal
with me you gotta get used to this
hey baby what's up good morning you want
some breakfast baby you know what if
somebody ever tried to come up and talk
to me and I don't want to talk so I'm
like hey are you doing my name quick I
you know y'all eyes do um nah maybe I
shouldn't say that but anyway we back up
on these videos
these vlogs and then get the next video
started for y'all and I just want to
appreciate everybody for giving me good
feedback for my song and y'all really
motivate me and y'all really helped me
y'all really helped me be who I am
you know you guys make me not afraid to
be myself or share my feelings and I
just really appreciate all my
subscribers and I'm almost at a million
and it's like I feel like it happened so
fast and now I feel like I need to do
something like I need to do something I
just don't know what to do so I'll give
me some ideas on that too and that's
really about it if you want to see what
I did last night go look at my snapchat
I'll put my snapchat name right here
below but I love you guys so much and
that's all good faith say bye airy
goodbye I'm staring hi I'm just queen
