yes
what's up roaches class girl queen
Bunica once again back with another
video and I am here in the override
people is Rick I'm here in the lift
right now I'd be jumping around from
place to place yeah I know I was just
back in Houston but I am in ATL right
now
and currently I'm about to look at my
nails done and I'm really like hype
about it because I'm getting them done
by lovely Mimi I don't know if y'all
know who that is but she was I love the
hip hop and like this she wrote funny
I'm gonna get my nails then I'm doing a
photo shoot today I just wanted to make
it worth my while while I was here
I came here with our mounting tray for
no reason because I want to be lonely
but I'm not to make it worth my while so
come with me today on this vlog and I
hope you guys enjoy so I am here with
the lovely
Mimi say hey again and today I didn't
she do my nails for me and I don't know
what I don't know what I'm just gonna
hook me up with what peach in Newtons
new we are going to do a peach and nude
ombre yeah yeah I mean we made advance
I'm cute yes and she looked so cute and
her to Mike she look cute on TV too but
she was skinny err no I got a neck in
real life bitch she told me I got a next
- yeah doing that grown strong baby then
maybe they hook me up
oh honey Wow look focus focus
okay
you can the eyebrows look good my teeth
I know camera do a bitch
what you say was like what what popsicle
oh look like cream or and cream
popsicles good she's up my nose up now
I'm about to get my hair hooked up by go
ahead and introduce yourself I am five
she about to beat my face a little bit
more than what I did you know I'm saying
yes she gonna hook my hair up for this
photo shoot I got me I got an arm
so I've just been up here inflate my so
pres right before my photo shoot on him
I'm feeling good she by the touch up my
makeup and then I'm out to get real
spicy yeah finally a knee yes she told
me she couldn't let me go to the photo
shoot with my makeup like it's just not
happening
yeah those you gonna touch it up for
concert
yes you got to bless me but why does she
have to blame our faces
why yeah i'ma buy her Instagram like
right here down here the names on the
show right here and y'all make sure
y'all go follow her but you gotta HCl
there's a old face ladies I didn't know
I was this bad this is nice all day
thank you I am fine no problem baby
thank you
so yeah I'm walking around the mall and
I'm trying to hurry up and get to this
photos
she being stopped so I'm not to try to
make it fast major not long everybody
say hi so I am in the lift on my way to
the photoshoot yard and I'm like so late
yeah because I kept getting stopped in
the mall and it was a lot of stuff that
I couldn't find and I want it but we're
still gonna make it work I'm a little
bit self-conscious right now because I'm
gonna be revealing a little bit more not
naked yoga revealing a little bit more
than usual I haven't been comfortable
with my body since before I had CJ and
I'm still not very comfortable but I'm
trying to like step out of my comfort
zone
and you know just really just be happy
with my own skin so you guys will see
the photos very soon on my Instagram I'm
gonna be doing photo shoots often but
I'm just see how this go first and
hopefully those will so you know I just
got done with my photo shoot
bruh I am so happy I'm so late y'all
when y'all see this Instagram photo joke
I was like what the hell Queen like what
I did not know I had it in me oh my god
I feel so good like I feel so good like
I was looking like a supermodel in the
photos like oh wait you already know I'm
excited so I'll put my clothes on in the
bathroom can't let it go edit the photos
I would show y'all snick pink but I
don't know if I should do that yet but
I'm headed to the studio next so make
sure you guys stay tuned no I'm at this
wonderful wonderful you know couple's
place yes he did my said he did my
photoshoot in this is his fiancee and
they are such a cute couple and I
totally need to start YouTube like so
what y'all go see is basically y'all go
see her face wait let me see how-- face
a little bit better she looks so
beautiful day y'all look out for them
look out for them in a day making
YouTube i'ma shout them out okay
but they need it they need to start
YouTube but yeah this is where I did my
photo shoot and it was real chill melt
good music with nonchalant comfortable
alright y'all good morning my makeup is
still oily so funny on because I came
home and like walking back to the hotel
ain't gonna show trade but it's me tre
and CJ in the room oh yeah CJ over there
asleep but um I came in at like 4:00 or
5:00 in the morning and I just like fell
out like that's why my makeup is still
on and it's still laying like what but I
must go ahead and wipe this off in I
honestly came to Atlanta like night with
no plans at all and then I ran into me
me and what my nails enemy was like why
don't you come to these um there's a
party there's like shows on front
Thursday and Friday and like once I
showed her that how I had did music she
was like you need to come Network cuz
Atlanta it's like we're all the you know
shmoney moves are so yeah it's either
like Atlanta or what you said Kelly
either Atlanta or Kelly's like you know
this that got good opportunities for
music so i'ma go i'ma go there or
whatever that's tomorrow right today's
Wednesday tomorrow Thursday so I'm gonna
tomorrow and then Friday or whatever and
see wish pop it you feel me could you
already know I gotta move
what is Abu Buddha here bro all right
what it smell like roses thank you
smelling down it's like yeah those look
why I got on just a cold I'm hungry
let's eat alright look look at breakfast
armand in a Nixon room bro we watching a
news show that's all raven well
Raven Symone it's pretty wait that cuz I
act like Omaha which you don't
don't be waking up my son now alright I
give a damn I got it it is y'all I got
it I gotta in this I'm sorry shut up
why just got this cold warm bro it's
cold I need to take off I need to take
off this makeup but it's so cute like
what if I just like an old lady when I
take it off silky a saggy I
bring the fact here here now
all right thank you why you really act
like a real old man that Sonny would be
nothing you see what damn sock you
sinner all right Romo we'll go eat
you're not eating that's our job and
that's what I do is eat I want to eat
that's all you want you know not as
lipstick as crested upon my lip
uh-uh nope mm-hmm see y'all later
