what is that CJ oh what's that
that's hot can't mommy see it yeah CJ
you say you what you happy this is the
next video when CJ is here look CJ say
hi he's sitting his chair already you
ready to open your gift yeah
you want to sit in your chair open all
your gifts Wow do you like the chair I
missed you mommy missed you so much you
look so good
who dress you hey who put that on you
hmm what is his name he put that on you
you look nice yeah all right yeah so
seated about to open his gifts or
whatever because it's 12 it's 12 we
can't wait so he got to open his gifts
or whatever that's your helmet for your
back you want go on your bike go get on
your bike CJ CJ he's more so focus on
that hold on I'll get it for you here
get on your bike first go throw your
bike this your first bike the painful TT
oh yeah you gotta push the wheels do it
ready
write it go front work baby
now you're going backwards you got go
forward in life no freaking God please
food porn I mean yeah keep going baby
keep going go go go go go
who is that CJ that's Mickey Mouse we
don't open you you gonna open your gifts
okay you ready that's the coloring book
in this that's your helmet but you're
going we going um-hmm
my gosh should I give him first you're
giving swamped wrists so I can record it
you know he go open ah you don't roll
microphones you could sing Momo oh wow
it's nice let them see it we could open
in a minute okay
that's a paw patrol microphone okay next
get put down the side another one you
got more gift
Lukie yeah you gotta put you you gotta
yeah put your back into it yeah open
what is it what you who is it you know
that is hot oh nice ah you get the fight
fight CJ
that is so nice you like it you gonna
put it on okay let's get some more gifts
but mortgage a man tried so hard it man
I was having bad luck wrap it yeah come
on
Ritt busy day yeah
oh is that he just say oh my god
that's a mask that going show gloves CJ
suka where you could look angry when you
box them what is that CJ come on Real ID
that's what you like it you got two now
and now we could share I mean now we
could both put one on you like it you
like you what is that CJ oh what's that
that's hot okay mommy's here oh that's
nice that's a big old hawk yeah yup and
you're gonna be able to play with all
your toy
Okoye okay
that's Lego baby I know everywhere a kid
a kid when you got to help them cuz
they've taken too long that's Batman
yeah you get to put it on with it it's a
costume you get to run around yep
you don't like Izzy Jerry you're not
looking at what's he looking at
everything he like oh my god it's too
much uh-huh okay with back CJ this is
another thing you gonna have everywhere
bo we'll look at his feet Wow Wow with
that Oh
play-doh in there you got Plato's he put
it right down it's play-doh you get to
you get to play play with it you gonna
make safe babies see mark what's she
doin CJ you're not done you gonna play
one of my promise what's that I got the
batteries in it but who's that
yes cat-boy it's a piano mommy gonna put
some batteries in here so you can hear
it okay you like it I know that's the
learning stuff
oh yeah I did said you got help with it
what is it CJ Thank You CJ you gonna
learn it you got numbers too yeah you
gonna like it and you get to learn and
we got more gifts too almost done though
what's men do you do you gonna mess up
my house yeah even a mess of my
authority
Joyce are you gonna get out with that
baby boy what is that PJ patrol paw
patrol it's a big old bus that got
everything on the air CJ it's pretty
much mommy
oh my goodness is nice you can't wait to
play with that huh okay next blue CJ you
I owe it more yeah okay what is that
Oh wouldn't sexy J that's a spider-man
soy you get to get out dried it you go
right anymore in a bike you think thank
you God say thank you God me and know
what's next EJ with that that's a city
it got everything in there CJ you like
it oh man oh that's cause he like loves
let's give CJ
I got this could be tried it on at the
other place and he really liked it oh
what's that you'll fight or fire I mean
firefighter oh look you gonna put it on
you go put this on one breath one day
any breath ha
ok where are you going next let's see
what you want which one you wanna play
with go get it which one
ohh ha mommy I open it for you so you
can play with it ok
you are you happy you're really happy
mommy so happy Oh give me kiss me kiss
oh okay I'm opening he pointing to it
like open it now
all right yeah so that was hip opening
um and yeah that's about it
i'ma open all these gifts for him so you
can play with him CJ you gonna fight
fight now come here do hawk dude Hawk
you know I'm about to be sitting here um
opening all his gifts he bought the one
all his gifts open tonight look and you
got hawk right there - that's your son
CJ you say you what you happy but that
was mommy's goal to make you happy I'm
very glad you said that okay I'm glad he
said he was happy all you want to open
that one now okay me you ain't gonna
open the baldies so after that that's it
no more toys okay okay you can have all
your toys EJ okay don't feel in there
unless you want me to choke your where I
love you get uncle trinket Oh
alright mommy about the openness for you
and then we got the nd say bye-bye
