oh my god Oh Merry Christmas Eve royalty
squad it's a girl queen back in a cup
with another video and I told y'all that
I did not forget about my baby like what
y'all thought so today I'm going
shopping
i'ma bring y'all with me I'm going to do
some Christmas shopping for CJ and I'm a
last minute kind of person but like I
always get it done like for example I
used to like my senior year I like never
will go to school I know that sounds
very bad don't do that seniors but I
never will go to school but I always
would go back and like literally get all
my work done and turn it in I don't know
why I'm just such a last minute kind of
person but it's okay we still gonna get
the job done we gonna get these gifts
and I'm gonna make sure I get some
really nice gifts that I know my baby
will smile about we are walking inside
of Toys R Us right now y'all and I'm
ready
I brought tre along with me to help me
pick you know I'm saying bro you're
gonna get hit by a car
oh okay I brought along with me to help
me you said you only hit by a car I
guess that's what it meant and
volunteers nope
smashes to them together why don't we
need a basket cuz we don't need one all
right
hey people isn't gonna Mac this miss
shopping money I better hurry yelling
for all the gifts run out he want me to
put the camera on him
so RTC like spider-man something here
and I know CJ loves spider-man he loved
Hawk - so I'm thinking about getting him
these masks cuz I don't know he I don't
think he got no spider-man mask spider
me a mess he love hawk so I'm gonna
probably go get him the little Hawks
over there he loved running around and
you know playing and stuff oh if I would
like this - Oh Kristin getting the same
thing as I'm about to get him bro Trey
look won't you like these
those right here yeah good my man I had
got um I picked up this paw patrol thing
it's like a truck and it got like all
the little characters with it CJ's real
miss paw patrol got it no this is sweet
innit
look he can play with it like that he is
he gonna be just like that and I make
noises and stuff so imma get this for
him now y'all know my baby loves to
fight like he always like punching and
doing stuff so I shut up I seen these
boxing gloves
these little hot incredible hug back for
a minute they make noises so I was gonna
get done and then he loves to dress up
so I was I'm getting this just bent me
you got the little suit to go with it
just how he gonna look in it
a little Batman suit with the mask and
now I think I'm about to go fine like
I don't know like some Plato or
something because CJ he loved playing
with like he loved playing with stuff
Jax had bought him some hoodie and he
really liked it so maybe I'll get him
some play-doh stuff even though he's
gonna probably get it everywhere but
that's what kids do I got him this um PJ
masks piano I don't know who which one
he likes I think it'd be this one he
always said mommy died boy but he really
is saying cat boy so I got him that and
then a little Hebe he beat on repeating
out your mommy you know when I'd be
singing so I got him a little microphone
and like CJ has to come you irritated CJ
already got like he got a I ate in a
bins and so I don't know if I should
like you don't even drive those I want
him to have something that he's gonna
like enjoy playing with I'm thinking
about getting him one of those little
red and white bikes cuz bro members last
I was at Walmart
who's that Walmart he wanted that red
and white bike and we didn't get it
maybe I should go find it but I want to
find a spider-man chair to get him but
they don't have a spider-man chair and I
know he really love it at this predator
man they got a Mickey Mouse cooler
through these I can make my memory used
to I mean he do he like me my mommy oh
this will be CJ's first bike y'all his
first bike he had he had cars and Power
Wheels and stuff like that but this
would be his first bike that he has to
ride with his feet hey here's barbed
iron but he gonna get his bike to dying
he's seen this in Walmart man and he
wanted it but we come sit in the car
so I felt like this was a perfect gift
you're gonna betray he Miletus get and
we're gonna teach him how to ride it you
know I'm so happy I get to do this y'all
because let me just hold on let me flip
this camera around I'm just so happy
that I get to bless my child well God is
listening me to bless my child this year
because
last year I wasn't able to do this I was
able to I wasn't able to just put stuff
in a bag
well you smell good as him yeah look at
all this stuff I got look at that that's
a shame
that's the pros of being the only child
I didn't have this you got Plato
learning stuff music stuff costumes you
don't love his stuff and then me and
Trey is gonna get what we get in Trey
Popeyes
I'll begin so I don't know
get it get it alright so we loading we
loading everything up into the trays car
thank God we got trade well my little
feet too but get what what this year you
drop the big stuff in here first
I'm have to go back and rip all that
stuff
Oboro you got time to help me wrap her
no you don't know I rap that was a lot
of shopping man but I got it done I got
a gun I'm happy but in the process of
what happened you're my beautiful
precious nail fell off so y'all know
what that mean it's time to go get my
nails reads on because you already know
I can't be walking around with no butter
nails bro let's go eat
sound Rosa eating them chips I don't
know let's look at Mickey's cafe
I think it's mixed Mickey soulfood Cafe
oh I wanted a van open though cuz it's
Christmas Eve are you guys open today
are you guys opens a day yeah f5
okay y'all close at five all right but
I'm even checking right now listen y'all
know what I'm saying
Marco's Pizza
well I always be - it's time to wrap
these gifts y'all it's time to wrap
these gifts uh-uh
this is going to be very very very scary
so my fancy child give rap it 101 hotter
all right I just lay the paper down yeah
I just laid the paper down as y'all
could see you would like that ended up
with the gift on top of there right so
your knuckles Canova
so I move it over just enough where
wrapping paper can kill fold over and
then I think enough would be if I could
right take the scissors and you cut
along the lines of a done grimaces in
just uh I think I hold my so broad and I
need that much wrapping paper thank God
for next year cuz you got a kid by 18
oh come you know it's pretty much
self-explanatory
I don't know I don't know why I'm the
hell I'm doing this I don't know why you
wanted to rap being together freaking es
that well trey is laughing at me all
rappin is get right I'm thinking I'm
done so I look right here right is bold
I'm trying y'all look y'all see that
over there look alright y'all see them
over here y'all I'm really trying like
for real thing now gonna put a piece a
small piece over to this thing so man so
as y'all can see I couldn't wrap all the
gifts like the bike in the couch and
stuff but I did wrap my majority it will
actually you know majority of them and
um I feel very proud like I never wrap
gifts by myself
in um Chris is about to bring CJ over
cuz about to be midnight so he might as
well open up tonight trying to see if
I'll just say that for another video I'm
just going to see the oh my lips look
Kristi's hick I'm good to see it a
wonderful look on my son's face when he
opened up his gift and you know how do I
think my piece is done a microwave I
don't get to see like the look on his
face and you know a little smile he open
his toys and that's all it really is
about it's really I don't even really
care about my own happiness just my
son's okay
so think off watch these videos stay
tuned oh all right Merry Christmas y'all
good morning it's a new morning and I
hit stop vlogging last night but I was
too tired to tell you guys that there's
another giveaway going on and in my next
video I will be announcing the winner of
the last giveaway for the night over
here but this time the rules are a
little bit different you guys have to
create a night doula account which the
link will be in the description once you
create your account you put your nodule
account down below the name I guess your
username and then you put your Instagram
name that's all the way you can enter
into the giveaway to be a winner is if
you make an a dual account so make sure
you do follow all the steps below and
the first prize is 3 bundles um dang I
need to get my nails done because this
is not cute the first prize is three
bundles 14 16 and 18 inch whatever hair
you want to be curly straight whatever
and then the second prize is it's three
windows for that one it's like a $20 off
coupon if you ever want to order here or
purchase anything from that doula
website so make sure y'all enter into
the giveaway I will be announcing the
winner for the giveaway I did last in
the next video so make sure y'all stay
tuned and CJ opened his gifts last night
y'all I didn't wait so that video will
be coming up next so be prepared
