I'm a fake Queen what's wrong with your
arms I think this is wrong I don't even
know the other thing you're looking at
me thirsty you know I'm starving
what's up Rosie quite normally but um
I've set the camera on and I was going
to come back here and turn it one but
it's already one so might as well start
my video I'm not blogging today cause I
got things to do but today's video is
going to be me in this one face is one
spot telling your mind Security's always
so John will do this video it's really
not good to tell people insecurities
because huh
hmm
oh yeah hmm good anyway sorry um it's
really not good to television securities
because people tend to use them against
you but you know what I'm gonna do it
anyway because I want you guys to know
that I don't think I'm this Shh I did
not comment but I don't think I'm all
there I do have flaws and I do that in
securities just like everyone else
okay so while I'm sitting here touching
up my makeup
I have already go to the airport because
I'm going somewhere you always see my
phone in the next video I'm so sorry
about this but I'm just trying to play
today
my job is gonna have nothing on my skin
right now by a bags under my eyes like
mad bags and ice I don't get no sleep
because I've been taking care of CJ the
whole time he was sick but I need some
more of this like men
why don't always forget to get in and
get the other one anyway yeah so um I
have about I have a few insecurities the
number one insecurity that I have sorry
number one entry to have is my stomach's
not as you guys know actually some of
you may know something I may not know as
you all know I got white foam back in
March and you know people a lot of
people was telling me that I need to
just work out when I'm lazy and all this
stuff just and all this negative stuff
about me
well of course I don't care what nobody
was saying because it's my body and I'm
gonna do what makes me happy no the
reason why I got label is because after
I had TJ I gained a lot of weight and I
used to be a tweet they still weigh like
90 pounds before before I had CJ and
then I went up to like 140 pounds you
know so that's right honey pounds are
king like 50 pounds yeah I put on 50
pounds
I really wasn't fat but my stomach
wasn't appeasing it wasn't pleasing I
don't even think the pain goes with that
sentence but I just said it because I
was like oh no he just came to stuff my
head but it was like my side was like
hanging over and like if I try to wear a
dress like I have a pouch you don't
saying it will be like a pouch over here
somewhere and people be like when you
don't worry it's just baby fat you're
gonna lose it well a lot of y'all may
not know when I was back in Detroit
before I really started youtube I got me
a gym membership up the gym I got me a
gym membership I try to work out I try
to eat right on a strict diet and it
just was not for me nothing was working
nothing was working so I told myself to
when I got enough money I was gonna get
that lipo treatment and I did and I'm
happy but I'm still insecure about my
belly y'all say why you got lipo I
thought you handled it well
ceejai stage in my 24 mo ten days after
his due date each day he was stretching
in my stomach
and since my stomach was so small when
he stretched it when they took him out
it gave me like loose skin my skin
became loose and that's like ugly I
don't like I mean I'd rather have only
stretch marks you know but I have
stretch marks that you can barely see
but the main thing is the loose skin
that I hate that's why I never take
pictures with my belly out or like only
half of my
showing because I don't like it - I went
to get it fixed
actually I was trying to get a tummy
tuck but they told me that since I have
anemia I needed to give my iron up
before I could do that because it could
be like it is very risky but tummy tuck
is when they cut your stomach and so
like take the skin off and so like just
make it look tighter so that's what I'm
that's my main insecurity I have just my
main one the of insecurities I have is
my arms I'm a fake Queen what's wrong
with your arms I say this is wrong with
my arms this the fact that I can just
swing it like that I feel like I should
be like that not that like it's just
extra affect just hang in there and
people be like well just working out
y'all right I need to I'm you stop being
lazy and work my arms up because I'm not
buckle you like well my arms this is
doing too much I can see the ability but
the arms I can work it on myself I don't
like my arms when I take pictures I had
to angle a certain way because I don't
like the way my my arms look from the
back like all this fat book my back fat
yeah I'm really like insecure about that
oh I'm so crisis about that another
thing would be another thing is my love
handles
oh hi I'd like some of y'all may not see
it but I see you when I take my clothes
off like I feel like my love handles
like needs to be in inward wait how can
I show you like this right here though
this is like you see that right here
y'all can't really see it but I'm not
gonna take on my clothes but if I take
off my clothes you'll see that like
here's my boobs and
here's my here's my waist and then
here's my love handles and then it goes
back out to my hips so it's kind of like
boobs like boobs weights love handles
going back in like they face that pouch
then go on back out like I don't like
this I like it so my stomach my arms my
love handles I can see everything else
is good I'm fine with everything goes
and you know it as I was sitting here I
don't think I'm trying on my makeup I'm
sorry I had to come lay down because I
feel light-headed y'all I think i'ma
stop this video those are the main
things I'm insecure about that's all
really it's really nothing else I I dare
not fix anything on my face you know
what
even if my face is like fat I dare not
do that cuz people be messing up they
face trying to fix their face I used to
didn't like my nose I felt like it was
too fat but I loved my nose now does
this mean I probably look I probably
look so weird
like what a different nose like this or
this or like smaller I'll probably matte
weird I need to fix my hair for real cuz
I don't know what I'm doing my hair but
alright yeah I just wanted to reveal my
insecurities to y'all I'm gonna go eat
the rest of that lunchable cuz I'm
starving
alright love you guys bye I'll see you
on the next video and guess what it's
about to be late it's about to be a
movies about to be late Oh
a
