like we could like see the players
walking in like right here already know
it's about to be rocking I got my Bros
with me you feel me I'm looking cute
with my little sweater and I'm eating
good you feel me bro you ain't not much
fuck I say what the fuck I'm supposed to
say hey alright y'all so unfortunately
my camera had died last night at the
game and I was so mad cuz like it was is
so much fun but and once ago get my baby
yesterday CJ and he's laying here when I
got in the house my baby had through it
and um he had a fever he was running a
fever and so I had took him so that I
could uh you know take care of him and
make sure he was good because Chris was
sick yourself so all night y'all I
barely got no rest like I don't hear
like probably 30 minutes of sleep
altogether I just kept waking up he kept
crying in the middle of the night you
know I kept rubbing his back he didn't
want me to put no Vicks on him look at
this y'all I even had bought like but
then I bought like tylenol for fever
pain and fever I bought I'll be profesh
I had I had got some some VapoRub for
him spits coughs
I bought a thermometer I even bought
these masks so that I won't get sick
because if we all see can't about take
care of nobody but he woke up this
morning and Trey had some pizza because
you know Trey always in Keats's and he
asked us some pizza and I was surprised
because last night he want to eat or
anything so what'd you say baby you want
to eat do you feel better is your belly
still hurting your belly still hurt he
kept waking up in the middle night
thinking that he had to throw up y'all
so man I had plans yesterday to go to
the studio without cancer them so I was
gonna do it today but now it don't look
like I might be going today either cuz I
need to make sure he good you know I'm
saying so now I think I'm just be
sitting in all day just really just
chilling
until CJ feel better but I'm hungry
myself right now so I need to figure out
what I'm about to eat - good morning
good morning jazz I'm not sick
jazz I'm not sick dude do you see this
on my face I'm not sick
yes I'm trying to keep from being sick
but girl and I had this on I'm getting
sick I'm just taking care of my baby
what y'all doing up butter uncovers
nasty are you doing y'all thank you so
oh you watch any blog what they blog
about that's what says look at Jess when
she wake up you still look cute girl let
me see you say you look like what your
granny granny pay you're cute Jeff I'm
starving just I'm starving let's go eat
oh yeah we can't cuz me Italian right we
believe enough to say well why do I want
to go like I have for what yeah all
right so quick fool around with tray it
was about to go so I have a trade-in
when I huh neither did I really
I have yesterday whatever mine
but this is going to Sonic real quick I
want a chili dog
I don't know why I'm craving a chili dog
today we're a burger I'm not sure I know
one thing do I want that put the camera
on you train
okay w jacket
all right you don't want to show his
hair today some just showed his beard I
don't have but look back look at you you
look good bro yeah so instead going to
sign it we end up going a freaking long
horn store I got some steaks and mashed
potatoes
what's your country heating some
broccoli and cheese
he got rib steak I got some freaking
rice and shrimp inside here and in here
I got wasn't here bro we always sit in
the car eating this is spinach right
here I need it for my iron just fool
this fools laughing though my poor baby
building this couch all day yeah I'm
telling you I try to get him medicine
you won't take it
so y'all see that Gatorade bottle what's
wrong CJ you don't you don't want the
juice no more oh baby you don't want it
no more it's good it's juice I think he
caught on he really smart you don't want
to take nine
why don't you wanna drink the juice baby
do you wanna watch a movie do you belly
hurt baby you want me come sit down with
you okay he just sent us everything all
right yeah so right now I'm not gonna
just close this blog off
we watching Columbia recharges hey I'm
I've just turned his blog off and fitted
it and I feel tomorrow
you
