well she is not good it's Tuesday so
welcome to Tuesday's vlog how are y'all
doing I'm doing fine I just woke up not
too long ago I actually woke up around I
would say like 10 it's like 12 now I'm
sitting here in the car waiting on
charades
oh you coming up I was waiting on tray
to get a haircut but now I'm not waiting
anymore
boo boo yeah we don't camera bro you
look crispy hey your day what's on the
agenda I really don't know I do know
that I want to book a studio session
though I got some heat coming y'all is
about to be crazy someone booked my
studio session and then bro you still
gonna go to nose shop with me my nose
piercing shop I want to change this
don't - oh just cut here at this tattoo
shop about to see if um they can change
my nose ring for me bro is this just
tell me what this is don't like I did I
did read or a dead squirrel so they told
me that they didn't have the nose hoops
to put in my nose they told me that I
need to go get the no food from like I
don't know
players are somewhere in order to put it
in my nose and he wouldn't charge me
lights so I just left and now I'm like
in dominoes about to order some
some British breaded pasta bowl and like
I don't know maybe some cheesy bread or
something because I'm starving me and I
usually don't eat this early anyway
about me today
I just got Drent well I just took a
shower and you know got fresh you feel
me
non-degree I got a man's degree
deodorant yob just because I feel like
it's stronger than women's and I'm I
like it so trey is now taking me even my
uber driver Thank You Dre Trey for being
my uber drivers I love him he's my
favorite driver don't forget you got a
faint meto
know the reason why you the best uber
drivers because you do for free yes you
do Trey's the best uber driver he'll ask
for no gas no $5 $5 per ride right no
that's proposed no bro that's too much
but look anyway we've got the guts of
them all real quick not forget nothing
like crazy but just get um I have to go
get a nose ring they didn't have them at
the tattoo shop yeah yeah yeah I met
this handsome Chuck as I told y'all so
now I'm talking with a nose ring or
whatever so they can change it and I'm
trying to have a no look you owe me
because mom
new look new attitude moving and then
I'm gonna be some I'm gonna be like suet
and braid well my baby here is out you
fool me because I just got this look
that I'm going for would cause somebody
doing something alright y'all so I
finally got hold on I finally got the
note wait hold on I'm trying to focus I
finally got the hope in my nose that's
how it looks y'all so tell me which I
think about that it's still a little red
because it was irritated but tell me
what you guys think do you like the hope
better or do you like the stone either
way I still like this one I just want to
know what you guys think I think it
gives me a little bit more of a edgy
look you don't know my dam would be
slaying that when I put my makeup boo
you already know are you hungry
Marko's feet up we Hansel I'm hungry I
won't like them mm-hmm Michael just
sound good but you can whatever you want
I'm just kidding Marco hi
are you tired of your pizza being super
dry like your wife's pussy and are you
tired of the cheese is like it's old and
getting moded well
here's a test take a bite
Marco's Pizza it's just like some
whipped
squirty I go like this I gotta bleep to
hit at hope hang on
I would like to try a piece in it like
this I'm all's piece but what is
smallest piece don't go no small pieces
this will look pretty big to me so go to
all your pizza places and tell them
Marco's Pizza will always beat you go
into you they read um pizza place is
dead Marco's be like I got a message to
like listen to Marco's Pizza will always
beat you roll out of laughs I look like
I got missing - look tell him to earth
into the air
I tell him big bullets roar sensor we
should go we should go to that
that's another slice that was very nice
I don't need no damn that's a slice I
need you to shut your wedding stuff I
think we're talking to me I'm fool I'm
fool like I got a baby in my baby bro
she is not you who watch me do I look
like that who the lydian agree
oh dang I got caught talking about on my
own camera Looney Tunes what's good with
it y'all surround fix my lane what's
good with it's a new day you feel me
today is Wednesday you girl about to get
it popping today you feel me I'm I
finish the vlog last night but um I'm
about to show y'all what's going on
right now
I got surprise for y'all to for the
ladies so stay tuned
I know Here I am standing here in the
bathroom by myself feeling amazing just
kidding but um I feel so happy right now
because like I haven't had on a bra for
like I want to say three days now I
don't know why I haven't worn a bra I
just don't really like bras like I just
like to be free but today I feel
supported you know um yeah I feel
supported but I might take this off
later cuz I really don't I don't like
bras yeah but I'm sitting up you home
saying usually maybe like saving down so
I wanna show y'all something
boom look at that right there I just got
this package and honestly I don't know
what's in here look I know this hair in
here of course but I don't know that
what kind of hair I don't know what
length I don't know but whatever I pull
out of here I'm not going to use it
myself
no matter how beautiful it is because I
know it's gonna be beautiful but I'm not
gonna use it on myself I'm gonna
actually give this away because I know
that ladies love bundles okay even if
you already got inches it's okay
so you know I'm singing rage O'Hara put
it away for a little bit and rock some
bundles so I'm going to open this box
I'm gonna see what we got in here and
whatever is in here is not going to
Queen it's gonna go to somebody out
there a loyal supporter through my love
this looks like it is a okay says
Brazilian so this is Brazilian hair and
take this out this is the 22 in oh this
is what it is it's the deep wave oh wow
the deep wave be so pretty I don't know
y'all should I keep it or should I give
it away so I got one 22 inch in to 24
inches y'all James so I would really
have some inches if I was to rock these
these are so pretty here do I want to do
a giveaway like do I change my mind
these are pretty oh my goodness
alright I'm still gonna give away or
don't worry somebody don't get it this
is a pretty hero this would be cute if
it was like a ponytail no so random oh
this is definitely a friend's whole yard
oh my god and frontals b-bomb I love not
over here I don't think I ever want to
be brand ambassador for any other hair
company like I like cuz once you get a
good brand it's like you stick to it if
you ladies once win this bundle giveaway
but this beautiful hair so you can slay
all day boo follow me on Instagram Queen
Naja underscore makes you following
ngaidol here and make sure you clip your
Instagram name in the comments
put your Instagram name your email and
your full name so your Instagram your
email and your full name okay and also a
reason why you love me don't make sure
you guys follow all the steps make sure
that subscribe to my doula on YouTube is
will not do the hair and I will see
y'all soon hey Jess I'm doing this what
you think about Nigel here Desmond I
think nadila hair is great are you lying
no I'm trying to learn Philly look it's
top quality you know I'm saying silky
smooth silky smooth muscles they do to
uh closures they don't shit
no yes y'all this years I'm doing a
giveaway you guys so and I also go check
out a coin show check out my the other
day I can do this giveaway I mean in
terms of the giveaway okay love you guys
like it up trike you say my I got it
from whisper thankful hey baby I play ho
ho there bro alright bye
