that's your heart board touch your mind
right now mom there's a hump in my nose
like my dad no James you back to help me
jump my car today
yes listening at our car broke down Mike
harden got a battery I mean uh my pardon
what is when did and they got a battery
my pardon window better not bad
everybody car doctor
bro I know what happened it strains fun
well-known he pulled my car out that
morning parked it and he probably never
close the door
oh my better than everybody that I'm
definitely make you better ego dare not
touch the light on or girl try you to
read the light ray now we'd like to try
John my car that you did what's right
the car and I was done I was going to
get my so why the battery died entry the
night before in with a far vote of you
know I know my car was dead when I went
in there to look at my guests get
something a my freaking lights wouldn't
even cut on it it was there okay tree
all right these are cables right here
just got him yesterday from autozone
$29.99 I don't know how to use this
y'all are mine how you use ease the
Domino come on since you got put the
plus in there her daddy used to work on
shit like that I don't
yeah I don't know so help me guys
pulling up so she could jump me you need
to teach me how to do this what do you
do teach me how to jump a car this right
here just the plus okay they go with
their rig or rape all right
indeed let go what but Bush it ain't
it's just so long Jess what if his spark
up I seen you do that before I know we
just want our together oh don't say that
anybody know what a black one the black
one it this orange
I was my Mustang si and I might disturb
my current Mike I wasn't even doing what
you did it
yeah you know I jumped out car jazz my
car was even dead the wrong thing so
just it was it just juiced it up that's
what it's doing
look come on let me show y'all some car
101 when a car did you got a voltage it
up so I turn my car oh nice into steel
car that's why yeah a little bit did you
got a trailer park oh yeah
all right now everybody is carpooling
dad's driving her car a tree drum he
thought my drive his car I'm driving
mine important and we are all carpooling
through the carwash everybody need a car
wash today
I really need to smell good for my car
so I'm trying to find like you know what
would smell good I kind of want to smell
like strawberries or maybe vanilla aroma
was that I want something is like
strawberry or something I don't know I
want something to go on my events though
I'm gonna put some things on my Vince oh
it's not right here oh yeah that's what
I'm getting
man don't say you're like anything yes
man wait I want to use them you want to
use interviews you can't use them right
now I'm very I'll get away for the
Midwest money to get your money
I really mad because Jazz's car got to
go in before my car that's not fair why
my car always going last let's go clean
out your car okay why does the clean up
my car over there that's bold you try
saying my stuff real dirty you probably
know it wasn't oh man I hate this look
at that card one before my office all
got bends and then I got a Jeep that's
bold no it's okay to have an American
car it's not fair y'all trying to be on
booze you have Benzes and stuff like
that it's not cool
you better stop because karma gonna come
back around y'all gonna end up with a
jeep and I may end up with a man
because karma gonna come back around you
throw in a scary that like the cars just
moving by itself like you know in
neutral like you don't matter it still
moving alone on this scary you know I
got a V because I'm like really man like
people always forgiving over me listen
boy my car like everybody card at winter
watch and it still got my car out there
just sitting near her
he's like I'm the black sheep of the
family my go-to bike here mom I love me
he was loosing the G Wagen in the one I
got
Oh
fucking going don't know why I waited so
long I let you into my heart
I was chosen way the fuck why you say
bro I'm not gonna but my car don't even
look at sweetie there bro
braum Mambro my car don't look I see you
there
back up great why thank God but it's
bliss now look at this look at my baby
being my bro are headed to the Houston
Rockets game versus pelicans and I never
ever been - I've been to a Pistons game
back in Detroit but I've never been to
like a Houston's wacky game so I'm very
excited and it's like it just happened
out of nowhere like it was like hey you
wanna go to the game tonight uh and um
that's how happening try and lock your
doors we missed the whole game you know
like we missed the whole game we get a
chance to get in we I'm sitting here
looking cute for nothing tre got our
eyes open because once we all got that
fabric they just want the ball but now
the whole game know I'm I'm using off of
you you always want to think and then
you always complain no you're always
complaining I had the harmony
what the hell is you mad at you mad at
me I'm using you abuse brokers you give
me my bag bro I got a secured a bag
alright y'all so look I'm up in the pain
right now my mom and I'll speak your
phone and I'm pranking her and tell her
that I'm about to get a nose job so hold
on mama
mom mom yeah but my mom I really but I
really want a nose job I was looking at
my nose and I seen this mama I do have a
job as you - I'm just saying my nose mom
it's a hump there touch your heart boo
touch your mind right now mom there's a
hump in my nose like my dad no mama I
don't like when I turn to the side and
it's just a hump right there okay mom
this is a brain I got you on camera yes
I do you want speaker ma no you're on
speakerphone and I and I was pranking
you telling you I was going to
my nose you say the name of Jesus I
rebuke that in the name of Jesus like no
I never changed my nothing on my face
mom I might get rid of some fat but I'm
gonna change my face but you know what I
do want to do I really do want to get
this nasty loose chitlin skin off my
stomach CJ did it to me mom it just
looks so nasty if it look like chitlins
there's something wrong no I'm never mom
I'm never got to get my blood level up
this working today
anyway moles and cream smoothing cream
or something today
