what's that ROTC squad it's a girl queen
and I'm back with another video and
right now I'm outside as you guys can
see just enjoying this wonderful
beautiful day today the Sun is out and
it is I really don't know the day you
guys I don't know why was good
sidetracked about the day I think it's
because I don't go to school anymore or
it's like I don't work at regular
nine-to-five job so I don't keep up with
the days but today is Saturday yeah so I
was going to take out my camera and vlog
earlier I was at the mall and I was
about to walk into Charlotte Russe but
this Chinese man stopped me right and he
was like sample sample and it wasn't
food it was a simple back massage all
right that back massage turned from a
one-minute massage to a 20-minute
massage to a 40-minute massage and I
ended up paying for a massage and y'all
when I tell y'all I feel like I got a
whole brand-new back it's like it felt
so good I was so tense like so tensed up
and so stressed out and you could feel
it all on my neck but when I tell you
this man just worked his frickin hands
across my back and he was trying to be
slick and ease it down to my booty - but
I told him move on back up even though
it felt good but I was gonna take my
camera and I realized I didn't have my
memory card in and so I couldn't get it
all so man I'm so mad
also I had other good footage I got I
got up CJ flirting with this little girl
like you know what I think I got
snapchat videos
always trying to get his back home in
they still added
oh he got three he got one of our one of
back yeah he was like legit Mac and he
was getting his Mac on it was this
little plate spot in the mall where all
these little girls was all these little
kids was playing and my baby was getting
his Mac on like he is a flirt
so I gotta watch out but I wait not try
to get dressed right now
he just Louis went out the group and I'm
the second slowest when I'm out the
group but I'm waiting on him to get
dressed and he want to go out somewhere
I don't know where you want to go so I'm
just pretty much waiting um and that's
about this is to break it is to break
okay
yeah but I'm waiting on him I don't know
where we bout to go but all I know is
I'm bout to vlog and you guys can see
this y'all see the shadow right here my
camera I need you trying to stick
somebody stole my holding stick for my
camera so now I'm just holding it by
itself but I'm just opening up this vlog
and I'm about to get the Sun on my eye
cuz it's too much y'all memmer I told
y'all trade was so slow I dared him to
run outside his box just wait I don't
run down the street his boxers who
coming only about to see are y'all going
bro can I record on use your for views
please can I use y'all to give you
everybody love know y'all so can I
please use your view I'm still gonna use
off of yous anyway
sidon just plain bro I love you like I
love you all like real like y'all my
bros what CJ I love you CJ I love you
Jan can I use it from you can i you not
Jan I really love you but I want to use
you put some use so is that okay
according to people I wasn't relevant a
year ago oh really
wait corn no hojae's damn why you
thought I say okay let's say can I use
your views bro bro can I use you up of
you wouldn't you know you catching on us
a way to sue the day they come out why
did you lose well you are you doing it -
oh oh oh I broke that's why I can't do
them get us cuz I say what you mean I
know good tomorrow I wanna tsunami may
God for real you make it one day they go
but what about know people got it for
sale on Craigslist Craigslist for real
and well girl you dropped her off she
won't let me go to mess with her real
quick
not much of a mess with her real quick
hey hey Tay so why you under them cover
is you ain't got no pants yeah
jazz was doing okay I don't they're cute
I was just coming you know coming here
to mess with you you could me CJ um he
got a crush don't actually hot was that
Hawk
oh by the way this is the next day I
didn't go to look that's right we'll
make wait okay wait so very much further
I don't want it I don't want to have to
go where you don't follow I will hold it
back again this passion inside camera
front of myself
they have nowhere to hide
oh look at my bro wait I love it apart
when I'm like you see know how it is a
mouth if you see you you see the rule
right through the heart of me you break
down my walls with this
I don't really need to look very much
but you don't follow I would if I could
get this passion inside Carol promises
there's no way
forever what'll make I can't do that
part
I'm
right now my car so Mike you go jump my
car for me
come on Mikey go
that our flavors
okay
No
and you give me all
it's my heart away
going going I'm gonna wear
you changed my
all right everyone
