okay yeah it's official God has come
back soon
hold on is that we in you senior we are
in you think it's literally snowing
outside right now you know it never
snows a huge one let me try to fill me
oh my god it's knowing the off do that
so we can see better yeah little friend
whoa I'm shook brothers ain't cool not
cool it's just like bro is straights
knowing it's right no one else is right
oh it's not it's no way bro and you
think I wasn't gonna blog tonight I was
gonna start tomorrow but this was
something I had to grab my camera for
like its really snowing like that's
crazy
now I got a double think about my life
because God must really be about to come
back Yanis that's scary
and then you see the fire and stuff in
LA it's the next morning man after it
was just freaking snowing and when I
look outside how do I see Jegs in a tub
right now that's what I'm doing but as I
look outside you know more snow when I
was outside this morning it was like
snow on the rooftop snow on the freakin
grass all that stuff but there's no more
snow so won't have no more snow but
right now my baby is in the best I am
just get ready for today I have a point
man I'm so freaking man but I forgot was
a Friday so I don't know what are you
going through my head y'all have to
reschedule that and then train and they
back on anyway because we've got to go
out to eat or something so we do it did
my finger hell not what the hell Oh for
what what kind of sauce is that is
blazing wait wait
oh you look so cute
your peacoat in your hair like girl
you're looking good you ain't water
you're so cute what Oh inhales great
acoustics noseless thank you boo oh my
god
jazz will you bring peace back for did
you read oh oh oh like why are you
bringing home peace in you ain't offer
none she can't even concentrate right
now what that was down Janelle bill look
fake I don't even gonna lie to you look
baby I won't let another girl's feed you
nice thinking this girl dances
so I'm currently at the mall with my
bros we've got a cooler right now and I
got me some sweaters
whatever nuts about it but they always
try to be bougie you know I'm saying I
was trying to be bougie and get get
extra you think cuz he got money 90 good
just come shopping everyday any life
isn't about flavor you can't take the
money to the grave which I guess you
ever let that go bro well then niggas
brainwash so ass
oh I just got back and look at my baby
she got to eat cereal see day what do
they I love you CJ he's so cute
you silly CJ what you've been doing all
day you been chillin
oh you eating cereal don't be doing
saying it's my baby and this is on
camera - I'm telling Child Protective
Services gonna be kids nephew well we
finally back at the house and do you
guys like my jacket you guys I just got
this today I just got this today and I
had to wear it out the store because it
was cold outside and I got a little
scarf and I got like a couple sweaters
I got a couple sweaters y'all I went to
Charlotte Russe huh
you want seahawk I got some stuff I got
like two sweaters for shower room and I
went to Urban Outfitters and got like
some legs and a shirt are y'all so I
wanna show y'all what I got from the
mall I got a couple things and you know
I cannot believe that it really snowed
in Texas like I can't believe this no to
Houston so I decided to go give me some
sweaters whatever so I can show you guys
a few things that I've got you well I
went to UM Charlotte Russe I went to
Charlotte Russe and I grabbed there's
this sweat it right here huh this
sweater it kinda like hangs off the
shoulders and like in the back it comes
down a little bit longer and then
there's a little thing in the back like
a little hole in the back of your back
but they hang off the shoulders and it's
really really really cute I love olive
green that color is fun nice and then
this right here is like the scarf the
scarf did you like loop around your neck
that's the one that I had on with the
jacket so that's real cute and then I
got
yes EJ you can open the door go tell try
to put on hock for you you want to try
to put ha : and this is like another
sweater that I got from ear
this is like another like jist long
sweater oversized sweater and it's
really really really cute it's like
drapey and it's really cute so I got the
two sweaters from Charlotte Russe and I
got the scar from Windsor
and then I went to Urban Outfitters and
I got this this white hand golf shirt is
really cute this is like the texture but
at the end of the sleeves what I like
about it is like it kind of flows out
like that it's really really - when I
put it and then I got these like sweater
leggings
oh yeah you want on a blimp - toys hold
on okay let me finish this video then I
got these leggings which are very very
cute and it comfortable and I think i'ma
wear those with the green sweater and
then I got this this turtle oh snap son
okay I got this like is it is it zooming
out on is not focusing then I got this
this turtleneck dress it's really really
cute so they just like the texture of it
it's like huh it kind of comes like
right here it's really cute y'all and
then i'ma wear this with i'ma wear this
that that dress with this um it's like
this black cardigan sweater cardigan and
it's really cute and i'ma wear it with
some black boots and I got these black
boots from Windsor I'm gonna show you
like one pair I mean once I got these
these are really really really cute on
the back is kind of like elastic and
they really like waka cute
I had a pretty good day I was very
surprised about the snow but that that
allowed me to get some cute fall why not
fall because it's really winter is
December wow it's really December so I
miss playing ball you guys I'm so
excited for what is to come
I'm just so excited awesome um I'm gonna
go ahead and end this vlog I love you
guys so much stay tuned for the next
videos and no matter what you guys queen
will always be queen all right time to
go love you guys
