we're all y'all like my shirt say don't
text him back girl don't be sex me a bad
girl
well sex I'm back don't let him even get
your attention but want you guys to
watch me walk up the stairs is my new
way yeah you walking up the stairs like
she walking up the stairs isn't she's a
kangaroo queen is that a spider at all
yeah behind you it's right behind you I
don't know
wait I don't know fine okay we're just
gonna plug each other blogging then yeah
I'm gonna vlog and vlogging I'm gonna
vlog jazz blog like hi I'm here vlogging
how are you guys I'm vlogging how are
you Queen get out of my blog okay sorry
buggy buggy buggy buggy buggy buggy I
know her but your booty smell your
butt's my your own bun
okay we start there I could fall in love
with you look you could fall in love
yall already know what's about to happen
when it's why I go eat
well it's only happy to squat right now
I just gotta but the squad is here
weird the squad is here Hey look at look
at me and try it bossy look at me and
Trey bossy don't you good I don't know
what I'm getting I'm gonna look at my
car's stinking shrimp hey I don't like
you don't know oh no I don't know if I'm
getting steak a shrimp I gotta see
oh hey but look check out my baby before
yes look at them finest heck what you
don't try empty let's go to Applebee's
feature should I decide I want to sit by
him in vine because jazz and jazz and
Trey got all ready and today today I'm
my blood I'm a crib which I want to
drink - I would like to drink some
Hennessy and coke and rum oh I would
like some water please
hey like a baby
say hi to my say hi to my life right now
I got about 1,800 people viewing right
now I don't know what's going on right
now what's going on so whatever they
sitting on a couch very
so we is going to enough Christmas
special
go ahead and sing that song baby dashing
through the snow in a one-horse open
sleigh about is making spirit yes was
here guess who's here my beautiful
beautiful son I love him so much I got
the dirt come over here
CJ leave that alone curly Q head come
here
go over there what Emily come here go
over ever Ian what's her name M you said
no CJ she you made her sad go get her
go give her a kiss hurry up CJ but you
saw me
good morning CJ CJ hey baby what's wrong
good morning what you want ray come on
come watch TV so mommy can take a shower
and stuff
why not CJ look at me I love you sweet
cutie pie sweetie pie give me kiss my
okay go downstairs bye go go mommy don't
want you to bother look down
all right bye CJ what come here
why what you want what you want you want
watch TV all right come on okay come on
okay come on
um you want me to come in there with you
but mommy want to take a shot where CJ
and you gotta let me take a shower
poopoo you wanna put you on the bed all
right come on come on step on a bed come
on
see you go watch TV for mommy you let me
sit down
CJ mommy don't want to sit down I want
to take a shower yeah look look at TV
watch spider-man I love you hey mommy
sit down what yeah watch spider-man okay
let mommy record a little bit more okay
hey hi hi guys hey I love you oh yeah
yeah um um what'd you do that for
anyways I must get ready for my day
today is Monday Wow
today is Monday today's Monday and um
yeah I just want you guys to know that I
love you all and I thank you so much for
giving me - 800,000 subscribers I love
y'all and you know what when I first
started my channel to be honest I really
did not think I don't know why I didn't
think like I didn't have confidence in
my channel like I didn't think that it
would do as much you know I'm saying
because everybody was so used to
everybody just wanted to see you know
Chris McQueen Chris McQueen I didn't
think that anybody you know would be
happy just watching me you know but I
really appreciate you guys so much and I
love y'all
and I am going to think of something
great to do for y'all for my subscribers
it's not just in here giveaway but some
good old gifts like for Christmas a
Christmas giveaway okay so stay tuned
for that y'all give me some ideas okay
because I just really appreciate y'all
so much and I love you guys so much like
if it wasn't for you I wouldn't be here
today you know I'm saying like you guys
are the reason why I have my platform
you guys are the reason you guys watch
my stuff y'all like it y'all comment
like y'all y'all give me feedback and
y'all are really a blessing and I just
really thank y'all for that okay and I
thank God - so I'm out to get my day
started and edit this video and start on
the next video so love you guys let me
know what y'all want to see as well oh I
got that video coming for y'all too that
insecurity video so stay tuned alright
love you guys
you
you
