oh thank you daddy so much thank you
daddy
so fine so what approach is quite a girl
queen be back with another video and
currently I am just walking in the
hallway and today's Sunday y'all look at
my leg it's just so skinny like just so
skinny but um like I am lost oh I got
that strip I'm lost right now I just
don't like know what I want to do today
like I have no idea you ever just wake
up and you just don't know what you want
to do like you just want to sit all day
and just eat and just do nothing like
that's how I feel today like I really
don't feel like doing anything actually
no I do feel like doing something it's
just I'm undecided I'm not sure what I
want to do you know like I haven't got
dress it's like three o'clock in the
evening like I haven't done anything
really productive all day like I don't
know like it's just sometimes I'd be
having those days like I want to go back
to the studio today to finish up um to
finish up my song but I gotta know
exactly what I'm up late like what
ad-libs and stuff I'm gonna do for the
UM for the song and I haven't got that
done yet so maybe that's something I
need to do but right now I'm hungry
I wanna eat but let me show y'all why
I'm like kind of contemplating I eat it
this way I want to go out cuz it's women
enough guy like it's boring right now
mr. women y'all can't really see the
rain can you know oh you sure can y'all
see how that rain like I don't want to
go out and all that rain like it's a
rainy day I just want to chill at home
get ordered some peace
Oh bro bro let's order some the heavy
why didn't I think of that row row so
happy though we better get some pizza
bro oh I'm so happy
where's our mom bro like I don't
understand but like trey is like that's
my brother but this is like oh I always
like you like my best friend like the
real fruit ain't you Trey you gonna
drive I'm not weird
I'm not about to put on your clothes I'm
just about to points in the club cuz
this ride the street anyway oh let's go
let's go give you food it's a tornado
warning oh my gosh it says emergency
alert tornado warning
oh heck II nah bro so was we still gonna
get these Indian come on let's hurry go
now you you won't get decent doin
tornado yeah alright pull my flip-flops
this other windy hurry up we gotta go
hurry hurry get happy one about to get
peace again he's turning his light say
you want it
what would another you might move try
got a turkey okay but it's like it's
like mini blood roll your windows it
lets run windows up we gotta hurry go
pro we gotta get this pieces
automatically turn on the windshield
wipers I didn't just do that bro why the
reigning is supposed to be winners you
ought to hit my car my truck along in
this muttering oh yes we're gonna live
it out in their back yes so right now we
had to go be some some Marco Rubio over
if y'all don't know what Marcos PC is
John sleeping like y'all trippin be
finally here and we got to go through
waters rain to run in here or this piece
of dog are you going in you want me come
in too
wait a commit is she bringing yeah see
you me am I here go get way
oh that's left my car oh we gotta go
back to you cuz I live my cards ooh cool
I love my cards ooh dog we got here all
the way here and left our cars
I swear me and Trey like the same people
Milman
so we decided we just gonna call because
we just heard a big thunder
talking about the Carla order and then
we don't come people
I think we got a cardinal
hi I would like to place the order for
carryout okay what you want to give one
give a large pepperoni
like a more like a place to us
hello you think one will be enough all
of it but
learn oh my god yes we got our piece of
finally and I should have recorded it
but I was calling a piece of man daddy I
said thank you daddy thank you daddy
it was just laughing smile he liked me
so we back here again because he forgot
our pops Oh daddy forgot our pop I know
I'm starving
there's my cheese breathe I know oh yes
open that again
Oh fire all right beep the horn when you
bring my pot back I'm about to be late
thank you daddy I called the piece of
man daddy oh thank you daddy so much
thank you daddy
so fine so good no this is my low mini
person speaker
oh yes Jesus thank you Jesus so much she
doesn't like a good old piece of dog I
got a pic a lot no they don't
which is people really pay taxes they
say they make they already say they said
they make the poor in the middle class
pay honor taxes thank it's nice to keep
the rich richer parts how you so cute I
got the camera all right Jess I'm sorry
Jeb got a little jealous look at jazz
face she'll like yeah she was mom was
like yeah you better stay off my girl
Jess I'm gonna take your girl okay I
can't take today I can't take you oh
that's good this girl's right there
give a kiss on cheek oh you're vulgar oh
my anyway
it's why you irritated yeah we'll just
think you're talking about the
government and you know what I was
wondering why do we have to pay taxes
like I know that you know I already know
we're supposed to but why do we have to
owe the government you never you never
like what why like what's the reason
behind it
what is the reason like we work like if
you go to work and you work hard for
your money why do you have to take money
I think we should do a petition to take
away Texas we feel like Canada Canada
igano Texas don't have none no it's not
fair like we were that's don't diss my
Canada is everything is more higher they
probably paid $200 pejorative in Canada
Jordan I'm like 350 but they don't help
Texas so they good yeah that's
irritating like all these stuff is just
hiring I'm just thinking like I just
really thought about it like cuz at the
end we don't have to you know oh oh IRS
would have government whatever if you
make you know a lot of money right why
do we have the older government just
because we worked hard to make a lot of
money like it's not fair after we'd be
paying for like they've talked about
we'd be paying for like health care and
all that stuff and paying for it not
really know all that money don't go to
that stuff that money goes to that money
goes to them all the rich people I feel
like oh no me any fear is it just you
know but let's just go barks Oh y'all if
y'all go to any other country what would
it be Canada yeah Canada would be for
making this more cuz it's still diverse
yeah we have our you know colors it's
time like the US but is tax free and
they police also nice yeah alright kind
of got the best this way you don't
matter about any country or any matter
God is with you this is a perfect
example of why two different con I enjoy
breach I like the United States no sure
we have freedom but really to be honest
we don't go
oh they missed seven of my 400 per
person they spell it slaves again wait
so who though so I guess I don't know
what it's done to wait in the pictures
it's like me and buying them all of them
all the customers are white that is kind
all the product right like this that's
how slavery first I look and they just
going over there and they're just taking
them say they just like making them
white like hey you gotta come with me
like that's what they say until it was
like they making them it's like just
like I'd I need the regular Africans in
Africa Africa they what everybody's
doing like hey you got to come with us
my they doing it right they have no
choice it's like they've been good today
how is that even possible grow cuz they
because they system they said a
government system is like so you know
I'm saying we got a president so they
don't have they they got my rulers
robbed that means you just repeat
yourself
then we having a real strong like gummy
life if you know how we got police so
they invited if I can the fourth day
like commies on the streets in just they
can't they can't afford a this is
different countries that's why I'm me
money yeah I'm kind of glad I live in
the United States too but still glad
that it be messed up there was still a
chair even when there's a line
yeah yeah this was today I'm gonna buy
the upload disk because I don't so like
uh I was just I'm uh I'm gonna upload
this video and it was just a piece of
day I was just light with the piece of
man and you know each other yeah I call
him Danny and everything yes Daddy
yes Daddy but everybody know I'd be
clean around so all right I got another
video coming for y'all I don't know what
it is yet but we gonna see all right we
gonna see you guys peace
