with a rosy Scottish girlfriend
etiquette once again back with another
video and today is Saturday so welcome
to Saturday's blog Yara I did not blog
yesterday I wanted to vlog if stirred at
you but it was just too much going on
like everything started late so I just
decided to do something today and I'll
try to post another video today will to
just you know catch up but right now I'm
currently at the studio as y'all can
hear in the background definitely
singing by the way this that's eerie I'm
just eerie but I'm here with Trey airy
and then her friend and then I'm having
a session afterwards so I'm not gonna
start recording something and I'm not
going to show you guys I'm gonna just
let you guys let it marinate and watch
get a Grammy hey y'all like My Little
Ponies now up here like my low ponytail
yes yeah you look like Jesse you you
think every time like he did talk about
me out he bring her over everything all
right he'd be like that's all I said
yeah this before here so we just left
the studio and I asked Trey can he bring
me to the mall because I want to go to
the store and get something good CJ
right now I'm free but no I want to give
something up from Mike
okay we go we gonna eat first because
he's starving I'm starving to be having
this headed a pet so I'm currently in a
pink store and I got these cute blue
things show y'all when I get her to the
house good morning y'all
so I did never I never finished the vlog
yesterday um we were at the mall I think
we're at the mall and I had went into
the store and got some some stuff from
pink or whatever and after that me and
Trey I don't know if we ate before after
that we ate we had on I don't even know
Harper now said you guys probably know I
don't know you probably know what I'm
talking about but it's felt like sbar
are OS is like pizzas stuff they're like
breadsticks and um that's a Sbarro's we
ate that and then like I I did not want
to go out but like you know I'm just
eerie if you don't know who she is it
was her birthday and that's where we
went last night week and then we came
back here it was like 3:00 in the
morning and um I've been I've been on
staying over here for a couple days but
sometimes I just like to get away you
know but um i'ma go see my baby today
we're gonna get my baby and see what he
doing CJ and probably take him somewhere
or whatever but I want to show you these
little outfits I got from pink clothes
all right so so anyway I just thought
these were so cute and I bet y'all I
barely go shopping like I never go
shopping
I think but I was this like this Lissa I
never ever go shopping I just woke up so
that's why my hair looking like this in
my skin and everything but I never be
going shopping for myself like I barely
do like that's why I barely have clothes
but anyway I had got
I got this pink just pink hoodie it's
like red and I just thought it was so
cute and then I got like some leggings
to go with it and I barely buy stuff
from pink to because I just feel like
everybody wearing now but I've seen some
cute stuff in here and these are like
the little pink leggings you see these
leggings
Thanks so cute and then Trey I want to
get the gray hoodie like this but trim
was like get this one so I got the pink
one to go with it and that's what I got
from there yesterday and then I picked
up some I had picked up some sweater
boots some uggs or whatever that I had
when I was like I had these when I was
playing pretty with CJ but I just threw
my old ones out so I got the same exact
one it's like the same exact boots I
just love these boots so much thing so
I've seen him in journeys and I had to
go get him again yeah I had to go get
him again and really that's just really
how this is really how everything went
like yesterday but y'all I got some more
videos coming um soon I know like one of
them that I want to do that I see other
people doing is like revealing revealing
my insecurities and I just want to tell
y'all and like share what y'all what
like I feel like everybody has
insecurities you know I'm saying like I
feel like everybody has at least one
thing that they they don't like about
they so or did they like a little bit
insecure about maybe maybe you know you
don't but I like majority of people you
know do or maybe people just like
everything about yourself but I have
some insecurities or whatever debt does
not mean that I'm insecure though like I
feel like this that's different like
being insecure and just having
insecurities are two different things to
me maybe not to you but to me and so
i'ma do a video revealing those I got
about like I got a few things I could
tell y'all about
I'm insecure about I could tell you lot
of stories behind it and everything so
that should be a good video but I have
to find his arm to do day because
yesterday when I was in the studio um no
I have nothing why not just jump from
one subject to another
at the studio I just had to find time to
do it do the video because like now I
want to like focus more on like getting
songs I have you want to look our nails
done it like because I'm just focused on
like other things you know so I'm gonna
try to go finish this song today at the
studio not finishing like add some more
touches or whatever and I I really I
really want to drop an EP like I want to
drop a mini-album for you guys cuz I've
never really got a chance to I've been
telling y'all that um I'm gonna start
with my back with my music and I never
look out a chance to you know just start
doing it so now it's like I'm ready I
got like a lot of time on my hands and I
need to just not be sitting on my talent
but excuse me
but yeah and that's about it I'm about
to go get in the shower though cuz I
look a little wakey wakey wakey wakey
well baggy beneath the eyes I need to go
get a facial though because um oh my God
look at this y'all like I'm so not used
to having on nails anymore like they
just they're just so bland
and you should look at my nails I think
I'm gonna do that today yeah it's
already like one two I need to get up
and do something so I might just edit
this video in it upload it and then I'll
start a new video for today so hope you
guys enjoy this and I love you guys so
much
my lips look ashy alright I'll see you
on the next video love you guys
you
you
