good morning righty squad it's a girl
queen I just got the shower and right
now I'm in my sister-in-law house or my
mother-in-law house we came down to the
tree to celebrate Thanksgiving with our
families
his family happen to be having something
first and then my side don't start to
like later so I'm going to be feeling a
little bit of that so did I say Happy
Thanksgiving already I don't know but
right now I just got the shower I'm
getting dressed I wiped off all I make
it and this right here in case you guys
don't know is a frontal okay and i'ma
show y'all how I work with it this is a
Brazilian curly here from nod doula if
you don't know about Missoula get to
know it honey cause there's some good
here I must show y'all how I maintain
this and I'm gonna be getting ready and
putting on some makeup and show you guys
my outfit because you already know I got
to do the most just to eat second on
this plan okay so this is the hair when
it when it's dry stuff when you go to
sleep on it and stuff like that
you want me to gentle your friends'll
because you gotta realize does not show
here so you can pull it out of the net
I'm gonna just like separate it a little
bit you know it's not really tangled to
be honest usually he'll take a spray
bottle full of water right and I'll
start spraying my hair and wetting it up
and then with this comb you know start
from the bottle and you know detangle it
in the spray bottle I'll pick some
detangling conditioner in there like a
little bit conditioner at the bottom and
then put some water and shake it up and
then
afterwards up at this wet and wavy wet
jail in it and then give it like a wet
look and across just become so pretty
like you bring them tonight well since I
don't have this free bottle I'm gonna
just take some water on my hands
then I'm gonna get some water
and put just a little bit in my hand my
beverage on my leg so now I got my hair
wet up y'all see and I look actually
gonna give you a better view with the
lighting this is how it's looking right
now that it's way okay and then I'm
gonna detangle it and then put some wet
chilling
I'm just starting from the bottom and
just you know start to comb it out
once again the link with being a bio for
this pair if you if you like this here
and you want a fronts or so in or
whatever the link will be in the bio
this is not duel the hair the best here
yet and I always use it and that
chocolate really see it on the shadow
light a hair is only like a little bit
on here you don't even shed a lot even
when you call me and then I went to the
other side the same way and then I will
show you all the after a fit okay
as y'all can see this is how it looks
now after i detangled it and then did my
method put the water in it the
conditioner um and it feels so soft
water conditioner and like wet jail curl
activator is so pretty huh it's so
freakin pretty not Dola here get your
Sun book oh yeah so I'm gonna start
doing my makeup right now oh man these
bags is something terrible imma start
with my eyebrows honey because your
eyebrows really make you
okay so now I got my makeup done I'm
gonna put on my clothes and then I'm
gonna get CJ dress say hey baby say hey
what would you want Barbies fun boy yeah
anyway I'm gonna put on my clothes I'm
gonna show you on my outfit because you
already know you're you know I got the
doodle mouth
I need a fade this wing got little more
just wing too long for me I need to fix
this wing thought I'll show you on my
outfit you know I'm saying just thought
I had told y'all was gonna get real
spiffy on y'all
so jump on get real spiffy on y'all you
can call me red velvet boo okay you can
call me red velvet okay okay yes yes hey
CJ you dressed up for Thanksgiving
this is my dad in law say hi CJ give a
kiss love you hey sis
why are you looking like this why are
you looking like this
what black people always doing it talk
about somebody else's food riverboat
algorithm complaining about the role
what's wrong
watch this job I gotta hairballs you
turn it up watches alright y'all so I'm
about to go walk in and surprise my
cousin she had to work today on
Thanksgiving and she don't know I'm
coming up here there you go my cousin
right dude hey why are you why are you
walking yeah Network Oh - so cute Yama
she's to watch me when I was five four
three two y'all meet her and then I also
used to go over miss wait a minute maybe
she came up with them but not funny and
he plus-sized that's nice easy on that
picture when I'm trying to zoom in look
right here y'all know the picture me
sooo cute she is going to another
wondrous this is my other guide my hi
Queen a hi I have so many got parent hi
in the city of its Lainey Michigan and
um that's my god brother say hey Devon
I just came to I just tried to come see
everybody since I was out here I might
might as well make it worth my while
and what is Lee what is one thing you
remember me saying when I was little
please she was a superstar when she was
widowed and she said my mom smokes
cigarettes cigarettes Rita she used to
babysit me I used to cry up at night and
I used to try to make myself feel better
cuz my mom used to smoke cigarettes and
when she was at work I but it's okay she
just she just going to the gas station
and get some cigarettes cigarette sprays
good they all think my mom look alike
put in a comment below please don't do
that
yeah so mean know everybody mama okay
look like you you beautiful like your
mom
yes but definitely I got it from my mom
she get it from my mama
hey so good morning it's the day after
Thanksgiving
in as usual
I wake up you leftovers
hmm I got green beans tennis Tomatoes
ham ham turkey chance oh whoa hmm hmm
looking at you look I'm eating I already
ate my greens I already had my hands now
I'm working on mac and cheese it tastes
so good in the morning time nothing
always tastes better ma'am Dean imma go
downstairs without a fire you already
know boom I'm about from leftovers all
right
so yet today is Friday which is Black
Friday and I'm not really so crazy about
Black Friday shopping because people be
standing in line spending the night in
tents bro all for 20% off like what are
you seriously doing to be good
anything better deals a day after day
yeah I'm gonna wait to like I'm away all
the deals really come after Black Friday
people don't know that they not woke
they're not really whoa it's not really
no point of going shopping for Black
Friday Kristi he did a little bit
shopping yesterday I might do just a
little bit today cuz I want some other
boots for my feet
hold on somebody called me
hello yeah girl
okay save me a piece all right no my god
mom she says she has the lung from
leftovers from her cheesecake and stuff
I'm gonna give me some cheesecake but
yeah just have to end this vlog because
I didn't end it last night I went with
just a recap I went with Chris family
first then I went and seen my family
well to be honest with y'all my family
is kind of like scattered my sister and
brother isn't Alabama what they did and
my I was in Alabama but she came back
down to Michigan so I want to go see my
mom then I want to go see my uncles
yeah I want to go see my uncle and my
auntie but that was real quick because
by the time we got over their life
nobody was really doing anything anymore
so then I want to go see my godparents
last night which I'm seen in like years
like some kind of little so yeah that's
about it I'm just sitting here probably
bout to get up get ready and get out go
do some little salt Lawson oh yeah my
baby because they're having a big
birthday party today so I might bring CJ
there so just stay tuned for the next
vlog and I was gonna wait to go back to
my nail lady in Houston to get these
redone but this thing right here just
low nail right he was hurting so bad yo
I'm like it's hurting so freakin bad I
might have to get this one taken off but
yeah love you guys good night I mean
goodbye I mean have a good day
