good morning Rosie's glad it should girl
queen and I just woke up as y'all can
see I look a hot mess and my baby is
right here he just woke up when I
started talking and I actually got CJ
some breakfast over here and some apple
juice because he has a dentist
appointment at 3:00 in the last time he
can't eat is 11 o'clock so I'm not to
feed it to him right now
good morning baby how you get so dirty
was your doing last night yes plan was
crappy you got dirty mommy got gear bad
want to take a bubble bath hmm you want
eat first okay
you're gonna eat some oatmeal first you
want a banana you want oatmeal
I'll cut the camera off but to feed him
he just start feeding himself you like
oatmeal I love you I love you you ready
go to the dentist today oh yeah I feel
so bad they might have to extract his
tooth the one that's missing not fully I
might have to take that one out and put
caps on the other ones because what
happened was when he was like around
when he was still on the bottle I took
him off when he turned one but when he
was still on the bottle he could not go
to sleep without a a baby's not supposed
to had a bottle and a mouth when I go to
sleep all through the night and stuff so
it decayed his teeth but I'm not going
here to let him eat and they were gonna
take a bubble bath
what's wrong your belly your fault
hmm okay go pick up that bottle of my
baby hey he followed me to the bathroom
go pick up your own meal
don't take it downstairs okay don't
currently run on a bubble bath but CJ
now I'm so antsy man I just hope they
don't get their bubble bath I love you
in that Buzz Lightyear
so don't mind this turban I got on my
head is just because I was watching that
CJ and I want my weed to touch the
bathwater but I was watching him up and
um something just melted my heart I
don't know where like he always does it
but I don't know every time you do it in
milk my heart like I just be washing
them up or something or just playing
with them or just laying down next to
them and I don't know where he'll say I
owe you money
CJ you love me say I love you mommy
I love your neck it make me feel so
great okay like so great like you don't
know real life until I get a freakin
child I always do this y'all every time
I get him off the tub I just hold him
like a baby and I know that he - he's 2
years old by the way you guys oh and
also by the way he wears pull-ups and
that diapers get it right ok but I
always told him when he get out of the
tub because I'm just he was a baby
I miss when you was a baby CJ oh don't
say googoo gaga he know that baby say
googoo gaga so he's saying don't do that
you ain't no baby no more you still my
baby but you not a baby clunky dress
yeah you me cuz I love you yeah I was
also so bad for my baby CJ because he
ate at 11:00 this morning but he can't
eat any time after that cuz his
appointment is at 3:00 so he keep asking
me to eat food he can have something
drink though but hold on I'm gonna get
you Baba so apple juice
here I can give him juice and stuff but
I can't give him anything to eat until
three well until after his appointment
so I'm finally dressed y'all and I'm
ready to go I might go downstairs and
get CJ and you bout to go to the dinner
so I just hope my baby okay like I just
really don't want him to go to pain man
so we just gonna see how this goes
don't get your teeth clean you gonna get
your teeth done that's okay baby about
to get an x-ray so we back home right
now and unfortunately they couldn't even
do a procedure on CJ's teach because
somebody over there sent him a sandwich
before we left you said in the last time
at the last time that I was supposed to
be there was 11 which I did I didn't
know that Josh gave him a sandwich
so he went supposed to have food like
because they said with the sedation the
medicine that they gave him he'd be
throwing up constantly and they didn't
want to get in his lungs
so we got away all the way to a Sunday
and 10:00 in the morning and he won't be
able to eat nothing like four hours
before but right now I'm just eating
some chicken teriyaki from
jack-in-the-box and I know that's weird
cuz it's like how fast forwards from it
is so good
let's everybody squash it girl communica
once again back with another video today
I'm just decided to vlog well it is
about a snap
it's about 451 in the evenings might be
5 o'clock and I don't know why I chose I
don't know why I chose right now to
start making a video recording video but
I wasn't going to record anything and I
wasn't going that today just fly but let
fly pass because I just felt like it was
too late but it's not too late cuz the
Sun is still out and the Sun is still
shining so today I woke up at 11 o'clock
and then I went to go meet with someone
that had a meeting about some things you
know just because I'm trying to fit in a
social media and I just decided to talk
to the church that I go to her the first
lady
so the pastor's wife you know I had a
good talking to her lunch we had lunch
at bill green Bella green they have like
healthy foods and stuff there but right
now I'm on my way with mmm vine to go to
go look for that look for but fill out
applications or whatever for what all
their new apartment so that's what I'm
doing right now and so today I'll be
vlogging so welcome to Friday's blog
love you guys oh oh he's thinking tread
on my song I'm telling hey and what
you're doing man my camera is about to
die I'm so mad yeah hey so my camera
died when we were out so I couldn't even
record the rest but basically all I did
was go with Emma vine and check out the
apartment that they supposed to be
getting it was really really really nice
it's over they actually real close to
train our mind but then after that I
came back here and I put on some some
comfortable clothes or whatever and
these are like my favorite slippers to
wear like they must savor it like I love
these slippers I need to get some new
ones cuz it's so dirty and I got a
pedicure today finally let me show you
all my little ugly toes I got a pedicure
they so cute don't talk about my dogs I
was going to just not even post nothing
today because I felt like since my
camera died it just would be like my
blog would be all over the place but I
just have to learn to keep moving just
keep pushing like no matter how no
matter how crazy my vlog may seem or how
all over the place it may seem so I'm
back here now and CJ and Chris was out
all day together and um Chris got his
hair cut and they were I guess they went
to the store because I seen footlocker
bags and CJ got some outfits and stuff
he got some like adidas shoes and some
stuff like that I don't want to take CJ
shopping for the longest I was going to
a cook
but I think Chris is actually about to I
think he had already made plans with his
friend um well Jordan to go watch the
game so I just feel like there's no
point in me cooking
if he gonna watch the game so imma
probably end up going out to eat again
really really I should be cooking for
myself but my type of person like if I'm
not cooking for other people too I don't
know why I do that like if I just got to
eat like I got to eat if I don't need to
if everybody else don't want me to cook
so I'm probably gonna go to papacito's
and y'all see me go there a couple of
times in my vlogs like I love that place
but I really need to be staying home
it's a cook but I don't want to right
now so I don't wanna get ready too as
far as Thanksgiving like our family both
me and Chris um both of our families are
from Michigan his family is there
Michigan and mines
my mom is in Michigan or whatever and my
sister and brothers they would say data
Alabama so it's like our families are
kind of spread it apart for Thanksgiving
I don't know where we're gonna go down
here for sure but I'm still trying to
figure that out for Thanksgiving other
than that I really don't know what else
I just gave CJ a bag yards of his robe
slippers
you like a Batman flippers Josh let me
sit on nipples Josh got naked for the
camera and I'm just sitting here
enjoying this fruit bowl Christina get
scrappy Dappy by CJ plan with him right
after you got the toes but this was
basically my day today
15:01 I'm probably going to be one now
to eat and then I might do I'm coming
I'm in recording I'm coming I wrote a
song for my CJ about probably now like
three years ago before it before he was
even born
or two years ago and I wrote it for him
and I never recorded it so I'm gonna go
record it tonight it's the studio guy
answer
can he give me the runaround
stop CJ stop beating a dog Jordan I see
you over there eating that food why is
it a bunch of boys in my house oh my god
no wonder I smelled like this I'm I'm
just kidding
only price I don't think it's my baby CJ
hey scrappy don't do that CJ need to
pick about his toys boy pick up the
stuff but about to end this man and just
post it just just posted because I'm
tired of just record and footage you're
not finishing whatever finishing the
blog or the video and I won't post it so
that's why all begin videos because I
start off recording I've got but this is
the end of my blog so stay tuned for the
next video
and I love you guys and I already put it
on my Instagram I'll put a little note
up and I said what would you guys like
to see on my channel so give me some
ideas okay tell you guys about
