TJ why do you make that mess why did you
make that mess go pick it up
so y'all may be wondering why my son has
um spider-man suit and I wondered the
same thing cuz I'm pretty sure I just
gave him a bath
not too long ago and put on clothes so
somebody must have did that downstairs
go thought I'd the trash over there go
put in the trash over there the trash
over there CJ go put it over there and I
put socks on a boy and he took them
right off go put it in there ooh now
look my feet on you get them dumb bang
done baby it's been such a long time
why CJ well Baba okay
trades might become a wealthy tre yeah
we gonna go eat we'll go eat yeah we
gonna eat and get some drink okay so
tomorrow my son has a dentist
appointment
and I'm so scared y'all here comes your
mommy
come on mommy please please come in here
I want to tell
I'll get you some juice in a minute but
you got it I got so I got this out of
his story
yeah I could use some juice with you be
quiet okay oh yeah so I was just at the
house but I just got up and decided that
I wanted red lobsters though me and M
are here and she's getting CJ right now
and we're a meeting tre in area up here
so we will be vlogging well I will be
logging here because you know I just
love food I'm just so happy I'm so happy
I'm so happy
whoo I can't whip it on biscuits and
chicken or not chicken but biscuits and
staking Lots mmm
I just can't wait what you want to eat
CJ what you want to eat baby I love you
you color it will come what color is it
this baby yeah I know my nail is yellow
is this
good job blue omigod yeah that may god
this is so freaking good look what you
got CJ he's got mac and cheese and fries
boy you need to subject that juice and
start eating
look at your food look what you got is
that is that salmon and shrimp potatoes
and tomatoes
guess what y'all two empty chairs I mean
tray they late he's having my son why
didn't we wait on them to eat boy back
cuz I'm starving cuz my stomach touching
my back that's why there's no I even
know that he was gonna bring them to she
ate my plate last night we went to Logan
she lovely
no you ain't no you don't you ate my
Logan did you know what what you got you
know what you paid for my meal today how
about that hey yo why you got your
hoodie on you tried me son
why was he looking like that try ot
somebody got some tea no thank you
look at her trying to vlog while I'm
vlogging yeah I knew it no no no me no
me buzzes hold on
on my fork though I'll be doing nothing
on we need a port don't do that so we
are finally back into my house and what
you don't Trey you had a video that part
right there what you doing arey okay
then it does not work you read me what
you're doing
you go stay right there where you belong
hey sorry what you're doing
I won't stop - no that is not work say
okay that is not work yeah dance what
are you doing up innit eat a oh you are
nasty varmint you oh man not in here you
know what
first off scrappy you need to shut up
because I'm out the air I'm bout to ask
everybody questions
CJ go sit on your potty you know he
nobody's body is go sit right there your
body is over there go stay right there
oh my god my camera lord have mercy
okay hey Tay hey babe alright so since
you don't consider yourself a vote are
you shut scrappy shut up shut up ya know
I'm talking to you oh you messin up my
video scrappy
do you want to scrap nigger shoo scrap
why I with Brittany to each other y'all
nasty okay perfect and he just peed it's
all right go to Train they want this way
on the county side he make it under the
uh um below the camera but um right yeah
so what would be your advice for like
beginners like you dude like what was
you just do it
you know it's official County you don't
know so that's how huge opponent you've
got a huge Abreu Jimmy we know you're
following you just just go and because
that's because then what should assist
you see the flow you see your work your
hard work finally paid off then you go
by you come up where yourself you don't
say yeah I love you you look so pretty
right there and just work hard okay
okay Jeff Nick I love you Jeff what
would you what would you uh I don't know
how to chop off a jack no was not with
some pointers like with what are things
that youtubers have to deal with that
you were like Trey Trey Trey Trey look
at me I got a question I got a question
what what advice would you be more all
in my face
no you look good you look good bro I'm
telling you what um what advice would
you have for other like beginner
youtubers like what they gonna deal with
and like how should I deal with it
listen y'all I'm gonna talk regardless
whatever you say get up there you gonna
have to accept that people gonna just
always say some whether you doing good
or whether you've know bad you're gonna
get negative comments and people gonna
say the most hurtful I mean some of the
most hurtful stuff people waiting on me
to say I'm gay you guess what y'all
ain't gonna never hear that yeah
alright y'all and the advice I have for
you guys um for you guys like as
beginners if you want to start YouTube
whoo be consistent and don't let
whatever people comment make you stop
doing videos cuz I've done it before
because I almost wanted to stop - yeah
you know sometimes when you dealing with
like social media hate they only gonna
say that stuff behind camera I mean
number hind behind like the the laptop
or a phone they sticky boy
they will never say that to your face I
hate people comment stuff but yes have
anybody say anything on my face like
people see me every day notice me but
they never say oh my god so you still
gonna come to our meeting green let your
migraine but you yeah like that light
just don't keep oh my god this dog is
about to do bro put it out scrappy hugs
he'll look at you ask for a boom Noemi
dude like you should care about your
image and to think like it's the
difference between caring about your
image what yeah what people say about
changes like it right cuz new is always
talking on me bro
you know I'm saying that's what I say
come here come here
so you're not hungry come here no no
come here
excuse me hey you know get over here
scrappy where he goes come here
alright let me get some kitchen - what
y'all talking about we're just on the
internet always talking always talking
dead always talking everyone that's what
y'all be telling it like when I be read
that's what y'all you sound like I'll be
like I'm reading in there where you guys
we have a trauma man finally that dog
I'll put that dog outside the backyard
because he too loud but um I just want
to tell you guys that I apologize once
again because I haven't did videos in a
couple days but um I'm about to keep
telling y'all the same stuff like I just
put up a video whenever I put one up I'm
about to say i'ma do one every day
because then I feel like I'm lying to
y'all okay
they caught up in being okay so on
didn't I tell you that out with this
they're hard dang I shouldn't posted it
because I mention to show y'all my shirt
cuz I might wear this tomorrow - I'm
just kidding but but re I'm not in this
blog cuz I don't know really what else
to say or do or say or do huh yeah I
answered a question already
my heart on GEB got a question for me
coochie close both your teeth I think I
would rather chop uh-oh
I'll chop on both my teeth you know how
bad that hurts all my coochie lips
together
Oh didn't imagine like you do a split in
a rib oh heck you know shopping my
titties off
