so you have kids like right away like
right now come on open yeah
what's that right he squats to girl
queen mean to cut once again back with
another video and today is a wonderful
day and today I'm going to be doing a
prank on I'm like nah I'm gonna be doing
a prank on a Amy vine because you know
they got me good so now I gotta get them
good
so I'm actually in Jazz's closet right
now but um I want to prank them really
quick what I'm gonna do is call them
into the room and basically just start
lecturing behind telling him that he
needs to hurry up and marry em and it's
by gonna put him in an awkward situation
but it's gonna be so funny to see a face
is it's gonna be funny to see his face
I'm gonna be like so serious I mean like
talking to him like I'm his mom or
something it's just gonna be so funny
give this video a thumbs up before you
even watch it because you already know
it's gonna be good I love doing pranks
on people and hopefully you know I'll
have some more coming I'll have some
more good video the a nice blog coming
for you guys but for today I'm just
doing prank so make sure you guys tune
in and hit the like button in yeah
that's about it I gotta go set this
camera okay Oh me the thing is in the
way
dang it man this in the way I'm sorry
that that's in a way dang that's gonna
take me hold on alright that should be
good
so about the Cata man right now it's
like hope you guys are ready for this
I hope you guys get ready for it and we
didn't like that so he's so freaking
amazing like oh my god
you just can't wait to see the look on
its frickin face like are you freaking
serious like oh my god let's go alright
yo and I got talked to y'all that duck
you guys what's up shut the door
you can tell CJ guys eat on the fire
you won't like okay let's watch
everybody else because you want to talk
to us about somebody no no that's what
it's our you know no not about somebody
I just want to talk to you about
something first off you off the enemy
Bluebird okay no I do I like it started
up in um I like to be in drama and no
matter the thing I'm not okay no no I
will say nothing about what everything
i'ma say something about but I feel like
it's time I'll take what I feel like
it's done I just feel like it's time for
y'all to move to the next level and I
don't want to say this in front of it
because I want you know I don't want to
make it dude I want to make Emily feel
awkward like I've been doing this for
longest and I've been thinking about
y'all in the morning I'm around em it's
like I just feel better like
and I think you need to man up how are
you how are you 23
ok I'm 20 30 Audion 28 23 years old
right okay together it's time to ask our
family in in the only right way to do
that is if you proposed in what you mean
to me brother is eternal and we don't
know no no I think that you I feel that
you need to propose the enemy in bed
talking and I'm sorry to put you off
there but she is okay she's ready to
marry you like we don't have to get
married in the next two months like you
can get engaged we have to do I got 23
years old
I feel like this been on my mind I feel
like it could really just bring y'all
closer together and if my taxes feel
like you need to man up and revolt or
like what is it that you don't want to
do but why don't you want to propose to
her like is the other is the other
people out there that you feel like you
might want to be with I don't care what
I still bro I'm night okay first of all
first off this is our relationship
relationship but in talk to me about you
thought that you don't like that you
don't know about she talks to me
well I figure girls do right she talk to
me I just don't like I feel like maybe
you take you coming from somebody else
instead of you know her you might feel
like she just nag me but I feel like
look think about what this can do for
y'all like bring you our posting every
geography when I like you meet you love
this girl listen yes I'm gonna hug her I
love her but listen but we know you're
not ready yet we've met rape she's ready
huge in that radio radio um no we're not
ready because we're not successful
enough yet okay bro okay
people grow together it's okay no mas a
white kid okay we got a winner
I'm the type of person everything has to
be perfect before I can even do that
stuff I told my dad that from the start
of like I like we have to have a house
we have to be able to take care of this
is my girl and I just need to be happy
so please please just go if you love her
would you want to say I hate you guys
word what is what should I love you
oh my god you ain't gonna tell you when
to tell her that you and me we're here
for birthday life
I was just somebody do this to me right
now even though what are you happened a
few I suppose I might do it to me
and I just want to see my girl happy
tell her yes I love you can I finish I'm
a different type of person okay yes I
love you and I don't know why I'm doing
this right now but it's been the rest of
my life with you yeah we got beautiful
dogs yeah you have kids in the future
that kids like right away like right now
okay open yeah I'm ready
so you wanna use s or did you marry me
you leave me alone I got one more thing
to tell y'all this was the break okay
this is the rink now you want to be on
YouTube get down to your paint nothing
wrong with loving yo girl I am how'd you
feel I don't know you running dude oh
right yeah um - really well - you make
me want to throw up no
give me kids that's bow-bow they don't
yeah I'm gonna marry you as an American
didn't know right here right now
not a judo is not a break we know if you
get the Frank I think that's a yes it's
a yes it's a yes
we're getting married okay commander I'm
serious I got it I might gonna start
playing in the wedding like a set you
need to propose you need to stop playing
around
I'm not playing around yuya's playing
around I'm up later on give me work baby
playing around him a little bit just a
little bit you playing around just a
little bit you know what you've been
around clean all right yeah if you guys
thought this was a funny prank let me
know in the comments below make sure you
subscribe to mmm vine that link will be
in the description I told I was gonna
get y'all back didn't oh yeah you did
not good I got some Oh coming huh I got
some Bowl coming huh ooh all right I'm
out love you guys
