what's that run she's quite a girl queen
being a cut once again back with another
video I'm just sitting outside enjoying
this weather and I don't know why I just
play with my hair like that cuz I look
real corny I'm about to tell you guys a
story I'm about to tell you guys the
story behind my my dad because um a lot
of people asked about it on the other
video when I did the truth behind my
family I showed you guys my mom my
sister and my brother and a couple of
other family members but everybody was
asking about my dad and I promise you
guys that I would tell you a story time
about my father and where he is and why
I don't know him and why I never seen a
picture of him first off let me just say
I just feel like it's really I feel like
it's important for anybody to know who
their father is and if they don't know
where their father is I feel like it's
important to have closure behind the
reason why you don't know but I happen
to have closure about why I don't know
my dad and I'm content with it at first
I wasn't but now content because my mom
told me the story first off let me just
say that my mom never kept me away from
my father
purposely and my father wasn't a
deadbeat dad I have a different
situation that's actually unique the
situation with my father is he got
deported when I was 2 months old
okay um my father was Arab for you guys
who don't know he wasn't born in America
he was born in Yemen Yemen is a Middle
Eastern country that is like similar to
Saudi Arabia you know it's very strict
very cultural and they're very religious
my dad was a Muslim going backwards
before he got deported
when my mom was nine months pregnant
with me and everybody knows that when
you nine months pregnant you about to
have your baby
when my mom was nine months pregnant my
dad told her about the blue like I don't
know where that he did not want me
growing up in America he didn't feel
like America would be good for me he
didn't want me to grow up around
Americans he wanted my older sisters to
raise me because I have like siblings I
have like actually nine other siblings
on my dad's side but they're all like
completely ear they're not mix with
anything so he wanted my older sister to
raise me out there and you know he told
my mom but he didn't want me to get
married to an American man and that he
already had an arranged marriage for me
now this may sound crazy because I was
only I wasn't even out of the womb yet I
wasn't even born yet but yet he had an
arranged marriage but he just I don't
know where told my mom this like she
went through a whole nine months of
pregnancy you know for him to tell her
that he didn't want me growing up in
America my mom was definitely not about
to go over there to that country because
she knew that women don't have rights
out there they don't have rights they
can't drive they can't do anything
everything is controlled by the men out
there so my mom definitely wasn't gonna
go and she definitely wasn't going to
let my dad just you know take me away
from her either so he was telling her
all this and it was into the car and you
know she told him she told him okay but
she didn't really mean it she played it
the smart way she had to tell him okay
because if she wouldn't have you know
Arab men are crazy I'm not trying to say
that my dad probably would have done
anything to her I really don't know but
who knows if if she would have said no
one denied it something could have
happened because a lot of men out there
very controlling my mom basically tried
to hide away from my dad because she was
scared she was scared he was gonna take
me away
and you know I also had uncles out there
in America as well and they will blow up
my mom's phone you know and try to see
where she was and my mom was just hiding
out and when she finally had me my dad
did get to see me and she said when he
helped me she was so scared cuz she
thought he was gonna run out the
hospital with me because during during
the rest of the time after he told her
that everybody was blowing up her phone
is that my son come to me hi baby
I'll be back in here okay I'm on to her
until this story's done get back to my
baby but um yes so during that time like
my my uncle's his brothers they were
blowing up her phone trying to find out
where she was and my mom basically yeah
she left she was scared man like I would
have been scared too I'm not gonna lie
to you guys
to be honest I'm glad that she did what
she did because if she would have never
done that it's like and if she would
have just let him just have his way and
just you know take me to a different
country I wouldn't be happy right now
America's the land of the free being
there I would have been locked down I
would have had to you know wear her job
if you guys don't know what her job is
it's the things that are like it's like
a scarf on your head actually let me
show you let me show you how it look
your ass where I'm not trying to be
funny but this is exactly how I be
looking right now this is exactly what
I'll be looking okay I'll be looking
just like this or I'll be looking like
this
and I'm not trying to be funny I'm not
trying to make make fun of the religion
or anything but this is how it be a lot
of times you know I think about it and
I'd be like man I wish I could see my
dad because I want to know like what I
came from you know I want to know my
other side but sometimes it's not good
to know everything and I don't want to
say that you know I want to make excuses
for it but I truly feel like this is the
plan that God had for me okay let me
take this off now I feel like this is a
plan I got half from me God God didn't
intend for me to be out there God wanted
me to be here I got off track a little
bit but my dad had finally got to see me
and then finally when I was two months
old for some reason my dad got deported
I don't know why supposedly he told my
mom that unless he married her he
couldn't stay because he lied on his
visa and said that he wasn't married and
stuff like that he was made he was
actually married married with someone
else back at home and I guess in their
culture they can have multiple wives so
he also asked my mom to marry him as
well so that he could stay in America
but she wouldn't do it because she knew
that soon as she married him everything
like he would have total control over
everything you know so you know it's
like bittersweet you know not knowing
who my dad is
I never even got a chance to see what my
father looked like and I used to be
angry about it when I was a little girl
you know and I saw even write letters to
my dad that I knew they would never get
back to him but you know everything
happens for a reason when I got older
and I matured I just knew that this was
my destiny I was supposed to be here
and if I wasn't here I wouldn't even
have my beautiful son like if I wasn't
here I wouldn't be here on YouTube right
now if I wasn't here I probably wouldn't
even be able to you know express my gift
with music the way I wanted to because
the women have no rights out there I
mean some of you may see this that are
fond of that country but all I know is
what from what I was told the women have
no rights
I still think God regardless you know I
don't look at it as a pity story I just
look at it as you know this is this was
God's will and this is what he wanted
and I'm not gonna question him about it
because at the end of the day I do have
a father and my father is God but that's
the story behind my dad let me go here
put this towel down but I'm about to
probably go and I'm go to Walmart or
something and get something to cook I'm
still it um trader minding him house
because I just don't feel safe at home
like I don't feel safe at home anymore
y'all even CJ's over here with me after
those those two um those two people
showed up to my house when I wasn't
there and I'm hearing rumors that they
were talking about robbing and all that
stuff I don't trust it and I don't even
want to go back home like I don't I
don't want to go back home because I
just don't feel safe and it's a shame
it's really a shame and I'm just say one
thing like it's okay to be a true
supporter but if you don't call yourself
a real fan you should know your
boundaries you never show up to nobody's
house you know that's my privacy but I'm
about to go ahead and end this video you
guys and you always say how to CJ hold
on one second CJ
hi baby okay what happened
what's wrong you know from the kissing
and if I would have been there with my
dad y'all would never had this beautiful
angel right here
Oh what I never had him so things up
before a reason just because something
bad happen your life or something
unfortunate it don't mean that it's for
the man sometimes it turns out for the
good baby
oh my god weapon major hit it no I uh
I'm at the end this video I love you
guys
you
