so we are about to walk into the rib
house Patti introduced me you for me me
and Claire got a flight at like 5:00 in
the morning but we bout to eat late
night oh my god bro do you guys be
potato pie red velvet cake banana
pudding chocolate cake I'm like ready
man I'm ready
freakin ready we already what you're
getting rid you get it ribs
I don't know
let's take a milkshake
Oh
why you blogging while I'm vlogging and
he does it
why is it that the camera you live okay
I'm just saying though okay you know
there look at his lives
the chaplain
you do not have to do all that to tell
them that you didn't eat all day no life
skills oh good you're good nigga that's
cornbread mac and cheese greens with
yams he got fries I'm people on his
price sorry Claire
ma'am a good pet man it's done it's done
for Dan you really did buddy that I
wasn't playing a nickel with Patty's
thing unless work and niggas is tired
man we just ate a good meal like patty
Tom bar let's work and we just ate like
a bunch of a full record like oh right
now I can't man
I still taste the ribs in my mouth and
we got to catch a five o'clock flight
and I still haven't paid only need one
outfit but still hold on wait a minute
what's that back there is that my buddy
crying come on man
me I'm a I want your mom with the
players just reminded me that I need
some love he putting his camera and I
beat him to it and like it's 5:00 in the
morning we went our way to the airport
God say it's an LA it's gonna be a
six-hour flight have on no makeup yo
he's mad we just wrap the airport I have
no cheque bands usually I have a huge
we always go on as small as these are
dumb big man it's big and I'm a little
scared right now
chaton in preparation for eleven battle
everybody needs
finally as a way I already told I was at
the airport but we're waiting on our
living at home we're waiting on our uber
meal stepping into the car no notice
where you are just finished doing a
photo shoot of Claire does he always
want to thank you because I am the queen
thank you so we're at the hotel finally
now and I'm like a raccoon a pure record
so I'm not gonna even put this Perron
there so currently I would have miss I'm
doing better don't make up
this relationship is becoming a beat
quest tell me what
hey all you gotta do with
I'll look at a mist still look real
tight because I am really tired but
gotta run to this meeting not really
dressed cute that's what I got on y'all
really to be honest like isn't all that
cute but I'm like just down
we always eaten and stuff like that
there has me every video
you don't want my video
Oh
I can't get you out of my out of my mind
I'm saying stop saying you could erase
these feelings if I tried okay so you
guys say I never let y'all in on my life
what's going on but really I do the same
things right now walking into Warner
Brothers for a meeting of course I'm not
gonna record inside because y'all can't
know what's going on I just let you know
that we are walking into Warner Brothers
well it's blurry but see they got the WB
no wait is that what a brothers dinner
no no no no no no I'm really not
supposed to be showing this but this is
how meetings be looking just a bunch of
people sitting here and we all get ready
to talk wait I can't put it on yeah
it alone
so we're just now leaving to me and it
was a wonderful meeting like one of the
best meals I've ever had honestly so I
don't know me and it's a lot it's a lot
to choose from it's a lot to think about
and I think we got one more meeting next
like 7:30 currently I'm sitting here in
this dining place of the hotel MN and
going to have another meeting waiting
for the people to get here 7:30 and this
is what my day consists of today it's
really just business no fine man people
think I'll just be having fun I mean it
is fun right because this is where my
future taking off like it's a lot to
come with it though but I'm not just out
here doing nothing
please remember that all right so I
decided I want to record just like this
this I'm going to sleep I got this from
Target man I don't understand like I
just love Target and Walmart and
department stores I feel like no matter
how rich I get in life like I'm gonna
buy from Target and Walmart but I'm
gonna go to sleep y'all on today was
like a very busy day once again um my
schedule is always full of the same
things control always consists of like
busy meetings it's tough to be honest I
don't want to show you all the same
stuff and I don't keep saying that but
it if you don't care about seeing it
then I guess I don't either so I hope
you'll enjoy this blog and that's about
it it's gonna be a snowstorm like in the
morning in New York so we might not even
fly back to New York and in my flat like
fly straight to Houston but I'm going to
sleep and I love you guys so much Rosie
squatty I mean the world to me and it's
not just about minutes I'll just be
playing and being petty when I do that
but I love y'all so much amigas good
night
you
