Oh bored I mean I four days eight days
eight one two three four five six seven
eight
why just why why just watch twice why
just why actually I did record like a
couple videos but I've never posted them
because like sometimes sometimes when
like I record a video and I think about
it after the fact I'm like man that was
a dumb video but maybe I should just
start posting on my dumb videos which
are things let me know so today is that
Sunday and I look a hot mess I just woke
up I got on my bunny as y'all can see
and I got my flat irons on my sled on my
leave out cause y'all know I got weave
in and then I'm bout to put on my makeup
sorry y'all by my own nipples this is a
this is a bra ditch you know I mean it's
not a bra it's kind of like a I don't
know what it is it's something that you
don't wear with a bra basically I need
some nipple covers but it's good
somebody just um yeah I want to just
have a little chitchat with y'all oh my
lord
no honey hold on move it Brooke bring me
on makeup bag - this was a hot mess
right now
so have a little chitchat with y'all
today I hope y'all can see me good hold
on maybe I should move it is that better
oh I got y'all hold on wait a minute
okay that should be better so we are
tonight at home we all stay at night it
of trade our minam house including Chris
in he stayed to MU vine Jordans here we
all just came over
big house I don't know why we all just
decided to come over here and you know
do some kind of little sleepover or
whatever you know it's fine you know
um ain't drivin got a flat on it
dang I'm just doing a little bit but
anyway yeah I'm just talk to y'all about
what's been going on why I haven't been
making videos and the truth is I've been
making videos since I've just been being
plain lazy all um and that's really
about it
I just been being lazy and I've been oh
no no it's not that I've been being lazy
that's not the full reason actually I've
been I've been having a lot going on
you're like right now I'm my car's in
the shop
my car's in the shop until Friday so
until Friday of Nick this week coming up
that's not high my car
y'all might not know but Trey yeah okay
comfy comfy hi Josh come say hi to my
blogger I did with him sitting on his
lap go watch it it's not a prison Queen
Jeff's color anyway so yeah oh my my
truck
my truck is messed up you know my feet
my baby is messed up
Trey every from I'm just airing there
was there was um in my heart it was
driving I guess and this truck was just
like flying and hit them yes DJ you
won't come near me
maybe you want say hi to the book look
say hi
they hide to the block he just woke up
y'all he like a little egg grow when you
wake up oh hey hey hey I love you give
me kiss
give me a kid I thought you said no at
first you try and shake your dreams
shake your dreads shake your dreams but
yeah so this car was going real sad and
it ran into them in my hole the hole
driver started okay bye-bye
the hole driver side the hole driver
side sorry yeah I keep repeating myself
it's um it's messed up like my front
bumper fellow if they gotta replace my
driver's side door my tire length in
that jump looks terrible okay so I
couldn't even drive it to the shop I had
to leave it there because it's a
collision shop to any awful fix cars at
the towing place so they had sold my car
or whatever cuz it wasn't drivable and
not gonna wait so I was trying to get I
was really trying to get like that stuff
viendo and you know get my truck back
and I was also doing videos on the other
channel too so I have been slacking on
this it's like I just gotta learn how to
balance stuff out my arms are so bad
like they need to be smaller I wish it
was like that that's how it's supposed
to be they're not supposed to be like
this that's just too big I need to work
out but I don't know I guess I guess
they're not that bad but since it's me
and I just want to just joke like that
that's just nasty you get some more
disgust I'm running out but what's been
going on with me lately I've been
feeling better about life I just been
feeling better you know I've been really
as sad as I used to be lately I've been
feeling like this
for change and by that I mean I got to
YouTube and stuff like that
but it's time for me to start really you
know being on my grown woman stuff if
you know what I mean
like I have a gift that I don't I don't
use and it switches my voice and I feel
like I need to start getting this do
beyond making music I see a lot of
comments like we make music music the
issue with me making music is the kind
of person I am is like I need the beat
first if I have a song already written
down in my head that I made up
I'll also have a beat with it so I don't
want to take nobody else's um beat that
they made gonna get my beat custom-made
okay sorry I had to change the battery
on camera so that's why I was a DESFire
to jump to the video but I had to change
the battery of my camera cause was dying
but anyway um yeah I just feel like it's
time for it change it's time for me to
shut up
look talk to the person here oh no my
stuff always in so many looks bad I'm
broke cause I just I start brushing my
teeth upstairs
brush handy I come in next bathroom
laughs meeting you that's what just a
problem you think you got made
throughout here you think you got me
some I want are you close think anyway
uh I look crazy right now you feel me
I'm sorry kid I'm totally good for y'all
I think I was telling the reason why
wasn't hold me back from you is because
um I don't I haven't fucked the right
people to make the right beats cuz the
way I write music it's like I haven't
had a beat
I had to beat with it so that's what may
help me bad but I really need it like
girls right origami buddies
I don't know we might go astray stupid
yucca I want to go after pussy we gotta
get our tickets today then yeah in Oslo
you are late Leon has been feeling like
it's time for it it's time for us to
start investing our money into something
that's going to keep money flowing you
know even we get old like I'm talking
about businesses real estate that's how
I feel that's what I've been thinking
about a lot lately um and that's really
that's not really been on my mind I'm
just ready for a change I'm ready to
move because too many people know where
I stay our addresses got leaked a couple
of times a few times actually and so
many I mean hunt do we get people that
come to our house and do crazy stuff but
any like you know if you like too many
people come to the house and know where
we live you know just take pictures and
stuff and I get that you know you have
supporters and enough strong debt but I
just thought it's time to move to that I
feel like that's my privacy and I don't
need everybody knowing where I stay next
time we move I'm gonna make sure we
don't record outside the neighborhood or
anything so I've been thinking about a
new house and we need to go look at new
houses because I'm trying to move really
by next month to be honest these
eyebrows look wretched I just nothing my
everything yah so you know it's been a
lot of my mind so don't don't bash me
y'all for I wanted to get the mortgage
this is so good this is that NARS
concealer so when we go to the mall
today I gotta get some more yeah this is
just a little video like just updating
y'all up everything that's been going on
and what's been on my mind what I've
been thinking about and I'm just here to
let y'all know I'm okay I'll show y'all
what these help
tomorrow you yes now whatever man
you ugly but I'm perfect let me see me
hey baby hey CJ what you're doing you
were there
shut up
this a man bond over here there might
say tonight over here you do think I'm
not to wear my little Army's a t-shirt
in here y'all like CJ here he's here got
done again it got taken down but I just
wanted to show you how everything is
going on say hey airy look at that bomb
front oh she got on what is that my
mother turned off this um blog if I'm
gonna blog I'm not finished
uh uh no who's in here no this is my
bathroom now around this is my bathroom
yes it is this is my bathroom now hey
bro hey bro we need to go to the mall so
I don't give me some jargon Fitz get the
hell out of here this is my room get out
and I love that about you bro I love
that everybody changed you know I need
to breakfast a lot because you know
every single night and I feel like I
need to be prepared
well you don't you know you know what
you go without thinking good then you go
down my Bonnie tonight in a drama yeah
okay I'm on the phone in this little
video I just want to tell you what's
going on with me going on and I got some
more of it brought me down to another
prank or video I got a new voice for
them here I'm jumpy ah snippet about new
voice ready I just know that one day one
day we are going to become something
very very big and I left my french fry
at your office and I just feel like I
don't know so I don't know what I'm
saying try I mean ZJ say hey baby where
you going Chris
say bye-bye CJ say bye-bye all right
what's the or later
