what good Rosie's flashy girl queen
vehicle once again back with another
video
happy Thursday happy happy Thursday
y'all my hair blowing in the wind I'm
something all good I woke up you know
I'm saying ain't got no makeup today but
look at my friend over there y'all see
my friend right there look at him he
just dancing just to dancing you know
whatever anyway I'm about to go in this
tree Neil's I must to get my nails taken
off and um get some new nails put on by
my new lady but I'm just coming here to
get them taken off cause lookit this one
hurts so bad I'm gonna get you taken off
first and then get my nails done I got a
look at which nails I want so maybe I
should help me out y'all look at my
nails it's been such a long time since
I've seen my own nails this high this is
how it looks when you freakin don't just
let your nails breathe I I am done for
but I'm still gonna get them done out
here because I cannot walk around my
hands looking like and what these look
like Oh
I'm finally here and my girl it'd be she
got to get my nails poppin so I will
show you guys my name is afterwards I'm
not even sure what I want yet but I
don't know I'll show you after cuz ya'll
know she always Mia so yeah I will put
her name in the description below her
Instagram name with you guys do live in
Houston I want your nose gun she's my
lady and I can guarantee you really yeah
look at my frickin nails they are
gorgeous they're mommy of candy corns I
got the missus call Renee oh and what is
this car right here
we got this angel paper angel paper man
and then I got this little metallic kind
of I don't know what it's called but
this cute if you guys live in Houston
don't forget to go to my girl live be
she will hook you up like she did me
look at everybody in don't get hit by no
car
so I'm a Popeye's but the order yo ha ha
but I'm just like Esther order for me
may I love my nails hello
are you bad okay um and when on you
in general
yeah in this light in terrible talking
to me
very never something
Oh scuse me
can I have a spicy to lick the combo
please
and make sure my chicken is fresh P and
also get what chickens poster follows I
want it to be spicy and I want legs too
late
and for my side I'll have mashed
potatoes and I'll have some
I'll also have an extra biscuit please
and make sure you put it in there Kajal
always forget my extra biscuits
right with that potatoes a extra biscuit
yes and also please add a green bean on
there yes and do you have popcorn shrimp
is it possible instead of doing the
Thule the two tenders can you do two
legs with the popcorn shrimp the number
10 well then could you just give me a
side of popcorn tripley's
anything over no sir just make sure you
get everything right then I'm here
alright son finally here at the window
and I know the apparently thinking like
she don't match her voice but I gotta
talk to my dad
alright hold on let me get Mike on what
have my car
I'm coming where the hell is my card
here you go yes sir don't talk like that
I was just
I do YouTube I'll do some goofy it's me
I'm here again yeah
I I do this I do this everywhere
no I'm here in my house and everybody
here like literally everybody I mean
everybody name mama here and um we like
to go to I fly again Chris don't want to
go I don't know why Chris don't want to
go Chris don't everyone go nowhere
didn't nobody else want to go but it's
okay I mean maybe next time you'll go
but yeah and he getting mad over there
cuz he not telling the truth he don't
know where they don't know I always want
to go I don't understand why but yeah I
left you yeah I left and I asked that I
leave and that's because you wasn't
going nowhere with me so yeah here I'm
never gonna wear with the crew here in
life crew no more
so I'm sitting outside of my my house
and on
I thought vlogging yesterday I don't
know I just
what happened oh I went to Trey and I
mononym house just to go get the rest of
my stuff that was over there and I left
my camera here at the house and as y'all
can see man I look a hot mess
I don't lie to you I look a hot mess I'm
looking tired I need to get some rest
you see these bags into my eyes but um I
need to find somebody to do my hair
because I want to sew in now I took my
braids down but I needed five somebody
do my hair so if you don't know anybody
to do so wins a flat so wins let me know
cuz I'm getting us all wet with the
night over here so wasn't nothing really
special to happen here but so be it so
be it's been pretty cold outside
not cold but like for Texas cold to me
because when I first got here from
Michigan it was like hot but now I was
getting colder I guess it's because it's
like far but I don't know but yo girl
gotta find a way to go Flay
so in the next video I will be slaying
boo let me show you out of here then I'm
out to get sodium I'm probably gonna be
showing y'all when I get my hair done
just so y'all can see like you know the
process even though some y'all probably
don't care I don't know if I should put
the closure in or not this is a closure
and this is the dead dog barking oh yeah
this is the 18 inch closure I don't know
if I should get the closure though so
I'm gonna get like a straight so in
y'all all this time I usually get like
curly and wavy and stuff this time I'm
gonna get straight yeah this is real
pretty this is already like this is
already like my hair color I think yes
it is I don't think it needs to be any
darker do your thing let me know but
this is it here I'm gonna get so let me
know if I should use the closure not yo
because next time I will be playing play
laying it along nicely now but I'll be
playing later you already know I know
how to clean that will I know how to
clean up well but I'm up to in this lot
I edit a post something for today you
know was barely anybody and actually
this is the next day y'all this is not
like this is a new day I still got the
same shirt I'm dirty man I'm dirty I
mean I took a shower and everything but
I don't know why it was the painter tone
you ever do that if you I mean it's okay
if you don't that just means I'm dirty
right
I'm a dirty individual but yeah I just
want to show you all the knives ooh like
here that I'm bout to get over this on
my hair boom you already know about the
turned up you got to I don't plan I'm
back to play okay y'all gonna see me
with my hair all like down and looking
all cute uh-huh let me go ahead because
your girls about to go finish watching
her me I mean Roble I'm not the girl
finish watching my movie in what it was
in well I look dead um I'm looking dead
today on looking day but I do do muscle
way out I look so tired
I gotta go sleep okay
