what happened would you squat is to girl
queen back with another video so you
girl even best buy right now I'll try
our minding them they are still up in
there I don't know what they're getting
a car charger because they say mines
don't work but today we're supposed to
be feeding the homeless hopefully that's
what we end up doing because it's like
you never know what it's like we always
end up doing something different we said
we could do one thing but we end up
doing some milk say what's up to the
vlog I love your back so we for sure
want to do it we for sure friend ago
right after this we're gonna go pick up
some burgers we're gonna try to do
different different stuff so yeah but
yeah man I know I've been saying tonight
I said tonight at UM the house just but
I miss my babies I gotta go to my baby
go get CJ as my let's go be CJ because I
miss CJ too
I said let's go get CJ they want to go
to Denny's and go be fed and go be
eating on it no ma'am me and Kristin did
no videos on our channel em likes like
forever like we did not Wayne did not
like good videos and so I don't know
what's over there but I told Chris we
needed we need to do something some
challenges or something but if that's
been spent the night over here so you
know we can do stuff or whatever it's
like a chill we've been really doing
nothing but
I don't know I got to see about that and
you know this about it you know I got my
girl Airy over here say what up Airy
what's up what's up what's up
oh yeah they're not like I was waiting
for it to come in no she look so good
like what her natural hair cocoa brown
but that wonderful silky chocolate milky
sign on his head before we all leave to
go get the burgers or whatever we want
to just give why we thankful here why we
feel like we need to do this so while we
feel like you know you know life is good
to give back because everybody are able
to definitely Papa got all my bros I
really wanted to host Lots do this I
don't know what they're doing if I doing
their own thing so hey so currently we
are at Walmart and as y'all can see it's
at McDonald's over there tray and jazz
are over there getting the the
sandwiches and me and our mind has got
some some chips and some water to pass
out
get the thing going 1 hurry up and get
it done before it gets too dark outside
you know we got people out there's just
hungry man I'm hungry too - I'm alive -
yeah and it's late as heck okay his
lady's heck man y'all it took us about
two whole hours to get down here it was
traffic and I was like late man
so now we got to find the people we
gotta find a homeless people man so he
bout to go on a homeless people honey we
gotta carry these hole we gotta carry
these whole things like these whole box
right here that's where everybody is
over there
that's where we gotta go
yeah go right over there autumn people
what she just saying you're gonna try to
play me like Rocco we can you go bro
don't play with me like maybe you put in
we got to put our burgers and bags man
we had to put them in there because we
have to put the Ferguson are we gonna do
carried on boxes man so we got a bag of
Bert let's find some people cuz I know
it's I'm out here oh yeah we got a lot
of people over here
hey there yeah wasn't me
ha ha but today we just vlogging you go
to order me what son eat
how you doing ma'am you're welcome
he probably want sunny do you want some
how you doing you want a burger
hey there hey
tonight yeah wasn't me
I wonder if these are victims from the
hurricane Harvey you was in the flood
so you do you mind do you mind if I ask
you about it yes ma'am
okay so this was a hurricane Harvey
victim what's your name
Justine blanks okay so what happens me
what happened was they
ain't nobody nobody came to help did
they help y'all with boats and stuff yes
if we needed to
so we exited out did everything we could
okay
yeah all right no caps you gotta come
back give water you have to bring you
some water - okay we do three bottles
all right is that a person I know
Miriam I've got hit by all these cars
how I feel you also get back they feel
good I could not imagine life just not
knowing from
I think so we just resat me if he just
came back to the truck and restart I got
a bunch of waters in my bag
but now I'm gonna go get about waters
because I'm pretty sure everybody
thirsty somebody specifically asked for
water too yeah when I think about how
blessed I am man like this crazy like we
are really blessed some some of us
complain about like stuff going on our
life yeah we ain't even like we need we
got real problems like that if people
are here with real problems like this
then we be complaining about small role
glad we can find our shoe in a store or
like well I would if we didn't complain
about like little stuff but people
really got real problems out you are not
probably so it just make me want to be
more grateful you know I'm doing make me
not want to ever way school ever again
come on give us some money pay as a
bonus they came yeah
excuse me excuse me
you want some you want a water and some
food let it go man god bless you
all right now it's time to head over
here where all the tents are
wanna burger bison burgers he's a good
mrs. DISA got the cast
how y'all doing got some burgers no
problem
bless you guys so now we are in the car
we just gone what we gonna do is just
get them out while we in the car cuz we
got a few left we have to get back in
the car because it was somebody did it
was a man that I guess you know was kind
of I don't know if mental or use man
worth oh man
they couldn't get a beer gotta stick
where the woman hit the one way yeah
yeah keep straight he was more thought
man because he could get like a beer
I guess he had like he was kind of
getting crazy some of these people out
here are mentally ill so we gotta watch
out cuz well not on security or nothing
on here so he went back to the car oh we
just thought it would be safer to have
them out
all right yes I'm finally back home and
I'm in my bed it's late at night I'm
ready to go to sleep and today was
successful to me at first it felt like
it wasn't going to be successful because
I felt like it just had got too late but
it was a pretty successful day um we
went ahead and after we passed out the
rest of the burgers we had a
conversation with the family that
actually was out there and it was a it
was a mom it was a mom a husband and it
was like three our kids her kids was
like our age like 20 21 and I'm I was
like old or whatever and she like was
telling us a story how she was she was
like a ex I don't want to say I don't
want to say it like rude but she used to
be on drugs and she recovered from it
and stuff like that and it was a big she
said it was like you know she was just
giving us words of encouragement cuz she
got through it and she said you know if
she got through that we can get through
anything but it was really it was a
lesson you know just to be thankful for
you know what we have in life and to not
look at what we don't got and look what
we do have and just know that you know
God God really has blessed us like the
stuff we complain about don't mean
nothing like people got real issues out
there me and like real life issues like
no homes lost everything and sometimes
we sit up here we could we be
complaining about just like the smallest
stuff but um it was definitely a lesson
and you know I just thank God that I
just thank God that you know he got us
through the struggle and um while I am
here I'm just gonna go ahead and
announce the winner tonight of the
medulla here
away and I will be doing more so the
people that didn't win y'all I promise
you still have a chance and I love all
y'all I swear but I can only pick one
person one person so the winner is the
drum roll please and I'm using one of my
hands so I can't I can only do this on
her name is Qian che Hughes Keanu Hughes
I believe she has an Instagram she has a
YouTube and she's 17 years old and that
is a person that I picked
of course I picked randomly but I also
check to make sure you know everybody I
was looking at was following ngaidol
hair and following me on instagram and
she's a really big fan so shut up - Yuki
I'll show you the winner baby girl I
just need to get her information and
send her the package and I will be doing
more giveaways it just only won't be
here y'all so you know just stay tuned
get girl got some stuff coming for y'all
I forgot to announce the winner in the
last video because I was too busy prank
calling but I hope y'all enjoyed that
video to me and that jump was funny but
I'm about to get my button in the bed oh
by the way I see my baby CJ but all of
us me trying perfect laughs we all came
here together to the house and me in our
mind and a man violent when end up going
to the movies to go see boo - and CJ
wanted to go at Ray so when I went to go
try to pick up CJ from Trey's house he
was already asleep so I'm just gonna get
him in the morning y'all so y'all will
probably see him in the next video okay
but I'm about to get me some rest and go
to sleep
so yeah you're grilling about to lose no
sleep I gots to go
bye
