does it really look like my strapping to
me if it was
what's that was quite a girl queen
miracle once again back put into the
video when I got my girl perfect land
and I also got my boy are mine my where
trace where try it
dang triple wanna be sure a hurry hell
up yeah the hurry hey look look ya'll so
tonight this is about to go down this is
what this is what's about to go down
this is like a little mini vlog whatever
but we're about to be prank calling
restaurants in you know things of that
sort
we're gonna call them ass or eat their
babies we all gonna call ya'll gonna
take our turns a prank call so hopefully
you don't hang up on this man cuz it
should be funny just which verse lets
you gonna play car I'm gonna do a
jack-in-the-box I want to do like
McDonald's or something like how about
on a different voice though you need to
voice what you gonna do we wait no trade
brothers alright y'all so we like to
start this prank calling because
obviously Dre is just up so he just
Louis players not the whole room in
Franco first lap first
no nobody is a default money do you what
I have something good right now
you only go yeah yeah let's go no look
is your board Ricky Rozay I'm about to
come in with a party of 25 huh Jim I got
a party of 25 coming in huh you hear me
hello
I just bought a spear and I found roti
ebook invented Amy
it's Amy it's him
I got to kiss idea in the world poppy
bros this is poppy hypsi bros puppy man
let me tell you my brother he hates them
listen he ordered two gifted years if
you can understand him but new order
cookie it was a chicken quesadillas with
the spicy cheese in it
and he opened it up it was a roach just
my peers jr. a brooch with the legs
dangling
she almost me in my whole family in
the bed now because we nothin we shut
the hell up
can I get two three extra quesadillas
two more I mean my cousin is lady
retarded so he says it's a roach puppy
all the time um yeah he's scared of
roaches he slightly retarded is the
world's shut the hell up
we don't okay I all right yeah yeah yeah
he's slightly retarded sometimes so I
know you said you can add the topcoat
ready in about two minutes
thank you so much Patti 50 words puppy
okay puppy love you love me you need a
puppy
bye bye puppy
always puppy
look Trey come and be good right
goody isn't my laughing he's a roach
poppy why is MacDonald what you call it
burgers
nothing over bacon little bit hi Zac how
are you mrs. Ethel hi I'm am I speaking
with the manager here can I speak to the
manager
hi I came through there about a quarter
after 9:00 and I ordered a bacon I don't
mean to complain or make your night any
more worse than it probably already is
because I know okay um well I came
through the drive-through and I ordered
a bacon Whataburger is that what it's
called a Whataburger yes yes and um I
had a fry with that and I also had a
large spray is that what you guys have
there okay I'm an elderly want me and
some sometimes my dentures fall out
and you know I don't when I usually eat
the bacon and Whataburger I my dentures
don't fall out but this particular time
my dentures fell out yes it was hard and
you know there was something else up
under that bun it was it was something
up under the bun and I'm sorry if I'm
breaking up but it was something under
the bun on the meat
it wasn't the bacon though it was some
sub particles some black particles on
there yes I don't know if it was burnt
cooked something from the stove but or
you know I truly believe I don't know
why but it looked very similar to mice
droppings I used to have mice in my
kitchen back when I was living in green
so could you guys make sure you don't
have mice or anything bad because does
it really look like mice trappings to me
it was no because I can't have the
coffee yes unless you guys can replace
my meal for me without it you know what
actually I haven't you I have a better
way to solve this
I have a better way to solve this I
won't even call corporate if um and and
I won't even ask for replace a meal
replacement can I just say a quick
prayer for y'all okay honey
father God right now in the name of
Jesus I come to you right now but I ask
you Lord that should reveal the truth
Lord God you revealed the truth and you
let these folks stop lying about having
mines and their kids and not I just
thank you Lord for reveal the truth
because oh wait a minute God just gave
me a side he said that you're lying and
you do have mice droppings I need to
speak to your boss your boss because no
Stephen Lord just revealed to me
something he just revealed while I was
praying because that's why I asked to
pray when I pray he reveals things to me
and he revealed that you guys were
actually lying and you do have mice it
was well cooked overdone and I know it
couldn't have been baking I know it
couldn't have been baking it was too
black into small well what is it that
you can do for me sir because I'm an
elderly woman and I you know phone
Samantha the word about the wrong thing
you ain't sick
attention no I just wanna burger that's
all think you just want some ditch well
are you okay with that being said are
you guys hiring okay cuz I need me a job
I can't be sitting up here just sit on
my my leg my leg is hurting and if you
can't hide now come clean of my
stockings for you sir Taco Bell near me
hey bro I just order something from
there and I got a woman it's a routine
intro I don't get it man
wait talk to my brother is in his room
yeah hello yeah man I don't mean to be
disrespectful at all for you guys or I
don't mean to talk down on your
restaurant but I just wanted to tell you
that there was something unusual and
mice inside my case idea it's the roots
puppy
nobody's double that's that's fine man
what's with the number 65
I know nobody told me to put anything in
there it's just normalize it put the
number in there so that we could give it
to you I don't appreciate these watching
my stuff it's a roach I feel a little I
I don't appreciate this but I will send
it to you now and you guys better
something about this it's a mirage puppy
all right bye-bye
adios amigos I can't leave any row here
prank club hey hello hello can you hear
me hey um my name is um Troy and I just
called to you know like my name is Troy
and um I just came in ordered a bacon
water burger and for some reason it look
like it's in my burger and I just
wanted to say that I just wanted to say
that um would it be who cannot speak to
get out talk to the manager you better
what so um I got a bacon butter burger
my name is Tom Troy and on some reason
it looks like I'm it just looks like
someone you know these prank cause me
and Trey almost had me but to divert I
can really do we have man is nigga you
had me done to lose about some watch
puppy watch hey but look check it out I
want everybody to comment they favorite
they favorite prank off huh let me know
what your favorite prank call it and let
me know if y'all want let's do this
again it's just a late-night goofy goofy
here's what we doing we bore we prank
our restaurants at night so beat
oh wait a minute I'm not perfect lives
you good Oh what I got booger my nose
yeah
that'd be easy
all right mother gonna phone with her
girl I'm bout to awake there one um yeah
I am but I'm about Jagan's Jisoo oh go
eat I'm not gonna eat something go you
know oh let's go to let's go oh yeah
you don't just fixing my nose no chill
oh yeah well we're gonna eat from
Applebee's I just wanna I just want
somebody real estate brother Troy I
don't lose
it's bread my name is Troy you know I
just would like to I just let go to
Applebee's I just want some sobriety
stream if you ever need something if you
need you okay
