what's good bro cheese class girl queen
be back in the cut once again with
another video so it's not only stuff but
um it's 1:30 some in the morning and
right now I'm not at home
I meant Traynham house right now because
sometimes I like to just you know chill
over here and we got some collapse to do
so say some today so I'm staying the
night tonight and I decided to make a
video tonight y'all because I really
want to speak on the subject and I might
as well do it while it's on my mind
right now you know so I don't forget
because a lot of times I get like
sidetracked because there's always so
many people around me and I just I'll be
everywhere y'all know I apologize for
that I'm human I'm human okay I get
sidetracked but it's like I need to stay
on top of my game I need to stay posting
these videos but every time I get that
driving me something always just come
and just throw me off my square and I
need to stop letting it happen also by
the way y'all stay tuned because in the
next video I will be announcing the
winner of the giveaway for the knot duel
the hair so make sure y'all stay tuned
for the next video I don't like a nice
raise man how y'all like annamaya like
him I mean they growing on me at first I
was like this ain't really me but they
grow innate they cute you know they
didn't poetic justice praise maybe I
don't know what that is then I feel
sorry for you but it just is looking up
it's with Tupac and Janet Jackson go
look it up boom but anyways tonight I
wanted to UM talk about a subject that's
really kind of touchy with me because
they mean a lot to me
and I just wanted to address some stuff
that I've seen and I just want to tell
you guys the truth about my family this
is the title the video the truth time I
fan
I posted a video with my family in it
not too long ago actually like a weeks
ago I had my mom and my sister and my
brother if y'all haven't seen that video
meet my crazy family go watch it but for
those who've seen it
um this is what this video is gonna be
about so I want to tell you guys the
truth behind my family because I've seen
a lot of comments on the air saying
things like uh are you adopted did you
hire this family you know to be in your
video like for one that's stupid so hire
a family a fake family you know um y'all
wanted to know was I adopted in you know
I guess the reason why is because I look
different from my brother and my sister
and my mom well a lot of people said
that I favor my mom and I looked at my
mom but they were mainly mentioning my
brother and my sister and the other to
the other two I'm not related by blood
Kisha and Cassandra we're not related by
blood but we've been you know how like
you so you've been so close to somebody
like for years
the charge is like family so they're
like my family and I take them as my
family so I'll call them my sisters um
as far as my mom and my brother and my
sister they are my real blood siblings
no I'm not adopted the reason why a lot
of people said that is because I say I
look different from my brothers and my
sisters well let me tell you the reason
why let me tell you the truth my dad is
Arab but I don't know what that is
go search it up on Google Arab Arabic go
search it up air but P 'pl my father is
fully Arab and my mom is black it's a
black Italian an Indian now after my mom
had me pin six years later she had my
sister and my brother and they both have
a different father for me and their
father is fully black so a lot of people
with like Queen why is it that you look
lighter than your sister and your
brother wiser that your hair is
different from their
and why's that you're smaller and this
Annette like people was really being
like super nosy like they wasn't even if
they wasn't even saying it exactly like
that they was saying it like in such a
rude way you know I'm not going to
repeat what they said because it was
really offensive but they were
mentioning my weight versus their weight
and you know my skin color versus a skin
color my hair versus their and just
basically trying to say that that wasn't
my real family and you know I took after
my dad's genes my dad I was told that my
dad is a smaller he was like a smaller
guy and I guess the woman in his family
were like Matisse so I took after his
genes and my sister brother man took
after their dad genes
he's like tall and the women in his
family is like you know thick and big
bone and stuff like that and I guess my
sister and my brother took after that um
along with my mom's genes so you know
that just because we look different
don't mean that we're not related over
now blood or you know and also it's not
a bad thing as well like y'all can't sit
up here and say oh she looked better
than you know her siblings she was
better than her whole family Queen you
was blessed don't say that because my
whole family is blessed you know we all
just blessed in a different way we all
just just because different don't mean
bad just because you look different
don't mean that you look bad so you know
to see those those cruel comments was
like kind of touchy for me because you
know if it was your family on the other
hand somebody was talking about your
family like that y'all would be really
pissed off and upset you know I see why
a lot of bigger celebrities out there
don't really show they family and stuff
like that because the people that's out
there in the world to just say so much
hateful stuff and they don't want their
family to do and have to deal with that
like because my family didn't ask asked
for that kind of lifestyle my life may
be in a public but their their life
isn't so they didn't ask
of that I'm the one that has this
lifestyle so they should have to deal
with all the hate comments and stuff
like that so I could see why a lot of
people don't really put their family out
there because they don't want their
family to have to deal with the cruelty
you know like I see so much mean stuff
on those on those comments and I'm just
sitting there shaking my head like wow
like y'all just really think that I'm
not human or something like y'all y'all
just don't care about my feelings you
know I don't care that I'm a look at
y'all don't be up I don't think I read
the comments but I do I read a lot of
the comments and I see a lot of the
things that people say about me and
about my family and about my situation
and my problems and everything and it's
like I don't know if y'all felt
comfortable saying that stuff because I
feel like I'll never reply to it or or
yeah I feel like I won't see it but I do
see it and I'm a human just like
everybody else and I just feel like
people should take that in consideration
like I could see if you know if y'all
coming at me wrong or if you out saying
you know very harsh things towards me
because I've been in this game a little
bit longer so I can take that stuff but
as far as then my family my mom and them
like they don't deserve that and all we
was doing was having fun and just
laughing with each other and you know
joking like how we do behind closed
doors and just chilling and you know
they seen those comments too so I just
had to come here and address it because
you know I just feel like it was it was
very rude for a lot of people to be on
here saying stuff like that aw your mama
fat your sister fat your brother how
come you skinny or a'queen how you look
way different from them like all of that
was unnecessary that wasn't needed you
know even you you watch the vlog and you
like it or you you know you watch it you
don't like it and you move along period
so you know with that being said I'll be
more careful what I put on my channel
and stuff like that you know and now you
know I just got to be more careful
because I got to realize it's just
people out there they just don't care so
the truth is one I'm not adopted those
are my blood family members my sister
and my brother has a different dad for
me and that's the only difference
that's the only difference they just
have a different day their dad is black
- Arab so we come out looking different
it's not they thought that they look
different and it's not my fault that I
look different and it's not my mom's
fault either
so with that being said I'm gonna be
done with this video and if you guys
want to know know where my dad is
um I could put that in a whole nother
story I'll do a story time on that you
know the truth behind my dad and you
know where he is because a lot of people
was asking that in the comments - like
where's your dad where's your dad I see
oh mama but where's your dad well truth
is I don't know my dad I don't know my
dad I never seen a picture of them I
never seen anything you know I never met
my dad
so I can tell y'all that in a whole
nother story
that's a whole long story so I don't
know if y'all probably heard it already
for on the crystal Queen channel with me
Chris was talking about our dads but I
don't know my dad I would like to and
maybe one day I'll try to go find them
but it's a long story behind that - so
if you guys want to know that story um
let me know in the comments and I'm
gonna get my butt in a bed I'm gonna
sleep get ready for these videos
tomorrow because I've been slacking and
I hope you all just understood this
video and that's pretty much it boom
this or like açaí they saw like a sigh
but yeah I love you guys and make sure
you stay tuned because in in the next
video I will be announcing the winner
for the nad Ola hair giveaway okay love
you guys
my good night
