we got when we start making videos we've
been making these cooking videos for 60
years
hell I'm tired of making videos well we
gotta make one today we're already here
we got all the food what the hell we
making what's this stuff we're gonna
we're gonna make natural you mean
chocolate I said not just is your
dimension flaring up again hell yeah
nothin yes but making matches
we're making nachos for all the children
that are coming in and out of this app
this what the hell you got a brand right
here for its the tour Tillis tour tiller
well let's start it right now
what the hell we gotta do first okay you
got the meat by the way my name is
Esther not heaven
I always call it Ethel it's the same
thing to me
no the hell it's not all right I'm gonna
introduce me you could introduce
yourself I'm married and I'm Esther
we're gonna get into this cooking video
for you today
all right I am okay so what's the first
thing we need to do we got some meat
that's the most important part
all right because the meat gold inside
of the taco salad
yes all right so we got hot yes
I don't know what you know yeah yeah I
don't know here's the ingredient I'm
gonna go put the meeting you know go
ahead and put the meeting when xanax in
his hat I don't know I think I threw the
ball and step on ex-husband he wasn't
nothing but a dog anyway
I'm nothing but a dirty dog they are all
just dirty you know what I did
what'd you do I took this knife right
here and I put it right on his boss back
and he said please don't please don't do
it but I did it anyway
and so ever since then he's died even
dance began to learn he had to learn
somehow he didn't want to listen anyway
that's all it is bring the chips over
here yeah bring it over there and the
meat over here this is the way I do the
meat so I cut around the uh the UH the
wrapping the wrapper and now you see we
got split that me we split it up and
then we don't go back here put it on in
the pot we know how you do it
strum hey you know you've always been
the best doing this you always let me
guess that doing other things like
running your mouth it's been working for
me for City 5 ye bet it's been working
real good it's been working reenact
because I remember
your mouth use the word very good it
still does on my man all right so what
I'm gonna do now is take this spatula
here
I used to what kids with this spatula
when I was younger yeah bad little kid
and I feel dude you put it right there
on there but like I let you listen they
listen just like that break the meat up
in the pan you're gonna break it up this
big enough I think you need to do it you
need me to do it Kellyanne all right let
me get up let me see what I can do yes
don't hit the work with this do you want
me to bring the camera to show what
you're doing
bring a camera up and eat goat on one I
can't see a darn thing he's all right
yeah he's gonna take that she's gonna
mush it mushroom you're breaking it and
we're gonna wait until that's done and
we gonna go ahead and put the tackles
even in there and we gonna have some
good old eyelid meat look at them
titties man they've been nice to ever
since we we have been really nice and
milky and powder puffs my man love them
just a sec oh hey Liam I'm in love my
kid is to get the same all right let me
put it right there
oh no that needs to be further I know
you can't see anything your bladders
that you belong as a bed well you're way
better yeah fix my Louise I could beat
you guys wait a little bit 9 it's a
great set we don't want it to be good
yeah greasy just like you're behind I
breathe behind yes the Haley gotta use a
less the hell you have you don't know
anything behind my husband
yeah my ex-boyfriend in high school and
you took a breath you wanted me the
whole time he was with it what was I
supposed to do say no
hell yeah because you were supposed to
be my friend I am your friend but yet
one thing that you don't know honey
what is that the whole time you guys
were together you came back to me we
were sleeping around you know if you
want to live with me and it was good fun
you need to go to church on Sunday night
you are black I'm that night I'm telling
the truth God told me but tell the truth
can I sit up with your husband which
used to be my my man so erect but I
still have the ring on my finger and I
still got one fruit now what now what
nothing but you know what after all
these years I could never hit you you
know why why because I truly love you
and I love you
you get on my nerves but you like my
sister use it all back but I love you oh
fuck it kept him for you
she's doing bad
I am going to take this cheese and I'm
gonna put it on a pan I saw pain not my
heat it up honey what is it like just
like I heated up my relationship back
when I was younger
let me tell you how I did that how do
you do that one day my man told me I was
boring and I said okay I took it honey
and I ran with it
and guess what I did not coming in say
okay you want to try something different
I come here with a sausage a big long
Edward sausage and I come near now said
here put this in me he said what woman
what are you talking about I said put
this sausage and me since I'm so bored
we goes by stop the bedroom wait I know
that was that cleaning ma'am no which
husband a bullet probably one of the
seven I had I don't know who can count
anymore we're too old yeah I was the
whole back thing I'm still at home I
love being a home what are you doing
there you can't open the wrapper I'm
struggling don't you see it's not that
hard to open
I don't know how to open this damn
package go to the side go to the side I
am at the side you don't know a darn
thing about nothing
come on know what you can open this way
the scissors at where the native Island
drop hell the dance is all where the
scissors you know what
I'm not your mother anymore I'm your
grandma what the hell you want something
what good job ticket my bed man go man
I'm gonna go ahead and stitch it in bit
nap put go ahead and put that in there
I'll put it all over that nice brown
meat and nice brown meat so you don't
know about honey
that's all I know this stuff is musty
your Muncie you're probably just
smelling yourself oh you don't know
nothing about no brown meat I just
thought about what you said I know
everything about brown hey no you need
to go and get some white meat I tried it
once and I said never again
well why the hell not it ain't good for
me well I like my meat black and brown I
like mine nice and duck the black of the
berry the sweeter the juice
alleluia alleluia but if it's too black
then it ain't no use mix all this up in
there you want all the flavor all the
flavor and all that meat something you
don't know about I know everything about
flavor I'm one spicy Brown yes I am
that's what every man is told me in the
past 97 years gluten money yes your man
likes me eat you up right now
you won't lay a finger on me you know
what you just go sit that camera right
now set it up and you just keep on Mary
sir just keeps turning turning that's
your match get to start what do you got
over there
we know she's a lot younger drunk we
need to cook no no no you don't know you
don't know you don't know we got the
meat nice and brown what you don't know
about I can't open it
you gotta so they know Potter like a
little both particles all both don't
stop nigga you better not say that word
nemesis you better not ever Jasmine come
here we need you to open this up first
how in the hell is it that you still
young thank you thank you thank you
thank you don't do it your way to me we
already kind of know this way you know
what shut the hell up
you say everything that comes out your
mouth shut just shut because you need to
shut
everything sometimes you go and that's
why your man cheated on you with me back
in high school because he says the wets
the bed up the wetter the better honey
you're so dry whatever drive you're
driving
drop the Grand Canyon drag it dump it
you dumb bitch Devon you know well
that's all we had to do in this cooking
videos just heat the meat and the cheese
everybody we don't show you the a snow
effect let's go ahead and make these
tacos out all right I'm gonna try the
dark camera turn it up and can you see
the red button
yeah wait no that's not red hats on
that's red you just color bar shut the
hell up
I'd take the Dorito and I crunch them up
get a magic trick just like that nice
and crunchy
just let your butt crunchy that's how
I'm a Lexus so that's how it'll be my
behind thanks daddy for once
yes it is you've just been denied no
you're in denial never tell you without
this dad um yours that badge down there
that would join you ain't no because
your husband showed me your news which
used to be my husband he doesn't even
know how to turn the dark camera I'll
have it ahead of you he only tell you
what he wanted to tell you he knows how
to do here tell me nothing not a thing
not a darn thing that's why I'm gonna
leave it bud 25 you should have been
look at how my Doritos look all right so
this is over with this is done you throw
it and though Trey get the hell out my
video disrespected man if y'all want to
see another episode with Muriel and
Esther yes no no put it down they tell
us what we should make nix you know what
fix your wig my wig keeps coming up you
still look young
drop-dead gorgeous I'm still a thin
you're still a 0.1 have better than you
you in the negative
no just like your friends go yeah all
right
