what's up righteous glad to grow clean
be intercut once again back with another
video and today i'm back seat riding
Claire's driving today and he made me
sit in the back seat because he said I'm
a little kid and I'm like nah I'll
reason was because Patty's right here
say hey Pat wha gwaan
this is uncle Pat right here how could I
tell you Queen
I'm I see Queen that's uncle Pat and
that's uncle Clarence sorry friendships
we um we aunties and uncles today so if
y'all want to start calling us on 10th
uncle's that's cool we're gonna get
pedicures over a whole month I haven't
got my clothes Saracen here we waiting
on patty you don't want me to show his
feet but I'm not to show them I'm not to
zoom in on his feet
you have nice feet as a me and why can i
zoom it I want to show them I know your
private person and all but if you was
that private you wouldn't be getting
done the exam will be done
ah Claire have nice feet
Claire seconds so longer news
I wanted to help anything Lata Kazumi
uncle Pat let the IOT looking I'm gonna
do me in on yours too
you got beautiful feet oh you confident
huh unlike someone over here
he not confident his feet he don't even
want me to go up close honey yeah
like it to miss Soliday oh wait I need
lift eyes boy that special treatment you
got massage and I don't I don't ma'am
do I have
how am i back to be rough but they can't
find mine I guess I'm just no one how do
you ain't get your feet done cuz
remember you said you hate when girls be
playing they toenails you know don't
have no toenail on a pinky toe you
trying to find one to see if I'm trying
to call your bluff see if you have a
pinky toe it's like on the side at least
you ain't got athlete's foot let me zoom
in a monthly well i'm dropouts in
meiosis
and I look I got it Sonia look at that
sicko
let's echo clear I don't know what every
week either way you look the way patty
in the cut I'll bet he buddy get his I'm
excited about this
we could grab downtown parking in the
parking lot Mexico
oh god that tickle
but she took him on my feet
Oh
I am
people petty blue
look at pay yes you see the man a gray
in his feet like cheese
great in his beat like cheese what
what'd you just say yo feet that hearted
they got a view the cheese grater
look who getting their nails done
digging peat nails
I got white toes now yo feet says flee
right now I'm patty patty got the fleet
foot tight though you feel amazing my
feet phone I talked about it top to
bottom you fleet I'm talking about
everything yes great thing I'm on yes
how do you feel right now Claire how do
you feel like you feel good as you got
your feet you sure don't beat your nose
back
thank you feel free from top to bottom
you are a team
alright so I'm back in the car now and
y'all and I'm waiting on patty and clear
so get our chopped cheese's we was gonna
sit down at there's one restaurant
called cafeteria but we all forgot that
we don't have on the proper they have a
dress code you got a dress like all nice
you can't wear sweats or anything you'd
like you can only do jeans or whatever
so we just like seeing this deli pulled
up and was like let's get a chop cheese
so I'm just in a back seat chillin you
feel me
toes feel good feet feel soft and then
we got it dinner like later on at 8:30
so meet with to meet with someone regard
to music or whatever some kind of music
business stuff like always
and yeah that's just really how the Dago
info we ate top team is patty up here
what's about to Betty patty about the
Edit taken out more berries right and
I'm just like it's just it usually at
first to be obviously y'all I wasn't
gonna finish this vlog because I felt
like we went to a no-show yada yada yadi
we had to chop cheese boom what kind of
days that you know what know you could
sue what without talking while you was
watching in like you can hear to naughty
girl do get thing okay I'm just saying
you could have the TV on you wheel thing
I gotta finish this vlog I don't even
know if it's 10 minutes or not but if
it's not guess what I'm doing I'm
putting a black screen right after so
y'all could watch it I need my watch
time I don't know what to do you know
all I know is that we waiting for like
up like we got like 45 minutes so does
dinner clearing your hand look black
from here oh my god that's good too that
lion but your hand look dead black no I
don't know I see my skin fingers how am
i black in dead black shut up I've been
saying dead black for a long time why
you try them you try to make something
over
you may see some over there but to be
honest I didn't even like force it just
came out because I'd be saying that a
lot now so it's like a heavy y'all think
I really just be forcing it you heard -
heard and that's not retarded to be
honest mom lets you save it clear any
point I'm gonna get to wrist and stop
slapping me you leave you do that Dave
you do Yahoo just that means let me I'm
not gonna sell either you is not gonna
be able to reach you I'm gonna take it
off next thing you know Clarence
allegedly slap queen you told you queen
the light is nice don't like orange I'm
just gonna wait right we got our Kelly
you could change the color accord any of
I think I like this I think I like
there's no moss on my work go ahead I
need you to work wow so um all clear
clear oh that would blue that's why yeah
oh it is nice
how you feeling right now though you
feel like money you feel like moolah hey
move again
one more game why change the ribbon so
quickly
okay listen grant I got them changing
color I think the reminisce vice you'd
be on some little medicine we got the
purple Oh
you wanna buy a donut it is I like the
red one man make me feel scary and spicy
I'm not doing this man would you call
the red light when the red light
specials I see but just imagine though
like a girl's all right always about the
curve exactly where the flame my flaming
hot cheetos sorry on maidan this fucker
oh my cuz like I'm at five minutes right
now and I feel like I might enter than
any of that out period I mean my I need
my minutes hope y'all enjoyed I'll be
doing business and flying to LA tomorrow
Noah first of all are you working look
we got a flight in the morning
wait is it a morning you were gonna
flight tomorrow
and I'm a vlog to flight so be looking
out for that I like my little chrome
nails man they like I usually be doing
too much with my nails like big old
stones and like colors but I don't know
I like these I feel calm but um I'm out
I love you Rorty squad you know the
haters can kiss my ass
what
oh my ended just like that just like
that alright goodnight oh wait not good
night um no but good no it's nothing
oh not you something so it's in a camera
is Matt blurry I'm keeping all this in
here I look terribly alright yeah I'm
for real like about to leave now
bye
