good work you squat it's a girl queen
beep intercut once again back with
another deal so I am here today yes it's
today because this 5:44 in the morning
even though it feel like nighttime but
I'm about to do a video like why not I'm
up I look cute you know I just laid my
hair my makeup you know why not do a
video because actually are I miss like
four days
I posted a bit lucky I've expected Rubin
as y'all can see by the title of this
video I'm going to be answering some
questions I post it on my Instagram
without saying oh send me what would you
do if questions oh my god please don't
let my boys keep doing it so anyway I
asked all my subscribers and followers
on Instagram to send me questions
starting with what would you do it
let me just update y'all real quick
though it's been like four days since I
posted a video for freaking days yeah it
I'm so sorry but sometimes life just
happens and I don't always keep up with
what I'm supposed to be doing but stay
tuned throughout this video because at
the end of the video I am doing a
giveaway
okay for the ladies so thanks him
throughout the video to find out what it
is but um yeah I've been slacking back
like for days I have enclosed a video so
I'm gonna try to catch up and at least
through three post three today if I can
at least two but I really want to do it
three if I can but I missed four days
y'all gonna be okay so by the way I did
go to church on Sunday I just couldn't
blog because I didn't have
camera actually left my camera at jazz
trader in my house and I don't know how
I did it but I just I left it there but
the service was really really really
really good like it's a powerful message
you're basically basically about like
how people want God to be their Savior
and they only when it goes to him when
they want something but like they don't
want to admit that he's the owner over
everything like any like like they don't
want him to be there alpha and omega if
you know what I mean like me giving it
in like they just want to do whatever
they want to do in like in go to him
whenever they feel like they need
something that's why a lot of people
don't hear from God the way they want to
hear from God because they doing
whatever they want and you only go to
him what it means so that's what the
word was about one Sunday I will try to
UM do next Sunday film mix Sunday if I
can but if not I would just tell y'all
what the message would but anyway let's
get into this video topic top 10
questions you guys the first one is what
would you do if you wasn't doing YouTube
hmm I don't know actually like I could I
could bring I could take that to ways
like if I never started YouTube in the
first place I probably still would be
working like a regular job and I
probably would would have been rolled
back into school just for the heck of it
even though I really probably wouldn't
want to but I would be probably like
focusing more of my music and recording
music and stuff like that although I
should be doing that now because I feel
like the platform I got like I really
could get connected with a lot of people
I can a music industry but it's like
iearnt it's a crazy crazy crazy industry
up there like so I don't want to give
myself at this
then I can get out of no just kidding I
really been slacking on focusing on
music and stuff but I'll get back to it
y'all it's just I don't know I a lot of
times I get sidetracked and that's just
something I kind of work on if you -
like this is shut down and I wasn't
doing it no more I wouldn't do something
else on social media actually I probably
would come out with a clothing line
which I'm already working on that yard
oh okay and I probably would be looking
into real estate and you know own a
house is you know stuff that's going to
carry me on forever like except that's
going to keep money flowing me and what
I don't have to worry about you know it
struggling number two what would you do
if they ran out of pants all over the
world so you mean to tell me I got to
bleed just just bleed all over oh wait a
minute
I think they got tape on that we have
tampons right so I guess I'll just use
different although I like stay pretty
uncomfortable like I really don't like
using tampons it's just like some
disabilities you walk around with
something stuck in you well you are but
it's not really comfortable but then
pads pads feel nasty too so I don't know
if they ran out of hands I probably
would just use tampons and they ran out
of tampons - I probably was just using
cloth I don't know some tissue for five
days like until it's over
number three what would you do is
another guy complement to you besides
Chris I mean it's just a compliment I
would say thank you and keep your moving
that's what you've got to understand
like I'm pretty sure Chris it's not the
only person that think I'm beautiful or
that once it won't let me put those
other that won't give me a compliment
I'm pretty sure plenty of other guys
that will give me compliments so I mean
the least I could do is say thank you
I'm not about to sit there just like
don't talk to me don't talk to me good I
don't like when you say I'm cute I would
just say thank you you can move in in
like don't let nothing else you know go
further I wouldn't go further the next
is a thank you yeah I just my poem just
cracked today if I just got it fit does
not have time to be dropped in it next
question what would you do
Queen what would you do if you only had
24 hours to live that's a lot to think
about child
it's like I mean imagine it like imagine
you know and Iulia I only got 24 hours
to survive to live and then after that
I'm dead like it's 553 a.m. and 553 a.m.
tomorrow I'll be dead I guess I would
really want to make sure I'm spiritually
ready you know to meet God I would
really try to within that 24 hours just
pray pray pray pray pray repent repent
for all my sins and y'all I'm not saying
that like you don't do whatever you want
throughout life and then when you when
you feel like God has come in all of a
sudden just repent
I don't go like that you really need to
act like every day is your last day you
know I'm saying I mean of course it's
hard everybody fall short of the glory
of God but you must repent like every
day so if I knew I had to be proud to
live I would definitely be pretty
praying to God repent in talking to God
I would be talking to every family
member every friend anybody I felt like
you know I had something against or
anything in my heart that I was like
that was just not like God I would ask
them to remove it I'll be asking people
just forgive me I'll be telling people I
love them I would be doing so much stuff
to clear my heart like and to just make
sure I was pure before I left and that's
real deep that's deep I wouldn't be
trying to live it up Club it up little
parties I'll do this I'll do that
because at the end II ain't none of that
no matter like ain't nothing that won't
matter when you leave this earth like
it's really gonna be about your soul I'm
pretty much gonna make sure my soul is
right and just tell everybody I love a
question number I what would you do if
some I smack my son CJ in front of me no
light up like I really meet as a person
I'm very docile and I'm very nice but I
feel like one thing you don't do is mess
with somebody kids and like that will
bring the line out of me like when I see
you messing with my Cubs I'm like it's
nobody ever tried that yet but if I see
somebody messing with my child
lord knows I mean there's no telling
what I would do but I love somebody with
this message in front of me they're
getting back handed off tops or I'm
going to jail like either way they're
getting back here I'm not
having my just left slept with my kids
around it'll be fighting like legit
booking I don't care where we in if we
store it in a bank in a restaurant we
fight in period we fight
don't touch my son don't touch my son
question number six I don't know why
y'all ask me this but this was real
interesting what would you do if jazz
perfect laughs there are no breath left
is go check her out but what would you
do is just turn straight I don't know
why y'all ask me things like what do
James got to do meet but I thought I
might boy answer so if Jess turned
straight I would like okay it okay see
you didn't crossed over I see what you
want to be strictly I'll be coming shot
a be room shot but I would like a mess
up to the story I'm saying let's get you
some new outfits let's get our nails
done you know some pedicure words let's
go um figure out what hairstyle we don't
get next like let's get you a so and boo
or you can just whack your net over here
but like I'm trying to do a bunch of
girly things for her and I'd be real
like I love Jess with machines but I'd
be like really excited you know yeah
I'll be shocked but it would be fun
it may be real funny when I don't know
and why are you so funny to me but I'll
probably be laughing like well who
wouldn't turn you out question number
seven what would you do if CJ grew up to
be in F boy oh well my son already
looked like that's Louie gonna be but I
don't want to put that on his life and I
want to speak that into existence so I'm
just praying to the Lord that he will be
a good man and you know you treat women
the way they is supposed to be treated
and you don't be around just brick and
females hearts playing them because
trust me like I know how to do if
anybody knows it's me so I would want my
friend around here just breaking the
heart spinning you know just just being
ugly in the inside but if he was a boy
in life that you can't bring you like
different girls in my
I will put every girl to the side and
I'm sorry if I'm gonna think I'm crazy
or I'm stupid for this I will pull the
girl to the side like listen don't take
my son series whatever you do keep your
eyes up and do your research and watch
okay because my son not no angel can I
probably be the pity type to to be like
hey CJ is that that one girl you had
over here the other day it will just
make me mad you know I mean CJ I'll make
his own decisions when you grow up but I
will you know try to tell him what's
wrong and what's right and I'm not gonna
uphold them and his wrong just because I
miss my mom like if I see him do it's
not wrong him tell him you're wrong
question number eight y'all funny puddin
y'all real funny
what would you do if you woke up baaah
like baaah legit no here y'all wanna say
I would be crying my eyes out oh my god
I probably would be just hysterical in I
would be running around the house just
slapping my head and just asking God
what happened like trying to go back
I'll be trying to go back into bed go to
sleep to see this dream right then I
really wake up bald
I'll be fight everybody in the house
trying to figure out who put a whole
bottle of Nair on my head like I would
be going nuts but since I would be bald
I would just I would have to go to the
to the beauty supply store and find a
bunch of weeds and you know some lace
front with some edges on there make sure
I got edges because a lot of these we
went a lot of people run around here
with the wigs and they still don't got
inches like that's crazy how could you
oh my god
okay next question number 9 what would
you do if Chris proposed to you a kid um
well one we already married but
here we go my fingers it's fine out here
somewhere but I would be like I don't
know how it out it I would actually like
that to happen I would like a fresh
start after everything but like I think
I'll be more so more so just cautious
like trying to make sure we're you know
that it's genuine and you know that it's
like it's really mint in its heart
though I will just want everything to be
real and genuine and I want to make sure
like to my fullest that you know things
happen before it won't happen again so
you know cuz you know how you get your
hopes up or whatever and you feel like
oh this is gonna be good it'll be good
and then all of a sudden everything just
come crashing down like I would just
really I won't really be prayerful and
just hopeful that it was really really
really genuine and I will hope that it
could be like a new start like a clean
slate I'm a very you know forgiving
person if everybody can clearly see um
so I probably would feel happy if I knew
that it was you know genuine now
question number 10 the last question
y'all and this is the biggest biggest
biggest question that everybody been
asking me y'all are so persistent when
it comes to something I want to know
like y'all got started getting out of me
so this number 10 and this would be the
last question and then I will tell you
what I'm giving away but the last
question but not least is what would you
do if you got cheated on again um let's
see y'all ever heard of a saying that
what is it
fool me once the blames on you when we
fight the light on me
well I would probably have no other
option after that but to just because
like a person could only take so much
everybody deserves another chance but if
it's like repetitive and like keeps you
know like it doesn't happen again
yeah I might be two minutes - try again
- too tired you know like just move
along kind of thing but that thing if
they are question which hopefully does
not won't happen to me cuz I really
don't feel like I don't really feel like
the embarrassment or the the pain cuz
it's really hard I don't feel like that
if you don't think I can go through that
again another time so yeah
gotta blast oh I'm done with that next
part of the video now it's time for me
to tell you guys what I'm giving away
okay drumroll please everybody general
ready not doula here okay none to leave
I am the brand ambassador of that doula
hair if you guys don't know I used to
promote it a lot on the Chris agui
channel but now I'm be promoting all my
channels oh this is the box right here
that somebody will be receiving and let
me show y'all this is the package let me
take it out there's some there's some me
clash Avenger from my doula does evening
clashes you guys can see it
oh my god
anyway Department make latches that's
included there are three 18-inch bundles
you guys I use this here myself like
I've been you every time I get a Soviet
or wear a ponytail I use that over here
because it's so good and it also comes
with a closure this closure is 16 inches
and the bundles are 18 inch all three
anyway let me show you out how they look
this is the Brazilian yeah the Brazilian
18 inch straight and bundles so you'll
get three of these right here these
beautiful beautiful bundles like in soft
it smell good so then they're don't shed
y'all it's really good you can wash it
you can blow-dry it you could even die
it if you want and it lasts for a long
time I might just look at that really I
should be putting these bundles about
here okay but it's awesome because I'm
gonna give it to somebody out there and
they're really you know just once a
bundle so if you want to enter the
giveaway for these bundles in the
closure and I'm in the lashes I'm gonna
need y'all to put your email address and
then you have to be following me on
Instagram and the Instagram name will be
right here you have to follow nah not
doulas Instagram and I will also put the
link in the description for that and you
have to be subscribed to not really
Instagram
I mean subscribes and I do is YouTube
channel and that will be that that link
will be in the description as well put
your first name your last name your
email and whoever I randomly just select
to win y'all I will be emailing you on
your email on your email address okay
and I'll be asking for your mailing
information so I can mail it to you so
ladies ladies ladies
- into the giveaway if you want these
bundles you better do exactly everything
you know I was lit okay because these
are too good that's a hat and I will be
doing more giveaway so stay tuned y'all
make sure you guys are subscribe to my
channel as well if you haven't
subscribed already in yeah that's about
it so I really hope you guys enjoy this
video I will be doing some story times
very soon some story times that you
never thought you were here for me okay
so what's some real interesting
interesting story times yeah so make
sure y'all stay - I'm about to take mom
but it's a big wipe off this makeup
because I know I'm not just cute Thank
You thought yes I am without making it
with or without so keep all right so
everybody do me a favor and like it up
like this video and if you really really
really really really like the comment
under here what you thought and what
else you like to see okay about see
y'all
