yes
what good Boise's glad a girl queen beat
in the cut back again with another video
so if you guys have been wondering where
i've been it's been about two days since
I did a video but I've literally been in
my house like the whole time just trying
to get everything clean and organized
like even the guest room the bed in the
guest room head-on broke down or
whatever it I guess some guests that
came over it was on it too hard but I
got that fixed and I just been like
basically trying to get my house
together um as you all know um Chris is
not here at the house he gone he went to
Detroit sigasi family and to go do
things I guess and so I've been just in
my house chillin like literally chillin
boss eject some little learning toys or
whatever you know working with him and
then Trey comes along last night at the
house that CJ wanted to go with Trey so
I figured I could get a little bit
housework done so I woke up this morning
and started cleaning my upstairs because
lord knows at this house like to clean
it all like it takes a couple of days to
get it really really good and clean but
um what I'm out to do now is get my
lashes done as y'all can see I don't
have on no mascara at all these are my
lashes right here but you can't really
see like from far back you can only see
up close but I'm not to go get my lashes
done it's been a while since I got my
lashes done I'm actually about to be
late because I'm recording right now so
let me get my butt in the car so yeah
I'm not to pull off now because
that I was gonna be late by talking to
the camera in the house but I just
wanted to say something before I pulled
off I didn't see in some comments in the
last video that I posted when CJ was at
trailer-mounted perfect last house he
knows a lot of comments saying that I'm
a bad parent and that I never had my son
and like just a bunch of stuff to
degrade me as a mom and I just want to
say this you guys only see what's on
camera my child is with me all of the
time and it does not make me a bad
parent if I trust somebody to come take
my son and give me a few days for a
break it's okay because it's just like
sending your son with a family member
which is how they are to me they're like
my family members they're like family to
me
so if I trust them to keep my son for a
few days because my son wants to go over
there and play with the other baby and
play with toys and you know there's
nothing wrong with that I'm pretty sure
that I'm not the I'm not a perfect
parent I'm still young I'm still
learning and I'm still trying to teach
CJ to learn certain things but one thing
God don't want y'all to do is come on
here beating me up saying that I'm a bad
mother because I got a few days away
from my child I just wanted to say that
and get that off my chest cuz it kind of
bothered me I guess that's not the true
supporters it's in there true supporters
don't beat people up on the head for
getting a couple of days away from each
other
so anyway I'm about to take off get on a
roll I want to be on a camera while
driving because I could get into
accident so I just listened to my music
and jam and gonna roll okay uh I got a
confession
and I hope y'all don't judge me
but I'm being late again because it is
although I'm go turbo you call the wall
to fall we go
me
that's in
okay also I'm finally here about to get
my lashes done by lash by Angie this is
her she's um she does her work at home
so Vidya like my lashes go check out her
page I'll put the Instagram name like
right below so you guys can see it so
I'm about to be right back after it one
a couple of hours
oh my goodness I love them so freakin
much lash by Angie y'all know like this
dog looks scary as heck I didn't go
buddy you look scary so right now I am
at the studio well waiting on trainer my
or just one of them to come and get the
door for me my baby
CJ is in there with him and Loic no good
I hear hungry say what up without God
where my baby yes there I need to be up
in here
so you don't want to go come on tell him
why do I want to go home Showtime
yo I don't know like you just want to
come over because they think I'm a bad
parent now cuz I left them over there
with you but you leave them we sit we
came over and say we was taking them
yeah they took them from me so y'all
need to just be quiet okay we can wash
our hair I think I hear my baby
howdy baby boy how are you okay mommy
get a kid mommy love you
come on did you eat I'm hungry
why take like five I thought you miss
mommy yeah you don't miss me rumor was
in Connecticut I love you why are you
running away
perfect about to record some heat over
there you might require some heat are
you done
all right let me on a try and put me on
a trick yeah I'm at the drop zone - look
I can't be the only one here not
dropping a music y'all ready now we're
Applebee's but to eat boo you're after
all a good thing would what's up are
mine I guess a make sure
we're about to go eat Monica trying to
catch BR what y'all gonna eat what y'all
gonna order you need what he'll the
closest thing that I had shrimp what a
deal
why he happy in Texas you can tell he
happy I'm working out every day and my
damn boss is hurting right now what you
gonna do shoot me I'll be one every day
do I need to work on my stomach getting
more off left leg
here
they don't turn your head why you do not
love it me no more CJ you don't love you
no more I think I know what I gotta get
you a cookie you want cookie that's all
the reason why you love me because of a
cookie CJ I don't love me no more not
knowing it is me oh my god you guys look
at my size oh oh these I got chicken
tenders oh and there's a FaceTime right
there too but on the entire time
what you don't need to pay for you
where's my food that was my food guys
how many do free meal yah please no sir
no sir
does anybody have a food fight yah we go
there we go oh yeah thank you
and yeah I know you care - I would never
cut out on my camera
y'all need Church on Sunday CJ what you
don't need is me is that good okay y'all
so I had to make my daily stop to go get
ice I don't know what chance coming here
for it but I'm getting ice oh you got
your guess Arman Arman already past that
get it here you've had good like not up
with corny mom outside walk in here and
get see they got some ice I'm talking
about like I said do you have do have
fallen do can I have some ice from the
POW injury
I need some ice like really bad mother
get some ice from here that that's how
desperate I am
alright so much in this vlog I'm at my
bros training around house but CJ once
you say good night baby good night I
love you hi he loved all the truth
supporters and I do too
I gotta wake up tomorrow on sit and go
I'm going on my war I'm just so sleepy
right now I gotta go sleep now so I
gotta take CJ tendentious in the morning
or the afternoon and get my hair done
tomorrow so so you need that peace out
peace out money
