good morning great morning
happy Sunday it's a girl Queen I'm back
with another video and currently y'all
see me you know dressed up or whatever
adrift nice I got in this little black
dress with some little sandals it's not
too short y'all don't worry it's right
above my knees okay so don't judge me
but I'm going to church this morning I'm
tired of saying I'm go to church and
then Miss Sunday and then go the next
Sunday after there and like repeat the
same process so I woke my butt up even
though I like went to sleep at like 2:00
in the morning and I'm going to church
this morning and I'm going by myself
because obviously you know people didn't
wake up so I am going to church and
hopefully you know um I get a word from
God her hopefully I you know feel like
the word is for me but if not it could
be for somebody else and I must still
enjoy it oh um I feel like it's just the
right way to start out today so welcome
to Sunday's vlog and I will see you guys
soon gotta get gas
they're probably on the side of the road
gotta get it
yeah
I keep myself
so
I'm finally here y'all the church is
right over there about to walking in and
I may not be able to record I may be
your I may record just a little bit of
service yeah but I don't want to be
disrespectful and I really wants to
really be able to listen so I'm not
gonna try to head a camera too much
inside the church but I can just show
you a little bit okay all right I'm
about to go have a good time
good morning praise the Lord
I'm a vlogger yeah good morning
over
yeah you you are you you to put mom the
Model T let me teach you in your
youthfulness how Oh
and teach you in yeah how to like 30
years older than your beautiful Chapel
let me refine this whole you're not
always always called it off
clean your
I'm still here yo bud
churches okay yeah I'm finally out of
church
oh my god charging with him um it was it
was amazing amazing man when I say when
I say I feel
I feel so refreshed y'all don't even
understand God really he really touched
me today he really spoke to me and I
just thank him so much for him
still speaking to me even through the
bed like I I went up to the altar with
no hesitation as soon as I said come to
the altar I went with no hesitation and
usually I wait around a little bit but I
went with no hesitation in when I say
God really touched me he's the whole
message everything was for me it's like
he was speaking right to me I spoke in
tongues y'all I spoke in tongues and so
long but it just came so fluent I don't
know where I spoke in tongues again I
feel so refreshed I feel so good can't
nobody make me feel like God can't
nobody help a situation or problem like
God and I just I just think I'm so so
much but touching me today I asked
before I got the church to give me a
word let me get something out of it you
know how you go to church you go back to
and out you know the same I don't feel
the same I feel so good and and I really
feel like he's oakes me and I just
whoo I feel so good y'all but um I'm
headed home now and I'm about to
actually go I'm cooking today Sunday
dinner you're gonna make lasagna um and
I think um like garlic bread salad and
whatnot I was gonna make chicken too but
I think the lasagna is enough so I'm
about to go home meet Emily we don't go
to the grocery store together and cook
and my baby I'm perfect laughs she
bringing my baby home finally I told her
to bring them home because they can't
kidnap him for too long I need my baby
but all right yeah I'm about to go to
the store so I want my girl
mm hey hey and look at our basket y'all
it's full of stuff we're about to make
some lasagna okay so so far we got our
spaghetti noodles army or ricotta cheese
you keep you keep pushing
then we having it with Caesar salad
y'all don't mind is some chocolate got
on my camera so I'm recording with
chocolate on my carriage eggs okay right
now we picking up some eggs because we
ran out of eggs and um would it be a
good juice to go with it
you get popper juice either no matter
whatever yeah they're drinking yeah
drink it up yeah oh you got some Texas
toast to bar do you think she has a
birthday we can do breadstick in a Texas
toast okay
yeah cuz we got some breadsticks at home
we could grab the Texas toast Ana
breadstick he meant like Texas toast
with lasagna or spaghetti like it's so
good but I'll be loving the breadsticks
cause it's so like soft yeah we should
get some those yeah we need some new
what what 2 % CJ look at the camera
booboo say hi mommy missed you I missed
my baby so much give me kiss give me
good give me a kiss not them give me one
Hey cavitus
I love you you like your toy my baby huh
that's youto a baby alright so I'm at
the UM me in back to throw down on
kitchen we might be cool some lasagna
she making what you making spinach she's
making finished lasagna I'm making
regular Italian lasagna with the meaty
stuff and yeah that's about it you got
em bout to cut these onions and I hope
you don't fry are you gonna cry no I
don't think sometimes any the girl I'll
be crying I didn't have enough pillar
under the freaking thing now I'm about
to come over here I might um put my put
my meat in here I gotta get my my
Italian sausage in my my ground beef and
everything together and um I gotta get
my little mixture for the the GZ mixture
right now I got my science sausage in my
ground beef cooking and then i'ma go and
make my filling for the lasagna I got my
chopped parsley my onions my ricotta
cheese mozzarella parmesan and we're
gonna get this stuff mixed together
that mixture going oh look at what em is
doing yes that's been is look good and
it smells good
my stuff's still browning and I'm making
my mixture right now for the cheese hi
baby
what happened to you for you baby you
want to watch a movie okay you gotta
give me a kiss first you gotta give me
kiss
ready ready give mommy kiss mmm I love
you they love you mommy
I love you mommy no I'm just stuck in my
layers for the lasagna let me show you
all the aftereffect okay so we got my
meat lasagna and her Spinach Lasagna
all ready to cook this might be good I
cannot wait you got em making our Caesar
salad we like to eat y'all and then
check our lasagna out look at that oh my
lord check out our lasagna it's gonna be
so good oh we also got some cookies and
stuff we bout to make afterwards you got
put in our breadsticks and we gonna be
good we'll have us for dinner yes me and
em did that this is mine this is em we
did that this is about to be amazing got
CJ hi baby boy boy you're always trying
to watch a movie we don't get you some
learning blocks we don't get you some
learning black she wants a baby seat
come on you wanna say get ready let's
say ABCs one two ready go ABC you guys
sing with me
ready sing ABCs one see where you go
baby CJ you guys thinking thinking about
mommy come on a b c d e f g h i j
okay LMNOP qrs tuv w y and z now i know
my abcs and all you heard me next time
won't you sing with me
we bout to eat our food okay so yeah
yeah it was a good day today we bout to
eat our lasagna lasagna and i will see
you on the next vlog so I really hope
you guys enjoy this you going we gonna
eat okay you know you can watch a movie
later you have some toys
well mama takes a surrogate toy toys I'm
gonna take CJ toy shop and I'm a vlogger
and we're gonna take him to the zoo
well go to the zoo say zoo say zoo doing
not toys a zoo okay I'm out
you
