what's good was good won't ease quite
well good I'm good what's good right
he's glad you should grow clean beat
back and cut once again with another
video and my lips look as she is hick
and I don't care and I got the same
closes last night and I just got home I
just got home from last night and it's
like already like 2:00 in the afternoon
okay it's the real deal I ain't putting
up no front
I got the same clothes from last night
yeah and I just got home and I was
listen friends last night off with the
same girls from yesterday's blood or
today's vlog or whatever and the one to
charges seen the one before this one and
um we was like all the apartment having
like Girl Talk and stuff like that my
baby I just missed my son I miss my son
CJ is like attached to Trey he will not
he don't want to leave Trey's house like
Trey perfect laughs and around the house
he'll want to leave dear they got toys
and everything over there snacks
everything for him like I called him on
FaceTime and I said CJ you wanna go with
mommy or you wanna stay with Trey he
said Jay y'all don't understand how
heartbroken I was I gotta see my baby
today you know also I didn't go wash my
car from him eggs y'all so I gotta wash
my car today
I gotta get in shower cuz my booty
probably smell like my bleep ray I don't
know my mom buddy probably smell like
onions I don't know but all I know is
this is the beginning of my vlog so I
don't know what was coming next in the
next clip but we got seat nigga I need
some car max he's listening to see some
car max
got up the shower smelling like a flower
took about an hour cuz I was smelling
sour okay good my of it
you're like my outfit today it's like
the little loose pants with the little
little top and I think I'm gonna look at
my car wash and yeah probably get a
pedicure and go get my son because train
on my own thinking about to kidnap my
son
and then I bout to do that I want to see
my baby so bad I miss my baby so bad so
yeah so I forget my car wash but I
decided to come get my toes done first
because they're looking a mess honey
like I had my toes done in like too much
it looks like I'm being lonely today
then I couldn't my friend I answering
the phone and the girls are with
yesterday I don't know what they do
nothing but I think imma be solo today
just by myself
just chillin other than that yeah I
think moving my car watch after this cuz
that really was little girl in my car
wash first
it was gonna take all days I just need
to get this out the way got some nasty
dead came out this world is my toes
y'all
show me
currently driving to the carwash right
now y'all look at the Sun beaming me
they're like I'm driving through the
carwash now my souls are finally done
done I got the Princeton the jacket see
and that's it I'm gonna pick up my
friend because she finally answered a
ball
okay I'm exhausted
I'm exhausted I just got my car clean my
windshield everything is clear now no
more eggs but I'm just tired like I
don't know why oh I don't weep because I
haven't ate and everybody's taking all
day and I mean I'm about to go so fast
full restaurant and eat a fat juicy
burger please
kind of like that I'm not real Lobster
so ease
I'm just in here so just so just tired
me bro do y'all see this
look at all these bird
it's like they having a family reunion
is up everywhere everywhere oh my god
he'll mom why do I look like this right
now why I look like a soggy dog my
lipstick faded y'all look my friend is
here and she's so beautiful back
beautifully than ever
y'all so I forgot to vlog when I forgot
to vlog our dinner we just came we just
came from Red Lobster I forgot to vlog
it because I don't know I was just my
mind everywhere right now so I gotta go
home freshen up my lipstick it's up my
makeup
oh my my nose sir I got a whole version
of that weekend we going out to karaoke
we doing karaoke should I record that
yes I was recorded to a karaoke me Emily
and Kenna we all going to go to karaoke
I got her driving y'all don't judge me I
got her driving because I really haven't
slept like all night and so I just I'm
so tired I can't do it almost fainting
on a freeway so we had to pull over so
she could drive
but yeah oh oh my god bleep that
out she's got a potty mouth so I got my
girl Emily with me without we got Kenna
I changed my outfit I changed my outfit
cuz I just feel like a sloppy Pig y'all
we got to go across the street over
there yeah Michael turn up so I got that
vlogging cuz we're gonna turn up
you know I'll turn up so yeah yeah look
I gotta say I'm in this no I'll be back
I'll be back my charges I'll be back
I'll be back to this blog because I got
a I'm an end as well when I come back
but I'm doing karaoke tonight I wish
y'all could see but area I might get
copy written so I can't do it okay so I
know I said I'll be back last night but
it's the morning time it's a brand new
day um last night was last night was it
didn't go as planned so you know I felt
me my friends are gonna go to this
little karaoke thing but my friend can I
20 so she couldn't get in so we went to
a hookah bar and no we didn't do hookah
because I don't smoke or anything like
that but I did hook it before so if
y'all see a video of me doing hookah
like in the past I did it before but I'm
not doing it again because I just don't
it make me feel crazy and lightheaded
but yeah we went to the sukkah bar and I
really didn't even enjoy myself because
like I had got a call from my mom and my
mom was just basically saying that she
had just finished praying for me or
whatever and she said like that I was
heavy on her heart and God was speaking
to her about me and she was saying some
things about like me getting back to God
before it's like too late
and I've been I can't lie I've been a
little stressed out or whatever as far
as like everything's been going on and
I've been I've been trying to do things
to get my mind off of it but I gotta
realize that nothing really can get my
mind or nothing really can help me you
know through stress and everything but
God like you could try to do everything
you know you could try to go to the club
go party go smoke go drink you know talk
to people but really nobody can really
help your problems but guy and I knew
that but I was trying to just have fun
and do other things you know to to just
get my mind off of stuff and just make
me feel happier but I know the reason
why a lot of things are going on in my
life and sometimes God do a lot of stuff
too you know her he lot and he don't do
it to you but he allows things that
happened because he trying to get your
attention
whether it could be the very person
that's close to you that you know that
you fall out with and it makes you feel
like you ain't got nobody but the reason
why is because he he wants you to focus
on him you know and that's what he want
me to do so after last night I pretty
much like said in the car when I got
home and was like this life I mean this
kind of life not for me y'all this all
this going out like I mean it's it's I'm
not gonna lie to you when you got the
right people it's fun every blue moon
but this life not for me like turning up
all the time like I want to do I want to
do more stuff I want to go to the zoo I
want to go to amusement parks in and the
beach and do fun things like that but I
want to turn up no more like that's hot
I don't even drink or anything like that
so it's nothing really for me there I'd
really just don't I don't have no reason
to be there
none of us really have a reason to be
there me or Chris to be honest but you
know we have went out for his birthday
or whatever after after everything
happened you know trying to trying to
just get our minds off of stuff but
that's not the answer so I don't think
I'll be going clubbing no more and if I
do want to go in like dance or like do
some fun only thing I probably do closer
today is karaoke or something you know
just to go clown around and have fun but
other than that I don't want to do that
no more I'm kind of done with that
people always say live your life and you
know do this and do that while you young
but how much is enough you know I'm
sorry I keep looking away but I'm just
like just thinking but I'm gonna go
ahead and in this vlog y'all I never
even went to go see my baby yesterday
but I'm getting him today I just want my
baby my son and I just want to go you
know take him somewhere and go focus on
CJ cuz I can't admit that you know I've
been taking my baby nowhere to make me
feel kind of bad and I just need to step
up period so it's about it y'all I love
all the true supporters and the reason
why I always say true supporters now is
because a lot of people said that there
were supporters of me in us and you know
but they switched up so all my true
supporters don't understand
life happens and things happen I love
you guys and I will see y'all soon again
in another vlog okay but I'm upping in
this all by the way I got a little
dressed today say good vibes but I got
my eyebrows done to let the eyebrow lady
she got some of the some of the oil on
my dress right here so that's why I look
like this but yeah y'all I just want
good vibes just like that and I need a
frickin I want a frickin boobless man
cuz I'm telling y'all just CJ Google
things things got lost acting but yeah
y'all that's about it I'm out I love you
guys I'll see you guys and I'll talk to
you guys later okay
