are y'all serious whoa
what you mean what's up righteous
question girl queen bee and I got my bro
are my nigga get off me noodles balloon
chickasaw we bout to prank Trey you
didn't even know what's coming his way
look let me say this clear my sentence
but okay so we got it's clear my senses
it's like my sense is like my nose area
anyway we got area from I'm just Airy
she's in on it what she's gonna do is go
in until it's right well wherever he is
he won't go to tell the trick look I see
our minor Queen where I'm trying to put
on a anything phone it's on me I'm gonna
be in his bathroom like all alone we've
been here for about 10 minutes when she
tell him late I know you don't start
like trying to look around and call my
name or call my name so when you gonna
answer so you gonna come everywhere and
until you get in this room here when you
get in this room here we got a camera
but don't come off the bathroom
those who seek you out here India it'll
go from here like me everything you're
doing someone's supposed to be doing
what we want to be funny
that's good this is our sis so yeah
they're gonna be so confused
like what the hell was hard doing yeah
yeah all right so we like to set this
camera and hang it is going my hotel
area to go tell him in about three
minutes
all right so we got my girl I'm just
every hair link would be in the
description she's about to go to trade
that she can't find us machine her from
you Armand about to be in his bathroom
I'm about to set this camera you were
able do this yeah
you gotta act like like I don't know you
got to just like actually be like I'm
like like let's find whatever thing you
gotta be like let's find I'm or like
quality a name it's not my job to call
my name it's calling the user so we
don't know you can start doing so when
it coming by being you if you don't come
in here first then you come in here so
you can follow me you irritate it
alright so in the camera everybody go
run upstairs ago time right now and I'm
about to win a bathroom with our mind
yeah that's about it
I'm going back to my mom y'all ready for
this let's get Trey's reaction bee bee
bee bee bee bee
oh I know it is not wait what was that
well I put me on in the bathroom in the
bathroom bro I just heard you were queen
your penis Loney are y'all serious wrong
what you mean well what did you sweat it
I've got the shower the shower
so you already have an eco where I just
jump in the shower or my clothes bro
did you in a shop yes I was no I didn't
hear to shower I was in your life no she
was already inside the bank check my
chain know I've been a little steamed or
anything in there did my bro that's so
sex partner it was my sister bro listen
I would never do it I told you I thought
you know I wonder that's a Chris road
like you know obviously was
right I was eating that's when I was in
a shower broke I was eating I'm like
this every single time I like mmm in the
shower yes we would never do this no I'm
so serious bro she if she show you her
multicolored ago because we still in the
bathroom together bro anybody go seek
day I was just running off bro I have to
put on my pants I was naked over there
right here in the closet that was that
was me no it was morning from that was
me I was right here
I'm like this the most hot summer it
wasn't like that
no you hear stuff bro she was hurt is a
home before I was born
you know that's what a mommy came right
here sweater I like this way to go
because I'm totally first off you like
just when to shower to the shower not
even steam oh I mean no it was no no no
it was when she was laying right here
did you eat the noodles you never make
you since we came in with me this whole
thing is funny I just you glad because
you don't really think I would do that
with water you know and that's so crazy
you post me brothers with the whole
husband we will do that mean you're on
there having sex go on their car there's
something nothing I have tax dollars
right here bodies door and got was
having sick I don't understand how do
you think I was having it was plenty
she knew well sister and your brothers
in your birthday my vessel are not heard
did I get you good bro no did I yes I
did
bro we got him good making me high five
high five
thank you Eric Ripert innovated made me
so much money bro I'm not too good huh
I got you good
bro I would never do that you think I'm
a hole like that but yeah shoutouts Oh
bro are mine for doing this prank with
me follow ARMA I mean I follow yeah if I
went on Instagram - but subscribe to
their channel they link will be in
description subscribe - I'm just every I
love you guys thanks for watching and
yeah that's about it what were some
pieces you want to wear some pieces yes
alright let's
