bro is Chris not love Chris and I
respect him I was pick y'all marriage is
done
what's good right - squad I should go
Queen being a cut back with another
video
everybody's here perfect last hour mine
and tray house talking or whatever and
I'm editing new videos I told Jess I was
gonna come in here and say connect cuz
I'm I look sleepy as y'all can see but I
decided why not use this time and do my
first prank on my channel so I'm about
to prank Jasmine y'all like she don't
even know what's about to come her way
but I'm out to call her in the room and
act like I just want to talk to her like
regular at first
and I'm actually come on to her I'm
asked her like you know to do certain
things to me because I never experienced
it with a girl and all this different
stuff I'm just like come up with some
crazy stuff off the top of my head dude
I need to wipe off this makeup oh my god
but I want to prank her I gotta find
somewhere to put this camera I'm also do
this prank on her real quick so I hope
you guys did enjoy this should be
interesting about to see her reaction
and see what she would do
so let's go I'm about to call her in
here yeah that's what about doing with
the car in here so let's go
I'm gonna start the weird I still gotta
ask you something what you gonna believe
me you know what you say could you know
you say I'm gonna be insolent
how about the Adobe is all right this is
a county I've been singing
being able some yes this okay you're
funny
my point here is so much you know you
find me somebody to give some here
thanks I'm not doing it I'm not doing it
this is this okay I'm gonna call you sis
no I just want to call you something
else
call me woods so I'm gonna call you I
was gonna take a nap now so you'll think
about you thinking about me okay listen
I never done nobody girl feel like you
wanted to
I'm not showing you what's up sis pick
it out Christmas get you don't don't do
that
come on oh no I'm doing it to my mans
you got messed up noiseless I'm just
playing with you anyway eggnog the plan
please away no your dad what are you
talking about stay here tonight
no no no you eat me more merciless nah
nigga yeah we're not blood sisters okay
but you I look at you ask my sister on
Mike you see you think I'm cute you
don't even think nothing you don't
you're just so pretty look it's not like
your brain just thank you delicious that
qualities did waffles for you one of the
most volume clean are clean but okay wow
it's a drug thing you can see I think
those drastic
look you're not ugly you don't stink
even though you're not nothing but I
just look at you you know to ask family
man Chris is like my don't nobody got no
nobody got a knows my can you do this
no nobody got a no I've been feeding
you've been here for what I need again
in a way that you know it is so lonely
basket me okay because I want to look at
your lips to your mouth it look like you
know you know what you're doing look at
the lips I know what they can do we not
told nobody ice to do anything was gonna
be it's just look at you like no yes you
do no no I do be looking at you yes you
do be look at me this is you I don't be
because are you looking at me now cuz
I'm looking at you sweet oh my god I'm
like you are no nobody's baby drooling
over you
so it's true today you are pretty I love
you to death but say you're touching on
me so it's not like you trying to make
that touch so see just whatever reason
you can see through that with me no no I
am sleeping with you tonight I got to go
the gym and sleep with me for three days
straight
you know you're such - but today is
gonna be the night you know don't me -
no no I know I'm not gonna touch you you
don't touch me no so you don't I don't
why because it was really it wasn't like
if I wasn't married or in relationship
maybe but um you a Chris that's my bro
you know I'm saying since we can't do
that you know I'm saying it's it's not
right it just don't feel natural and it
just don't and then plus you know I got
my you know
I'm trying to you know be right right
now you know I'm saying you don't gotta
be no strings attached he ever I don't
know after I do it he's gonna be spring
it's gonna be strings yes I'm one of a
kind that made me win even more no oh
please don't want you even more of a
listen I'm one of a kind
and I know how you go I'm saying you
know you can do so I only get attached
was he one more or fee Nicole more and
you keep coming back every night is it
fair minutes there's no good whoop it's
so good that you don't and you get a
text what if it's so good you come back
one more what this so good that you
can't get off your modern life one of
the decks you don't know that that's why
he was gonna do stuff with people or you
just shouldn't do stuff with people that
you know you know I'm saying want to be
with because know what you hang I want
you to get down on your knees and do
what you do
no no wait wait I want you to do this no
I'm not eating I'm not even come on head
down thing I'm not eating dad no no we
can't not do it
my role is Chris and I love Chris and I
respect him I was pick y'all marriage is
done no no Mary to not watch out the
best for y'all I don't want to wreck
anything I want you do it so easy me and
you we can sleep in beds that we could
plan this all you got to do is just go
under the covers oh my god
don't nobody gotta be in here with us
yeah that's why you had to play know
that you must want to do it gnosis I
keep telling you no and you keep coming
up with scenarios of how we can do it
how we could sneak and do it and I don't
want to do it so why don't you want to
do it what are you
today I'm not good enough to eat I can't
imagine eating you oh girl you just
don't know so I'm not saying in a bad
way I'm pretty sure you everything is
good down there you know it's sad but
listen I don't look at you like that
you know I'm saying okay bye
I'll let you know no I don't want I
wanna thank you so much everybody in
this Hellfire I do is plenty bro nikka
this is the playful house no Jed I got
Jam good she really thought I want her
to eat me already did you really look in
your heart you know like it was that
look dad he's awesome oh no strings to
be attached dad get you good you got me
though you got me though you don't have
sad dad ring but listen I'll be doing
this don't do it again
you gonna fall for it again Thomas I'm
Chris my bro girl my bro would you talk
no this is not your bro that's my robe
cuz it's not so bro yeah I think I got
jabs real good put it in the freaking
comments like put team Queen and comment
I got jazz good a make sure y'all go
subscribe to my girl her link will be in
description for a big laugh TV I really
do want you to eat me oh man when I'm
not even like touching you am i doing
nothing to you just my man's Chris job
oh I'm just joking I'm just joking with
her I got her good yard this is a good
prank
let yo girl know team Queen in the
comments gotta go I'm sorry too thick I
just had ever been to a spring I love
you guys so much
