oh my god we are all on a plane the
other footage is on Chris McQueen
Channel when we were going through
hurricane Harvey a flood of stuff Hazama
y'all we've been literally upset
yesterday it's like 6:00 for the water
we leave in well it's 137 and we wanna
be so terrible I'm telling you the
footage is going through water trying to
push through because it's crazy out
there I get worse so we had to skedaddle
I had our back he got
y'all my fear so bad and look Chris give
me massage inside airport
because my dogs was hurting so bad we
had to start walking singing a massage
psycho I'm guessing it they stopped
using bathroom massage my feet but I
really need one of those and everybody
the wheelchair could be honest walking
on his leg
it hurt putting pressure on you Bry made
a new song called
Mack is playing back slam right sure
when you go into baggage claim
I'm ugly right now like a fever circle
Magnus claims legs they were during
we are the same yesterday yes you do so
right now I barely want to show my face
because um I just woke up from a nap and
I look treacherous right now I'm like
treacheries so I'm not gonna show my
face although my chain is hanging but
look just the update right now we are
CJ boy why would you do that don't call
them stop ain't no good job so you're
currently um alright I guess I'll show
it means I could see my good in my bad
but lord have mercy I just woke up and
just I look but currently we're at UM
the hotel we gon chill for a couple of
days you know recuperate from the storm
and trying to get through it cuz it was
real rough y'all it was real scary it
was a real scary experience but I'm
grateful I'm really grateful that guy
got us through it and that we were one
of one of one of the ones to make it out
if we look back on the news right now it
got WAY worse out there so if we would
have left any later we probably would
have been stuck stuck in it too because
it's literally flooding everywhere we
got out of we got out of Dallas too
because they're probably gonna do the
same thing as we were driving we've seen
hose it boy you don't know if we could
be naked talk about some open it Oh what
you want is an air bubbling okay
but yeah I'm sorry what you want don't I
look like a treacherous monkey look I
need some lace yeah yeah but it was
crazy on the highways we saying like big
trucks lined up because like it was not
what was that gonna be doing bro oh you
irritate my ectoderm stay whoa but yeah
we are all about someone to organize our
clothes real quick let me see it
straight yeah we bout to organize our
clothes I'm gonna hop in the shower get
cleaned up put on my makeup cuz right
now okay I think I still got makeup on
my eye Wow why is it so dark or bad cuz
I just look good I don't know but yeah
next time y'all see me in the camera I'm
about to be shopping makeup does wonders
but I just don't understand why my eye
so dark under here it never really
looked that dirt probably cuz I was so
tired I got crazy bags in my eyes oh
yeah so I just got out the shower and
Chris went to go play basketball with
bat a trainer Monday left me I was
supposed to be at the mall with them
right now but I was taking so long so
they had to meet up with some friends I
guess that they know out here somebody
do my makeup real quick and um I must do
my makeup real quick and I'll record a
little bit see all this job never well
y'all do see me come do my makeup before
but if this thing can stay up okay yeah
but uh I'm about to do my makeup real
quick but um I did my my eyebrows
already I feel the man who I look a
crusty dusty mess y'all let me tell
y'all my eyelashes used to be longer
than this I mean when I put on mascara
you can still see you can still see that
you know my lashes got a little link to
him but honey I think some things has
shortened up like they got they got
shorter so i'ma lay off the lashes for a
minute and then buy some stuff
minds grow uncle I start with right now
yeah I'm gonna lay off those lashes and
try to let mines grow I'm gonna go buy
some stuff too I hope my lash it my
natural accent grow out and I heard that
got the mascara that you can buy
actually um to grow my why are you
wearing the mascara I'm looking in the
mirror right now y'all but um I just
thank us so much y'all understand I
think God so much for goodness out of
that because how we would have went any
later we probably wouldn't have made it
I'm telling you oh we probably would not
have made it when we were the scary part
about it when we was going through um
trying to get to Dallas everybody was
saying that we didn't have a way out
that um all the freeways were flooded
but obviously they didn't know you know
that they still could have made it
through a lot of people are still stuck
because they was scared to go through
the freeways but honey we can push him
when I say we were on one side of the
freeway like going going this way and
then cars was coming this way well
actually cars wasn't cause that whole
side over there was flooded y'all and it
was getting over to our side where we
were driving and the water was building
up higher and higher y'all I'm telling
you and we just kept I was telling Chris
to turn around I mean it was cops I mean
yeah cop cars and regular cars coming
our way
while we were headed that like they were
coming at us but Chris just money
maneuvering around it because he was
like bump that we got to get out of here
I was claustrophobic I almost fainted in
the freaking car because I was just so
scared so nervous but I just
that just shows me that I I need to UM
increase my faith because obviously my
faith not fully there but I was just so
scared you're always so scared I need to
get rid of these bags I know I just woke
up but I'm gonna go to Macy's and see if
they got any
or something in exam to help me get
these bags from under my eyes because it
is so ugly but y'all just really thank
God like he really made a way they
remind me how he split the Red Sea for
the UM for his people to escape from um
Oh agent was it agent I don't know I
need to get my Bible morning that
definitely just make me more grateful
for life because it's I'm looking at the
news and there's people out there too
lost a homes I know somebody personally
beloved a home gets people out there
dying and I'm just really pray dad you
know everybody's safe but y'all I think
honestly I don't think that hurricane
fully did it I feel like I need some
more it is yeah I gotta go to Sephora
honey meant to get some more I honestly
feel like um that wasn't fully the the
hurricane I feel like I had to do
something
it has something to do with can y'all
see me good why CJ why are you crying
why are you crying I'm gonna go check on
them What's Wrong baby
what's wrong let me let me turn to him
y'all and then I'll get back to y'all
all right sorry I had a 10 to CJ as
y'all can see I already finished my
makeup because they probably would have
took me forever to talk on the camera
and then do my own and do my makeup at
the same time my PI would it took
forever you are not planning to go to
the mall because we literally only
bought one suitcase y'all one suitcase
full of stuff because when her can't
happen we wasn't even at home we were in
Missouri City for a week and we couldn't
go home because it was too flooded so
now I have to UM go to the mall and get
CJ like some more office or whatever and
we just got a basically just go as we
really just gotta go with it I don't
know we basically just got a shock as we
go you know what I mean like if we need
more we'll just shop for I don't know
how long we're gonna be out here but um
I'm actually about to unwrap my hair and
get CJ ready or whatever and Dan on my
head out to the mom probably gonna end
this vlog on in a few you know yeah I
hope to do you don't be able to finally
do some good videos while I'm finally
settled so I'm a promise that I'll try
to have you know some good videos coming
your way but it was real hard y'all so I
hope y'all understand I love all you
guys thank you for all your prayers cuz
I know y'all said y'all ran for me on
Instagram and snapchat your brothers did
work so I'm not to get my baby dressed
real quick cuz he dirty nice tank can't
have a funky child no more they're gonna
talk about you you already know so yeah
we bout to get on your knees streets see
Jade you just got the best baby you just
got out the bath did you like it you are
clean now this boy needs a haircut y'all
he need a lineup his hair had been in a
ponytail for the longest um I like I
brush his hair back but I don't like to
do that cuz I don't want to mess up his
hairline sometime his daddy to take him
take him to go get it online up but
he got a little cold because it was so
cold in the house at the other house and
I'm Houston what you watchin baby y'all
he literally watched it all the time
like all the time all he watches kids
kids playing with toys it's all you
watch but I haven't arrived my hair yet
but yeah um I want to go ahead and end
this vlog y'all and probably start a new
vlog at the mom and y'all probably see
that one tomorrow or later on today but
I just want to say bye Kenya that's
about it I hope you guys freaking
enjoyed this vlog alright um if you if
you I want to see some footage from when
we was travelin crazy footage it's gonna
be uploaded on a Chris and Queen channel
it's not Chris has a camera he has a
camera right now and that that footage
is on his camera so that's gonna be
uploaded soon but y'all can see what we
went through and what the heck I guess
it backfired
all right y'all I'm out love you guys
