right now what's our budget squash a
girl queen bee and right now we stay
here parked at the gas station y'all
know I look ratchet right now but we are
currently evacuating from Houston
because it was called to be a hurricane
baby say hi give mommy kiss me cuz it's
gonna be a hurricane y'all and y'all
know me and Chris just moved to Houston
about seven months ago
so we ain't never experienced nothing
like that we from Michigan so Michigan
never have like no natural disasters
like that so there's our mountain
serious so yeah we evacuate and off the
premises and yeah that's about it
y'all this is crazy we've been sitting
here looking we got janae over there she
want to roll up her window now y'all
weave into like we're supposed to be at
Dallas at team leave it for those at ten
and right now Chris want to stop it okay
you know what man I don't have eyelashes
no more my eyelashes are going on I'm
gonna have last year's man who needs a
mascara I don't have no lashes and I go
and I got my titties hanging out I'm not
too milk myself oh I got it right on
camera janae we sent you so much do what
see trying to have a party during a
hurricane so I'm just trying to figure
out why quiz I might say laying together
in a pink baby brother
it is hurricane Steve Harvey and um you
know everybody was scared at first but
now we just cooling it everybody just
chilling me in this Airbnb or whatever
and um we decided that we're getting
actually gonna go to Walmart buy some
floaties and I'm float around in the
ocean I'm eating the water when it hit I
mean if they do get high
but you can't buy okar floaties but
honestly I'm so sleepy I haven't really
gone my journey was a big booty no you
should have been in the car break always
I always talk about demarco
when you try to fake laughs so you end
up coughing you guys try to fall on the
ground act like what I said was so funny
the Marco probably pistol-whip engine a
booty Q just imagine it I need CJ you
like mommy's cow udders you want Milka
Milka milk my cow udders CJ's a blue
mommy
Oh mommy give me good oh my god
how would you like baby oh my god you so
ghetto why you eating a ghetto some more
from the stove now I'm about to make
some ghetto s'mores yeah let me show you
how to make it go some more all you got
to do is take two graham crackers right
no take the UM
what is the car I don't know marshmallow
and then put it on the oven let it burn
and it
hi I want to call you Teddy Graham you
like a little teddy grahams that's what
it's more CJ
it's the next morning y'all hi are mine
I just want out I just wanted to see his
face when he wake up
no you don't look may look better to
meet his wife nor am i but y'all like
his little jumpsuit oh okay all right
all right now yeah I didn't really flirt
so bad just a little bit I know a little
bit it's the morning time and God bless
says not to get not to get in a
hurricane it's the first thing y'all
want to do it's disappearing gamble and
roll dice especially you Chris fill up
their gambling
get ready
bow niggas type Ewing don't wearing
Compton shut up Ewing and company name
or Detroit see not about to argue not
about to argue hurricane Harvey is
currently still going on right now but
now we have a tornado warning like a
warning not a tornado watch what is a
tornado warning do you know what it's
weren√≠t a warning give girls now that
mean one is gonna come oh my gosh watch
my back
hold on hold on Oh y'all oh we really
thought that we were gonna be good today
right now this is how it currently looks
outside but y'all I really feel like I
don't know I'm scared it hit my one day
at my friend's house yesterday Oh y'all
we can't go to this man take cover big
window here this one everything you
scared
y'all we gotta go in a bedroom
look everything will be able to come in
here no they actually saw tornadoes
everything morning cuz I'd take cover
now
yeah we gotta go in the bathroom
yo where's my window it was better the
downstairs or we need to go lower where
it's lower that's why he'd want to bathe
me no not no garage
ya know we need to go somewhere with ya
I never been in north no tornado bro we
gotta go somewhere like in here look
like in here bro ladies got it hey y'all
why are we laughing about you know what
I'm gonna call you right back to Garrett
y'all we need to be somewhere to
bathroom F this fight is everybody going
alright hold on
let me go before my leg broke in oh look
what I found y'all look at this this
piece is so important this is the box
for peace what really oh yeah hey why
are you yelling at me where's CJ
okay we need to go take cover right now
oh snap my leg whoo we're yeah they need
to come in here - what's up you know we
all in this big old closet right now oh
my god bro I've never been in or tornado
just coming uh CJ Hey look we got Earl
and we got a big walk-in closet
come here baby CJ come sit down next to
my you come sit down next to mommy baby
the next moment they don't you staying
did you boo-boo you sir energy smell you
say my battery about to die and
everything right now
everybody in this one closet yeah we
should
good good if we hit what's our last word
which our last words bro
am i camp my battery about to die
everybody my camera about to die from
its trade oh yeah my camera about to die
from his tornado vine you better get
your butt in here
yah we should have brought some snacks
no don't say that
oby to get these chefs out of your job I
don't want anything maybe what's wrong
come here okay just watch oh hey you
never CJ come here baby
so what they do in a tornado drew oh no
everybody better do that
we had a good long whirling our minds
shut oh come on he planned his eulogy is
oh shut up I just want to thank God for
blessing me how I did Dan yeah I got my
nephew's cry you just know the last we
missing
that's right here he just he knows we
may spot the guy right now the name of
Jesus forgive me for my sins what bro
you gonna be out there you gonna be gone
with the wind
I'm not you ugly
