what's that word squat you ever meet a
couple to get back with another video
instead of backward in real and I'm here
and New York's weight and
in New York I'm headed to Brooklyn in
Brooklyn all my weights go work I got
the dad kept arm today from you move
swinging
yes so today is my
yeah Monday is a very special day so
that's a day where you get all you're
getting tonight is pretty these most
boring day will be Patti to hurt
clairebear Noveck looking real spicy
with the what the is that supreme Oh
what does what the palace you got the
supreme fit what take hold on where are
those hold on good oh they both got on a
museum finally I'm kind of jealous about
the same black one I got a zebra the
zebra ones at home so I got them waiting
for you what do you know what a night
long day in Houston Caramon treehouse
I think I'm gonna just get a new peridot
just so they look fresh get a spa but
I'm gonna I'm get a new pair but yeah
you're not come to get them I didn't
want them stealing cow but I'm a Munich
pain but um because that obviously hurts
oh come on listen I grew up in a small
town where everybody trying to make it
hard time no food in the refrigerator
lights out sweeping down in somebody's
basement
I gotta make it no daddy in my life
never even saw a picture of this person
I know that it was probably meant to be
this way cause I'd rather be here with
America in the foreign song with no we
in the stool with it in this fool you
better take a listen to what I recorded
um a couple days ago
put some production on it I'm not
showing you guys because it's a surprise
he really enjoyed a pizza you're really
enjoying that why are you enjoying it so
much I mean did you had a munchies they
creating a bit for me put over there
real treat
Patty's will
patty eats well
we just we just really like head to your
bison guy head Church you go show which
is I've had he was good to you
head back home by Khalid now I'm about
to go to dinner I don't know where we go
in what you love the way your room
catback on my sleeve now my belief but
to go no no Cameron say hey this is one
this is the beat maker this is the beat
heat until you you drop that beat so
good we got look at what does that sound
like is that like oh yeah oh yeah boy
laughs in New York in New York
me and my be stopped but that's the
Hollywood let me down I never thought
I'd get us all spending my nights
pouring gas fire
but I ever make it in the studio
late at night no sleep from my son with
me then I you know my basic C I put in
work then I sit and wait patiently and
nothing is the only thing saving me I
know
we know
you know the struggle is real tryna get
rich Appa so now we are going to eat
just to elevator y'all clear look up
look up Wallace 18 finally back in
studio we could record in here like I
couldn't even record my meal but be back
with it now it's time to zoom in on
clear cuz I'll have enough notes ready
to do this here you go
he wet the list again Oh Oh spicy up
your turn Patti you gotta do it Oh Patti
wait you got a mama kids walk down I had
in mind
and I'm probably about to go like
curling my hair because I'm tired of it
being straight so I'm not to go wet my
well imma get a shower wet my hair and
then like put the curly stuff in it some
this cream in nature - here I'm gonna
defuse my hair and put it up in a bun
because I kind of miss this curly but I
had I kind of want to be different
tomorrow
got a meeting so I just want look pretty
- no the almond breaking out like
actually this is from the last breakout
and it's still here also right here - I
don't know what's going on my face
maybe it's New York not sure but um oh
he has a name now his name is Cameron
his name is Cameron say hi Cameron you
you can't replace CJ though but you just
you know I'm saying you my
second-favorite okay I gotta get these
note taking off cuz they hurt so
freaking bad every time I like hit
something hit this nail forget something
it feel like somebody's stabbing me my
finger I'm not I want to finally in this
long case I got caught off guard
oh excuse me I got caught off guard my
date is vlog now
you
