right now
good boy she's quiet she girl queen be
in the cut once again back with another
video as you guys know by the title I am
going to be doing this for time about
when I found out I was pregnant with cjr
this was high requested by so many
people so I just tell you why not do it
right now it was like 3:18 in the
morning y'all so if my voice go out it's
because I got a creepy voice on geez
just I'm trying to stay up so yeah I'm
out to get right into the story so oh
this was a lot so it was June or July
I'm not sure June and July 2014 right
and Chris was I think finishing up his
sophomore year in college I meant blamin
to go to the same College as Chris not
only because I want to be where he was
but I was planning to go because it was
a really good school and it was
obviously the only school does accepted
me at the time I had already got
accepted in everything so my mom was
about to throw me to open house and
everything the crazy thing is me and
Chris were actually broken up at the
time when I found that I was pregnant we
already had no contact with each other
at all like none yeah we had no contact
with each other at all we text each
other we called each other the only
times that we had was seeing each other
at church we didn't even speak thing
like you know it's bad when you in
church and you can't speak I can't
remember why we're broken up at the time
but it was like it had been a month
at least this we were broken up but of
course y'all know before then you know
the Munich Chris was doing the besties I
guess you know during the time that
we're broken up I had realized that I
was coming on my period and I had missed
it in like I didn't think too much about
it
I was just obviously like okay well I
didn't come on I'm gonna just wait I'm
just wait till it happens whatever
because I thought that maybe I was just
stressed out from the break-up and
sometimes your period can actually delay
itself if you are stressed out so that's
what I was thinking Kenny not to mention
this has happened to me before so I
really didn't think nothing of it you
know and I have pregnancy scares before
with Chris and I never was pregnant like
it just always at negative so I don't
think I'll be pregnant you know so time
went by and you know I still hadn't came
on my period and so I got scared but I
didn't tell my mom at the time I want to
take a pregnancy test on my own just
just see if I was a nun so I was talking
to my team which is my my uncle's wife
my I see my marriage and you know I'm
talking to we're thinking telling her
that I thought I might be pregnant
and so I ate slimy pregnancy test you
know I'm saying cuz I don't love to
throw get one she came and gave me
Rancic tests or whatever and I took it
and it's a negative so I didn't think
anything of it I was like okay well I'm
not talking pregnant I guess I'll just
you know just wait till my period
started so more time went by and I was
at home one night and I was just talking
me and my mom was actually on the cops
talking about kids and it wasn't like so
ironic that we were talking about kids
at the time so
like hey why not bring that to my mom
right now why not bring it to her
attention because we were talking about
like um I heard happy rent kids and like
who who who we thought was gonna be
pregnant first out of me and my siblings
so of course you know if it was gonna be
me cuz I'm the oldest but we were
talking about that so I was like hey why
not bring it up so I told my mom that
night I was like a you know my I started
my period whatever but you know it may
not be that I'm pregnant it's probably
just because I'm stressed out I told her
that cuz I didn't want to scare but at
the same time I was like throwing it off
your leg you know making sure that I
told her something just so she could
have a hint in her head just in case if
I was pregnant so my mama went from 0 to
10 y'all I'm telling she went from 0 to
10 because the thought of me being
pregnant before going to college and
like she just thought was gonna mess up
my life like she just thought that you
know it was nothing but a big a big
distraction and at the time she she knew
me and Chris was broken up but even
before then when we work together and
see of each other she didn't like the
fact that we were together at the time
and trying to be together so young
because she felt like I wasn't focusing
on myself and what the SubPop suppose
he's focused on she felt like he was a
distraction to me he took off my
attention and she wanted me to focus on
like going to school or you know stuff
like that
first when I told her that the first
thing that popped up in her mind was
like okay will you pregnant and I'm like
no no not mom calm down it may not be
that I'm pregnant it may just be the out
stressed out you know because of course
man Chris was broken up and she was like
no well we need to make sure no way well
honestly I already took a pregnancy test
and it's
negative we were going back and forth or
whatever and she was like no I mean when
we get up in the morning we're going to
the clinics and make sure you're not
pregnant I was like okay so I didn't
think that's enough you know I can went
to sleep because usually when my mom
would say stuff it's like honestly you
know that's about okay but my mom would
say stuff and forget about it and that
was like the funny thing because you
know how like you mean your parents say
you're gonna get in trouble or something
like that and then when I get home and
forget about it
so I was just like Archie once again but
I promise you when I opened my eyes this
woman was standing over me brushing her
teeth and she was like come on get up
grab another clinic this one who was not
playing on game she wanted to know so I
get up I got confidence right you know
it's cool I have pregnancy scares before
I'm not crazy not on that so we get to
the doctors and stuff and I take a
pregnancy test
and I'm just sitting there and she and
you're waiting you know how somebody
somebody just like nervous or mad she
was gonna fight her her leg was just
like moving the whole time it was just
shaking and we were waiting on the
results so doctoring I came back and
after I took the test and he was like
what was his words these were his exact
words y'all said so your year was clear
and I was like good you know so I'm not
pregnant
long as I thought that you know it was
good news he came in as with but the
pregnancy test was positive so I'm just
sitting here looking like oh my god and
my mama just looking at me like shaking
her hand like you had missed you I
slipped under that you was planning to
go to college and now look at you now we
got to plan a baby shower instead of an
open house and I'm just like oh my god
like I'm shocked like I can't even say
nothing at this point because I'm 18 I
just got out of high school and never
what I imagine myself having a baby
this young I was a little person I would
always go out with friends and you know
I just didn't imagine myself being a mom
so young and pleasant me and Chris were
broken up and I didn't know if we were
getting back together and I thought I
was thinking all this stuff like oh my
god I'm gonna be a single parent like I
don't know if I can do this at that
moment I was thinking about like Oh what
can I do like can't take a pill and can
the baby go away I was thinking about
all this stuff you ought to get
unpregnant but it was too late it was
already done so you know my mama was
pissed off but she didn't blow up at me
because obviously the night before that
was the time she blew up at me but she
wasn't showing it I knew she was pissed
off but she wasn't showing so we got
home in my little army for my little
sister and brother we were sitting on a
couch all together and my mama told him
and they was happy and hey like that
wasn't happy you know I always have to
have a niece or nephew my sister and
mother will fight on oh I want a girl
not want a boy it was by going back and
forth and I'm I was just sitting here
quiet and I was just sitting here crying
so honestly y'all I didn't tell Chris
that I was pregnant until two weeks
after I found out because you know it
was I'm not gonna go into that but you
know there was stuff it was me like I
was going back and forth about you know
telling him
stuff like that which and he should have
been the first person I told
I admit that but but I waited or
whatever I waited until two weeks and um
I think I'm blocked him
yeah I'm blocked him from Facebook I
think I had him block and I message and
I was like eh and it was like yeah I was
like um I'm pregnant
like we'd like to have a baby and I was
like I know we're broken up and stuff
like that so we don't have to talk about
you know how we gonna do things and you
know like I was gonna care for the baby
you know without being hateful towards
each other because you don't need Chris
was a little bit bitter towards each
other during that break up even though
he wasn't talking he was still you know
just not friendly to each other at all
so um he was like okay and I was like
thinking to myself like okay that's all
you got like that's like saying like I
said how do you feel and he was right he
was like honestly I kind of knew it and
it's just crazy because I don't know
what like if we haven't been talking for
that long on my house like how could you
know he was like honestly I knew it was
gonna happen I was like okay so he was
actually not a lot about it you know me
because actually we have started you
know just conversating more about the
baby about the doctor's appointments and
stuff like that but we wasn't talking
about the invest together at that time
actually my mom increased wasn't on good
terms
I was talking to my mom a lot in over
the time I was like you know I think
that since me and Chris don't have a
baby I feel like y'all really need to
talk you know like you guys really
really really need to talk because if
you gonna be his grandma increases his
dad it's like y'all have to
you know come to some kind of cordial
agreement or something so she ended up
calling him and she was like you know
she thought she was the first one to
tell Chris that I was pregnant but she
wasn't I was the first one to tell him
and he already knew this but she was she
called me just like you know you gonna
be a dead and it's an egg and at the
time we was so sure that I was having a
girl so I remember it's in you gonna
have a daughter you know this and they
basically amended you know back that
relationship and got back on good
cordial turn it was so shocking because
even though me and Chris was broken up
what Chris is talking to my mom on the
phone he was basically telling her like
you know I don't want Queenan just be a
baby my mother I wanted to be my wife
like I want to make this right because
y'all in reality we was going to church
we knew right from wrong we knew we
would fornicate him we knew that we was
having a baby out of wedlock and like it
just wasn't a good look but to be going
to church and having a baby but not
married it just didn't look right so you
know my mom was like okay just you know
take it slow because she really did not
want us to get married that young either
but as I me and Chris at the time we
were old enough to make our own
decisions and stuff like that so you
know that happened anyway and we didn't
end up having a baby out of wedlock but
I'm seeing a baby CJ we didn't end up
having CJ out of wedlock but I was just
like so shocked at like during the time
I was broken up he was saying that he
wants to marry me I was like where does
come from you know but I guess you just
want to make things right in in mend you
know our relationship back and you want
to be a family and I want to be a family
too you know we have hard times after
that we have both sides of our family to
be there for us but we have hard times
as far as coming up and it was hard for
me to adjust from being you know a high
school girl to being a married woman
like a mom all this stuff so after my
feels like in enduring my breakup I was
stressed out and I was just so worried
about you know like what's not gonna be
a good mom or not and stuff like that
but honestly it wasn't as hard as I
thought and you know God God kept us the
whole way like we never wanted for
anything like CJ never needed for
anything because God always made a way
where even when we were struggling you
know he will bless us he would use
people to bless us
I had this to tell you like if if if
anybody's to have the same issue out
there if you pregnant
or you find Ava's pregnant and you feel
like you come young and you feel like
you can't do it I just want to say that
you can do it wasn't you single or not
regardless of what terms you own with
the baby's father you know it's gonna be
okay I got you it's gonna be all
testimony so I just wanted to tell you
guys the story time and I hope you guys
enjoyed it if y'all want to know more
about the breakup I can think about how
that happened and do a story time when
that is will but yeah that was pretty
much it so I hope you guys enjoy the
story time and I love you all I'm about
to take my butt's asleep and yeah that's
about it so I will see y'all in the next
vlog for the next video but before I
take my bus to sleep y'all I wanted to
do a shout out for a new upcoming you do
couple everybody loves YouTube couples
because I mean everybody loves love you
know I'm saying but um they are actually
from the Middle East I thought they were
African at first but they're from turkey
Turkey that's crazy right the husband
thing is mu shooed I believe in the
white things kick a little more kick
alone so they also speak English and
they also speak I don't know what they
speak another language I don't know but
they do like challenges love pranks all
that make sure y'all go check them out
they're pretty nice and fun and
different you know different to look at
different cultures and stuff like that
and how they
stuff and they also have a child
together too so make sure you guys go
subscribe is in the link will be in the
description go check their page out is
will and that's about it
I love you guys and I must take my much
this week good night
you
