right now you're not on this vin gris
what up boy be squatting figure out
clean because let's again back with
another video I just want to tell you
guys today how to get your quest to
notice you whether you are high school
girl middle school college it don't
matter we just got caught on with me and
you got to go down but yeah when they
were high school middle school whatever
wherever you are you want to crush the
notice you I mean duh like who doesn't
want their quest to notice been I was in
high school and I had a couple questions
and I got them to notice me
some tell you guys the way I got my
questions to notice me and hopefully
it'll work for y'all too
oh maybe I should put that behind my ear
hopefully to work y'all soon but I think
I got my side stick y'all and I wrote
him down my fall so i'ma tell y'all five
tips to get your crush to notice you
okay
the very first tip number one is make
sure you pop in okay make sure you
bother when you come to school make sure
your makeup is on point or if you don't
wear makeup make sure your skin is on
point
make sure you pop it okay make sure your
clothes are fit in night makes you look
good make sure hair not all dirty and
you know nasty make sure your hair look
good make sure you pop in period make
sure your breath smell good
make sure your people white and not
yellow and buttery like some popcorn um
this is really keen on minors but come
on gladly do they need to be good sorry
oh oh yeah I got that make sure you pop
a light first off you will never never
get your question of you if you just
make yourself look butt ugly and there's
there ways to make yourself you know
stand out and pop always is you know
keep yourself up nice and clean and just
be smelling good you know so when you
walk past if you have to walk past them
you book that for me
he could smell that beautiful beautiful
beautiful aroma coming from you Bonet
take a double look a double take and be
like oh my god I think I got my eyes on
her yeah so make sure you pop in always
okay that's the number one number two
number two look you got to get noticed
without being surtsey okay you got it
you can't be thirsty because honestly
guys may act like they're like thirsty
girls but they really don't they like
girls who are a challenge and you know
we're quiet more so quiet I'm not saying
you know be like a squeaky mouse and
don't talk at all but you know just
don't be the one that's all up in a
phase because you won't let starts to be
in NYTimes got a teeny I'll fling you
out the way like okay where's the next
girl and YouTube thirsty get a box you
love this place you know don't be
thirsty you feel me because you've got
to make sure you appear in the series if
you give a guy everything about you like
right there in his face he I don't have
nothing to find out about you so the
more quiet you are the more mysterious
you are and guys like challenge alert to
know that the girl got a big mouth and
they around here you know just slaton it
around in everybody's face they'll be
around you're just looking thirsty okay
don't do that okay if you're not going
to get your crush like that I promise
you like I said being noticed without
being noticed if that makes sense okay
but if you really desperate like
desperate desperate and you really want
them to find out you know ahead of time
you know just be smart you know and make
sure you tell somebody just a big big
mouth like it's always somebody high
school with a big mouth so you just got
to make sure you fill that girl than a
guy that has a big mouth for example if
I told a Lala I'm just making up a name
by told la la la la la I like this guy
with Yodle say nothing and you know they
gonna say something make sure you tell
them because they gonna be like exhaling
you know a queen says she likes you and
then you have to play
it all be on and be like oh my God why
would you say that oh my god but a
reality you'd be like an insider
blushing like oh my god like she just
you know he knows now that I like them
so yeah make sure you tell that one
person with a big old filthy mouth and
you go sighs you won't find somebody in
school with a big mouth just on top of
the business that you don't want people
but whatever you want them and I was
going to pray for the big mouth it's
okay to do that sometimes number four
I've skip number three years I was
helping my new big mouth but you know
it's okay to flirt but I think the best
way to flirt is to flirt with your eyes
you know like you know like looking at
like but anyway yes flirt which is my
fave you guys had a class together um
you know just gave that I'm just like
stare at I'm right but make sure when
you starin at and he not looking you
don't want to look like a creep like
just a another one you know slide and
stuff make sure he's not looking there
and him long enough for him to get a
little glimpse of you like if he
happened to look at you like give um I
started looking and look away like you
know like look away take a look at him
then look away so then he know you know
that you were looking at him but you
didn't want him to know that she was
looking at him you get it like so he
have idea in his head like August your
must be feeling me you know how to get
them to notice you gotta get to notice
you without really being too out there
about it so flirt with show eyes you
don't always go to like a baby look sexy
today you could just look at him like
like I felt like that you know and get
him a little smile you know make sure yo
teases burst though because if you give
them a smile your teeth all buttery
crispy and yellow then it will just turn
in here right away it's not a good look
you definitely won't get
away number five I know this sounds so
crazy but sometimes you've got to be an
undercover stalker yo you've got to do
your research like you need to find out
where it is do be it like you can just
find out if you be at the football games
the match ball games the volleyball
games you need to find out where he beat
it
why so you can be there soon why so he
can notice you because if you're not
there and his present of course he's not
going to notice you so you know that you
know oh do go to the basketball games
you know at the school show you all some
up right at the basketball game touch up
on your makeup and all that stuff and
you know we looking all pop in and go
find you a seat right next to them in
just sit there and be quiet act like you
don't really care about it and just text
on your phone and stuff like that even
if you're not watching the basketball
game for example like you aren't one
just get up and cheer for a little bit
like oh my god yeah yeah yay
you don't be doing a cute way so you'll
be like mmm she likes basketball you
know find out what you like and act like
you like it too you know just so he can
notice you more yes you've got to
definitely start sometimes look I'm
gonna give you a little short little
story time one time it was a guy in
school that I really really really liked
it was so crazy like he was kind of a
bad boy so I guess you know when I would
leave to get on the bus I would see him
stay back in detention a lot and the way
the detention class was set up it was
like glass window so you can see that he
was in there he was in there a lot and
I'm like man this boy must be really
like doing bad stuff a class but guess
what tween did boom y'all gonna think
I'm crazy
one day I purposely got a detention just
to see if he were being there and guess
what
sure enough shares my name is Queen he
was in there and all he was in there at
detention and I know y'all may think
like all that girl is crazy like you
don't love it too much but sometimes you
gotta do what you gotta do to get him to
notice you and guess what
from then on he noticed me and we have a
little conversation I mean of course
wouldn't end up dating or nothing like
that but I got him so you know tell me I
was cute and all that stuff and I was
excited
and you know because sometimes it just
make you feel good to know that the
person that you like
thank you cute so you know sometimes you
got a stock a little bit it's okay but
just don't be too much of a stalker you
gotta be an undercover stalker remember
keyword undercover so like I said make
sure you pop in don't be thirsty flirt
with your eyes and the undercover
stalker okay you got to make sure you do
all your research because I'm telling
you these girls we can be undercover
investigators on you undercover
investigator okay but let me just tell
you all this if none of these tips work
for you move on to the next if you know
that you don't like you and you don't
notice you don't keep trying because
it's gonna make you look stupid and make
you look thirsty and desperate you know
it's okay to give it a try you know for
once but if the try don't work don't
keep doing it because you just gonna be
out here making yourself look stupid and
you don't want to do that is plenty of
fish in the sea twig our guys consider
fish to consider dogs I don't know but
it's plenty of men out here you know
it's plenty of cute guys but if you
don't have to get that one guy to like
you I mean hey it happened next time
with somebody maybe even cuter so I hope
you guys enjoy all my tips on how to get
your Chris to notice you and if you guys
want some more videos like this or if
you have any ideas about anything goes
you want me to give you tips on make
sure you put in the comments okay I'm
sorry if I was a look I'm starting with
a little wretched but um every night
things got to get ready cheat and then
plus I'm just gonna hide for move I just
really wish this right here we're just
following God I think I'm thinking about
cutting it because it's just
this is their it needs to go away
but look like I said I'm going to take
my with the day wipe off all this makeup
stopped I look cute for the camera and
yeah that's about it so I love you guys
so much thank you guys so much for books
grow bigger love you guys I'm almost at
500 I'll put a pin I'm almost 30 and I
just thank all of y'all for then I just
cannot wait to resync go so make sure
you give a thumbs up if you liked this
video and yeah if you haven't subscribed
already subscribe ok let me go
