right now you are now told it being
Christie what does that require you're
clearly better cook let's get with an
essay I got my girl Kelly we go ahead
and do in trouble copy what's good what
it is a what we are finally collabing
this is a highly requested we did a
video on her channel make sure you guys
go check that out because the links will
be in the description so today we're
going to talk about something that was
actually a lot of people brought this up
and I never did a video about it
something like now's the time cuz you're
not acting by two months Ã©tude is
anyone in here we're going to do how to
deal with a breakup young to every store
all the other girls men do break up
before I do if it's not a breakup and
it's just like maybe you were talking to
somebody
yeah unless you're done but y'all never
was i boys and girlfriend but basic yeah
Robert design you can because it's white
with garden stuff to boyfriend your
everyday must will be even if it's been
like six seven months and then that just
ended that be like yeah our Gracie way
because you possibly have something with
you know that person so we're going to
touch on a lot of subjects of how to
deal with the break-up you better to
deliver
um I think I would start side because I
mean I pull back there's a lot of people
do it differently my god oh my buddy to
resort to like so far like suicide but
yeah that so like if you're like one of
those people I would definitely
recommend for god yeah because I'm solid
I go to church and like if I was coming
down I'm like let me just go to church
because it's just so much like
positivity it's almost there got to
dispute yeah and then we
pray about industry so is so much better
so it layers that deep into somebody
no you kids know you and maybe got the
difference away for a reason because I
he and Joseph got he'll want to be too
into somebody make and then you realize
that you put in efforts and over him I
would say you know a lot of girls let
they so go after a breakup because they
feel like you know on that sesame and
and they just feel beautiful and stuff
like that and they just want to let they
so go with Christ in a house I would say
no get up get put your makeup on go
shopping do whatever you need to do and
after is the time to blow up when it
goes up for because I used to be down to
guys like dating like you know liking
you a lot honestly you like you could
see what you need is rest
so not even be thinking that you haven't
always like you just got a son gotta
make it better go back is hello sorry
off but yet so like that's your time to
spent so then when you're looking at you
you just like man I left it in that's
why I step out left yeah that's
definitely just time to blow up and go
out y'all which are here alright know
how you don't see it is I feel like if
you buy yourself and you're lonely all
the time
definition is you know that's all you
need in about yeah so yeah so got my
friends find something key gentle axis
around this time around the breakup you
know you need your girls you really need
yogurt that's why when girls new life
I'm have girlfriends I'm like graduate
at my house yes I finally one girl
pregnant is your girl please your mom is
gonna hit or your sister but another
thing is sometimes your family is not a
good thing to do but I
and because we've gotta jump team back
together or something and they'll never
forgive them you don't say never before
you see that one girlfriend or like look
at her and make sure it's a real and
because friends bohemian yeah if you
hang on your relationship they may be
happy maybe PLU being a dance - so
you're just going to make sure it's a
right girlfriend but Joe girls the day -
right ones they don't keep you lifted up
and like they don't keep you laughing
when you want to cry so that's the best
time to have your girl's awesome take
selfies I just really take it they go
yes hey selfies and post them whatever
you want on a nigga don't see it because
graduate son tweet yes sub sweet n dress
catch we post that first picture to make
sure that actually is spending on my did
you know what a lot of X's out there
that broke over me and I know you all
some y'all probably watching a lot of
them still was in my DNA and current ham
sorry you should you should've treated
me right when you add me sorry well
another thing I was involved you got
anything else before every month I would
say don't be weak now even though you
might cry at home you know get all that
out and good to cry and you know release
all of that but don't eat week up stand
towards him some you an exact same him
to break up with you right doing both
new dirty and then he texts you like a
couple days later don't think I'm quite
available so available and quick to
respond
yeah wait super game like obviously some
people break up they get back together
like cool but don't let me know what it
is like o or her whatever I yeah you
heard but just let them know what it is
like you can't be hit quick to happen
let it be known that wizard without you
I can be straight right because a lot of
them think Oh without a lot of men think
oh not me she she ain't nothing you know
that would out here
letting on let it be noticed I had an
old you can be blocked yup and be delete
and if you are so available soon as a
soon as they connect they fingers is
like right inundating oh no oh I get a
magnet I'm on what I can put again what
does not make supposedly but do it word
no one side country off of my side
yeah you ain't you can't don't feel the
rest you can't accept everything and
y'all are saying that you know don't
ever you know forgive and accept your
man back in the hospital
yes I mean there's there's times where
like if you really really really like
you know you really feel like okay and
let me get us do another chance he on
his knees crying that I in though I feel
it is okay to give you no second chances
can I give a second chances yeah but we
have expand on Julia so quick yeah it
was so quick if he don't text you after
he don't broke your heart or did
something yeah note that don't have
weeks to jump up like oh my god me touch
me like or not and look don't text him
I'm talking about like even if you don't
say don't be trying to take him like um
I hate to do this to me you broke my
heart that again won't do that you can
be like Gina encounters and you know
what I've been doing because I've had
guys who you know we're with me and then
now they got a girl now or whatever and
he out have a life but I say
congratulations I guess that's cool
congrats to you because at the end of
the day God got me red-hot my tooth and
go ahead somebody wait a minute in this
area to admit for you so be humble be in
and don't be one of those like which
ex-girlfriends like were you trying to
birthday enjoy one yeah wait wait trying
to everything to destroy their life like
I don't do that you know I feel like the
best revenge is a glow up and a come up
don't try and look for you yeah like
that's another year don't also see an
entire replace your sellers with that
name
it's your brain on it that's how you
don't mess up in the new end up giving
your body students and anybody hurt and
crying anything more to come here where
when you got broken up wait don't just
jump right to the next man um you're not
saying it if you are take it really slow
and keep it a distance give it some time
and also find find stuff out about you
that you never knew simple times is a
time for use for yourself to fall in
love with yourself because if you don't
love yourself
Lincoln analyst and nobody else do we so
it's like you can't be trying to replace
that void with the person you might have
figured out what you love about you
which you like to do what you're
passionate and then when we come along
you're so strong my name J and K nothing
knocking down listen it's a man gift
with you right and he seated - don't
fool of yourself
she also likes your weak person and it's
okay to step all over you but if he
knows you really love yourself and you
strong-minded and you're here so here
about himself even though all of us have
insecurities don't show him because
that's one the what the ball is going to
roll right into his court like are you
insecure about this you know I got this
I got this power and you don't let them
have our power of you like that because
they won't protect you in wrong with it
I put my dog like dogs like weak women
but a real man Lexus from one of you are
really able want you to be secure about
yourself a real man would you know what
if the you strong-minded but a weak man
he don't want you to have that power in
you don't say how much they make more
money than you want you to be under him
and if it loves you under him everything
is fine but as soon as you try to rise
up you do everything to knock you down
knock yourself a seam down and stuff
like that I'll make sure you know when
you're crying over person I broke up
with you think about the good and bad
key without waiting wood and it's a bad
outweighs a good you know the Tunisian
many much and so you're going to find
yeah you gonna find better can't
remember you know if you young we got we
got all the common it will make this
advice myself we got all the time in the
world I only tell y'all from fights and
disappointments counts
yes okay yeah I've caught some listen up
talk to somebody high school rates and
um he act like he's really liked me so
much and I in advertise I was going to
fill him but I gave him listen today
finally and once I did I actually
started liking him I got people running
up to me some of them he talks with
other girls talk to other girls next
thing you know means if girls talking
that all youth does it to me too
my niggas really be playing you out here
like I sound like you really have you
really have to what output don't let's
break up break you yeah don't let it
break you remember we were before you
will be home with effort again you were
still somebody you still be somebody
with problem okay this one we're going
to be ready to go sick
recover these let me cook just a brief
summary make sure you keep yourself
occupied go out with showgirls
hey selfies guns on your leg you will
meet um don't text him make sure you
don't mix them till call them
don't be so available kid oh right
you'll eat and block don't be available
so quickly and it's okay for second
chances but you gotta wait you guys I'm
going to do that wait a minute you have
to wait go right in with our but there's
the offensive ever oh we forgot about
that
I'll put up what you did
make sure you you pray and find out
souls and God and not another man
anybody if y'all think of anything else
and talk like we missed
make sure you put it down the comments
and yeah that's about it make sure you
go subscribe to my baby Kelly's wake and
I understand and let us know what other
videos who would like to see how to do
together again so this all of that stay
and we ask
