Monsanto Mitch's extra black money good
like imagine like yo niggas the same
cool it don't get your letter
hey her necklace ain't that just like
right now you're not on this big risk
what's that weapon slap y'all clean be
back into custody with my girls today we
are going to do a hygiene 101 just in
case yo for the things that I was
playing this but what I was in second oh
this guy fell cootie yolk anything okay
thanks kitty cookie twice a month
talking about tuna fish my mother come
up with a new name for it
oh I got 100 mg can we do this please
Pat do cool off cooler mom put a wall
like a monkey and a quarter cool Dakota
Montuna momma cats are you earth your
body White House would you get good
again yes we can bear King American held
on this no I got hold hold hold your
whole yeah your whole thing yeah but we
are suppose we not discover in your
whole we're going to have everyone pick
we're going over anything on a woman day
rest you guys are met for day they smell
for yes so we all that job goes today
all you young girls to your fans the
girls of color no they just started a
period or you know senior high school
every son you don't want to be smelling
50 you monkey other school okay look I
get so cushy let's get on the same now
okay we don't have to part Center check
so first thing that you that you got
look at he was doing right is going and
looking good your role is coming from
your mouth has to be like a is like an
ocean is you know what
if that song is hot in America you do
walk the other way
so what do what do we do to keep our our
mouth work they'll do it you so call
gate brought me what should I think
about it giggles birthday peeping a
warning after that a bright pink rat so
you get our three little things little
yeah that's a put on your phone anybody
else yeah now all the water are the
little sprite that they taught you and
Gunnar always make you learn over
because it go out yeah whoa
but Randolph you guys leave I chew it
and what's the flavor spit out don't ya
something here
I thought I seem to keep some peppermint
some Listerine little fella get it do
they do the best happened to you this a
little listen reminds me of a plenty of
smelling of roses no that's not your bad
breath losses too because the meat you
know you eat chicken you eat chicken
well you're not going to work two things
should you try to use oh yeah you've
been so good but but but you got upset
you having some block with you just in
case you out you can't squirt the water
you can't but it is so you got lost
because I don't beat in essence chicken
a BLT food you're saying you're going to
get my thing for real and you can do
literally coconut water tonight but I'm
gonna let me have this melon bread with
butter receipt - yeah thanks clean at
you and if you can't afford it looks
that I did it and you can't afford to
get a lightning kick you baking soda
yeah biggis already know you can prep
receive every day with their like yet no
no
and again CIA takes that 'nevelocity you
gotta do like you might do it like every
like maybe twice implies the best
I suppose my seems like every day for a
week totally and as I've been with it -
don't look like nothing and just move it
here in Missouri
another thing did a god will get I'm
really happy feeling when they were
hairs all under here hair is all up here
yes Oh Andy that's only but it's only if
you got a big you know you kind of be
like oh y'all work is you know I believe
pretty girls now have I wanted to hear
picking up those the older women I
promise it be some girls y'all
understand I we all got nothing dragged
on one I got a mess dad just to be able
to see right yes we all got long legs
right now I want to take mine no you
want to say this is really noticeable
and it was going to be grown back
pictures snowed oh another thing oh yeah
I never would over it yeah I got living
hair removal hop on toll eniola really
do do tomorrow I really did I got no
more why are you looking at so no hair
deep over here oh okay after like
another thing y'all babe you like
alright baby mouse come here come here
say we have the movie rights and I'm
lean on you in it oh my god I'm glad to
live with you while you watch a movie
without cookie if I look is encrusted
dirt a video years in your way
laughter good one Donna - we know you're
brown you're like all of me out here
let's get hot so you got to make sure
you bring some you know or all no not
into debt
oh you know another one is when people
who like the outs like ill na watch they
phase and you still have a matter of
supination yeah watch the face this
morning like if you had a little boy
when they Scout they like I love you or
like comes in slide shows all of these
think that is a turn all the area next
we're gonna say food because we got
boogers meal yes you don't go like but
just basically ladies before you can
walk on the house look at Short deck
we don't always check your nose check
your eyes check your breath take your
seats
check your bastard all it and if you
wear makeup make sure your face color
message your neck color I mean you just
love your dresses look they hope is the
or can it just be yellow like no that's
not a very dark skin or they brought me
they have some real real light makeup on
yet and I don't advise on a base a face
but air by aged only to be big yeah look
it's not it's not I hate we all make up
see looking cute we do got these big-ass
white things on y'all like small room
right well not telling it would be like
baking with baby powder but when they
take your picture it
what you start yes Joseph I don't know I
just got a baby so sagar let me borrow
out to play if you'd better like what
it's better than bigoted dollars
the baby thought is better than big
another wait yes you can support me I
never use it
you know I never been another no but
I'll try it but don't use it all we did
was we should do a cheap substitute
makeup tutorial like some students of
Yuta we don't be okay sorry they get
make sure your face cover met your neck
color well okay so we don't debate the
oh yeah it's time to walk our way down
to the next to the body
yeah the orb is no I need to make a
smell like this may I
they used to be real black ever Arkansas
must be that holler I'm working on the
message the color they supposed to be
oh this speaking today you can bleach
your rv's in your blue hole in your life
it is black in here you can reach it you
might as well it what's a weird movie
the goal there be no oh mama you can go
to a place in and reach in and get
writer I worked in the same day included
you know like how you got a darkness in
Phoenix because you see me oh guys but
because well no I'm driving a Robert yes
our first work yeah Burkhardt I'm dark
earlier it is not my first mark well
watch this are dancing on my thighs rub
together it is dislike but you want to
get over
here today's busting you want know our
other well we do know together we should
have been yes
oh we can argue you know yet make they
say to make sure it's no Chris and if
you get a little like you out of here
you know under most other judges it's
gonna be like bar they'll do all right
one okay right I opened up prey on your
friends order sir and go there good and
then I see I know some women may be out
or whatever if they got your like a
little sweaty guys Martin do I run our
guys go white they also a baby why he is
with some friends you're all of it but I
know y'all that's where you're going but
that water body smell unless you do
that's a special body yeah baby way
bring baby white okay so we did know if
it listen it on you you also want to
make sure your elbows not cuz you know
arm is not a she is good you you wanna
make sure you know what that's what they
got lobby so always and show me and I
may have anthologies and she already
well these is you just so you're not it
is real ocean y'all I am complete it I
do it just a bit Oh is nailed like
included yeah get what I'm waiting under
toenail wonderful nail doesn't mean
under your nails even if you got on big
news yeah maybe next year what I golf
they likely to be ready to have broke
nail a little window cuz it's ago come
on you don't matter this is a matter you
are a I rolled you need to be flawless
on somebody's I don't dance which is
hard here a pink octane to go down here
message over here no it wasn't just
likes we've got a wife is already it
okay you come back up but look no this
is my doctor's I tried this earlier with
them
what's up being here it didn't work so
so okay yeah yo nails back or whether
y'all know
I'm looking what if you're kneeling yeah
yeah God told me that it was our lives
on a girl got compression damn my all to
be redone yeah high school yeah we don't
know how Sophia be redone cuz I look
cause it's your face I mean I feel like
they look at that stuff like how we look
at a new good teeth in here I'm saying
there you looking at on it stuff and a
lot of girls don't think this mean are
they interested in but they do okay so
we did that in there so it's me um oh I
got it no agent stomach so let's go hey
I need to get I kind of got a little bit
a little bit of fat here a little bit
back here but I ain't going to have like
hair like all right here it'll shave it
listen if it's a bunch but let's now
have some how come you buy all that and
just kind of happy true I hate we wanted
to believe it right here but enough say
another one man can I ask you to make
you for promotion in socially old man
and another woman don't another woman
ladies ladies I know we got there on my
way to little we'll all wind up it it if
the shirt don't fit don't wear it why in
your compound this is the bump spot hate
that and it's a short don't wear a nice
listen just because you're short you can
like pull up no means diction fit exist
because I could be looking real tight
man you gotta stop you and mayo like
those condoms looking like a muscle
something's up okay yeah oh and I hate
like that's alright guys quit when you
tell me about that those little short
things you can put under your shirt cuz
I was one problem that always text cuz
mother always fall out homicides meet
when I first come on any like a they
look good in it Wow when I walk in more
my lower but she yes she is probably all
black girls does I got that problem - I
definitely real
that's aware you so I start get a little
begins and it will open your booty get
it come up more up here and then a mean
yeah a lot out
yeah the shorts are harder problems your
honor in a life but here do what F is
about a perfect cup and just don't get
it
yes thanks Bowie children move dimension
enough oxygen make sure you'll get some
nice fish of all because you know when
you were to certain shirt well probably
was got a good sitting down got his
wallet and oh yeah oh yeah oh he's good
but super make sure you do good with the
program if you have a boob job earlier
it legs that boob job like for real
fruit okay I wasn't actually talking
about this booming okay oh yes nothing
will insulation it Oh Harry me ready for
like my man to be here but but not my
bill no play I don't take my legs in the
wintertime because I work in I don't get
my way every day melody
I want every day polish gonna come
somewhere I let it just you know what I
was wearing pants is our shores but what
I have to wear skirts or shorts or
something no I'm shave them all if it
doesn't say if I thought like doing to
wear my mostly no more pain if you know
what to do be doing here becomes equally
cool I'll be definitely in the winter
college very dispersed such a wholesome
animals give you a little stitches hair
guy but y'all live on say and no one be
wear shorts and we're self-appointed
that's with Saddam I want this house
every day and you need to make sure your
legs nice and smooth and buy all better
all is that and I hate will be we have a
lighter on NATO's and like on this part
in here practice whatever so do I know
this unless she's gonna live here I love
here forgive me I'm you would sit on the
stairs make sure if you can't I act see
the yes
oh yeah it doesn't you can make let me
get her a towel me do it is parking lot
foot like if my ankle dad won't be well
white doesn't mean white right here
don't tell me what my all right I think
this is a good stuff what
to the cooler at all what yeah
anyway okay so you know it is not hot
that the whole Oh No yeah the cookie
home now a lot of women it's okay to go
getting Duchess douches reduce reduce
reduce the Dickens okay reduced every
day it's not able to do not at all then
they just extra make it think if you
already know that well there's good time
I'm going to lie where I've used not a
refresh kick its up and so while I'm
using uh times like I do but it's like
water with water solution and it helps
print you out after set now if you have
an ex in your man came in you then you
definitely definitely get some kind of
or a German had an official muscle used
efficient assist yeah you need to clean
those up but you're going to do every
day and every week it is not good so
mental pn years
let me tell y'all one message off your
mouth and we all CFLs you messed up on
anything
why did I love did you see me now look
if it all if it rolls out there are
eight who have have it hectic yes y'all
y'all do like
exaggerating you that semen is a very
high acidic level which is on soil pH
balance off which is and then it leaks
out like Italy so afterwards it'll just
stay up in your it actually got so you
smell it so I thought the best thing to
do and go to Walmart get you a home a
tooth that kick
what I never to be happy from you will
never care care cookie you ain't never
had an answer on you know I was gonna
have our for you Melissa I come in
support because a coordinator husband
sometimes I think it's okay to be stupid
in you know this team but you know I was
just always Twinkie so you know I have
noticed that I
that after that I think got a little
smelling alike I got a no smell because
his look thank you contest the walk
model second people of mine Christian
smell and made you know everything is
just so everything off so what's the
world Milan I mean is um one two
separate and is like if it caught
refresh yes our refresh it work
I'm not gonna lie but you're not
confident in my interview not suppose
you don't like that like on a bit on a
daily basis only after I stuff like like
sex and stuff I get in like if you have
a real bad period images 9 what the hell
is going on board love us on thank you
but look if you have a real bad scenery
and you still got a little nasty love
bishops meal then yeah you need do
somebody consult yourself and some water
you know in a shower bath walk when I'm
not going up clean itself so they do
clean their so but knows nothing there
today getting this hour to consult and
cleaned it out yeah but you know we also
do it another day
so we're not using offensive so on your
mistake of use all that house on the
little used a coolant their home is it
dove or does it if you a duck it just
have to be a mouth so whether it but
yeah yeah my mom means no fish
nobody else like them you can't not
mouth look you can't be using those
double a rose-petal
situation and citrus my children
absolute your were thinking we do we
think boban come on Dustin so yes you
did there we are that people there yeah
everything over matter like means yeah I
think yeah six hours and some idea but I
know your heart
politics does it healthier Beyonce
immensitively girls nuts it in the water
my life Regina so no that's the other
let me finish if you have it if you feel
like a pH balance on our youth soap you
get youth into warms up and you add two
cupfuls of white and itís either white
vinegar apple cider vinegar that I try
that nook and outside vinegar what the
hell why does nobody think anymore but
it didn't it actually like it balanced
it out and I can't use the capsules
bleach to really yes
you just dial up on believe the officer
of the hours of my deep use that
beverage inside s adult abuse is like at
not a whole single bleep oh my Allah old
baby is y'all you so bleach a y'all bad
worker here to dog I think it's a lot of
that we got a little cup boys have you
ever do this yes you did yeah anything
I'm not a lot I'm not holding your life
there's a make your body feel like
grinding parts because like big my life
sometimes my baby actually like they're
here you can you dirty the left right
left right
will you be here cause we like your neck
is black Brooklyn all my internet black
okay I'm not scared to get all bleep
when a complete endo all my life you
getting at Waterman bleach all the dark
marks that you be end and like conduct
your ears and stuff it it'd be good like
really up Bob I'll leave your like why
someone yeah I can fit a girl I just
vinegar in the water when I get Travis
alright good you guys you got another
you think about was the best hope of
just over mom saying go niches extra
black money get like you actually like
you make is the think oh look don't get
her letter painter Nick what and guess
just like what is going around these
fake gurus you got all ninja making
black well use the clean clean yo Nick
look black if you talk about
chromosome you simply turn our one
gigabit you wanted right now currently
but right now there's dark I got iPod or
wings because ever else right now
I love it you I was may know you know
some black some of my family shall wipe
clean white red and what you little
bleep come over okay I know that I'm
away it is active oh you're killing me
here okay
so yeah we're sort of no senses so only
my soul if you have a problem don't get
some home vinegar water make sure y'all
take us by awesome yeah you could see
but the way my son man standing Oh like
baby booties what you mean but it Oh
like I did right yeah I don't feel like
I have you true like some little that
line there but a little landing strip
what's cute what color do some smokers
and Chris I usually say our micro
ceremony today if I feel a mystery
running over white corn or slavery
avocados
but not yet yeah shakes is a really big
part to our men but Mickey Abu practice
shade cousin here yes James is a really
big part you know why because we're here
after those older I know is like this
inviting you out just a phantom and I
used to work out so my mom claims to be
sold away because need to be working out
and so I'm experimental overs or
Baltimore blue - the only way you can
save your hot pay for that is how you
save you but you better really get like
yeah you guys pull it over you guys save
me like that let's just one science time
that it holds it up into this side yeah
we doing on the hood side cameras let me
tell you about the booty hole groans I
love plumbers in about the buyo in your
friend you have to really scrub that
know you gotta scrub it Lindsay laughs
women even all Papio crevices you can
get other subs and it smell and red is
hot to be musky but you gotta make sure
you scrub at the quad for your buck red
and damn I get it all soaked up real
good and then spread your booty cheeks
in a shower and just ready to discuss
you guys you just gotta let it open up
and you guys kind of do one run through
it once the whole witty hold for like a
long time and hot water to not own one
water you need some some hot water to
run the illusion of variables I do it
because guess what I love will be ready
no I'm not popping oh btw mother minute
hey yo boy you're not black let me let
me be spin rokkyo black no I mean I
wasn't hurting no I'm telling you look
like my Gillett up like a pea no matter
you're gone and mamas borrow I was like
this doc you told me your wife since I'm
not white like Arcos enjoy listen my boy
all pink but if he is listen up what is
that like me like you'll hear it's not
like a real lightly it's like some more
clover Brahmas champing littlest things
but make sure that you what you want
here to be kids you can hear what a
lovely old shit you want you see wet - I
mean y'all seen on my channel
no nobody comes ordinarily wets my if I
feel bad - come on Becca shaving like
shaving to be honest even does the same
thing and waxing as long as you like
know how to shave you're right darling
gradually to be honest I really don't
prefer women to shave our let them get
in there or go get what or just outside
there and don't freaking kill my in
judgment Verizon's the audit on because
it prevents the range of all I hate
raisins oh they're they're things that
you can get at the store the other thing
today at Sally's Beauty Supply they got
there's no shade deal and you actually
shave it let me know bump Jill and you
use it as a shaving cream and you don't
get no mum you know what you all think
about your messing up your skin like
where are work when you shave your
working your skin cuz you gotta get
money laying lifeless my god
while you can get your coochie bleep
bitch I'm putting on job but you know
the kind of a good Abe Lincoln you want
to keep Shane make you shake it well you
might make it like a very removal
anybody I've been poking it from where
you should hope I win how much was it it
was like $100 you lying I swear done
$100 but I'm okay because I get my orbit
Emma oh yeah I harvest I do mom listen I
really wanted to see about the bleaching
thing because no one ever women go like
you ever watched like a porno ever in
your mouth no no yes we have some like
y'all go be act like y'all don't uh what
forever you know like I never watched if
you'll pardon me more but listen that's
not the point
that's beside the point the point is
then girl on there a lot of girls would
be bleaching booty hoes and stuff and as
I be looking nice
watch it is but a sailor why are they
boy yo and every time two dozen times
you alright time you lookin all real
reaction are that comes from shaving
doesn't even experience so you should
get a please but they don't everybody
have it here john-boy holes you'll never
hear listening but who are you so so you
don't get no raise enough in Twitter it
okay what you need to do is you need to
completely be bald we will not lean on
your owner cuz it's hard because like
the hair is always when you go all you
have to put your shoes yes oh yes we
know your cousin's going to make it all
that room at ok oh ok I see which is we
should difficult if you go over here
also make the hair fall out but it'll be
painful burn her to be smoking so do be
courtesy I think we covered everything
to cover your booty booty or business
you're gonna keep you on me Nicole not
did buggers ears yeah okay we cover mom
in order matter
every dinner am covered by the makeup
yeah get me the skin tall um do got
anything about like to say about like a
hair or anything oh my god I like one
thing too when it's time to take a weave
out fictitious take it out and also
y'all I'm like you'll be volume insecure
though I just run this movie on
synchronous messed up exactly
not my mom is like Lizzie guy stuff only
that's amazing girl just about start
you're here for me to job or take it you
doesn't see it I'm sick they promote his
nephew in this club was a little bit in
this business but now listen y'all one
more thing about the hair I also that
when girls do it is Asian I begin it
it's of the term white on here why I
wear those making on your wife their top
refer essential called girls nuts
I prefer that that's good the yes well
we're not going on the show you so do
you need you tell me this
oh gosh you know yes I have to remain up
so it's late you know trying to do you
want basically us building why our
inventory
well after we need to measure now it's
not to people who don't gotta it is like
me no harm if you die it's like it's not
a good girl okay so message okay go
y'all listen one more thing when we go
out and wear a sandal we need to make
sure we bring some kind of baby wipes
because you know I wear sandals even
it's wet you'll feed your black around
the sides no or get dirty
the let you are you okay oh no no when
you okay once our man at Hopkins
completely clean I went to the problem
oh so they're out there okay I want to
the carnival is what deal if you won't
be somewhere I originally did not cover
this one eyelashes when your eyelashes
is hanging off and they will dirty and
caked up take them all they come out I
hate when they be trying to angle look
just get a real we're not be doing
maybe all the way up here yeah I know
let me just cover would it be whatever
you have the lipstick on make a cookie
oh yeah really fancy or whatever your
teeth or something yeah no no no see we
are having that white stuff yeah good
luck
oh I love you seeing it in real life
like never stopped at five known my mama
I didn't give you all of that white guys
welcome in see little please one why is
it white debt and reapply it exactly
likewise every black white can we apply
white do we go on to those is a good
idea now Janelle recovered everything
cover everything now sober you got ready
meaning so what oh you make ya'll
watching this video watching also make
sure y'all go subscribe to the Taylor
girls already and my description you
Amen we up comment more stuff that y'all
wanna cheetah favorite girls in Queen
jungkook wall daughter
kanako-sama cooking videos or business
ok that's right noise will be funny we
got to do with your god I haven't we got
the in this video and go to some other
stuff cycles may because we hope and on
this man but yeah oh wait off let me
know my recognizes now I just lay up
oh right now
hold on big risk
