right now you are not told it son been
crispy what good Rosie quasi girl queen
beat back in the car once again and I
literally literally just came from
amazing less studio all know if you
could see it I just came from there
because I got my lashes removed and
these are my natural lashes of course I
put on a little bit mascara afterwards
because I don't want to look bald lasted
it's gotta make sense currently this is
a situation we are about to go look at
some houses because we are actually
moving like I said in my last vlog where
my life vlogs we're actually moving so
better look at some more houses we've
seen one house that was on a Chris
McQueen channel that we we put that on
there a little the little tour but we
still wanna you know look at some more
houses just to make sure you know that
that's what we really want but um yeah
some like to go home get Chris and
everybody else I don't know if everybody
else is coming but they might be I think
they are coming but yeah I'm about to go
home and then just I don't know I'm
really hungry right now I don't know
whether I should eat something before I
go home or should I just wait until I'm
with everybody else I'm not sure but for
now I'm just want to drive and pull off
so yeah I must play my music sound good
copyrighted and yeah that's about it
I'll see on the next clip so I'm finally
back home and we got jazz in the back
right now on me I kinda have time go get
nothing to eat yo because time was just
winding down we got a beat here like in
13 actually it's a 30 minute drive we
were really supposed to be there at
12:30 and it's 12:20 Jesus
so we need Chris to drive the car
because he drive a little bit faster and
I'm ready to go to these houses and then
after that probably you come eat fish
you hungry y'all need to hurry up in
1220 we got two thousand twelve damn
thirty ok so we're finally here the
first house y'all and I am so ready to
look because um yeah I'm ready to move
y'all ready to move baby why do niggas
trying to match look red red and then CJ
he trying to match to CJ hi baby boy hi
baby boy mommy love you gang gang gang
gang baby you so here so we had the
other hand right now CJ is so awesome
believe this toys are key to one either
someone else's toys no CJ you got you
own toys at home but when you're at home
or Sadie down what you mean come on
let's go look this other let's go to
this room
you know family people feel staying here
right now but we just looking
this is nice let's see how the bathroom
looks cool me see oh okay I like this
set of a lie and then the little pillar
that comes over oh I like the seat tube
we've got a data roaming here y'all
that's very nice
yeah oh you a bigger TV detective
yeah protectors Broncos you likely be
better than projected man I got this big
ol area here yeah I won but is that the
TV but richardandsusie they also got a
sink over here y'all go upstairs and I'm
guessing this is another don't eject it
is another room over the next week let's
go get a look from let's go get a look
from the balcony
this is how it looks
oh I like a big ol window we put a nice
Christmas tree up here in the kitchen
down your yard some nice oh wait it's
more stuff over here so first we I think
this is Amissah room you ugly very like
a sour pitch so Arman is currently
winning right now because I told me got
an army a haircut
when I saw your video you got it it's
cool they know if they know we'd be
flaming arrows I'll go do that what you
got bro swore wrote you guys you look
black licorice right now boy so we are
currently in the next house and I love
it I honestly like it a lot is really
spacious is really it's bigger than the
other I mean the other house has more
square footage but this one is like more
spacious let me show you all like kind
of from the beginning to in hold on
homey shape so when you first come in is
like a little office room which we need
that because you know we handle a
business and like it's like a little
chandelier light kind of like I like the
floors it's real light in here and then
oh I even come in here yes this is a
bathroom right here oh just as a room
and this is another room this lot of
spaces it is just a lot of things and
then we got
oh yeah I think that's I kind of like
the dining room and then this is like
the kitchen I like the kitchen a lot
though and then here's the living room
a nice backyard
sorry and this is another room I think
it looks nice I think what I like about
the most though honestly is a kitchen
and then the floors when you walk inside
though and we walk in the hallway I love
me a big old kitchen and then here's
another like you know kitchen room the
other was a timer kids also um like a
family room with the double doors I like
the double doors too I like the
countertops and then also oh they got a
microwave on top of a stove I liked it
yeah liked it a lot
I like the way the oven looks - Wow this
one I love this one right here just want
it's beautiful I love the gate you have
to go walk up in here see how this one
is let me go get this one Chris I like
it I like it a lot oh yes i loving this
kitchen baby the hospital on Friday wow
this is beautiful sorry
Thank You Sona Driscoll you know what
else I love more the double doors when
you walk in and loads in the stairs and
high ceilings it's also a dining room I
think a dining room is underneath and
like an office let's go
oh that goes down to the kitchen come on
baby oh oh yeah come on baby oh yeah
yeah oh my god look at the balcony whoa
we got balcony bro
good boy nice boy that is another
hallway over his balcony huge brah Oh
everybody make neighbors would own
friends this is after bedroom and I like
it more suburban you like oh my god wow
it's 2016
so vanity said oh my god love beta
closet don't go man I love them I was
not coming wait what are your babies
Ignacio like this I definitely had to
say I'm saying recording the video look
ya'll incidence a song so we back home
after looking at some beautiful
beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful
do this business dude with me to boost
pull houston we got my girl Lila over
here sailor dad hey yeah Harry popping
yes purple in the building yep she did
flew in and then we got Jenny - yeah and
then it's a little seven girls coming in
soon so you already know is not be late
you feel me what to be doing so so I
have to fill me I have to sit here
anybody's on please wait Thomas alone
you look at you look at ya
you look at single wouldn't you better
stop back
yeah so um I'm pretty sure that the
house that we looked at last is the one
that we want so we gonna do all the
paperwork for and everything and just
like you know figure out so is that what
we really want this is poor and is our
leftovers when I got back but I think
all that about to go back to the mall
and surprise
wait and something I don't know whose
name is blaming way we are maybe you had
wearing a blue we'd let coffee peak
muggle surprising today what a cake
because there's less plane flew English
is Lala yeah yeah
zombie awesome awesome love you so we
are finally finally at the mall and we
just got we just got clay and he's
actually parking right now wait why did
you do today in place lays a highway
today in place where they work in his
family quitting
he been working in all the power within
us which I do you know we're on time for
him to start making money for himself
yes yes that's right but he what did he
go do today like what I mean where he
just goes over to now we just surprised
him whatever so we came in absolutely
Atlanta to bring him locate don't have
to show them the case and it's a u-tube
cake but it hopefully will be routed
opera I want to be there we all see you
later
so I put my hair in a high ponytail
cause I got tired of low but currently
Lala's over there trying out some shoes
and them shoes sweet
wanted to these is red but blood issues
yes y'all honestly like I could never
see myself being a real bottom because
oh how I just want to spend much money
on shoes but who knows I might I might
treat myself one day anyway I got this
lip gloss from Sephora I kind of like it
kind of different it's like metallic ish
I got a gold one too
you know what I like really weird yes
it's better I don't know where crisp in
the Marne
I caught me the answers we gotta find
them
we got the cake ah we do cake in bro hi
you focus you go home
right how how you feel yeah hell yeah
who the hell you haven't got you my
favorite bros up in a billet we got our
mom is right no way I'm looking at a yo
big movement up
there is one business
yeah
the mass meeting I babysit or justine
sacco y'all got helmet changed and
everybody right here we bout to go to
clubs so I mean the lounge so yeah I
might be loving in this blog and yes
that's about it how do you guys read
chat oh me too
I'll have you know mo shut up I told you
guys I love you so much hi right now you
are not told a big risk
