right now you're not gonna be greasy
what Rorty squatter girl queen being a
cup once again back with another video I
got my baby and my husband back there
and I got perfect glass with me are mine
and trader at the studio recording right
now so all of us are about to go to this
mall that we never been to what the
causes to pregnant Kenyan mom's opinion
topanga's also slipper England this is a
instant what to my mom and say hi baby
oh how you feeling today baby just woke
up I'm Annette so yeah today I'm yeah we
go into the mall whatever we bout to see
what that's about that she said it's
real banging man if you're really heal
so it might work for me away but it's
like it's late it's lady I was like oh
yeah I might evening we've been meeting
Kelly sweet there too but a went out for
the first time but Abbi I already know
who Kelly cities and stuff and I talked
to her before but we gonna be meeting
her up there too what her friend Desiree
Mitchell so um yeah States own yard it
should be lit this would be real lit so
we're finally at the mall right now see
David hi baby
we want to escalate it right now we'd
end up that in support you guys all is
pretty big whereas it because of the
food workers made a all day yo come on
baby
come on
yah we ate all day so we wait no home
Kelly and her friend Desiree and yes
beyond a mix clip when we get into
something you feel immediate man I'm
starving right now to be honest that
meat over there look real good it was
called a Brazilian grill I wonder if I
could do and let's see what they got
from him perfectly
so perfect Lance is about to eat here
and I wonder in suits that I can hear -
I know but like oh that's was on yet oh
dang oh no they got was Rufus him and
celebrate our risk of potatoes oh no I
just might use you know CJ all know you
want that baby
I can see oh my god so y'all we probably
want to eat man I am so happy I got some
some meatballs spaghetti to risk and
potatoes the watermelon you know I gotta
have my crushed ice ooh
and I also got me a nice piece of hot
for y'all
so I'm about to get down down and dirty
baby up these days uh-uh
I thought it was like y'all so tumblr
about a fashion / store up in the ball
I've tried on like a lot of stuff yard
and I must be like a few outfits so I'm
just shopping and I'm killing it right
here yet but sometimes a little bit
shopping I also hire like my outfit
horny tell you I got like my outfit is
what I wore today after the picture and
everything right okay see some Bollywood
Kelly Sui and Desiree Wow just in here
looking about Selena I know I'm thinking
y'all with like collar and stuff on
camera but yeah everyone here by I got a
camera go alright now we waiting on
perfect lab so we swings but we waiting
on Chris to come upstairs you are going
to walk down there to them but no I'm
you I probably can find nothing so they
just said wait here so
this is a big modest is a real nice I
just got some self investing no but
y'all and let me show you this is my
first time shopping here they got some
real cute stuff I mean stuff that's cute
stuff so CJ is already CJ already
flirting with people he flirted with
Desiree over here if you start blessing
at Kelly like he already started with
people say hey Humana lady tuber
beholden to some working girl y'all make
them look so good on this camera yes yes
lei jelly and Dan reunited you feel me I
know right
girl muffin zoom isn't on I already got
some gays also to match with it but it's
some kind of hands that I've seen on
this girl Oh earlier and then I really
wouldn't want I'll be where I called
muscle animal was all laughing it
tension started come from my higher I
think it was you I just like a bathing
suit it is vapor don't know why you like
this like we're live Jackie but I'm you
know is like different you know Oh
Melissa feliz feliz babe Feliz
Sheila's coming back out okay well
Rock'em if you want almost to give that
joke which one do I want
Sajid by some camo pants for y'all who
don't know what they are
What's Up Girl yo my role with any
Chelsea Chelsea
none of the Chelsea I have a significant
you got it thank you all right yeah so
guess what Jess and Kelly left us and
now I'm start willing I just don't know
these are willing and now it's the only
lesson CJ to be her date right yes so
never I didn't eat yet so I did you want
to use I'm here to do on a waste
um the double agave I just ate but I
wasn't a dream
thirds come down for whatever I mean
with you here is today Thursday okay Oh
cuz I found Thirsty Thursday but if not
I'm sucking two Saturdays way second of
juice not nothing else you're a trauma I
want to get some Jamba Juice clunk I
will be doing to me anybody joke y'all I
love it I love booty doing you girl you
before nobody near just round up anybody
up in here also
yes bureau sec ee look no bullets I'm
going to go get it
okay alright yeah so I'm sure I'm gonna
get something to juice but I think i'ma
go to strawberry lemonade cuz that done
with guna head earlier nah she was left
in our videos today
hey what's your name myself you watch
our videos y'all Sammis down you know
man our vlog what's going to grow a
wallet man
so you know every once in a while you
got cash out on bein away I wasn't
feeling this one I was not feeling
everyone said why you got cash out on
Bay we came in here we see this black
here mr. G he wanted some a good bait
some stuff up in black hear me say thank
you baby
mmm oh no wait let's get a kiss on
camera all due to your mind United not
yet cuz I begin him yes and you are
seeing any vlogs I don't even sup there
lying act like UNC Oh beautiful ha
so all that y'all I've been trying to
match Bay and we got these we look at
these decades right now and I think we
would I'm wrong on let me show you
what's happening is that cookies is a
little Club yes about wall burn right
here all gonna blow close
I've been do this week there you go
there you go there you go
working working working so CJ's on his
day right now multiple calls over gold
hang in love right now he just
he loved her so much
so Kelly Kelly and jazz about to leave
and go do stuff and I don't know they're
going to do and I'm jealous we put about
an acidosis in Desiree they just leave
it up hanging right ladies I'll go cuz
we can link back up later on Orosco to
get it washed out Ibaka I never watched
a little boredom suits
I know Walker Boulevard since I'm a
business we have been apart there's
nothing I miss you we ain't important
bus I know man
oh my got a big cluster her feed mum's
right here man turn it off so me and
Chris is on
NCJ we waiting on our uber right now and
was at the mall chill
Apple just fell out of nowhere bro
though right it's a mighty and funny I
know
yeah so yeah we just went out over and
did we gonna link up later but everybody
else jazz and all of them have left cuz
they got to go film together what's it
on baby
aaron dali what cement we just arrived
they're Rascals
so unfortunately Kelly fleet and Desiree
I went to this other party and actually
actually invited me to that same party
but I didn't end up going because I
heard it wasn't flapping and in place
like it was like a private kickback
people just sitting around so it wasn't
illegal it it
hi yeah so we bout to eat some chicken
and waffles I don't know how the
you man we all here just waiting we come
to find out this restaurant got people
waiting outside that's how good it is if
I'd be flapping and jumping you're sure
the TARDIS camera oh now I'm currently
I'm trying the old chameleon Bay is like
I'll cuddle up you know I just love me
incredible my sexy BAE Rome yeah my baby
so we come Detroit but we just move to
Houston like a couple months ago Marcin
I can't wait I'm hungry hey just like I
like it better we tell them oh my god I
got rollers in me let me do other
parties you love you a lot
right now you are not for this turn then
Christy
