right now crispy
what's our classic girl queen me to cook
once again back with another video and I
got my girls got game juices tough
though Desiree men so it's a girl Ashley
Cory Kelley sweet perfect laughs so as
y'all know by the title we are doing the
dirty trooper there and all of us have
two questions of peace which is gonna
mean we is gonna be what twelve thousand
twelve questions y'all so we got some
real juicy stuff up in here actually I
don't know what I don't think anybody
knows the questions at each other no I
just we don't open okay so I got mines
on my phone and I'm basically everybody
can go for my when you want start from
this area okay jazzy's go first okay
yeah everybody so phone like this would
you rather get combing your hair after
you just finished down it or right dry
anything that goes in your eyes is
awesome you got coming on that phone
know if I have you know even have
anything that you Google it anything
that gets in your eye so what would
happen if a guy over here would enjoy it
well you have to hear I'm taking a
shower because I'm doing my hair though
and it's like you don't want to read
Italy well I'll just have to redo it cuz
what if I get blinded no because what if
I baby yeah I'll be like the smell of
cotton yeah it's my hair definitely yeah
I do it am I you know I have to go wash
my hair real real
you know okay next Kelly yo turn oh okay
would you ever I do that's bad burn with
ice Mlle would you rather like have sex
with somebody without no ligaments or
would you guys like on top you said
somebody with no ligaments yes papi like
yeah no see then we need you no I don't
need them arms to be doing this or
something fun like go to that yeah okay
would you rather have sex only with the
partner but the first person needs ever
did with it for the rest your life or
would you rather have sex so the last
words either masculine
what do you rather walk around the
supermarket in your lingerie or walk
around the mall with a strap-on
it'll be a fashion show yeah I like it
lingerie - to be honest I'm in a hot old
lingerie yeah would you rather pay for
it or get paid for it because I'm
already offering you with some dick I
feel like I'm really ugly like I tried
it so are we not even that it's just
that's a waste you're good
you can give me some good you ask me
yeah next question all right now I'm
kind of bizarre when I think about stuff
in my head so this questions a little
bit month bizarre but y'all have to
choose okay would you rather let a man
piss in your mouth during sex or RER
kelly or slap a dead fish on your
coochie no been going in this mouth not
over to go take a shower okay
Oh
oh my god hold on not real
my dog come here but how did the dog
know leg oh my train about into its own
Treasuries you can only think oh that's
the next question I'm gonna catch a vibe
that is so good no it's pink on ether
and amacrine know your place would you
rather be towed you suck at kissing or a
net you suck at giving Botox wait
would you rather look at kissing or that
you suck at giving it suck it me kissing
because I feel how embarrassing like on
me you can't give me any I want it she
was her teeth you know it's not all
people without T probably gonna miss
here yeah yeah would you rather have
diary three times a day
see you like oh would you rather have a
runny nose for the rest of your life
running runny nose runny nose
yeah yeah right no I cannot you know the
toilet every day you know I feel like
you just not even Queen would you rather
orgasm loudly every hour of the day or
never be able to orgasm ever again yes I
can't
would you rather find out the last
person you've had sex with was murdered
or your cousin when I asked the waiter
yes the crazy question would know find
out what it's saying find out the last
time you had sex what is a murderer or
your or your for my cousin's a murderer
no or even your cousin the Julia sighs
excellent or murder than Julis has
huge you condos that he was either your
cousin or member what have you right now
my and you want to keep you having sex
with you and he come to kill you because
you don't have sex with would you do
I'm we're gonna be scarred for life I'm
really starting like no waiting for what
the killing gotta do but okay what do
you love mention like no is a no no no
she's kind of right I'm gonna be
traumatize once I find out I fucked
someone that killed somebody
yeah i'ma bees are from the people you
did did that stop saying like you don't
know yeah that's sick but you have to
find so you never know how we go with it
yeah that is sure you never know what
look to get regular gagging Oh lovely
oh man yeah baby gonna be mixed I might
have to rethink that I don't want to
kill her inside me like no but in this
okay alright thank you I'm sorry
would you rather marry a man and Jess
this is for you - would you rather marry
a man permanently next and what forever
with the permanently must be extremely
mild inhale be in the incense
relationship with your uncle I gotta
fucking so I think I'm going to musty
penis every single I literally cannot do
much I'm telling you that now we'll be
throwing up yeah
my relationship with my slice caste
they're not married to him for the rest
of your life your money every day and
they must be enormous so I'm going to
pick but I know a marriage do not marry
your life or your life endure that I'm
gonna be
go ahead in this video out this is a
crazy video we hope you guys enjoyed it
make sure that go subscribe to every one
of my beautiful ladies on the side of me
the link will be in the description and
awesome you have it right to my channel
make sure you do that too let's give
this time you likes your 20
let's give it like 20 times 40 for you
guys alright let's do let's do 30
thousand like and if you want to see
more collabs let us know what you blame
the comments which you would like us to
do yep
alright Angie's neck Amy I gotta go
you
