right now you are not on the Sun then
Christy I'll still good morning Reuters
classic girl queen be back in a cut so
listen y'all um honestly I didn't end
the vlog off yesterday so I just that
was just like in front of this one it's
another day today and today is like our
last full day in LA and I'm so sad
because I really really want to stay a
little bit longer but I have an
appointment tomorrow so I cannot just be
out here you know doing I have to go
back and handle business so yeah we're
about to go out to eat it's me perfect
left and Kris and CJ but currently trade
online they are actually at the studio
get at the studio right now and um hi CJ
come here baby
CJ okay mommy honey look up say hi
look up look at the camera yeah so um
they they recording right now and then
later on we gonna link up with Kelly and
them again and that's about it for right
now we don't get into something see what
else we gonna do just want to say hi and
greet your hair so right now curly no
over and we are on our way to full
office room The Grove mall yesterday we
are we look to this mark or the pink of
all but today we're going to a different
one so sign up to six but taking us
everywhere is you sit down here for a
year right yes yes you stand here for
years so she know where some of this
other stuff is but we don't get this
mall is better than the one from us
treating like this is going to you got a
different kind of I cheated and then we
got um bay back there
chillin looking on sexy uh uh he was my
life can so we are finally here at the
Grove mall and I love it already we
literally just just just got the uber
and it already has a whole different
vibe to it like this is so nice they got
what is that a lambo hey let me look at
it
oh my god looking well look at that -
just on suitemate away from our clothes
I go for swim or course okay we always
this is so freaking beautiful looks like
the whole outside I got like a live man
well restaurant this is beautiful wow
this is so freakin nice
all right now y'all we are walking up
the stairs I'll be I hate walking on
stairs and I know that I'm too young but
not for welcome stairs but I'll be
getting tired that's how you know I'm
out of shape this is not right I need to
be running like the American right now
looking at some Nike stuff but I you
know I got thrown off and looking at
this stuff by my own reflection yeah
it's ugly some up under here this
roofing is like paper yeah I got thrown
out by my own reflection y'all I'm sorry
I just I feel like I'm looking good
oh look at my son look at my son look at
my husband man we all win the
information we are all winning okay yeah
father why even the horns are so pretty
I love this yard is it so beautiful me
this is beautiful
we have some train tracks I guess was a
trolley dear initial an atomic bomb bay
so right now we about to walk up to the
Cheesecake Factory and go get some foods
as all of us I starve am pretty sure
everybody Bob's vedett
not so good since what you want it's
been a real role long time heavy right
here babe no isn't a long time so that
has a full year so yeah we don't act we
don't think it obviously so we walked
into the Cheesecake bedroo yard we had
to leave that call because it's a wait
but I gave up the beat Bernie so right
now we just gonna walk around and feel
they the beeper goes off so we know ye
cuz I do not want to wait since how long
was that wait 30 to 40 30 40 minutes you
want to do it through the wish your
weight which we just read somewhere you
want to eat somewhere obey or you want
to wait 30 women I'll say oh really
I'm and Jenna got somewhere else all the
way up Oreos here because that's the
case if we gonna be driving lives always
yeah
yo-yo which boy will be based on who's
gonna be patient today okay the blog
sure they hi Maisie
you said Maisie desi Daisy like a flower
yeah mister no Stacy oh okay shot the
Daisy with Instagram at NAFC okay so as
you know I always end up under makeup
store somewhere is on back in Sephora
once again and I'm about to try on this
lip gloss and lipstick
what is it lip gloss clog box them I
guess I left my lipstick at home so I
wants on the plump up - oh yeah freaking
loving I didn't want to get it it's $20
I'm gonna come get I'm good
meanwhile my son is what you're trying
to lipstick Oh Lord Jesus no please oh
my god CJ what made you do this no thank
you all now so I had to wipe it off his
lid CJ why'd you do that
she was not supposed to do that okay if
your daddy was here you know doggone
well you will not do this no Amy come on
CJ you want to tell daddy what you did
huh and she cannot tell daddy what you
did okay daddy guess what
CJ put a face full of lipstick on in the
store what you got to say about CJ
that's why I thought after not take him
to make up store me he won't do
everything mommy do he need to be behind
daddy - no you're not think of no candy
are you up in a home I'm looking at
these bomb cases now you are and either
all four to seven plus which I have I'm
looking at that Callie one right over
there in the corner froak
I think it is working out on the last
out a phone case actually with my name
on it this is really and they also got
one with King on in for my husband maybe
want one below your this upgraded here
to do so we're currently about to go up
this thing little escalator we finally
are Bieber finally went off y'all man
might be like we wasn't good my nigga
you will so we are finally in our seat
and BAE is ordering right now and dad
you ready girl you love this man this
man I love them take advantage in a big
potato
oh hello some steaks and spinach baked
potato and strength man I love the
natural of man nice diversity we are
family water and IMM seen the filet
mignon they also got some shrimp Alfredo
and I also got the vintage job because
my art is really really well excuse me
you guys have fresh ice do you have a
blender
agrarian supply Subin okay okay thank
you
well oh my god the United us finish this
day let me go home
shovel Friedel all you know typical big
I got my food what we're overfunded have
you got an ass burger oh my god also
nephew here's your own funky fries
I got Jimbo free only on yeah keep it
all announcer man we are pretty much
done now I must take this to go
now cookin got me oh no come here come
here
now come here yes I am giving you I like
on my hands leg on my ear let go my hand
no let my boys boy and we get burned
oh all right let me go oh I was
delivered a doll I wanna know you watch
the whole bunch on me blue minutes the
same I'm not taking them nowhere with me
no more if you have to all to be acting
like this CJ you should be disappointing
oh so having food fights and stuff which
I'll get our buddy
oh yeah yeah my damn nephew where you
going oh my god today's the best day
ever
we gotta hang out we hang it up we got
any guns release tomorrow yeah we really
tomorrow that we got hang out yes we got
hang out with one dose yeah I don't know
what should we do well no no you stay
here bro I don't where did our doing we
do well you know myself I guess boys are
playing game we just go home under
pictures Mario no wrong with you working
you can delay me master yo
don't mean your pool like you know but
yeah we are finally about to leave you
guys I have such a fun time here I loved
in place and this part is so freakin
weak yeah this car so freakin sweet
right here I got to meet a psyche with
tougher can love him see where I got
links to him to y'all and I also got
some stuff from Nike I got a jacket in
some sandals let me show you how to
sandals are good hold on these loan Nike
sandals right here
the boys are so freakin cute but anyway
you got to get up out of here and go to
the studio because min Chris got a
record a couple of more lines for this
song that we got coming very very very
very very very soon but make sure y'all
stay tuned for that see on the next clip
many trees in Cali are so freaking tall
like the ones in Houston we got palm
trees too with a post freakin short
Oh about to riddikore
record a miracle because you ready no
and that is my sense I don't really care
I know how to go ahead and end this vlog
because I'm in a studio and it's going
to be a real late night
we gotta wake up early in the morning
sue y'all to UM go catch this plane and
go back home Houston and we working all
night literally sweet sleep on the plane
so yeah I'm gonna go ahead in this vlog
I love you guys so much thanks for
watching and yet that's about it
April hey bye just also dated Ryan so
hungry so must eat since they buy buy
buy buy buy if you buy buy later
hubby hubby hubby say bye bye
oh you head in the video right now he
had the video so yes we got the work
so I love you guys so much you know
never is queen not a baby the world -
squad baby for life you film Wiggly go
Barney go
