what good
what Gucci fancy my gig with Louis much
rigor I know we got Kelly sweet up in
the Builder okay egg Kelly Rowland Kelly
Rowland least our that was she's sweet
Kelly sweet and sour you know um and
then we got jazz perfect glass over here
hunching her back royal back hunched
like there don't it makes it makes the
moolah yes go girl Archibeque we might
so good Ashley and Cory's house that
link up you already know because my ears
do not want my ear like Diana Ross
appear three to five probably man what's
our desi come on hey girl looks like a
little tiny bang man let me let me it's
making a sense of let's stick it in and
Snicket you feel me yes why you look at
that me yes Kelly work that night
number is six one nine so we all had it
so I already said this in the last clip
but just lighting better so I said again
we are headed to Ashton's Cornett after
Ashley
and nationally of course house and
everybody that the cameras wear lobsters
we block stars blood-borne stars we're
happy here in Kinshasa way to go
upstairs y'all
we wait you know what theaters you fool
me the audience is pretty but this is
scary as hell to me I'm sorry I don't do
how it's not I'm not like when I could
not live up here
Texas I don't get to see her
we only saw the other yeah yeah and then
I had a miscarriage taller than these
niggas crazy they've had them bout to
try some crickets I'm baking the cheese
just really crunchy that's okay that
Ashley they like chips oh my gosh is
Kourt yours away
Kelly you for real doing that for real
okay it's also we're looking I had
crickets Amy and jazz are about to try
crickets I want to put the creaky audio
standing here while you're eating them
we've been a traumatic bacon and cheese
groupies alright come on Oh
oh my god
nice just nasty why would I make ya'll
eat owns like why would I make those you
want to ask him he'll not be achievable
all right y'all ready ask you by the 82
right right
on a mark turn up thanks Ricky
oh wait wait hold on wait a minute wait
what you eat a burro you bow you ain't
eat it for real you Aidan Kelly what did
you have to pop you gotta try it oh my
god y'all so you bought the film right
now this is behind the scenes
I got my bag next to me oh yeah okay
Cory Cory you just like even when you
want to sleep guys but you mojo are
those pajamas yeah
you can play when you're going up with
John wow that was it Armand is about to
eat this Mad Dog hot sauce their quarry
yeah
this comedy i said magic Maddog I ready
he's anticipation you want though that's
a moment is the fin Amaro chill I got
you
all isn't it there's nothing get real
get real bro yeah wait ah it's more like
what I'm cranky
Chris dance again
we are believing we did our collapse and
I am sad sweat same time cuz I really
would how come it's my baby but Chris
that was weak on here like two weeks
Ishita so dumb this point I'm going out
the lobby oh yeah she's that week coming
out we coming home back in two months
yeah this is scary this is Harry I
cannot yet is this is here - doggone
hats off and he he still starts at least
and I'm gonna make sure that happens to
roofer because I'm tired of who are you
looking like a model back near her
magenta
yes late
perfect glass back there just looking
lost that's right just eaten her life
away
what is Kelly don't want Kelly back
there look at me like she's hi to you
too you got attitude
I'm w2f this right oh yeah so um I
should go ahead and end this vlog this
was a long day long crazy day it's our
last day in text I mean yes it's our
last day and oh lord have mercy
our last day in LA but we coming back
then why are we coming back for better
so make sure y'all stay tuned I recorded
a video with all the girls so that's
gonna be uploaded on my channel Zeus oh
um yeah I'm gonna end us how cuz I'm
tired it's about what 2:00 in the
morning it's doing it's 3:00 tomorrow we
gotta catch a flight in two hours okay
so let's yeah yeah we bought the boat
all right love you guys
my man we bout to leave and I'm so sad
yeah we don't talk about dealing time oh
yeah here's a bathroom
Brandi listen I look like Prince
