what's a squash girl could be to come us
again back with another video and today
I am cooking guess who else is cooking
penny cooking man patty cookin you gonna
come over here and really try to outdo
me but I'm making my famous lasagna
today Sarah's mom made some cake I will
be getting in that afterwards
I sure will hi baby how you doing and
here is the opponent
here's the opponent he is he think about
to come and destroy my skills in the
kitchen my chicken won't be talked about
for effort my lasagna will be talked
about - my mama's aunty will be very
good if you really think about to beat
me like we're gonna see we're gonna see
whose tastes better I think both of ours
it tastes good though I think so too I
got faith in you Betty I got more than
all right man where's Clara why you been
hidin out ladies
sorry for what we just know what in the
kitchen I have on anything we just go
well I look what am i you see Sudan I
don't care if I'm just cooking but get
that my cookies not right now we got on
good socks today for me good shoes good
feets as they may say I got the sweats
all about to throw down don't really
need to get cute
so as y'all can see I got everything
prepped I got my Italian my ground beef
and my Italian sausage my cheese's you
fill me my my green peppers and onions
my ricotta everything that I need you
fill me my sauce cuz it gotta be saucy
you or me hold a minute hold a minute
hold a minute
we got patty right here hold a minute
you got the big drum sticks right I see
that and I can also see the barbecue
sauce but there's also brown sugar syrup
and in mango what is that chuni chutney
mango chutney I really want to know what
he doing with this chicken it seemed a
serious oh no so guys we got his stuff
over here we got my stuff over here
we bought the battle might be like an
hour our phone like that okay
immediately he's just gonna be a
bystander cuz he can really you phone me
kiss okay you learn you learn one day my
one a month with mozzarella near two so
I stirred the mozzarella the parmesan
the parts clean the eggs after all that
in here this is my ricotta mixes is was
going to go over the noodles in right
now I'm just I've already rinsed them
before but they got a little dry
I'm going over here to the pot I'm not
going to brown the beef in the on you're
going to brown the beach and I want to
brown the Italian sausage mix with
cooking throw right now what's that in
Hannah brown honey someone else they're
going to st. only you never you call it
wait you gotta trade today's annoying
stapling I should be done with them
hands why you've been there how you
break it on my camera views it's okay
yes you clear you say you working really
hard right now what did I do
you've got another one right now Claire
Claire go in the oven minute
you making sure my beef I got it open up
people he got brown in here like still
probably going the wrong way there but I
made him do that like this
I got you doing it he was gonna just sit
there now I got you doing it I was doing
my thing not this is like it's my camera
you can't get it no green kind of player
on this team
yeah yeah yeah I'm here man I got you
I'm not gonna lecture oh I so Mattie's
chicken is going he didn't he didn't
make his sauce he added some more on
it's good what the hesitates like spicy
wifey all right we got my um my meat and
the sauce are already together these
right here are oven ready lasagna
noodles so we don't have to put them in
the boil these are oven ready already
which is more easier for me because I
don't have to put up with the extra
stuff there is still remaining doing
nothing
one thing he really did is just pour me
some juice that's good thank you
that was that was good all right so I I
did the base for the lasagna I just put
the meat there and then you put three
these are oven ready so you guys don't
have to worry about put them in a boiler
you just put three in there because
they're gonna spread out when it beats
and that I did that you want to take the
the ricotta filling and you want to just
put some in here and now spread it
you can add a little more in getting
crazy all right so finally his chicken
which looks really good in my lasagna it
also looks really good
thank you that's teamwork they both
ought to go into the oven we got it at
350 right now and mine's gonna take like
an hour how long she was gonna take this
is what we got right here
oh no Howard we're gonna do for our man
oh look it we got Claire oh Claire bear
was in addition Claire buzz beer bus
Berkley bus clam beer oh it's alright
cuz you're gonna be bussed down to
what's with the AP and a roll he's doing
for me your busboy two ways you me me
being a good dish buster
Thank You clear so now we just all sit
here waiting on food to get done he's
gonna take like the hour
patty on his phones girl and you don't
care about one fan clear working what
you about do clear you bought the edit
I'm not gonna turn this off my attitude
in
oh my goodness it doesn't realize I've
been carrying his bear around like every
day right but he don't got a name I want
you guys to name him and please don't
say what I think I don't know name
please no don't don't do that that's
that one name clear Clarence don't
anything what Clarence naming it please
don't I need a very nice name we created
the only we gotta start with it see okay
because it's too many seeds around here
lasagnas looking cheesy wheezing public
goodness oh why don't I forget the
bridge just chicken look in the Finger
Lakes we got the lasagna - chicken the
bread they both got two slices of beef I
mean we bout to do this taste test y'all
see what the clarity
see what the pati think Claire just said
the prayer I didn't record that because
that was really sentimental but we bout
to get everybody's reaction I want to
see our reactions first description we
need a description how'd it make you
feel
very good very good delicioso
okay all right no Collin Diego all right
I need you both to hey listen listen you
do the tasting I need you to taste
something the looks that I care about
you right all right definitely fair
about it yeah I care about everybody
demolished a plate look at patty look at
Patty's second piece talking only
morning you may not Robot Chicken in
like but you said right before I had
attended Matthew cheese with a bagel
that's why I asked you though like was
you gonna lose your appetite you say
he's still gonna eat no no
but I didn't dry a truffle today's video
I hope you guys remember what kinda okay
from what conduit even Dubai yeah you
are yeah so this is the end of the video
as y'all can see we off stuff
well I'm stuff in a my screen I'm gonna
just thank you I'm I just in this video
you know we bout to work meet Patti and
clear you like to do some web videos and
think up some ideas
so thanks open exit your lever guys so
much among
