right now you're not gonna turn being
crispy
I'll still good morning right the choir
girl Queen because once again back with
another video so it is about or my song
I think it's about like nine somebody
morning about 9:00 in the morning and I
am actually in LA right now because I
must request a music with our money Trey
and my husband Chris and also I'm here
to do like collabs with certain people I
don't tell y'all um just wait you know
Sam away see I see the video but y'all
gonna be happy about it um Oh lower my
voice I just woke up so ignore that but
so I always tell job in our Zilla main
tutorial and this is really really
highly requested by a lot of my
subscribers to read a lot waited so long
to do it because honestly y'all when I
first made my channel I was like oh I'm
gonna do a makeup she know that I act
but I wanted to show more my personality
and then plus on the other side I didn't
feel like I was as good in makeup as you
know I needed to be in order to be a
beauty guru so I'm going to change it up
a little bit I don't want to just be a
beauty guru channel length because I say
I'm not a professional I'm not feel like
a lot of other people but I can make
myself late you know I'm saying I'm just
not like all the other maker channels
but today I will show you like just
everyday makeup look um and if I do true
then I'm going to do on me and I'm not
just gonna do consider you all this time
to someone do actual you know eyeliner
mascara anyway stomach here but
eyeshadow all this up so I'm not you
starting right now alright so the very
first thing I want to do is put one
primer and this is photo finish
foundation color photo finish foundation
primer you can be able to see there is a
photo finish foundation primer from
Smashbox and this is oil free and a lot
of people with telling me in my last
make a video that I did on a crisp and
quaint channel that I needed to use like
a primer or whatever and I never really
knew what a primer was for but I guess
is just
to moisturize your face before you do
makeup and also help it to keep on
yourself I'll just rub it on my cheeks
all on my forehead
get it moisturize and I'm honestly just
make my face feel real good
I'm just putting for them because
they're so good I'm gold here some all
right so the second thing that I'm going
to do is actually put on foundations is
a Mac Studio Fix and I have it in what
causes this is MC 42 but yard is my skin
tone and also y'all I'm so mad man did
not tell y'all that every time I get my
eyebrows ready like I get these little
bumps right here I don't know why it
does that item for alcohol on it but I'm
still mad because like I really didn't
think that it would happen - time -
indeed I might actually put it on my
hand first because of it and okay I need
some more it is okay I'm going to put it
on my hand first a good amount like this
and then I'm going to go in with the NYX
liquid illuminator so it can look a
little bit more like glowy because I
kind of want to do we look today because
I don't like I like it to be natural but
I want it to be glowy too so I'm just um
taking my Mac brush I don't even know
mecklen Sevigny all know what it's
called
this is but I'm just take that in and
rub this together and then start on
putting it on my face and that's
definitely not going to be enough so let
me have some more okay now it's not as
bitter oh yeah I'm just add some more I
really need a mirror right here because
I'm using it as a mirror which I
shouldn't be the job see that dog on
make prank is good on me oh my god I
hate it so bad I hate some bags in a one
in lies this like a really pranked me
and put a whole snake on me that was so
bold you know your whole I think I'm
asked to change but okay this is more
like y'all because the mirror is right
in front of me and I want to be able to
look in the mirror - yeah I'm still
putting on my finesses send out
foundation um and I'm just gonna take it
and rub it all around my face I put my
nose - and my for you but not as much on
my forehead because my forehead don't
really need it as much as like you know
my cheeks because my forehead is I
colored very nicely if so musky here is
discolored I am so mad about African
bombs am I so ugly I'm gonna do my neck
- under here good oh my face we lookin
all orange and my next we look at yellow
and just don't go you don't go boom now
that I got dead um honestly I realized
that I probably should have started on
my eyebrows first but if Pacha's it it's
all good this is my first makeup video
so I will definitely do better the next
time
I don't want something you are talking
about you know how I can't do stuff
right because I'm definitely not a
beauty guru I'm not to start on my
eyebrow and what imma do is um first I'm
just calling them up or brush them up
with a little food eating and there we
go
now I'm going to take my I just got to I
just said about this and I really like
it
anistar be a dip brow pomade and I'm
gonna go in it's actually a brush that
goes to it it's called I don't know it's
just burst will i I'm pretty sure
convenient but yeah I'm not what I'm
gonna do is I'm going just lightly with
it and then I am going to go add my I'm
going to start right here a little bit
and just try to do it lightly as I can
now I'm going to take this part of the
breast and I yeah I can barely see it
I'm gonna take this part of Russia and
I'm gonna go upward my eyebrows grow
like naturally all right so I realized
that I think I like my eyebrows to look
a little bit tender I don't know if I
should go and redo this one or should I
just leave it stick like that I think
I'm gonna leave a suit and this one a
little bit thicker our sought asylum is
leave my eyebrows like this and then I'm
a clean up the mess ups with the honest
ideas with the inner thigh here on
Beverly Hills it's like a brow concealer
I'm gonna fit I'm gonna finish it up
with that but first um what I'm going to
do is well no time do it now I'm going
to do it again I'm going to take the
brush that I bought with this this is on
a concealer brush and it's number 203
from Sephora and I'm I'm just do a
little bit a little a little bit and
then I'm gonna clean it up on the side
starting from hand
now to take my beauty blender and blend
it down on the tops a little bit so
don't look all white on the outside I'm
just like blended I really don't like my
IRL right now but I'm just keep doing it
for the sake of the video this is
honestly is really big eight this whole
little make-up thing I'm not trying to
be like everybody else I don't know
almost I like these
but we gonna make it work today okay
because I don't feel like rejoining now
I'm um take mine are a radiant creamy
concealer oh my god and then it's called
custard the color custard and I'm gonna
go on to my eyes I'm just dab it under
my eyes and this is going to be a little
highlight too because it's real light
once I blend it in and what's happened
on my contour is going to be a lot like
more highlighted or contour with it you
call it I also add a little bit up here
on my eye area my lid because I want my
lid to look a little bit letter too so I
come on
so now I I really could use this to like
you know wind it out but I think I'll
rather use my Beauty Blender and I would
just add that until you know it's
blended fully so yeah boo I'm blending
this out right now I want to look too
white up in this area either so I'm
gonna make sure I believe you're good
enough to wear this all down the corns
and this little white cuz I still do
want that highlight though I'm gonna try
to keep it a little bit lighter oh my
nose ring is kind of like hurt in
Badescu all right now I'm dab it on my
eyelid
why do girls always do that face when
they're doing it make a do I I can't
help it I just all know it just make me
get it better
I'll see y'all I'm up to some a little
just a little tiny bit on my chin area
and down my nose to give me a little
highlight I want my chair me looking at
you know
I wish you stupid lump went away just
don't off everything oh no I might not
even get my eyebrows threaded no more
for real iPhone se there last time but
now that I see the key Jackman I want
probably have to do it again my so I'm
going to take my Smashbox contour
palette I want to take this right here
and I'm going to go contour of my
cheekbones with it
and um just keep going in like that I
want to straight what I don't want to be
like on messy so I'm just keep going in
to where it look like a very defined
contour but not too fake looking I'm
going to do a little bronzer up here on
my forehead area this is a translucent
powder this is it I know all y'all said
I never I didn't use it the last time on
jasmine um but honestly loud you into so
I don't like the way it looks but ought
to try again just see I'll look i'ma
just use my Beauty Blender to put it on
here and this is basically I guess
supposed to set your contour to where it
don't crease and stuff so just a look
so someone went into and right here I'm
on forehead oh yeah so what I got that
bacon I'm going to whoo-hoo all right
um now I'm doing that I'm going to
actually I'm going to actually start on
my eyes so I already put concealer on my
eyes y'all so I'm just feel like a base
on there that's in neutral and I'm going
on to you this next palette I don't know
the balance call but I'm gonna just use
it and I'm going with a neutral color
like right here in the middle at the top
I'm going to go in with this color which
is a little bit darker on my lid to give
it some more color so I just took a
quick little break real quick I'm sorry
on this try to do more on this eye on a
destructive translucent powder all right
oh yes since I get that off I'm going to
continue on my eyes um I'm gonna speed
it up a little bit damages y'all just
gonna see what I'm doing my eyes so I'm
going to start by going to the creases
on my eye with a dark color from the
foam from the max out ahead and then
yeah I'm going to put some goldish stuff
from the other Mac palette on my lid and
then I'm going to use a darker color on
the outside just to hope that you know
pop a little bit more then I'm going to
take the other Mac palette ahead and use
like a lighter color on the inner
corners of my eye
wake me up a little bit blend it I'm
going to outline my lips really quick we
cuz they look real I don't know
ashy so I got my lips um how I wanna I
want to be too much too dramatic now
imma just what I'm gonna do is on gold
concealing the outsides over here real
quick actually do my liner first then
conceal it on the outside
y'all keep in mind I'm really really
really trying to do better Moline I
can't do it perfect that's what I'm
working on so don't beat me up our goods
so now since I worked so hard on these
wings which I still don't think they
look good that's why I just don't want
to be a beauty guru they don't look like
everybody else's look but I'm going to
go a little bit more on my nose with the
contour and then after that I'm going to
use a little blush from NARS
are you all so now what I'm going to do
is go in where's the blush brush with
the NARS blush that I have got it's like
a peachy and I really really really like
it it's going come just so it all look
like to live like the contour and then
glow this is going to go in between my
glow in my contour and I like it because
it's really like rosy it is not too rosy
you also go over Rosie we're not too
rusty I'm sorry I'm just me it can be
nobody else with me I'm not really oh my
god I'm going to want to that frickin
I'm not that's how I do it this is how I
thought okay so hit your toy alright
everyone's like this you go on now let's
take this champagne pop side back up put
it go all over my face this is what
laughing excess dust dustiness
on my face
can I finish I want to but look like I'm
fresh off the casket or whatever but
just hide you want make up your like I
said run okay guru um I want to you know
be better can I want to go ahead and
sleep and just even though they're
already late
Wow it is are you late but I'm go ahead
and sleep them a little bit all want to
be a model here that Oh a clean hit it
okay hit it
okay hit me I'm not such a big Gemma
lies juice Pinto be hit a so so I went
ahead and I sleep my edges y'all and
Angelica see this is my makeup for today
kind of got a little rosiness in my eyes
but um I'll be childlike you know char
enjoy D like I said if y'all have any
pointers let me know because I don't
feel like I did a really really good job
but um I mean I did enough to go out and
look good so yes this is my makeup this
is my after makeup let me know if you
know you guys want to see more stuff and
that's about it I'm up to get dressed go
out and I love you guys so much for you
squat make sure you comment like
subscribe if you haven't subscribed yet
and that's about it I'll see y'all later
man hold on wait a minute no I did not
close the video out and forget to do
something you all right this has been
doing finish it by NYX um
setting spray and I'm going to just
spray on my face real quick to set it
all right one two three let's go this is
a dewy finish y'all I'm just Fanning I'm
so sorry I forgot to do that um retarder
so yeah that's the last thing that I
wanted to do with this is great to give
it a nice moisturizer look and it look
better even already y'all so yeah hope
you guys enjoyed it hope it don't look
like a drag queen gotta go again bye
right now you're not Buddhist and then
Christy I'll see
