right now you will not hold a gun being
Chrissy I'm still up and we got perfect
Lance up in the cut we all at the
airport right now
we all share for right now let's fly to
LA y'all we almost missed our flight
trainer mind they miss they like their
new successor than they've laid what I
got coming on soon yeah we want to
elevate the recorded song I used to be
ro but yeah we want to LA to record a
song and then also i'm amita with a few
people that i've been wanting to meet
our way y'all see in the video so so
these are gonna be a little surprised
man lieutenant long go live with us amen
dead John crazy discord because
everybody birthday my birthday John when
we woke up we had a restaurant nobody is
it would wake up tomorrow morning back
across 40 pounds later that's alright I
know I have my warm fish and oh no Tommy
I go through this long PSA and after
that they all about to be running to
this doggone babies run into the game
over look how long is my
ah what you want to do would you know
maybe maybe while I'm arm goes ready for
the party so we close with us an opening
I can't believe these because we were so
Peter is currently jamming to our maybe
songs I'm going to beat everybody in
line is let Hannah hey you say anything
he took money so we finally went through
security
thank God I have to get stopped and
forget no I'm begging you yes oh yeah I
have a good head down CJ's back there
he's still living to the beat we got
perfect lives here on our way there oh
then we gonna be late well no no our
clique that we did in 45 listen let's go
to Arkady was going over again eh yeah
we need to get some kind of next or like
some gum because one we admire yellow
Michael my ears pop to my best thing
really on the play man
waiting to pull off say hi boy he lives
in throw me say we still waiting to be
noticed about my radio in los angeles
prefix is very precise pieces with the
doctor for teapot the plane is finally
moving sometimes licensing laws going
slow right now
and start going back let me show you how
I take off I've never been played sadly
about to take off
thank you
I'm
additionally our way - really chosen
because you 70 times by your feet Iran
directly below me optionally for the
open long grass like story because we
have a lot final times chicken - Samson
is behind you
Jocelyn you back everything
living
man so we probably back in airport man
we just landed in LA
that was a long flight wasn't evade a
long ride and then I edit a hope you
might wanna play yes
hey I should edit the video go to the
blog yeah but yeah man we bought
probably buckets on the eat now
it's a lot of eaten places a billion so
you cycle do something eat and then I so
Kristen beat I think I'm a techie he
wasn't bigger with anyone he wants a
bigger be here like like a little bit
ago like this yetiz night between
elevators did you I know thank you
so you know I can't be in LA looking
like no raccoon so I had to go you know
do my face up just a little bit yellow
consoling a little glow you feel me then
I got my little hot away and I got my
little cute little blast to go on you
know the time if you need it is needed
these are cute yes because just when we
coming up to me like Oh what happen to
that you
yup is me and I'm looking good right in
the flesh boom I'm about to get some
snacks though because we can to get our
baggage and we can't even go back into
the airport area because of security
reasons so I'm gonna have to pick some
up next and get some on
I don't know how some hot chocolate some
time ago get suddenly do I'm currently
trying to figure out what I want to get
I think I want some I don't know I want
some looking for some coffee or a hot
chocolate all of them salted caramel I'm
acid agony salted caramel the hot Jack
was a good works out this our mocha
cappuccino with something to do
did you make the coffee yourself did you
put which one so I went to go get me
something to drink and I got a I think a
caramel latte
yeah a caramel latte and then I got me
on a mistake I me a bagel with some
cream cheese and then I'm addicted to
Chris crust crunch light so i got google
chris i and then i also got me a comment
her shoes were you only waiting on
armand and tray right now and they
should be here and went what do they fly
get here they just land it is our
monitor i just just landed so we're
going to see them soon so we got my bro
tray and our balloon you know we got the
whole crew over here dang dang dang come
on over yeah I used to be broke where we
all were so horrible
hold on man cuz these ever done even
know what they do but we are filing here
y'all and over not here was already been
here but finally in over and we
encounter baby we unrolled we met all
row you little midnight don't funny
outhouse yeah the cranky folks look over
here just talking right now rode on the
prank parade but you did it in it may
not look good we go take the rest of the
hey I think you see the game I'm on the
rest of the banquet - oh please
why why do percentage of the mass of an
onion so I think you go weenie over each
other we move this our house this is
rocky then okay good uh no sir what a
hottie
trade volume I wanna drive you baby
one man in your function know why don't
you be a Spartan living when the host of
it not like the time anyway right right
oh yeah
oh it's only receiving one anything good
yeah my work one maybe he don't know
like the peewee Hindi collection why why
is it like this
manse where you had man we in over thank
God you got air - whoo I don't know
about here is hotter than a witch's
titty Fisher Road a road without hear
the song hell no it's hotter than the
devil's Tonio when tomorrow dear Casey
broken all the but hey Rodney but yeah
we headed to the bank real quick our
mind time buddy wants and eat I don't
know just how much money do we be honest
with I'm not gonna want to eat to get
out 100 computers almost like a sand
pile of loosing to clean I'm a lot of
you some piece of work that a nanny we
want some tea on Sunday
normally two little Scotch agree more
Anna man Oh Roscoe Gina waffles
for real so much call the country record
rate the former dishonest well they got
a green say guys how far the reviews I
got in Hollywood if I'm working on our
street money 100 and I ain't gonna bail
on my bed I can always live away from
here it's like like to me thanks in
Virginia so we are currently walking
into the studio as I said we've come out
here to drop some hits
well actually dropped one one big old
hit me are montre my honey Chris and
it's not about to be late we bought the
we want to recorded but it looks mean I
love taste in mouth water but but here
you all want to go work where everything
is work you feel me g m-- a lot of taste
and smell and air in water and crush ice
knowledge on outside what is like laser
tag
what is that this show you look like a
studio man mammy are cruising took the
dog is nat bro aegis we just went to
sleep the world look kind of sleepy
right now but we just want to sleep and
train our mind was recorded for the
longest but we bout to go ahead and
start on our song because they was going
there
oh I like that room
Miami here was if a dog negligent oh so
glib a did I gave my baby foot massage
that's how good boo boo oh man so my bro
enough oh really important break the
break
I know that it's not good I need some of
that
Riggins Allah it is really and we lit me
and Hollywood in LA so what's up buddy
so we still in the studio recording
y'all christening your foreign Devils
beautiful little jazz overlooked your
way to go okay listen dad's asleep real
quick zoom don't do I want to buy there
with you buddy
my mighty buddy
bye-bye man we've been in the studio all
day jobs and Chris really just got me so
good with the freaking keep it a whole
life snake on me like bro that was so
pretty and bold but I got you I got
Chris I promised a guy it was gonna be
when he least leave least expecting I
promise you bro but I'm I said to just
get it vlog y'all I got a lot of stuff
coming because I'm in LA and I'm going
to link up with some people I promise
you y'all but they told me I just I
can't even blog the more I got in this I
love y'all you know and it's hard to go
down this war time I promise you I
promise you with working on right now
you're not focused on being Christie I'm
still
