right now you're not focused on being
Christy I'll still go what I work you
squat it's a girl queen being a code
words are good with another video so I'm
sitting in my car right now in perfect
laughs it's getting in my car
she's gonna whip hallelujah we bout to
whip it up okay we are on our way to
Walmart Walmart Walmart I'm dead haha so
yeah we on our way to Walmart and on
today what's the night because the
nighttime right now we're making well
we're making fried Oreos for my channel
and fried Twinkies for our channel this
should be a very very we want to learn
about this country yeah we don't desert
so we are about to go to Walmart and get
all the ingredients we need and come
home and cook it up all your mother
effer help us okay so that's about to do
I'm off to get to drive it and let's get
it yeah I'm happy
hey I am I decide I want to be recording
because I might get pulled over Oregon
to accident I will never be able to go
over make you so yeah y'all gonna be sad
that we can't make know Oreos you know
them you know crash and apart fall out
of the window so yeah we oh I'm let me
um
in the next clip yeah psi Walmart why
more so we're finally water and so
Walmart this is a neighborhood Walmart
y'all ain't nervous ain't never in the
neighborhood wall man go to this Walmart
look if green it's not even blue and
usually like the Walmart that I got to
be like blue and white this one is just
like right down the street it's more
like like all off a little program
yeah just free so about to walk in it
we'll get all the stuff that we need
y'all if I can take y'all with us
get a basket for you just take right you
don't
my old beard and booties
Hey
oh okay
that's a nice little bit chilly had his
bathroom you want this back
it will grab this master usually love it
there all better
all right for eyebrows still looking
good hell so I'm pretty sure the very
first thing we don't need for fry Oreos
if Oreos right so um assistant Walmart
and office is not there according to
survey close in 20 more maybe doesn't
smell so good right now there is over
6700 up close and 20 minutes ago go oh
wait do we get the baked egg mix oh
right here so we got the ancient mama
pancake me y'all my pinkies and my MA
but I was yes oh we need a pancake mix
we gotta get to Oreos yeah we got the
next I'll come on let's go vegetable oil
you gotta get there I think we already
got something but we just need to be
safe
oh and it's 228 yes ma'am yes ma'am
always is you already got one so yeah
I'm gonna get that one well and even one
baby oh my god I'm not looking for sugar
I'm looking for powdered sugar and here
it is right here
170 for baby rooty nice and sheet
emergency you know I want to I want to
do my stuff like how they do it the
carnival I don't know where the hell the
nutmeggy we look for the Nutmeg but we
can't find it so we just had got sent
him in so let's go
we got jazz over here with her camera
you feel me you know say we got me with
my camera over here at her blog like
what up hey I just got some of that good
old cinnamon I need you so much yeah I
got everything I need you smell oh oh my
god so he founded mother-freaking Oreos
I think I just want the original one
these our family size I was gonna try
try something different like the double
stuff or like the things in like the
mint one all snapped I got the peanut
butter one Seuss's oh that might just be
good they got the cinnamon Bella was ooh
cinnamon bun is integral of our analysis
maybe I want to just keep it original oh
these are red velvet was right here
nothing like its original Mac we will
keep it original man we just not stick
with the Orioles today see how they go
you already know boo we don't eat us eat
a pie but stripe bucks live up sign on
mixin look at me the milk I'm use the
milk got fine milk no right there there
we go great value baby save money live
better Walter the mother freaking second
mark okay I think we got everything
except for what okay
those guys need for you I don't forget
you're my cool minute coming here we
gotta find a baking powder I got baking
powder baking soda was that if it's the
team baking soda baking powder
that's why I'm older than all weight
course weight we're all baking powder
right here hey that's a doozy the people
is cheaper
thank you for our cupcake your soul
somebody please tell me in perfect
laughs what is difference between baking
powder and baking soda good we don't get
it I don't get it we don't know we don't
look look white to me get a bubble of
white they both look powdery ish so like
no little bit confused carry confusion I
think you know what no I think baking
soda is too clean sir
oh no that's not true because Lobby they
put cookies on a baking soda thing I'm a
little bit confused I don't know ma'am I
just don't know I don't freaking out
don't freak you know so we are about to
check out we got every mother freaking
thing that we motherfreakin me oops hold
on again stuff there we go we got
everything that we need
you know me about to go home whip it up
in that kitchen perfect laughs what you
think - let's get it let's get this
money
all right we'll see y'all back in the
kitchen
peace out what are you wha we are back
with another cooking video I got a girl
perfect and you blow me flattop inmates
Hot Cheetos 50 you know our message ends
I'll make another ghetto snitch again
you got to make some fries or y'all a
yes but hood and my suggestion is this
together this would be a real nice quick
and easy and fun and good meal what you
want okay but you know you know it's
always a nigga interrupting your mood
tell me oh well I was in sign language
in a very where's all good but as you
want to tell them what we got
okay we have these nicely milk favorite
cookie Oreo yes it's a new favorite song
mino know that favorite cookie but uh we
got Oreos we got what egg owned it gotta
measure closed and we want to be
proficient professional you don't say it
let me tell you something I used to
think black I mean you know I used to be
like you know what only white people you
you know measuring cups and bench
only thing you're right and this will be
all missiles yeah just right off to bed
everyone sing white people actually know
the hell they don't let me use a
measurement club so I'm ever admit I've
been measuring my stuff everything has
came out right so thank you white person
I look also got our pancake bear in a we
got these great great great dollars our
great great notion to have sugar yes
it's what I'm a covergirl comes Ohio and
is a family just just explain how
magazine okay thank you
we got our powdered sugar thank you
never because this is all we know uses
last like the very last 3d distance it
looks the look with the touch
yeah go ahead inside sauces we got to go
ahead and get that a would come well pin
can get better in it aint 1st ur going
this is a metal bowl yo this is a what
the ancient people used to use the
bathroom yeah yes better another had
folders oh so it would come from history
digging a hole in the ground and you
know taking a little leap to them like
actually using these kind of you know
mold but nowadays we were going to cook
Oreo pie Oreo cookie better you all
right so filled with the grief of losing
oh yeah I forgot to tell you because
it's a lot of my mind
we got the read back your cooking
sizzling up give me a warm plate no
double katana memorials it up you know
how to move I felt like um we're just
too open
Chris hearing what the day what the
thing I got my uh both it yeah Martha
Lizzie's I got the night I got it
is that press here and pull back
unfortunately Johansson don't make you
this Lindsay yeah
are you I was on the rescue with my
finger think about it break your neck
ultimate parkour board right I'll break
my jaw going up against you angel island
I can pay for my nails you do this and
so for instance here we go - ready -
come on since 1889 he's alright so now
we're going to do this play this egg out
of every cup boom put the egg there
because you can't get dirty because it's
inside we do one cook blinding us so you
don't do a lot of worry on your part in
school cook to help you
Jacqueline is you holy what is an extra
stuff you don't left I'm going to add
some extra hot cheetos or some extra
milk will make it to slice but wasn't I
correct in Crisco yeah so go ahead and
dump it in there you know alright not
necess alright alright alright let me
just look house Billy cuz looking at
that's where are you sure you go through
them it must feel okay so oh wait then
you've not gonna give me like ready a
little bit ball game joy just chicken
squeezing it is freaking artists
orthogonal to both neck all right so
they got our once left right they're
just trying to make free Oreo some of
them I'm always on edge so since you cut
it you hear it get nice and sizzling
back here so we got our one company area
add another color we can excavate never
have so many hackers one two enough
Oreos to go finish so then you don't
ever got add 1/2 of a know when I was
like I'm going add two weeks to it
alright born up should I be good right
the head writer what else hopefully
right there is good alright you know
that you got to add a how many cups of
course behind and right y'all who are
making we got about 16 people over the
same so we got to make the 'nope Orioles
or air to mind you know
helmet one - since I got a big people in
here you always have this one Exodus 16
people I had a good time to people who
are enjoyed by the cracker one of the
Eglin if you want to add another one we
don't go ahead another day we are right
on it you know now I'll put this up
start right here you know we are going
to take some with milk I need to
Thursday
yes oh no it's next row get 2/3 always
right here 2/3 come Rainier middle above
all right I bet you know what we got is
it but there is no whole milk yeah you
need 2/3 maybe 2/3 cups of a whole no
home at home and I'll begin it yes till
hell no give me Leo milk - presentment
almond milk 1% milk don't begin not even
a little hole titty milk from the cow
sitting down sitting there for me ok see
a nipple cow goes Moo because all you're
gonna we're not pilgrim milk you know oh
yes following because we're going to go
after anyway come here we do so this is
what in your bowl ok oh let's get my
eggs with a bit hey don't love it you
make the tsunami carbonyl with it up
with it God with a with it move huh it's
the 15 I got my hose down hey if he pick
up a cold cut what you know EBT bro
we've had five hundred eleven dollars on
a bridge car dog baby your wardrobe
I said what are the hottest we never
have a need to you about three honey you
know you know is it a win tomorrow too
bad because y'all remember when names of
the food that you become on as well yeah
midnight we used to be a weight on a
food basically yes how come oh yeah
maybe together might be Smith foo left
to really make your ancestors room
before you I know what the healthiest
all of you being there like you need to
eat up out of this neck all this neck is
now we need to go really be everything
we've had honey mines party and revived
zebra take on my favorite ramen noodles
okay here we have everything all the
mysterious contracting peak rolls
enormous pieces so see those pieces you
do needy oh just look at that is not you
that looks good and that's our batteries
yes they are better than ice rich cream
look so let me show you off opposed the
nice wrist cream look oh yeah no I'm
working with yes so now it's how far
dipping these Oreos into the batter's
y'all are low we did it please women
should we do it over here
video moving on the brain of camp over
here you all bring techno model one
second alright we find on the other side
of the kitchen yard is we want to drive
a speech I would put you know the
cookies in the batter and then wait yes
the cookies in it better a matter into
the green bar is a low go low low and
enjoy this go our way to look ahead and
let me just show you a little bit of
control Awards mummies he was part of
hotter battle vehicle here going into
the first moment on dip it in here we
don't be y'all more closer be weapon if
you have a disability or I'll just let
me know to any in and then we just want
to go ahead so they drop it in here
alright okay now we'll turn that file no
because you want to turn it doesn't want
to be like cooking oh okay so right now
we got this one frying in here it just
does got in here and then we got hurt
over here dipping the Orioles more into
the batter and it was gonna watch it put
it over in here to ready sister you got
to carry the ball over cuz you don't
want to be here you don't want to drop
it everywhere everybody's gonna drop it
in their hand
see look at this is
we don't wait to get like golden brown
then flip them over and then we just
gonna keep on doing and put you and put
all on John's up in here it is like be
good yeah it's gonna be really hard you
know my niggas already no money already
no no no no no more time with that moan
cause own in microphone yeah purchase
deaf target that's called the shoulder
breaker right here we don't get animated
how the soda breaker the only one you
just gonna break that could be so you
can be eating Oreos we which is got dip
them in there and flip them all over
here we bout to do that real quick and
then we'll come back when the Oreos are
browning inside of the hand and so I'm
about to flip these over because they
floating yeah all right there we go you
see how I look like a little ball right
there yes soon as I start slowing up you
got flip them over and then keep
flipping them today great golden brown
she's gone some more up in here hey I
got a feeling he's gonna take good to me
too I got a villain specially with that
powdered sugar whoa
and look at that one house is very old
cool oh god I'm so freakin good
oh my god we dip it in there on the guy
so freakin gooey oh oh that's a nice
little ball right there the city's week
off oh it's like mostly black people
right let's image like real you know
really good people people you know we
ain't gotten and we never had in life
when y'all be asking why people not
flexible why people getting some stuff
it's because we looked up so we looked
up to the reference or something we was
little we looks up to weighing in them
you don't got a great we want to have
you know the Rolex in the right you
really want to have a car you want how
to houses you want to go spin racks on
my mama just because I right right
I want to look out for my mama that says
yes the most when he was going to watch
your mama struggle he watch a moment I
never have nothing heck he is if I said
when I really really liked making making
you like I mean people think I really
liked maytee maytee I may be missing
y'all we got a long way to go
that's why I feel I was working like
this that's why week 11 and doing all
this stuff what we do it one because we
love it you know but we do it because
everybody got a hustle you know I'm fans
oh hey look we got a work now looking at
oh good look at this man I look good oh
my god oh good on the back be ready to
be fluent their head they look good at
it uh-oh I hear feedback he gone what's
on - yah yah - drillbit much as when we
doing a good job over here you cooking
it up and I need air we got the cook
fried Oreo real I'm making it like it's
a hard thing to do what was that the
carnivals and stuff how my minute how to
be are easy money easy money don't say
it or make it easy braid video hoop in
the corn will make example I don't know
that one of my eyebrows is bigger than
the other one
this one is thicker oh no make a higher
arch yes I got a practice on this one I
think I look cute to be honest today mmm
us another one let me stop for something
hater be like Queen you ugly you spent
you got a double chin who are your
subjects trademark is ever going to
introduce you to into yourself not let
me tell y'all I'm just look I'm just I'm
just trying to get to a place where I'm
completely confident cut guess what
everybody has been securities including
me okay so when I talk about myself and
I feel like I'm feeling myself and I say
I'm feeling myself that won't mean that
I'm conceited just me you know I'm in a
good mood right now
plus I'm about to get some Oreo so I'm
you know X right Oreos I Oreo they set
me you know was it references first so
not as diabetes soon they're going to be
eating a bullet what we like
oh yeah well you like that but look we
bought the on take these out and then we
bout to show y'all the face part the
finished product and you know put the
powdered sugar and stuff on there so
yeah watch for the next clip money goes
Manny look good as hey I know I told
y'all come back with a minute buddy
oh no you waiting for something day why
you got a sock on your hand baby say hi
you want some fried Oreos say fried
Oreos
wait what the hell your mouth Jeff
Potter doughnut was your own crack okay
okay okay this man I don't look good
look at you John's out hold on I'm at
the hillford so my sister's put out the
last one yarn you already know we bout
to do we back the doctor it up a little
bit we put some powdered sugar on there
boys and what you say is on deuces
that's all we need that's allowed yeah
that's all we need Howard Berman oh no
this was little Smith it why am i
everything we make for the first time is
good I don't know balut man and the
delicious blend another POTUS is on his
way yeah yeah what the don't you think
that I'm cookie cutter busy boys who are
you oh my cookie Babu it looks it looks
like you already have one yeah you open
baby go bye-bye go play go go watch you
laptop okay poopoo
okay I love you all right you know the
sprinkle a little powdered sugar on all
of that you are saying my gonna love it
I mean it was good like the ones at the
carnival you feel me Oh food Oh but
today it arrows everywhere all of these
gone and as I look good in it smell this
oh yeah I do smell very good
oh yes nice and lightly powder yes not
too much not too little
well everyone yeah we make sure get on
area one Italy life it's about it's
about you it looks like a snowball and
on it yeah it looks good
real good and we did a good job sis
whoa oh my god oh yeah well right there
right there right there by the middle of
friggin Oreo
all right y'all we're gonna go ahead get
ready but it tasted like I know how to
use rocket all right you know that we
can't eat the Oreos without no milk milk
man but to me that's new favorite cookie
yes longer after that you got a nice
little you know coating on there to what
pancake mix like how good can I get so
we both got to taste the finished
product about to see from what I know is
you know give it up but you ready send
it on wireless again you've got heart
it's a tip like the curtain one loose
nut I'm joking I'll go popular and
probably when I grow up I'll know since
this black do spell these flat I know
last thing I'll do this at home kids
laughs Nina yeah hard to make oh yeah TJ
I'm not forgetting so nice face come on
ma
mmm all right I'll make sure everybody
go subscribe to my girls perfect laughs
Harland will be in the description and
she's also doing fried Twinkies with me
on her channel too so maybe I faced over
text a bottle if you guys have not
canards my channel make sure you
subscribe and the link wait this is my
vision of coming soon does my channel
don't because I don't know just like
nigga tired right now y'all releases you
know PR tomorrow
and difference driving my channel and
give me all of them give us all the
times that we do that and if you don't
love us together and what we do in our
vibe give us even more sense but let us
know what were y'all wants to do to get
it so we bout to um yes go go go to the
second video what you be saying pretty
easy right now you're not told it done
then Christy I'm still
