right now you're not funded being
Christy I'm still going
what's that Roxie gang it's a girl queen
being cut once again what is up royalty
gangwish after game what is up with you
squat sugar queen being a cut-set was
another video so apparently I'm actually
inside of the bathroom inside this
little Mexican restaurant they told me
that had these customers in order to use
the bathroom so I left out and then I
came back hands and you went straight I
said bathroom because one I got a p2 we
don't have to tell me I can use the
bathroom so I just gotta use the
bathroom in entrees exit outside waiting
on me and he's gotta wait in those
periods like last time usual to come
with me and get his spirit with mine but
he was so scared so now I'm about record
him giving his peers and he Sydney in
trade and Chris in our mind it together
- I think they was going to hear Qatar
something like that but yeah and then
evident we don't want to a little kinky
store hello kinky kinky stores yes oh I
got my bro here we found him a tattoo
shop but gang gang but um he Santa his
piercer is not here at the moment it's
all trade I'm all you want to go to a
different one so is that what you really
want to do Bourbon ale where were you
yeah so we probably bout to just get
back in the car drive to a different one
I was gonna show you got a little store
over there shut us out of the store
first so yeah we bout to walk into this
little this little store
and I'm not gonna figure out whether I
survive something from here not because
this load knife love King kilo store
you
yeah look at this stuff they got a
little like low nasty oil oil away would
you go say I said it
you got to hear that
so not the ones who don't get it through
younger than by here's the other go
right up there and get some cookies up
there you know what good is coming up
others out there y'all when you get it
like that Yahoo and female like y'all
release York if y'all really need a
female and y'all can come in and get it
right there boom no way do we have to go
to another time yeah planning it so you
have to get um hypnosis
it's my infant and not all like nervous
I want to hear it either bro all those
years what the wait a minute I don't
like a real kid
hi he wants a nose piercing
is this a real cat oh my god I look so
scared so bro is having a hard time
picking which side you want to pierce
his nose I told him this side everybody
OC on this side so I guess you gonna get
that side bro you ready for his pain
it's not that bad he's gonna poke with
your nose
ain't gonna get the tears I want to like
right here
however it was before mm-hmm
brought you a like is what the no no I
know no no it's out of my nose
see also take a deep breath I don't
don't lean back all right deep breath
okay breathe I saw the other day roads
are fairly filling right there don't
hold it right there don't do any got
this here or nothing I do
Chindi it's how you cleaning Oh yep so
dope and water I have to bacterial
liquor so I'm gonna keep it significant
roll it around on the head up outside
just go around the edges that's it I
never give a little mine I'm bleeding
yeah everybody's it's awful oh yeah yeah
good F is Revere sick bro y'all see that
try that you can see it livers always on
side junkless please no that's real I
just seriously wait wait you didn't yes
it moved like a look Dana maybe he was
me oh I just seen him he doesn't move
they got all types of stuff over here
young man so I just randomly randomly
y'all know I'm such a random person I
randomly decided to get braids so I'm at
the break up give us embrace to the
bathroom yeah he he randomly decide to
give his grades - yeah oh hi so I'm
currently getting my hair braided and
she's doing such a good job and I love
it and it's almost done and Trey he got
his hair braided but he had to get it
redone because he don't like it he's
like his here at the top it's like not
good bro I'm zooming in on you
bro hi okay you know I just love trade
because you know what anything nothing
else along with me like sitting come
until my hair get done that's a true
loyal that's a true loyal brother right
there you feel me geez be chilly Gang
Gang saw my braids are finished and I
just gotta put on makeup and stuff and
he got his bravery done they look better
way better big game he did my braids
he looks cute I'm gonna put some hoop
earrings in now and you know my makeup
you want a pictures no yes oh okay y'all
so literally I this is like this this
clip right here is about three days from
the last clip I literally left my camera
at the braiding stop and yesterday I
didn't go get it actually no two days I
didn't go get it because they had closed
by the time I had to go get it and I
didn't record a video yesterday so I
basically get it is two days later and
Trey let me see oh no bro I miss you he
said you want to go back to testing shop
to have them take it out because the
ring literally sink in his nose he's a
beep elected into a right foot him to be
paying you know that money so we got to
go back here so whatever we want you to
like create opportunities oh yeah he
want to stop we get a pizza because he
always hungry I'm hungry sudo because I
hate which always you know on that issue
is me to those okay to be saying so
right now we walk in Bob to go keep the
little seed industry
okay you want to be silver so I want to
go anybody get like a deep dish's come
to my soon I think it's still like lunch
hours some of these days still got that
lunch do what the for the voice license
at a deep dish and then Aggie okok drool
about our sama see I've got a lunch
combo
honestly
I'm sitting here like just waiting this
vlog is probably kind of like all over
the place because like nothing really
crazy happen but I promise y'all the
next video I think I want to upload it
on I think I want to do like a a chit
chat thing everybody was asking me to do
like a something about knives whatever
but I might put a twist on it and
address to it and we might do like turn
ons and turned off likes about growth
and guys and might have like a little
talk about it so tune in to the next one
and yeah
that's about it you guys so I'm off to
eat and hopefully you guys just enjoy
why would you enjoy this no because it
was over I love you I love everybody on
this one thank you guys so much for
getting it 200k and I hope that people
continue to subscribe my channel and
oh my have some good so come afield I
got it just write it down and figure out
what all you know what all is going to
do it so continue to play the comments
which I want to see okay oh my god oh
good
yeah god
oh so freaking good bro ain't Aziz is
real good
I know I told y'all it - Leslie hurt
that way gently so anyway yeah I know I
said that I was done filming and I'm
gonna put this over the head just do
food warm payoff because you know this
piece is amazing
it's deep dish right all right I'm on so
we here just have to stop I know I know
I said that it were in but we heard the
type of stuff Ambrose bro scared to take
it out because he feel like no y'all
like it so hard I'm not look no y'all
look so I I just they have a problems
with this jump since I forgot it he came
over I think you get the other side
piece and then just leave that one out
because I don't want to hold my nose
like this will open Indian I got it my
dad mom Clara no for me on the other
hand they said and my piercing was not
made to fit my nose because it's is this
is not for the show basically so now I'm
thinking about just put another piece of
jewelry in there what do you think bro
shut up yes well done all you like to
come back now so you can use big right
now
oh yeah hurt yet I don't hurt ought to
take it out and hurt a bit
you'll make you wanna cry no it just was
like a like you could really fight I'm
scared I'm be he talked about put mines
me putting a new one in mind it might
hurt the same way huh don't shoot
incident because I just like this one
I've been doing in my mind having
respect honor huh
what mom's calling
so okay Trey you got his sticking out
and then geography a hurt and I'm about
to get my note I don't know
getting a piercing first leg and now he
got to leave the blood there y'all like
he has to leave the blood there but for
me he said this is not supposed to be
showing right here because I have to
keep pushing it back up and so he said
that's not good
so they're just going to redo my to the
holding of the ring in in like twist
right right now yeah also he want me to
talk them out so October 2 at 2:00 and
Houston Texas they're going to do my
redo my knows the right way but um okay
if y'all want tattoos or piercings come
to virtue tattoo virtue does vir see you
east tattoos I also I'm not to go to do
and try you want record me instead here
you can just record house here okay so
let's hope I did you cleaned off here
haha have you tilt your head back for me
and outside and I'm going to do my very
best to make you change possible haha
that's out of there we're talking here
yeah your it might I don't know my
advice and then won't like I said our
jury comes straight out we're going to
bend it so itchy purposely put your head
back for me I'm going to bend this to
fit your nostril okay okay so you won't
be able to see you will not be able to
see any more you'll be much happier and
we guarantee them to generate the
setting for life so if you ever lose you
Jeff we replace it up question down
right it's anarchy is an innovation
purpose because a little bit different
because it could be City cut your nose
hang out you know so just feel like a
booger but not look like a booger
come and let me make sure that Phoenix
afterlife for these children that we
know more I don't know what wiggle
around it first that's it turn your head
down how's that feel this like a booger
but small burgers okay
do you serve you also predicted like
because it do you get that feeling I
know it looks like you Lisa doesn't
swamp you crystal so I like that you
know Jordan better than this absolutely
together to pay for right okay yeah okay
yep we're sorry Rupert
Gulliver - guys - look out - this look
higher Oh up your PC he's thinking about
Omiya his melting Pierce on the other
side what you want to do bro
what shot do what you do think he should
or you think you should wait up for you
guys if that's a you honestly bro like a
net but once it close is it going to
make a garden no there's none so you
should just go because on in fact so the
view keep piercing ethane tower over and
over again you're gonna keep your Smith
burger
so currently I'm looking at this house
with my bros our monetary are moving out
here so we are trying to look at houses
to find out um what house they gonna get
and also Chris and I we're actually
moving to but I'm not gonna because our
address got leaked you guys but I'm
going to tell you I'm not gonna tell
nobody where we
because we don't want that to happen
we're not going to show our neighborhood
but I just want to do a load and see off
real quick this is my happy dance okay
so ready what to go do sometimes when
they don't like my raise I like my
braids I felt like I look more tough you
know like I'll freakin beat up you feel
me
magnetars so yes they're freaking Bo so
yeah um we just got home turn on my live
echo and my baby's my hubby boo-boo my
love my sweetheart everything is right
there he might the lead back out and
take his computer back because he paid
$2,000 per day and it's already acting
up can you believe that can you believe
that and my baby is over there asleep
right now so I'm also just in this vlog
you guys and hopefully you guys enjoyed
it that's just how everything went and I
have more stuff coming for y'all I'm
going to do a video actually I might be
doing a video doing Christmas makeup or
something like that so stay tuned for
that and I hope you guys enjoy the
mother freaking vlog okay I love you
guys so much more
