right now you're not being crispy I'm
still going what's that royalties quite
us a girl queen beat in a cup once again
with another video so it is early in the
morning actually not that early it is
about 11:00 in the morning y'all and I
literally just woke up not too long ago
probably about 10:30 at like 30 minutes
ago I woke up I was doing something else
but I haven't brushed my teeth yet I
haven't done nothing yeah I'm just even
a real job because today I'm doing a get
ready with me video people have been
requesting me to do this I always see a
lot of other girls do to get rid of me
video and I have music in the background
that are that so I'll make sure I put
some music in there for y'all and you
know just speed it up a little bit so
y'all won't see me doing one thing for
too long but the first thing I'm gonna
do is get in the shower because that's
the most important thing you gotta smell
good no matter how cute your makeup is
no matter how freakin slay your hair is
you gotta smell good and your breath got
oh good so the very first thing I'm
gonna do is take a shower in this shower
right here of course you're not going in
there because I want y'all seen my
goodies but yeah I'm going to take a
shower to figure out what the heck come
over today actually I might just put on
something like bummy for right now after
I got the shower until after I get done
with my makeup so yeah this is a lot
currently got on right now it's cute
ain't this cute I got it in Atlanta
actually Bianca had bought it for all
the girls so like a gift from her - oh
so you just must assign we're in the
road and I've listened to one out a
little bit because it's still morning so
excuse that is will
today I will be getting my nails done so
I'm get let's give this video going
right now
so literally literally literally just
got the shower cleaning myself and yeah
I have to stay in there for about a good
30 minutes just because give up so so so
good so when I'm at the gym now and dry
myself off and um brush my teeth because
I have not brushed my teeth yet usually
I know it's weird but I would brush my
teeth in the shower
I just want to brush my teeth outside a
camera for more footage so that's what
moms do right now and have to where I am
going to start to condition my hair and
then diffuses because I'm wearing curly
today so let's go
now since I brush my teeth and I did my
little mouthwash so my best won't be
funky I'm allowed to take this natural
film and keep sweating this coconut
gorilla cream is applied to my forehead
so that I can get my curls hop in and
detangle it but first notice when I
brushed my teeth up to reconcile meat so
I'm bout to go ahead and do a little
quick little favor real quick for my
underarms and then I'll be here in my
hair now since I got these pits nice and
clean and shade I'm going to take my
camp cool shape whatever it is cancel
shea butter on coconut curling cream and
then apply it to all of my hair and get
it nice and moist and conditioned and
then I want to take my diffuser and I
want to get my hair nice and goofy and
gross
now that I've done pretty much like
making my hair get curly or whatever and
diffusing it I'm gonna let the resident
dry on itself and I'm about to go throw
on a shirt and some hands or whatever
and then start to do my face for today
with my little young dandy makeup bag
and then y'all will be I'll do my
eyebrows and everything today I want
more natural look I'm not trying to do
too much the eyeshadow cuz I'm Cree just
going to do more videos today and
they're probably why I'm here so that's
about it and get my nails done so I'll
be right back with a shirt on
I own this place I wanted to throw my
look for today y'all only thing I'm
doing is honestly I said just a natural
today but I just want to show you guys
how I do my eyebrows whatever I'm
positive going through my eyebrows and
put on just a little foundation in on
and you know concealer in and that's
probably about it for today because like
I said I would say that for another
video like eye makeup tutorial myself
I'm just show you how I do my eyebrows
really really really quick so yeah I'm
gonna give a little cheap little la
colors um Family Dollar eyebrow powder I
got and I'm going to take my angle brush
or whatever and then I'm a dead on the
black and then what I usually do is just
like basically fill it in and make sure
I stay inside the line and then when I
do the consider on the outside it will
give it like real undefined look I
haven't got my eyebrows threaded or wax
since honestly it's been like a month
now a month or two actually yeah I have
it done in two months so I'm trying to
stay away from it and just do well I'm
just do that I got that done now I'm
gonna fit in outline my eyebrows with
the with micro conceals in um I'm
understood that I must be dead up real
quick
now since I did my brows I'm going to
just go in with my Mac Studio Fix and
I'm going to go in and just give myself
a little color foundation because I'm
going to Little Pill then after that
obviously I really don't want to do
nothing else to be honest I'm just put
up some Carmack's or some kind of colors
I'm glad one do no lipstick today or
anything I don't get a little bit
natural I know y'all probably want to
need to do like a bunch of makeup or
whatever and just to just come selling
your house wanted me to do like a whole
makeup
um thing on myself but I'm like I said
I'm saying that for another video
because um today I just don't want to do
too much lip we got a we got something
singing though today we got more videos
to do for the Kristin clean channel and
I literally just woke up this morning
just to get this one out of the way
because I know I really never had time
for my own channel so um yeah this is
all I'm really doing
and I don't know do anything - no I
don't think I really need too much more
of this on my my next - so my faves no
the corner - - Nick look ways and then
I'm going to clean my nose pierced and
the solution is now stairs towards but
um that's really all I'm going to do
today and I'm awake myself up I mean
every day goes further like maybe these
bags will go away under my eyes whatever
but I'm not too worried about that I'm
just add some Carmack's cuz I'm fine my
lips come with white and Chet and I just
want like a moist glove you look for
mileage so this is definitely not what
I'm wearing today cuz crystal show me
but I'm going to just put all my weight
what I'm going to wear today so
I'm about to show you on the outside
that I went today so I finally finished
getting dressed y'all and doesn't see
this is what winter and I'm wearing a
little Jean overall short then
underneath I'm wearing this like one big
it's kind of like sheer actually I was
in the light a little bit more to see my
fall outfit hold on let me give you all
a better view of my outfit I might put
this right in the window excuse my Romeo
excuse my wrong hallway it needs to be
lowered this is my floor I'll thank you
guys I got arms of gladiator sandals
they're black and I have tons of one be
aware we call it and this is literally
everything I don't want to right the
shoulders the back of my legs too much
to that I'm like the cellulite I ever
have so you light and darkness back
there I'm trying to give that together
but um yeah this is my full body outfit
you guys and um I put on a little heart
chokers and like I said I didn't do too
much makeup today I put on some hearing
but I kind of wanted to look natural
today um yeah pretty much this looking
at writing one or eyeliner or nothing
and I also got these little cute um
glasses tip little honey you know cuz I
do plan on going out and get my nails
done and I got these I got all this
stuff from a store called I gotcha I
gotcha
l9 outfit it's a a app how it should be
GA to eat a got tea or something like
that and it was expensive it's a nice
like it's a nice Christ or like forever
21 and yeah so this is my get ready with
me video and I hope you guys enjoyed it
and um don't worry I still have make a
video come in I just don't want to do
makeup today and um that's that's all
excuse a nasty dirty growing a bit good
looking trifling back there but I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and put in
the description what you guys want to
see more of and um give me
ideas person videos and I'm done so I
love you Roy to squat make sure you use
that subscribe button if you haven't
subscribed make sure you follow my
Instagram as well which will be in the
pen comment love you guys so much now
you're not old a big rift I'll still go
