right now you're not being crispy I'm
still going what is that what is why
it's a girl queen being a cup once again
with another video so it is about what
time is good 11:57
at welna a.m. but it might be 12 a.m.
you're what I'm about to do if cooked
it's going to be my first cooking video
on my channel and this is something I
actually never made before actually got
my girl perfect laughs with me she's
actually outside right now but we have
to go to Walmart in and get everything
we need for the hot cheeto chicken wings
I don't know what they're called but I
just know that the bread on outside is a
hot cheeto
what's up dad hey Dad game game in a
Walmart got a wall more pick up these
items hope to make this Hot Cheetos
chicken and also on her challenge is
going to be doing the high high speed Oh
nacho yes so we're gonna hold onto hots
up come up we host on probably yes I
believe all is gonna be on fire girl you
ever gonna be handsome play Monopoly
holes so we finally have arrived at
Walmart after a long minute be like
missing in the driveway who's been to
the drop of I know our mod and Trek
astray came in CJ green but our mind
decided that he wanted to ride the bike
we've been picking for groceries get
about to get these groceries and got
list so this knows where you're so cute
on me row if you begin to know this
should be in and out cuz we know exactly
what we need to get quite trying to sing
here we trying to get in and out and in
and out why I'm so late
the babes mommy bought who this light
dog and don't love these Nick guys got
bags a hottie oh right they should
happen we are currently looking for the
hot cheeto our brothers can't be real no
they do not not have hot cheetos wait I
see Cheetos right here but they don't
they don't have hot cinders what if I go
get the little bags in the front row
they should this can't be possible all
right well we might have to get the
Ogburn Hot Cheetos okay no pressure to
change no no is some more of it here or
don't get that Jerrod have gone is the
difference in cheese look at this ain't
it
remember I never seen the cheese a day
in my life clean where is a mother
freaking hot cheeto member cjs150
I think I know whose fault this is
this is trades are forgiven my dog a
popsicle in my car these babies are so
careful babies laughs CJ why you so
dirty baby love you birdies oh my god
they're cops girlfriend Rosa oh shut the
hell up shut up shut the hell up
ma we need white oh no are we to wash up
you need a car wash y'all cook actually
I live in it no we got a grind this got
a grind don't we just operate everybody
just presume yeah something to cook
right guys go food away no not in I
ain't ya bye eat it - it's okay you
don't have a flamin hot booty hole I'm
on no big chicken I don't want no big
check out on some Lane it was a link
yeah I want to win for her like slow
wean like I wanna go here wait this was
like just hit right here oh well yeah
they leave that off let's all write up
and she's got to get some ground beat no
steroids no antibiotics this little nose
ring keeps sticking out it make me look
like I got a booger in my nose now
meanwhile we found some lovin stanky and
hot cheetos and a big oh this is where
they were the whole time so how many you
think we need like to get by like two Oh
while I'm in the store and it's like I
do it too
and so we got everything we need in this
best yet I like to bag the hot cheetos
but I needed some a drink because I know
my body holds won't be like burning but
I have something very close to drink and
wash it down with we actually need some
bottles of water to be honest because we
ran out we'll look at what we had here
the great value pen three dollars for
thirty five bottles of water bro you
know what black people cannot keep in a
house for like over one day these kinds
right here
I'll always play calling it it might be
my husband many people so get old me I
should never brought y'all with me he
drink himself out the store way and pay
for he drinking stuff I'm tired of this
man it's like nothing I do the same
thing I can't even lie that's probably
disgusting green Apple Jolly when she
pops her a watermelon box sorry not me
figure to be filial to water memo for my
blessing go easy some are white just a
nipple watermelon on it they thinks I'm
glad people can buy it no not everything
want some points uh put the pump pump
pump burner come on some parts on
projects buh buh buh buh Nana you know
how all y'all girls be like I get all my
bras and Victoria's Secret well guess
what
get all my Fanny fight I get all my I
need 100 so I live for $100 guess why I
get my panties in my bras Walmart okay
heifer I'm saving all this money gonna
be on pants I need some more brawl being
with Walmart save money finless wall to
the frickin motherfreakin mutters I
refuse to pay $40 for one bro are you
serious
my boobs are not even that big to be
paying $40 for a freakin bra
toasted corn wrong toasted corn you know
who well y'all wonder on all the good
flavors on coma with man 'we are running
out of ideas man okay I musta got this
story but I'm not gonna lie this dress
is kind of cute and it's only 9 a VA you
know what you're like a Walmart like I
shop I should do a Walmart all more so
I'm a Duke a dress for Liz you can just
select oh my god different career oh
that is cute I must go my logic is if it
didn't try it on for y'all but tell me
why we get back and Kristen are mine is
gone like we like locked out the house
and my key for some reasons I've been
working I bust the windows out my house
and no I didn't see no ugly mouth I know
that probably didn't even make sense
but I am about to FaceTime hair
and all right so we are finally back
home after fricken coming our line so I
went grow up to in the morning
2:07 to Warner Bros and we are cooking
his chicken dedication right their
dedication and black people because only
a black bezel via a truly morning
cooking making some ha sido sick let's
get this over with look ok so first we
have our rich chicken right here you
know so we will just the wings and like
a little small like the relaxed in a
little small drum make sure you rinse
your chicken but no damn chicken don't
want to take out the packet and start
kicking with it yeah over here we got
our hot cheetos course became a hot tea
no chicken without oh here we got our
oil vegetable oil cause he's gonna need
some of us you know Sam is greasy also
you're going to need some milk
he needs some milk flour and there's
gonna be you know and you feel me didn't
tell us
don't forget your your all season and I
know another cup of season you use but
you don't need to season your flour you
don't want to plain flour it's all I'm
saying no oh Lord again so that it takes
20 ticket we really seasoned it with
salt and pepper and um and stuff now we
need everybody this sauce we need to
paddle rings ooh chili powder and pepper
you look at a garlic a little bit of
everything
first we go store with three cups of
flour let's go get that Pappas's was cut
right there will cut right here here let
me move this way up till cup of flour
let's you warm up Whitney one more to
make dreamwork three cups of flour so we
did no seasoning and is how we will see
now listen which is mixing salt you
don't want to like this because you want
to take it like that put in your hand
cuz you'll end up pouring the whole
middle and you know we don't need
nothing wanna pinch it you want to buy
it because you don't want to be too
salty you feeling and this is the pepper
down little sister you cancel it you
know
and although donation windows both
buh-buh-buh-buh bippity bop now we're
going to add some chili powders oh oh
wait fans put little pop Arisa bro we
really supports me to animate know some
got people a baby we got to keep it lit
every day we live hey you can't tell me
it let's melt good yeah what's their job
of all the peppers garlic powder right
and our there is a little mix it right
in our way go ahead turn on free fall so
we get it pump it in and hit the grease
pop usually you yellow carpet now we
just probably mix all this together you
still need so now you go meet the blend
those Hot Cheetos Iago bullies you can
see because Nick you don't even know are
hot cheetos do you again this will be
the last dry ingredient you make it
let's go ahead and add this yes John and
I see you can we need a little bit more
since you're a sport it come in just a
little bit more very close up a little
bit mo good a litany if you have a few
big chunks that all matter you know
saying everything is not going to get
super super tiny blended just as long as
you got mostly over hot cheetos blending
young will be okay so now we're going to
add our 2003 look a little bit lower
got one more ready to put in there
alright fine Dustin open insert abuse
right now little flour batter is looking
about your batter should look you don't
feel like I said not too wet not too
creamy but you don't get a lot of color
yeah a lot of color we do all that red
stuff so we just had a little bit more
milk and gotta see it was kind of sucked
at first but we had to add a little bit
more really man it's coming out with
Jeff how's the pulp to the others
chicken its we'll get them home feel
better so now we actually got them
frying right now finish one over oh this
is like how to finish one look so far
that's one of the wings at the very
first one we put in your yard and now we
are doing the rest and then we're gonna
crunch up the rest of the chips so we
can give it a
what is it crunchy layer Oh crunchy
layer on the outside yard today fryer
right now and she still some Betsy's the
better on today looking good yeah yeah
it looks good in it smell real good too
all right so most of Marfan just only
one more left in the oh wait that one's
many not really so this is what they
would like before we dip them inside of
the bread it crust or whatever it is the
friggin hot cheeto currency man but they
smell good and it turned out pretty good
to be the first time so the Box it dip
it in here and we bout to show y'all how
it looks
afterwards and then we both on taste
testing and repeat how good our first
hot you Hapkido chick baby hot chicken
baby right now she just up so we would
have got the lump it would have took a
little bit yeah probably discuss a
little bit we had a lime in here hey
just gonna look just a lot it's going to
ride man here is a finished product to
you man this look good I can't even lie
to you man we really did a good job
so now we better finally taste it man
you need a different place you go baby
all right I usually like drumsticks but
I'm gonna get a splat this time so it
was much easier so you ready to go in we
all do
still good yeah absolutely
good weakly good job yeah the truth
so yeah y'all we bout to do to eat we
make up watching this video and
hopefully we do some more collabs some
more cooking videos crap but we must be
out because it is 303 in the morning and
we like to record her in her video and
make these nachos and that's going to be
real quick so yeah thank you all for
watching do not forget to subscribe to
her channel which will be in the
description make sure to subscribe and
make sure to say I play right now you
are not going to be risky I'm still
