nice picture I knew you so nervous right
now you're not sold it being Christie
I'm still going what's up
loyalties women what that word is quite
it is a girl
queen is about 11 p.m. at night and I've
made a rational decision is that you
didn't make a spin I got my havana
coffee Chris she's driving me to get my
nose pierced and what made me want to go
on no serious it a couple days ago Chris
was hugging me he was looking at my
faces I bet you look so cute with a nose
piercing and I was like really
so I already thought that my nose would
look cute Pierce but I didn't really
know if I should get about you have a
mole right here so I didn't know how it
would look but since he like confirmed
it it'll be cute look so focused
okay I don't know what that was about
I'm going to go on over here and we
haven't really have you ate them all
we're at the mall earlier and winning so
probably after this I get something to
eat or whatever might be fast fast food
or some Emma short but I'm pretty sure
everybody not everybody fighting outside
tray was supposed to come with me to get
out there's two repairs again but he
said he's scared of the pain and I just
lunch dismal not the wedding so yeah you
always just arrived we just got here and
guess what does it call the electric
chair oh my goodness oh so I'm going I'm
in prison good that is not gonna be that
bad at all I mean it shouldn't
so yeah let's go inside recording is
about to take some money off so the coke
or the brilliant yeah we literally do
better in here hey they don't take Cara
so she put this attached oh thank you
yeah going down so I'm finally here
inside of the building it's really I
mean it's really really like colorful
and stuff like that but
I am so nervous and I don't know why I'm
nervous because I got like a whole brick
in almost I got a whole tattoo right
here and I got one right here and I
heard bad got my ears pierced and out my
belly peers would it fell out but I'm a
why I'm so nervous because of the nose I
guess because it was like harder than
the ears but they said it something like
only calm okay yeah they said it's only
like okay we've gotta fill up some
information so they said it oh sorry
they'd only take like half a second to
pierce do so no no they use carrot for
me you know you know that for me because
I'm a big girl
I'm good we'll go to the pillows evening
oh my goodness I was another touchy one
kind of scares I don't want to do to
notice it now so I better go look cute I
think it's gonna fit me I'm going to say
what we will do is Google neckl hurt I
heard your hands hurt because like your
bone oh man so Chris is going to record
me
we on a 30-minute wait so he can't
record me whatever when I'm give my nose
pierced
so hopefully won't hurt too bad at least
so Vincent here I think is about to be
mark
- good - appears he asked me if you got
some colors and no students and I think
I'm gonna get clear somebody else was
here she got a baby blue but I think I
definitely want clear because I won't
want to get it so cuz I his penis just
hurt and um the reason why his penis
hurt is because we were looking at these
frickin that is supposed to be like a
model of the penis with the reaction to
those work and in this level here the
vagina bro like I heard that is
satisfied like it held me loose
oh that's a long can they do it nice for
a million a million dollars oh I'm gonna
fuckin kill again how am I gonna sign
for home care how much money you offer
me about doing that really but it's
villagers night like it's like Oh got a
whole bunch of stuff man this ain't look
demonic over here bro how can anybody
get that right here little boy over here
oh that looks so demonic and devil and
evil here - real clue was attachment I
wanted you to the workroom I'm good with
my homeboys this we like look at the
time toilet is pointed downward
and below their name it is like the
electric chair me that's scary when I
see a home life so no oh my god is my
time because other girls came out so
that means it's my turn to go in
okay first I'm going to mark you and put
some dots over the mirror look at not
only where you like it okay I'm so
nervous
the door may borrow girls got it really
you don't hurt is it like real teacher
quick pinch I mean I can't talk about
time I got a good he tried today that's
how they do it
Susan oh yes I do in Detroit well like
what what's the bass knees or whatever
and I got that's not my nose the way the
jewelry is bent it will really interfere
with really anything it's not like metal
dog dog dog so after the pinch I'm not
meant to anything goes super pensioner
maybe a little pressure on it but the
jorian but no the only little filly
little cook will be the piercing I'll
take this long and the little poke is
very little okay
turn up Elodie I'm 21 I've been doing
this 22 years
oh wow he was at have half my age it
could be a couple nice things finally
Boehner did give me a couple feet deep
breaths don't move okay you're done
there's a finish huh part that hurts is
tradition okay you know it's oh boy oh
my god
can you lift your chin up a little bit
for me a little bit more oh wait gray
and you're done good job today
I don't hear nothing Wow cute usually I
thought I wipe it is it good oh your
honor
oh okay so don't look cute from you my
baby think I look cute that's the best
part about it definitely my god it could
be told me Alec you the kitchen up unit
you need or no look you mm-hm
like oh um is there a back there goes on
it did you see it before we put it in
now if this is the diamond it's bent
like this uh-huh
so this part is inside your nose and as
part is inside your nostril ah and then
here's the timing so oh yeah it's bent
like a screw so that way if it gets
knocked in a mosh pit it won't
okay now how soon can I take this like
take this out it take on a real small
ring like a roman wall like one month
okay so how do I care for just like this
cuz I'm Aaron okay so Quinn's has got
our nose piers
I'm a little cute on her I think I'm
thinking about you know um gross mahu
like later on you're cute so yes to try
it out
you're cute girl thank you baby you will
till morning y'all so literally like
three days after the Pearson and I just
just woke up that's what my hair looks
like this
that's what I look like dissidents to
have you know the nose rings this little
thing to stick it out time to step back
in I'm just about to clean my nose be
off for anybody that once again nose
piercing I want to know how you like
clean it he told me say this 15 lb
bottle of water and yes it is coke and I
drink some of it
so I can have enough room to put the sea
salt in there
he gave me like a bag of sea salt and we
just open hook and then this is one
tablespoon but I'm not going to use the
whole thing
I'm you back half of it I think each
other cap the tables home so that right
there should be good just on the whole
thing and then I'm alike wait and read
little more mmm
I'll um just pour it in there over the
sink of course zeros in there just shake
it
and that's how that's how waters I hope
to loot and I'm supposed to take the
q-tip dipped it in there and then like
clean around my nose so I'm going to
show you all how to do it I'll just
click a q-tip in here and then I'm gonna
play another q-tip in here and then I'm
going to take one can to push the nose
ring out you see how came out and then
clean around it see that's all you ever
the guys do is just clean around it but
my skin looks to Yuri now and I need to
wipe my face with the hill and then get
this eyes
so crispy there you go now I'm going to
take another two key tips and do the
same thing I'm a good fit and keep this
water by the way Mikey just water this
is my solution put the top back on me
and I'm just going inside and just like
push on it so clean up to clean the hole
oh this a bright ocean one you just push
up on it and clean it
stell you know I'll push this back up in
here because I want that to show but
here it's like today's but you're not I
love how Kristin I think Donna month
what I'm gonna do is get I think I'm
gonna get like the rings that hugged my
nose like really really really tightly I
think that'll look cute but first I'm
just trying to stone out and um for
anybody to have one contain all peers
and you open
I thought used to go to electric chair
because they were very he look like very
quick about it was like so quick
oh yeah love you guys and um dude I'm
about to go edit just other videos
cooking video jabs and I did last night
yes I'm lifting this shirt and on yeah
you guys will see some more videos today
well actually one more the cookin video
see you right now
being Christy I'll still go
