right now your now to this son being
Chrissy I'm still go ahead what's up
well he's quietly one final request
because that is my permanent name for
y'all now because I don't have a name
for all my supporters and the reporting
of a working quad is because my name is
Queen and I feel like everybody else
that watching our queens and kings so
that's what I'm calling my Rosie Squatch
so just in perfect lab I'm sure a lot of
y'all know that is my last video on
yesterday the reason why we sit up like
this with the lights and all that stuff
because I'm actually about to do jazzy's
make a make over because you know some
drift north in her those wagons waves
and something over on her channel she's
actually going to try on grilling outfit
feel all silvery I want to see that it
goes like a shrimper making like today's
is it no is it yes we can't get
transmission to bitch we don't do of
Shinobi airbags woman Chris okay we're
not stress we say okay so yeah we don't
start beating her face and well I mean
like we heard basic or y'all don't know
you know we to myspace is like little
makeup and you know may notice a great
laying you I will use what I got to get
the look that we need in one okay so um
you know what Nvidia being on I want to
go for like since you don't do too much
I was going to say I want to go for like
a natural look but you are going to do
phone yeah I want to do something like
more you know like you go on a date yeah
yeah so we don't go ahead and start the
length of her channel will be in the
description so make sure you go
subscribe and make sure right after
digital watch their video it is not
really ask you you know what that the
same kind of your same leave up at the
same time so what to do English words in
or you know either way it's washable the
first things that we're going to start
with today is the eyebrows I found that
very very important
so basically we don't got eyebrows and
they look like any and up well I'm
speaking on come on to see just our
eyebrow wax is already threatened listen
turn your honor you're high on again
Heinz red man I like reading bearable
espa√±a in the wet don't look like clean
and going in and West be making to you
like a cluster of all I never got away
coming artists with written and I'm
gonna go with red every time so I'm
gonna go in with my I don't know purple
brush because a lot of girls like I'm go
my mega ultra sonic brush I don't know
yeah I just buy the brush in in I don't
know I'm not a real guru but this right
here I thought y'all with this is this
is some Family Dollar eyebrow hard oh it
gets a job Berlin I won't be buying it
in a stocking stuff you'll not spent all
that money okay
I just to get away and I still play
include in my hand : fern y'all act it
wrong I had Versace good morning but
it's on all the narrative medicine my
watch and my mouth is like am i worth
thinking because she probably was
awesome um yes camera sound but I'm just
building her bottom right now I'm start
from the I know start going again arises
I'm on her look like a clown so I love
that faded look I'm just filling in
video I wrote unnaturally food
what I'm about to do is take my pro
conceal which was on 399 like I said I'm
cheap and I'm gonna go in and on
concealer around outside
I can just take a look right now so far
more or less it look like after got a
gaudium with being tone and all that
stuff so chill out stealer me what I'm
gonna do is in sardine it like not too
light and not too dark
i'ma go in will vote and mix it so
sometimes when you don't have a bridge
water pipe you can use your finger in
two fingers on the roses I see and I win
the things does the bigger be good it
like honestly from blink or they don't
absorb you'll make up the liquid so this
is gonna be the foundation for her face
and then at today I'm a dude I'm doing
our contoured jasminum exploiters neck
actually I'm going in with the maxim
shoot amo MEK Fondation British
there's no target output I think my Q&A
- oh I don't really believe in it no no
I hope you have the Q&A this one is more
powerfully but I would like a question
now you got a blend blend blend now I
got look at the camera so far because
I've got a little bit more you know burn
up in here now do me a favor look up so
I'm gonna go in we're with this and
it'll all get out
you see how the good name or do fancy it
that's what I'm trying to do
hang a faint word I'm sorry Mel
now going on the or on your life for you
and outside it's about happiness talking
Kardashian begin to begin a brown flow
oh yes
I'll fire you know because the monster
cancer or the same time
now hanbok is the light color and I am
what I light her nose as I did her brows
I'm gonna highlight her nose
Hey look us up on look good them in use
damages little loop only got on sick and
all the diet like I don't do the full
thing and working under that basically
home like you'll know the chisel look
creepy
and I'm also bullying right here and
you'll add just a little bit
makes me feel awesome nail down my
holiday makers but that's the main so
they be like an on Instagram you
everything name every girly like on
histograms out of fake blood from fake
titties in a face full of makeup and
some weed when they they don't want they
grown on their goodbyes please long I'm
going to be no blazing maybe baby other
day doing it because they know they
wanted with juicy I don't know what them
a little goodness another but if I was I
mean if I want my most wonderful good
good because I have another me look at
showgirl it's like a you got hurt yeah
you got her so that's a good thing
I'm going a little bit more what's on if
I highlighted from you more time to
actually kill the oh balls just
lined up an outside right here so Alton
looking so much a white or fluid how
could you offer I'm just saying things
it about
see I put on a load yet she already got
a highlight yeah so now that I was
working her eyes remember how I said I'm
going to give her a smokey look hold
with the purple color girl and and I'm
just working my way in here
so now I am just going to blend in her
on her shadow right now okay so now
since we got that blending I'm going to
take the liquid line on top and you her
cat eye and then I'm go ahead and put on
mascara shown yet she already has really
long legs as y'all so when I want to
mess here it's gonna be so so long my
silken yeah let that fold up so I'm
going to give her a cat eye
I'm doing her lashes which is going to
be her real last and melted on mascara
and now I'll give her a glow and then
the lid just in case my camera cut off
because they're very full
okay Oh imma come back when I am done
with her eyes now before I do the lid
I'm going to actually go in with her
highlights and put it on her cheekbone
and then put it on her like right on her
something
so I thought wagging her lips already
I'm actually going to give her like a
dark chocolate kind of lit and I'm just
like smile
how you build is a girly-girl urban
right and flicks it aside for my secret
show to glow yeah you see their glow oh
yes oh yes girl not looking my way yeah
okay now so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
the next video will be on her channel
where she is actually trying on a girly
clothes with the makeup so make sure you
follow that link in the description for
her Channel and make sure you go
subscribe and I hope you guys in joyed
girl yes you became bomb boom okay yeah
