right now you're not something very
crispy I'll still going to the West good
think you might be figure out queen bee
and I'm in my closet right now I'm just
starting out of log I just got up to
shower as good and cleaning up my friend
is downstairs and I'm actually about to
go get my nails done and yeah go eat go
eat something I never ate before go eat
at a restaurant I never ate before and I
must go get um CJ ready right now
please close on because you're going
with me Clinic are monitoring their here
exciting small I think so
yeah it's our I'm talking little fans
just I need to have a lot of love for my
channel and I'm just ready to get the
day started
even though it's like for something so
yeah let's get this day started because
these noble mom I believe with my friend
can say hey can she call me a hailstone
soon yeah I didn't tell her to make
because she did it makes us so she need
to make one and stop bleep down everyone
but before we leave and get my new art
you can you know that to right here if
we're going to guard now is that I just
want to tell y'all this T this is Tammy
blends P this is teeming skinny this is
the one you drink every day and it's the
one you drink every other day yeah I
think it's every other day but me this
is the colon and it makes you google a
lot I would drink you like every I think
every four days instead of every two
days because honestly up I don't want to
be blue blowing like everywhere I go
like I just I can't be out trying to get
my nails done and then all of a sudden
have to get up because I got to go sharp
or I sharted my pan I just can't do it
this is what to drink every day and this
is the cup a day then with it and it has
a little tumblr and inside so I'm doing
this I'll explain to y'all with the tea
does one it makes show tummy plants so
if you blow it like if you fill and
bloat it is good to drink because they
keep that like little flat a limit way
is it'll wear flat sensations yeah it
make sure it's time you plan you will be
a bloated also another thing about this
is organic
oh it helps your skin like you got bad
skin or bad acne it could be good you
know to get rid of that we keep your
skin clear you know how you have like
discolored skin like this pink right
here brown right here orange right here
y'all right here Tim right here a green
right here sign understand but it
basically it helps your skin to and it
also cleanse all the toxins from your
body so what I'm going to is just put on
this is one paper for you I'm only use
half of it have a table with love the
clean olives next talking about your
body because when y'all the emails
burners from Burger King and McDonald's
that food is really unhealthy and so
imagine all the goop and gunk and glue
Saigon are glue but everything else
inside your body like this will cleanse
all of that out and cleanse and toxins
are very important it's also safe for
pregnant women as all no I just want do
a miscarriage but if I would have stay
pregnant would have been safe to drink
along and also it it gives you so much
energy at will I know I said have a
table phone this is a whole you filled
this one up with water I'm gonna just
throw it all in here throw all these in
there
and then put the top one and I'm a warm
lines up because I like happy like what
oh yeah that's why I'm not to take out
with me while I'm bout to go get my
nails done I know I got life on
everything but I need to keep up with
you I'm going to keep up with a flat and
junk out play hot dog here
it would be like hanging over like like
a big luck sided jelly roll or something
but um it's going to keep that
I always have to find a word how is that
going to work illumination wait is that
the word wait it's a big where it looks
aluminum wait um I just feel calm
illumination I think it is elimination I
want to keep yep sweat sensation like
creamy cleanser good bit huh
suction that's not the word she's
alright bet on the gland but um okay
don't warm enough now this is hot and
warmed up
okay I'm going to shake it a little bit
I mean you can't add honey or something
or some sugar if you want but I
personally would it cuz I feel like it's
on defeat the whole purpose so all of
this is going to be believe it's still
going to be in there but the water is
going to start turning into a tea is
color like a green so Sammy Blin if you
want to stomach to b-flat
get it okay if you want your skin to be
more glowy get it and if you'll need the
thorn enjoy get it okay the code will be
in the description I have a code that
you guys can put in forget Oh
15% off 15% off you guys the call is CQ
15 make sure y'all have a go get it okay
I just told you everything you need to
know I'll get it tini blends also the
tape of it um it just tastes like tea I
don't have a sweet taste or don't have a
bitter taste and just tastes like
unsweetened tea green tea that's all
okay so if you want you guys stuck to it
as you can see the leaves are kind of
the getting bigger and that's how it's
going to look like legged bigger it's
not like big old beef in your drinks but
it's okay don't get scared so I'm not
forgetting go you're mine Elgin cuz
63 you know when this out so yes y'all
next clip so we finally you're at the
nail shop and we're just waiting and
about the clothes
it's seven I think we made it like this
in terms I don't know what um I don't
know what nails I'm gonna be honest
we're going to get I'm going at the same
shape but I think I want like a clear
ombre or something
CJ say hi you Jackie Jackie screaming
why was it
I don't know what you doing is making
them hug or something hey hi you want me
to look down at them this definitely got
going on down here
you know I think I'm going to buy the
ombre something after this we want to
eat we're again with the globehopper
Fritos I never been there
so all these goodies is like Mexican
food and beyond so tonight because you
want to make me the mix piece but it's
all good so so oh how kind of algorithm
I get heavy ready okay so we decided the
day was just taking too long
no digging all day and our stomachs is
telling us something different it's
telling us that we need to leave so
we're about to leave right now we've
seen in a parking lot trying to figure
out where we're gonna eat because now we
talked about crawfish mixing food
seafood we just like don't know CJ in
the back he metal oh he's not a little
latina girl in there everywhere you go I
mean somebody out answered the picture
alright wait oh it would help I will
inside the picture for you I'll see I
could see a little girl he may he was
playing we heard a whole time he was bad
to leave her but he had a go because the
helo at books and unplanted
now I call my son a boy but he meet a
girl everywhere he go in
Oh No is that a halt
I mean a hot crow oh girl look at you oh
yeah yeah I for you no more what you
lads prettier my eyes prettier with the
breasts off Dan McGrath oh no you know
you should keep important to keep my
Waunakee lungs and your eyes pretty
that's a compliment I'm up on my
seatbelt I'm going to find out we got
some easy losing minutes away
16 is a new school so we are finally
here at papacito's and this is so pretty
like look at the low flowers and stuff
and you know got an eerie outside oh we
want to eat outside it in okay thank you
oh it's nice in here listen
this is nice how are you at area so your
CJ is pumped right now he's on a little
not big on my count even though she
might be able to make it look at how
about the way come up he not gonna be
able to get high to go we have to order
you have to discuss you Sarah we have
I'll call y'all girl like decided I said
girl we had vs I was here with all the
hamburger
I'll grab out the orders dominant rim
what's the best thing take them into
look at this minion y'all so
unfortunately we have to move because
seizing he was to plumper to the height
here so I asked for boots because he was
not going to be able to sit in a high
chair and I didn't want to hold him I
was eaten but right now we got our
appetizers we shot like some chips and
salsa and it's real good to be honest in
Kennewick all use the bathroom I'm just
sitting here and look in their mouth one
might look at their my phone my emails
basically that's about it right now I
can't wait for you laundry a Scalia but
I got what I get
oh my god Lorelai mercy hold on let me
move this oh my lord my camera might
fall goes this is amazing yeah yeah
that's my baby
let's go we can most not oh yes I got
those beans right inside the blackness
okay oh my god premiers business yes
that was bad I just need a left foot to
make sure
that looks over there oh my god
good for it okay also we just finished
um we just finished eating and we bought
the rest in tomorrow right now just
automatically let's try to surprise
Chris and get him something from the
mall because these guy never think about
them okay yeah I just went and bought
Chris from shoes some medidas in some
Katy or whatever I don't know I just
know he said he liked them so I
remembered and I might just go home and
basically show them now I was thinking
about him and I want some certain system
beliefs and stuff that's in shorts so
hopefully he's appreciated because we
always say that I never get him nothing
CJ credit to my girl for rushing me
there she rushed me to the mall you are
seeing edges on fleek huh I don't we
don't find the last words in here
Eddie don't Lee so we don't got it to
help I'm not doing walking house and
basically show Chris his little gifts I
gotta look at this to the door
hi baby I got you some stuff
good my friend Hanna what sonic
screwdriver here doing yeah you bro look
at this huge spider dog on tape about
the killing that boy you dropped it on
the chair
well it worked oh snap oh you like you
babe let's see if you like it well I
don't do that man oh I'm not you want
someone basketball short so I got though
my throat is clear demographic a t-shirt
that go with the other arm
that goes the KDC and then some black
Nike store I got that cert if you can't
fit we're going to taking that does only
one we had with those two you icon in
word losses they pleat we can lose you
know hoping on know if we just aware I
like them
and I just got to that you always
wearing them so I got you know why did
you get them cuz you got cuz you know
I'm gonna lose you're gonna do Billy
came from the heart babe you get some
more stuff this is good over there today
were you know I was out working on your
nerves because I just wanted to tell and
I got just some tax to I got because I
know you like Steph Curry and I got you
some elite to say greatly
- go - that's what your food music yeah
I know a legal rule and go who do you
think you don't get a Phish t-shirt
because I know the other one was on the
other black one that you got is a loop
is it a larger medium oh I think there's
a large so I'll add you guys kiss me
earlier Chris liked his bed you can't
come to find out them idiots kept the
censored censored and they didn't take
them off so we got to go back tomorrow
pictures he likes all of his good
sportsman you think I did it because I
want something I just did it because I
wasn't by my baby just about this all
this goes wrong were because we heard no
I wasn't I wanted to watch because I
because it don't matter Matt your
attention regardless it doesn't matter
so on we just came from Waffle House
there about and we got perfect labs back
in the clip you just ran off you came so
I'm like whoa he came so quick anyway
man
we got the hit Walmart and another go
ahead an image blogger blog I hope you
guys enjoyed it maybe I'll get some
CityVille um I don't know
laminate vanilla and it's about it to be
under some of the good movie feeling
good you know doing it right in 20 good
101 night oh love y'all and keep all of
them in love y'all stay tuned for the
logs
very small farmer what is exclusive let
me guys mmm oh
subscribe to my baby's channel with Tim
and CJ daddy and me link will be in the
description okay
as we need y'all to support father
simple okay now babe what oh good
um
what you gonna go for me sounds good
comically nothing about quality guys
abiding I know you're not soldiers
