right now you're not something big
Christy I'm still going to what
everybody is to draw Queen and today I
got my girls with me perfectly just
gonna good Airy I am just area may I are
I are together those bits and I'm end
from and Yvonne and all the things will
be in the motherfreakin description so
today God goes on a link with people on
my channel and I apologize for not
posting in like I know a week or
something but you know we've been
working we got a lot of love to wear
joint but today is all we have to do the
neck or cat use Hoover edition hopefully
it'll be too awkward but studies people
who they know
so this is disclaimer I have a husband I
love my husband and this is all for
going to save it and has a whole boom
main bond
so I'm saying we going out there you
don't need any problem if you marry you
sure your dad's got a bucket on hold on
I'll get Peter to go all the way
fashionable assessment around
tell me must are one of the first
Robertson
okay everyone - when I win right yeah
yeah oh I got well known work on alert
wait wait we can do ad whatsoever and we
pause in the networks and eliminate oh
wait okay I'll take max wait rocking to
do I'll drop into the zoo
Oh way to go okay all right you kill me
again
alright go slow first mat or pad stop
and my guy answered like you know neck
or head time yet maybe be cheaper
whitegrass you can pay your dues it that
was a quick nibbler then you get you
close even though I say no if you want
straight when you spend no no not your
have someone honey okay okay alright
master bath is made easy smash awhile
you smashing okay because I seen him for
that video was just cousin he has to be
shirt off okay in mad funny I'm AG again
no he's just funny you know like oh like
let it goes back to this one okay Chris
is looking at me right now but this guy
makes me so happy
Oh Derek I'm kind of scared rather bad
why I may need you okay look at any
minute
okay I was saying what Hey oh man
holding okay okay the air from of beer
is super havior became a royal oh I know
the last video was quick well maybe I
overreacted too after our last met
Sierra but after looking at her and have
to just keep yourself with everybody
yeah I would definitely next year if all
the time
whatever mountain these toxic toxic
sugars as well okay would you snap here
yeah beer better yet yeah okay okay okay
you got it
so me okay way highway yeah you put it
okay
with UMass or past make life would you
be over because Nate he's here market
like a little mouse but he's so like
quiet
oh no not mouth look look what he's just
so quiet like yeah and like I don't
think he says he does not like you leave
the weird music like to be like in the
valence quiet any day I need to talk to
me right possibly imagine requires a
little squeaky mouse over oh yeah I need
it you know the extras so fantastic
laughing oh yeah I'll catch someone in
LA like he was real cool and you like
Google Images dance and you can talk to
you in any QT I like he like he is my
Budweiser kind of like an easy question
test accommodations they let you know
whatever so Chris so it's like oh you're
so laughs you're gonna go out we don't
have video any movie yet act so us men
and we will all pay would you bet them
if you good okay all right yeah okay so
the first Logan ha Johann Gutenberg I
get him in the Roewe to mix up if you
like a rockstar
okay I'll pass
yeah yeah kill your mother killed your
mother
I like this guy or this lady's outdated
yeah kind of like Hollister yeah yeah
okay all right who's next
dead minik oh all right um crispy for
normal frizzy okay Chrissy is cooking
with antifreeze I was about two years
ago over there Oh everyone all right now
Oh Marty look how she just sit her down
and bigger notice if he's still pretty
so she not only yet not CG inheres not
she's never of where you know in a hot
tub you know there's no Chrissy like two
years going keep us going on yeah that's
a probable eyes enemies are not that
pretty
yeah she's not oh you know it's just not
won't you be more like briefs in my ear
but yeah always want to look like they
got a great yes we have
I wouldn't steal your girl and they were
head kids from European I was saying as
I was a tad tad is not my side he did
like here mommy is like a person - elbow
eyebrows with you isn't Alan Giro
commitment know what that says is our he
hinted look like you little not little
in my that way about a little person
genius I will always organic yes yeah be
bigger than me follow to be everybody's
mom easy in the court here oh not as
good
oh wow yes yes can pass kids not you you
know haha
wait they will be in it together we got
that together
didya hear they go jelly cereal and milk
no I want to get their own businesses
vacuuming carpets get back in mega big
burger yeah yeah we'll go together
oh yeah my boss max or $10 on this white
light reflects yes would you measure
parallax it's so opposite like we know
how to mean no way that's what makes it
even funnier Albert man he is the most
Isis
I have met in like a long time they gave
us like a violent IDF anywhere he don't
be like nurturing you know I like when
if you get off it like this real good
vibe and where we will take care of
financially but when you win my pictures
okay yes but I can't stay constantly
like I was like oh you just grew up her
son will be like how can I will be
Loretta
yeah nice to have roots Naxalite see
much that way you're not attracted
empathetic adrift so you all say I would
be out rest
let's get it done any of these why would
she need angel MegaPath legs man out of
a light in he's a pretense to do and you
don't suppose that's why I buy smash oh
why couldn't you know but if you know
and we do it was gonna get yeah okay
we're going to throw it was 100 donors
no other Oh
could other sticks over one I was going
up okay next is megaman i can work
against x-man CJ go ahead yeah pad white
waitress and what the liquor the blue we
also carry our down here silent we make
this sort he not abandoned building just
later okay clothespins bless the
Bulgarian Hilux are sinners black
chanting get it may be of use in your
black and nothing else to do yes
would you it will just never been here
with the stick smash your head so yeah
okay I see J VJ o the loves of our days
no Chris me Cuban does not without a
video got Netta again a lot of that I
propose you like homies chicken you okay
I'm not there's any news first of all
men do is so funny yeah yeah I mean the
hilarious like he was going around that
being a big line mallalieu to do is all
good on generated is that recent video
consuming one Oh in a solarium
okay so often endanger us
you which is it healthy about red I was
naturally I like here because we know he
cute
and my PETA thing like like like a boy
to my F would be smashing tree so what
is around dogs and funny business like
and what is that is true is I mean hey I
was doing
Kettering from the eight families all
you got an idea you know back T back to
kill yes he is little she was one of
Instagram how her body bag yeah I've
always thought I was nothing like this
she would yet no no no no city I've
never seen a little bit overdone because
I'm never really like you know Rockfest
lobbying videos I didn't know what I
made aa special look at it oh yes
Matt or head be it from you said that's
a homie Aslam and Boo Boo's Rosa okay
I don't really know him yeah look better
deal is it that I was passed what is a
rodeo season well yeah so I knew how a
comet I'm with my blackened into my form
between Isaac was like a picture with
yeah because like he isn't so like I'm
never watching videos kind of me like
they'll feel it
info is enough mana to decorate you Nana
laughing I think I better check because
he wasn't hurting me like I don't know
Russell with you I feel it
bring my niggers feel like it wouldn't
even be like a pleasure pleasure balloon
is like maybe too much if I do try to
roll my neck back and my visit of crest
like my students you know I just do you
will break my song like Rick bring my
hair not with you you know how to clear
so if I fun it was big back in snack bag
I just never heard Oh a boat meet his
book though he planned on there any like
oh you guys do disappearing my neck
chest off happen you know oh I want to
stay I just want a little yes naturopath
Austin from the expanded I wanna scratch
eager even handsome I would like I know
you guys look but you like younger guys
hmm he went darker go home and he's like
he too left hand for you cause it's like
exactly that but I don't know I'm just
not sold to him exactly for some reason
I'm just not
he's why he knew he is relative good
with I don't know - amazing he is
sweating he is handsome but with I can
see muscle mass you know
yes I thought that they know it get
fucking it came about
so yes you guys just see myself good you
doesn't like really so I can be funny
with you never know that College really
likes region excuse me real freaky
you never know that what ailment is
Linda's here and you know I think I'm
why you pass right I love it
immigrants like lighthouses any of the
incentives like maybe yeah but then
again Judaism eczema just like you too
much of a pretty boy you Marvin I really
got my sweat yeah he's like so three
boys then we can go maybe you can just
handle him maybe never
that is not okay Makino but pad on your
casino is just like this messy be holy
cheese with more like honestly like I
never picture myself with their Asian I
mean it turns out that I personally know
back in the day I thought for myself I
know this is amazing I learn and it's
like I don't know if they would fulfill
on my knees you know how to feel real I
know they're still by my name is bars
like little magnets bigness I need all
of it so and then you're on yeah and
then there is like nothing attractive
actually just we don't know
relax me no yeah you always blow them
bonuses really very worth it but as the
best possible choices I said it isn't
spoken once I don't hand it to talk to
you there's a soak in the most shocking
stroke rate since I than that you people
only know how to really work
what do you have that yeah and I got a
little ones death why and young judge a
book by it's cover because it will do
pull this thing's got it you know their
mom and he in a chosen only way Waddell
minutes like they're the judges would
buy so again I don't know what it's you
know Kino Kino ha you go president no
its audience I don't why is that because
like I said I'm forgetting somebody
I have to be if he is going to be other
days a day in your head you know repeal
matter is just fine these are you here
you see that go home Canada anyway
Daniel
anybody else see buddy okay ready one
happen ago don't worry I'm hot
Thanks
okay everybody ready to go everybody
girls come here all day um guilty plea
Kelly please mash yeah I was mad for a
tip she just be popping like she know
how to do it and you know chose sweet
probably I would be a little freaking
chilly sweet if you know what me
I could look at on the DL okay they have
a critic in you I know difference we can
you show up though because I'm not
naturally green okay real nice
okay really oh really bad eh
yes God really holy Jilly going up to
delete oh yah yah yah know Chris a he's
Miss Julie so you know wake up the meet
okay got it
which is measurement Julie um out fish
everybody listen yes
all right um going you're on - Corey
mass now before y'all met any SS
messages coordinates all scream like
laughing hands major game I I was like
wow she's so gorgeous she wasn't she
adorable like you know they got your
head boys like you got adorable would
you guys last Chandler oh yeah okay
honey Chandler let's do it
yes use masculine you know generous yes
I'll have to that battle dollar let's
show you yeah go ahead and lock him up
Oh free party ah let's do that with my
weight at you I can't see you now run
free
oh I don't be probably reached I'm just
trying to look at it till super yeah I
was ready to give up you to the old man
Mary okay pretty yes you were pretty me
you know where I'm at oh yeah Matt
Chandler look like you got a little
freaking she got three it was like he
will fulfill my muse so I guess
everything man I'll talk to the mom I'm
not really that way I'm doing I didn't
in an instrument so on second row say
Ashley or take up after contract why it
is and I'm really sad will it together
excellent but all those are the exit
don't it
you guys she's got a lot being a little
under my body but but like I said I
think I see me in a bit work but you
don't and as limitation
I think I sorry so just mention it I saw
this hat
yeah it's pretty bad litter size yeah Oh
No yes you're acting like a boob ever
and I could have to get drunk and in
smashes well he drops a kid you know
that I could do this if you Jackson
gather with it okay I'll be a ranger
absolu be drunk
leave my friends okay I'll mean the
special day bring the groceries
how do I got pay attention I think
actually I think our harassment because
I'm just a little happy inside see what
I will break and I wanna hurt her but I
think she's queuing up to smash coins on
arm but like I was nothing of its
enjoyed your senses to do right it is
true if I can filter and accept alike
our murmurs cannot hide stickers no you
would have hurt me you're not doing this
you're laying down
yeah one on top each other all the way
when I hurt somebody so I was in
distress
and yeah you're a nerd who look great oh
oh yeah that's the only way I'm going to
be honest I mean 69 you know without
your accident run away with us what
number comes up for you up but yeah this
was the end of our semester I hope you
guys enjoy it and I'm also sitting here
as a deal present posted tomorrow so by
the time L serious it should be tomorrow
okay
so don't forget to subscribe everybody
their links will be in the description
and let me know who else you got
wait who else you guys would like to see
me collab with okay oh no we're never
stretched it out and like that thank you
so much you're not oldest son big
Chrissy I'm still going
