Oh talk about the day we met and I told
y'all what
I'm leaving listening to yep cuz how you
gonna remind me to do my own intro like
that's not cool
I'm not sweating sometimes it just I'm
so natural and it happened so naturally
that I forget to do it the traditional
way
what's that risk question community I
was again back with another video and
I'm here with my boy Clarence was girl
is good why see why are you fighting
today
I thought is nothing like I mean I
thought I was a boy Clarence my see oh
wait no no I'm not ever seeing that
again I'm not staying classy why see
again let me redo this whole thing
translate I was like when you first met
me I don't what's up YouTube what's up
here with my boy claire-bear
no use me I know exactly what you Randy
guy just the bear I knew it I have to do
the video of my beard is he stop
you're gonna stay he's so cuddly like oh
my you want to know what be better than
this bear right though if I have my
son's thing right here yeah and then I
can have like the bear over here
somewhere but they might soon be right
here so you gonna have like yeah I have
to and see they don't love the beer too
but right now Mike's life his size yeah
it's my it's not it a little bit bigger
anyway I feel complete now we're gonna
talk about how this all happy it's a
very spicy video this is gonna be a very
spicy video simply because like um
people like know how we met but you guys
don't really know like the details
yeah my patter did lead how did it lead
up into like this how did lead into
spicy management how to lead up into us
being these good friends good good
friends right click I have to give up
you nervous you up lotion on me look you
don't even ask you
alright so I just want to let you know
that in a way I kind of like you getting
up there um cuz I'm gonna wait so you
get back you
isn't complete
are you mike iuen what's the word
everyone know I feel like you're doing
some kind of initiation like how you
doing games might have you didn't know
was it cause Emma Lucy black panther
howdy initiating human put play in
minutes and like I feel like you've
initiating the bear with the with this
silky though I decided to sing it y'all
look alike
y'all look alike you flee nah
alright so good maximum same so lotta
y'all know how we met with you guys
don't we know the details in like how
everything led up to this point of us
sitting right here doing video I find it
funny because they think they know you
guys you know how we met but you guys
really don't know how we really meant we
got a little secret just a little one
another it's just a little thing there's
not a man secret so alright let's start
from the hurricane hurricane um what was
it worth the name with her damn coffee
hurricane Harvey right um this would be
brief about a hurricane Harvey I was we
escaped the hurricane we went to Atlanta
alright nobody really knew the stuff
that was really going on
you know with me and my household and
things like that
nobody knew everything that was going on
but um so Chris had left he left um
Atlanta early to go back to Houston and
then after that from from there when I
came back home so he was saying he went
to LA that's what everything went crazy
that's everything went live in LA if
y'all know what I mean if you guys if
Roy's he's quite understands it'll be
nice to be honest to you so I have to
break it down but anyway so he left
early whatever and things were going on
I'm not gonna really get into it but
I've seen on clear barrel explore page
and I really want to know like what like
what like why are you one of my explorer
be a Jew I'd always see you what do you
do you not little but so yeah that's
that's what made you again he was on my
probation and stuff was already kind of
going left for me so um this was in
September by the way if anybody knows
September is a very I was a very crazy
month for me with things with live but
anyway I I politely slid into oh no you
politely slide to dissolution I politely
slid into Claire Bears diems and I said
yo she was unfortunate no no no no no no
not was they clear no I kind of drama I
was there
nice honestly was I'm sure it was no
flirting dream I'm just playing with you
people
she said I was looking for a snack even
though you are a snack but I'm just
saying I wasn't looking for that I just
hit him I'm saying yo what do you - you
- light in my damn very politely I said
what do you do like you know yeah
because I mean I'm always in your my
explore and in mind you I don't slide in
people's dance I don't listen you see my
finger right here and I don't check
games and you don't check me him so too
many why did that happen like how did
that out if I don't sign to people's
Dean's and you don't check me and
honestly we've looked at it we checked
out messages today mm-hmm no yesterday
and I wrote back 20 minutes later he
wrote back 20 minutes later very good
responsible time that's crazy
it's almost like very it's almost like I
don't know we were meant to be friends
or something like that cuz yeah you feel
me
all right so anyway that's what I asked
him you know what you do he told me that
he did modeling and clothing not at the
time I was with Chris and so he even
offered I was gonna say I was acting for
both the eye sizes yeah he asked for
both of our sizes he was actually gonna
sing some hoodies yeah Vanessa I won the
whole but I won the whole thing this
wasn't really going right in my you know
my relationship so it's like it really
wasn't a good a good time and I really I
had no idea yeah and but just like a
little bit you told me yes so we talked
a little bit about like food and he
asked me what I did next at YouTube and
I was at I was telling him like you
should start it you know you should do
it I say you were familiar
oh no you might see you oh yeah well you
know how you see a facebook you don't
know what I mean yeah right yo yeah
you should do you - we prank your mom
freaking girl whatever
talk a little bit about that that's
crazy to my little cousins kind of
getting me trying to get me onto the
YouTube line you'll make one make one
you already like you have a big
following I would like to make one how
are you make one like I taught a listen
and then when she said that that was
like I told him look you start YouTube
it'll change your life
I told him she just put it in another
into another aspect anything so anyway
after that I follow him I followed him
yes you follow you know anagram right I
followed you wanna grab me or let me on
the grand that was back in September but
then shortly after I found a photo it
was good it was a real good combo it was
no flirting no nothing you feel me you
asked me if I had someone to do videos
with it was yeah so I did really good
you guys so you know that's what happens
I ain't flew bags mind you like what you
mean flirt my cuz I didn't lurk I'm
saying I explored by I ain't flirt you
oh yeah we didn't we both like we was
just like really awesome cool you meet
some cool stuff tell me about to be like
good on in a business to cuz I got you
for me like you wanted to know what I
wanted to do what what I did and I told
you then I was gonna try to send you on
some clothes you know yeah so there
anyway to work early good it didn't
really work on that way you know now if
I wasn't recognized and follow me then I
got a call and I was told she's blocked
me no no no I told you so we follow each
other right let me get caught let me get
close to them let me get close to them I
need to talk to them I'm spicy mafia
yes alright she followed me I followed
her bag for me following each other you
know I'm saying
yeah I think would be like I don't know
if how long we were following each other
for by just remember check-in and I'm
blocked by our voters I thought a queen
I just played and I'm blocked like why
am i black you gotta say why I didn't do
nothing wrong I never said anything
I didn't block him I didn't like him
listen I was called and told to unfollow
him so I did that I don't respect I own
family my dish even though it wasn't
even nothing crazy like who I don't
follow me though he bluntly I didn't I
didn't like you I unfollowed you but
when I got home you somehow ended up
buck and I can block you so wasn't me do
you believe me a little bit why cuz why
would I block you clear after we just
had a conversation that like I mean we
wasn't even was another Leon do the man
you guys do the man I am black
he ended up black but I didn't do it so
you guys didn't match any of you so we
didn't talk now months later a couple
months later actually dry like a month
and a half later I want you to know you
two I scroll down you kill me I don't
know why I seen you but he's gonna smash
your pants I clicked on it I watched it
and then the Queen was on there quite a
gear yeah he did a smashing pass on me
now I felt some kind of way when I watch
this because you know I'm glad we're
dressing I thought some kind of way
because
he said I wasn't he said he didn't know
if I was sweet heat or not and that
light kind of made me feel away it kind
of made me feel like this a little bit
cuz he said nah I mean he smashed me he
said would smack me but the principle is
he said I don't know if she's sweetie I
don't know like so what is it about me
oh yeah no let me say let me say this
he's out on she's sweet he so patty says
more like Frank's redhot yeah what's
that supposed to me if you ask me
Patty's Patty's remark was a lot what
what let me clarify my silver okay okay
clarify so me being like oblivious like
I I don't know if y'all go back to that
video I'm new to YouTube like like I
don't watch I never watched YouTube I'd
like there was a like I watched pioneer
truthful I know like two three weeks
before like before I even like started
to YouTube like I didn't know who you
were you got saying I don't know your
personality I didn't know like anything
like that
no but the picture they showed me it was
like it was alright like I wasn't sure
on how to reach you or how to judge you
that's why I smashed you I met I didn't
say like oh nah she's ugly like me
you're not ugly you kind of say but I
didn't know if you were sweet he know
but it was no no no no those other girls
on your you say was sweet but you did
own a personality but there's nobody is
this sauce it's the drill you fool I had
the drip in that picture you gonna have
to drip and they saw you for me but look
at you now
I guess so anyway I see the video you
fill me up with some kind of way I go
back onto my Instagram I go to my black
list I'm black cuz I know it was black
but I didn't unblock him I respect so
I'm gonna block this do because by this
time I'm already like I have moved out
of my house I'm already at my mind at
Ray's house like a lot this is time nice
to start being warm on a trip and then
so can we go back for a minute yeah you
good you said they look like you DM you
because you play you kept saying yeah so
but I like I'm pretty sure there's a lot
of people that you see on your Explorer
do that don't know I'm just let me get
to this you got I'm saying so like like
what made you like like me you gotta say
like yeah me yeah like I think I don't
know you gotta saying but I think that's
a part that you leave it out of living
all right yeah my histogram coach for
the longest like even back at the
apartment with the red couch I don't
know a coach about two minutes yeah
y'all gonna the raping one he was my
Instagram question mind you I never
thought I was seeing like I never
thought because she just like how you
guys thought you would never see
Christine y'all seen him to mall or some
one day like I'm like I mean everyone
see this do you feel me but he was on my
explore page and every time he was on my
explore page like it wouldn't be it
wouldn't be your page but this time it
was your page like I found your page so
I should it look like
what you do like what do you famous for
white because obviously like I mean if
you unlock exportation other people's
explore page allowing you got something
going so I just want to know it would
what you do you are you do rap you sing
or you just somebody or you just a song
some ice cream you got this week so yeah
that's that's why but like I wasn't
trying to reach anything no I don't
think you was honestly you were okay it
was beautifully played and honestly like
when she asked me if I had somebody like
to do two videos and stuff I told her
yeah yeah I said yeah like at the time I
was with somebody you go sing so I was
not gonna be disrespectful yeah in a
person anyway you know saying so we both
were in disrespectful because we meet in
flirt or anything like that and that
person that I was with was aware yeah
that you did and Chris was obviously
weird because he did cuz like when he
called me I told him like yeah we had a
conversation you know it was it wasn't
nothing it was just about my woody what
do you did move so you knew but I was
playing do you I'm always gonna respect
long with I'll forgive me but if you
ever block me again give me a problem I
don't have a reason to
I can't look like this I'm gonna i can't
block you personally either like right
here cuz i'm gonna be with you right
yeah okay so anyway yeah we're like a
boo is her and then black me I'm not
gonna gonna move don't get done I'm not
gonna be in a very long time and I have
to really get to know that person for
them to become a little anyways so I'm
probably not gonna be getting to know
people like that
but on anywho the food is about the comb
Thanks
I've been looking at you see I've been
looking at my phone so he went back a
little bit
he got me out uh he caught me ha yeah I
just have to do that man
because well you can't leave holes I'll
be funny they gonna be like oh but why
clean we're clean why did u DM Clarence
tonight like you guys say you guy Phil
all right just like how are you from me
well if you really want to know the
truth to be honest stuff was going left
with me and I kept like let me just say
just know that niggas wasn't really
doing everything they were supposed to
do either
that's our speakers but on anyway but I
still everything anyway so I went to my
blackness and I was like let me unblock
him and tell him that I've seen him and
I seen that you don't play me so so
anyway I'm black them and I've seen him
post like someone his story and so I was
like I said I said why does facts with
the slides though or something like that
like cuz he helped some yellow slides
you know how I took my shots and oh yeah
he took his doctor his his pants in his
socks I'm like why why dad that's funny
you know she was like yeah and I might
wanna know what else funny you're like
what I'm like
Frank's Red Hood just let I'm not I seen
it I seen you
nice to meet you don't blame me like no
I wasn't like there's enough she said
but why does socks and slippers though
crying emoji
I said look who it is
you
