Wow certain message again okay right now
you are now tuned in turn then Christy
I'm still going
what's up everybody to go Queen and it
is like nine I think nine nine thirty
something in the morning when I have
forty I'm on my way to up an appointment
I gotta get my freakin lashes taken off
because I had you going for like I think
over four or five weeks y'all and they
they slowly fell off each time and I'm
going to wait today all fell off but I'm
going to go get them removed today
because sneaker games is coming up and I
don't want to go look at the half minute
so I've heard me return to West Houston
Staubach turn right all right again
would I be instead this is my first vlog
hey with this channel so
hope y'all enjoy it okay guys I'm here
right amazing like studio tell me why I
got here and literally forgot that I
left my card thank God my card is
already on file and they took a card on
file because honey I would have been
going straight back home argument drive
I'd have been pissed off but she can
charge my card so I'm not going here and
get these babies taking off and um and
then I'm come back around 1:00 or
something and get the new one signal but
I was looking at they lashes and then
watch it was good so I was like okay
probably I'm gonna get something to eat
after this and then wait around till one
next car gonna be too long oh no I don't
know what I'm gonna do but I'm just um
normal vlog so log is long
alright I'll see her soon so I just got
my lashes taking off you on this God
look what I have no ledge is no mascara
no nothing but actually I would like to
get back in the car but I see this
freaking wax those heat and I've been
wondering for the longest to get a wax
and blog my reaction and I'm talking
about a wax like downstairs because I
usually shaved but I just want to try
what I heard it hurt I heard that it
hurts but honestly I heard there last
longer - and it feels like a baby foot
so yeah I'm not to walk in here and see
how much he charges so I just wanted to
know how much again charts for Brazilian
wax this is our 55 others my bedroll so
here's the thing like so I just went
into that wax boutique and just
scheduled me an appointment you guys at
4:00 I got to come back to the live
studio at 1:00 and I'll be done by then
so it's right literally right there and
then I'm going to come back at 4:00 and
get my first freakin vagina wax okay so
hopefully it don't hurt but I'm just
going to record my reaction because I
already know you know first timers it's
going to be kind of crazy okay guys so I
just literally got my lashes done and I
went to amazing lash duty way yeah
mazing likes to do and uses the wood
link location I really like them I like
the Gaga you come because a little long
so what's her name shout out to nitrogen
tip eyelashes of one year at Panera also
the other people are good to see you as
for them too okay so I changed my mind I
actually was going to get something to
eat
but um I'm just left to go hurry up and
get this wet because I kind of just
don't want to eat first
because I might like art or whatever and
I want to start in her face on this act
is it too late to get it all right now
so I'm about to get wet I'm so frickin
scared bro look at the wet stuff over
there about to block my reaction
I'm so scared because obviously nobody's
ever touching my behind nobody but me or
the doctor or like Chris so I'm not used
to nobody will touch him up John I gotta
get undressed on the way down
when we hurry can do this I mean you've
lashes are pretty straight man what
should I think about it I think they're
really nice it's just I gotta get you
today I already know what Chris don't
say when I get home he'll like berries
too long around here so I got the
tower down there yo I'll cover myself up
she will have to see mom goody and I'm
so nervous but I told you I got you
so job don't do this for y'all because
actually I got this idea from summer
Ella
I'm yeah me know her but she do this is
pretty funny so I'm about to vlog it
I need some frickin chapstick my lips
looking white he's crazy
it's gonna be quite this is very quick
don't have to Melissa for like you're
just gonna see no rarity what is what we
call a preposition okay yeah and it is
backwards I'm gonna be like though okay
Hamid our national guard I've never had
nobody else but my husband or the
doctors barely the doctor so like when
people come in um do you have had bad
experiences like yeah like with vaginas
with your farm on psychic play I'm gonna
do this early three plus years mm-hmm
and I see it all smells ah ah well I had
to a double clean before came here I'm
playing limit line I'm part of the happy
Wyoming place
from the den oh my god what about I do
that okay here we go
what are they off how do you wanna leave
of it
I want everything off I wish you'd put
half the fun
this wheel a certain lack of muscle
again okay and then that way you will do
so ten stop oh man so will heart attack
like it's like their heart by a second
right she just did a first-rate it was a
good woman under fibers um obviously I
just want the last studio and seen you
bet but I was planning to get away oh
but okay you get to just think
everything what it lacked that it hurt
them need you oh my god when we saw
possibly end up having sunrises and um
yes me well yeah actually got film okay
I made you tubers so um I'm shaking I'm
sorry they don't have a I'm a youtuber
so um we're doing some kind of like
little reality thing I gotta film like
in this mansion with other youtubers
into so y'all it's like me is not as bad
as I thought of money but it is a little
okay okay baby dollars because take like
one minute I'm safety and I'm not
exaggerating this so like I mean this
last longer than say now yes so let your
neck relax we're going to use another
one oh wow you know you're ready yeah
that's way but in shame and because
honey like shaven it will grow back in
like two days but I mean it's not it
hurts but it's not excruciating pain
like I thought it is like it's like a
sudden yeah yeah I don't know where when
you do the lit do you do like just small
smaller on strips now because honestly
the lip area
all right uh-huh so army warrior easy
just do it okay
you brace myself - okay okay because of
your first I was going to work okay okay
but if I come back it will be the day
exactly like once we keep up with it
you're really walking here because your
hair changes a lot of looked nice what
department in the things different
uh-huh you're in the car yes this when I
first got my eyebrows waxed you know it
heard it but after we met you sir yeah
it's pretty same thing is agenda but not
it so sensitive Ashley it's such a
sensitive area that it takes time pretty
good how to be you soon so why do you
guys like print dances to on hold the
question like make sure it note is the
pressure helps contain okay and it eases
the pain whistles like that one's going
to hurt okay listen eight clean and then
your your channel response um well okay
poop under this for my individual
channel I have a separate channel my
husband give me my husband have a
channel together with over a million
subscribers so I'm just starting mine so
leaders start walking and stuff honestly
we aren't you had a fan base before and
we just decide to do you - okay okay
okay be a resident a once it's like 1
million dollars you - yeah we are had a
fan base from Facebook and Instagram and
like we are all means and like ourselves
well my kind of viral but we kind of
just brought a traffic over to YouTube
and if I don't have to work it on either
this is our job
Blagh okay so like what made you want to
get into home and away she got into that
actually happen accidental to me I
already pulled in here and then but once
actually goes in here archaea related
but we have religion here and what you
were just start it would you like my god
I can tell it's probably the first two
weeks are probably the hardest one
mmm-hmm because it's just getting used
to everything did you have to start
waxing them John or you just start up
what cannabis both well I start off with
the easy early okay and of ended in the
Brazilian no because we start with the
Brazilian that's like the one thing to
be good at after for doing it it was
pretty much this Iraq like it was
something could be do it so left right
if it my clumpy will be picky about you
know stuff like that but the one thing I
notice like super Allah night servers
like doing hair you know so that's why
it's so genius or chill and laid-back me
an officer is it list include it right
there when you do that not happen
sparkling bitch partner and like our
expert enough okay all right mmm-hmm not
with them look like sensitive part
people say this part under our house
really a good way for top of like this
okay alright so just take an IV but for
me or my one okay who are they yeah
alright so that is devotion support a
degree you oh good I do final winner are
you laughing oh no I mean just my
eyebrows ended up that I just started
threading well I can't believe I'm doing
this
I've never done
I never stopped do that if I were him
I'd oh my gosh she really got to see my
vagina like oh my god
hi mom oh by the way I have a c-section
scar right here soon yeah I'm sorry mom
I'm listening to you but I'm currently
getting a vagina wax so I'm recording
okay I'm recording myself um my facial
expression innings this ladies of what's
your name again
Sonia I don't know I'm a party back look
she got to be done so i'ma call you back
okay
so she are you wax my fool kitty and now
she's loved in my book first you put the
thingy on you guys so is that a better
the fun oh not at all hot and warm the
warm too close okay 11 herbs like in the
butt area it is a lot of work
yeah it really is and you'll be like
look a guy yeah I'm sorry you guys get
their butts way like I perform oh yeah
they do
yeah did I mention either one yeah one
is crazy you're not I'm done yet
okay um hon Oh Oh guys I'm done now it's
y'all seeing my face I feel the painful
efforts with the but wasn't so good but
I'm nice thing it looks nice I want to
call my house
look where I got that that what spinach
roasted roasted all Tomatoes I think
roasted red peppers
my blog I'm Ashley
mom but I was like talking talking on
that one
so I just literally got home y'all you
know I had pizza oh yeah I had PC you
guys from
blades of Pizza I think oh it was good
but um I'm tired of tech y'all I stayed
up so late like two like three or four
in the morning I had a wake up for an
appointment exchange this morning so I'm
up to take my butt's asleep not to get
on that when I got increasing my lashes
and he was like they ugly
he said they oddly but honestly I don't
think they are
I just think kids have a problem with me
wearing fake stuff but I don't know like
they not that bad to me they're just
extremely long so tell me what you guys
think about the lashes oh my gosh I just
woke up from a nap y'all
so I'm looking a minute boo a visit I
just woke up from a net I got straight
home after a dentista and was out okay I
was out for the count so I just want to
end this vlog this is my first vlog
really the highlight was me getting
waxed for the first time so I really did
that for y'all cause like I said I use
shave I hope y'all enjoyed it that junk
hurts so freakin bad but I'm off to edit
this video now so I really just hope you
guys like it and if you guys want to see
more stuff drop in the comment section
what you want to see okay do that what
you want to see like if you want to see
me do some most crazy let me know if
it's too crazy am I gonna do it okay but
let me know okay I love you guys and
yeah that's about it
gotta go
