right now you're not doing this been
Christie I'm still going to west pop an
issue girl queen and I'm back with
another video on my channel first off
for sergeants II I just want to say
thank you thank you thank you so much
for over a hundred and eight thousand
subscribers like what you are really
showing love like what I love you guys
so much thanks so much for getting me
over 100k length wise up that's the
first thing once I got the way today I'm
going on a rant I want to address an
issue which like a lot of people were
talking about and actually I was get a
lot of hate from and Queen don't do
drama queen don't try to offend anybody
so I need to clear the air about some
things some of you may know I did a
video earlier on the Chris McQueen
channel and the last thing I said was go
subscribe to my channel because I'm
going on a rant tonight okay I'm going
to post this tomorrow which if you're
watching this then tomorrow it's
actually already here because like it's
tomorrow
I don't but look this is what's
something I'm just get right to it I'm
going right to it Demi and Chris my
husband and Bianca's husband from
deputation they did a smash the past
challenge okay let me put my phone on
silent because I don't need no
interruption like I said me and Bianca
reacted to this masterpath challenge now
we did a reaction video some things were
said that offended
that offended a lot of females
brought this on to my throat sorry
alright sorry huh in our reaction video
some things were said on by Bianca and I
guess by me which I'm about to clear
that up real quick um about darker tone
women now I let me just put a disclaimer
out there
I don't do drama I don't like drama I
don't like offending nobody I've never
messed with anybody I never
try to just really say anything to
intentionally hurt somebody's feelings
or defend I mean offend anybody so today
I'm doing a video in my defense because
I know what I meant and I know what I
said so here's a here's a here's a
here's a thing so when we did a reaction
video on to they're smashing past
challenge
they had a selection of you know which
females they were choosing smashing and
passing and three brown-skinned girl was
on their list and when it came to those
girls some things were said well
actually I'm gonna go one by one there
were three girls it was the first boxing
great idea was Kelly sweet and yummy
know Kelly sweet shots of Kelly sweet
because she I've been talking her she
she's pretty cool um summer Ella some
yummy know her some yummy not but she's
real cool too she real funny and it was
there everybody know dear from DK forum
so when it got to know three particular
women I guess a the did Kelly sweet
first now if you guys go back to watch
the video I didn't say anything at all
about Kelly sweet I just watched the
video I was just watching their reaction
actually I was too busy thinking about
another girl that he said he was mash I
don't know who it was but I was too busy
thinking about that to even react to
their decision about Kelly sweet boom
that's out the way so then next it was
summer Ellen now it came to me since we
were already on the subject of black
females
I said summer I was a pretty brown girl
I don't say black I say brown because
she was brown skin
I said she's a pretty brown girl now I
didn't say nothing wrong at all because
guess what that's a fact she is brown
she's brown you don't say I didn't say
that she was pretty for a brown-skinned
girl that would have been different but
they're all she's pretty for Branca I
didn't say that
and people put words in my mouth saying
that I said that and I didn't say that I
said she's a free brown girl it's a song
even I like that pretty brown brown
pretty bro
so I don't feel like
that's anything wrong at all I'll have
nothing against darker tone women
because my blood sister is actually way
darker than me I'll have nothing against
Rasta women if anything I was my skin
was a little darker so I was getting a
lot of hate from that next Wendy Eric
ain't the only thing I said about Dara
was that she was pretty we both said
that she was pretty we didn't mention
anything about her skin tone at all when
I said the era oh but oh yeah she's
pretty she's pretty that's the only
thing I said about the earth and then
when they mentioned seeing her without
makeup they they said oh well I think
Damian said can I see it without makeup
or something like that and I just
repeated him I said he oh he said
Linda's here when I make us deflect it I
say anything about her skin tone and I
said she was pretty so oh wait one more
thing one more thing I think I've heard
I left it out when it was that summer
Ella the only thing I said was because
Kris was passed he passed summer Ella I
said yeah cuz he act like killing like
rousting girl that's all I can say he
act like he like brown skinned girls now
I didn't say anything wrong because it's
not my part if he don't like brown
skinned girls everybody has a preference
you can't get mad at me for saying that
my husband has a preference just because
I said she's a pretty brown girl and my
husband don't he act like in a light
brown skin girls I didn't say anything
wrong I don't mean that I'm trying to
act like just because I'm a lighter skin
tone down I'm better than a
brown-skinned girl like that means I
have anything against darker tone women
so I'll get a lot of hate from that I
was getting so much hate I was reading
some of the comments and they were just
like ridiculous like first I'll be also
words on the mouth and then they were
like some about some oh I know you're
not talking because the airings are
better than you and Bianca put together
and that I got I'm like first off nobody
even came at her nobody said anything
about anybody in the wrong way you know
I'm fair if anything I said if she was
pretty I compliment to her so I don't
know what people were getting so mad and
if y'all want to go back and watch the
video
go go watch it and see if you see if I
really said something wrong because it
really pissed me off because people were
sitting up here acting like I have a
color is an issue I don't have a color
first off let me just set the record
straight I'm not racist at all I'm not I
don't know if what the word is but I'm
not um colors trucks I think that's
that's the that's the name of it
I'm not colors truck I don't care if I'm
like skin and you dark me and I'll be
friends with you like I don't think that
I'm better than the next person
I also got better than anybody in if you
really know me then you would know that
I don't try to act like I'm better than
anybody I'm a very humble person and I'm
very friendly to people like I never
talk about nobody I never mess with
nobody and I just feel like the hate
that I'm getting is unnecessary you know
I'm saying like I know that you know
i'ma get hate period because that's just
like it just comes with it sometimes
people just hate for no reason sometimes
people put hate comments just for no
reason just to get your attention but it
was a little bit too much of those
comments going for me so I have to make
a video and just put a disclaimer out I
don't have nothing against darkness all
women I don't think I'm better than
anybody just because I my skin if you
ask me I wish I was a little bit darker
because sometimes I like me in this
yellow you can see all of our flaws I
think that melanin is beautiful like I'm
not gonna lying out of other day I've
seen I've seen an African woman Dubrow
she was like her skin was so so dark
like it was one of the darkest skin I
ever seen but she was so beautiful I'm
just sitting here like gazing at her
life oh my god I'll have to learn to you
know I'm saying okay yeah I was just
gazing at her beauty like so then and
there I knew I knew that I don't have a
colorism issue you know I really had to
I went back and watch the video myself
and I kept replaying it and I'm just
like okay I didn't say anything wrong
like obviously if I did feel like I said
something wrong I would be on here um
apologize
and stuff like that you know I'm saying
or I would feel bad but I'm not going to
apologize for something that I didn't do
I didn't say anything wrong y'all can go
back and watch the video but I just
wanted to make this glamour video
because guess what Queen loves everybody
I don't care if you black yellow purple
pink with red polka dots like I can make
friends with anyone I can be friends
with anyone I don't think I'm better
than anyone never there okay I'm not
that kind of girl
I'm really not because guess what honey
I know I have flaws like trust me I look
an awful lot of every single day so I'm
got time to be turning my nose up to
somebody else because of what kind of
skin tone you guys know like are you
serious
I don't do that like I said this is just
a disclaimer video and if anybody did
get offended I'm sorry that you got
offended but I would advise you to just
go back and watch the video and listen
to I said carefully because you really
know that I didn't see anything wrong a
lot of people were saying that I said
she's pretty for brown-skinned rod never
said that I would never say anything
like that I said she's a pretty brown
girl and that's in fact she is I'm a
pretty light girl you know I'm saying
that's just a fact so to all the people
who are saying all that negative stuff
if you're watching go back and watch the
video okay into all the people that
understand why I'm coming from thank you
so much I appreciate it I I really
appreciate it but this camera is about
to die and I just want to make this
video I got some more videos coming for
y'all so make sure y'all tuned in and I
did a cover early on the Chris McQueen
channel by me bout to start doing some
of this channel because I heard y'all
complaining like put it on your channel
so I'm going to do that okay so give me
um in the comment section put song
requests okay so yeah that's all I got
to say I love you guys and I got to go I
got a new baby I'm also sleeping okay
bye
