right now you are not holding Dan Gritti
I'm still going through what's poppin
everybody should grow CLE back again
with another video
I told job that I was going to try my
hardest to upload as much as I can
yesterday I didn't upload a video I
don't know if the story time I did last
time I don't know if that was like what
two days ago
get out two days ago so I'm back here
again doing another story time for y'all
because you guys said that you enjoyed
the last one so it is about y'all it's
like literally like 1242 a.m. and I'm up
late and I just decided it well I'm
sitting on my own just scrolling through
my timeline why not do a story time so
this story time is going to be about a
time where I got a pretty intense
warning from guys like and something I
made believe in gladsome y'all I may not
first off just a little bit about my
background when I was younger I grew up
in the church I grew up singing in
church I just grew up in like a
Christian a Christian household like we
wasn't perfect you know we had drama we
had ups and downs and stuff like that
but through everything like we always
believed in God like heavily so I grew
up and I still have that belief
I believe in God heavy so I want to UM I
want to tell you about a time when I was
like what I think I was 14 or almost 14
and 15 I'm going to say for it to you
either one of those and by the way
excuse my hair y'all it's like I said is
12 is 12 a.m.
and honestly I just like to show you all
like how I am how I would just be around
the house period like this is me I'm not
always going to come on my videos
looking hot minute sometimes I might put
on makeup and do my hair and stuff like
I see a lot of other girls who have
channels like every time I get on there
like they make up be slave my hair be
late and all that stuff
and that's that's fine and all but Queen
Queen is just going to come just like
it's me and you sitting in the room just
talking and we haven't sleep over it so
yes I just want to give a little
disclaimer on that but this is was about
what 14
I remember at 14 I was really really
like rebellious against my mom this is
around the time where she was still
still married to my students and like
you know me and had a lot of issues we
just kind of didn't really we clashed a
lot so it caused me to be like really
distant from my mom not just for my mama
just distant from like my sister my
brother all of them know Stan my room
stuff and like I would be so just
wrapped up and my friends at school and
I mean which is kind of normal probably
like if you go back to when you was 14
or if you are that age now you probably
like more so be sticking around your
friends and stuff like that and you
might have a boyfriend or a girlfriend
or whatever and but I was real
rebellious towards my mom and like well
Lutheran Church you know I won't really
like pay attention but I knew who that
was like and I knew that he was serious
and it was a serious thing
I loved the attention and I was just
always be doing like doing bad stuff you
know but I knew right from wrong and you
know a lot of us know right from wrong
so I was just basically I was acting up
a lot I was acting out but I always knew
that God I had like a calling on my life
since I was like since I was a baby like
this if I was more like I know the guy
got a call on my life like he even gave
me a voice and I know that he gave me
his voice for him it's like when I was
in church I suppose be taking him
serious but I wasn't I was out doing
like a lot of other stuff
I was supposed to be doing at school and
basically my mom say you know what it's
you know if you listen to me then you
don't have to listen you have to give
account to God
and you know she said that and I thought
about it but I really didn't pay
attention sup y'all the scariest dream I
had I don't know if you guys know about
the rapture or whatever like that but um
I believe in the rapture the rapture is
when God comes back to earth get all the
people that was right with him and like
you know the day rise person and the
people who are still like a lie like
they rise up you know stuff like that
and he he just get all his together all
his people that lived you know holy and
live right for him so I had a dream that
okay this is how the dream this is how
the dream started so I'm standing in
line in in front of me was my mom and
that teaches my steps dead in the front
of my mom and like I'm getting by like
this and then like on the side of me
over here there's like a wooden table
and I don't I couldn't see who it was
but from from the filling of it so like
you love God sitting at the table and
ahead of all of us there was a gate now
I couldn't see his face but all I know
that it was like a outlining of a body
it was like an orb but it was like a
spirit but you knew it it was a heavenly
experience he had Howard so I'm guessing
that it was God and I'm guessing that
this was Judgment Day or something like
that I'm standing in line and you know
he he's judging my subjects
in my stepdad you know he in turn to the
gate and then there's my mom and then
you know I didn't reset her but I'm
guessing she must have got in and when I
got to me like when I got to me it's
like he said he said depart from me I
don't I know you
and in the Bible it says that like you
know on Judgment Day like those are
going to be the word that he say like
he's gonna say either either he's gonna
say um well done you know that didn't
faithful servant you know you can enter
into the gate and if you don't make it
then he's going to say depart from here
and I know you so when I got to me
that's what he said you know like that
so let's imagine imagine just just take
a moment to imagine yourself standing
there like before God you know I'm
seeing it in he tell you if you don't
know you like your name is not like
written in the book of life your name is
not written you know down to to go to
heaven and imagine God telling you that
like what can you do you can't you can't
argue with them you can't do nothing are
you all you can do is just I was not
even cry you're probably just gonna
disappear so this is what happened when
he told me that
I have room to say nothing you're like I
didn't have room I'd have time to say
anything like all I know is as soon as
he said that Caleb like that like it was
like that I was going I had disappeared
but when I disappeared I suddenly ended
up on this road and it wasn't like dark
road y'all like it was just dark dark
road it was not only me on the road but
it was like it was so many other people
on his roll y'all and they it was people
in front of me to one side and people to
back of me everybody had on these these
white t-shirts but the white t-shirt um
they were dirty and they were like torn
they were ripped so I'm guessing that
the shirts to select a white shirt is
like you know pure white
you know stands for purity and then the
shirt that like the ones that was the
torn the tears in the wrist and all that
stuff in the dirt that I think that
represented all of our sins in all of
our you know our skills and yes
everybody to tell me these Rick shirts
and ever just walk in somewhere running
I think we were like kind of like
jogging and everybody had his worried
looks on their faces like and then there
was this white guy next to me and he
looked at me I hope I look cool when he
looked at me first but what I must say I
think no he said Tunisia but you didn't
make it you to make it either and I was
like no want to make a no and y'all
that was like just going down a dark
road like that was a scary thing and it
burned like that was the most scariest I
thought I doesn't my scariest dream I
ever had because there's nothing worse
like we you know we live here you know
but this life is temporary off so that's
why I got chose not to be too caught up
into our stuff into like the way of the
world and stuff like that and material
things because this body everything like
this whole world everything is temporary
are like if you're still not right like
you don't mean nothing
I'm telling you so for I woke up and
y'all I remember the whole house was
dark because they must have had to be it
had to be middle of the night and bro
and I tell you I got Apple on it how I
was looking for my mama out of whom I
stood down try and make sure they were
still there because I thought the guy
that came back and I was left like and
when I when I seen it they were still
there it's like I had this huge huge
relief like big ol mountain on my back
because y'all that was the most scariest
feeling ever like even now sometimes I
still I still worry about because nobody
knows nobody knows the day or the hour
you know I'm saying that he gonna return
and it's like so many of us are doing
our own thing so many of us are getting
wrapped up into our lifestyles and that
we forget that we forget why we're
really here like what I purposes and
like some of y'all may not believe you
know I'm stand-in but some of y'all do
believe in that but you just you know
you don't put enough effort as much
effort as you should you know what with
the relationship women echo for me too
because y'all like it was the time where
I was like heavy heavy heavy
today and like I slid back in and slid
back like you know and lately like I
haven't even been going to terms like I
haven't found a church home but in order
to find a church home you got to go
you've got to you know go try to find
one so it's like I've been slacking like
heavily and like it means more than
anything that we doing on this earth I'm
telling you just because you young and
just because you know you doing your own
thing make sure you don't forget your
purpose here because not everybody here
for a purpose see for everybody here for
a reason no matter how old you are he
put you here because you want to you
know use you and if you make mistakes
and stuff like that everybody makes
mistakes everybody has seen everybody
has weaknesses that they deal with but
them is not about what you do it's about
what you do after you do it like do you
learn from it you know I'm saying and
you know God may let you get away with
something for so long but then he'll
warn you you know he'll send you a sign
either in dreams or like you'll be able
to tell because how stuff goes in your
life and a lot of people you know they a
lot of people turning into God because
they feel like oh well you know this
happened to me or um why did he let this
person down in my life like another
thing y'all don't turn against God
because something that happened in your
life
he nonsense you have to remember that he
is he
and you it much is like stuff you know
happens in our life to say you can't
really question you can't really
question why he does think because our
mind that I made to understand
everything he's doing like we're only
human side we think we think naturally
but God is like he likes supernatural
you know fan and a lot of us don't see
supernaturally a lot of us don't have
faith like I was supposed to have faith
one thing you never want to let happen
is God to kill you depart from me I
don't know you make sure you know
whatever you do you put him first and I
even me and I have to learn some stuff
like honestly this fall right here
honey this phone is a distraction of
this world like they made the phone with
everything on it and it's like I put the
Holy Bible Apple near and like sometimes
when I try to read the Bible it's like I
see notifications popping up at the top
and I get distracted and I'll pull it
down for that because I'm having a issue
within myself where I need to be
strengthened
you don't saying just try to put in
effort and remember that when you when
you try to go back to God you know or
when you're trying to go to God you
never had a relationship with them
remember it take baby steps y'all don't
think that you have to be completely
perfect because that's where people go
wrong they think all I'm not perfect you
know I don't feel worthy enough to go to
him you want all the sinners like he
walked all of y'all like you want the
drug dealers you want strippers you want
the people to have a problem with
watching pornos like literally I'm just
keeping it real like a lot of us have
issues like and we can't help like we
can't help it it are but if we keep
thinking natural who keep seeing with
the natural eye of course we're not
going to be able to we're not going to
be able to help it but if you take it's
a guy you're I'm saying take your
problems to him
and you know ask them to deliver you
from that zone it's more serious than
which I'll think like God is nothing to
play around with and I would hate to see
me any of my family or anybody any of
y'all I would hate to see y'all you know
miss miss your mark because in the end
that's all the matters none of this
stuff is going to matter you I'm telling
you like this YouTube stuff you know I
love doing it and but at the end of the
day if we don't put God first and if you
know we don't learn from our mistakes
and strive for better and you know try
to be positive for other people that
because I know I joke around a lot y'all
I know me and Chris we joke around a lot
together but at the end of the day if we
don't put some kind of positive image
out there and not to say you know we
want to be put on a pedestal or be being
looked at like perfect please don't look
at it perfect cuz we're not I'll be the
first to say that we're not perfect we
all make mistakes we all see and we all
mess up but at the end of the day it's
about what you do after it you know it
did you learn from this young girls
young guys just watching it um remember
that I love you all and God loves y'all
and he and he just want to see I'll do
right he he he just want to be pleased
with y'all this off that was the most
scariest time ever when I thought that I
got live like after that you do like
dunno what's going to happen do y'all
know what's going to happen when that
spirit leave this earth like when he
leaves like it's already back that's
happening and God is still here you know
with us
but imagine when he leaves like what
it's like we were going to do we can't
do nothing it's going to be a New World
Order people that's against God if Gumby
like Dean is running the earth do y'all
really want to be
like when I happen they're gonna force
you to take the mark they're going to
force you to basically be on the other
side I'm going to have to take the
devil's mark to eat - you know tool is
basically tool is you don't want to do
that y'all want to do that man so I
didn't want to come and tell you how
this story time because there's a
message in it you know regardless of
like everything else you know I'm out of
the story time because I got the worst
story times kind of like there's some
crazy stuff didn't happen in my life you
don't tell you but I love the first
times like just just pay attention to
this one I'm not selling y'all nothing
wrong but um I'm go ahead and yeah it's
103 now I'm gonna go ahead and knock out
you guys
you know just remember everything I said
and if you have questions you're not
seeing y'all can't ask them in the
comments below whatever and you know if
you don't believe you know I told you
you know I can't make nobody believe
nothing I just did my part and telling
you I'm not going to challenge you even
if I can use to like you know if you try
to challenge me to something about guys
or his word I'm not going to even
respond guys word is too precious to to
me arguing over like I know what's real
I know that my god is real kind of I
told me that he's not I don't care what
it happens like I know he real so can
have I changed my mind about that at all
you guys Oh Lord he's kitchen though I
hope y'all enjoy and I love y'all thank
y'all for watching don't think I'll see
them subscribers going up I see them
numbers going up and I thank y'all so so
much I hope that they keep going up
because I have a lot more in store feel
I'm not just going to be doing story
times I'll be doing vlogs too
you
