what's poppin everybody sugar queen bee
and it's obvious I've really been
slacking slacking is not even a word
like I love it
focusing on a Christian Queen Channel
and it's clear that I have loyal very
loyal people I'm still gaining
subscribers like every single day and I
barely had videos on here I don't know
why I don't have the drive to wake up
and just do a video for this channel
please I guess I'm just lazy
I think I think I just need to come to
the conclusion that I'm lazy in I need
to stop being lazy and I need to start
putting more videos on this channel like
literally a video every day I know a
thing like I'm not a woman of my word
because are descended couple videos like
it's been videos from the other channel
but yeah like I really been slacking in
I got almost 63 thousand subscribers in
it's time that I get to work I don't
want to just be ignoring y'all I don't
want y'all to think that you know I'm
all about participating Paige and I my
hormones I really want to make this
channel successful a little so with that
being said I am going to do a story
times and I gladly I got my nails done
y'all I can't y'all can't really see
nothing but like glitter but
it's like a breath it's like a new Brown
like a coffee brown I wish I could see
it I wish I could show you all
okay QC okay there you go there you go
but today well tonight story time is
going to be about how I broke the bro
code and by that being said I don't mean
bro code like I'm a bro and I broke for
my bro code I don't know what kind of
code I actually broke foot of man I want
wipe off my eyebrow actually this is my
real eyebrow yo is this I built it in
which I'll think about my way the only
things obviously the only thing I really
feel like I need to work on is my wing
in my cut crease because I want to be
with you much like all sloppy and nubby
trying to do makeup tutorials and stuff
like that like I know how to contour and
all that stuff but it's just the wink I
really need to work on because sometimes
like I just be walking out the house to
look in a minute how to miss my wing to
be looking a minute but anyway okay I'm
going to tell you guys the time where I
had a whole slew it was a complete next
little hole move and I regret it with
everything like I regret it with
everything in me because it made me look
stupid
you know how you try to get a guy back
you'd also breaking your heart and stuff
like that and you go out and you do
whatever you want to do but you end up
looking like a total complete that this
story is really transparent this is a
time I split with my exes
friend
this is terrible this would be real with
y'all because I'm a real person you
don't saying everybody makes mistakes
everybody has done something dumb in a
life don't judge me you know I'm saying
I'm not like that anymore of course that
my husband and I don't carry myself that
way this is back when I was like in high
school so there was a guy I dated and
you know what happened was he took my
virginity
wait should I rewind this okay I'm just
I'm just not the keyboard
he took my virginity in like you know
when you get your virginity taken it's
like it's a real special thing in I
thought that that I was in love with him
but I wasn't
he took my virginity and he promised me
that you know guys they always make
promises and stuff like that and they
never keep them he promised me that he
was never gonna cheat on me he wasn't
going to talk to nobody else and I asked
him from the beginning they had like
before we ever started dating this is
what this was a talking stage I assets
that he has any ties with anybody else
like any of the girls
no ex-girlfriend on drama no on-and-off
drama you know with a girl he told me no
even have competed have no ties so
basically you know I got comfortable
with him and he took my virginity which
I have been actually planning to save my
virginity until marriage but it's like
the Sultan just happened where you know
I was so eager to lose it I don't know
why girls if you still a virgin
claps are you for real like that is so
special I and you can wait on Avila to
focus camera focus about focusing okay
there we go
if you can wait y'all wait wait girls
I'm telling you when you have sex
you'll feelings get involved to like and
I was so wrapped up in him after he
broke my heart it's like I couldn't stop
crying for like three months and I did
something stupid
i'ma get into that too so basically this
guy told me even has ties with nobody
was doing good and stuff I got
comfortable enough to lose my virginity
to him and then all of a sudden in life
I started seeing what he would text
people like his phone but his phone
would like be this way you know like
what I said no I'm saying you know I
expected somebody trying to hide it we
will be in a car if he had a car and he
would take me home from school we went
to the same pool it was seniors he would
like take me home and one day I seen
like a girl pop up on their name I'm
like I see your name I'm not gonna say
your name
I've seen her name pop up and stuff like
that so I asked him about it you say it
was nothing
okay so then there was this home there
was this and this was like this was the
boyfriend I had before I met Chris so
keep in mind I was a senior when I met
Chris too but this was like later on my
senior year so what happened was we went
to was I think it was a homecoming
sawaki he wants to take me to a
homecoming football game at his old
school you know okay so we can go so
when we went and we got in the parking
lot like we was sitting in a car I'm
just like okay why aren't we going out
the car like what's going on so I was
sitting in his lap who has cut it up in
a car and then some girls came and
knocked on the window
i'ma just say a different name i'ma say
Brittany some girls max in the window
what eyes
Britany and I'm like just looking like
no I'm queen so when they seemed that it
wasn't Brittany and it was me and my
face they looked at him like little my
god what you doing you're not saying who
is this so I got real I got real with
the words what's the where would you
like I can't drink the whistle I got
real well what's going on I really can't
think it is where y'all they said what I
just got real oh my god what the speaker
we're here bro I just was looking at him
like what are they talking about you
know I'm saying so that was a red flag
right there then come to find out he
ended up telling me that he didn't want
to go in because his ex was an F if your
ex is a near and she's your ex she's a
ex for a reason so if y'all have no ties
and where you worry about you know I'm
saying obviously must don't have
feelings for this girl so make some make
long story short he basically had been
on and off for her for like two years in
the two-year relationship and he came
and met me and got a relationship with
me when they were on their off period
you know how you wanted off of somebody
with you know yo you you won't get back
with him that's how it was with him to
her and it was like I was like a rebound
FD broke on me and say that you just
want to be friends we wasn't talking for
a while and then we were in fifth hours
and he texted me out of nowhere was like
hey do you want to come back to my house
and me being all vulnerable and stupid
you know I was like nah but I ended up
going I went back to his house with him
I said we wasn't doing nothing
long story short we ended up doing
something he took me home and you know I
was feeling all good like you know we
had a chance to get back together and
stuff like that and next thing you know
I got on one his facebook status and she
comment afterwards and she puts a little
carrot like saying
you got a stalker and I was like stalker
I was just at his house like I was just
with him so and he asked me to come
without so then he calls me like right
afterwards like he called me right after
like literally but our teachers drop me
off or 30 minutes out he just dropped me
off he called me like Queen and I'm like
what it like I know you know about to
check me about this other girl because
you know I'm saying I know you know
about to check me for her guess what she
was in the background she was with a
background her in the background he's
like I'm with her I'm with her right now
like right after he just got done doing
stuff with me and having said to me and
using me and it's like you know he was
what her right after so that was the
last straw for me y'all like I was
pretty much done with guys at that point
I was so vulnerable I was so hurt and so
heartbroken my mom had tell me stop
crying over him so I was venting on
social media and one of his friends I
don't know if it's his friend though
because the only thing I would do is
smoke tickets so basically what happened
was on his friend message me he was like
hey you wanna watch the movies you know
I said they're by me you know being
vulnerable like that and stuff is also
probably wanted to get him back I said
yeah you won't say I was I was a little
you know a little iffy about it at first
but I just end up going to go fight
nanda's dude I broke my heart so now I'm
have to go to the movie with Joe friend
you know I'm saying that comment see in
what happened was when do pick me up and
by the way I knew this dude - he went to
my school - but we not together no way
so he could pick me up and take me to
the movies oh when he picked me up you
know he was even taking me straight to
movies he took me to his house and he
made it seem like he wanted me to meet
like his mom's and stuff like that and I
was just
looking like wild lobbying your parents
like it's not going to go this way and
stuff like that and you know he made it
seem like you just wanted me to meet his
parent and I met his mommy's little
sister and I okay you know I think we
better go to the movies and we got to
his room and it's like okay it's like
y'all he just click talks his weight
like we talked for a minute
that night he slick talked his way into
my pants and I know that it's part like
it takes two to tango but I wasn't
strong like I wasn't strong I was very
weak I was very vulnerable and I really
wish I really wish that I could just go
back in time and change that because
that was so that was so not ladylike
that was so not be that was so holy Sh
like I was doing sometimes you get
vulnerable and stuff happens you do
things that are not like you like that's
why you never say never because you you
never know what predicament you are
getting in to do something and that
wasn't me like I wasn't like that the
whole time it was happening in fact I
was thinking about in like why am I
doing this why do we just want to doing
this but it's like it was already
happening so I just you know I was like
okay forget it
after he got done or after we got done
like he got up and went to the bathroom
he was in the bathroom for the longest
and all I could remember thinking was I
know he in your text and oh my god no he
in there texting his voice and what just
happened and stuff like that and the
next thing you know you know when I go
home I get a text like the next day from
my ex which I don't even know why he
even was texting me he takes me he was
like you know basically called me off
out my name and stuff and it's just like
really backfire on me what I did like
it was out of weakness I was vulnerable
I was weak and at the same time I had a
mind of revenge and it just backfired on
me and it made me look so it just made
me look so bad and I just wish that I
would never do that but that was the
time that I slept with my ex's friend I
would say friends I guess now I would
say friend because they were hanging out
so that was terrible that was Ellis but
you know what if I would never let that
stupid person that didn't deserve my
precious gift if I would never let him
take you I probably would have never did
that I was totally different when I was
a virgin and then after I lost my
virginity I kind of like a little wild
and like I said girls if you can keep
you over gin if you can weight me in
weight I'm telling you is so worth it in
the end like I know somebody is 22 right
now still virgins I just look at her
like a I look at her like a pearl or a
diamond or something like so so pure
like it's such a good thing to wait it's
such a good thing the way because things
like that it's like doing things like
that it could lead to other things I'm
telling y'all if you can wait wait I
wish I would have waited on my husband
so yeah y'all that's a story of how I
was being a little rest alongside you
know don't judge me but you know I had
to be transparent what you got in just
give this poor Tom so hopefully y'all
still love me and you know I longer I
couldn't forgive myself for doing it but
I finally gave myself and glad forgave
me you know
and um he became before a lot of stuff
because I do a lot of stuff I shoulda
lost my virginity in the first place
before marriage he forgave me for that
but he it took me a long time to forgive
myself in it so look lady like I said if
you can wait wait and thank you guys for
watching this video I love you I love
all y'all who subscribe and I hope I
hope that y'all keep subscribing and I
hope that all you know stay around stick
around because I have more videos coming
I'm gonna try - you also put more videos
I promise the more storage times and
stuff like that and I want I also want
to do some challenges the challenges and
sub this and cook a video so because I
can cook I could cook I just don't I
don't cook a lot because we always out
but I can cook differently okay so let
me start talking and um yeah okay I'm
about to knock out and go to sleep
I just want to do a video for your soul
I love you guys and thanks for watching
stay tuned for the next video oh by the
way follow my Instagram qu e is in a IJA
underscore queen Nyjah underscore okay
love you guys
