it was good gardener it's your boy Chris
there you know looking good from the cut
you found me I got my baby over here and
or her makeup
hey baby hey what you doing to make a
baby consider time with me because when
I wake up my eyes and dirt moves' ha
anyway we in the story I'm naked
come here laughs I can good morning
everyone
listen dr. work super cute we're broke
he was a food distributor yeah it's fuck
in the way whatever you
although they say um ma'am I can't let
you set it for the baby but yeah I can't
wait to go back on they said two weeks
I'm gonna call a doctor and I'm going
like a week before people see you baby
good everyone see my baby
okay we don't want to be late birth
because I'm look just like you Julie's a
little like me
it's only like a while you say to do
anything wrong cuz I wanna show you
something before you do baby is nothing
I kept it on you look dark
so these are sleeping or not wait are
you guys thinking around with just one
baby don't have all my features I will
never tell who really add any Wow
so y'all hear that right y'all see what
I got to go through sorry
she said the baby not mommy get over
okay y'all see what I gotta go through
though he tricky - thank you - laughing
that's maybe really naturally the common
are the baby not long school a six week
because you that honor this morning so
outside in baby naturally girl will sit
down each other fresh toast if you just
want me Center tomorrow baby hormones oh
but my practice number of the engine
into stone really
I see belly here
and human vision you agree with you this
is about are really clear balmy support
system okay I gotta go look in culture
and you can tell me
all right now bro we on the road to the
million subscribers oh no man we love
y'all we thank you I appreciate y'all so
much man saundra my boy Damian you know
instead I wear cloth lighter them over
their breath look we're playing see in
Syria right now so what did you want to
be going you guys over here bird o our
volatile educated oh yeah okay thank you
alright so armed with everything said I
went all by the lava on YouTube right
now
order me to say so I went up to the blog
y'all that's not what you get off my
Mountain
that's not no ugly I mean what's a move
on with my life yesterday so we set out
there yeah you want to switch the thumb
down one of our videos go viral one well
Joe hey Doc being like 15 other so drugs
laughs I'll see to 12 111 deserves a
home one of our videos
something happened dad I also
immediately
listen everybody
thank y'all so much that I got in my
bowl of cereal because you're involved
with at the moment
camera umbrella shout out to everybody
brush out to the scribe we appreciate
y'all so much cnq monkey for life breath
uh we on our own ice 2 million manages
get better and better from here they all
got a family that's a little ol time
well we decided it's about like what
what you said in the soup yeah I think
you look so attractive in a suit all you
want to see me in a silver you see what
my sister people okay baby what you do
then head up everybody start
we love baby yeah I'm recording this
video real quick oh you gonna be on my
Facebook page I mean you will be on my
youtube channel you gonna be on my
youtube channel
yeah yeah come up with very little
longer
Chris wall massage and I'll friend her
you listen in on my billionaire buttered
although the polls I don't know love
exists people let me go I'm so hungry
I'm starving which I think about this
color in my hair I really like it I
think I want to go back black like not
brown like this I'm sorry bones blank
want to go back
we'll do a mahogany
I want some sofa with some some um they
looking to self-enroll new religion
elephant yam zackaroni teeth of grains
of green hawks mimics wholesome red
holes and fried chicken oh this baby in
me and hungry man yes Michelle
hallelujah thank you Jesus
yes the brown also that anyway so I
don't know the I see in the previous
like a couple minutes back when Saturday
was a month
she was just funny off repete she was in
for that baby warm I like hmm what if
she wasn't then why would a she was
telling me
which is really hot mouth
see you soon I mess up you messed up
totally Mercia I don't know garbage to
be golden boys you know should we go to
worry shall deceive the very modest
because coins on what the baby a Mars so
Queen said the baby with tomorrow's burn
soul I don't know what to believe right
now I don't know what to believe she
said the baby not mine so it is not you
don't have to call this crystal into it
and browser I don't notice a flower this
butterflies is go birth don't even know
where you want anyways man we Libra
which is like the Taylor girls
performance at Hot 100 was it hot 107.9
bro we didn't even get the record if he
always saw everything I left my freaking
so when we got there he grizzly was
there we just took a picture with sada
baby
it was let press on our Instagram if you
go follow our instagram crystal-clear
underscore you would see it but that
drug-related attack we went to support
the taylor girls and i ain't even no t
grizzly was going to perform see grizzly
point before and right after that we
couldn't even go in because it got ice
take pictures with it was too many guys
take pictures we trying to make it and
watch the telegrams performed everybody
was rushing this i should take pictures
so anyways breasts are a little bit
camera I had a momentum side to delete
the memory but anyways right after we
left matty grizzly was there and I wish
I would have known that because I
would've got a picture with Steve Bisley
McCoy we got a picture hood on our
Instagram breath so anyways we got back
to the house
alright now I don't know what do we
understand ourselves even go play
basketball go to the movie I took like a
movie but I hear everybody talking about
the tooth
we'll be saying is lying breath I don't
know why they saying that but everybody
keeps saying it's lame and 50 cent said
you might as well get it on freaking
boules all type of stuff everybody
talking like a - bug movie saying I
don't even know I haven't seen you as
almost feels more cells to act there or
they just did it you know I don't know
direct it really good who knows
I don't know closer in your foot hurt
I'll chop your dog out of here I swear
listen I'm looking to see if I got a
heel spur loose oh no no this is the
Segway heart into my apology bro
why did you go you're next so another in
Rio yeah boss ocean low tide you can
also use done yoga so logos exactly yeah
she is there she is anything special
western clothes for my minutes flight
you know saying and now a go subscribe
to flight time in there early and he
live birth so y'all you know I'm saying
so I don't know about the lot of others
and play basketball for going to to the
movies like I said but we've got to see
right now
I thought you finish which is a lot but
we love y'all thanks for the million
subscribers today we just hear that many
scarves today thanks to everybody but
thanks to everybody man we appreciate
y'all so much
I don't know how much I mean to us man
but anyway it's going which one to do
right now but you out the Billy Graham I
believe some pop-tarts upstairs
breakfast playing playing oh fuck you
said but yeah so anyways man I'm gonna
eat this hot anymore I think Damien and
I think gaming Jamie will do a bit of
missile stuff right now the unboxing
Peter Cutler somebody EMF outside race
y'all I'm so seriously hungry I already
said that and I'm just saying you're
good planner cause my mouth swish I
can't get up my foot hurt I hurt so bad
yeah much better y'all and I'm hungry so
as long as I get those two things fixed
I'll be okay
other than that when other than that
went on we go home I will be seeing if I
can go to the doctors a little bit
earlier to see if they can see the baby
oh now you want to another Rasta just
maybe we'll just mistress fucking speak
