hey baby boy mommy miss you
you may know I love you
oh my gum baby hi baby
Oh mommy missed you someone what you
doing baby
oh oh what's your daughter how you say
nothing I love you oh my god I miss him
so much
who's our blackboard that's Carla oh
yeah oh I love you that I love you
he's Lau - did you miss me
you missed you miss daddy and mommy oh
we miss you till we gonna see you so
soon okay I bet you I know you good
thank you
okay baby well mommy we don't call you
back later okay and check on your poopoo
okay I love you okay bye-bye
okay love by all means what is always
his first time doing it Chris I'm just
my baby so much bro like I have never
been away from my baby
there's our oh we've been away from home
now for if the four days not and we
never we always have our baby with us
like we never ever leave our baby
well I think you know we'll be back to
start doing like
a lot of bigger things you know a lot of
that is going to have to happen but we
don't try to include him in a lot of
stuff do but he's just so adorable dogs
I know on the 10th
that's all Chris has say at least I got
my baby my little baby here with you at
least I got both away from you now down
my other baby my stomach to lose her hot
picture hide in a dress you you hurt
yarns they clear this gate who did it
all you so cute and you just smile I'm
glad that he's okay though
like even holding up very well for us
like to have lessons before 90 he was
doing good good like I'm telling y'all
we FaceTime him like almost we've been
spending a lot throughout the day and
every time we say something
what he doing this every time we
FaceTime him what he's smiling laughing
he either eating or sleeping like doing
something so you've been doing pretty
good
he not decide to like when we walked out
but I only walked out what our suitcases
I'm thinking you must start crying
what'd you say brother there were long
bye Wow okay it's like this but yeah I'm
glad you don't do it I don't want to add
I will hope that you will be kind of
like that so today y'all um we just want
to make a video for you on which I know
how we were doing and we say yesterday
you know we've been pretty busy so we
still have set up these videos and foxy
homage on those mine will not ever send
because some stuff it's a secret but um
we just look like I just got in the
shower I woke up before Chris and Alison
if I did when you do this Bay if I did
wake up before you the word how did you
ago before meatballs and junk food you
know I start for you about to say I know
my crazy I finish our before you Chris
is always a second to getting a shower
and like what
here do it sure I make me wait on him in
the bathroom why do you think in the
shower and I'm already hurt so my weekly
what because how do you think it off a
dry sponge right on but all when it is
done then they kind of matches today
look he got on black or gray told touch
me rule blackwell great go ask me about
bro bro give my bike a lot of place you
don't don't know what I do I'm so far as
my nail you can plainly talk to me bro
y'all we can't play pipes burger were
wrong with you my mail love miss Rousch
I refuse the talking you start getting
oh they look so sorry
you ain't got a Kendall I'm so sorry
BAE I just seen your soul then I
remembered baby baby can't we can't play
I got all right now bro you still go to
my throat blast I can add you man a
little bit hot girl and B you can so so
that's that means to play for I want to
do up with dreams dude
so we plant by right and you're going to
do be taking a good be anything but
looking in the guide Chinese character
alongside full forces going on anywhere
so let me touch them it would not know
Deborah got happy indeed
let me tell you you guys don't
understand like look at my hand they
chose Marlborough like a low person I
won't hurt but let me tell you what if
you like do a little death no heart
because his hands are big look at how
big his hands are know if that didn't
heard about this thing like going in
another plan
his hands are big they had handed oh you
look at Chris me towards together
I'm Maggie give me man cling on to the
wind returning I will be socialized
further
okay I wanted something like that but I
wanted the one that was black at the
bottom where every time what they call
eleven blended with bottom in a white
another vecinos baby the one Banega your
sister yeah y'all so it just like we've
been we've been busy with and working
okay we've been working but at the end
day we still we can't let that cancer
will interfere with you know giving
y'all updates and videos and some
magenta cos we know y'all misses I mean
come on our pizza queens I not do plan
we missed out too
oh yes that was good oh so that's what
we that's how you wash your clothes oh
you bitch nah oh it's all your blood is
not a black for me I probably order
missile buzz very close those are little
on it
by the way young just want to let you
guys know I know Solaria
students are still in college and then
y'all may be struggling with a class or
a gray or a dumb fricking 14 page essays
when you job right
school Branko a caboose right like a
lemonade faz survival like I don't think
about it amore so I put in Google alone
we would pretend to hate that broom like
what we really got to say that much of
Oz where Washington like I'm saying what
at 50 paise go loop a piece of Apple
right like about a deluxe website sect
and happen but anyway look if y'all have
essays anything charm needs help with
shout out the introvert er go to anybody
calm the link will be below in the
description you can hire somebody to
actually write your essay no plagiarism
certainly you you won't be caught some
still other people stuff okay
they're going to write for you and you
guaranteed to get the grade I found it
not a passing grade I'm talking about a
good great and tactic readers a deep a
good way is the A or B but you should
get a grade you should use a gonna age
you're going to don't get it egg so look
if you don't want to take your time you
don't write out that 14 page essay MC
jocks who go click the link in the
description and get shot a nerd okay I
get you are somebody I mean y'all y'all
probably smart too
but there's a smarter so yeah and it not
lazy they like to do math and stuff like
that and writing and that's what we love
it for this video y'all we gotta get to
where we got onto some other claim your
wheels try to get another video Jeng
Jeng Jeng Jeng Jeng Jeng Jeng Jeng Jeng
Jeng
Oh Vegas bitches I love Chris like this
whole town like they here like I got
defense that's another good thing though
you're all like I hate you look for my
baby but it's like I get more time with
Chris alone and it just makes me just Oh
the only I'm falling I'm talking out or
want to experience it I want to trade
fixes get my broom but anyway like that
says I've been having more time to spit
on my baby
at 11:00 so much you love you too you
say you love me more not to mention
yourself
we will go ahead in this video and try
to get something else out today y'all
thank y'all for watching and stay
updated all we have a are welcoming
y'all you know like oh my god bro the
other announcement at 6 o'clock no fuck
we not putting on nothing on YouTube so
a daily radio operator to go follow our
and stuff bro
go follow my Instagram and arm say go
call Lauren about legit neither one of
mrs. ottoman alright the room is pretty
clean let's go an effect on the show yo
Chris own we are talking here so now I
got in here right I want to show you our
artistry grill because I do not want to
miss this opportunity to see this and we
got some live stuff on your about it
let's to be layout promised all that I
would be y'all gonna be wait can I see a
crisp and clean underscore I'm gonna put
it anywhere it - yeah we go right here
Chris they call you underscore yeah we
go phone like that bottom was like flex
legit like no problems like writing on
an effect pause this video and go follow
yelling awake
yeah let's stop wheels out here today
but um yeah we don't go here it is the
old be sure to balance on Instagram make
sure your subscribers I have subscribe
and also you guys I love my husband
even though we love but we love you also
okay don't forget that we gotta go gay
we gotta go man you will be best
ralina so sexy together hey go subscribe
to clean China as well as a little and
description below clinics uploaded
videos today are tell me since I get to
be able today yeah we don't think I want
you so I'm a fortunate return because I
was lacking on my channel cuz I bet the
importance of this one also y'all the
girl family go subscribe to that channel
as well good we can't get home before me
before we go to Gilley's epicenter here
if I want videos
oh yeah y'all go subscribe to the system
we finally made our channel we call me
put more stuff on your yard from a tune
okay it's only one video of y'all you
know but go subscribe to the sales from
the sales from okay yeah we'll be doing
that in that on that page there is
nothing they would never do without CJ
dynamic so so basically the sales family
let me give you guys a lot of detail or
what that's one of me about the system
is basically going to be a lot of family
activities who are going to be dog with
maybe Krista simply because Chris
acquainted more so of our show and a
couple things
so everybody want to see Chris and what
that being said another channel for you
guys to see baby Chris more often so
every video is going to be all three of
those small three of us and we're gonna
be doing like activities like make it
slime and stuff like that like stuff
that we really don't do on a Chris
McQueen channel like and don't like a
lot of activities in the rest of us as
well anymore
yeah what descends from you going out
all three of us everything you see on
that channel
that's what I'm trying to say yeah so
make sure I said to Annette go subscribe
to it because means literally this our
first offer on the video wrong we got
153 you need them on their channel they
promote our first time promoting our
channel in social because never tell my
buddy that we had to show so so your
bonus are uploaded on a hundred
fifty-three subscribers make sure y'all
look at our whole description okay
because all the links will be in that
description everything so we can follow
any social media is going to get a
description that unify a clean channel
of the social Channel everything going
to be a description make sure as you
guys go take heat and go look look look
and read my watch let me read
come on sit if there's too many dogs in
the book I want five because I read
wants time to read it and I'll never
still have a problem any dollars but it
still cool though mu it okay you know
some time create just be talking mind
just to talk so we don't want how to
turn the camera off because we got
things to do okay now he's doing too
much okay we love you guys we'll talk to
are going on audacious friends will just
read scripts how to speak
