well it's about 3:00 in the morning
right now and I'm so tired I just got my
hair sewed in y'all I just got my hair
so then this is the ombre this is the
ombre loose I believe loose waves this
is my daughter here y'all look how I run
my fingers right through it and if I
wanted to dye this back like black
tomorrow I could but I'm just trying to
get used to this you can wash it diet
blow-dry it you can do everything you
want and go swimming ladies if you need
bundle just click the link in the
description if all you have to do I'm a
brand ambassador y'all like come on I
got to connect to the weave okay so all
the bundles boots and these bundles are
nice and me it just went with my hair so
good anyways look I'm actually about to
shut this camera off I know the blog
just started but this is the night
before the vlog tomorrow and tomorrow is
a big day because I everyone here my
baby's first heartbeat and y'all are
going to here with me okay
so yeah I have to get to bed for this
doctor's appointment early in the
morning we got to catch a flight to
Atlanta right afterwards y'all so huh so
mom's going to be a really busy day
I hope this vlog get put up by tomorrow
but I just want to show you guys my hair
and you know how to just run my fingers
through it it looks so not true so yeah
once again if you ladies new bundles
don't be hesitant to click the link in
the description okay not do it here love
you guys see you tomorrow morning
so as I can see on the attire
please welcome here forced me to go to
this not disappointment which I've said
to put a live on the go but also tire
some Sheik of ourselves but think move
now Google will be raised yes it's not
another day one cause now so tired
put swamp up well we try to talk it off
we go
anyways when I went to doctor's
appointment immediately BRB
so more or less 15 mins to Lorena
No
please love y'all
I'm just from the waist down y'all in a
little it acts so hard to get her ultra
so not get the object that is Oh TV I
don't know about this bedding at its own
TV
let me see so let the subscriber see
sister said no this looks like I'm
pregnant
the emotional connection mm oh good okay
I just don't want her thinking fallout
in fact little beach right there is that
would be so much of money can I come in
here and he's going to go over it with
you if everything stays the same that in
about two weeks we'll have you come back
to see me will repeat double personality
okay but until that time keep taking the
prenatal vitamin
I want to keep yourself well hydrated
you need to try and hear the link a
gallon of water
every day over the course of every day
and you guys have questions don't
hesitate and contact me but again that's
kind of what we're I know when they're
doing the ultrasound I'm not sure how
they exciting dining or or if you ask
them questions or they responded to but
will again because this looks big but
we're really talking about it's not
there's only like three centimeters so
it's very small we can blow it out and
make it look much bigger than that
so you guys' machine don't sound so I've
seen every lobby I did way too early for
that
oh yeah so even though you know when we
data pregnant people date it from your
last menstrual cycle but certainly you
don't ovulate for several weeks after
that right so we're talking about real
early and so it's not I have cases like
this where it's just too early in the
pregnancy to see but certainly yet we
wouldn't be able to start their heart
rate hearing test yeah yeah and this is
this is this is pregnant this is so
early on I can't tell you definitively
but one is the blood working oh I just
had an ultrasound done and basically
they seem a little beam but they said
it's a little bit too early and
sometimes it's too early in a pregnancy
to like actually see the fetus you know
for an embryo and he said to come back
in two weeks or whatever and maybe it'll
get bigger that way they can see what
kind of pregnancy is going to be like it
was going to be poor you know one bits
of was it one is complicated but
hopefully you hope everything is good
when you come back next week I had to
hear the baby's heartbeat but it's too
early right now so hopefully next and
the next the next visit I'll be able to
do it
Sonia everybody's do you have to feed
over here for right here ha house you
tell me what am a bunch of Caucasian
beyonc√©'s remember like Jersey hey
guess what all the best that happened in
the movies I'm so scared right now
look you see the old man right there so
like somebody's about to come stab at my
rival or something
okay so we leave the duck dish right now
I believe the doctors we are we gotta go
back instantly two weeks so they could
see some features on the baby oh I hope
I got my phone here claim for here oh
Jesus even said two cups wonderful here
anyway
so nothing for him but and so you got
sick alone so yeah so we dated into
Carmel Taco Bell and then we on our way
to hell on a baby yeah baby
so we are always tell Emma I just said
that come here when I repeat myself I
have to drive I'll have to drop on
anything I just said that clean here
whatever you want the same
they people all people always have a
second signal but no I wish you get some
shirts it's like no everybody learn it I
also do it ignites like no it's like no
but no good
opponent 11 here
good god I'm ready no Everly muscle in
here I like leaving your heart somewhere
and why she go won't you look at that
white people we are currently inside of
the store on a while recording like this
let me turn it around we're currently
inside of the store chris is getting a
few things before we go on our flight
and after this I've been craving
tocqueville so bad so talk about is
actually right across the street we
don't get to Taco Bell and I'm yeah and
then leave for the flight so I want to
do my makeup but I want to be doing too
much but I just want to do my makeup for
fun
hi babe thank you
I'm wondering if I should bring our
jacket to Elena I got to obey this is
what we need for real frill these two
lovely enlight for ruff Roo Ernie this
so currently we are actually on the
train through the next terminal and I've
never sick one of these
they'll have no kind of railing you're
nuts and light on the side and also
close it right up in your ear
taking a train over here which is my
Safari photography and not to my
knowledge it is not there you if you
look at all these are you motivated
that's what we would love today hoping
you dear Felicity are all seminary
they will begin on the place will be on
so
why is love this complicated we should
have been friends we shoulda waited girl
we can't go back in our hands explain to
me why we can't man
he's a 2 mins girlfriend
I remember to summon on I burger I had
to how you have my no else being no more
being no more wasted too much time
Dasia now you want to another hostage if
maybe he's away we'll just get script so
me and they just got to AP Elizondo and
right now he has planned a stupid 2k
now you are doing other audacious may be
different when milk just mistress
 dick
