what's up niggas good morning it's a
girl queen and today I'm about to do
yeah I'm about to do a Q&A I know I told
y'all I'm gonna be doing makeup
tutorials story times and stuff like
that and I know that y'all subscribed
and I was like okay we're at Queen
videos at because I only close to the
introduction and then that a little on
would you rather challenge with my
friends role in our mind I saw a posting
so listen today i am i doing video
because i feel like i made this channel
and i've been slacking only have two
videos up and all y'all subscribe and i
feel so bad that I haven't put out know
constantly off my I've been so busy with
the Chris and clean channel like that's
my main channel
we always doing stuff on that channel
but I'm gonna make time for you guys to
260 o answer just text me
but anyway alright so I'm trying to do a
Q&A so you guys can get to know me a
little bit more for me I know y'all know
me on the Chris and Queen ten of it all
I thought I'd get to know me as an
individual so I've made a video on
instagram my instagram is green not just
as to you II in in a IJ 8 under for at
the hill I just say I'm sorry oh yeah
kill you eat in in a I say a underscore
I'm going to put it right there anyway
so ima be on Instagram tell me would ask
me questions about what they wanted to
know so here we go the first question is
how old are you I am 21 years old I'm 21
baby old enough to drink but I don't
drink I don't drink on my second
question do you enjoy doing YouTube yes
like of course we're not
no I love doing YouTube YouTube is life
by God but YouTube is really fun of like
I don't know like it is you too next
question
do you and Chris have a lot of things
what the hell what kind of question was
it but um he's my husband I mean he fine
of course you know rub a bonus syllable
never not every time I get a chance nosy
okay where do you see yourself in ten
years I don't know if God is going to
come back but if you don't come back I
see myself very very successful probably
a millionaire with businesses and I also
see myself in the music industry I want
to say in the industry crowd they don't
want to be in the music industry it's
like I want to be independent but I
think I sell somewhere
being successful doing music expanding
my family when did you realize you love
the Chris let me tell you I fell for
this dude within like two weeks no no
okay let me not do much of my day not
two weeks because that's too quick about
a month
a lot of mine I didn't I don't know but
he said it first he says it wasn't hurt
and then I told him back so you it was
kind of like that head-over-heels love
at first sight contain no he is my first
love as well okay what's your favorite
food hold on yo my mom call me hello
I don't know
I don't know I know but look look I'm
like literally on a camera talk to you
okay okay oh yeah yes she always does
that anyway on okay what is your
favorite food well without that into
Houston I've been trying to these things
called raw fish and um I'll come on up
today's my patients who've been so good
see and what is my favorite food
um I like shrimp I write but I am not
about to eat no meat from no Chinese
restaurants ever again like no more ever
let me tell you our story real quick
hold on 6:30 time hold on I was eating
some general chicken dinner Tso's
chicken I think I'm desperate call me
and I thought I was chicken but it was
not chicken when I was I was chewing on
the chicken for like five minutes
straight I took it out my mouth and then
like I know it was like long breaded
thing but it was like it felt like
rubber and I'm like oh my god I think it
was a deal I think that was a red I
truly think that was a rest
that's why we'll eat Chinese I'm sorry
y'all don't get offended out there but
I'm not eating no tiny school because I
know I didn't sing them videos would I
be on bringing them a little dead dog to
the back of the restaurant
chopping up dogs up and stuff I know the
niggas be doing that feeding those dogs
and red and K but yeah anything oh and I
love the roasts hot room you know with
the own carrot in the potato celery do
you have a plan B if YouTube doesn't
work out no one YouTube has been very
successful in life changing before this
I was working a nine-to-five wolf at
9:00 to 5:00 8:00 to 4:00 security job
in like ever since I got fired from that
job is like I don't know like when I
first told you to it just changed my
whole life we moved from a one-bedroom
apartment to this nice four-bedroom
house it just benefits us
I think from here it's not really going
to be don't work out things I think it's
going to work out because from here what
we're going to do is invest into stuff
that can take us a long way in the long
run we get older and also I want to do
music so I want to do it all do you want
to have more children if so a boy or
girl I want a girl me and Chris really
really really want to grow like really
bad honestly like I want to grow before
went out what I thought that I was
having CJ that's what I really want to
grow so bad when I thought that I was
having a boy and I've seen that little
people pinkles in ultrasound I was like
oh my god are crying how many more kids
being planned on having and what would
you name them well in total I want at
least three support kids I want a big
family the reason why I say this is
because my mom she got me my sister my
brother decided to me my sister my
brother we don't really talk to our
cousins and stuff like that in our
family immediate family and stuff like
that I want a lot of kids cuz I just
want to it's like get a big old family
so don't want a huge family reunion you
know you go to the camera union babies
barbecuing and you got cousins that you
don't even know and stuff like they're
like oh so close and you know that kind
of thing
next question Oh what would you want to
name them I honestly don't know yet I
know for got like boy names a few names
I like with Cameron
Julian like those are commenting for
guys for girls I like Layla lyrics
melody Malika best Queen and Ihram ear
based language and you say it medica
like Mallika everybody was like if you
get a gross name or princess because
your name point I know not doing it I'm
not in my child princess if it's not
it's still fairytale for me like I don't
even know how I'll be paying Queen like
nah I love my name I'm actually named
after my grandma next question who is
your favorite singer slash rapper
kailani I love some Kalani
Love Hurts in genetical mail lives by
rappers and stuff like that I'm not
really too much interesting but I like
they call a boogie
Kendrick Lamar some of his music and I
liked answer ever what is your rate half
Arabic or let me cite Arab because
people say ear because the language but
Arab I'm half Arab and then the other
part is black and Italian my mom is
black Italian and Indian but I don't
know how much I just say every black
entire through my daddy's heisel in
dispirited he's fully ear I don't know
my daddy that's a whole another story I
will tell you all that in another video
a short time when were you born 10 17
1995 what's your favorite drink water
water water water water water ice water
in Arnold Palmer if you all know what
those are this like happy half lemonade
I always ordered that when I go to the
restaurant and raspberry lemonade how
long have you been singing that's out of
three trips since I was three years old
let me tell you all I go to church with
my grandma she also just make me get up
there insane bro like and nice to be up
you're like no oh and it's me I'm just
playing I swing like that but she's the
baby stage but so how about three other
singing right I always loved it and God
has left me some youth voice and I'm
just going to use it to the best of my
freaking ability on next question how
are they growing up it was just me and
my mama for 60 years until I was six
years old
and then she met someone else and had
two kids Beynon growing up it was like
you know it was kind of hard
I'm not going to say that you know I was
poor but we did struggle you know I
watched my mom struggle a lot that's why
I always told myself when I finally make
it
pack you don't have to worry about
nothing sometimes I used to UM
I used to go to school the next school
years sometimes like with Saint clothes
stuff like that but I would feel
grateful for a lot of things but you
know sometimes I got the plans to start
working I went and got me a job because
god is like I'm not glad but I mean
everything happens for a reason like if
I never would have known how it was a
struggle I want to know how it was to
work hard to get to something I always
going to work in female I don't believe
in that just laying around I'm doing
this and living off your parents and
doing this event no so that's our a 16s
well start doing I got my butt up I
found me a job I went to work I made
money I hope my mama you know I'm saying
that's how that's the type of person I
was and still am do you work as of right
now and get yes what did you do what do
you do like I said y'all my dad is
YouTube literally so I work for Google
how do you feel after getting a life oh
let me tell you I have a lot of good
comments and a lot lot lot of negative
comments about me get in my phone let me
tell you I am so freaking happy I am
literally so happy with my decision I'm
so happy that I did not listen to
somebody else and I'm so happy that I'm
confident more confident now because
before I really wasn't all that
confident honestly after I had my phone
like I said I was just I mean I you know
I know that I was like no pretty in the
face but my body I just was not happy
with my body so it caused a lot of
things the cousin had low self-esteem
that caused me to um not adding go
shopping ever since like after I had CJ
because everything I put on in the
dressing room just not it didn't fit me
right I mean
I wasn't happy and I was just looking
myself like I said in disgust in the
mirror I just wasn't happy with myself
and I just felt like a fat slob
although a lot of people say I didn't
look like that that's how I felt but I'm
happy now I'm happy now and I'm happy
with my decision and I love my results I
am still a little rude around my belly
navel area in the middle of my belly but
that's gonna go away soon it's just all
about the healing process did you like
the way Chris proposed to you yeah like
I mean it was very cute he actually
plans to propose to me at a restaurant
but we were so young that I was still
and under my momma blues and I had to do
stuff for her so I couldn't get there in
time and um he still end up proposing to
me in the snow like he got on one he in
the snow and then said please so I
thought it was really cute and I was so
in love with him Sam right now but I was
just so love at the time I was like of
course the baby used all of you to risk
my life you know it what is it like
being a YouTube it's fun it's fun I mean
you get a lot of attention
um everywhere you go is crazy because I
can't really go anywhere now not even to
Walmart anywhere without somebody
noticing me or taking a picture and I
don't have a problem with that I'm
completely fine with it
I'm a very lovable friendly person I
don't wanna take pictures with people
you know I feel felt I honestly feel
like to a normal person but a lot of
people treat me as if I'm an inspiration
and I just I'm just grateful I'll grate
what I people can look at me that way
shoes but then again on the other side a
lot of haters it's a lot of people that
say negative things you know but that
part just comes with it I have to ignore
it
I used to scroll through the comments
and look and try to reply to every
comment and cut people back out of my
hood but you know I try to just
explain myself to people and I'm just
done doing it like if you guys want to
say just bad okay say it's not gonna
change what I'm doing in the fact that
I'm happy and I'm not losing to sleep at
night
part love Chris of course as my friend
so why did you dye your hair back blank
um honestly like when I press back the
red I was in love with it but I started
I always do this you know I get a color
and then I'm you're like I look at my
old pictures I'm like oh my god I want
my black hair back it was so natural so
pretty done that and it's just like a
cycle revolving next in the next couple
of months I'm a probably one another
color again and then right after that
I'm a dye my hair back black like that's
just how I am
I can't help but I always want to do
different stuff what's your favorite
store in the mall I would say you should
be forever 21 but now I love Charlotte
Russe in H&M and this other store called
love called straddle November's if y'all
ever seen that storm how was it getting
engaged in married at an early age it
was on it was a big change from you the
big step because you I mean I
practically went from being a high
schooler just graduating high school to
being a mom because I got kind of 18 I
jump right into being a mom and then
right into being a wife so if I I didn't
get that time in between to go to
college really in like just by myself so
I'm still in the midst of fun of myself
as I'm in a marriage so I'm trying to
find myself be a wife via mom keep a
relationship will got you know be
successful all at one time
so it gets kind of hard sometimes
because I mean
it's a good kind of hard you know FN
today is worth it you know not to
mention it's a lot of stuff a woman has
to do and I'm telling you like when you
get out there in a real world like China
is trying to have a family enjoys I can
have into a lot of stuff try to keep up
with a lot of beans you know you got to
make sure your husband is pleased stuff
like that you know play with your broken
heart in the long run you got to make
sure you be a good lob one it's just a
lot of things that you got to do you
know my horses you know it's work but
it's worth it that's how I feel about it
I'm going to do two more questions and
I'll be done why did you make a separate
YouTube channel and did you make yours
before your couple page um well like I
said the reason why I made this YouTube
channel is because I feel like I love
doing Chris McLean but I want to that
get to know me as an individual as Queen
and there's a lot of things that I want
to put like a lot of videos that I want
to do that I feel like they just don't
go right with such Chris McLean channel
because it's like to focus on me and
that channel with more so focus on Chris
and Queen not just Queen so imma be on
this channel like I said just you know
have a conversations which are not
conversation but I'm gonna be talking to
y'all doing things by girly stuff you
know like makeup tutorial lotta stuff
stuff it more more so females will watch
I mean guys love to watch to y'all y'all
welcome to come and watch you tell me
but anyway is that's why I was YouTube
channel i'ma always still be posting on
the prison Queen Channel always so but
this is the channel I have got to be
consistent with this channel so I can
just put y'all on a back burner you know
I'm saying one more question did you
have a natural birth no I didn't
I had a seat thing what happened was I
thought I was gonna be able to push and
I was trying with all my might but it
took too long
I guess PJs head was too big and they
said while he was still in there his
heart rate was going down and my heart
rate heart rate was going down as well
and they said they had to do an
emergency c-section and I was just so
scared y'all I was so scared I mean now
it's like now the most scariest thing in
my life I never I never had any surgery
I'm barely with the house so before that
and to go ahead to have somebody cut
Joe's stomach open it's just like I
didn't kill adult I didn't feel that I
felt the pressure but I didn't feel pain
but no I had a c-section that's another
reason why I like home because having a
c-section Yoga is first off it loosens
up your muscles in your belly yo you got
that pooch that mama boom just walking
around with a poop sticking out and then
it just get so hard to lose weight in
that area like it's hard so a lot of
people judge me for doing that but
honestly I could kill us because I'm
happy you know I'm saying so that was
the last question for this Q&A I hope
y'all enjoyed it on I love you guys
thanks guys for watching and subscribing
I'm gonna try to next coming to a third
time I'm do a story time about growing
up without my daddy and tell y'all the
whole shebang about that do not forget
to follow me on instagram at clean knife
to underscore my snapchat is the real
queen with three in and yeah that's
about it my facebook is Queen Naja
as well but just too so yeah make sure
to follow me on all social medias and
that's about it and thank y'all so much
you know my booboo is wha
I
