what the heck is up I got red hair
mothertrucker oh my god and I just love
you so much I love this right here so
right now I am I'm trying to find a
tripod for this thing here we go I got
to put the tripod on for hold on one
second
oh my god I'm in love with this red
nigga yeah okay slay boob oh my god
y'all so I'm sorry I'm just in love with
my hair right now like let me show y'all
who slay my hair how long centered on
this is Armando this is the one who did
my color okay this is the one right here
so if y'all need some color Duffy on
here and you know he also cut here too
so go on a knife cut tell humble going
to Armando okay the one who washed out
my hair is straightened it growl baby
baby this is right will stroll oh these
are my buds so we're about to do a
challenge
okay um the would you rather challenge
it's not good light music well it's not
bad oh hey I also look good yeah go
ahead pussy don't worry
no I got confession here okay all right
so we have to do the would you rather
challenge so we also ask each other
would you wanna do this and what you're
gonna do that
so okay we want to go first you oh uh
I'm at both of y'all together for them
okay all right
so I love it over in the camera so first
question would you rather show a piece
of glass in your dick or vagina hole
what how big the glasses or shove a
string of nails in your
asshole and then rip them up oh let's
try the nail straight nail in your ass
and there with the mouth or show a piece
of glass being a dick only behind a hole
a piece of glass
well you don't say how small it could be
right either way glass don't hurt my
booty hole I've never used it unless I
got a little B so that's probably gonna
be working and I'm not opposed I'll
strengthen down on my windows so I'm
going serve the glass of my vag hole and
it's gonna be real small and I'm gonna
keep my fingers on it too
I might cut it but it's cool because I
won't know my baby is come on mama done
if you came on my stomach so I don't
know but yeah I got rather shove oh wait
oh yeah I rather serve it in my asshole
yes what are you I'd rather do neither
but you got a super fun job a piece of
glass in your vehicle or shove the
strength of nails in your ass go in
there now ah fuck you thinking usually
hold hold thought fuck mm I would have
to say the air so that like cities my
penis would you rather watch your mom go
through like the most painful experience
every night
let me see with you watching my you be
hurt so bad would you rather lick and
suck and unclean
I'll give me the plumber gets in Excel
you mean like there's nobody busy
they know I don't beat my haha will be
what created even a moment afterwards
but yes you don't know what yo
I'll be throwing up while I'm doing it
oh oh my god would you rather be
complicated or have explosive diarrhea
explosive diarrhea wait what is this
what was I really like explode anywhere
yeah even al Qaeda poison Oh even with
all connection just comes out
oh no I want to be constipated because
like I'm the crest favorite floor and
all you really got to do is just my
sistas normalize I went to do in the
back of house basically if you send up a
soul English on this trying to super
trouble world you will go to do it you
don't have to do this this is what I do
I do
this air just relax your body muscle man
take your finger up ya little pinky
finger there you feel like you know you
need some mold some low Ruby to come but
oh my god real ass on the toilet yo like
if you just sit here just dip your left
every muscle your body because all those
people died they are my people who
because everything they body just know
there's like hey that's real my
motherfucking it those people died
automatically boo because everything
they muscles just shut down and engine
on that swing before relax your body
muscles if you constipated I don't be
constipated
what I rather be out I didn't have
explosive diarrhea
get that shit a howl already just let it
go I don't think I can walk around being
constipated just be welcome I like this
oh well I'm hauling off anal leakage
they're your joseline combines I wear I
wear dependent defense okay - okay
what do rather walk up into Walmart wear
nothing but adult I'm home
black does of an adult diaper with a
vectorial mouth and a big ol gallon of
milk just walk around on my or would be
rather walk into a the hallways or would
be wet and walk on a bunch of like tech
like Donna girlfriend is on a bunch of
tech I walk in Walmart with my diaper
and I'm okay you also do this no I
literally do that there's a gallery
people I would do that
y'all I'm going to a prank later on am I
on my channel I literally get like a
baby t-shirt not a baby t-shirt to join
but to see my own oatmeal Billy but
anyway I'll get a teacher at the diapers
and pacifiers literally and walking on
the bottom I will do it I'll do my
pigtails I'll be so you in the end goal
success here like would you rather sit
in a pool of shit shit you got the goods
on a hot summer day so you don't miss
anything or play in a tank full of
scorpions oh my god those bitwixen bro
you won't die if you later tank full of
scorpions you got nothing
I'm sorry but I'm gonna like shit
I'll be doing that you can't get out of
it would you rather catch up Alex awful
scissors mine or pull your teeth out one
by one with a wrench
oh but no way I would have to do pull my
teeth out
yeah me so cuz you know what I actually
know if I venture
so that was last night you guys
I counted up the shadow thing from the
window lake right here so those lines on
my face but that was from last night the
camera actually cut off it was crazy
because there was over last night I just
want to do a would you write a video
with them but honestly like the camera
wasn't that charged and yes I just died
on us but anyway I am loving this is the
color red that I have won it for the
longest let me try to show y'all like
beauties this is the color red I have
wanted like for longest but um like the
next time that he does like touch it up
it's going to be a lot more red this is
my second video on um what is it
on my own personal page and I just
wanted to basically kind of get your
perspective on what like woody I wanna
see makes what do you guys want to see
next like an awful job is going to make
us oil but right now what I'm doing is
weigh in on I'm talking about the right
vanity set because I wanted to make us
cruise on a really pretty benefit with
you know like on the mirror and stuff
like that plus I need to go makeup
shopping y'all like literally and then
plus I need to get better on my freakin
we either honestly don't directly these
are some last night I slept about makeup
like I don't know why I just fell asleep
on a couch and you watch my funky face
but anyway um yeah so this is exactly
it's either you have to know which all
which I want to see and we have to think
about the red oh my god this is bugging
me huh okay Harlow so go head better
what do you guys think about this is it
like I mean I mean so what I need to do
is it's like more red when you look in
the it looks orange now but it's really
not once I promise it look
this is like the color I would like this
color so freakin much on my god
so um yeah I actually gone this is just
like a short little video obviously it's
not a short little video because it's
other videos attached to this video here
but yes this way I know what you guys
want to see and that's about it
I just want to show you all that my hair
was red and see how y'all like it
and later on I should be doing like a
story of timer something so um I'm gonna
keep you posted don't worry boo okay
and I'll apply on your name it's cherry
top licious okay I love this anyway
alright let me go and take care of my
business I was going to go come on
I'll go get my nails going on today but
I was my mama's point over Muhammad
actually flying I want my mom sister
brother they flying out on Saturday so I
just want to save the nail theme for
Saturday so we can all get our our
miniatures and pedicures and stuff and
I'll also be blogging that day so you
guys forgive my mother and my sister my
brother my sisters and brother they like
to look so different for me I'm telling
you like they are big like they called a
power over me and they're only 1415 they
got a different daddy that's what but um
they don't even black knives appear so
of course and all the different so when
you all see them don't be like oh why
don't all look alike y'all look alike
because we don't look nothing alike
like literally but I do look like my mom
loved it so look um I'm go ahead and get
off of this and think of something to do
later on for videos and just go like
clean my face because I look like hot
dirty Miss OH
