I don't know where y'all got me at right
now get you to Bishop boy pretty boy
Fredo aka Fredo two times dad hasn't me
just pull a crazy prank on me made me
think she pooped all over the place and
I've been guest in get her back now I
asked you guys for some suggestions on
videos and prank I do and over and over
and over everyone keep telling me to do
the female viagra prank now I don't
really know what a female viagra is yet
alone I don't know what it can do to a
female I don't know any of that I'm a
bit scared to find out and there's a
couple lines I just absolutely won't
cross and it comes to doing pranks but
this hey what the hell actually sound
like a weirdo saying that today I'm
gonna do some crazy stuff from crazy
stuff go down be Fredo in the comment
section we all sides are us it's a part
of the lip let's go hours later
it is paid back to our guys so we have
the female performance enhancements whoo
you haven't gonna be working that stick
of be probably gonna make another baby
of the new day yeah I know they can't be
afraid of times not going in I'm a crush
this banging down and Emma I'm gonna go
ahead and put her in the milkshake she
upstairs right now
ciao we got the camera in a kite we
don't let Jasmine know that her smoothie
is ready team Fredo in the comment
section let's get it
a few moments later you really think
you're slick are you really trying to
prank me I got something for you can
seriously like can't trick the trickster
for you oh I was late if Jane daddy's
gonna go ham I can't
I'm about to lay some ladies and
gentlemen hey guys so it's been about
three hours since I jasmine drink the
smoothy and she's been all over me a bro
like she's been like you know really
aggressive oh my kid she told me to meet
her dad she has a little special
surprise I think it ready to make me a
baby
I won by de oh yeah let me get my moves
right now let me get my mom Nikki at my
house it
Oh
okay so guys yes it is official
I get a huge L one day the Queen of
France
oh my god how did I forget that I left
the wrapper on the freaking table you
don't know by now not to trick the
trickster
if you gotta start that Jasmine did a
great job with firing back give this
video a thumbs up also gotta give my
baby girl look at her you are so this
camera time cuz you got none in this
video you deserve it baby
since Fredo did a horrible job at trying
to prank me like everyone ago spam up a
W in my comment section on Instagram
he at least give me one favor it was
common say she gets a w-2 for being some
damn baby I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
I don't know how we're gonna feel
editing this like a damn stupid as hell
say it one time Ava would you like that
peanut butter me like an onion
