come to school on own spec you see them
you feel like is the reason why they're
believing you're a new kid at the school
how long you been at this school for but
have you been doing and in order to to
avoid them been leaving school early
just to avoid the boots what time would
you leave school how the bullies is at
school and you just run away from school
instead of you know facing the boats
okay you can't run fail all right you
know that right
you gotta stand up for yourself because
ultimately you're hurting yourself by
not going to school you see what I'm
saying right now Darius school learning
in their education but where you where
you in the streets this what e streets
gonna take you guess what they gonna
take you nowhere ma'am you got to stand
up for yourself what do you want to be
when you get older
fire fire it's dope man I don't hear too
many people say that don't you know what
fire men do now they run into a fire and
head-on you gonna run when they call you
they say hold on we got a fire right now
I'm going down what you gonna do you're
gonna all right
I treat out that bully situation the
same thing that's gonna fire I gotta put
it in you and believe in you that you
can stop this blue you feel me it starts
with you no more skipping school we're
gonna go it we're gonna hang you to a
first aid lady all right let's get it
do you guys have just seen that's one of
the many encounters that Fredo has been
experiencing along his journey this week
I am extremely proud of Fredo or
stepping out of his comfort zone is
changing people's lives truly an
inspiration I've never gone without
Fredo for more than like two days I
would say him not being here and me
being with Ava and AJ it's been really
hard scary just cuz he's out there and
he's I know he's doing amazing things
but it's hard for me because I'm not
used to being without Fredo I know this
is for a much greater cause and I
appreciate him so much so proud of him
for doing this and I really didn't know
that if he was gonna stick it out for
this long but it's been a while so when
I say Fredo I miss you so much
I'm gonna cry I miss you so much and I'm
so proud of you doing this and helping
people and just being a great person and
I know he was gonna see this one day and
be so proud of you and really understand
all the hard work that you've put in for
me and her and our family this asset you
guys continue to pray for Fredo while
he's on this journey I'm praying
everyday for him and I'm excited to get
him home now I didn't want to leave you
guys with not having a video all week so
I thought it'd be a great idea to do
this little update video just tell you
guys how I'm feeling and taking you on
my day to day life today just have a few
things planned just gonna be a great day
I just want to bring you guys along and
have a little bit happier mood so let's
go
so right now we are at my favorite
person in the whole world house miss
Natalie it does mean you're getting so
big to play to start a baby do me I'd
leave good she's growing your belly's
getting bigger that's good right many
weeks are you know 18 weeks almost
halfway there I'm excited so excited I'm
gonna I'm gonna set up her room so I'm
just picking up my mom right now
we're about to go do a few things means
we can go shopping right now we are in
Winter Park this little cute breakfast
spot called
briar patch
so hungry though
she wants out lemon
here's alright though I'm actually
supposed to be dieting and I've been
working out a lot this is my cheat meal
for the Wii Mike luckily there's my
cheat meal trouble after in forever 21
right now and all of the clothes are
saying Los Angeles this California that
a sign no she doesn't want us even
anywhere which I don't blame her I don't
move either
right now we are shopping for a tummy
California trip we are gonna be in LA
from February 12th to the 19 or am I
looking for how's he doing our meat
angry it's gonna be really fun I got my
nanny over here
just like your daddy so Fredo and I have
been going back and forth within a
California are moving to me door they
can't decide we've been looking at
places in both states and they're doing
totally different worlds it's kind of
crazy you look at me or like such a
small apartment for like a million
dollars Ella for Nia there's like a lot
of land and hills
the people are different everything is
just really different but we're still
looking we can't decide I think that's
actually going to California and
visiting is going to help because we've
never even been there so that will be
helpful then maybe we have to go to New
York again and kind of just see like if
we could really imagine ourselves living
there I know you don't want us to move
but if you could choose between LA or
New York or you choose I definitely see
living in Newark
why do you're not hurt my sister live
there
my auntie I'm not across the country
same time zone
so try to get over on the idea of moving
cuz like Natalie's coming and EE but
just got here so kind of crazy to think
about it sad not gonna cry
yeah I understand like why Fredo really
wants us to move and it would be
beneficial and stuff but it's just said
it's like I'm beaten a year from now I
would be feel better about it maybe just
because
I'll be able to like see Natalie
dude you're gonna do some time season
game
I know I'm gonna be back like every
month when I think about it
hey I'm thinking about like all the
dates I'm going to need to be in Florida
and I'm like
I might need to be here all the time
see there's no there's no two eggs
family if the family's not together I
need it support hand yeah you know still
in denial a little bit but talking about
it makes it kind of warm
are you excited for Miss manly
those are huge stores actually really
cute these suits are so cute she's
bigger just so she don't like where some
of this stuff should look a little funny
if I put her in a now alright guys so I
just heard a knock at the door and I
think I know that we might be I'm so
excited
you
