no you're good you gotta let it all out
you gotta let it all out you gotta let
it all out
I'm assisting her head and she's pretty
good but he'll is officially two months
old
and if you know anything about babies
and it's time for their to huge longer
here
baby are you ready for your shots do
this
it's been a few days now since Ava's got
her shots and she's doing really well
I read baby get really well and she only
cried for a little bit so I was really
proud of her you did good yeah mama
today I have a huge surprise for afraid
I've actually been planning this
surprise for quite some time but this
man just don't shower what
go ahead decided a shower after three
weeks
oh mama come in it's triple so me and
Ava have a nice prank to pull on her
daddy Dave we are going to be putting
icy high in frado's underwear now this
icy hot is maximum strength I can only
imagine how afraid I was going to react
hey you know I hope your little pcs
gonna be okay this is gonna be hilarious
let's go are you ready to pick you daddy
they can touch me
alright guys so I got the icy Nevada
spray and I got the cream it wasn't a
shower right now
so I'm about to go grab his clothes and
put icy hot on everything
hey don't I know you should be ashamed
of yourself for listening to Miley Cyrus
I got his towel in his drawers this is
gonna be so funny open it gonna cannot
wait never use CC huh
so just gonna spray it everywhere get it
away from me
alright guys now it's just time to watch
the magic happen let's go
no not a job you feel a little bit of AI
students and a little bit of hi baby
this piece maybe maybe
I'm just gonna give me his space me a
name I'm just gonna go to the other room
hurry now oh my god guy I just heard the
biggest bang in the living room I heard
free to slam the door and leave the
house I don't know what he did he is hit
oh my god what the hell what the hell
alright guys so I feel really bad about
yesterday net have done that prank and
messed with Fritos a little peepee been
really upset since right now he's with
IVA figured I should just try to cheer
him up the best way I know how and
that's with his favorite breakfast
hopefully this makes up for just a
little bit I know it's nothing crazy
definitely learned my lesson is hoping
that he's in a better mood today
guys let's go surprise him forgives me I
got you a present
Eddy feeding you or present to say I'm
sorry I'm sorry
do you accept my forgiveness boom and I
got you didn't she's and bacon do you
want more things a kissy all of that was
nasty as hell take it all back the kiss
and everything please forget about it
don't put my child against me mister you
can't be pulling this stuff in Kelly are
you am I gonna be pulling this stuff
anywhere expose we're removing these two
guys
two times family has officially decided
that we are moving a lot of you guys are
extremely shocked right now still mad at
a time instead attitude it was your life
away here about to move from Florida all
the way to a whole different time zone
altum Utley came down to two states that
we're moving are you guys know that our
harm is huge in New York does it make
sense because like the winner sucks
you're not gonna really get what you
want for your money in New York you know
damn I was like well what other major
state can we move to besides New York
I decided coming for you why not eight
that leap of faith that leap that you're
so scared like honestly I'm scared shit
I cry every day about this well I'm
really scared
I know gonna do nothing but oh our
content grow our family to a whole new
level are you reading all the way across
the country is not fun because you're
leaving family you're leaving everything
you know so Jasmine has been extremely
sad I'm just telling her like it's not a
permanent move just for a year you know
so that we can improve everything around
us I absolutely want to take everything
that we're doing to the next level and
in order to do that have to get out of
your comfort zone she's crying you said
the most sad thing for you about knowing
that we're gonna move across the country
the biggest it's just gonna I always cry
though yeah
no you're good you gotta let it all out
you gotta let it all out you gotta let
it all out all right Jasmine's stepped
away for a few moments you know cuz it's
really hard for her she doesn't want to
leave her family which is totally
understandable I have to leave my family
as well leaving my mother I'm leaving my
father I'm leaving my sister you know I
don't have too many people as well but I
know in the loan term a year from now
we'll look back at the whole thing and
just be appreciative that we took a new
journey and a new experience that
enlighten and also high in our careers
our minds our bodies are sold not
judgment on that back hanging oh look at
that oh thank god your mom I believe you
girl it's just hard it's like it's
always just been like me and my mom well
my brother but no it's just like a whole
different world and I'm so comfortable
in Orlando like this is my home it's
gonna be a culture shock a life shock
it's gonna be crazy
life's all about again it's not
permanent
it's temporary you know saying like you
may truly enjoy the move once you
actually get there you know to need a
little bit of change for a little bit
and then we can come back you know I
that big gorgeous house and then live
happily ever after just had IVA know I
have a sister on the way like I thought
we were gonna wait a little bit longer
before we like moved away he's gonna
grow so quickly in that year like baby's
gross like she's changed so much in two
months
I will be back all the time you gonna be
back every week it's nice here I just
really want to take its grand time I
just want to take this family to the
next loved this now or never for us is
right now so California are you ready
for the two talents man no I'm ready you
ready yeah are you ready anyway breaks
my heart but I'm ready actually gonna be
doing a meet-and-greet in LA February 18
and throughout that entire week we're
gonna be in LA
yes I'm excited you're excited yeah I'm
gonna eat in and out and Roscoe's the
best spots in LA please fill up the best
spot to eat to go to to see everything
we want to know your jerk dude touristy
things we want to do it at all also
we're gonna be sizing for homes that we
are going to possibly go to me if I fall
in love with the house will be a little
bit easier on my soul everything aside
what are you gonna do about that TV
