it will not be oh my god we gotta try
the trunk oh my godness troll is there
might have to do like someone on this
street driving we're gonna have to
try to get this home what's K YouTube
you should play a pretty boy everybody
knows except me
her mom actually found out her doctor's
appointment earlier today this morning I
said you know what how about we just do
our own separation to reveal oh my god
mom put it on Facebook and she had to
tell everybody not to talk to me so I
don't find out to his game don't ever
say I didn't look out for y'all now we
went through our own misery of not
knowing that gender okay so this is
gonna be last call right here boy well
it's a girl today girl
like beat up the kids I can pick up the
kids at school I'm ready
thank preciate you miss how you throw a
gender-reveal for yourself
that's not even your baby element of
surprise is amazing and at the end of
the day a little sibling there yes so
right now they're blowing it up where
he's decided to come outside so we don't
see anything and then we're gonna go pay
for it and then go home no I want to
papi here in the park you really nervous
I like my stomach is like in knots right
now I'm gonna keep don't wait to find
out I'm so excited
there it is you better keep building
better turn around due to thumbnail now
before in the card what if it doesn't
fit we'll make it fit it will not fit
I'm being serious
and whoa there oh my god we got to try
the trunk I have to hang a freaking car
oh my god gave you real oh my god and
the stall is there you might have to do
like some on this street driving
we're gonna have to try to get this home
do you think it's gonna it's gonna flow
it's gonna flow oh my oh my god
it's not gonna pop insane picking a
perfect apart hits it seriously in
scenery my heart is racing
even more what kind of BS gender reveal
this is amazing fine baby you know we're
going to me I'm Chyna like every time I
put the camera on deployed echoes away
guys we're halfway home we have a crying
baby mother and a crazy fun and the
gender-reveal ballon hanging out the
window as we speak we are halfway home
we're gonna get through this baby girl I
promise the winners speaking up oh
oh ACA the wind is picking up inside oh
yeah baby labels that looks like it's
about to break through the stream does
yeah
oh my god and we made it home that was
the most insane like 15 minutes of my
life and just to all think about this we
didn't have to endure I'm ready well
first thing I really want to FaceTime my
mom so she can be a part of all of us
this spoon it wouldn't fit in the car we
had to drive with the outside the car
yes be ready ready count of three here
we go what
you
oh so beautiful and graduation I'm so
happy
it is a girl so happy Ava's new little
best friend I know we're in trouble now
she's gonna happen on that's younger
than her but they're gonna be like
trying to sneak out oh my god better be
a good girl he's new I knew it was a
girl although I said it was a boy I knew
it was a I knew it as three girls
already so I was like you're about to
have another girl but you know you're
hoping man every man wants that little
boy especially like after having three
girls nemesis a little sister a little
sister big baby that is huge and that is
amazing and that is a blessing from God
seriously like 20 years later your mom
is pregnant again so okay I'm gonna have
like another sibling you're gonna have a
little sister I never thought that would
happen I saw resist that is amazing
we salute to Michael and Lola
congratulations guys you know from the
two eggs family gonna treat that baby as
one of ours
lots of girls close already
I'm very excited that it was gonna have
a little best friend in a neo beard but
so awesome I know to be someone with her
and what but she's gonna be the one to
like drink first and drive first you'll
see that she's gonna be 21 first 16
first we're letting you guys into our
personal lives you know this is not
something we would a day I would never
put my mom on camera before never we
would have never done any of this but we
feel so comfortable with you guys we
felt like you guys are family too so
we're completely letting you guys into
our lives and being a part of our lives
like this is a huge moment for this
family and I'm just so thankful and
happy I knew it was a girl so else I
said hit that thumbs up to congratulate
although two times on the new baby
this is me see my heart's like racing
still
as one new journey begins another one
ends the two times family has officially
decided that we are going to be moving
away from our land Oh away from our
friends or family we think we've pretty
much known our entire lives moving to
