my wife Mexican man hot sauces him
contains you know fear
are we ready let me get let me get that
name good a few moments later you can't
read as hell
woo away this is serious don't go
Wizkid youtube is your girl thousand two
times in today i have a very special
challenge for y'all damn you're gonna be
doing the pack by one chip away now this
chip is made with the world's hottest
pepper called the Carolina Reaper pepper
chip is so hot they literally put it in
a coffin how crazy I don't think radio
has any idea about this challenge so I'm
gonna try to convince him to try one of
these chips I think this is gonna be
really really funny and I can't wait to
see his reaction let's go you bug there
for a second after display is that it's
just a chip ah I should don't look just
like no cottage it's the world's hottest
pepper yeah fucking full see like a
setup
yeah new favorite one BAM - I don't know
why it's so lazy you can't have one chip
really say do not eat news comes get up
a goddamned he's gonna dose kind of a
snap
this little went back
oh my face baby two three four five six
seven eight nine ten in jugs two custom
buglet and I'm nine kidding do I have
lipstick it's something sheer he's like
is it still touch to my face I'm serious
you see I got three more no no what are
you doin to somebody if I ain't doing
that again let's go give some people
yeah let's go vegan last ten minutes
I'll give you a hundred
my wife Mexican man hot sauce is in my
fucking veins brother
leha I play hot dog so this is nothing
this is nothing don't scare me no get
away free baby is big as me right what
you break it all can't have anything I
can't have you sanitize shit real my
girl with your shirt off
ain't no fear we ready let me get let me
get that Nick yeah mi ke underscore
lochley LOC KL area if he completes his
challenge mani everybody to go far Oh
give me this bottle babe this waiver is
pretty much saying you cannot sue me if
you die right now okay once you swallow
into Clark starts all right there did
ten minutes darling once you swallow
with it
alright so gun cocks star down for your
cup yeah it's a little bit again
oh my god you are you okay bro you can't
read bro you can't read as hell no was
it the sensation of burning on my tongue
is that all-time high anymore flex this
thing has layers to it won't make it go
oh I gotta do it for the total body
sports game look I know it's like he's
trying to come back delete also should
be great fake pages and slide in DM no
way this is serious though I ain't gonna
play like this is really like mind over
matter right
you kept out eyes are watering their
watery but I could withstand it my voice
is fucked up look at his eyes oh my god
you're crying bro oh my god definitely
fire bro and it's hot huh spice your
ears hey Mike gasoline making my mouth
any little match names put it out and
then lit it back up just good-looking us
out of my two who was a little spice
left in there I don't think that helped
the situation
wait you're sweating sway you know what
the oh my god touch your hair back
you got just a hair back because it's
like trying to come back like hey I
ain't gonna let it come back five
minutes left man do you need some water
no do you need some milk we don't made
it halfway no it's a burning sensation I
got my clients watching that day I know
they're gonna tell me man my quick I can
quit out of the hell nah we got 50
seconds on the clock baby you know what
Sam people ahead don't do this friends
come over and try to no guys don't fall
into peer pressure and I honey it like
I'm gonna make you might not me
right every time you swallow it brings
it back up oh god this is it BAM
congratulations
you'll get the casket and I'm going here
to it now ha no one to challenge the
hottest chip I have a tango flex the
package ain't lying
I've been mentally strong gotta be total
body strong cooking lunches that's where
it starts right here mentally I need
everybody to follow my doll at mic
underscore lochley the guys so this is
my last contestant are you ready
alright I don't know these people ready
I don't think they're ready either so
just walking through the mall what did
you guys say hey they sprayed oh right
and I was like I know what I want you
guys come to a challenge so you guys
ready the entire to go without drinking
any water scary look you're here man
stand up so they know that you're not
really wheelchair about all right he say
you hurt his knee put the whole thing in
put the whole thing
oh you realize just open up there it is
how's it feel man
how's it feel oh my god oh my god oh
it's been like 30 sucio
well hasn't even been hasn't even been
like 30 seconds you're not gonna do my
eyebrows you're not gonna make it you
come on dude oh my
my god how much time come out Phil how
do you feel I don't feel my mom I feel
my eye it's been three minutes you have
is hurting right now bro you got three
minutes left I'm going where you going
oh I hope you guys enjoyed the video
DK likes for us to do a new challenge my
mother's gender reveal will be out this
of you guys where's gang on tops it
