previously on the 2x family I have some
big news to tell Fredo I don't know how
he's gonna react I'm kind of scared it's
something that neither of us were
expecting also really really excited
because it's a whole new chapter of life
that's about to happen oh I'm nervous
but I'm so excited let's go though
recently I found out some life-changing
news and I didn't know when or how to
tell you I'm just gonna say well can you
spit it out why what's wrong with you oh
my god thank you stupid like that can
you go ahead
ki spit it am I gonna hear that crazy
you might you know okay are you ready
all right so somebody is pregnant
alright guys as you can see things got
really intense a couple of days ago
Fredo went absolutely crazy to hearing
the news that I gave him that I wanted
to give him some time to think
everything through other things was
settled down around here just a little
bit
I hope Fredo is ready because things are
about to get a little bit crazier now I
told Fredo that someone was pregnant
again but I didn't tell him who was
pregnant again either way things are
about to take a major major turn I
remember Fredo still thinks I'm the one
that's pregnant oh it's so excited we're
out at a baby store right now he's
already starting his shopping does he
know that I have a huge curveball to
throw at him what are you doing boy
section you don't even know what the
gender is you just in the boys section
I'm just looking at my ashes I can't
explore my you have no idea what the
gender is no matter what it is I'm
grateful and be happy regardless and if
it's a girl it's gonna be another little
sweet baby girl just like my baby no
matter what it is we have to be prepared
and ready because a whole new chapter
are you excited I'm super excited I mean
like it's crazy I mean I'd rather do it
now than later guys am I gonna let you
buy anything just yet
why not though we came to the store to
buy some stuff
for the new baby yeah but I have the
thing I have to tell you we have
something really important I have to
tell you you know about the last point
we're serious we bought to have another
baby ain't that serious
okay well listen you didn't hear me
correctly I said someone was pregnant I
didn't say he was about to kill this
girl stop playing with me bro I'm not
sure I won't go crazy inside just stop
playing with me
I will act the goddamn fool in this
store you know I do not care I will
embarrass you oh no seriously I'm not
playing it's not listen listen that's
nothing to play with ain't no right you
didn't hear me correctly
why are you obviously know what you
talking about you I know but it's not me
he is not me but someone is pregnant
again I don't believe me about cuz you
have me fooled baby no no no no I didn't
have you fooled you just didn't
understand correctly I said what can I
understand about that someone is
pregnant
buddy is pregnant I didn't say
I know but you're gonna be even you know
that's up man
I was excited as hell don't you I
thought I was gonna happen jr. but we're
gonna have another little game now I'm
mad well we can work on the baby later
but I gotta tell you who it is don't you
want to know who would even give a bail
you're gonna give a damn when I tell you
all right let me get you your friend ooh
cool if you think I would do all of this
just for a friend I said it's Frank all
right so it isn't me someone close to me
how close to you like very close how
close like she gave birth to me you're
not serious right now no have you been
playing around putting on Ava right now
put it on Eva my mom her Lola is
pregnant
Oh
he's gonna get us kicked for this store
and it is your 38 year old mom her mom
is pregnant what I don't even know how
to react right now we just had a baby
with my family together and my dad had
another baby what so I hate it
but it's gonna be a lot of fun it's me
and my stepmom got to share stories got
me I'm gonna cut down fullier do you
think something was wrong in the world
is going on you know what tomorrow since
I'm on camera we need to get the hell
out of here come on yes I swear what
does that make you know what let's get
out of here
how insane is this one just popped up
Wow today's the third time around 20
years later two years later and you're
wrong
another there's three generations right
here this is insane all those big genes
right there it's going to be a niece or
nephew I'm sorry I just played July
there's gonna be a nice very soon but
she can have an uncle and Auntie very
soon best about the same time how do you
feel about that Miss Ava do you want the
ginger to be we want it to be a boy we
want we want it to be a boy too you want
to be a boy really can't see them with a
little bigger car right now I feel like
all boy would be perfect for you guys
this family and now I kind of got that
fella named Mike good finder you sign
out tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow 9:30 I
think you better call me as soon as you
find out Oh
time there's a baby is absolutely a
blessing to say the least
and we're so happy that there's gonna be
another family member because it's gonna
be perfect so how do you feel about your
mom becoming mother again
I am so excited I think it's gonna be
amazing that Ava gets to grow up with
another little baby thing is just
amazing I haven't had a new sibling in
20 years so this is gonna be an awesome
experience and I want to be there for my
mom just as much as she was there for me
you know for Eva
actually when I was in labor with Ava my
mom was pregnant and I didn't know yet
and she didn't want to tell me because
she wanted it to be like about me and
Ava and Fredo but I was like I knew
something was just that you know what
that day you did I remember I was like
it felt like you know something was
really tired which I we were up forever
but like I don't know I just you know
you just have that feeling like how's
that good
something's just in the air god I think
that's over nothing you've been the
favoritism no I told her you know like
like no joke she died she loves you and
you're gonna be an awesome third she
made me able to awesome
congratulations guys I hope you guys
enjoyed the news once again I want
everyone to say congratulations with a
card
I want everyone to say congratulations
to Lola two times in the comment section
there will be another baby here soon all
right
if you guys will like for us to do a
gender reveal video skip 80k likes on
this video we'll brain to gender it
shout out to the two A's game we love
you guys more videos on a wedding one
time
