have some big news to tell freedom I
don't know how he's gonna react I'm kind
of scared it's something that neither of
us were expecting who I'm nervous but
I'm so excited let's go though recently
I found out some life-changing news and
I didn't know when or how to tell you
spit it out what's wrong with you oh my
god stop you stupid like that I was here
what you go ahead key spit it out no
baby
so somebody is
this most definitely not how I
envisioned starting my 2018 it's a bit
defeating and depressing to start my
year this way and to be in the condition
that I am right now I can literally
barely even walk right now and I'm gonna
have to get surgery but days ago I woke
up my leg was very sore and tight I
thought maybe you know in a few days it
will go away over the weeks time it has
progressively gotten worse ever went
away day I went to the doctor doctor
pretty much told me that I most likely
tore my labrum inside my leg now I've
actually done this before but to the
opposite leg but when I was filling this
filling inside my leg it automatically
took me back to my experience with my
other leg and when you tear your labrum
that automatically calls for surgery
trust me this is the worst feeling right
now to start my 2018 on this type of no
it's been putting me in a really bad
mood and I got really depressed move
because oh you're getting ready for a
big big year and then BAM out of nowhere
bro just wake up and a torn labrum I
didn't even do anything they even do no
physical activity or nothing just woke
up and snapped one day I'm gonna be
going in for MRA it's an Arthur Graham
it's pretty much gonna show the tear in
my labor look at my orthopedic and get
notes to set up surgery truly don't know
how long this process will take for me
to get to surgery and finally be back to
normal but I can tell you one day not
give up and I will not stop grinding in
life there's no success order to get to
the next level gonna have to overcome
some barriers and I will get through
this a grind don't stop crying
there's not stop 110 nail on the way man
2018 I'm on full grad I'm on full black
they're diamonds chokers yes what a full
file with no hosted yes it doesn't
matter right doesn't make a difference
with a show mice got a little special
guest on the show so what's up grandma
it's up it's me and he's got a go
because if he don't go he's out of
business
that's the grind right so gotta go
we still got a drum oh I got a little
special game that I want to play with
you today good today we are going to be
playing smash or buddy know what that is
smash and bash I'm gonna be showing you
them public figures you're gonna let me
know you would rather smash or a bitch
or pass pass yes I mean Mike's match
means that you're attracted to the
person and if it came down to it you
will lay in the bed with them Oh our
pets
so our first person six-mile are you
ready to see it okay here we go do you
like he's here
wait 69 a bed young used to talk about
it in sex
I mean bro Mike you see this face bro
like would you smash or pads mellow pop
seriously so you gonna pass not messing
with a little punk
no way but I'm gonna switch it up we're
gonna go more in your lane all right Jew
smash or past George Cloon are you
kidding you smash your past you switch
it up on you okay to smash or pad any
potato mister Magic Mike himself jungle
he's to jungle you like wholesome and
wholesome and lonesome that guy's too
wild that's more time that's a smash
I think I think you really might like
this would you smash or it's guy right
here look at the nice red-haired the
nice gold teeth he's a nightmare
okay okay my kind of people
this what we gonna do we're gonna take
it all the way back for you I know I
know you used to be pop and we're in the
70s
you gotta do smash or pad Barbra
Streisand from the corner of my voice
her voice so you I love our voice voice
makes me is what you need back I think
what happened here the kids took over
the generation and they killed the 90s
has some of the best music drama that's
not music that shit you know he's a good
rapper he sings to the ladies all of us
he's a smash this there's no way around
could you go with Drizzy's dream oh he's
a fighter nothing
I said how many problems could you go
into the drain or pad Freddy B I would
say she's okay but she's all naked but
yes so when do they do I know she used
to be a stripper right well she used to
be a stripper now she's she's a term
rapper now she's a big popular rapper
she is yeah this girl right here
tripping
hey guys so Fredo has been really down
and depressed and spining it out that he
tore his labrum it's just been a really
rough start to the beginning of 2018 now
I have some big news to tell Fredo I
don't know how he's gonna react I'm kind
of scared it's definitely life changing
something that neither of us were
expecting kind of I'm kind of scared to
tell him but I'm also really really
excited because it's a whole new chapter
of life that's about to happen I don't
know how he's gonna react I know he's
been really down so hopefully this lifts
his spirits
oh why I'm nervous but I'm so excited
let's go yay ladies ha so I have
something to tell you why you look like
you up to something as I am I'm always
up to no good huh but we have news for
daddy what news what you like you up
there look at this girl's face
studies of baby he's seriously you need
to pay attention it's so important like
it really needs like your full attention
right now hundred-percent focused on me
I'm 100% focused go ahead
are you ready I'm ready what is it
though recently I found out some
life-changing news and I didn't know
when or how to tell you so I'm just
gonna say it straight like that really
yeah hold on it ain't nothing bad isn't
it
I think it's beautifully amazing
beautifully amazing I don't know how you
gonna feel what is it well can you spit
it out why what's wrong with you oh my
god stop acting stupid like that I'm
scared I feel each other like make me
nervous or something like what are you
doing you're always up to no good
you should be a little nervous what is
it can you go ahead and keep spinning
I'm gonna grazie
are you ready
alright so somebody is pregnant
