hey Big Chill to out relax oh yeah it's
payback whisker you to Bishop what a
pretty boyfriend Oh aka braid Oh - Tom
how the holidays are over you know we
have fun Ava's very first Christmas
myself since the holidays is over it is
time to turn up on a new print now I
know what you think is Bo Hey and you is
absolutely right jasmine is absolutely
going to pay today are going to be doing
a lyric prank on Jasmine the couple of
reasons why I decided to go with this
print I recently went to the strip club
y'all are very heated in this household
I made a mistake
jasmine has forgiven me for it but any
other female that forgive you for
something they really forgive you bro
they are still locked in a million
percent what the hell you did and I know
there's a high alert right now yeah
today I'm gonna get my payback and I'm
gonna be hitting her with some lyric
it's gonna make her extremely mad I
don't know it's gonna come from this how
she's gonna react I'm kind of scared no
think about it are we ready team Fredo
in the comment section Mike
before we get started I know I know this
is built like a double-barrel shotgun so
I don't need a million people in the
conversation don't mean it I know this
already today I decided that um you know
I was switching up on a dog I'm gonna be
using this song sorry by Justin Bieber
this is the perfect song cuz he's pretty
much saying sorry I'm gonna be sorry for
we'll find out that's minutes out right
now spending some time with Ava
Ava's grandma there's probably the wrong
time to start doing this but let's hit
it Craig the first text that I'm gonna
send to her then we need to tow if you
get one of them you know where Tommy its
way all her reply yo she says Oh God now
you've been messing up if your girl
takes you what now don't play without
striking to them first leery Evie TVs my
dear God I got TVs right now bro I'll
need you to Konak I don't think I want
to continue with the show we got a side
to y'all that y'all never seen well know
about this one we're never honest what
the fuck did you do
my girls like flat-out playing me right
now I hit it what another line you know
I traveled I don't you two
say oh my god that lyric was like
perfect to what she said now she's
probably thinking drip drip drip club
club
Alfredo Villa I don't have time for this
bullshit you fucked up at the club you
me no girl is about to kill me y'all
takes more than once maybe twice the
mother of my baby we're talking about
here y'all hey babe chill chill out
relax hey relax like you know I'm not
happy you know I trying to see if it'll
work out here and I know that it's not
oh yeah
oh did you do anything with those
strippers no seriously no seriously
seriously he's it's not funny I love you
I love my family
I should come
no oh it's always for a video don't stop
I love you co-op
Ava you can love Ava I'm not really
trying to launch a sport hold how much
they're cold
that might yeah I might take you for all
your working please don't do that too
although exits just take it back please
no no why you smile because you're
tickling me always a freaking joke with
you why would you know he's a pretty
Jolie no but next time you guys going on
child support you little take
motherfucker got my weight me like that
for you guys wanna see me do another
print on jasmine give me the city gate
lags thank you guys a prank okay
