be a movies I know she's looking dead at
the camera look at her she's gonna be a
movie star gonna be a movie star Ava
Oh what I'm gonna do I'm gonna show you
how you can you can charge it wirelessly
anything without anything I'm positive
it's a magic trick these very first
Christmas licking Oh cute linkages are
you good you - is your boy pretty boy
Fredo big shout-out to the two times
gang merry Christmas from the two eggs
family you can see what kind of corny
right now check it out oh yes we don't
do Christmas sweaters in this house -
pajamas all right okay mama got the plan
and he got the pole oh and baby girl
my very first Christmas the coast
are you ready to open gifts my mother I
know she got a whole bunch of presents
are you ready how you got a Christmas
tree wait
these are very first world again hey
sanna sanna not come through
what were you naughty yes Ava's on the
naughty list this year yeah
barson Rose is our Christmas tree
there's apparently anything underneath
there and we'll tell you guys why oh we
want to teach to our daughter and well
how we want to raise her is that isthmus
is not about gifts Christmas is about
the birth of Jesus you celebrating that
with your family you wanna race Ava in a
humble and appreciative household we
don't want to just you know come out on
Christmas and give her the false
representation of Christmas spoil her
what a bunch of meaningless giffany when
a lot of people don't get any gifts at
all so we want her to know that it's not
all about the presents and she's not
always gonna be spoiled even though
she's too young right now to even
understand this concept one day she'll
watch this video and she will understand
she will appreciate but we do have
presents for of course and for the sake
of the two weeks game we are gonna open
up some presents that we did get her
we're just not gonna shower them on
YouTube because there's a lot of kids
out there that are not having Christmas
right now
whereas plenty of times when I grew up
as a kid I didn't have a Chris
yeah I just start having Christmas - I
was like 11 years old I'm gonna give her
the real meaning of Christmas but we are
gonna open up some presents are you
ready no I got the better person
oh I got the best I got the best friends
well are you ready she's ready let's go
she's Ava's very first Christmas present
right here I feel like a kid for
Christmas
see what parent got the better oh I'm so
excited for your present
I got you a couple Christmas at work oh
my god give me about 15 45 35 minutes
y'all Jesus
on the counter here we go one two
Wow Christmas is over y'all look oh my
god I don't even think I want to open my
presents y'all oh my god this is so hope
y'all is a huge custom playmat desk for
a vow I'm impressed
you did an amazing job Wow you love it
look she's made his famous very first
gift and I'm just gonna say I don't
think I could top that y'all I just came
all right where's your gift just pick
mine all right
a lot though I got her a lot of stuff
yeah I'll just let you take one you know
you can have this Christmas and here's
your present
cuz it was nice and big what's going
down over here you need to be sponsored
by Burberry oh my goodness yeah he
draped baby girl down in designer little
Burberry bear hmm
obviously daddy got a lot more wood that
came for him but i'ma let her have this
round one round I won the war no you run
round
no I we're gonna see yo you know what
man either way ago matter the amount of
presents the amount of gifts Marie to
receive our huge blessing Christmas
which is this baby girl right here so
thankful you know ever in our life I
know it's the biggest blessing makes our
life complete so no amount of gifts no
amount of anything can ever compare to
this girl right here
be it movies I know she's looking dead
at the camera licking her she's gonna be
a movie star gonna be a movie star
Ava pretty hair look at her eye feeling
some more milk okay look it mom thank
you see bad dog
yep a still juicy Baghdad but right now
we're getting ready to go out with my
parents and our families just have a big
Christmas day you know hey what do we
are about to do a little bit of a
surprise y'all know the two eggs family
we keep a couple of tricks up our
sleeves so right now
Ava's great-grandma is in the living
room we got a big surprise for and I'm
gonna tell you guys what it is but we're
just gonna go do it are you ready she's
gonna flip out but y'all bought the
watch a grandma go crazy y'all ready
y'all ready let's go are we had y'all
waiting you're doing grandma I'm doing
very well thank you wanted to be like
Emma for Wow movies hello everybody I'm
a movie star doughnut are you kidding
I love Trump Trump is like I bought we
voted for Trump no I'm so upset just
need Trump and out of that stupid idiot
ladies in and become a president for the
people to the people yeah and all he
does is treat he's not for the people to
come out of that she'll if that wig off
and be a perfect I wanted to show you
this tree I got a little magic trick
that I want to show okay I see yes all
right here no what do you mean by magic
I don't trust this generic sleeve I do
not trust me your telephone I want to
show you how to do something with it
yes there's a Minnie Mouse oh I missed
the first phone that probably came out
handicapped no it's not working because
he keeps telling me battery battery
battery the charger phone what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna show you how you can you
can charge it anything I'm positive are
you ready yes so this is what you do
right here all right my children are
gonna call me I'll come and get me it's
really bad
no but I'm gonna put it back together
for you yeah go good after I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go put it back together you
could do this after you chopped it up
with a hammer
I'll tell when he did that I couldn't
believe it
he fixed it I fixed it grandma
he fixed it
you have a brand-new iPhone I know we're
they're gonna go look for $30 one dad
thousand dollar phone those dollars yes
thousand dollars and oh oh dear God
thank you so much to give me this great
great grandson this is from the family
from the baby girl thank you so they
have no idea that was awesome that was
this was honestly like this is the best
party some more you give a better kiss
eternity there you go oh my god I
couldn't make that here's just a ding
dong
no because Kendall said I'm calling you
back okay and you can FaceTime I'm
saying thank you so much I do love you
so much and my baby out of you came with
that hammer I got scared
I mean freaked out she thought you're a
great singer and my life is I've been
freaked out my girl I fail to see this I
hope so because you're gonna be
international worldwide
it was seriously amazing
I was not expecting that from her hands
down the best Christmas eggless first
Christmas indeed best Christmas I've
ever had
seriously perfect it's truly what
Christmas is all about guys it's not
about how much money you can spend or do
I have this better than the next person
first and foremost about Jesus
separating his life spending great time
with your family helping others that
need to be helped there's a lot more
stuff going on in our Christmas we
bought you know gifts and stuff for Abel
but we wanted to show you guys the most
important things we felt was about
Christmas so if you guys enjoyed this
video I want to say Merry Christmas to
all of you guys ATK likes me we'll have
another glass at one time
