beautiful beautiful oh my god
what do you think you're doing you
already know how Rakesh apesh two times
jasmine two times yes we're missing the
let's say first and foremost I learned
my lesson okay right that I did for you
guys unnecessary it was irresponsible it
was immature exact and it's not like I
just want to show y'all today that I'm
all about y'all I'm rocking with my baby
girls in and it's just how we rockin and
we're just gonna have fun are you ready
this year hold on you know sadly I'm
taking filling out the auditioning if
here let's get it Mike
can you guys believe that my little baby
is one month old already
you guys look at the pictures from a
month ago to today he has changed so
much so much went from looking like a
mama to looking like a baby and that
with it to see her growing sweet young
lady know she like crosses her legs so
look like I said this is like my apology
and showing you guys how much I love you
guys today I actually have a few
surprises for you okay a few big
surprises I hope that you enjoy I don't
know maybe I'll take you to the driver's
license place like a nice hot mama look
at that look at these parents though
what if your daddy your mama look like
this for a little bit lower your debt it
look like this beyond blessed surprise
for you and this is something that we
can do together for the baby girl are
you ready
mascot Evan no all right here we go into
Coventry one two and look up so today
we're gonna get matching tattoos for the
baby girl
are you excited yes I'm scared you're
scared it's only right for two eggs for
the baby girl are you ready let's go
yeah like in the manual but we didn't
get it do it though matching tattoos for
the baby girl shut up to the dog you
know to holding it down perfect a time
for my job now I appreciate on everybody
follow my Instagram go ahead alpha Fame
gqt number four Fame underscore G hey he
hooked us up man thank you thank you
like your tattoo tattoos our xixi which
Ruiz 1111 and that is for our baby
baby's birthday well I have one more
very special surprise for you you have
something you've been wanting for an
extremely low
actually not yet I did not buy that
house have been the best surprise
although I didn't buy us that house you
are gonna do a surprise tour that's fine
we decide to go tour the house because I
feel like you would thoroughly enjoy
this home and you never know what can
happen if you really do like the house
we can get it I don't know you ready to
go find out this is the third home that
we're looking at guys and I want you
guys to give me your opinion do you
think about the home how do you like
this home compared to the other two hugs
that we have showed you are you ready
see you don't remember
it is why we go this week burn yes yes
what did I say this is my favorite poor
girl right here
I told you no seriously cool like a
little baby being Wow
and it's connected to the master bath
with a bathroom staircase over here guys
and then a staircase over there but let
me show you guys with the best part
something you guys didn't see in my last
it has like a little media room right
here like an entertainment room have
like a bar and studies to an actual
movie room exactly
wow this is amazing to like this side of
the house to be like your implication
side whereas movie needs you know whole
table it's like the party room the party
side this is insane guys Wow
I told you just look at that guy's Wow
oh it's amazing
I told you it's look I really feel like
this honey is the best over for me then
I just it was just like over the top
like the doing little details about it
the location was amazed with this but
it's a great option yeah I'm telling you
it's hard right you guys let us know
what you think of house number three
guys
are you not going to do I get the pizza
James did I cruise oh hell nah nah no
justice gross
how could you do this to me right now
I'll take one for the team we got to
finish the Christmas tree is it kind of
started we have the world's moles
uncreated oriented Christmas tree of all
time this is Ava's very first Christmas
and this is how we're representing
that's big-time let's do the snap you
ready there we go one two it didn't
change it didn't work we got to do it
again do it again there we go this is
for you Ava there we go one two oh my
god I believe damn I like you I really
like it I did a good job she did mama
two times did all of this I want to
congratulate her I think is dope as hell
her first Christmas tree she decorated
simple we like gold you learn cute
don't say anything if you like it look
at my is you love it AJ everybody gotta
get pricey
it was so excited for Ava's first
Christmas even though she's so little
still a big moment I'm gonna enjoy like
getting her presents even though she
like cherishing these moments with her
it's awesome I think that this is really
dope and yes our first Christmas tree
ever were like really brought us
together and really completed us as a
family and I just I just feel so empty
in my heart because I feel like there's
one last thing to like complete our
families and that's the whole you know
it's a lie if we have the house you know
you'll have a even bigger Christmas tree
moving you know even fancier hope
everyone has an amazing Christmas and
just enjoy your time with your family
you know family absolutely comes first
yes it's not about the gifts it's not
about all the other stuff is just about
family gotta fill large Christmas tree
up with billions of gifts you know
everybody knows we have money we can do
that but that's not what we want to
teach our child we're gonna keep her
home we're gonna raise her you know not
to be a little spoiled brat
it is appreciate you know just the
smaller thing so it's gonna be really
awesome in a book we love you love you
so much
has two amazing parents how beautiful my
love baby oh look at her she looks lean
on me they don't know if we're gonna
vlog Christmas Day so 70k likes and we
will have a Christmas vlog for you guys
really want to give you guys a cool
Christmas Day vlog 70k live right and
will vlog Christmas few guys actually
want to see us blonde for Christmas 7 8
K lights at Wilbur yeah one time
watch your big head okay
