it's time to get down to which I was
ready I don't want to do it this is what
we made the video for our uranium bomb
this time to explode our most hated and
least favorite youtuber I can't do that
it's time baby
do you have a youtuber that you don't
like say it right now or forever hold
your peace
I know are you ready to move let's get
you to pursue boy pretty boy Fredo and
jasmine two times in today
and day a day you excited or what I'm
nervous we have had so many great
memories verse a verse first home Ava
thank God you know for everything even
for this apartment we're thankful
because we even had a place to live
or don't have a place I know and I
forgot that we dealt with so much just
even get here exactly now we finally
have the ability to upgrade let's take a
second to think about what was your
favorite memory here can I pick more
than one go ahead okay my first favorite
memory is Ava but I just want to thank
you Lord for this amazing blessing right
here then you have blessed or that I
truly can't thank you enough you know
that was like the best villain ever to
like be in a hospital for four days and
then finally live in there for five five
days and then a really funny favorite
memory of mine you busted your ass
oh my god I'm gonna tell you one of my
favorite memory but my favorite memories
have to be a teddy bear prank so proud
of AJ of how do you react to this
yeah that was funny and another one of
my very very favorite moments wha
finding out it was gender probably was
best like that still hands-down one of
the best moments of my life we still
watch that in fact for real that's why I
love you too because I like a diary
almost like you can look back and enjoy
those like special moments so thankful
for it on we're thankful for this
opportunity you know Santa move so it's
gonna be amazing I want to get my baby
girl some camera time you are way too
pretty girl we are about to make our big
trip our big move to California are you
excited now let me tell you guys what's
gonna happen so we're about to move all
our stuff into a storage that is gonna
be sent to California and in the
meantime we're gonna be staying at
Airbnb here in Orlando until we get
everything situated so that we can move
to California very super excited because
at least in the meantime we will be
moving out of this place into a bigger
place and that'll be dad are you ready
all ready let's go say it one time Abel
i'ma just keep it real with John right
now just looked in the mirror and I just
watched the footage in my lips
why is your tongue red and why are lips
oh damn ashy yo I apologize ugly
boyfriend in the conversation do I look
terrible right now somebody has 1v1
challenged this person 1v1 challenged
means for a very special reason for
charity if y'all know me y'all know only
two I love basketball but I love cherry
I love giving back in any way that I
possibly can gonna give a big shout-out
to all stem from the ACE family a lot of
people have been tagging me on Instagram
and Twitter telling me about his 1v1
ornament challenge thing that he has
going on for $50,000 that's a lot of
money a lot of people have been asking
me since he posted a video about who his
potential challenges are pretty boy
Fredo
I hear you moving to California I'll be
glad to give you your first ill here if
I am going to accept the challenge
your 1v1 for $1,000
I don't accept challenges but I think
that this is a really don't things that
he's doing you know it's not just a
pointless as 1v1 I'm better than you
you're better than me no it's actual
irritable work things that's very
important to me and very important to me
and my family's giving back as much as
we can every opportunity that I get to
give back in a different like dope way I
think that is awesome so big salute to
Austin I accept the challenge
I mean everybody right now on Twitter
Austin's an ace family and tell him
Fredo two times accept the challenge he
ready
our guys so remember right now we are
extending at an air B&B until we leave
to Cali and why AJ is having the time of
his life because he finally gets in a
yard no y'all are thinking like wow this
is dope as fuck I don't have a lot of
furniture in this air canopy it's really
weird
they're like missing some dining room
table chairs and also missing a whole
damn TV now what kind of air B&B this is
one for you and one for the baby was
funny I admit it was hilarious
it's like I shouldn't have talked to you
the way that I talked to you I'll atone
it was out of context and I would never
want another nigga to talk to my baby
girl like that so I need to set a
positive example in apologizes I've
already had but real pologize again and
you know I always bring you your
favorite baby I always bring the best
these are the best okay
accept my apology yes do you accept an
apology trying to tell them how weird
this Airbnb was like how you don't have
any dining room furniture place is
really weird
it's empty it's nice though it's
beautiful look how beautiful this is for
real but why the hell don't be like that
ghetto ghetto right now this is crazy
but it's time to stop being around it's
time to get down to what y'all was ready
I don't this is what we made the video
for are you ready this time to Expo our
most hated and least favorite YouTube I
can't do that it's time baby everything
you have a youtuber that you don't like
say it right now or forever hold your
peace thank you alright guys it is now
time for us to expose our most hated and
most decided that we're gonna do this
video because why hold anything back
you don't tell what you decided this I
decided because this girl's scared
wow I got a few things I'm gonna get all
my sweet availa thank you
you know it's a got your lips I got my
lips you have a list I got a little
Annalise I've know these things out the
top of the dumb
teller fight youtubers they're afraid to
get uncomfortable
I'm not afraid you're scary okay I'm
scared of let me know who you scared of
right now you scared of all right so I'm
gonna go for it so you ready so my most
hated go ahead and say this my first
favorite hate of youtubers be rated my
brother's my first favorite hated
youtuber is none I got you look at job
look at you
what are you scared really gonna make me
say something nah man oh you know what I
don't have any hate of youtubers I don't
hate anyone that's doing the same thing
as me you know as youtubers we should
empower each other instead of breaking
each other down you know a lot of a lot
of youtubers they thrive off the drama
and negativity yes that's not the type
of body spreading on our channel is
nothing but I'm in serious mode not as
you can see as you can see it's nothing
but positive vibes over here you know
I'm saying and I wish the best for every
youtuber you know incentives that is at
the same level or more you know if
anything I want to give some shoutouts
we're gonna get some shout outs and
we're gonna give some recognition to
some people that we watch and light that
maybe you guys don't know instead of
hating because hey gives you know where
guess you know where what's the point of
hating on someone someone else you
should congratulate them you know
and like if you got two million three
million congratulations you got 500k 2k
five hundred sons you don't say and
congratulate them motivate them inspire
them push them
those are the type of things that should
be feeding you pushing you every single
day and that's the type of values that
we live by in this household it is right
instead of you know downing other
youtubers we're gonna give a cup of
shoutouts to some of our favorites and
this might actually come keep catch some
of you guys off-guard because you might
not know and you probably have no idea
like what's going on rather than my
favorite youtubers y'all probably don't
know this but I don't really why do that
often I barely do but just because I
like to keep my stuff fresh if you start
watching other people you start getting
ideas but one of my favorite youtubers I
want to give a shout out to Jamie and
Nikki so they actually have a daughter
named Ava stumble across them not too
long ago their channel is really dope
you know it's a family channel they're
located in Australia I just think for
locating an old story they may give our
some really good vibes to have a
beautiful family girl you know if they
had their second baby yet but if they
did congratulations and salute from the
2x family we we watch a big question now
who is one of your favorite youtubers
and who do you want a shout out my
favorite youtubers don't even notice
let's just say I don't know this so
we've been finding and favorite youtuber
is baby
the only people I can really think of
that
actually like let me see how I'm like
this is really cool and genuine yeah
indeed Riviera is crazy as hell like
this like he is like it's like the
opposite no no Joe is like the era's
like me my crazy scale screaming oh shit
funniest and King is my dad right now
lay back no no Joe er don't so you know
they obviously have a big youtube
channel as well big salute to DK for Lu
don't shout out to y'all key grinding
man y'all are very genuine that's that's
one thing that we like about youtubers
is genuine you know I know I just a lot
of youtubers out there they're no
they're this man wants to do that expose
I wanna do it so bad but it's positive
vibes only youtubers you want to expose
before we leave oh hi cha that is it
with our ghetto ass setup look at this
look at this it's so bad like buddy we
are super super close to being McCallum
and I'm gonna drop the next video on
this Sunday fYI we have our going-away
party here in our land Oh March 31st if
you want an invite to our going-away
parties you guys to go on Instagram and
comment I want to invite after the boy
Fredo
Jazmin j-2x and baby Ava J
do that right now and you could possibly
give him by
