get out it's seriously I'm not guys I
think I played along it's good YouTube
it's your girl jasmine two times in
today is not prank day but it's revenge
day oh you all saw the last video where
Fredo completely lost the lie if it is
off limits and that prank just went
overboard so today I'm not gonna just
get him back with a little prick I'm
going to go all out I'm going to get my
sweet Airy sweet revenge now there are
just a few thing Fredo loves Aaron dear
to his heart one which is Ava but she's
off limits number two his PlayStation
and video games already completely
destroyed one more special thing that
guys will have to wait to find out to
see think it's about time to get my
revenge let's go
hey guys guys I'm so scared
fado is going to kill me is it not out
right now a little scared but you do not
mess a Mama's baby are you ready to get
your daddy back yeah you're ready to get
your daddy back my god this is gonna be
insane let's go
Oh
my hair you mess with me waver
get out it's seriously I'm not you guys
I think you're going no your punishment
is not over your punishment isn't over
playing a part of the games you just cut
my fucking do you know how much shit
you've done to me you messed up big-time
so you deserve a punishment
are you joking behave a video okay what
no you have to keep it like this for a
week and we're gonna be doing videos all
week long just give me your wallet give
me your wallet
we're gonna do videos all week long and
you gotta look just like the bet maybe
you won't have to go through all of this
if you didn't disrespect you baby mama
have oh one last surprise let's go where
are you taking me where are you taking
me Your Honor you're on the verge to
break up with you you've out of you're a
single mom honey bun this is perfect
make a left
I'm dropping you where so somewhere I'm
trying to kill me yes oh thanks I need
you to do can you check your wallet
check my wife yeah check your wallet do
you see anything unusual what seriously
you have no idea you'll see anything
missing or anything
the hell is my point me understand that
would your driving license like you have
to show that everywhere your torture
if you moments later
oh did you learn your lesson are you
ever gonna mess with me again in my baby
mission accomplished this is why you
never mess with a mama in her baby
