let one rip let it rip oh no oh my god
girl what's good YouTube this your girl
Jasmine - time sleepy - times credit
some time
today we are going so our lease is
actually coming out in a few months so
we are starting to get in the process of
looking for a house because has taken
over it our apartment really bad they
bump do you have to say about that we
thought it'd be a great idea to for you
guys along on our house have takes you
guys have been with us since our very
first apartment apartment we have now
and then hopefully to first home our
very first all I hope so do have a
little bit of a problem going on but
we'll kind of explain that later now
right now we're gonna go see this first
property that we haven't yet seen seen
online if you live in Orlando if you
live in Florida you would know that
there's so many damn areas there are so
many bro and it is really hard to decide
exactly where you want to live pricing
is always different depending you know
it's all about location you feel me so
really go check out this new place
hopefully it's dope this is insane oh my
god what some plans please we're allowed
to be here absolutely beautiful Wow look
at that man
oh that one's available that's not bad
it's not that I love brick oh these are
nice look at the smile look how nice he
is are you ready already alright let's
go baby Ava this is beautiful take a
look at this guy obsessed with the
kitchen looks like every house we ever
look at the kitchen has to be amazing
wow this is beautiful these are the type
of goals that I have all right forget
cars for you touches jewelry any of that
this is the house look at this
absolutely beautiful and now you like it
huh
now you're excited wait you two
this is what we're like this is a front
this is a forever home living room and
kitchen and dining room they're not like
too far but amount of space it is
honestly it is it does this is a guest
bedroom right by the pool master bedroom
is actually upstairs
Wow you go upstairs are you ready to be
all ready happy she is I've never really
seen her this happy oh yeah this is a
second happy you seem very girly this is
the upstairs guys where do you start so
to the left is a bedroom it's a nice
little balcony out there it is look at
these doors Wow Wow
look at that beautiful
you have yet to see the master bedroom
it's the most important
are you ready you ready this is
literally the master suite right here is
amazing are you ready let's go master
bedroom is a master bedroom Wow guys are
masters that are literally like half the
size half the size Wow you know the
balcony is right here oh you like this
Aviva this is nice it's a three part
master this is where the magic happens
for you oh my god this is a new shower I
just rolled through and took a shower
wow this is this is hashtag goals
hashtag you have been looking for homes
for quite a while now it takes the cake
this one takes the cake of all of them
like this is beautiful this is a forever
homes we could raise our baby girl she
could grow up in a home just like this
you want this now that you have seen
home number one what are your thoughts
right now home number one is the one it
and that's the first time I said that
not too big it's not too small there's
not weird like burners yeah
it's literally perfect you guys in the
comment section you tell us what you
guys think I think that this is
beautiful I think that is it is fit for
a king a queen in a princess
so you already know what time it is
Jasmin's absolute favorite meal of the
day
oh now this look is so good in public
y'all like look at her we were blessed
what it really is so what are we gonna
do and she's all the times I have I am
enjoying this right here look at that
the roles are reversed y'all plate is
absolutely gone I just clean my plate
and this girl is still working I might
be i'ma let this girl enjoy her food
white and sleek everything is I like the
white like this is more you know more
conservative
yeah the floors are awesome they really
are in there they decorate them so that
you bio because you want to buy a look
at those chairs in the water
you bet is cool oh this is actually
quite beautiful this is the master
bedroom
oh he was upstairs even smaller this
one's a little bit smaller you know holy
I still like the other closet better
though cos it was more like I really
felt like a Kardashian wow this is
upstairs right now this area is much
larger that sounds like a movie room
Tara movie what
Wow this is an entire movie room the
perfumes did c8 this enhancement has to
have a little bit too much but if you
could pick between the two which one
would you pick this is a nice option as
well it's beautiful as well you guys let
us know in the conversation which one
was your favorite house 1 or house 2 and
this is number 2 so small though y'all
like but you get a newborn for Christmas
some ideas you have some ideas yet I
think I got a really good idea I think I
know I'm gonna get ready okay let's see
if you don't try to one again we'll see
this is our very first Christmas tree
yeah she's laughing this is like dad
life right now look at this job we're
gonna do like some family all right yeah
family teens this is this season issues
over here you gonna help me put it
together I'm trying to get photo
that is a pretty decent-sized Christmas
tree yeah it's not gonna do the
decorations in this video we're gonna
leave it for the next video custard in
the beginning we have a few dilemmas we
say oh you know why we may not purchase
the home now you know we'll go ahead and
tell you that now so very first
delimited that we have if you don't know
if we want to either rent a house for a
year and just kind of save up more money
so we can play an even larger down
payment down B oh no if we actually even
want to buy a house right now cuz buying
a house kind of she's stuck in like that
one place and we're so young right now
if we want to be stuck and tied to being
in Orlando forever of course you can
sell the house rent it out anyone living
in our house exactly gonna live back in
it it's just nasty exactly that's not
the kind of house that you want to run
out to people laugh and last but very
not least don't even know if we want to
live in Orlando kind of been in Orlando
like yeah early almost our entire lives
I don't want to just stay here like I
might want to go to New York I Love New
York I might want to go to Cali Cali
soon and we don't know if we're gonna
fall in love and was there so he looked
at houses before and we keep finding new
ones exactly if we find an even better
house than the ones that we've been
finding that's another thing minute I
just thought it that's that's listing
there might be an even better house in
an even better location because they
just always building new places we got a
lot to think about y'all you know either
way we are humble and thankful you know
to even be able to look at houses like
that we came from nothing forever we
came from absolutely nothing make it be
possible you know just the fact that
it's possible is amazing and it's a
blessing in itself yard and you guys see
us like do you guys see us in our land
Oh Cali Norfolk colors
but I Georgia xvideo is droppin next
video is dropping Friday y'all we
grinded that to mill just why you gonna
give me a woman like that by your side
get 7ek likes on this video and we will
for sure
drop the next vid by Friday
everybody say sweet dreams to my baby
girl daddy gonna get that nice big house
for you baby girl okay I love you
