couldn't afford it because I was an
accident granting Morehouse
thank you guys so much you guys are
thank you guys thank you guys
d swamp oh yeah yet now we in it will
support the community right I am so
excited right now we are on the way to
our caterers house pick up our foods I
just had the baby and Fredo doesn't want
me to do anything he's found an amazing
caterer
I want her lifting out a finger for
things getting this camera that's well
besides that we're gonna get us a
caterer for Thanksgiving but we need a
key we have to support our community and
not only that we gotta make sure we get
the good food you just don't give good
food anywhere you know that right go to
Publix are you ready I'm so excited
they start in from the table at bought
my bone marrow chicken bone to suck on
know about to be a really awesome family
and I'm really really happy that I ran
into her and that he's able to do this
for our family because I want that real
good soul food baby and in order to get
so cool you got to come out here babe is
you ready let's see you know you know
the food gonna be good when you go to
the back though canteen come to the
friend
oh yes ready for this food now you
bedtime yes we ready for this food now
you've been telling us your recipe for
my family
and has been handed down since slavery
so what I did was took my father's
edgenuity my common sense attitude this
is my husband Alabama with a Georgia
girl right here too
go ahead inside a green bean casserole I
do not like green beans we made all for
the turkey the turkey juice is last
night but we want you a have some real
great for your stuff sampling grazie
this is how you do things giving so you
can drink that baby
yeah you are
thank you for doing this for you
I'll tell you guys this is an amazing
lady you know we pay her to cater for
our Thanksgiving and she went beyond and
above to make this happen for our family
now I have a very special surprise that
they don't know about but you know I got
a show love back man it's the only way
to do it let's get it help me put that
in the car now okay blessing duh you
what you and your family is a blessing
to the Teutons family y'all now we're
part of our family all right whoa dude
you got Uncharted
would you say you got this game you like
that yeah I'm a huge fan of PlayStation
4 that's yours
I can take it that's yours really
I bought that for you bro I love you Oh
God thank you so much
Oh to your suit you're such a blessing
that's yours man that is yours
this is your reaching down oh that's
yours man that is yours man I'm so happy
I'm giving this to you because I'm gonna
see great things I bother you man you
deserve each and every single blessing
you're gonna be amazing your mom is an
amazing individual
and I just want to see you guys happy
and you guys deserve every single
blessing that's coming you guys who was
telling me how black friday you want to
try to go get that deal no and how his
we was messing up on a Maya's life why
not just get my man something because he
absolutely deserved it a lot of great
things coming to this family you guys
running my house
thank you guys so much this is amazing
this is what we love to do you know we
love to get in with the community you
guys don't blessed us like I said beyond
measures and that's that's literally the
least I could do man I knew how much you
wanted that and I'm glad that I can make
it I can make it happen I I didn't even
know about it I didn't even know you had
that we're covered for me it's been hard
because I have to walk with a cane
sometimes a lot with a welcome I'm
trying to kick my body used to working
out again
and CJ is such a good kid and I don't
even have the money to get a tree
because it's been so hard on us I just
thank God for a good son
thank you so much you know I like I
don't even know what you say that Wow
brother bi-lo is - what - to start your
own cooking biz my own cooking because
I'm very passionate about cooking I love
to cook I love to see people sit down
and enjoy food and I love old southern
things like so the iced tea you know
just a good plate of food people just
don't do that no more
and people just take for granted kids
like this goes around forever and you
know that's why I think we need to get
back to being in the kitchen because the
kitchen brings families together Wow
I don't know what to say man doesn't
know it and say this has all been
amazing just once again want to tell you
thank you so much this is hands-down
been the best thing as given we even
start eating even start my god
Wow that was seriously like insane Wow
you don't even know what to say we don't
know how to feel we're just very
thankful and very blessed to have met
mr. Beverley
she hasn't amazing so and now repeat I
cannot thank her enough like just
amazing like just to meet someone like
that and know that she's holding up so
strongly through everything this is
going yeah we didn't even know I don't
even know I had no idea if she got an
accident a car accident you know I just
thought it would be a nice gesture
to buy her son the PlayStation cuz he
told me like the day before and it
turned into some amazingness this
hands-down the best Thanksgiving that we
have ever had and also to think that we
saved their Christmas why yeah that's
crazy man murder says she didn't even
have the funds to even buy him anything
for Christmas she was saying Merry
Christmas in the middle of me giving him
the gift like that's crazy man
Oh guys we are so inspired by Miss
Beverly we are gonna take our leftovers
as you can see we have so much leftovers
just not have so much food left hold why
we're gonna go feed the homeless hey
shout out to miss Beverly once again for
being an amazing so providing these
mills for us like this was amazing we
love you and you are now officially a
part of the two A's game you ready to
putt you ready Patty's food yeah
let's get to work baby let's go hmm look
at it look at it look at it look at it
oh yeah they finna eat good baby they
finna eat good thanks big place hey Dale
you like that let's go feed them just to
our baby girl Ava I know you sleep in
can you sleep in very well but in the
future I'm gonna see you
saying the right baby girl I want you to
get out there I'm saying always look how
could they're less fortunate everybody
had the same kinda plea but she gonna
see this when she get older and she
gonna be proud of her parents and I want
to see you doing the same things so this
is a message to you baby bro we gonna go
god bless you god bless man yo man god
bless man take it easy buck hey you
hungry
hey girl man here we go man so food
thank you no problem god bless my
- god bless Thanksgiving man
Thanksgiving man we got pool plates
good stuff man god bless man happy
Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving guys its
turkey all of that good stuff there you
go man happy Thanksgiving guys it's what
it's all about guys blessing the
spearing big salute to my pops you know
holding it down from you out here in the
streets man
give it back when you guys have the
opportunity you know there's a lot of
less fortunate people out there that
don't even get a single mill so we're
just very thankful for the lives that we
live and just happy to give back to the
streets and they're right that's right
give it back to the streets my way out
here
you
