is yours that's money that was mine okay
I'm just gonna stop to admire how
beautiful you are in love it's just like
oh my god you're so amazing filling guys
after five days in the hospital oh my
god we are finally home saying a prayer
because I just go ahead and get it up
lord I just want to thank you Lord for
this amazing blessing right here then
you have blessed our that I truly can't
thank you enough
you know never imagine this in a million
years but I'm so thankful for this food
is blessing right here Lord beautiful
women by my side throughout this entire
journey just so happy by Pharrell later
this time and day by day enjoy these
beautiful days name we pray that's how
we cuz how we did it I love you so much
good morning morning mommy I know that
y'all was knocked the hell out girl
who's snoring up a storm and this girl
Oh guys we are officially parents how do
you feel amazing it's an amazing feeling
is officially a booty girl they show
birthday booty not every day is
officially one week it's ava has been
born how we are in full parent mode like
this is it right now go ahead take
pictures I mean this is what we do this
is our line go ahead take a picture oh
hey we're gonna show you guys what we do
to kind of get able to day started that
we have taken care of Ava for a week we
have now gotten her into a really good
routine and also today we're gonna give
her her first bad we haven't given her
back yet
no yeah she doesn't stink but we're
gonna give her her first bag also today
she's gonna meet her brother as you look
around who don't you see here baby
don't really want to bring a newborn
home to a pitbull so we decided that
we're gonna let a chaste at our parents
house so we can get a justice to the
parent life and taking care of Ava and
kind of figure out a way and have AJ and
Ava who exists in the same household at
the same time but in the meantime Ava
this is your house are you ready
cracking girl let's go she never cries
except for this watch this Ava Ava
pretty girl Ava she need as a daddy's
touch
mommy's touch look at that I have I have
so much in common you know that right he
loves the boobies and that do too baby
oh it's time now we're gonna give her
her first bad mama gonna cry
Felicia the lysis y'all there's a huge
chance she's not her little tub ready
her blankets her lotion her pampers
right now ava is pilling okay very
normal for babies to pill you know in
the beginning cuz they're they're
shedding like their first skin for life
that's crazy are you ready she's ready
let's go oh it's going crazy oh you
don't like that Ava you jump it so that
shit comes out the bellybutton
yeah it falls off like the inside falls
I just fall off now we're gonna keep it
you'll get our nice and warm
look at that y'all that's all it took
was a little bit of milk from the milk
factory and she's drawn oh girl you need
to go hey hey hey yo glasses uua
whatever it you need to go because you
draw okay you is anonymous whole week
without AJ Yan is probably the longest
we went without this boy was good let's
go you ready to go meet your sister AJ
yeah crazy man alright guys so it is
time AJ to finally meet his sisters how
we're gonna do it I'm just gonna hold a
vote I'm gonna let AJ just run around
sniff around you know sniff all of her
stuff of course we're not gonna leave AJ
and Ava in the same room together you
know
we kind of got to get used to this
because AJ is not going anywhere and
Ava's not going anywhere they gotta
learn how to be best friends and AJ you
gotta learn how to protect your sister
okay my gosh so this is go time we're
gonna sweep so let's go jumping down
down yeah we got everything out so that
he can kind of sniff everything and get
used to it
Ava you're crying hold on she's hungry
sit this is your sister okay and not
jump alright well jumping on her is your
baby sister Ava protect her son any
nigga try know what to do know how you
feel about him oh yeah she good yeah she
good all right guys today I'm gonna do
something extremely special for my girls
you know I am extremely proud of jazz up
this whole pregnancy labor burst
everything she has been an absolute
soldier and I truly can't thank her
enough for the sacrifices she has made
for our family so as a token of my
appreciation for my baby girl hey I'm
gonna be surprising her with a gift
something that she has been wanting for
a long long
and now Italy it makes sense to actually
give it to her and not only that I
cannot repeat I cannot forget about my
baby baby baby girl baby girl able she
as well will be receiving a gift from
her dead
I'm so excited guys let's go surprised
this got a few gifts for the baby girl
girl yes the girl is clurel
yes uno dos I'm gonna let you know that
I am so very proud of you there's so
many words that I can't really describe
in a say like what I've seen from you
throughout this entire pregnancy labor
and birth I'm just so very proud to
brought you a little gift
just to say so you like the big bag is
yours you can already see what it is you
are already excited are you ready yeah
so I thought of been awesome ideas
you're a new mommy get your diaper bag
baby you love it
been wanting a diaper bag for the
longest probably one of the best I
probably could have got you
seriously give it's actually for the
baby girl but there's a little twist to
it okay there's a little twist but it's
too small right now I want you to have
this gift
hold this gift the ava is old enough to
have it and then you're gonna pass it
down to her okay look on the back of it
it has our initials and it is two hearts
that symbolize me and you her parents
that love her so dearly and I actually
wants you to wear this necklace and hold
this necklace til Ava is old enough and
- Ava is old enough to have this had
verse initials engraved in the back
when you focus you focus it I can kind
of see it so yes so that represents both
of our love for Ava want you to wear it
and I want you to wear it until you can
pass it down to her I love you I love
you I just got to slow my clean did I do
a good job your first Tiffany it took me
four years ago Tiffany got a split of
the cleans man can't wait for able to be
able to worry that she will one last
thing for baby girl as well I was just
like why not you know oh wow look at
these
Wow look at that so dope that's for you
a bus you can swag out you know you know
I love you too thank you
did you love your presence did I do a
good job huh
as you can see as we're doing an awesome
job at adjusting to parenting just love
Ava so much I'm so obsessed with her
this week has been an extremely rough
week you know is trying to adjust to
being parents in I think we're doing a
pretty good job right Thanks so it has
definitely got us tired you know it's a
whole new life these will get easier for
us as they already are and the more they
get easier for us the more ellos we will
have we're gonna be frequent right yes
we're gonna be poppin right we're back
up oh we got the baby girl here she's
sleeping are you good as you can see our
channel name is officially the 2x that's
kind of corny don't don't ever do that
again
but yes our our shadow name is
officially the 2x family because this
little girl has made it complete so big
shout out to the 2x game but guys if you
guys want another vlog
