contractions yeah time yet though huh
but it's gonna be soon no then we get to
meet our baby girl all right guys as you
can see Duff is getting real right now
right and we are becoming extreme stream
lis extremely let's see if she can
finish this sentence oh my God we're
like a match made but seriously becoming
extremely impatient because Jasmine's
due date is in a week so literally
Monday and I pretty much means that baby
Ava can literally come any day now Wow
it is driving us insane a months of just
craziness and just so much preparation
and time and energy put for this one big
day just really want either to come you
know we don't want to wait until
last-second Mikado just rent things up
we rather early than late but we know
that most babies typically come late you
know for the first time pregnant and uh
there's good ruff over here Matt I've
been having contractions but they
haven't been consistent and they just
come whenever they want to and we need
them to be consistent so that that's
just a sign that I'm going into labor I
am so ready for this little girl to come
it feels like been forever since like
every day is
getting longer and long and it's kind of
nerve-racking just because we don't know
when she's gonna come she could come
right now she come in two weeks she
could come in a week like tomorrow we
have no idea so ready just to meet her
and finally like have her with us at
first we thought this is gonna like easy
process like we learn fast learn so
quick this is not easy
this ain't easy for anybody now it's
worse like those last like two weeks
you're just like please come already
absolutely salut every mother ever like
for real because before a guy like this
is draining even though me it's like it
felt like I was not my skin pretty I'm
ready to have this damn me I'm about to
spread my ladies I'm out my damn self
because now we just ready to meet our
baby girl and you know bring her into
this world I don't want it to make this
update video to let you guys know lie
ava literally can come at any moment and
knowing that it kind of puts our life on
hold like we don't want to do it like we
don't I don't want to do anything I
don't want to leave the house
I don't wanna brush my teeth mountains
okay I really just don't want to do
nothing like we don't want to I just
want to meet my baby girl baby girl I
just wanna meet you I'm gonna hug you
we're just ready to meet her
it's too much you know how to dream last
night cute I buy every night
even any news battery I'm having dreams
like in the dream I can't tell what she
looks like
I know it's like Eva you don't mean like
I know we're having her so bottom line
guys we want to give you guys content
right now you know a lot of people are
pressing us about videos but there's
only so much that we can do right now
you know what you know instead of not
uploading and not give you guys anything
we're gonna actually take you guys
through our day and show you guys what
we're doing actually to make a valid
let that be lit maybe you guys didn't
know women do various types of things to
kick-start labor to become more dilated
to get the baby lower and in the right
position so today we're gonna show you
guys exactly what we've been doing kind
of gate labor started and get Eva here
faster goal is to go into labor
naturally so they don't have to give me
a bunch of medicine to actually put me
into labor also if you guys have any
suggestions to help us get into labor at
them in the comment section right now
you are only one centimeter
she's only 1 centimeter dilated and ten
in order for evidence so we got some
work to do yah if you know what I mean
so we're gonna be absolutely not ready
let's go
other things that I've been doing the
kickstart labor is my yoga ball somehow
your working girl show you how you work
not gonna get out workout it's a workout
day so go ahead get to work girl another
thing that we can do get Ava in the
right position is dancing Oh dancing it
as well helps to baby get in the right
position family walk okay AJ yeah I'm
just trying to do everything in anything
to get this baby out I want everybody in
the comment section to spam Avram
you need to get food out of there for
real but let's let's hit this wall gonna
kinda
a favorite part of each and every single
blog each and every single day this is
it right here of course it is tell me
what you doing keep the camera on you
we're really working hard and what we
really really absolutely want to do for
the 2x game
it's to think oh so you think sorry I
forgot about that
oh well there's three things one yeah
Ava here okay that's why two daily vlogs
yes we're trying to do this every day we
want to daily vlog every day when Ava
gets here but majority of the time when
Ava gets here and bring you guys as much
content as we possibly can and number
three you need a new channel me we're
doing like a little contest to see you
can come up with the best family channel
name that's not two times family the
three X family the SSH family know
something you know villa family
something unique something different
something dope something that we can
have forever something that you guys
also appreciate and something eyes this
really Doulton awesome right yes yes
sorry this like late waitress just came
up to us so we we messed up anyways
getting town name that's what I was
saying we just really want to have a
dope-ass challening
you know that describes us describes our
family Ava
AJ something we can build off of you
know exactly and I know you wanna know
you wanna just go ahead eat let you know
what we'll get back this yeah zero to
three months seasons six months thanks
tonight one year look at this why are
you so damn organized girl you can't
help yourself what's up he's so cute
already a thank you your first day out
big you don't know how big she's gonna
be so they said I'm pretty like
different sizes and you know polo the
bear is like so you know what if she's
anything like her mother she's probably
gonna shit all over her first outfit
this is killing us y'all if we just want
a book we discipline I see smoke my big
girl just sitting in this room longer
stuff I'm just like for reals like
depression he doesn't have all this
stuff around you nine months has been
dedicated to one person and this one
person doesn't want to come out you know
I'm sick of you okay get out
get out right now because it's been one
I seriously can't do this actually we
were saying we're doing a look contest
right now whoever can come up with the
best family channel name you will get a
humongous from the game and there right
yes is right Maura we have a doctor's
appointment we're just gonna see how I'm
progressing and Ava's progressing just
see if all this walking and dancing and
all these other things they're really
helping to get Ava here faster and we're
also thinking about doing a birth blog
we have been officially decided yet
gonna keep that moment to ourselves or
share it with you guys right it's hard
to decide I don't know it I was like I
really want to share it with you guys
does that feel like you guys are family
we're family
you know but we just want to make sure
you guys will feel comfortable watching
the birth vlog and if you guys would
enjoy and you feel like you'll enjoy a
burger vlog and you absolutely want to
see every boring say how many likes I
say 80k okay the mama said the mama said
to myself 80 kilobytes on this video and
we will most definitely without a doubt
I'll have a GoPro on my head I'll be all
up in that thing alright and I'll give
you guys the birth flower just sit here
and just be sad depressed and just look
at everything and just pray for the
moment for a little baby girl to come
out love you guys ss thanks to us gave
me the game
