got a fire Frank cooking up oh yeah
today you know what I'm really Phil I
again in this mood
you have to be the big change I might go
to jail because the last time I was on
this damn camera here Jasmine she was
like don't you was real slick and you
know that you gonna get away with when I
see you girl when I see you it's uncle
just know that based on cookie she don't
play last time I was on this camera now
it is time embarrass you right back cuz
you don't get what you deserve the girls
know it's about that time to let Jasmine
know about my secret life to let her
know about Terrence you know because me
and Terrence we've been going steady and
I don't want to hide it no mo sugar no
more room for you in this house because
your ass is moving out my boo bang is
moving in Jasmine you're in for a rude
awakening
so first things first guys we got a pack
of all of Jasmine's stuff it's right
Jasmine yeah get all your stuff get it
out of here you're no longer welcome
right get her out of here AJ yeah get
her out of here AJ I got all the clothes
up out of the closet no way I'm gonna be
a strong independent black woman okay I
don't need no woman for nothing so this
is what we don't do you out here okay
get it get it all out of here uh-huh
this - this - yeah yeah out of here the
mama is gone AJ what you're talking
about bitch the new mama now all right
there we go
most of her stuff packed up in these
bags hold on this put him at the door
yeah we got most of her stuff packed
at the door so as soon as this girl
walking she know what time it is
let's give Jasmine where these prank
y'all let's go
why are you wearing my dress why are you
with what what it why are you know what
wig on why are your nails pink right now
what are you what the fuck is going on
right now um is there something that
you're you need to tell me I need to get
out I need to get out what are you
talking about your bags is that you know
why why Freddie Oh seriously why this is
ridiculous
yo Beck's is at the door take it out why
and get your finger down is it not clear
what's going on here no it's not clear
you're wearing a fucking dress and you
have a wig on with pink nails doesn't
make any sense to me
what does it make sense about why okay
what does it make sense we are done all
right we're done I'm coming out is it
right now you need to know this this is
me all right this is me all right
I've been fooling behind your back for
two years now with Terrance okay you are
moving out where I don't care you are
moving out in damages you look hot come
on jeez you in that damn baby yeah
fuckin man what the hell is going on
this is what
you know you love some friggin guy named
Terence specially what is wrong with you
you need to stop doing all these stupid
pranks why cuz I'm about to go into
labor you raising my you'll appreciate
do all drinks like that maybe I want to
have started this damn prank war would
you please take off that wig no I am NOT
taking it up like think about the place
man are you overflowing badly girl
Oh breathe it out girl breathe it out
there you go breathe it out guess what
we did guys check their P o box and we
read we thought it would be an awesome
idea if we share maybe one of these with
you guys right yes but we do want to
give a big shot yes because you guys
sent us letters and probably didn't
think we was gonna read it but what we
did we reason we reason wanna give a
berries
a shout out because I always say this is
the letter of the week is that what
we're gonna do like like Blue's Clues
all right man this ain't a corny channel
now we got it we got that man oh do that
what you make again please don't
especially shout-out to Nevaeh Nevaeh
not only did you send Jasmine a letter
she sent me a letter but most of all
times a letter
hello baby Ava you are the luckiest baby
in the world
I love you so much i watch all of your
mommy and daddy's YouTube video excited
they are to see you I can't wait for you
to join our world love Nevaeh mom I hope
you guys enjoyed this prank it was fun
night Mac you're not gonna look at it no
more I that I can talk about okay we're
gonna see this so Ava I'm sorry this is
father if you want Kisha bear aka Kisha
to toss any K likes we don't bring you
soup a no and I swear when I when I see
you I can't wait to see you because you
messed up
