I met this girl while walking out to the
parking lot one day and I didn't know
what to say so so like you know I didn't
want to not say anything because she was
super cute and I was attracted to her so
I kind of just said something silly
about the traffic about how crappy it
was
I'm surprised you guys and I can't wait
to meet baby Ava Congrats Fredo a jazz
I'm excited to be able favorite uncle
so much and I'm gonna read some line I
can't wait see you little table meeting
for you this morning to say
congratulations we happy for you guys
and we love you wait to be a part of Ava
in your life and do anything we can to
help me along this and don't be afraid
to call us we're here Congrats afraid of
the Jasmine I'm having set it for the
baby that's what everything goes well
about weeks
you ready good that I'm ready let's go
shut up to the two ways game yeah we
know how we rock you me too I pretty boy
Fredo I am filming right now
look at my baby momma doe which is so
good you're alive from our baby shower
you know we planned this for so long you
can keep talking all right okay let's
see we had the baby shower right now you
know we played this for a long time and
it feels alright okay shop Instagram LJ
Fitness alright man any more shoutouts
now alright awkwardly vlogging in front
of everybody right now just feels
amazing but bring you guys along on this
journey
that's how fun you ready Grady's baby
shower time baby look we got a lot of
gifts over there you know we got this
nice little look at this spot right here
it is very pretty
shots of my baby Hey look at her name on
that cake yeah they call me Fredo
Teutons right I felt like I look so good
I had to bring it out two times baby so
uh are you ready
I mean I'm happy you had
it's a big moment right here I know like
this is like the last stoplight
five weeks girl is coming if she is
almost here you're absolutely beautiful
by the way we give you a look you enjoy
this baby
oh yeah I'm gonna be the dad that has a
camera all up in the baby face yo leave
me alone please
that food tasting how that food David
listen down cheesecake over here oh yeah
well apple crostata but you all hunt all
right my god guys they don't say get a
little practice we'll practice a man why
not why not man
first right okay the Cheesecake so good
you just gotta get on it
it's too good for everybody
did you forget about to break the under
leg man what you doing maybe look at all
of these phrases all these people gods
you pull on the AVA look at all these
presidents all these people guys - are
you ready to open them so we're gonna
open no sir
Oh
come on
a lot of people felt like leaving alone
right now
the cameraman
my guess right
go yard wait it's a bracelet I'm sassy
like the TV show she had a man died for
King
oh my god - stop hold a
- Wow
yeah and then what started others
research I said that was Reese's he said
no it's clearly a reason other that's
Reese's almond joy you can tell that's
almond joy look at the inside I think
each and every single individual here
today
it was hand-picked and selected from the
best to be here no but I'm serious no we
really appreciate all the gifts in all
the thoughtful encouraging words support
support he absolutely wasn't ready you
know to bring this baby in this world
but there comes a time in each and every
individuals lives where you just got to
step up and this is just your time so
for the both of us is our terms I know
that jasmine is gonna be an amazing an
amazing mother as she's already an
amazing baby mama
not wife just yet she's gonna do she's
gonna be a great wife one day but I just
want to tell everyone thank you guys so
much we really appreciate it
we love you guys ss takes two layers
game la breeze come on you can get
through this baby come on I hope you
guys enjoyed the baby shower it was
extremely fun we had a lot of fun right
I mean like this is like the last
stretch now right shake it yeah yeah
yeah okay so remember guys we showed you
Ava's room or the baby shower or the
baby shower
now you guys oh my god oh my god I
washed everything just so that if she's
like allergic to anything or whatever
she doesn't get any type of rash that's
a momma right there that's the Mamas
first instinct right there you got it
which little boy Wow three months Wow
organized it's a whole momma right here
did you have one last thing to do
oh my god I don't think I could do it
she's gonna be here no you shouldn't be
sleeping on the floor Oh Lord
today's a day fredo two times
daddy Fredo got a whip together Ava's
crib what any do all right so your dad
is gonna put together
there's like a lot of pieces but someone
told me it took them three days put them
together just took my time to put this
together for like 30 minutes and these
are the wrong way one utility later
Wow
we did it we did it
2x game real it's right out comes a kind
of very sweet sorry baby I think you
guys understand how surreal this moment
is this moment is like damn we'd love to
have a baby it's real like this is real
this is why and life is about to hit us
I'm very excited like okay I'm like I'll
like this so very thankful is so very
blessed is so very excited you know to
bring this baby into the world and we're
excited that we get to share these
experiences with you guys you know I'm
saying like we're sharing our like
deepest fullness with you guys and that
means a lot you guys want more vlogs
tell me guys that like button smash the
like but for 80k likes guys 80k lights
will bring the next vlog we got a really
dope idea for the next one right yeah
it's very new hard one
