it's just karate-chop stretch away hi
guys
so I've got a lot of questions about how
I take care of my skin today I've
decided to show you guys what I do every
morning to keep my skin clear I use this
vanity planet spin for perfect skin
brush in these winter months it's been
very useful with removing the dry in
dead skin and making my skin radiant and
clear the package includes a
battery-powered water resistant handle
daily cleansing brush also includes an
exfoliating brush large brush for your
body and a hummus stone for your feet I
like this brush because has two speed
settings for custom cleansing first
thing I do is put warm water all over my
face I put my favorite mild cleanser on
the brush head and move the brush in
small circular motions to cleanse my
face I use the daily cleansing brush in
the morning the soft bristles make it
great for sensitive dry and normal skin
type you can use the exfoliating brush a
few times a week it breaks apart dead
skin cells for a deeper clean I rinse my
face off with warm water pat dry and
voila the great thing about this brush
is that it comes in six different colors
and of course I got the pink one it's
awesome because males and females can
use it if you want to save 70% off click
the link in the description
but at YouTube is your girl jasmine to
time today I have a huge prank to pull
on Fredo this past year we've had so
many great pranks and amazing memories
in this house but today I want to be the
one that leaves the best lasting
impression today I'm literally gonna be
Shay
today I'm literally gonna be shooting my
video has a really low tolerance for
poop and any type of stuff like that so
this is gonna be hilarious I thought it
would be a great idea to make him think
that I all over my soul even went as far
to get liquid ass so I can spray it
incredible really think that I but it is
Taco Tuesday so let's go have some fun
let's get it
now we are my favorite taco place it's
called Rocco's tacos you look at my
burrito
besides of evokes ornaments nearly the
entire size of you
thank you for taking me here
she never takes me out who appreciate it
listen what's the occasion
allow me
burrito slow down
you know Ava cannot wait to start even
from the table so Karen
she's gonna be so bad
girl you are not serious you know I
don't know to you this should be new to
you it's supposed to be a prank but he
stuff makes like real-deal hurts right
now I don't know what was about to
happen this is like Karma for something
I haven't even nothing
guys so yesterday did not go as planned
my stomach hurt so bad
I couldn't even do the break-up freedom
I was throwing up and it was just a mess
so today you know frado's I'm kind of on
high alert I haven't been feeling well
but he's sleeping right now and it is
the perfect time to prank freedom I got
my Lola to watch Eve for me and remember
guys I have this fart spray so Fredo
is probably gonna throw up cuz this
smells so bad like I can barely take it
so funny mommy's gonna go pour opinions
Oh
hey hey oh my god baby you're not
serious
you're not serious oh my god oh yeah
yeah give me the sound phone oh my god
oh my god oh my god on me yo guys
I'm not playing with job this morning
get out of here get out of here
I won't even worry about you
stink asshole or worried about my
goddamn baby you guys think you got Fred
go take it for a little girl take a
goddamn shower is your asshole smell
like a sewer a New York sewer meanwhile
guys as you can see we are packing
getting ready for our trip to Cali
we got the boy in here hey what's up boy
oh my god I just feel comfortable around
another nigga in his drawers you're a
weirdo he's used to it by now so weird
ain't it Ava you know as you guys can
see we are packing up and his girl want
to do some dumbass pranks what do you
think you are thankfully we were able to
get a video out today but time is gonna
be very pressed against us these next
few days as you can see we're are
packing and tomorrow is moving there how
do you feel there's no sweet honey nah
baby mamas she doing all the word baby
married it
we pack I don't want to show you guys no
boring footage of us packing I just
think that's like boring instead I have
two things that I'm gonna do our next
video
I need 100k likes for this alright I'm
just gonna say I need 100k likes I told
Jasmine since the next few days we are
packing he has no idea about this tiny K
likes will do this I need a honey Kate
likes than 24 hours dog honey Kate likes
24 hours you do it for the next video
this is what we're gonna do we're gonna
expose our lease and most favorite
youtubers we're gonna say why we don't
like them - honey can't lights and I'm
gonna tell you why I'm gonna tell you
why we did I decided we're gonna why cuz
we packing him we're about to go to Cali
that's a long guy's trip it's gonna be
too much going on say you know what how
about we get this off our chest because
those youtubers are afraid to get
uncomfortable I'm not afraid to get
uncomfortable I'm gonna expose her and
I'm gonna tell y'all who her least
favorite youtubers I don't want that
video 200k likes if not we won't drop it
we'll just do that but we got some
packing to do California we are on the
way one time let's suppose some
people mine 200k likes for the expose
all challenges escape
