baby baby you want a marshmallow dude
YouTube it's your girl Jasmine two times
in today is a very special day Fredo
hasn't pranked me in a very long time so
I feared it was time to start a prank
war now we all know Fredo loves to fate
is games and his shoes
so today I have a very very big Reno
team Jasmine in the comment section
let's get it so right now Fredo is
sleeping try to wake him up and get him
out I'm really scared I don't know why I
do these things to myself
baby I have a surprise for you
eyes please baby he's not getting it you
want a marshmallow
a few moments later know what freedom
does it know is that I actually got him
another pair is he I knew I had to get
him another pair baby you know I know
what I'm doing I got you another pair
your body's online where'd you buy these
online where did you buy these these are
not easy like you Amazon does not sell
easy baby showing don't you understand
about that show me how they're fake that
doesn't make any sense what to say to
you I mean they're pretty close it's not
the same Jesus
so they were the same ones they tricked
me it looked like it our mom if it's are
not
maybe that is Karrueche Nancy and gross
I swear to god this computes you sure
yes go extra bit you still do it
I mean this is how people feel when
these eyes
two three thank you thank you
no no no I'm out of here he's pregnant
our destination we are in new yard they
came to New York to get some dental work
done turns out I got to get my
procedures done in New York but instead
we're just gonna have a few days to just
what look at barely barely I had eight
more weeks to go
oh yeah we're excited so excited to
finally be able this is our first time
in New York actually No
of the baby that we're hearing we
actually know the gender we can shop for
the baby girl so excited so excited to
just have fun and enjoy New York let's
go one time but giddy let's go
you like these I like these two a
slippery look at this together like a
custom blanket if this one is 195 but
you do get 30% off today okay you know
what this one might be too happy I
thought I'd be shopping for some girl
clothes you know it's crazy but at least
we won't get her some Ralph Lauren you
know Santa
swag swag e baby two times in the
comment section yard look at this little
dress see I know how to pick out stuff
for you even that little dress or this I
people dress I think the pink is even
cute how does she look
it looks good she's rocking it well with
this vanish look how excited you are
it's when parents are like super excited
than buying for myself it is cash it out
today oh yeah Pullo Ralph Morris oh yeah
today
oh hey it just feels good to get away
you don't say and just kind of D
decompress and D D everything well I
didn't up D heart alright guys so right
now we are back at the hotel and we
thought it would be a great idea that
while we're in New York and start on our
maternity shoes I have Santana from
adore Jay photography doing my makeup we
thought it would be a great idea that we
bring you guys weight and get you guys
this head start an eternity hey ready
all ready are you ready Rea be a nice
little motto I see
as you can see we are in full moon
connoisseur v catcher mode
right oh I am never seen this before in
my life I have never seen this macaroni
and cheese Oh mark and we got four
different kinda Buffalo
okay oh good lucks the chicken and bacon
and then the tradition oh my god the two
times family we like to consider
ourselves food connoisseurs and five
catchers okay for this like three
seconds sick of 30 seconds to go
not only do we like to enjoy different
type of foods but we love catching an
awesome vibe look at that man that is
Wow
we're about to go to flavortown baby
let's go
holy bacon
first off amazing mac and cheese I've
ever had so which one was your favorite
no bacon my favorite would have to be
the lobster you guys should definitely
check out this place New York City
this look at this life right now you
can't get any better than that you can't
get any better than this so right now we
decided to go to the Highline as you can
see we came at the perfect time Sun is
setting and this is absolutely beautiful
man Wow baby I don't want to leave you
know you gotta we gotta go back home
we can't stay you think so a bow would
you live in here oh she said yes she
said yes yeah at the Abbey no do you see
yourself raising Ava here that's hard
could you like the vibes here are just
so dull
they're very dope and I feel like it's
so diverse here yeah and it's not just
like with ethnicity but like there's a
local tree there's so much culture in
church right every type of food every
type of person every type of building
everything like just look man I think
she would be really well-rounded me
think I could leave my parents that's
the only thing you might have to like
pack my parents up in like we're gonna
have to pack it all up and put y'all in
the suitcase
because we all want to be what thou
shalt play this is this is an ocean I
think if we did decide to move it would
probably be like a year from now or from
like when Ava was born you know she can
spend time with her grandparents and we
can kind of get a feel for being parents
before we make this huge change I don't
want to like wake up ten years from
dang we should move to me or should be
had the chance because once we do start
like a family like a bargain house
impacting Ava in school it's gonna be
harder she just to make up moving I
think now is a good time to be honest
Wow now you don't really love people
that love each other them do stuff like
this I try to use me to make up for it
anyway so I hope the two A's game I hope
you guys enjoyed this video we will have
plenty of vlogs exciting challenges
coming soon that we're having fun
the baby is owned away the time is
ticking so we are in crunch time on
videos and just everything if you
enjoyed this video hit that like button
and
still being bad subscribe for more great
quality content men shout out to the two
of game-san time
