this is a nuclear hurricane it looks
like the path it's on is very very scary
and it's very very serious please leave
now we
I honestly I don't know
witnesses gonna aim I don't know what to
say I don't know what to do but like
everything is just like crashing at once
man as you guys know we live in Florida
we live in Central Florida Orlando and
one of the biggest hurricanes and
history literally history is about to
touch down any day and my parents
decided to take a cruise decided to go
on a cruise while one of the biggest
hurricanes is out in the ocean right now
and now all of a sudden hurricane Irma
has now reached category 5 that means is
the strongest most powerful hurricane
that possibly can can come right why is
no six hurricanes Emma is in full effect
everyone around here is scattering
panicking going crazy for allies like
Jasmine is sick
I'm coming out for sickness we got a
baby on the way that I gotta worry about
everything right now y'all is getting
real bad and once again I hate doing any
kind of video like this but it's like
one thing we have no choice but to vlog
our daily lives lucky we live in Central
Florida you know typically when
hurricanes come they hit the south part
first you know like he West Miami but
this ain't just any hurricane bro this
hurricane can do tremendous damage to
the entire state like literally leave
this place Lud it like this is bad
phrases your parents have to go through
where the Hurricanes are going just to
get home yeah when the hell they're
gonna be able to get home I don't
understand this man I told my parents do
not go on the cruise bro do not go it is
not worth your life it's not worth it
and they went and now I have to worry
that they're gonna get home safe you
know this is a very scary in serious
situation guys I know we're sitting here
laughing we're just trying to laugh
through this this pain cuz it almost
feels unreal it literally feels like
it's not real and we're literally days
away from from something that could be
very harmful to our city to our state so
all we expose you guys prayers first for
us prayers from my family you know so
that they can make it home safe the
entire state of Florida everyone that's
gonna be affected by Emma we literally
definitely keep you guys in our prayers
because we all got to stay together man
this is like this is crazy y'all and I
want you guys to know the severity of
the situation like this is not just any
other hurricane you absolutely have to
take serious precaution and take this as
a serious matter
this is a Sun do not blow hurricanes not
supposed to hit here until about Sunday
or Monday
it is now Wednesday we thought that we
were ahead of the curve you know I'm
saying coming to get in the water bro
there's nothing at all
what do you want to get this is this is
crazy
tips do you have for the subscribers at
home I'm not saying cuz we're not the
only people that are going through this
and definitely won't be the last you
know what are some tips you can give to
the subscribers you definitely have to
get a lot of dry food and like stuff
that'll last you a long time like right
now we got a bunch of you know get
arrays chips and stuff we're gonna give
you cereal you know Cyril you don't have
to refrigerate and stuff like that milk
you do so be some dry cereal Avars
bananas it's like true they after you
open the fridge because when that power
go out it's gonna be true you know I'm
saying so make sure y'all stock up y'all
look at it look look at this look at
this we about to coat the wall can't you
worried about ice cream
we can put some ice around it or
something baby I got him my sneakers ice
cream
I've done yeah I'm doing this girl yeah
I'm dying become get her and she copy
yeah
preparation number one throw objects in
pool we are at Fredo's parents house and
we are prepping for this hurricane
that's coming we are not going to
evacuate because Fredo's parents are
still on the cruise we don't know when
they're coming back this is really tough
y'all like this extremely this is crazy
they're on a cruise we have to watch the
house kind of get in the vlog you know
say Kylie Big Momma
yo you about to break my babe I'm
sweating I'm gonna lose like 20 10
pounds just being out here this is just
tough of us right now guys you know it
kind of looks like paradise right now
but this is the calm before the storm
just really praying that my parents you
know they make it home safe and you know
let's all we all just have to brace and
prepare for this huge storm because it's
gonna be crazy
another reason why we have n evacuate is
because Florida has only issued an
evacuation for South Florida so that's
just pretty much Miami Palm Beach for a
lot of day you know like the the
southern part of Florida they're all in
a rush right now to evacuate because
they're gonna be the first ones to be
hit by the storm once again we're in
Central Florida so usually they don't
tell or like Central Florida to evacuate
just because we're so in the middle this
is just a different type of yes we
haven't had a storm like this or a
hurricane like this in like what over 10
years so everyone's frantic we don't
know really like what's gonna happen
we're kind of doing it like taking an
hour by hour day by day it's getting
kind of scary of you know cuz honestly
anything can happen so we just
absolutely just actually guys used to
keep us in your prayers you know that
and not just us but just the entire
state of Florida the entire islands
everyone to Puerto Rico
everyone in the Caribbeans you know in
Satellite we're praying for you guys cuz
you guys already got it really bad and
lord knows what will come from this
storm we're just praying you know I'm
saying I just want to keep my baby girls
my baby girls big girl right here about
to break my damn leg once again we
absolutely apologize you know I'm saying
that we can't bring the content that we
normally bring it absolutely breaks my
heart we've walked at Walmart today I
never wanted to do it but I thought it
was kind of funny since I kind of bashed
it in the last video that we do it in
this video but you know it sucks man
it's kind of hard to make videos when
you you're really concerned about you
know your parents I'm concerned about me
I'm concerned about my my family my baby
my girls so it's just tough right now
yeah and we just actually ought to just
be patient with us man this this is
tough man it's like one thing after
another brother it's like we can't get a
break you know but God will never place
a path in front of us that we cannot
handle he will never put a task in front
of us that we can't take care of so as a
man I'm a step up to the plate and I'm
gonna protect my family I'm gonna make
sure my family is good and I know it is
in God's grace that my parents will get
back home safely if they send your mommy
they tell Central Florida we out of here
bro we taking the next flight plane but
everything tricycle we taking the next
Rasika outta here you know but we just
want to keep you guys up today if you
guys enjoy daily vlogs do you guys enjoy
this blog is this like informative is
this what you guys like hit that like
button if you like daily vlogs and you
would like to keep up to date with us
you know we just gonna keep you guys up
to date man I love you guys / to
everybody man shot - the two A's game
say it one time
