princess all that know if that's her you
fell down Kevin yeah urine all right
guys I won't doing any type of video
like this I'm saying it's not it's not
my style not it took me to where I am so
I'm telling you to learn that this girl
is and I'm top of youtuber that and that
girl is but I wanted to keep you guys
you know sam updated with our channel
and stuff like that you know usually
don't get too personal on our channel
you know when it comes to me or jasmine
you know we try to keep our personal
lives away from you too you know because
everything is already out there so when
we just try to have some privacy
sometimes and I know you guys here lost
and just think it like why aren't we
uploading what's going on
was this was data so here it is I was
sick last week and I'm still sick today
but I'm much better
I think jasmine got like my sickness
right she got my sickness and she's been
throwing up and just not something good
getting sharp pains and I thought that
maybe you know with some rest if she
would get better she hasn't been getting
better so we decided you know let's just
go to the doctor because we want to make
sure that not only is jasmine is okay
but our little baby girl
mm-hmm you okay pepper how to make sure
no little baby girl Abel is okay this
pregnancy not just for Jasmine but just
for mothers in general has been not easy
at all and we like to keep most stuff
like this especially when it comes to
like being in the hospital room like
Lynette on YouTube I feel like that's
lame as hell and you shouldn't do it I
hate uploading anything that's not
actual content that is like the worst to
me don't say it like makes me crazy when
people load them shopping at Walmart
like I hate that so trust me isn't
eating sorry young doctor came back to
what I was saying
we hate uploading content that is it
that is it legit or pure content you
know send something that really takes
effort and just making great big
original big different than just being
making a dope video but I know that you
guys desperately want to know like
what's going on
and when we're not posting your life
well why aren't they not posting and you
have no idea that we're at the damn
hospital war I was feeling sick last
week and she's from the sick so it had
you guys instead of just leaving you
guys in the blue for week you know take
a call they disappear for a week you
know jazz masking it better I
there's no frailing jazz without tears
you know bottom line guys we like love
like fire has content and never one of
us makes me cry okay it really really
makes us crave but there should be in
here soon and we're just gonna keep you
guys updated but we love you guys 7 2 2
sk china a sensation being so loyal and
supporting us to the fullest
I'm sorry forgive me unicode can't end
this do I do this I bet this is all my
fault huh all of it everything the last
bit of an but yummy here Ava right now
ya hear a heartbeat that's good music
right there my favorite song okay I love
you alright well just been telling my
wife on the job I love you guys
alright guys I have some awesome news to
tell you guys jasmine is doing perfectly
fine the doctor gave her antibiotics so
that she can feel better faster and not
only that the baby girl
Ava he's doing great so this is
definitely refreshing and awesome to
hear that both of my girls are holding
up like soldiers right now jasmine still
isn't feeling too well she's just been
in bed sick but he seems like to be days
and I just want her to feel better you
know because the energy around here just
been super low been kind of hard around
here y'all so so today I'm gonna do
something very special for Jasmine just
to get her energy up get her spirits up
I just wanna see you smile again and
show you how much I love we got to get
these positive vibes back Rocking so I'm
about to do something very special for
Jasmine right now let's get it yo come
here
I should tell let me give I know I have
something I want to give you before you
walk out of here I just want to tell you
that I appreciate all the sacrifices
that have been made to bring this little
one into our lives and that I appreciate
you and I love you from the bottom of my
heart
so she's kicking so good it must be good
alright so I just want you to close your
eyes come on walk for walk for like a
Pete do not pee on the count of three
one two
it is a hundred roses and some get-well
balloons and i just want to tell you
that I appreciate you and I love you so
I just want to do something special for
you and I'm saying just to show you how
much I really love you and that's not
twelve that is a hundred serious Wow
hundred red roses balloons just to tell
you that I love you and I just want to
get you in better love and cheer you up
this is crazy
I just want to cheer you up cuz I know
how sick you oh my god I just want you
to get in better spirits you know saying
I know it sucks being sick and all it's
kind of downing but we're gonna get
through this journey you know I'm sayin
we got like three months left we got 10
weeks we got 10 weeks 10 weeks left and
no baby girl will be here so I thought
I'd tell you I love you
read your car baby girl
hope you get well soon love always did I
surprise you enough
yeah good surprise I just want to thank
everybody for the love you know Santa
Ginny will love like we want you're
gonna get back on his grind you know
soon as the baby girl gets out healthy I
just want everyone to send their prayers
and don't send just good wishes just
well wishes just tweet her Instagram her
something man just tweet her some well
wishes man could we all want her to get
better and feel better and also for the
baby as well I love you guys kiss I'm at
videos is on the way guys we just asked
you guys to be patient just be patient
with us all right she'll get better so
does she get better you know what time
it is it's time to rate you it's time to
run it up you ready say it one time he's
at one time why you said no and we'll
see
you gotta you gotta stay just at one
time be patient yah we love you okay
