have you ever received new pictures
while we have been skipped throughout
this for years
well were to get heavy out the receipt
memory you're in
whiskey you - Michel boy pretty boy
Alfredo and shut up to the truth day
today I'll really see if the girl really
loved me
okay oh she were really riding on that
life all the time okay well we're going
to be today so pretty much we're going
to be asking each other questions and
then we're going to use this lie
detectors to making people if we're
being honest or not not only is he going
to tell you if you're telling the truth
or you're telling a lie but if you're
telling a lie it's going to give you a
shock now of course jasmine is having a
baby so we're not gonna let her get shot
but he's still may be our Father into it
I felt like you're telling a lot I'll
picture a movie okay yeah are you ready
alright imma get all of these lies about
you now look at all the lies about me I
know she'd be a lot what okay have you
ever stolen bathroom this is good
alright so we're gonna do rock paper
scissors as always to feel those first
wrestler in China get ba K for dinner
soon
oh yeah feel like you got something that
you want to tell me I know we're coming
out to Gate stroke okay no gasps ooh
girl I be asked and I need a back let's
go would you ever cheat on me with Odell
Beckham hahahahahahaha nice like that
yeah it's your turn are you ready I'm
ready
oh yeah any steep to the tee I read em
you ever thought about someone else
while we were having sex
yes sir
no the truth will set you free I did it
again kind of have to delete it
have you ever loved about being sick or
tired
to avoid having sex with moi
okay no no I'm good over here so I
really need to get some answers out of
you because you know I do not trust your
head come on what I got you I got
everything so I don't like question all
right here we go
have you ever eaten at before your
answer
no not you know ass gotta eat the booty
look this how you eat the booty
know why it is all trust this man a lot
of eat when you're talking about okay
whatever
you know what you trying to push me why
I just really feel like I gotta put the
personal heat but it's like Allah would
appreciate crush you whenever that you
should okay here we go you ready I'm
ready with your courage okay so what is
your answer yes - oh so now why would
you say that but it was what it was
right when he said is when you do the
egg I would need a DNA test job you
don't even what I don't have to cotton
swab the hell out of Abel with you come
on all available but how can I trust the
God have you ever cheated on me that's
just a question yes
nice and simple have you ever cheated on
me yes or no show you so I got you yeah
no I
Oh God all right we all like to be here
no since I've been broke no thing broken
back broken friend all of it one's going
to question still doesn't squish going
all right ask me wrench is quick
accident
looking kind of like you want or
something WR do you know what I dropped
the key on me come on okay are you truly
with me because you love me or are you
with me for the mood yes I really love
you that's the reason I love you you
love it
let's find out oh no I don't want me for
the moment you can't even look I still
be with you
oh no to say I'll go cold right now
would you choose Rihanna over mwah
yes or no would you choose Rihanna over
me to leave our spooky I was where I'm
brother his next question you know just
for future reference maybe we want to
billow and dab and a lot of different
things in the future you never know what
if you ever consider having a threesome
know what you want to listen to CMU wine
or not because you might have no never
know let's find out there you go don't
ever add are you truly happy that we are
having a baby girl
yeah you're here you know in this game
yeah I suggest a question I just I
always wondered you know okay lord
better me or your ex-boyfriend seriously
you let's find out I'm better than all
right oh did you do it
have you ever at another girl but Wow
I was with you that means marking with
you oh just happen to look at someone
but have you yes
I would never do that while you're with
me yes I er it's not intentional and I
see you take you all so much
no experience you want to watch you do
it alright look and then I'll be like
why are you doing that useless well the
boy here is acting like are now okay
okay oh my god very last question you
know we found out a lot about each other
you know there's a lot of stuff we
didn't think have you ever truly thought
about leaving your bullet like you ever
just got really tired of us like I'm
done with this nigga I'm done thank you
back to you is know where you are so
what is the always Becker bag that you
don't ever go nowhere you ain't going
nowhere I love you guys kind of awesome
video you know I was really funny maybe
our last video I don't know it's lie
detector with it's a lobster it was hey
that light but guys what we say
Stephanie tell you why then icky like
and we'll do another challenge straight
like that I told you you'd call no work
yeah always have a room together
no way
