so right now we are in Miami baby with
me boyfriend y'all say what's up and you
already know the lovely two beautiful
babies it just got to Miami and first
things first on our list we gotta eat
okay okay we want to have a dash blog
just go and have extreme fun time
we have a big day we got super gay baby
shopping course you gotta stop into the
otter shelter baby with jet ski I mean
it's pretty dull cuz we get to spend
time with my sister and a boyfriend
really fun and dope people they live
down south so we don't get to see them
down there don't look at them toes baby
go check them out check them out check
it out check them out
what what happened oh yeah I got a
camera up
if you my girl
no homo on is probably no homo hey just
between me this is between me hey give
you a little space back there bro you
got a home you're like come on you're
rather down homey I'm Eric I'm gonna get
it poppin my dog ready to give smoking
smoking on body are we ready
oh my god
take out
I got me a baddie on the back
so we are shopping right now for baby
Ava and we are finding Oh laughs oh
don't stop just check it out oh my god
don't miss you love that so we learned
about this giraffe like babies love that
babies love so we're gonna buy her this
little chew toy right and then we got
the nice little sleepy where for her you
know and then some nice Burberry outfits
for her cute why are these outfits those
are these are sexy this I love this is
my favorite right here this is awesome
this is dull so we're gonna get all
different sizes
ava is a mud spoil at all times just
absolute less loyal she can't even find
out the for ourselves we went to the
children's station found some favor like
like that so
Oh God Elin Chili's good thanks good
look at that six months ago yeah that's
how ironic you gotta sacrifice right
sacrifice definitely wait for this yeah
for wait just to see her size because
this is like really nice we're laughing
about the fact that if able adjust all
of a sudden grows one of the great
babies and then you know
he has all this big stuff you know it's
possible but you know at six months I
think that yeah just make sure we check
every time this is still a girl is it
honestly that would be insane if that
happened done
I'm not gonna lie like that would be
like the biggest projects I would I'll
wait to because we're like attached
we're attached to able we won't want
that to happen you know so yeah
yeah and I could talk to her yeah it's
okay but this is Ava's tax right here
yeah she's so spoiled not even born yet
princess Oh young this is all for a buck
ten dollar target dress so we just
cashed out on the baby girl Ava how you
feeling to be here just to like see all
the clothes on her I can't argue but Ava
or I can Burberry how you feeling about
that perfectly fine perfectly fine
everyone's gonna be a little spoiled
little princess
we love you Ava
so guess what we never laugh I know yo
yeah we're cooler right now Bouldin with
the film
check him out you win it right now you
think you doing something you ain't
really joined that school again
all right he got me right now give me a
minute game oh he turned up on these
niggas Shawn what's up y'all what's up
bruh spear life it's paralyzed ah here
we go
rack em up rack them up gonna bow gonna
butter gonna come on
this was the pregnant life is right now
you know she got the water on her okay
baby
alright chill there that's a bowling
ball right here it's a little bowling
ball
yeah I'll probably get all the strikes
with this bowling ball right here I'll
probably get on strikes with this
bowling ball right here help cope this
bowling alley is right look check this
out
they have a skating ring in here Wow
look at this this is the competition Wow
right
who
seventy-nine
he could possibly blame if he is to go
become lambreaux this is their right
here this is an this is aa a confront
show me what you got okay
it's imagine law let's get it in but
attack come on you got it man strike it
yes she's not gonna get a spare
yes there's no way you can smear yo
screams but game cuz that nigga duffle
let's do this book yeah yeah you miss
your daddy huh hey J as you can see we
are back home you know had a lot of fun
in Miami ah yes that's so much fun so
much big shout-out to my sister and her
boyfriend you know they're really fun
people I don't get to see him that often
we had so much fun it was literally I
know you missed me Brett literally
smiles the entire time there were so
much fun I want to give a big shout out
to them make sure you go follow them on
Instagram I love you guys but there is
no place like home right no there is
absolutely no place like home with the
crazy man AJ if you guys want more daily
vlogs just let us know in the comment
section say we what daily vlog got this
Miami trip out of the way so now we can
focus on bringing you as much content as
possible I promise
ATK likes for another vlog I just want
to know that 80,000 people who'll watch
the video why we love you guys hit that
like Mike
