keep your eyes closed their eyes do not
open your eyes okay
Thomas me just trust me for once
okay I can't just you I better keep your
article we're pulling up right now are
you gonna kill me huh are you gonna kill
me thank you to become more pretty
boyfriend today is a very special day
because today we are a 1l but it has
been three months since we started this
chat that is absolutely insane
we just want to thank each and every one
of our subscribers lots of Awesome
feelings we're extremely blessed were
extremely humbled it's a great tale
right here so excited yeah I just want
to let you know Ava this is all for you
okay mommy and daddy we did this for you
Ava in the comment section y'all right
now we're going to jump in a livestream
and we're gonna do a live stall down
down with the dogs always got to
celebrate with you guys let's get it
rocking damn white goodness the last
hour for one meal okay what the windmill
remember the windmill Hey look I just
want to tell y'all I love y'all
thank you guys so much more because
Oh
shoutouts gonna go again we dated we hit
one nail oh if you know me and jasmine
you would know that me and jasmine been
together way before YouTube way before
YouTube Fang way before YouTube check
she been with me through the absolute
struggle man I remember there was times
that we really didn't have nothin you
don't fair
couldn't even take her on a date you
don't think that I had to sponge to do
so yeah I surely proven to be with me
through thick and thin and I absolutely
can't thank Jasmine enough you know for
believing in me and believing in us I
could never repay her for everything she
has done for me but today's it's going
to show our small token of my
appreciation and it's going to be a
small wimpy thing thank you thank you
for everything sticking by my side and
truly believing in us not today Jasmine
has no idea what's about to go down
I had to supply land for month cuz I
over if you cry with me and you get only
let me run on this bright orange a
channel and we make it happen before the
baby gets here I stopped you I told it
straight like that jasmine has been
bugging me about these three cars she
always was not ask you to say that today
baby
your dreams are finally about to come
true to a day I don't want to keep you
guys waiting no longer I don't want to
go pick Jasmine up and I'll buy my own
choice I slipped a little a few moments
later
what's wrong why are you why are you
building
you always are just let me if you trust
me one god I never do anything genuinely
nice rooms I'm genuinely going to do
something nice for you right now
play back all your videos my problem is
today I'm going to be nice I'm gonna do
something very special tea I have a big
surprise for you
you don't sound like you've been crime
and you know Sam come in that work it's
only right drink me I don't know is a
token of my appreciation of all the hard
work and effort you have put into this
channel I'm actually really proud of you
you know like you I'm just proud of you
there's no there's no other way to say
it so we're getting kind of close right
now I'm gonna need you to close your
eyes alright what you can't you gotta
have your eyes closed because we about
to pull up somewhere no I'm gonna
actually close your eyes
we're going to pull up somewhere and I
don't want you to peek receipt you
promise not to peek improvement not open
your eyes okay promise me just trust me
for once okay I can't just you you gotta
keep your eyes closed we're pulling on
right now oh god this is Jasmine stream
car so she's bucking very joy in or I'm
gonna go home big girl all right keep
your eyes closed
do not look Craig your prey and then
stop stop moving on a count of three one
two three
well you go
so that that is yours baby
congratulations
yeah I'm being serious this is yours
baby I swear to God
Otto huh de garis baby nice Eddie I sort
of got congratulations you deserve
and
in the rain oh my god your brand-new car
yes ah da things congratulations
congratulations this is your okay it's
not afraid I probably did it's not a
prank
you grind so hard you know stand with
this channel helping us get to a million
life you did so much and this is just my
way to say thank you I love you you
don't say no problem give me two and I
got a big enough car you know for little
baby Ava we got a lot of space back here
now so now we got a nice foursome car
this is your car my heart is yours it is
all yours you deserve it you deserve it
baby
you deserve it thank you doing
that's bad when you print you drilled
that much she changes all the prank man
this is one bill yo this car is so sexy
you love it just what it's a prank no is
there I really gotta dream hard and
believe like on a big turn it off oh
baby what is she doing away Thank You
SSA to the 2x game thank you guys it
should not be podcast not a bit
literally none of this would be possible
without you guys you know Sam always
showing his love I'm able to do this too
for someone that I've been with for four
years you know I'm saying she been with
me when I had shit so it's only Ryan not
only did I come up but I bring her on to
come up with me I'm saying we deserve
this baby you know you're coming up from
that Mazda I know my childre I'm driving
a Camaro and a Jag but she was driving a
Mazda so it was only right but I get all
right and he's done for me moving like
moving around baby
ticking she loves it she said thank you
daddy thank you daddy
so we got a nice big backseat for a fuss
Oh grant you better come on yeah
Oh let's get her drive wants a lot
oh yeah oh my God look at that hey you
look good you look good you look good go
ahead because I am busy okay I don't pay
that much subscribers do your whole give
back video enjoy this is our tool a
patient is a patient a patient is in
phase a phase phase is just a stage a
stage education
so if you wanna play faces because I'll
give it away on PlayStation follow me on
instagram a freedom where Fredo Baba
girlfriend at Jasmine j-2x on Instagram
and comment I want to PlayStation and
you to win your very own Playstation
case Dexter and I'm out of here
alright guys so you know I wanted to
make sure that everyone gets a part of
this one milk special we're going to get
able to text you nothing and check it
out but I decided not to but we have
chickened out so not at all we're going
to get my little boy aging something
alright I'm going to show you some love
though a date is for you
Hey
