ding all of these Seven Dwarfs go happy
corner to make Lipkin youtube is your
spot pretty baby in choker Momo if you
scream we are back today guys with a 210
Cal yeah no we're going to be playing
the 7% came challenging not only that
we're gonna be playing these collars
Talon we decided to mix these challenges
together because we thought it would be
extremely fun not only that we just have
fun shocking and exactly but I'm not
getting shocked today you ain't going to
shock today no you really did talk Eva
you're right everyone that's worried
we're not going to be shocking the baby
today jasmine has the replacement right
here is my dollar screen without the
mask about an age so today Maliki is
going to be filling in for Jasmine dad
was still going to play the game of this
guy he's going to have to take the shot
not Louise for Jasmine but there's a big
kid anymore baby show me five cents a
day contagious oh it's a real River one
of the shows us we understand what kinds
of things give it my cuz I got them I
got them on go ahead
did God but go yes
alright guys so this is how it's going
to go I'm going to ask a question and
Fredo has 7 seconds to answer it if the
answers incorrectly or not in seven
seconds a book now these aren't just any
type of questions these are a little bit
challenging especially for hahaha are
you ready
like spaghetti of Sunday night whose
mother came how much she had spaghetti
ready I'm ready
whoever has the most out of me in the
link with okay right or me exactly all
right go ahead
all right okay focus I'm focused Dennis
day seven eight three animal sounds go
this is nice whatever you want or not he
may say no Mardi Gras I'm ready come on
name three rocks and go green dices come
on they blow me down you're not your
heart of food a gritty
all right baby alphabet backwards oh I
just shot me you know get what I can do
de Lima say the alphabet backwards in
seven seconds come on bro zero points
are you ready question damn come on all
right
name three breeds of dogs go
pitbull Yorkie Chihuahua horsemen don't
involve my god watch you're gonna
pointer yeah five actors good Will Smith
Jaden Smith if you think man cuz your
mind is kind of stinking like I'm not to
get shot
yeah okay ci hurry up the guy's a
trumpet easy all right
come on alright ready I'll tell you the
other pot or 500 same all the colors in
the rainbow go red blue green yellow
orange what if it's a really red orange
yellow that's red yellow blue indigo
violet Roy be bad I filled in your
notice my keep if you don't want it like
the greenery Colin Farrell come on
Freddie
yes my name all of the Seven Dwarfs go
happy horny you rising such a Disney
door oh well yeah I got where inclusion
left
you know where I was on business
question just get on stage right I've
embarrassed myself about seven seconds
touch your feet with your elbows go
no I got this
shocker okay so my boy I'm your favorite
youtuber section more lucky dress oh
okay
so I scored two points all jasmine has
to do is get two or more questions
correct and they went alright and if you
down
are you go first question how many licks
does it take to get to the center of a
Tootsie Pop 195 oh that wasn't part of
one of the questions I was just mantis
dang five bad food restaurants talk
about McDonald's Wendy's Long John
Silver and or red named five pack u.s.
President Abraham Lincoln George Bush
Barack Obama Bill Clinton and John Adams
that's why I was lazy
qry may all the plants in the universe
Uranus Venus Neptune
- bitch okay yeah she's okay a five
movie Will Smith had been buy happiness
she had for more or less now here we go
there we go aim five Disney Channel TV
show that's the Raven Lizzie McGuire
Wizards of Waverly Place we go are you
ready already
alright count to ten in a different plan
uno dos tres cuatro Cinco seis siete
Ocho no did I before you the Spanish mmm
I let me catch me no Julio Oh game is
now hot y'all it is now to the two so
right now there's two questions West
it's one of the next two questions
correct you win
Andy and I just hung y'all ready now I
got this but the questions are getting
harder oh god yeah the tip of your elbow
that's a word that you'll be me
hi guys so this Court is now tied two to
two they have one question left if they
get this question correct
you win are you ready cry I got this
are you scared hey
country good look at it was at this
moment that evening she fucked up
alright so for the sudden test this is
how it's going to go I'm going to say a
word whoever grabs my hand first has a
chance to spell the word now they spell
it incorrectly other person has a chance
to spell that word so we're not using
the shot-caller but whoever loses this
sudden death
Happy's the shop are the highest
velocity possible in a new partner Aaron
so edge Renault sequence two kids my
hair on the child Monica come on so
raise your hands already
so our word is entrepreneur Rios hey
Morgan
alright class entrepreneur yes
e G are e
you know a PNG or East Peoria's frado's
punishment
it's that zero but make sure that you I
I'm saying that I love you and all right
guys really fun challenge I just want
you to hit that like button I think
Stephanie kale I think you'll be fine
make it a like and we will do what
another two times Kelly now I'm gonna go
take care of the baby you know sure you
subscribe to my youtube channel the link
will be in the description let's get it
