Oh from the title you guys are probably
wondering what's going on but decisions
have been made and here at all it was
scared big change to foremost I want to
say that all right guys so we're just
here at life just chillin ed Davis did
something to me I just did her first lap
first laughs that this girl is crying
everything she's died so many milestones
look at my two babies looking so good
I'm the light oh yo mama Oh should I her
girl should I her girl natural ain't it
match so today's a really good day
because somebody's out in the living
room right now
hey somebody that gonna finally meet you
Craig Craig oh yeah are you ready are
you ready this is the first time I've
seen my sister no Joe Oh oh my god you
finally
that is the first time I've seen his
girl cry she's legitly like hard as
rocks and Wow maybe just four shots I
heard tell me I get four shots two out
of it daddy thank you
all right guys as you can see we are
back and we are back with a challenge
are you ready now you remember what
happened last time now you remember now
Benjamin as you can see we are back to
make some memories with some very
familiar faces
here today we're gonna do an another
challenge couple vs. couple so today we
are going to be doing a spelling bee and
the words are not the easiest word now
if you get it wrong somebody's getting
shot gonna do couple vs. couple but this
time guess who's getting shot guess who
doesn't have a baby in her stomach Hey
getting shot that looks like me paper
Susan Joo he's gonna give the word to
him that he has to spell correctly if he
doesn't spell it correctly than she shot
her first word is idiosyncrasy oh oh
it hit you not know the G really like
indictment indictment hi I see
the word phlegm ph l EG let's go come on
that Christmas nigga not Christian
priests and chrysanthemum yeah okay so
you're gonna see 8r
to lower Browns cry just cry one paper
yeah web hey mom
hi so we're both retarded and we cannot
spill our girls are suffering we're
gonna do whoever it can spill the next
word one of these words correct and the
loser has to get two shots the first
word is rhythm rhythm I got our
why permeates it again for me
permeate or pardon me got a doughnut
gonna be our m-e hating this nice to
finally spend a word right he gets one
more chance but she go give it all this
goddamn leave silver you got a pick the
lights to be a big door
it's a dumbass word come on it's on the
list
that's Oh pH and
the team's coming in yeah
you know we like got over here
it took a cop class in college she an
ass man
cheating man I've never thought it would
come in handy until right now I just hit
160 363 yo and that's gonna be the crazy
hey I'm in the one ball is piece 120 120
I oh that's let let's see if we get the
1 2
this negative 22 goddamn
oh wait a minute
I know you guys are probably wondering
where the hell have we been the last few
weeks where have we been Ava you've been
sick Vince we're gonna start from the
top man I know from the title you guys
are probably wondering what's going on
but decisions have been made and here at
all it so first and foremost
Esmond got sick which led to Ava getting
sick which led to me getting sick we
were all sick you know these past couple
of weeks which stopped us from doing
videos and also we had some very
personal things going on here in Orlando
that we needed to kind of get handled
before we you know bring it to you guys
now we finally have come to a place that
now we know what the hell is about to go
down right yeah because it's a big
change first and foremost I want to say
that we're moving the cows but you know
what like she can't blame me though can
you blame me
no you tried you actually try to stay in
Orlando for me I did didn't it work out
that way sometimes things are just not
meant to be
sometimes God closes one door to open up
another you just got to understand that
let me tell you guys what happened so I
finally came to my citizens and I told
myself I said hey how about we do stay
in Orlando how about you know we save a
little money stay close to our family
and just get on that grime and what
we've been doing but here in Orlando
keep reaching daddy is breech so I found
a home for us that we can stay in it was
a beautiful home had the perfect amount
of bedrooms everything like it was a
perfect home here in our land but then
something of course had to happen Oh
story short we didn't get the property
now why we didn't get the property it
wasn't because we weren't eligible or we
couldn't afford the property I feel like
it had to do with some
some other stuff like it had to do with
that I'm not gonna say was dad I'm not
gonna blame it on skin color I'm gonna
find out after we put in the application
they started like trying to pinpoint and
like try to find like loopholes in our
application like we don't make the money
that we make or you know you know
they're just trying to find something
wrong long story short they said that no
dogs were allowed the worst thing here
now it is totally understandable like if
you're running a home you don't want
possibly you don't want a dog there cuz
you would feel like the dog could
possibly ruin the home so it's
understandable but realtor knew we had a
dog we were at the property talking
about a Jay talking about how big the
yard is and how there's so much space in
the house for like him to like be able
to be around and at the last second
after we put in the application they
want to say no dogs allowed and they
said because of the furniture so we were
like well what if we take out the
furniture because it was furnished yeah
and then they were like no they don't
want to do that either and and it took
them forever to like respond it was just
like it was bad it was just like it was
so bad it was so shady I said you know
what if they said no dogs allowed no
dogs are now but that's it I'm out of
here I'm gone I'm no longer staying here
in Orlando and I told Jasmine that was
the final straw so that's it so the
decision has been made and it has been
made for us
we're leaving Orlando and we're going to
County that's it and the worst thing
about it all guys is that we put our two
weeks in at this place here at our
apartment thinking that we're about to
get this other place we got no place to
go oh my god man this is why we have
been so stressed out been all over the
place these past few weeks because now
we gotta truly make nothing into
something these next two weeks so good
because like I said
everything happens for a reason closes
one door to open up another that wasn't
meant for us that wasn't meant for this
family and sometimes you got to
understand it you got to say you know
what that wasn't meant for us we got to
move on to bigger and better things so
no we're going nowhere without my baby
you're the king of the house baby
we don't leave without you around shake
one time you say I don't have much time
to pack our stuff and get out of here so
get ready cause the two times family
