they ready I'm ready my god a twin screw
you too Michelle but pretty boyfriend oh
man shut up - the two times game day a
day three day three of me well uh
Jasmine isn't here as you can see man
but day three of me and Jasmine fitness
journey now me and Jasmine both decided
as a couple of that fire time Ava gets
here I want to be a hundred percent all
the way around talking mentally
physically spiritually but we decided to
start our fitness journey right now I am
headed to my third session I'm pumped up
I'm ready to go
bring it our way to show y'all I'm
serious about things you guys can meet
my trainer Kasumi workouts is vlog
number three everybody get right I'm
about to be right before Ava get here
man let's run it up doll it's workout
time let's get it mine let's go come Oh
I want even a beer but I level we're
doing numbering home if I bought your
number all you look at I really hate
now let's say we gotta get another step
you gotta get another day we gotta get
another things got kids if we get had
adults like every kid huh go ahead that
dose swagger free no stops for 30
plugins all you're going again see go be
playing with almost one more peg 300
lightweight lightweight broke bill
Camaro with peg total turnaround even
though she had his name tag that way
we'll head away with a girl right let's
back up they want to see you fall
Freight or not the place so it's nice
making the Fredo's dirty leather people
know it's hard but it's been afraid Oh
every time you doing here aspiring
somebody right now come on with a net
show you two right now for its great
mother
feet up a little bit after the whole
done back a whole number you got give
another gift you might get a sense that
within seconds a looks okay
fuck that are you guys sorry that's what
he is like this you got to give it up to
give it a match right Oh putting in work
there look at that look at that well you
work a hard workout done yeah now look
like I'm fuckin sick them up
check the box alright old man's me play
the girlfriend
he said you want to show them how wrong
and I'm going here take it outside and
one stop the window let me copy here
they ready Oh big shout-out to my
trainer light man killed it today da
make sure y'all follow him on Instagram
go ahead finish the hack my life 3 mi ke
on the scores LOC que le wot total body
Sports is the movement company the body
deserved and may ya'll watching frado's
dirty Manfredo came here stuck it out a
day stay three guided me and push
through it y'all gonna see it on the
blog man you got a card from the bottom
left yes their home right now you know
your soul man you go get back in here on
Monday now go get no excuses
don't oh no heads out oh hello are you
on his horn I was fired
you know stores you are when you first
start working out
it's like brutal I could not get out of
bed this morning I just sorry I could
not to do it
so right now guys you're on our way to
shop floor also be the latest part of
our day I'll buy stuff that we pro like
you will eventually need you know then
we're not going to explode you just buy
a whole bunch of crap we're going to buy
their second but have fun with it are
finally able to shop for a girl we
didn't really shop you or because we
didn't know what we were having so we
didn't want to buy like a bunch of saw
so now that we know are having a little
Ava we're going to be able to shop and
get everything that she's gonna need
some dope their arms are burning purple
that's why I got their energy all over
her you messed up jammer I cancelled bro
oh please you can't even hold Imperium
ready Big Momma I can barely look at
that belly hold on huh five months Oh
God Ava look what we bought some walking
into this is my wife now your new home
alone this is my home away from home
y'all all right let's get it we ready
Academy you for that where they put the
aliens oh god I'm gonna cross I think
it's so cute you know probably aim is
going to be in here
yes you know how long we're not going to
buy our car seat today I don't know what
we're gonna buy we definitely look at a
crib though a crit I think need to get
it delivered they can go fit in the car
do a lot of things are changing in our
lives and I gotta make space and make
room for a person Brooks so many options
I know I want the car seat people to
like go on the stroller so you don't
have to like move the baby which is like
pleasing oh yeah I'll be dope but how
does that work like buying it why don't
know we lost y'all we need we need help
somebody help us please
frightening helped us for you know two
people Jesus you're walking here it goes
like our favorite store right here I'm
excited you're excited I get
your sort after this is so good look at
that little bear there's gonna be this
big at one point that's six months yes
it looks like Nero good about her all
different sizes because we know that
babies grow extremely bad so we're going
to probably once we got six months in
here we got six months it's in three
months three months you down candle
please switch it up we really really
like the rock morning yeah you really
like the rock oh my god David Yogi's are
you like put it next to the baby you can
put like how old she is
but you can do like the weeks like so
she's three weeks
oh you're like gorge on a Saturday so
any drug
okay guys
a person
the place
oh my god
baby
- margins
thank you for hero
No
are we seriously writing there yes oh my
god you know you'll be fine
there was I wish mom / - mom
we are staying
Wow
oh my god over here if you guys enjoyed
the vlog and one more well in the future
hit that like button subscribe more
great quality Packer hey this is so
lightweight oh great more vlogs you guys
Ryder what your subscribers is going to
break here my mom was great
