to you to Bishop one pretty boyfriend
aka cradle - oh there's a very special
day because today is punish me Jane
now we all know that Jasmine lone
Celeste whoa where are you going round
let me pull up and rode you doing
I also plan at all look at this dude
Mike I would say although that Jasmine
lost the last challenge to me and one
thing you don't do don't let Fredo
sometimes give you a brackish now right
I'm very disappointed
I have to go so David point because
don't get one of the dumbest thing you
could ever do Jasmine was well enough to
give me her biggest fear here is scream
the movie screen yes that's your biggest
night aside reoccurring nightmares of me
being in the woods hiding from him like
behind trees he's like popping up oh
you're serious you're just gonna depend
leave that information and don't think
I'm gonna do nothing win today baby you
are absolutely
have to face your biggest fear haha
judgment has no idea what her punishment
is the only information that you will
have is to come in the house and there
will be a very special letter awaiting
for her punished and what I'm going to
have her thinking is that her punishment
it is to watch the room ha ha it ain't
never that eat Amy let's just say you're
probably gonna poop you're a man I am
ready to run your punishment / prank up
I'm bout to go step aim right out let's
run this print blah get it mine let's go
right now I hate you I noticed someone
behind this couch we've got it
Wow
a few moments later
you got a memo no shoes I'm coming back
down there okay
come back all right boom hey dude shut
up the stray dog we punk and prank
inside a Jasmine we'll probably one of
the best punishment of all time we've
been sitting here waiting for her to
come home
it's real nice fifteen minutes he told
me ccl2 yo look at this green bro this
is wrong too skinny
hahahahaha bro I'll sleep oh no hey
what's up hey yeah hey yeah alright
there we go hopefully she come closer
ooh yeah
hey guys so I just got a knock at the
door Jasmine is finally home now
punishments not over Brown just going to
say that punishments not over bliss to
answer the door
sorry y'all I'm sorry brother
that's not even funny no that's not
funny
why would you be punishment is it funny
no I hate that would be like I was out
going crazy that's not even cool oh sure
yeah
would you do that to me oh my go ahead
dumbass movie so punish me that pasta
needs to be the hell out of here now
like I'm not it's not here I promise
it's not here he can jump out or
something it's like why but they don't
know I need a check it's not true
Mohammed oh yeah I'm pregnant were you
doing erase my fee like harder today you
can't do shit like that
why are you getting mad you know with
the punishment come on because cotton
gone I was in a costume the costume gone
I was in the costume the costume is gone
yeah why would you do that to me yeah
all right look okay
mess you got problem you ran out without
any shoes on gonna go leave me alone
okay why are you so mad position rich
burgher good job Raghu shame you stood
terrible movie
are you serious damn it's so scary to me
like I always had nightmares every time
my fears about him it freaks me out as
you can
Oh guys I hope you guys enjoyed the
video that like when a 70k life more
challenging more pranks
I got a vlog on the way we're 90k
Maddie cake we're dead no honey cake so
I definitely had to add this part in
here thank you guys so much I to the
two-time game 1 mill it corn the way you
want more screaming oh hey my fun man
and we're gonna keep running it off 1
mill is on the way shut up to the to tie
game
say what huh get it mine legit catch
