what are you to make you buy oh you you
are gonna come oh how are you not again
because you're right here I promise you
here you can yeah first and foremost we
just hit heaven shut it okay okay I need
to put a camera dance moves tell me to
set up any cake God you can see we are
very happy where it's very excited
because not only did we just hit 70 K
but we have a very special letter here
yes this is everything you think it is
now officially how's the ginger locked
and loaded inside the envelope so we
went to the doctor and got a gender
ultrasound
look at that big belly look at that girl
a whole ultrasound tech that we didn't
want to know the gender so she took the
pictures without us being able to see
and she put the gender in the pictures
in
I did
we're not cheaters you know we don't
peek as you can see it is locked and
sealed I mean like she taped it up going
into the bet look all sealed up we're
going to be doing our gender-reveal on
june 11 but this envelope is absolutely
driving though the infinity because it
has been answered right here no no we're
going to go and have a good as day with
this envelope Moll number two are you
ready let me go ahead and get my 7k on
yeah yeah 700 K get it my so right now
we are on our way to my best friend's
house to drop off whoa the envelope cuz
we can't hold we can't hold it any
longer okay know what we should do we
should have our openness like right
there like general I just like general
reaction that is so super secret gonna
know the jr. anyway she's gonna know and
so we should have her open the envelope
and just see what her reaction is if
it's a girl like that awesome so nervous
right now
like my stomach is it not genetic Valley
uh yeah what are you little ones are
your boyfriend uncle Danny eye candy
yeah good right so much so the pictures
are like face to face there's two
pictures in there and I guess you put
like for your girl on my heart's racing
I know that in our tape that I think I
don't know they remote job
oh my god I'm gonna cry baby no not
happy for you
appreciate that reshape that pictures
like pipe down there what it is that's
art I've done it at the reviews we got
away we gotta leave our Joe oh my god my
uncle Danny
that is so I wasn't gonna hit some
people know we're fuckin kitchen right
now and it's not us and we don't know
our long as we got rid of the envelope
that's the employer partner guys so
since we want to know the gender so good
you are gonna go see us I gave is about
to be insane we're going to go see a
psychic and see if they can tell us our
future that's scary that's really scared
I've never been to a thing before you
don't know how this is going to pan out
but hopefully they allow us to record
and hopefully they give us some secret
they tell us about our future
that'll be interesting that will be very
I want to go in there see my like a
necklace or something instead of weird
feeling my stomach not even go that
scary
I'm looks like sketch they don't even
have their like the door you're feeling
looking in there it's a psyche uh-uh I'm
gonna cry it's so weird
we're gonna go man get a free stuff to
use and go well what if she like this in
blue or something I've been a Buddhist I
don't know
now I'm just reading when I do I don't
read the poem or the clients I'm going
to be a ninja
your aura that okay now as I'm looking
into both of your energy levels cooking
often a lot of different visions Alfredo
I look into your energy level that's
around your forehead boosts me that you
are a good person and it shows to me
that you're very honest person your gift
is through your words your throat chakra
it tells me that your words and then to
be hurt with teaching driving inspiring
mentoring this is your strength
your energy also shows to me that you're
meant to be a leader not a follower the
other very take-charge spirit that's for
sure
just something that you do a lot farmers
don't like the disappoint anyone many
times you tend to let your heart
overrule your mind when it comes to
doing for other people we don't look for
anything in return and I can see that
you're not a selfish person when you do
it is from the goodness of your heart
the only thing I'm also sensing that
unfortunately when there are times when
you do need certain others to be there
for you so I'll finish your there's
other people you don't get a lot of
return so a lot of disappointment still
a lot of excuses and at times it helps
because you're not quite sure your
certainty whether because they can we
can
you're speaking to even say that but if
you were definitely freaking mature
I can tell I've every both of your love
energies it shows to me that the heart
chakra is very strong there's a very
strong level of connection between the
whole thing I can definitely feel so
many energy between there Wolfensohn
there is no doubt that the relationship
between the both is meant to develop
more and to become a lot more stronger
out of your beginnings for the both of
you and I'm picking up on twin spirit
and I have to clean up on twinning
seong-chil w bear now I feel will be
musically inclined
I see this child being always involved
with music and many different
instruments participation there year
picking up from the current see the
exact her body I felt or stare
so this is a - I feel holy spirit but
then again I'm seeing twin spirits - and
I've seen this male and female at the
same time but right now I could fill
voids everything oh my god that was
amazing I don't know how you feel he
picked up on things that like just from
our energies that were spawn I don't
want to say that I believe it but you
literally will save some stuff that
actually had relevance to our lives and
accept that there's stuff we'll have to
see if that really has happened it's
like it Wow he's musically inclined
I leave not a feel right now that was
insane that was amazing
how's it good I want to get back to our
normal activity our normal positive
vibes gonna switch it up to my least
graduation he's graduating high school
so I gotta put that in a blog I'm very
proud of you bro we don't swing enough
gotta stretch it enough you look like
you are 12 years old
this dude is graduating high school
today you don't dance for real and how
we treat people that we associate in a
NATO friend
it's nothing for saying in our cameraman
game our friend that's my little brother
that's my family so we're going to go
out in support base that was hot
today
my bad
all right mr. graduate how you feeling
fuck feeling good surreal
feels good to be out of high school yeah
so fabulous got some real basically your
breasts cuz I'm proud of you man
welcome to may I see what you got well
let's see what you got well it'd be with
the laces my nigga I'm proud of you bro
I'm proud of you congratulations made it
makeup car bro no they you know it Hamdi
got me mama proud that I gotta give them
both I give them grace you know the time
it is it goes family right here man all
the hope out they got a little coke oh
oh oh cool good honey
ha ha ha oh very congratulations bro
