hey God high school Browns gonna door
Isis man Pushkar you to miss your boy
pretty boy Fredo time big shout-out to
God we are back with another video I am
so excited are you ready to console join
your dad what'd I tell you about what I
mean and Jazmyn thought a real great
idea and we reacted to our old picture
yeah you guys don't know radio and I
have been together for four long very
long we've been together before YouTube
Wow's into all of it all of our great
moments and memories all of this video
are you ready to react to some old
pictures already it must be really
crying
it's be crazy Reds already fit one top
five guys let go so we're going to start
with our baby place and just work our
way up to the ladder to the point where
we just first started dating and then up
to now so are you ready to release the
piece fussing baby hey hey Z I will not
be surprised if our baby comes out with
some chinky as I if you don't already
know judgment is half-filipino
so that's why she look like
man look a jasmine though I don't you
you look like your dad in that picture
nice like a little doll you do for real
I was like at all get that strong as
well you're a bro why didn't you trim
that one opera judging at these pictures
I think you know so we can create a
pretty cute baby I mean I mean the baby
got potential become does it mean now
this is when things get kind of it
they're my school was an embarrassing
state and a lot of people's lives I
think we should do one at a time okay
you first
no no you first it is for a heron Rock
Paper Scissors shoot no what high school
browse go into a crisis man when I
started high school bro
I was I was simply a football player I
quit football I became a pretty boy and
that's what we got posing yourself fuck
me myself right here this might go
violent oh my god this is me modeling
for home pretty boy story pretty much I
think straight like there's a definition
pretty my way there's no type of
savageness in this fucking picture there
who are you who are you enough rope
inmate are you ready to get rose no are
you ready there we go what
oh my cheerleader oh I was a cheerleader
in 11th grade and I wore a crapload of
makeup I like straighten my bangs
fabletics curly I was like just being
kidded in part of my school don't wanted
to dye my hair pink and I were like
Gator shirt her band t-shirt man man she
hang around skateboarders yeah high
school you were in two different world
there anywhere it would have never it
wouldn't have met no it wouldn't have so
now that we have embarrassed each other
enough it is time to go into win finally
got together now we know of each other
in high school and we didn't start
talking or dating until after high
school are you ready to show our first
picture from when we first started
talking we would all eat well for real
this is our third date first date I took
her to Dave & Buster's yes our second
date we shot frozen yogurt that's how
that happened
don't think yogurt great we went to Kiki
the moment we started talking I knew
that this was gonna be the girl
oh you made me cry I think I knew I knew
I was gonna invest my all into her and I
never heard you say that she's crying
she's legitly crying right now it's real
life it's real life
the crazy thing that Catalina
I remember being just so jittery just so
happy after our first date like annum I
didn't went to work life like happy it
was just so easy like talking to you and
everything like I loved that different
chemistry and connection and I'm happy
now look if you made me cry
I eat you alone so this picture right
here I was like one of our favorite
staff David thinks will forever be our
favorite picture we were drunk in it
exactly in Gainesville we just living
why really we're like look at your face
I know why even remembered this picture
once I saw I was like what the hell as
we take that we were drunk e-tail
alright so now that we have shows you
God you know sin the comma always trying
to show you guys how we have been with
each other you know saying through the
good in the bad for years
nothing will never just be smooth
selling the whole way it will never be
and we've been with each other through
thick and thin so now good the bad ugly
everything only right to you know go
over these things because it's pretty
much what has built our foundation of
our relationship and just made us
stronger and believe that we can really
can truly be with each other no matter
what
you ready already hi here we go picture
look at that probably looking at this
picture like what's so bad about this
picture you know saying like your
buffets fault you look good like what's
wrong I'm going to tell you what why
this picture kind of brings me bad
memories when I was a junior in college
I was chasing my dreams man I wanted to
I wanted to be in the NFL a football has
always been my passion I wanted to be in
the NFL so I was in the gym every single
day all got bad when I injure myself
ended up tearing something inside my hip
and hurting my back
extremely bad to the point that I had to
have surgeries throughout that time
things just really just took a turn for
the worse everything just started going
downhill
started getting really fat you know I'm
saying because I couldn't I couldn't
work out the point that it was like I
I'm looking at myself in the mirror like
who is this guy I just absolutely suck
and I just want to thank my girl because
she helped me get through this time you
know throughout the changes from when I
was skinny - when I was big Dan - when I
was skinny again you know I'm saying she
stuck through me with that whole process
and literally like loved you like no
different yeah when any of that was
going on like we look back at pictures
when he was bigger and I was like I
didn't even see you like that like I
just saw you as Fredo and that's why I
just can't see myself or any other girl
because she has proven that she will be
here through thick and thin you know
being fat blob roping being bad
literally you know she would stand by my
side and I was going to tell you that I
love you I love you I can't I can't
thank you enough you know that all right
so Jazmin was going to go ahead and
display probably the worst time ever
ever in her life and I was here do it
all literally from start to finish do it
off so go ahead go we don't put the
picture up on the screen every day I'm
gonna cry already just looking at it
picture was maybe a week or two after my
knee surgery at any surgery because I
injured it and they ended up having to
realign my kneecap it was definitely the
most depressing time of my life couldn't
walk for over three months I couldn't
bathe by myself I couldn't go to walk to
the bathroom and go to the bathroom by
myself
I literally had to pick her up yeah
offer bags I had to put her inside the
bag I had to wash her yeah he washed my
hair everything and he would wake up
like every like two three hours if I had
to go to the bathroom while doing videos
I'll do my videos trying this dream and
I all I would do was cry because I was
in so much pain felt like I was never
going to be able to walk again
it was really
really appreciate burrito no problem hey
look this is real life man well you can
get with someone that will accept you
unconditionally and stand by your side
unconditionally unconditionally the shit
is amazing bro like she stuck with me
when I was at the worst time I was snack
I was depressed like I was broke I was
extremely broken she was by my side I
would heard nothing but the same fucking
loyalty when she went to her shit
not just that I ordered to a but I loved
her you don't said I loved her that no
matter what the fuck happens I'm gonna
be by her side I'm gonna stay by her
side I'll make sure that she's good I
don't know anyone else I would do that
for someone and it's like we can talk
about like what we went through and
stuff but like people were really not
not understand that day-to-day
hour-to-hour like the pain to struggle
yeah it was so bad like I really did not
think we would get out of that this
video first time she walked without
crutches after having her surgery I was
so proud of her like yeah I don't
understand like from sitting on a bed
crying every fucking day to for three
months for three months to finally look
hey hey oh I'm so proud of you who wears
the whole Prowler so proud of her
Anika's seeing her so down in the price
to finally being able to walk that was
amazing yeah that was like the best
moment now it's the best part of both of
us you know it was like we made it
through that struggle yeah does those
things that we've gone through in the
past like those are the two biggest
things that we want to little things too
but those are the biggest things you've
gone through in the back four years they
are really they really shaped our
relationship because I feel like
relationship should be based off of
hardship and making sure you guys can
get through those because in a nation
and it'll be all Terry marshals and
butterflies and fight your foes and if
you think that's how a relationship is
and you guys aren't going to be able to
get through what life throws at you Oh
makes it oh my god I feel on our way
through family dairy like it'll be a
little bit worried like a little bit a
little bit more we're so happy to have
shared these moments with you guys you
know just want to show you guys the real
like we don't bend to it all you know
from the very start to now so we love
you guys we are creeping up on the 700
okay subscribe for more great quality
content I will go get some tissues
broken damn family therapy is over we
love y'all we're gonna keep running it
up stat one time get it boy good show it
to the Tucson gang
