whisking you to Bishop boy pretty boy
now we're here with a very special town
they call us the two times family right
so we got two challenges in one day so
we gotta do it - today we're gonna be
doing the smash or pass challenge mix
window so how this is gonna work we have
a bunch of numbers just bunched up into
this bowl a bunch of random crazy sizes
bag pretty much you're gonna pick a
number out and whatever number you get
it's gonna be the topping that you're
gonna put on your piece of meat not only
that were you playing smash or pass Wow
making our pizzas so we call this to
know about ten experience alcohol for me
- so we're gonna start by putting the
base of our pizza together yes ma'am
oh my god so much your ass pink tomato
sauce is something I really hate so I'm
gonna do light sauce on my piece of how
do you like your piece I like pepperoni
pepperoni light sauce that cut up that
Papa John's you don't saying just
alright now that we got our sauce on our
piece so we're gonna go ahead and dump
this cheese and then let the games begin
I said we're gonna rock paper scissors
to see who goes first
are you ready
you know let's get let's get it right
here we go rah I don't see that TV City
shit
I'm gonna pick first randomize it in the
bollocks when I pick it's number seven
and go ahead
would you rather smash your past that
catched me outside to catch me outside
number one the girls like fucking 13 13
years old not only that for attitude
let's just say she was 22 or something
like that
fnatic 2 is disgusting I'm gonna there's
not much debate side with this fucking
see what toppings I have on my would you
rather smash or pad X X 10 tipsy on
that's it right or something
scary-looking number oh god I gotta just
sit back and watch her kisses 60 people
rule here we go here we go lucky number
13 13 I'm ray come on
did you rather smash or pass Jenny from
the book
yes 45 45
yes mortar fire so everybody is real
Bobby will just see 45 I'm 45
smack lucky number 13 my talkies are
good but uh fucking if she'd get all
good touches I'm sorry all good time
with us really very number 14 would you
rather smash or pads excuse me miss
Briggs I do rather smash our bags Chris
brief that's gonna hard I'll tell you
why younger when he was 16 you know I'm
just came out I was obsessed with
meaning okay okay
but then he beat up Rihanna I'm just
gonna shock you about to pass
if the cheeto buzz let me number 14 in
the tater puffs I mean I would take
cheeto puffs over talkies on my visa any
day I turn you mix it all up mix it all
up
lucky number 10 would you rather smash
or pass cardi B what's happen before she
got her teeth done waiting simple
folding the teeth would I smash your
pegs cardi B before she got his teeth I
have to go with no party I stay with my
man with the about the teeth shot on
rocky ritzy Oh
next item is number 10 for my topping on
would you rather smash or pants John
Cena
okay he's so like anal you think I'm
evil
so first things first our IP and I send
my prayers and condolences to everyone I
was affected by the Manchester
Manchester bombing moment of silence and
you know our IP respect all right with
that being said now smash our past
she loved I see like 12 she's not oh I
arianna to keep this so I got number 12
oh my I can just fill it in no it's um
both
spam this is like game over
oh my god this looks like a old person's
like fucking neck yeah
you can literally offer the smell dude
let's do a random extra topping I can't
do there something that she's disgusting
man let's go oh my god number six all
right
would you rather smash don't talk yes
number six let's see what she got piece
of fucking time please give something
can I please get a good talking number
sixteen rather smash or pass
summer Rae's number brain tumor a few
don't know who some rate is she's done
wit a blonde girl with like Oh Instagram
thigh what I'm actually have some rape
man dude
messed up my slack
Fredo does not eat chocolate at all
right for my piece of looks like shit it
looks like absolute shit I was like a
masterpiece Thunder good ozbaby today
number eight would you rather smash or
Kevin Hart is just like super funny -
god bless you
or pass a Bella Twins The Bella Twins
I finally got something good will it go
with all this shit that's the hell no
number three to rather smash or pegs I
wonder really fuckin watermelon Oh a few
moments native hi guys so the pieces are
done eight angles to slice people
deceived it off
gotta get down but I gotta get down and
smoke like absolute shit looks like shit
masterpiece
marshmallows chocolate chocolate syrup
we're done thank you guys so much for
watching we'd really appreciate some
double dose
