I'll pay for everything you fill up the
cart right now I'll pay for everything I
got it it's all on me for real whatever
you want
I'm being serious whatever you want two
weeks ago we were being kicked out of
our home a couple weeks later we're in a
comfortable beautiful home we just feel
extremely blessed so blessed that we
felt like today we wanted to bless other
people for us in our platform we don't
want to just show off what we have what
we're doing it you don't want to push
you guys we want to motivate guys
inspire you guys to do great things we
know what it feels like to come from
nothing and have absolutely nothing and
it's just an extremes letting to go from
where we were to where we are now so
today we're going to be great we're
going to bless our community with our
blessings and just enjoy the day are you
ready I am so excited electron it up man
yeah did it mine let's go we're gonna
make somebody's day very special they're
not gonna see this coming it's gonna be
awesome
ready I how are y'all doing we actually
I want to take care of your groceries
for you
I want to take care of your groceries
for you how much of it okay is that okay
that's fine don't worry about it I just
want to bless your day there you go
thank you you're welcome
y'all have a good one how are you doing
yeah I'm do you mind if I take your
reading mix for you sure yeah I just
want to bless your day oh thank you
you're all done I'm going to pay with a
card first have a good day god bless you
think here we'll come have a good one
take care just want to be kind today
have a good one you know we should do
baby we should like fill up someone's
car that would that will be done right I
think there's not many people inside of
this Walmart right now like I'm in debt
we can just find someone that really
looks like they need the help and just
fill the hole card off let's go come on
you're ready let's go
hi how are you good
I was wondering if you would like to
fill up your cart and then let me take
care of it for you I just want to be
nice oh yeah horrible what do you mean
where you going to perform well I was -
this is okay
you know like no I just want to bless
someone's day today oh here yeah you
don't know sighs I didn't know had
everybody fill out that cause they're
not all social please you sure I can pay
for whatever you're getting
okay you want to do that okay this
business is whatever you want
it was nice meeting you
don't overload it was nice meeting you
we have my number so gonna call me okay
haha a happy Mother's Day
right thank you excuse me are you done
shopping are you sure you sure you don't
want to fill up the cart no I'll pay for
everything you fill up the cart right
now I'll pay for everything
fill up the cart right now how you doing
stop man my name is Fredo we're good
what's your name
I love the car right now I got it it's
all on me real whatever you want
I'm being serious whatever you want from
act of kindness give back to the
community huh you don't have to pay
anything
nothing everything comes from me just
about to leave out yes no I never said
this thing is unbelievable unbelievable
oh that's all God working his slant
that's all God working explain I'll put
me here today that's it he told me to do
this that's what we're gonna do we're
gonna fill up the car fill it up get
what you like
where do you work right now you're not
working hell and you you have a husband
you have a husband no so it's just you
take care everything Wow
making that is so job man
yeah just kind of put it in God's hand
and let them take care of it
you're definitely a reason I'm here
right now and that's I knew none of this
before even approaching you and just
hearing everything is just amazing so
I'm happy to to help I'm definitely
happy to help this I'll promise you this
won't be the last this won't be the last
time you see me I will definitely you
know do what I can to make sure that you
guys are good no problem all right guys
so the last Walmart that we were in you
know kind of dead so we decided to go to
another Walmart if we can help more
people like I'm having a lot of fun it's
extremely dull you don't say it's always
a blessing to be able to share your
blessings with other people I've always
said that I've always stressed that
because I absolutely know what it feels
like have absolutely nothing and so
something that we'll never take for
granted will always strive to help
people that's just the type of people
that we are and it's the type of message
that we want to preach to our viewers so
let's go make it happen come on walking
up to Walmart we see this lady she's out
here down here with no shoes on her feet
just laying on the bench she looked kind
of homeless and it's crazy because we
outside a Walmart like why would they
even let that happen
she looks homeless I know so I'm gonna
go up to her see all right just
stay back just leave it
hello how you doing
are you homeless at all yes you need
help do you need any help anything
clothing or yes do you want to go get
some clothing yeah come on I'll help you
you can pick out whatever you want
whatever you need to help yourself in
your situation you can you can pick it
all up
anything you want let me get you a cart
I'll get you a car and make it easy
whatever you throw inside the cart and
can hat I don't care you can fill the
whole entire car up okay I'll be right
back in a couple here I'll help you you
like double stuff double stuff it up
here double it up two time
give this nice big bag so that you can
carry all your stuff good right it's a
good size - where are you living right
now yeah Oh God
how did you become homeless you just got
out of jail and they just became
homeless
how long were you in jail for well I
hope that all this stuff can help you in
your nuclear future and all that is can
you know start - today you don't have to
worry about too much what were you doing
out outside here at outside the Walmart
hoping for a better day guy has brought
you a better day today I'm glad that I
could help you with this today station
232 Percy
I hope things get better for you in your
situation you got first and things will
get better for you okay all right god
bless okay have a great day I
she feel that she's back there enjoying
her Mills look at that Joe I'm happy so
I was very happy this mission complete
yeah that is mission necklace that she
just outside Walmart no invention no one
helps there all day if you have an
opportunity to share your blessing
don't hesitate man we had a lot of fun
it was really dope man just to be able
to share your blessings man positive Bob
we're just going to continue to spread
positivity you I'm saying to show you
guys the right way does YouTube stuff
should be stay at one time last goodbye
let's go okay
