hey Monica
my field bad here Monica be shut off to
the - huh - we only have five videos out
in the amount of support it did
tremendous why me it is absolutely
amazing we want to thank you guys so
much
resyncing with us grinding with us
what's on there one male is all the way
we want to give a big shout out to the
two times gay
thank you guys now as you can see I'll
put it up right yes today we have a very
special challenge
Oh Thomas world sour it drinks challenge
but as you can see with all these types
of sour candies or did you I see who can
drink the most of the world sours drink
or can win
I simply say I'm ready you can handle it
I know I can
okay buddy handle that movie handle it
is we're going to tell you guys each and
every single ingredient this has been
handcrafted and had things from the chef
of this way this is candy that we
fucking picked up and we pick up some
really sour stuff so let's get into our
first day we got is the rolling power
bite if you're not that sour but they're
like my favorite I'm already there you
have to bag that already gone Oh
oh come on little more alright next on
our list we're going to get real when
it's done man we try to make up a shower
and drink that we got are these sour
small balls ball moms ball from the
makers of toxic waste our oh my fucking
god
don't just a little bit of Bank just a
little freaking Java messing up no come
in there yeah just a couple more window
if you got really great it is toxic
waste
slimy liquor whoa look you please we
squeeze it it's coming up a little bit
you should take kind of good yeah got
some of my powerfully favorite aiming
right here what is it you know what it
is you get on the ground
heavy baby is bro you're lying you
should start your line honey oh my god
ready these are our super salad double
drop those double drop bulgy sourness oh
it's really sour
Wow it's green apple powers i anymore
charlie
it's good I kind of like it how we
looking right now bro look how we're
looking damn next you look good
I feel like this sour drink will be so
good you're really gonna drink it easy
challenge right here dude sour patch
kids you know what you should do dump
all the sugar in there
Oh like ah yeah you know how yeah that's
what we need right there good all right
dump it all in here
here we go done and jumpin and dump it
in we lookin good
we got the extreme sour warheads though
now be our hour guarantee funk down so
baby guess what flavor these are water
valley rock man don't want it in our
hair just watermelon in it no eat it I
dare you daring I dare you
if you double-dog dare me I screw it
yeah dog fear double dot yeah but once
you get all that sour off there be good
but you the one on our drink look it
look at this
alright guys so next I have warheads
super sour spray
they don't Lynn there yeah yeah spread
all around the bolt all around a bowl oh
yeah sour goodness oh look at that
fucking marinating and when all this
goodness
Oh next we have Jolly Ranchers our bites
I've never had these oh we got good
power stuff no everything is so good our
stuff whoo yeah right guys so we saved
the best ingredient relax you know say
there's a lot of sour shit out in the
world but there's nothing like a plastic
way not only did we get one but we got
200 we then turn it I know I got a
feeling that heard enough don't go get
out o or toxic waste will be dropped in
our sour drink that's like deadly this
is dead is a definite bottle I'm holding
death right now on the bottle it says
how long can keep one in your mouth can
hold it for 15 seconds you're a total
wood 36 water you're a crybaby
45 seconds you're Toxie wanna be
flavorful 60 seconds full top C head
ready set go
are you gonna be a 1 C would you can
hold it you're at your Anna lookin 15
seconds flat oh that's at oh my god that
shit is bad it was like burning a hole
in my fucking tongue no I oh my god 3 go
this is some rain spit it out spit it
out spit it out don't do that to my face
don't do that to my baby
you have like 12 seconds that is so
fuckin Oh 17 what you did like 12 times
is so start our our so now that we got
all our ingredients in here we're all
showered up let's go ahead and top it
off with some lemon lime juice are you
ready I'm ready
I think that this is what's gonna put
this yeah it's strong this is what's
gonna kill us right here Oh
but in there I'm getting in there bro
Oh oh my god that shoulda stink
well here goes the lime juice ah oh oh
my god it's a baby stop that she smell
fuck oh god I look like the sugars or
whatever that sauna is already off oh my
god oh yeah we got everybody is amazing
oh my God look at the color
oh my god that looks disgusting
ah
oh my god open it up oh my god this shit
smells so ding are you ready
I'll let you taste first you and the
baby can have first fun first oh my gosh
I fuckin count abuse man is gonna call
fuckin jelly baby I love you dad he's
about to be bad and this is more
disgusting than I thought oh my god oh
my did not even be like allows do you
think you can do it I'm gonna do it
alright I'm gonna do it for me in the
baby song are you ready oh here we go
yeah you doing
my god that was so bad oh my god into
the bed oh my god dorsen me I'm gonna
have to take a shit
it's our shit yeah alright guys thank
you so much for watching this nasty
video we had a lot of fun the big shout
out to the two times gang for getting us
500 pay for DK life it will do another
challenge for you guys now I gotta go I
gotta go take care of this little baby
over here
what a wimp all right bye hey honey pick
honey oh yeah yeah we just hit it five
penny okay girlfriend a lot in the tech
yeah pull up in a window
hahaha
