Oh Lord's funny hang up al we are so
joyful as we're sorry we're so enjoyable
we are so excited because today what
happened is all time are you excited to
move place for them I think everybody
for all your well wishes we really
appreciate it
they got us through like and about it
this is this truly like you guys I don't
think you guys understand life how much
you guys support really helps us through
bad times yelling helps just youtubers
just in general just seeing the constant
support positivity it's just all thank
you guys so much from the bottom of my
heart
okay okay we get out of the plane left
in two weeks they gave us two weeks but
like geez
cuz I'm gonna let you think it's good
another down my review you know that we
out of here you know thank you Lord for
each and every single blessed it's time
to move on to bigger and better things
it's time to pack up you ready say
what's on my and let's run it up let's
go
all right guys shout out to the two
towns game I don't want to be too loud
you know I said we want to you know have
a movie to create we're going to show
you guys our new place and we're gonna
give you guys the two tips the two got
lines to opening up a new place this is
number one the first thing you do is say
a prayer but I just want to thank you
for all the blessings or you know very
extremely grateful extremely blessed and
humbled to be where we are all we
explain continues guys are you still
acting get done with your prayer this is
a must before you enter a new house you
must enter way cash okay because they
signified how the start of in a new
place will be exactly this signifies how
the start of a new place will be if you
walking wrote evenly you broke I need
someone here here you this is that new
beginning I don't want to be too now
fish can't hit my you ready let you walk
so this is our new place we just want to
thank God and thank all of you guys the
past two weeks
Kevin so rah has been absolutely rough
you know Sam but like we got through it
I just I just want to thank you guys got
we got through it now we got to give you
guys a house tour headed to give amatory
Yankees plug let's deal McCoy alright so
this is the living room
you do play no game or furniture right
we have to get a little extra space me
like a table yeah chair suppose it is
really a kitchen but it's kind of small
yeah I'm not gonna lie my great kitchen
is you know kind of small but it's not
way that drawer clicking what makes you
cooking right there good look at it you
like it yeah I like the way they're
saying like hold our but the kitchen
itself is probably like the only thing
we've covered a lot but I'm going to
have no chit you can have all the den
space you know there you like that looks
right exactly you got to the master
bedroom first we never have our bed me
let me yeah yeah yeah we don't keep it
real with Charlie but I make no bed for
y'all baby so I'm obsessed with our
master just because it's so big look at
this space y'all if if you would know
that the how big the last place was you
would know we didn't have like no
walking no ly walking room whatsoever it
not only that what we got over here baby
see we got big space but what's behind I
don't know we have a balcony so I don't
take out on the balcony so none of y'all
niggas get any ideas you feel me show
them some more stuff all right so this
is those ass
as you can see Jasmine left the toilet
up yes and let it down now I can see you
guys you know nice little walking and
shower nice little table advice pretty
dope I like it a lot of space which is
really cool are you were looking after
you
no no hey go back go back I'm trying
look at that view look at that boy but
look at that belly girl nice love you
man from the bed always pretty dull
thank you keep y'all he did that when he
first saw me I did did that when they
show us the place like i did a butt run
of the lady what is the closet so much
better so much more space than the last
place bro like there's only a
two-bedroom apartment we have a baby
coming out we would have liked the 3 of
3 bedroom but just look at the space bro
we don't you got so many pegs you know
we plan on being out of here you know in
like eight months anyway so this is like
a temporary spot but you know for being
temporary the space is amazing look at
the closet bro this side right here is
all for the baby so when the baby comes
you'll have this uh hit heal her yeah
right we don't know we don't know I
heard will have their own area to put
everything they mean you know say well
we plan on being here eight months the
baby will be born into this new place
you know I've said this will be the
baby's first place we got plenty of
space for like a crib or some shit yeah
but I'm gonna show what a magic you down
let's start again I know I'm going to do
Christmas hey hold on hey yeah so not
only do we have that master bedroom Ilan
this is where it all sweet yes 25 this
is my special bathroom right here this
is the second bathroom in the house this
is where the magic cake
if you can't find him for the mango so
out of the darkroom did you have the
second bedroom I want to give a
shout-out to my mind my mommy gave you
this and it says work hard stay home I'm
a huge fan of working hard and remaining
humble you don't stand through all your
blessings through everything through the
struggles to the blessings to everything
so my mama gave me this I'm just showing
up here we go your count is similar to
the last work room that I had this is
where our work is where it all goes down
some 10 I got the same debt I probably
probably won't change anything in here
at all
because all I need is a space where I
can work and this is my work spaces
where I edit videos this is where I'll
do my livestream this is where I play my
playstation it's could have easily been
a baby room but I need my work space and
the baby is not even going to be big
enough to be you know said to look like
you really have your own room this is my
work room where I can string where I can
edit videos it also has a back balcony
out here I'm not going to show you guys
it's kind of pointless but it's pretty
dull it's a pretty dough this is our
grill
how you like it I'm not we literally so
obsessed so blessed man
we just want to thank you guys because
if it wasn't for you guys just keep
pushing us motivating us and supporting
us so that we can be able to find such a
nice place in such a short period of
time like we literally had two weeks to
get up get out of our old place and
smooth though it took us two days to boo
but we got it all done and we're just
very thankful it's very blessed for it
all like seriously we can't thank you
guys enough for if you want to show you
guys something that we got the baby
before we will need you know a because
we've been shopping for the baby we
still don't know the gender we do not
know that we do not know that yet
repeat we do not know the gender and Oh
until about 16 or 17 weeks adjusted
annual how many weeks right now I'm 12
and a half probably less give it a month
or so and we'll finally know so we want
to show you guys something put them on a
table so of course we're going to be
boiling our little our little baby is a
big goal of mine to make their first
pair of Jordans because I'm a huge orded
fanatic make their first pair special
special you ready I'm ready
open it up here we go here we go what -
so these are baby 2 times his his or her
first pair of Jordans wow they're so
cute they are she after the adult ones
were ugly so afraid to take his test yet
our Pantone 700 so dull right can you
imagine a baby two times wearing the
shot analyst on your fridge your first
day now these are his mother's first
pair of shoes honey so my years ago so
they're not the nicest oh here we go
these are dads mr. clean don't we don't
even like him touch my - my my Philip
didn't seem sighs not really he's a
bigger butt Oh God look at the
difference I used to wear these I was
such a tomboy like my dad like adjust me
up like him
Oh God we just want to watch the Ganges
thank you guys so much for supporting us
you know like you guys helped us get
through extremely extremely tough times
in our life we understood
Oh God AJ even last Oh Oh God AJ though
we just want to say thank you guys you
know Sam we're extremely blessed we're
shrim ly humbled to be where we are in
life we will never ever take this for
granted this place is absolutely
beautiful we look forward to you know
living here the next few months and then
you know months aren't from here we
you plan on advancing our lives in
getting a home for now this is
definitely this is more than enough more
than enough you know plenty of space for
us the baby my baby AJ there's literally
everyone so so now that we are settled
in we can be a lot more consistent with
our videos we're going to have a
schedule so that we can really stay
consistent with everything thank you
guys the best content every week that we
can relate your circumstances or what
someone says to you you know bring you
back or hold you down you can fight and
you can make it through and we
definitely made it through because of
you guys I just want to say that we love
you guys so we are out any last word
with your last word which the last word
with your library get it ball game L
hope y'all enjoyed it match videos on a
white tee
