I'm nervous my hands really life-sized
help me to get through this nice and
safe and sound help me to come up here
and just ready to take off flex again
hey guys it is super and early late is a
day I finally get surgery we are running
late very nervous but excited at the
same time because I finally get to have
surgery on my head this has been a
problem for you know quite a while and
has you know stopped me from you know
being physical and doing the things that
I really want to do so I'm excited to
get the surgery done but I am extremely
nervous because I hate you know anything
that has to do with cutting or anything
like that you know had the same surgery
about two three years ago but on his
other side he did really well it was
quick surgery but it's still super scary
you know like no one during anesthesia
I hate surgery so she after my knee
surgery like it won't be that bad but it
still scares me we just got back from
County and the first thing I'm doing is
concerned great know that it is all in
God's hand and it'll all work out you
know for my favorite ice it is game time
are you ready I'm ready let's get it
really sleep I'm the one that feels like
they're about to throw up by
nice and see take a look once again
Jesus
it's gonna be okay
religious vloggers
that day yeah you did good I don't know
it's a lovely
okay related but the angles
it was quick it was like
I'll wear rain you'll be fine okay let
me sweat you're quieter than last time
last time you're all about pain the
nurse said that he should be a little
less loopy in about 10 minutes or so
I'll be ready to go home a bunch of
instructions he's gonna have to really
take it easy for the next three days
mostly
but really the next like six weeks he's
gonna have to just lay off of doing
anything too crazy but he'll be okay
this big ol baby is finally home and
guess what he wants chick-fil-a I need
you to do is relax near nurses mama 8lu
Ava in me I'm gonna take care of you
okay fell asleep some viewers may find
the following video disturbing viewer
discretion is advised
day after surgery viewer discretion is
advised I'm going to attempt to take
this bandage off of my surgical spot
right now oh my god my freakin hair on
my leg
they didn't she this is gonna be hell
dog how did you get throw-up no I can't
I can't watch this this is a better rip
it off
he's waxing alright a few moments later
I am halfway through guys oh my god
let's say I want to get personal right
y'all say y'all want to be all up in our
personal business right go straight it's
really hard for me to work right now the
stitches and only have three stitches
you know chance so I'm not like all cut
up and stuff and it's really hard for me
to walk you know the surgery I got was
for a torn labrum so I have a torn Lee
well I had a torn labrum inside my hip
and as you can see from these pictures
they go inside with like a little scope
in a light they smooth and everything
though I'm doing pretty good though you
know they went off surgery I can like
lift my leg a little bit but it's gonna
you know take some time to recover and
get back on my feet yall already know
I'm a soldier man and I'm about staying
strong and being strong and still
grinding yes we're still recording we're
still doing our thing do it all but it
felt good to get that surgery out of the
way so now I can get back to being
physical this has kind of hindered me
from being able to do physical
activities you know not not all physical
activities if you know it of me eternity
later guess where I
as I say we still on the grind just
realized that I still have some of this
fake blood left over and the clown print
that we did on my father not too long
ago I think it'll be fun to just pull a
little prank on Jasmine just to see how
alert and receptive she is you know to
my situation right now because I have
surgery you know some lastly you know
make sure that you're good because God
forbid serious things can happen like
stitches can come out or literally
anything can happen so if you really
gotta be on high or watch and watch
yourself and right now Jasmine she's
very alert but anyway it will be
hilarious if I pull this prank but I'm
gonna do I wanna put the fake blood all
over my legs guys I'm gonna tell Jasmine
that my stitches came out this should be
funny
Thanks we all got a laugh sometimes I
mean I think right now is a good time
for me to laugh you know having surgery
I need a little bit Aladdin y'all do too
ah that is perfect
all right guys I've been in the bathroom
for like 20 minutes no jokes I know
she's gonna give it like a little sugar
so what am i doing but this was her I'm
just gonna set the camera up and she
scorned hopefully she comes saves me a
few moments later
I couldn't breathe oh then there have
been able you done with these two I'm
get rid of these you full AJ I guess
it's just me and you an adult house was
secure child well I fell on my prank
miserably
I guess my stink got the best of me I'll
pray for me that I get better soon I'm
thankful for everyone we're gonna keep
grinding and we're so close to this two
mill I mean everybody to subscribe right
now getting us to two mill I love y'all
too ass game beating
get so Febreze I'm done
