Oh check this out there maybe 30 right
coming from here seen so far look at
your mascara oh shit I'm sorry lucky
draw sorry no ha Rockman hello look how
dope this room is oh my god I've been
outside look at the view
oh my god big salute a big shout-out to
rock star gang for flying me end up
Daisy literally surviving outside New
York then I flew us out to New York City
to do a special livestream with Kate
Biggie's Linda did it yeah
we're about to have so much
motherfucking fun it's about to be a lit
and New York vlog I really don't want to
talk much we just want to turn out you
ready all right let's say it one time
computer we gotta get it my day
you ready for this helicopter ride yep
are you scared a little bit a little bit
you still got a dozen shit a black
people I hope you die people of the
beauty but we want to have fun
we are here Central Park
did you go first right here guys Central
Park are you ready the Bradys like oh
are you telling it what the hell is that
what is it
go ahead dynamical ding ding ding hold
it I got it yeah yeah keep on doing it
yeah blame as go oh wow that was an
asshole news
just fake tip that guy that what an
asshole
I like go and punch the men dig in the
head we don't have anything welcome back
tree we'll come back we'll be back okay
we'll come right rest I know some guys
just like hey hit the guy what a so
bright we're gonna go get it is not even
funny though like really hard
crook I think I do sound here her abuse
got us some cash going to go reward that
guy because not only do we have a
special moment but that dude was rude
it's fucked never be that guy man for
real so we're going to go rewards its
guy
so now that we have experienced all that
we experienced you know a fan with the
GTA helicopter ride
since apart has so much fun now it's
time to have the most fun of it all are
you ready yes it is time to shop for
baby two times are you ready yes I am so
excited to be be God the Burberry say oh
no we bout to go crazy baby oh my we are
we have to go
and it's a mug shoulder shoes Oh like
how Joel thank you Wow very very sweet
version so ear girl
I am care yeah boy or girl you know
that's what we're gonna be this will
literally fit whether it's a boy or a
girl oh my god I want the baby now
doesn't it make you just want
we already got Ralph nice but to get you
buddy doing some burgers Oh God crazy
ain't even out the room yet well like I
don't even want nothing for myself like
literally I'm just really gonna shop and
draw for our kids that's a more fun than
shopping for myself and I pure said like
I can't deal baby I'm so excited right
now so we got baby two times come here
for her first pairs of clothing got
summer Olaf got cool very very very it
still Suki now do some daddy shopping
now I'm about to buy him or her his
first pair of Jays money good and it got
to be some fires shit you know
I love you I love you Matt so we finally
here you know what time it is uh hey
he'll fuckers
I don't know but they're cute check out
the suite my nigga oh yeah
okay okay and oh oh damn their fire
that's the most coffee that's a mosque
are hahaha oh my god yes oh my god
everywhere that's it
yes got a call two weeks before first
thing
we don't want to know the gender don't
know if you tell us every time we do an
ultrasound very helpful time 810 weeks
women as of right now do you think you
know the gender no too early to tell
Michael to LA to tell fuckin after about
12 weeks you can look at this little
area right here okay called the genital
tubercle okay if it thank you guys so
much for watching our very first vlog
for DK likes and we'll give you guys
another video by Friday or Saturday I
mean that 40k men we grinding to time
again we grind it for that windmill we
put in that work thank you guys so much
man I love you guys glad that we can
share these great moments with you guys
we need that one mill 1 mill you ready
yes a 100k one man we duty to Todd gay
there was haben you mean one of me last
time got you to practice makes perfect
you feel me no you gotta say alright you
gotta sit down there with some energy
got there with some air gave my cane
