two three okay yes we got to get an
interlock rockin like just a fresh salad
or a truck here we go haha what can you
what could you two is freedom in ten oh
yeah okay a toe touch guy and we are
here where our first very first Q&A on a
channel are you ready are you ready here
to have fun you know Ted I know a lot of
you guys have a lot of questions sorry
for the lack of uploads you know we just
got back from New York so we got some
fire blogs and fire content coming for
you guys if you guys want to stay
updated with us and know where we at
where we're going when we're going to
upload videos follow us on our social
media the links are in the description
you ready baby already say one time
let's go get it Mike let's go come on go
alright guys so we're going to start
with our very first question pass are
you ready I'm ready let's go
how and when did you in Fredo me oh
we've been dating for four years now
big big but we've actually known like of
each other in high school I was one year
ahead of her so when I was a senior she
was a junior and so on so forth
graduated you know tan went off to
college
luckily and later down the road we
eventually linked back up through she
put who the heart people you know I
couldn't let you go till I we face on
one of my pink now when I see my smiley
face I was like that's so badiy right
there
I'll forgot how on that so long story
short he replied with a smiley face
actually and then we started talking
from here and we're here so here guys
next question is what was your first
date I love them know how put the table
or you know go here thread their bank up
the arms he picked me up and he was
quiet so I just talked the whole time
and we went to Dave & Buster's that was
our first date so much play baby
Buster's I felt like was a great place
for us to doll to just have fun get to
know each other yeah it was like the
perfect it was really fun story short we
had a great night I needed up dropping
her off at her house and uh my happy get
off the car awkward start walking away
Wow sorry start I was a pussy and uh
like the whole first date we did not
kick we didn't kiss at all he commanded
with each other it was like that last
like moment right like I'm at the
free-throw line
I'm like nigga it's now or never
I'm walking away and you know how to
just feel someone like hey listen to go
bitch like you but you know kiss me like
man I got a turnaround so I went to my
car I was like fuck dick you got my man
up Amanda I'm trying to run in my toe to
come here like this happen like I say I
thought it'll air and then we have our
very first we had our first kid and um
that pretty much summed up our first
date you know we had a lot of fun
not a second date so the next question
is when are your birthday's and what are
your zodiac sign so my birthday is
August 11th
my birthday is August 20th so that is
right we are both Lee oh
shout out to the Leos J which brings us
to our next question how often you two
aren't able yes since we are both Leo's
yes we always think we're right yes and
we always want to be right and in
control
yes so we argue all the time yes real
relationships you're going to argue
money good you're gonna fight you're
going to do all of this stuff but the
thing about us is that we'll never
publicize it yeah anywhere we'll never
put it on YouTube we're never fucking
put it on social media a tweet about him
yeah it's between us your next question
am I really pregnant are you
I mean I'm not getting ugly for nothing
yeah jasmine is really pregnant
no no it's not a joke okay no prank this
is real fucking life we just want to
first and foremost tell you guys thank
you man because the overwhelming support
is just absolutely amazing
you know my parents there were fucking
happy as shit my whole family with that
whole whole family would happen everyone
is happy and excited you don't tend to
meet baby two times and we are as well
you don't and we're about to take on new
roles in our life she's going to take on
motherhood and I'm going to take on
fatherhood I'm gonna be an amazing I'm
going to be an amazing fucking father
yeah and and I can't wait like the day
that I get to see my challenge yes I
ain't really do that to him don't don't
call it child services on the holler
right you going to find out the baby's
gender or wait till he or she is born so
we've decided that we are going to find
out the baby's gender but we're going to
do it in a gender reveal so we won't
even know when we're at the doctor's
office I'm gonna have them like put it
in an envelope and I'm going to give it
to the person that's going to do the
gender reveal party for us and then
we're going to do some big surprise we
will film the whole thing for you
for that you guys can see everyday and
just have fun and experience this whole
journey with us where is the place you
always wanted to travel to I've always
wanted to go to the Philippines I am
part Filipino but my grandpa still
travels there and I just I want to feel
like the culture I like to travel to
Costa Rica yes because if you guys don't
know jasmine is have one black boy and
Filipinos okay and if I've black Costa
Rican and Colombian whoa I'm gonna mix
it all our baby is gonna be a mixed bruh
we bring it off baby
everything okay just every fucking weird
all right I go to the toilet that nigga
coming yeah she'll have to smell stinky
two times in the comments it is how is
it living wave Fredo
um well living with him is a little
insane he's loud he's messy he's loud
haha that was perfect and always good
living with jasmine it's beautiful
should I have my tempo five seven eight
nine ten kids swings own it girl brother
Oh y'all know the Hat bro y'all know the
really prettiest girl quit they deep
down inside crazy as fuck
there you go what are some baby means
that you guys are thinking of my lip
oh I was going to say it we do have a
couple names in mind for a girl and a
boy but we don't want to militant
chemisty oh but we do the gender reveal
will reveal the main until then our
lives are they shall see what are your
favorite music artists a favorite music
artist that's so hard because I like a
lot in different type of music I don't
listen to just one truth genres um right
now I'm I'm always accessible on say
always I Rihanna I can guess one to
right but until I love great you look
good lunch is over all the time music
does not get old to me can bail on e
violent start listening to both of them
at the same time in their music kind of
they're kind of similar they're just one
scrolling the guy I like code at you
know how I call that before you was
famous my favorite all-time artist is
Wayne he's a motherfucking gold if you
will agree put the gold in the comment
section I fuck with play work hard
elders a lot of play work hard okay a
little tea you know it's I like a lot of
different artists but definitely try to
use it at home on but you also like like
90s R&B and I like mine is Lowe's blood
yeah we both appreciate 90s R&B and and
nineties music just in general this is
an amazing question what were you doing
before YouTube and what would you be
doing if you were MIT doing YouTube okay
wow that's a great question we're gonna
start I will just school acting like I
gave will fall but I really didn't give
a fuck that did
Point Blank that's real that's real talk
and what would I be doing if I weren't
doing YouTube Lord know who whored knows
you know that like I'm very thankful I'm
grateful and I'm blessed to be where I
am today you know can be able to sit
here provide you guys content and be
able to feed my family off the I think
that's that's dope this book I don't
take it for granted so lord knows what
the hell I will be doing without YouTube
this is like need for this is my passion
casting leakage my pair going is cool
and going school to being a county or
something like worth nine to five and
you have to work for somebody else he's
not that type of person
so before you two going graduated I
graduated from ups with my bachelor's in
psychology
and I was working at a hotel as a friend
of agent nice he didn't care if you
weren't good used to what would you be
doing I would be going back to school
which I still want to go back to school
I'm just kind of figuring out like what
I really want to focus on because
getting your master's degree is it's a
lot of work and then you really have to
want to be in that field so I kind of
find my own passion just to figure out
like where I want to go and like I'm not
rushing it at all
yeah this was I saw a lot are you and
Fredo going to get married if so win so
a lot of people want to know if we're
going to get married anytime soon
and that is a no I don't wanna get
married just because of a baby yeah you
know I mean I love you but yeah even
even though we're about to have a kid
you know and it's unchristian like to
have a kid before marriage
we're not going to rush into something
that we don't feel ready for once again
our plans on marriage about 28 I was 33
right now she's 22 one thing about 20
games so this is a big question since
are you going to be still uploading
frequently on both channels now that you
have a baby on the way
oh no are you going to do baby bump
pictures every month code on are you
going to do baby
updates I just want to write them all
into it that's a lot of questions in one
so first and foremost requirement um
yeah we're is an effort we own a 1 mil
brand on this channel yes and I'm on a 4
mil grind on the others and we don't get
started like that are you going to be
doing baby of things yes
so I just got a chalkboard and you put
like how many weeks you are and the size
of the baby
sorts out a little cute things so about
every week or two I'll take a picture
and go either put in a video or
definitely on Instagram so you guys can
kind of keep track with me and have a
baby's growing now you don't do a lot of
them all the time throughout your
pregnancy but our ultrasound you guys
will be able to see and like our
gender-reveal baby showers and one fun
stuff maybe shopping for the baby let
everything that has to do what they do
two times you guys get to see and make
sure you follow us on our social medias
men asked a perfect way they stay
updated a lot of people feel like we're
afraid of wet we're yet where she at
right follow me on instagram follow me
on twitter to know exactly where the
hell on that and where we at when we
going to upload so that is it guys you
know that we cooked up a nice little Q&A
I hope we answer all of you guys
question 50k life and women wonder mom
111 huh wait hey dad one mail so hate
that is problem real cute running these
sheets off whoa let me let me show you
how to do it let's get it mine guy
