hello what's up how you doing okay
nothing um I had something to tell you
but it's something about jasmine what
she's pregnant I scare you too bitch oh
boy oh boy
ha ha ha aka
free up to top we got a switch on the
inside oh man
why it's a whole India channel this a
whole new vibe like this crazy this is
crazy
you girls get into time and today we're
excited to let you guys know that we are
I'm a little over two months along
alright so we have known for two weeks a
fan so yo shit have been crazy all right
I haven't know how to mentally deal with
this so maybe y'all have seen a change
in me and that's probably why because
we've been dealing with it I know that
God would never place any task or any
you know anything in our lives that we
couldn't hence we know that God has
perfect times and this is the time that
God feels like we should have a baby
then it is the time if I praise you I
how she even told me that she was fuckin
praying to God I'm just going yeah
from the 24-hour street so he was
sleeping son laying in bed me what
happened that is intriguing me you just
thought she just start like crying
yeah like he woke up from her crime she
started crying and I'm like like why are
you crying you know yeah girl heart if
you start five build everything but I'm
sure this crowd with this different like
I just knew it was going on long story
short she told me at News and she
thought he really thought I'll be mad
yeah but I wish it like me already keep
the work force it is it's a no one's
plan to have a kid as such you know down
23 she's 22
it's not in our plans to have a kitchen
we want to have a kid live at 28
somewhere around there to know Malaya so
much more establishing our careers and
stuff like that but what she told me to
do is I was happy like I can't cry I
brought a lot of happiness because they
know when I tell you out of anything I
got a dick you like my juices don't work
how am I asking you saying you know if I
had a chick over there
oh I'm hoping and praying I would really
like a war for you and my boy done by
having a son with his big fucking dope
that nigga will be fucking spoiled that
will be the hope there is a wagon in a
weather not exploiting well these dogs
they are our peg I would spoil just
imagine the mess
a kid from it will be crazy man but I'm
playing it up before boy I don't gonna
be a girl you know it's like how are all
of our families are we always have a
girl first hey Karen can you touch a
girl first I have an older sister which
was a sister first and I know this and
if my aunt is the oldest install so we
would private have a girl and we have a
girl let me try let me catch ivy so
we're just extremely excited you know
Cantus to bring this news to you guys
there will be a lot of amazing content
on his channel you know her whole her
whole thing even notice but I'm doing it
I don't even know what to say no a lot
of personal blogs these challenges we're
just going to have fun and now it's that
finally allowing Jasmine to have her
social media oh are you excited are you
excited I finally just you guys can
tweet jasmine you know congratulations
and stuff like that just prayers and
through this all we just want prayers
you know for a nice safe legacy and just
get through this and just have fun right
we have it all right definitely think we
not about nothing
don't worry all right we're weird okay
Joan alertness now they've got you
talking like this
yes yeah so you don't end it true that
her you'll see your your Instagram in
your Twitter done Jade the number 2 X
yeah so Jasmine j-2x I'm going to put it
on the screen I'm going to put link in
the description y'all hate that right
look home is tough
this is Fretilin tag this channel we're
going to take it all the way to the top
everything a million subs hs8 that ain't
bad one last thing before we go you guys
have any suggestions baby name anything
any cool stuff just put it in a
conversation share your thought hate
that like button and just expect some
great mother fucking damn eye candy
cursor on father now yeah how good
example you guys do creating school get
great grades you don't do jokes cop I
was back with John bad mojo a memory she
can mi there to time zone away great
uni what I have to tell you something I
I don't know I think you're gonna freak
out I swear to God I know you're going
to be awful
