Oh
this is absolutely beautiful
nothing better this making better life
vibe here is awesome I really really
like this isn't gorgeous what's good
YouTube you should wear pretty boy Fredo
the baby is sleeping shoutout to the two
times game as you can see right now we
are packing getting ready for our very
first emily trip are you ready
do you know where we're going
seriously it's gonna be a very exciting
trip because we are gonna be there for a
whole entire this is my baby girls very
first trip and I am so excited but I'm
also really nervous because this is a
five hour flight I don't know how she's
gonna be on this plane I'm kind of
scared faith in my baby girl I'm gonna
tell you that right now I got if she's
gonna be a good girl who's freaking
suitcase in two days this is Abel what
three-month-old baby needs a suitcase
this big my daughter does
everything's evil it's over
mama the year it's official mom of the
freaking years is insane look at you you
can't look at you the truth you think
it's gonna be amazing
investable positive vibes let's you know
let's say a little team prayer you know
understand before we head out
thank you Lord for everything that we
have in our lives I ask you to watch
over us as we take this long journey all
the way across the country in Jesus name
we pray
I'm ready are you ready I look good
say it one time
oh my god guys I am absolutely lost for
words this is absolutely amazing
look across look at the view is
absolutely amazing how do you feel this
is gorgeous how are you liking it are
you liking this isn't we came on a
beautiful day actually seeing it in
person gives you a whole different
perspective you see like seeing it in
real life is like amazing
alright so far this is what I enjoy
about California that you actually get
things like this like you know sceneries
and stuff like that you don't get this
something
there's no never there's not one Hill
important you can never get this in
Florida man wow it is so cool how like
the homes are legitly
in the hills could you could you imagine
having a home in the hills no he said
what if you forget bread you have to go
all the way back down make it look like
this is insane I want to give a big
shout out to Lee is he's driving us
around and giving us a pretty dope an
exclusive tour of La which is awesome so
thank you so much really and joined the
LA vibes is so different it's it's
almost like a couple of different cities
combined into it's awesome it is but
then I feel
no joke time like it's like Miami but
cleaner like New York but less crowded
it like wider quieter so yesterday we
had our five hour plane ride from
Florida all the way to Cali and Ava I
just want to tell you you did an amazing
job you did an amazing job
yeah hit it again said it again the
house of mr. Trump no we were killed no
no trouble no no no no he's house
nothing not even his house no we're okay
so our next stop we are gonna be going
shopping
oh yeah you know at a time it is we are
on road day oh there's so many designer
stores so many options so many
everything ready you looking good don't
have I never loved you if you know what
you should have rode in your suitcase oh
my god the little blue dollar really no
we finish out till we drop it a baby
girl a boy stuff yeah
I couldn't imagine us having a boy one
day but not today one day we'll have a
boy right
La actually has some really don't dope
vibes and truly I could see us here
though I know this is beautiful look at
this man like them noteworthy right
there look at that and you fill and see
yourself here she don't want to say yes
but I love it we haven't even tour as
much as we would like we've only been in
Beverly Hills I'm ready to see it all
just had in-n-out burger for the very
first time yesterday I am here to say
that in-and-out burger is disgusting I
am never ever eating in-and-out burger
ever again Emil's over height full of
all times
it's terrible shake shake is better
all my Shake Shack fans chick-fil-a fans
we way
I'm gonna get fat here Strawberry
Shortcake trio mousse this is a like a
puff pastry with a is the perfect way to
upsell forgot the whole dome tray
so yeah
my god just look at this
there's good today it's gonna be an
awesome day is we're gonna be looking at
super excited house looks really dope
online so I hope it looks really dope in
person so we are going up into the hills
guys to go look at a hall wow it's
getting beautiful right now that looks
scary it's crazy like look at the house
all the way up there at the top of the
hill this is so scary driving look at
the GPS Terry you don't know how people
live up here in these hills
cuz the roads are so narrow and it looks
like you're just gonna come crumbling
down the hill I don't know how they even
build up here Wow beautiful look out
there holy look at this hill guys
oh my god oh my god what a hill what I
have you go home here you go home on an
adventure
Jesus Christ two three
oh my god guys just look at this view
it's
is sick this is amazing right now we are
in the hills looking at this home that
is for rain and we stumbled across this
place and it looks absolutely amazing
this this view is just breathtaking it
is it is absolutely breathtaking is
gorgeous I could truly see us being here
is amazing it is kitchen Wow it is nice
open floor plan with the living room and
you can kind of just see right outside
it's a guy who's showing us the home
right now but just look at this you can
see the mountains oh this is beautiful
so they have multiple bedrooms you know
going throughout the home we'll just go
ahead and show you guys the main events
home it's nice little not little but
nine secondary bedrooms just look at
this what a nice view outside just
imagine waking up and seeing this every
single day this is nice I really like
this and this is the master bedroom guys
with beautiful view just look at this oh
my god you see the Hollywood sign is
crazy so dope this is amazing
could you see yourself here in this home
just be honest this the floorplan is
really nice three bedroom open space
beautiful views of the city just look at
that I really try to sell me I mean I
selling you but could you see yourself
here come on stop pulling it's really
pretty it's beautiful all right yes and
it's quieter - it's nice and quiet but
you still get to look at the scene and
enjoy a nice home yeah it is very pretty
you gotta be I don't say anything if you
love it
guys give us your opinion of this
beautiful home this this is awesome
a baby show me my babies we're leaving
you alright guys so this is the first
time on our Los Angeles trip that we're
gonna be separated you're sad I have
something very special that I'm about to
go do that's about to be really dumb she
does as well yeah I do do yellow rose
daddy daddy kiss surprise for daddy
later take good done it kisses good you
ready all right let's go see who she's
meeting young let's see she's nervous
right now dude look at her how even
nervous to meet another youtuber the
only female youtuber that she can see
herself hanging around with if we move
to Los Angeles this will probably be her
best friend so I think she's nervous
because it's gonna be her bitch
so that's what it was there's actually
something she's like super nervous like
alright man so you guys have an amazing
wait look I give my baby a kiss goodbye
so I'm leaving it up to Ashley to get
the footage between their girls date I
got something really dope planned y'all
get ready for it let's go alright now we
are at Hutto welcome to his house hold
on oh my god the red panes is outside
like I don't
Oh Blu ray no bro what the hell's
rolling down oh my god I'm about to die
when I walk in
we're so much fun okay we're gonna paint
some sculptures today I got ferry and
missile a plot
look at this man got his own proper got
your own private court of course so ha
ha can I hear that I got to I got to
take my first W
maybe you'd said that novice today until
you get no social media no screen or
nothing for 12 months ain't gonna be no
pretty eh he gonna be like eh what's my
career every time I come here I get the
same thing we got the lemon herb chicken
what did you get I think Barbra Jean
Drake taking up all out all along with
you God be back strap will smith fall he
got it didn't maybe got his own
satellite over his house oh the
footlocker locker
yeah this whole building is just for his
shoes check it out favorite cakes in
this collection
I like these a lot right here he's a
fire all right well I'm kidding I'm
kidding
I love her so much yeah I'm Sam over
here giving Fredo parenting tips yeah
I'm saying she had a girl boy girl I
will show y'all with like what I got for
my daughter
like what I'm gonna have for like little
young dudes later when they would we
needs that though we need the raw and
uncut guns we need the wrong uncut but
you know what you do to somebody who's
disrespecting your daughter after your
daughter is grown killed a daddy first
cuz that's who they don't go get you
don't say then kill you you hear it
hey we are so that's that nested that's
the advice you giving me kill the father
first yeah my god
being killers disrespect our daughters
daddy gang
daddy guess what we do and we got that's
the best first that's the best over and
didn't take his shoes off oh no no I'm
about to friend y'all okay
start like that Hills a mess
monkey so we are back Ola was super
super super beautiful beautiful and
don't like literally dope is hell
we had so much fun wasn't it like
looking back at all the footage we did
so much we did in a week and you know
what's crazy about it I didn't put all
the footage of inside the video you know
I wanted to give you guys the highlights
but this trip was well worth it it was
amazing right yes I feel like revival we
feel just very revived because we took a
break from YouTube you know to just kind
of focus on us focus on our family and
that did us a lot of good you know know
we were filming we didn't film every
single day in California but it didn't
film I didn't feel like it is going work
you know like when we were logging there
it was so natural with so fun like we
thoroughly enjoyed our time and I'm
happy that we could share these
experiences with you guys a lot of
people be wondering like when we leave
and go places like oh where the hell
they go they have an upload for a week
well you guys should follow us on
Instagram right seriously follow us on
Instagram or Twitter you can see
pictures from our whole entire trip you
can be updated literally like every
single yes you can follow us me on
Instagram every boy Fredo Jazmin j-2x
and what's your Instagram guru even on
Twitter we tweet like what we're doing
y'all gotta follow us please follow us
on social media so y'all can stop being
out of the loop you would know that we
left California for a leaf that we're
doing this that we're doing that how
that we finally went to Cali how would
you rate California here on at in a
general scary six and and that is BS
dude no it's nothing
she is lying i dirt I mean out of a
scale of one to ten I'm gonna give it a
good nine I'm gonna give it a good night
what yes I loved it I had so much fun it
was so beautiful out there I really
could see our family there know some
decisions yeah kind of swayed a little
bit I ain't gonna lie I liked a little
bit too much the way it goes you know
we're family
I love my baby so much that trip was
well needed and we feel just revived
right oh that was good man it was really
good for us you guys so much for
supporting us and standing behind us if
you enjoyed this twenty minute plus vlog
I need you to hit that like button right
now cuz I'm put a lot of time and effort
into but for you guys I thoroughly hope
you guys enjoyed it so hit that like
button if you can see the 2 X family Inc
we love you guys by the way guys I just
had surgery on my head um yeah shouldn't
even be jumping around right now but if
you want to see that vlog as well hit
the like button I love you guys to X
game and says his own at one time baby
let's give it
