temporary bad decision look at a little
fat legs
girl I wish I had that many people that
love me girl they'd give two loving
parents how do you feel yeah this is for
cutest outfit this is Rachel's hey
Rachel is you okay
you're you're you're typing away look at
this y'all this is literally the only
time she put look at this
the only time she put this baby down
look at her like girl what you doing
telling you but this game is seriously
my new addiction like every chance I get
I'm playing those games game is called
cooking fever right now I'm gonna give a
big shout-out to cooking fever for
sponsoring this video so basically I'm
working at a restaurant level 20 mm
level swimmy pretty much preparing the
food and like getting their orders
together
they have specific things that they want
like this guy wanted tomatoes on his
burger
I know distracting me this guy wants
ketchup so a couple tips that I can give
you guys is to always have your meat
cooking in your buns like on the plate
that'll save you a lot of time and the
faster you work the more money you get
Kane is like some real-deal stuff like
you really and then the more money you
get the more upgrades you can get for
your kitchen it makes it easier to to
feed everybody Wow I also want to make
sure you get your food out on time so
you can keep your customers happy you
just lost
yeah I finished all of my level 3 stars
I'm going to put the link in the
description so you guys can download the
game you can download it on iOS and
Android and also I want you guys to
comment your highest level on the
conversation I'm actually gonna download
the game right now
I'm about to beat you live no you're not
I'll promise earlier no no time better
than you a game no no way better
multitasker you see all right guys I
have so much packing to do for this
coming la trip it's really hard to pack
with a baby because there's so much
stuff she needs and we're gonna be there
for a whole entire week so I have to
like really plan and figure out
everything that she's gonna need for the
week I'm is stressful and there's a lot
going on I know we'll get through it and
I'm super excited it's our first trip
with Ava so to LA and we've never even
been to LA I asked her first I asked her
first no what are some fun things that
we should do in LA remember we have a
little baby so she can't really do
anything crazy AJ yeah all right guys
the girls are gone time to get to work
thank you all right guys so today I have
a very special print that I'm gonna be
pulling on jasmine this have been
extremely tense around here we just need
to loosen up again everybody just have a
little fun this is not a harmful pray
you should just be really fun and just
get a good laugh yeah I got I have some
time of your life now look at myself
I've always wanted face tattoo always
but I've never really had the cocoon of
actually do so because these tattoos you
know come with some responsibility and I
don't think I'm really about that life
right now but today I'm gonna get an
insert firsthand of with that light is
like these are fake tattoos not just any
kind of fake tattoo but these fake
tattoo chili lies 8 to 18 days guys so
you can they scrub and just wash these
off no man stings all like real till
they come with like a kit and everything
now the brain isn't gonna be me getting
face tattoos I actually have a really
special surprise for jasmine let's get
it until it y'all let's gonna show you
guys the different tattoos that I got
gotta get the classic teardrop also got
Ava's name with the heart last but very
not leap oh yes find out listen in the
Gucci team is now an ice cream cone his
face oh this is my first time ever doing
this I don't know what I'm doing really
hoping that they were a lot of work
ahead and these get to a guys performing
let's go a few moments later
God why is it not pumping alright guys
as you can see I do got a little bit of
ink on me but freaking read the
directions they did everything right as
you can see it's like on my face but the
problem is takes 12 to 36 hours to pop
now these tattoos were a little bit more
extensive than I thought I didn't know
that you had to do all of this like
extra work there's gonna be no possible
way I can get these on jasmine without
our noticing I have to go to plan B with
this one
so instead we're gonna have to resort to
some physical force Jasmine when you get
home freedom let's get
put the baby down and get to the room
just gonna say funeral ring you don't
want to accept it ain't my bill my Gucci
build that is a little bit if you lose
this challenge comes with a gruesome
myself in her purse well it's gonna be
wrong paper scissors okay Chuck you're
wrong
gonna be I declared war good better out
if you make it there to the pitcher
so Kusum let's go Rock Paper Scissors
shoot whoa three come on pop Paper
Scissors shoot I gotta step it up yeah
alright you lose this dumb war you have
a four here's like - I know about the
Slytherin tonight
what was your tag team partner my
tagging party was on the ropes I let you
down you cheating it's time for your
punishment are you ready you're not
ready all right stay right there I got
something for you no there's no animal a
bad decision
oh my god oh my God look at this y'all
this stuff really does not come off
y'all know Joe I've been scratching at
my damn face as you can see it look like
I gave myself a black eye scream came in
nice don't okay been about 24 hours in
the tattoos have come in I hate you not
even funny seriously ruin my face how
did I ruin your face
let me see oh it looks so spirited oh my
god it left the ring around a crazy as
hell you know we have California in a
few days and I'm gonna look like this
you have eight to 18 days what kind so
what is the point of this cuz you just
ruin my face and it's not coming off
I've tried I'm somewhere to take you
ain't going down this house like have to
you laws
what body did you catch yours
this is for the future would you even
make me walk outside like this me you
look really cute you have a gun on your
face of your mom it's true one looks
like balls I think my ice cream colored
stuff so I have somewhere to take you up
we are we're on a family walk right now
be thrill where are we going this is
girl all right I want you to meet this
girl he's so freaking hot wait time they
say that she's a bitch what are you
talking I'm not doing that bad is good
all right guys remember when she cut my
hair made me get a new drivers license
he's getting a new license with an ak-47
in a teardrop on her face ace you're
funny funny
how's it that way your hair was just a
haircut that grows back this is stuck on
my face really be crazy going in there
like this hey that's not my problem is
he tell her Ava they're gonna think
we're bad parents
then we're bad parents down go hey
this is seriously somebody singing
everyone is teenagers
baby hey let me see it let me see let me
see
so I couldn't even smile baby girl yes
Oh team Fredo in the conversation got a
bet that's Karma
