behind every great man there's an even
greater woman
Esmond has been so Jasmine is just
amazing you know and she deserves a lot
more credit than she gave she was here
when she was here before it all before
the Jag before the money before Ava me
let me get right I'm just you know I
love you I love you Jasmine that's what
it is
I love me and it just makes me happy you
don't say no to say that but first and
foremost guys want to give a huge
apology to Jasmine she is a queen and
she deserves to be treated as such I'm
sorry for anything I have done were said
to hurt you I'm sorry about not being
the best father into a Leah that I
possibly could be not promised to become
a better man these past couple of days I
have really learned a lot about myself
out jasmine and about our relationship
most importantly I learned about the
value of those things God family success
it's truly the formula of how I should
be living my life but lately I've been
putting my success before everything
even in front of God person that granted
me the life that I live today although
my intentions are pure I've been so
caught up and strong over being more
successful having more this more than
I've truly forgotten about everything
that has gotten me here so far first and
foremost God tell him I am nothing I
wouldn't live the life that I live I
wouldn't have the opportunities that I
have today number two my family behind
every great man there's an even greater
woman Jasmine has been so
Jasmin's just amazing you know and she
deserves a lot more credit than she gave
she was here when she was here before it
off before the Jag before the money
before Ava me let me get right I'm just
you know I love you I love you Jasmine
that's what it is I love you and it just
makes me happy
you know I'm saying her to say that but
Oh story short she deserves much more
credit than she gave if it wasn't for
her intially physically and every aspect
of my life I wouldn't have it all
together and she doesn't deserve to be
disrespected or portrayed in any type of
bad way the way that I did in the last
video I had a lot of time to think about
myself and to think about then has been
done so far completely wrong like I said
I've been putting my success way before
everything else and losing more control
over the more important things in my
life and have all the money in the world
all this success fast cars houses this
and that but if I don't have a guy I
don't have my family I don't got nothing
and being away from my family and taking
some time to really evaluate my life
valuate my decisions that I'm making I
understand that I need to become a
better man I need to become a better
boyfriend need to become a much better
father than ever and I'm gonna do that
I'm gonna become a better version of
myself I just want to tell Jasmine I
know you watching this video I love you
I love you with all my heart I want to
continue this journey that we have going
there's no other woman on this planet
maybe like outer space maybe like on
Mars but on this planet that can you
know take your place or have the impact
you have on my life I love you with all
my heart my promise to you is to become
a better man to my daughter Ava daddy
loves you and I promise to just be a
financial daddy be here financially for
you but here in every aspect of your
life should I put you in your mama first
because y'all deserved that much from me
mmm I love you oh gosh it's been a
couple days haven't been around judgment
in talking a little bit you know I'm
saying but we haven't had that
conversation we need to have that
conversation and I'm gonna be honest
with you guys
most of our problems stem from me
wanting to move he wanting to move from
Orlando to another place
now after acknowledging everything about
my life yes I still want to move
moving is not about more success more
money it's about having a different
experience in life 24 years old feel
young you have the opportunity to travel
the world and just do so much dope and
crazy and different stuff and I want to
do that and I want to share those
experiences with my family and right now
and Jasmine we have different views on
that it was just not being born and her
mother pregnant things kind of hard you
know because we move all the way to
across the country immediate family will
miss out on a lot of the things that
will happen in our life I understand now
I completely understand that though it
sucks you don't want to leave your
family it's scary but at the same time I
feel like she can compromise she can
compromise for me I'm not saying we have
to move to Cali but maybe we can move to
New York has her aren't there he's
closer to our hometown if the car
there's a lot more positives in New York
at the same time our family gets a new
experience a new bigger brighter city
I'm open to that I'm open to
compromising and we have to make that
work so these are decisions that you
know me and Jasmine we have to well if
she still loves me if she still wants to
be with me but if she does these are the
decisions that we have to you know we
have to make and you don't have much
time to make it at least just coming up
in this place very soon so some who's
got to be made now Jasmine has been very
on the fence about everything that's
going on and it's totally understandable
she doesn't know if she wants to stay in
this relationship just for ablest sake
for her own you know throughout this
process she's sacrificed a lot as well
know after you have a baby you kind of
lose yourself and I totally understand
that she doesn't really doesn't really
know who Jasmine is right now and I
encourage her every single day to do
what she wants to chase her dreams not
to be what means just because of Ava but
be with me because you love me I know
that I want to be with Jasmine because I
love her I love her more than just her
being my baby mom it's Tim's way deeper
than that I have a connection with her
dad I could never achieve with anyone
else in this world so I'm really hoping
that you know Jasmine gives me a second
opportunity he's so very sorry for
everything like I felled you as a
boyfriend I felt Ava as a father and I
truly want my family back
deserves much better than what I've been
giving her and how I've been treating
her and if I get that second opportunity
promise you I won't mess up I promise
you that I won't take
you or Averell or my life for granite
and most importantly never lose focus on
the important thing god family then
success staying before I go I just want
to say something to the subscribers guys
are absolutely amazing seriously I don't
think you guys understand how much
you've helped me in this time I got so
many emails so many DM so many comments
so many viewpoints from so many
different angles that helped me and
although most of you guys probably felt
like I shouldn't have posted that last
video I don't regret it because now me
and Jasmine will be able to that have
just sweepin our problems underneath the
rug can face them head-on and I want to
let you guys know what you guys see on
here this shit is real she's real
fucking life is real stuff that's going
on no nine times out of 10 when we get
on camera we make sure we make sure that
we're right we make sure that we're good
you can't get on camera you know I'm
saying you have problems you can't keep
sweeping stuff on the rug letting things
build up to a point we're gonna explode
I want to thank every single subscriber
that reached out to me and message me
email me thank you because you helped me
seriously helped me in a time that I
really need an answer
I love jasmine more than anything in
this world and I don't want to lose her
I want her back so I need you guys to do
me a huge favor I've seen a lot of
people you know I'm saying talking down
and disrespecting jasmine I don't like
that you guys are not real subscribers
that are doing that as no one should
decide what either of us if it's me or
jasmine like I was completely wrong you
know I'm saying if she's wrong in her
way but you should never choose side and
she never you know go about saying
disrespectful thing I've seen a lot of
disrespectful ding my page about jasmine
and I didn't appreciate that because
painted a picture for you guys I was
wrong and on her part she didn't get the
chance to no say her side about it and
we're not going to be doing this reality
TV bullshit we're not doing that so I'm
not gonna have her go back and say we're
just gonna fix it we're gonna fix it
off-camera but I really need you guys go
on jasmine page and just say something
positive act Jasmine j-2x just say
something positive and tell her that
Fredo wants her back I want her back I
want Avery back I love you you know I'm
saying I will beg I will plead I want
you back baby you begging for a second
opportunity I won't take any of this for
granted I love you guys I'm hoping by
the next time we come on this camera you
know I'm saying things will be better
but it's all in God's hands now
happy that I can share our problems with
your time because at the end of the day
you guys might come across this problem
as well
you might come to the point exactly
where I am or maybe you're in that
situation now you don't know how to
handle it maybe based off these videos
it can help you make that decision I'm
out of here I love you guys hopefully I
can see jasmine and Ava in the next
couple of days but once again I gotta
keep this in my head God family den
success I'm out peace
