I'm tired of people thinking that we're
perfect and that our family is perfect
and that you know every day is let's get
it mine it's not me it's not you know
like real shit happen real life happens
like each other know that there's a huge
chance that me and Jasmine we might not
be together and it sucks for me to say
that and it hurts for me to say that but
I just know the path that we're going
now every day I look at her she looks
like she's not happy feel like you know
most things should be hell off of
YouTube you know especially when it
comes to your personal life absolutely
hate putting my personal life on here I
just feel like you know I'm just tired
of friend you know I'm saying like I'm
tired of acting like shit is perfect and
shit is pretty win it ain't it's getting
sick and tired of you know not being
appreciated for my value you're doing
YouTube it's a full-time job you know me
it's working every single day there is
filming or editing spending most hours
of my day working that's just bottom
line what it is and it sucks yeah it's
uh looks like I don't get to spend the
amount of time I want to with my
daughter it hurts me like it absolutely
hurts but I know that if I don't work my
ass off what's gonna feed the house
who's gonna make all the big moves that
we want to make who's gonna do it since
the second time this has happened in the
past couple weeks jasmine has left the
house jasmine has taken Ava taking her
shit and left house and I really can't
do nothing about it was being breastfed
right now so she literally has to be on
her mom 24/7 on top of that Ava's
already spoiled like you legitly can't
even put her down for five seconds
without her going crazy which is fine
you know we did that but it's like I
don't already get the time that I truly
want to spend with my daughter
I do get the opportunity you take her
away from me goes to her mom how she
spends two three days there and then she
comes back act like we're happy for a
week and then we do it all over again
like I said we don't like displaying you
know our personal or putting out our
personal private you know proud
I'm just getting tired of this shit like
she makes me feel like a bad father
because I work every day because I
strive I have goals for my family I
worked my ass off every single day
because I don't want able to ever have
to endure anything that I went through
as a kid I grew up as a broke dirty ass
ghetto ass kid that's what I was nobody
wanted me I had nothing literally
nothing and I don't want that for my
daughter I don't want my daughter to
feel that pain that I felt as a kid so
thank you and then I love you in order
to you know said not make sure that she
don't go through some shit like that you
got to work your ass off I literally got
to work my ass off every single day but
to make sure that I'm great
to make sure that this family is great
and bottom line it's a sacrifice it's a
sacrifice is all a part of a sacrifice
to be successful probably with me and
Jasmine is that world in two different
worlds you know I'm sounding like that's
totally fine you know we don't have to
be doing the same shit we don't have to
be the same people doing the same stuff
you have our separate goals and do our
separate things don't bring me down
don't hold me back from my potential see
what I'm saying like I can't do the
things that I want to do like upload
videos consist I can't do that I can't
do it because it's always something
going on here it's always something
going down that holds me back from give
myself to another level don't think she
appreciate what YouTube has done for our
lives I don't feel like she appreciates
her life she don't live a normal life he
don't live a normal life literally get
to wake up do whatever the fuck we want
to do but she still has problems she
still has issues she still constantly
wakes up in the morning like gives me
attitude for what why do I have to wake
up to some female attitude like I don't
deserve that every if anybody knows me
I'm a happy person like literally will
y'all see on camera I'm happy every damn
day they got wake up like this bro I'd
be happy as hell because I'm just a
positive person you know and that's what
I want to be around and Jasmine just has
a lot of negativity a lot of negative
energy now I no longer want to be around
that's just bottom line what it is like
I no longer want to be around someone I
have just such negative energy such
negative vibes about them like I'm not
saying that I'm perfect like I'm the
perfect person to be around like you
know I have anger issues I am Who I am
like I'm I'm not the greatest person but
one thing you never gonna try to
downplay is that I don't want to be here
for my daughter that I don't want to be
the best father that you know that I can
be and I'm not taking anything away from
her from being a great mom she's an
amazing mother to able it that's just
bottom line with it she's an amazing
mother but as far as me and her being
together I don't think that can no
longer be I'm just I'm just keeping a
trail like I'm just keeping it really
sucked I have nothing to hide I have
nothing to sugarcoat lie I just felt
like me and her we just came together
you know I'm saying we have two
different goals we want to go to
different places and that's fine just
don't hold me back
you know I'm sounding like if you want
to do this you want to do that go do
that but just know that I'm doing what
I'm doing cuz I've been to a place that
I never want to go again into a place
that I never want to see my daughter I
want the best for my daughter I want my
daughter to have every single thing that
I never had you know I'm saying like in
order to do that you you got to put on
some work that's just bottom line what
it is I gotta put in my work I got to do
what I had I gotta be on my ground every
single day and some ground once again I
really didn't want to make a video like
this cuz this is not like me I'm not
like this I don't do this I don't make
videos like this I action for attention
I don't need someone to hold me and hug
me a shit you know this is a way of me
venting this is like some therapy shit
for me and I don't want nobody saying
that this is no some scam breakup shit
like scam and scam no nigga this is this
is real this is real fucking life this
is real shit that we're going through
you know I'm saying I'm tired of people
thinking that we're perfect and that our
family is perfect and that you know
everyday is let's get it like it's not
me it's not you know like real shit
happen real life happiness like John
7:10 week ten out of ten we don't be
back together tomorrow that just is what
it is but I need y'all to know that
there's a huge chance that me and chance
me we might not be together and it sucks
for me to say that and it hurts for me
to say that but I just know the pack
that we're going now every day I look at
her she looks
she's not happy he looks like she
doesn't want to be a part of this life
doesn't want to be with me and you know
that's fine like care for her I love her
you know I love her with all my heart
but it is what it is like rather her
leave now then drag me down forever
that's just what it is man
I rather her go off go do whatever you
want to do go be you go be Jasmine all
right you don't have to be Jasmine two
times go be Jasmine and I'll be pretty
boy afraid and that is what it is you
know so I'm not gonna regret doing this
video you know something I didn't want
to do but y'all need to see this man you
know y'all need to see what really goes
on with these YouTube couples man like
this YouTube shit it should breaks you
down bro it absolutely breaks you down
and you know it is what it is I don't
fucking know man I just want y'all to
see a fucking real bro one shot to see
what really goes down you know I'm
saying besides when we turn on the
camera light hurts I love her I care for
her I want to be with her but can't
force somebody to be happy that's not
happy can I do there's only so much I
can do you know all I care about at this
point is just my daughter just want able
to have the best future possible and I'm
gonna make sure that I continue to do my
job to to make sure that happens
