today I'm going to take you on a journey
of our home on a Sunday I know it's
exciting
Tellem cora tell um hello how exciting
it is ready you guys ready for a real
Sunday
tell him say yeah in the first corner
weighing in around 45 pounds Kane Atwood
sitting down charging and playing an
iPod watching videos multiple pops
socket action going in lazy relaxing
good Sunday huh what in the second
corner Noah outward weighing in at how
much you were nine no you do not weigh
90 pounds lie 90 you're 1,300 weighing
in at 90 pounds Noah playing with his
favorite shoe that no longer fits it's
my shoe that's my shoe in the third
corner weighing in at 6 ounces 5 pounds
weight that was Cora how much was she
when she was born
no she was like 9 9 pounds I mean goofy
Britney's playing Mario will you take
over the kids games you literally took
over all the kids games anyway guys
welcome to a Sunday at the Atwood /
Smith residence um we are usually lately
we either take sunday off completely and
film a current day vlog on monday or we
yeah that's pretty much all we've been
doing lately some days like our super do
nothing day and that's exactly what is
going on as you can see right here
Bennet yeah I can hear it let's see I
don't think it's dogs no just put it in
here we got a couple of them's quo us
huh couple them square pieces yeah six
minutes left game six minutes you want
to go up some your review said it yep
why you say it like that like you're not
sure if you want shot yeah yeah
coming into Noah's palace his little
mini office dude it looked hold on it
salt there we go it's nice dude really
really nice put his desk together school
rat knows been on the fortnight quite a
bit lately I feel like you're
even me I play battleground is my
favorite they're trying hard not show me
click this is Noah interests house boom
headshot boom good so right now it's
it's a game house right now I'm the only
one up playing games not even right I'm
playing with Cora that's not that's not
a game
hey Cora look at her house hoorah
I love you come here would you do if she
just shimmy the rock wall real fast that
would be scary
seriously Cora I need you up here come
on she has no idea I know it's a long
way little banana bikes I'm try yeah
let's try another oh it's on to save
your face there you go no she likes she
likes it I just break it up real small
like dust
I got watch she came too big no she
opens what maybe not like no she wants
to buy yourself
do it yourself big bite so how do I aim
this thing how do i how do I get this
into there she keeps left y'all
practising motor skills
go ahead
all right welcome we're all cut up and
we are back to normal bread is fine
we've got beautiful sunshine beautiful
weather it's like 60 some degrees barely
any clouds and we were picking up we're
picking up some kayaks something to get
in water wind what are we at the movie
theater
third we eat the popcorn it Oh what you
can't buffer
there's been deer here those are deer
prints boats and oars how about one of
these giant Sun dolphins no this is what
I need on the pond this is like perfect
for the pawn pawn perfect where you
going with that paddle girl you're not
getting what are you looking at to get
the boy some play clothes just get the
eight he'll fit in the eight yeah yeah
but he'll grow into this these things
last
Wow we'll get these ones from know what
too tall to tell sir here's here's one
of the things when you go to the store
with the lady you just you come in to
get one thing and then you get you get
enclosed and you're shopping and you're
just huh yeah aren't you why don't you
get real got us some kayaks oh look at
that Chevy squatting bro how we gonna
get these home
we bought green ones you gotta go inside
and switch paperwork I'm down they'll
blow away like kites dude I didn't bark
up tight yeah
here we are guys hope you're having an
awesome day we are starting out with a
little idea that we've uh I don't know
who came up with the whole kayak idea as
a chase Oh what is it you utica I'm the
guy I will pay up for the kayaks it was
a lot more than this I deal with these
tanks that we're gonna attempt maybe
today hopefully today the weather's
beautiful it's perfect I know you don't
under
catch you later what up big dog what's
up big dog a flashy man you're looking
that bucket looking that bucket right
there Oh beau Korres taking a nap
hi girl what's up little little little
worm
she's an inchworm oh she's sleepy okay
did you even see I'm home how you feel
good hell is here hey let me up me up my
back my back my back I'm just kidding I
just want a free router so you guys
wanna go get Marty yeah hey you don't
that thing and hang out that's it there
we go here we go let's go get mutt guys
you can't even see the rat on the buggy
only the splatter doesn't even look like
it's right unreal so dirty oh you got to
get it dirty man look at this cute
little baby over here
this is the spot can you clear it all
them thorns out put the hatchet he's got
gloves cane drop all these thorns out
for me right here chop all those my boot
ja ja ja okay so here's the thing about
this idea I'm not liking right now it's
getting very cold out we're losing
sunlight as you can see it took us a
while to get down here and britni's
bringing the winch over right now we're
gonna hook it to this tree or just the
back of the quad and we're gonna attempt
to kayak down this river and then the
winch is gonna pull us back if you can
just pull in right where no is that and
just straighten it out girl yeah that's
fine well it looks like it's me and you
dude we got these babies river ready
river ready to go we're just gonna jump
in and see what happens obviously you
don't want to go in the water cuz it's
freezing but I'm sure if we do it'd be
funny for you guys if not I think what's
gonna happen is you're gonna start to
pull and you're gonna turn it's gonna
just toss you over going in now just
like yeah if you know it'd been nice
knowing you
nice well we might as well just run it
now oh my gosh pull you backwards I say
the idea is Brian gets all the way to
the end and then we fire up the winch
and pull him back that's a lot you can't
even see Brian but he's all the way at
the very corner hopefully can dodge all
these branches so this thing has a motor
on it and it does that rope superfast
yeah like so fast eat it it's a dance
move look at that dance move
so we got one little obstacle that's
this tree down here in this water we're
gonna try to just pull it out toss them
overboard
clink Wow
Brian you're supposed to catch it hi is
it tree going to come out
I mean you broke it keep going yeah
there's just enough time to jump in here
and try this if it was only just early
and we had so much more sunshine what
are you waiting on they like this water
right here is deeper than this pole I
don't know if you can see deeper than
mine
normally I would fall for comedy I don't
want to fall
okay we're going one more it's getting
dark out our lighting sucks our cameras
probably look like crap but it's way too
fun and I don't know what honestly we
captured so how will happen so fast I
wasn't expecting that much power I never
moved like that in a kayak
there we go guys
it's still winter summer is gonna be on
a whole nother style for us I can't wait
good stuff you had one one job to get
the winch up safely she's fun she's fun
we were whipping it pretty hard all
right let's roll oh my god let's go boys
well we blew it up boys she's blown up
oh man
it's just affirmation we're fine ready
here we go you know
go get my favorite shoes off baby I'm so
dirty though yeah yeah yeah here there's
my girl
do you miss me I think she did the the
boys have showered all cleaned up which
is what I need to do because I'm Phil
look at my hat that's you bad actually
had a killer day and I need a haircut so
but all there's dirt chunks in my hair
there's chunks dirt mud and crud and
stuff hey
hey smiley but uh that's gonna pretty
much do it for a vlog today you get back
on track try my best yeah that's that's
all I got hope you guys are having an
awesome day night morning whatever time
it is keep your head up stay positive
we'll see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind that's not how the
ending goes that's not how it goes
go to your room you're grounded get the
bed we love you guys you smile more go
to bed you're out of control boy
you
