oh my god ice water I need you happy
birthday we all love you I know well
guys welcome to I'm gonna throw a shoe
so I can take you outside at our new
place learn your place Brett you ready
holy crap guys got a lot to talk okay so
we're on this ski mountain we went up on
this ski mountain it's just it's it's
it's look it's pretty rough Oh God who
climb up here on the actual hill and
show you guys Wow it's like foggy these
are snow makers up here it looks good
right it's like snow it's like oh you
could snowboard of that I'm not very
good you know buddy you guys know and
look this is like it's not snow it's ice
oh man so we we've disappeared guys you
guys know we completely have this but I
forget what room - so as you guys know I
worked in a rope by a factory might my
mom and dad's factory my whole life for
12 years I worked in that factory and
after you've worked there for one year
after that you were allowed to have one
week vacation per year so you would work
and you'd say hey in July I'm gonna take
a week off and that's what I feel like I
just what I'm trying to say is like
after that week when you had that
vacation you'd come back to work like
ready to rock right I feel like that
like we kind of just disappeared we went
we went like completely off the grid we
we didn't post hardly anything we were
just no vlogs like very little social
media I'm not gonna lie it was really
awesome but it was recharging it was
like real what it did but it made me
feel like ready to go totally over you
up here it's rainin it is Britney's
birthday so today is all about her and
we're gonna try to make the most out of
this weather this is what we got today
kind of like being a home all right that
birthday work out great you wanna do
this hang gliding Cheers
it's Burt birthday wish
here boom you try to get all fancy I
guess fancy time yeah I mean I didn't
have a stomp hair so you're just gonna
make them all why don't we just go get a
stomp pad we need a whole square for
like 12 bucks we're all set up we got
all our stuff and it has just been
literally pouring rain it's just switch
to snow but it has been pouring rain the
whole time we've been here rose act the
official snow the snow hill tester was
nice to you to test the hill for us Oh
Oh pastor you got to go faster you got
this and take the pine tree out no way
is that a shovel dude okay really quick
funny back story we were just about to
all run to the store to buy a shovel
what that's impossible it's under the I
serious thinkin if we go buy a shovel we
could build like a little jump right
here that is so funny
that is ridiculous whoa holy crap
frickin Shaun White yeah enjoy it
 I went down the steps here I hit it
we've groomed it for you we built it
Brian's working on a staircase Oh jump
I'm gonna make the best out of this
birthday how you feeling feeling like
are you feeling what is this this is
nice
it's cute these are rains you gonna pull
me down the hill we can't go anywhere
without you just building something dude
this is a good idea though he's building
a staircase I'm gonna do a stairs I'm
gonna do a stair set chase chase don't
forget your walkie here you need your
walkie provided everybody with a walkie
talkie these are essential needs to this
mountain refer to me as Romeo whoa it is
all ice-crazy I mean this getting cold
Brian's got to fix the wipers before you
start it yeah I got a direct order for
you fix the wipers oh you got to get it
fast Brian you gotta time it time it out
oh yeah he's coming in we're gonna need
somebody taking him out okay so the the
hill conditions just aren't in our favor
right now we're gonna head down to
there's like a couple shops and there's
like convoy is on the move stay close
stay tight Brett what do you want your
name to be be girl please refer to her
as the birthday girl please over that
come in come in Z dog how much to get
you in that River right now right there
waterfall how much you got I'll jump in
right now for your binding the flow
bindings of the ride binding say again
Sagan didn't hear you
yo Zack I will buy you a brand new pair
of bindings down here at the shop if you
get my waterfall over my birthday girl I
love you so stinking much drives me nuts
I already radioed Zack - Tom go get the
door good job how'd you get in here
three three oranges oh you would have to
buy those now for our first fitting
get it go sir you're gonna get us kicked
out of here chips and ice cream and I'm
getting oranges gonna drop them okay
well we gotta buy those dude my deal
stands I will buy you any pair of
Barney's or I'll give you my what what's
the bindings on my other board my ride
binding brand-new I've used them once do
you get in the waterfall I was gonna
take off my clothes and pop in in my box
deal
shake on it brand-new bindings if you
get in the waterfall dude you gonna
change your mom when you get down there
we already looked at it earlier Iowa I
honestly almost got out of the car and
hopped in dang it dudes I just found our
toy to skateboard freaking snowboard
dude all right what this cuteness no
skateboard that we're gonna gently shred
he literally just took the plastic off
my new board Linda listen Linda it's
going what's happening oh my gosh the
waterfall but you need board okay zach
is totally down for this one
I don't know if you guys saw it a very
good shot but we drove by earlier and
it's like rushing really hard it's gonna
pin him down let's do this this is gonna
be awesome
look at the big white birds doing this
for real I'm proud of him for the new
stuff yep by the way she said you got
boots - I said bindings I went to the
bathroom she got new boots and bindings
out of the dude this pond is so full
that it's flowing outward oh he's gotta
be so cold let's go let's go oh my god
dude look at this bro no I don't know if
it's deep don't go maybe you crawl in
from the back and come out
shower my head under tell the girls it
run and pull my god ice water dude
I can't believe he did it that was
commitment go get in the car do get in
the car yo cross seriously when you went
under I got really serious
the current turkey hunter I'm sure you I
didn't even speak I was like you know
honestly I'm glad you got the boots now
that was that was good I feel good about
the Batman he did great he committed
yeah what did you think when you went
under was that an accident was that on
purpose no that current actually sucked
me under the bus carry us out of trouble
I actually got really scared for a
moment I did too I was like oh I'm gonna
look like a total nerd and I was like
what are we gonna be weird just leaving
this guy just waiting and you were to
come out on the other side just talked
you out I don't know I thought I was
gonna get sucked in that tunnel for a
second all right we're back into our
little shack here we got a we got a
place that we've been at staying at and
puts the whole fun poke fun we're back
we've returned to the condominium it's
got no pull sands on the way bro always
this time the clock don't work so we
always on that time I could hear you
roaming at woods blogging what you can
write on car bitch whoa actually it is
slick I can get it twisted
oh man you throwing it away Oh God Oh
hill conditions are supposed to be
getting better as of now and hopefully
by tonight will be fully snowboarding
actually people are going down so that's
good sign
women think of that though when we like
chase did the art like that on purpose
didn't you
that's smart
yeah this camera I got this camera stop
bad but the only problem is it covers up
my only smile more logo yeah you can
still see through it yeah all right nice
weapon deals a deal brand new bindings
and a brand new boots like a toes
know how to get the darn daniels again
you ready to try this out it's so we're
probably just asking to get jacked up
but we're gonna hit this hill and uh
just so happens we got helmets we're
good it is straight ice what the Hat you
guys ready let's do it let's go come on
birthday girl it's literally ice here we
go here we go it's pretty icy I'm not
gonna lie I see absolutely beautiful out
here look at this whoa you can actually
go down that that's like super scary
becomes the ladies so ladies until
Brittany's in the front
hey feeling oh no I don't think so
hey feel like legit so I see whoo I feel
like that was super risky oh my god
we've all safely made it to the bottom
and I got to tell you we took a very
very easy light trail and to me it felt
extremely difficult oh I don't know
about this whole thing right now we
haven't been able to do this yet on our
whole trip this is our first attempt I
think we're gonna still hold off it's
crazy even for like talking to people
that are good at this it's like this is
not the condition to be out here so all
right guys let's do some lift talk ski
lifts talks right now cuz I'm sure you
guys have a lot of questions I see it in
the comments I have honestly been scared
of my social media every time we take
any time off it's it's honestly a little
nerve-wracking getting on social I avoid
Twitter I just go into like complete I
just disappear it's like it's super
windy Wow I can't but I think I think
that we should just say everything
family wise is absolutely wonderful guys
the time off that we do take is so
appreciative it is absolutely amazing
like living life without a camera is
amazing it is great we love filming our
life it is so much fun we do a lot of
fun things that we may not even do
without the camera when we vlog sort of
life is so we've just been so blessed to
have both this
you guys and our family life we try to
mix it the best we can mixed with our
fun are our actual life our family and
then sometimes we just hot lately it's
been like let's just go offline for a
few days like let's just play games with
the kids look it is a different life no
matter how much I don't even expect
anybody to understand this but it is
different off-camera you know like
there's a ski pole keep all freeze
people it's like buried in the ice -
what would you say about like our time
off like how is it I think it's just
much needed for us like it's a mental
break oh it is it's a reset for me it
really isn't I think that I'm running
out of time cuz we're gonna come off
here but I think that we just needed a
little reset that's all I guess that's
really what it is a reset yeah kind of
great time together like our first day
off we were like this has been the
greatest day ever really stayed in our
pajamas and watch like six movies yeah
we don't ever do it cuz if you did that
in a vlog your channel would die
instantly so life's different off camera
guys and you need to understand that as
you watch us like this wind is crazy
like this look at that but we love you
guys it is so good to just pick this
camera up and say hello and look how far
this place goes wow we've been on this
trip this is our first attempt to even
try boarding it's been so icy and rainy
and hopefully tomorrow good conditions
we'll see we'll bring you guys along
thanks for watching me in here I've
heard that there's like a new bell that
you got not even new like a bell you got
to click on and get notified of our
videos please do everything you can to
get those notifications so that you know
what you do see our new videos we're
gonna head up here and continue our vlog
oh yeah this is crazy oh you're the best
thank you lost the glove time to go to
school little girl yeah welcome to the
school bus the cool boss yeah you know
we're the cool people sit remember I'm
in school this is where the people sit
which doesn't make sense
it's just us ladies nobody can see
someone of us cheered on the beat
Brian's been here hey Brian the seat
needs fixed right I'll pull it don't
pull on it all right guys so we are
headed down to a little birthday dinner
whoa
philosophy Donna
well I think of Skouras maybe I'm says
we
we're gonna wheel
sisterly love why do you want to smash
it so bad
alright guys doing a little warping to
keep the shoes off we're back in our
little little little room here and happy
birthday one more time thank you
I hope you had a great day guys
we Creed that he'll I mean I will never
forget the conditions that he'll today
literally half of our trail was like
gone it was very like yeah actually
scary Jen like a river running through
one of her trails like all snow and then
just mud like how do we get across Oh
jr. took our trail there's like a narrow
path like this long we had to just put
our skis through um just as a complete
catch-up guys thanks so much for your
patience always whether we take a day
off a week off thank you so much for the
patience and just know that we're always
excited to get back here truly miss you
guys so much thank you for being here
being a part of our life and our
everyday we'll see you tomorrow
beautiful wait tomorrow yeah for sure
for sure just just don't make sure
you're on board tomorrow we love you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
