what's up guys mochi let me in let me in
flash just one chicken donkey give me
one thing
give me one day please let me in ah this
is what your dog does oh nothing yet oh
please I'm losing my mind it's freezing
I gotta go wait you want to come on home
with me he's like heck no it's cold
you're a snow dog
there is no snow guys welcome to the
vlog welcome all we're back home even
got a few days in dump ain't no him baby
how you doing huh it is so crazy how
long he's you guys remember in the
summer he had no hair it was very fun
now that it's getting cold out he's
getting this very thick long long hair
he looks awesome
I love it I hope you are having an
absolute great day man I know there's a
million things to bring us down but I
hope today right the second you're
having a great great day boss lady
hello what are you doing what are you
doing what it my god hey oh my gosh you
look kind of freaky mean maybe decide
what is what isn't an eagle a pheasant
double nose oh my gosh I want to do it
you know what it's kind of freaky what
is it wait what is that
Oh to put in its like sharp no wait how
do you get that in yo what up yo what up
to make me look tougher or a weaker I
can't tell you you think it makes me
look younger
oh my god cuckoo for cocoa puffs yeah
cute look like one accident away from
ripping your ears off I mean no you've
got like an abundance of jewelry coming
out of your nose like what if you have
to wipe your nose right now turn new
look no it's a little heavy isn't it
this is like Africa
it's bleeding too much too much
I think if you just went simplified it
like one chain not two chains nose ring
in the OneNote pretty cool code on girl
need a coat on look at this house
Destruction Derby she look like a
monster a metal monster yo Brian
she got Britt to the new look dude 2017
it's the Kane Bowl
Cain ball now you want to come out
you're nice and toasty huh so we
basically is started today after
yesterday's vlog because we did current
day yesterday so we're a little a little
bit behind starting today but the day's
been good productive getting a lot done
whenever we're gone for a few days we
have so much to do out here and we're
preparing for a big big thing on
Saturday so yeah hey yeah what you want
to go in just in - yeah just tear
everything up I'll definitely have to be
definitely have to be black because it
matches my wardrobe you know unless you
wanna ride LP extreme freestyle this is
how I get up around the smile more store
you guys to start working on these
everybody should have one everybody and
this is how you get merged all you need
to go back here alright this is great
for getting around on yeah whoa wait
let's see how fast you can go let's do
it says shirt time short time oh my gosh
wait what they say you can't catch me Oh
am i ain't can you ever seen one like
that no double wheels I've never seen
anything like that it's crazy so yeah
guys they hooked it up they sent me a
few of these to play with and kind of
goof off and for myself and the kids
really test them
use them I love the dual wheel super
unique super fun christmas is coming up
they're available at target.com they can
make a great Christmas gift for you guys
for family for friends for brothers
sister you name it cruising up and down
my long driveway back and forth the
house like it's just it's perfect plus
it's got a speedometer man who doesn't
want that way through speakers you can
jam out it's like a boom box on wheels
available at target.com guys I will put
the link top in my description click it
check it out it's got all the info
everything you need about it can order
them right there it doesn't get any more
simple doing that diaper change thing yo
you're clean you ready to rock but why
is there a scale in that bag on the
carpet I think that's gonna work put up
the kitchen put in the kitchen yeah you
definitely always 16 pounds forty four
point eight dude who you gonna be a cup
a car and Mia mommy's these guys what is
your favorite demon play board games
anymore I always love monopoly but it
takes a lot of time and usually like
destroys the family it's usually like so
fun at first and then by the time it's
over nobody's talking to anybody it's
super super rip we love where here's our
farm and you gotta get them out plus it
gets me off my electronics which I'm
just as guilty as anybody so that's good
double blue I get to go one spot that's
pretty good actually
blew past me think of this game so - did
you get double yellow that's one -
you're in kinky Andy's castle
that's it nobody beats me at my own
games mommy almost beat me to get her
she almost beat you - alright guys it's
going to be a short vlog oh my gosh I
did not know you were young and that was
so weird to me a short vlog today for
you guys as you can tell I'm so
snuffleupagus right now I can barely
breathe I'm like anyway I can continue
this into tomorrow so that we get a
full-length vlog but I'd rather just
start fresh tomorrow so that we get on
track so that's exactly what we're gonna
do we're just gonna cut it off we're
gonna say goodbye we're gonna get some
sleep
it's we've warped into the night quite a
bit kids are asleep actually Kane's
probably still going to sleep more than
likely yeah we love you guys so much
thank you for being here for our vlog
short long exciting boring whatever it
is you're here we love you we're gonna
make everybody on the pooping right now
anyway love you guys so much thanks for
everything we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful
one of a kind smile I came out with a
shirt just beyond more
you
