what's up guys good morning to you we
have a interesting day it's our last day
in Ohio and we get a bunch of fun snow
so maybe our last day in Ohio can be a
lot of fun maybe I know it's our last
they don't have it you'd have to cry are
you crying
stupid onions look ever eyes are just
watering as fast as me this how I start
my day usually I'm uh uploading vlogs
making breakfast and Britney just
prepping dinner killing it this looks so
good all these colorful onions and
peppers
I can't wait she's making uh she's
making her chili tonight which is always
a treat oh whoa all right so Noah's out
of school today he got school on so I'm
gonna go pick him up at his mom's and
have a little snow fun before we head
out of Ohio first I got to take all
these orders to the post office
you guys and your smile more orders so
many new orders man you guys are killing
it I got to take these down though
to the post office it's really cold out
here you ready ah you driving oh no um
yeah you got it dude you got it towards
your Playhouse me you got it okay that
way follow the tracks yeah you got it
watch the road watch the road me five
you drove the truck one two three four
five six seven boxes today guys awesome
look they just love when I show up we're
driving home for like five minutes no it
doesn't even realize Kane's in the
backseat because he was so quiet he's a
sneaky little guy you glad you have
school today yeah yeah you're right have
some fun yeah let's get the sleds out we
got a boogie board today getting all
bundled up yeah we're trying to have
some fun today man last day in Ohio
first day of pretty much having snow
let's make it count no time to break
this bad boy out man it's pretty cool
look can't be this man this is like
dream come true for these kids
that was a good wipeout yeah that was a
great way Val
yeah
oh no flaw no a flu oh yeah now do your
legs - yeah there you go it's a snow
angel this is the human sled team right
here are you ready you didn't last very
long lay on your belly not right there
Oh hot chocolate Tom nothing beats hot
chocolate enough you're a snowy radical
day just Mama's Chili's done how is it
is it great like the best chili you've
ever had in your entire existence I
heard it here folks
he said yes I didn't even have to pay
him to say that what do you think I
didn't home either I can eat it now I
don't know
Brittany never ate chili in her life
until like you're in LA and she started
making chili and started tasting it
tasting it eventually your mouth just
wants the flavor at least that's how I
am it's a beautiful night in Ohio it is
a beautiful night in Ohio Wow whoo all
right we'll be back love you guys I mean
that is party all right so I'm running
it back to his mom's I had fun looking
man that was that was great we uh had
some fun in the snow we ate some
delicious chili and now
it's time to go our separate ways we're
get we're getting pretty used to this
stuff though daddy's gone a lot daddy's
got a lot back give me a hug big hug my
own stuff I love you buddy I'm a man be
good while I'm gone okay no no no I'm
just killing some time I'm going to get
my fro busted finally not doing anything
literally walking around a gas station
people are like what is he doing talking
to that camera huh all right my man's
home so I'm going to get my hair cut he
does my hair the only guy that does my
hair in Ohio the only one that cuts my
hair in general unless I'm traveling in
LA I got a couple people that I use um
but this is this is my god John here's
the job we are on down at John's and
we're talking about playlist live I'm
going to playlist the beginning February
and I'm telling him I want to do
something really cool with my hair
showing that picture of Russian I'm
trying to find it oh my god where's that
this is the one I got tell me if you
guys want me to do this for playlist oh
my god let it focus dude that is
ridiculous talk them into it what's your
he's John's got Instagram now I'm proud
of you dude oh yeah I'm starting to get
into this stuff he does these these
pictures are pictures that he's dumb
check it out
you got it what's your Instagram Sean P
Hooper hang on let me see that come in
let me come in let me give you some love
John P Hooper and the guy if the fuzzy
beard you would never ever think you're
a hair stylist
all right I got my fro busting guys I
know it's it's just water in my hair
right now so it doesn't look it's at its
best who cares who cares what looks like
anyways I'm gonna go pick up Britney's
grandma now she's going to borrow this
car while we are away one of the biggest
reasons I started vlogs was to make fun
travel vlogs that was my initial like
alright guys this is what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna travel and make fun adventure
vlogs like that was one of my things and
it kind of turned into you know my daily
life so this next two weeks is going to
be really what I what I what I want to
do with these so uh let's have fun with
it and thank you guys so much for coming
along it's amazing you know I know I'm
rambling in this car guys but I can't
tell you how awesome you are like
reading the comments from yesterday's
vlog about where we're going on this
trip reading everything reading
everybody's guesses is so funny thank
you guys for playing along with this
stuff it's I love the people that know
where we're going like no matter what
and some of you are right some of you
were dead on but it's just so comical I
absolutely love it thank you alright so
we just got back home and I got some
things for the trip I want to show you
guys the first thing is you guys gonna
like it underwater case for this vlog
camera will you grab ah here we go here
we go here we go go here we go here we
go use my white one show you it's
actually big I didn't know is this big
it's really good that's what she said
you just heard it but play this it
literally snaps right in do that
yeah so if we eat an underwater case
that must mean that dang it another hand
what are those hiking shoes I got a
floatie for that case the next thing
especially since I told you guys this
trip is based on vlogs like we're going
at this to have fun
awesome vlogs I broke down I bought the
new bad a Power Shot let's think sick
and it should be the next great thing
for vlogs man this is like the hottest
newest vlog can pretty sick here it is
the new vlog cam did you want to see
what it does
check this out here hold my vlog camera
pointed at me yeah okay check this out
that cool so we can see ourselves holy
vlog here you do it now you can you can
point it at yourself like this hold it
like that then you can vlog yourself man
the rest of the nights just gonna be me
getting ready packing bags Britney's
packing downstairs Kane's playing some
video games and we're gonna call it a
night
alright guys we sure love you and thank
you for all the love and likes on these
vlogs thank you for everything and keep
a smile on your face your awesome smile
more
do you think we could give them a hint
at least that the place that we're going
is warm
