ladies underground town what's up
friends thanks for uh oh there we go
seatbelts you already got yours on yeah
he's on fire
thanks for coming watching today we uh
we just got a couple things to do me and
my man here mr. Noah Atwood the new the
new video of shot which I'm dying to
show you guys is uh it's so massive that
I need external hard drive to even hold
all the footages like seven or eight
cameras again so it's crazy I gotta get
crap for that it's so windy today seem
to be hard to film outside I feel like
I'm always in the store buying crap dude
we gotta get it we got it we got to get
better at this we were better this I
should already have a hard drive but I
don't I know I have so many full ones
vlogs eat up space big time every day
you're just filling up space it's crazy
decisions decisions huh yeah this is the
best a ps3 greatest hits 20 bucks no one
skate three are you gonna get it
we got a ps4 and Xbox one and we're
looking at ps3 games that's how it goes
I guess but maybe not I know we beat
number three
yes farm so since I'm gonna be traveling
this week I got the smallest protective
case I could for my iPhone the things so
big it's like carrying around a
refrigerator in my pocket never in there
for me
not too bad
still slick something is stuck in my
pocket it's huge period it's hard for me
to hold I drop it all the time because
it's so it's too thin it's awkward it's
like it slips oh I love the phone but
it's just it's a little awkward
back home Britt made some delicious hot
keys what are these quesadillas mm-hmm
cheesy chicken Jeff and Sarah here uh
what do you guys think yesterday did it
was insane it was pretty crazy you have
to see it to believe it
I left over weapons from yesterday I'm
still dumping tons of footage into the
computers I actually had to buy the hard
drive today for that and I'm ready to
eat and hungry oh and you mister
pickiest eater on the planet you got
your oranges that you just peeled all by
yourself dude
and these hotdogs I corndog look one
does yeah be good
you definitely ketchup yeah let my
eyebrow yeah it's my eyebrow ah you have
one too look come here come here let me
get you you ate all your corn dogs and
all your oranges
your thumb just went all the way up -
all right so we're gonna Bret and I are
gonna take care of this house get it all
straightened up a little messy you guys
want to do a fun project something fun
or you just want to watch George all
night Curious George
you wanna make red red slime yeah okay
we'll make red slime I'll come get you
guys in a minute we gotta clean and get
ready for battle
so what are we doing here making slime
we've done this before a long time ago I
want to do it again it's a blast and
super easy to make so if you guys want
to do this we're gonna teach you tonight
I think last time we did it we only made
it but this time we're gonna show you
how to do it and if you have kids you're
definitely gonna want to do this because
it's the best thing in the world for its
best thing for adults it's the greatest
thing ever
after a while it does go bad it starts
to like turn back in this is the whole
stuff we made it's still good no it's
not good what happens if you open it
completely really good good oh oh yeah
don't it's just purple almost blue no
right who's ready to make slime no me no
me
all right we can all make slime yeah
blue slime and green slime okay so we're
gonna up we're gonna do this for these
guys so tell me what they need that's
all you need this and water all you need
Elmer's glue or else this will make one
whole bag of slime we doubled it last
time but we're just doing singles yeah
first thing you're gonna need half a cup
of water did you open that glue squeeze
it blow all right that's good that's
good
you'd have to put the whole bottle in
and you can do this with a lot of
bottles too
okay so and then you need to mix it up
stir it all up really good one teaspoon
of borax you can get this at any store
it's so cheap like that box on my
kazillion bottles of the salon only
takes one scoop what in the world are
you doing okay and then you stir it is
to let the sauce here you start stirring
them I think last time we did it we did
use hot water on the boil yeah I think
so maybe the cold water won't yeah so
when you mix the borax use hot water or
warm water it helps it dissolve faster
see you the Colin all right so put your
food coloring and you can pick whatever
color you want
no one wants green just two drops why
don't I check your color oh if you like
it like that you just leave it
alright let me do this blue mommy's
gonna whoa wow that's nice blue now I'm
just slowly add just a little bit keep
stirring yeah yeah stir no it's so crazy
Nora see just that little drop that's so
wild you figure this crap out do that
whoa I think you're good to add a lot
more in start dumping it it's enough to
start separating whoa look it's already
turning if the mixture is still sticky
to touch and it sticks keep adding a
little more of the borock slowly not
stick to your skin like this big obese
booger what's it feel like
yeah what's the feel it whoa you made
your hand yeah so when you're done you
have the perfect it's like just like the
stuff you buy at the store before it
starts turning back to yeah you just
have to keep it in a ziploc bag and it
will last a month
yeah ramp your truck in it so that is
how you make green salute green slime
any slime actually the pink and the
purple Indian laughs really we should
make like massive like drum of that
stuff enough that you can crawl and do
ah he's so awesome
it wasn't a it would just take a lot of
glue the rest is cheap its water and
that box would do it that would be
enough because even that little bit you
put in that spoon we didn't even use
half the water right so that's it enjoy
I can't breathe oh you're thinking that
looks fun oh the cheapest quickest
entertainment for your kids right here
and it's fun
I want to make like 10 different colors
and do the whole table hmm after we went
seeing those monster trucks I mean
Cain's always loved him but now he's got
even more understanding for them now the
kids are entertained for a while mm-hm
they may never come out of that kitchen
well she does anytime she has a chance
why I had to start over this my new
phone
oh all right so we've had to kind of
warp into the night a little bit here
get this
bedtime getting funny stories today
we're gonna do the funny story
funny story time oh my stomach hurts
tonight so bad
hopefully I don't get that pukey thing
everybody else in this city has they
closed like half of our schools in
Columbus because they're always puke and
throwing up I dodged it I dodged a
bullet so far nothing
well your job is to provide me with a
funny one tomorrow
thanks getting something funny at school
trying to put this monster to bed one of
them the other ones still down there
probably Tasmanian Devil in the house my
bestest buddy my best new restaurant
I'll spend a nice family day guys with
so this is what you do with this stuff
when you're done just put in a bag it
lasts a long time I would say at least a
month you can just keep getting it out
fine with it it's really silly that I'm
even talking about that stuff right now
Kane's monster Kane's Monster Jam
cupcake saying this he just sitting in
here like wrong room awesome ready for
our big trip what do we have two days
I'll bet you guys are dying to know
where we're going I know I'm ready I'm
do anything vlog wise like the first day
will be mostly just fine did you get
your snowshoes
dude seriously can't smell this you got
to make them believe we're going
somewhere snowy ready did you um did you
laughing in did you WOM did you get your
snow shoes today yeah and what are
yesterday one I ordered on me today all
right let's get E okay I also ordered a
swimsuit and rock climbing gear
yeah problem skis a paddleboard skis in
paddleboard and scuba gear and snow coat
like yeah go up yeah all right we're set
we got everything we need for this thing
all right guys we're out of here thanks
for hanging out with us today uh it's
just a great hangout day with the kids
and we have to do some silly stuff
that's what I missed that and we're just
getting ready now we're leaving out of
here Wednesday early morning so by the
time you watch this we got two days I'm
worried about the vlogs the day we leave
because yeah it's gonna be a lot of
flying you're gonna have to edit on the
first flight and then upload on our
first stop where do you think we're
don't wherever you think we're going
come on hit me with the comments I know
some of you yes yeah we already did what
I don't know they know where we're going
hi guys tell me where you think we're
going I may give you a hat tomorrow I
love you we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget to keep a big old smile on your
face what do you think of yesterday
probably the best day I've ever had in
your whole life yes so
