hey guys so a lot of you are gonna be
really mad at me today and a lot of you
are going to completely understand what
I'm doing um so yesterday I did one of
the greatest prank videos of my life
it's the greatest thing that I've ever
done quite possibly and what do you
think of yesterday probably the best day
I've ever had in your whole life yes
so a long story short guys I cannot
upload the vlog for this prank until the
prank goes up it has to go with the
prank if I upload the vlog today it will
ruin the whole prank and it will problem
even the vlog would probably go viral
it's that crazy so what I'm trying to
say is On January 18 that's like two
Sundays from now I will upload this
prank I need a lot of time to edit it
it's a lot of work it was one of the
most challenging days of my entire
career and it's something I'd been
working on for months and months it was
miserable to keep a secret from not just
you guys but so many people and you'll
learn all about it I promise the cool
thing is about not putting up the vlog
is that January 18th not only will you
get this prank but you're also going to
get an entire vlog from that day so we
have two videos that day plus the vlog
from the 17th so you'll have three
videos on the 18 I know most of you
understand a lot of you are going to be
mad that I'm not uploading the vlog but
there's really good reason it's gonna be
worth the wait I absolutely promise it's
one of the greatest achievements for me
so uh hold tight we will be completely
on schedule tomorrow so everything's
rolling as normal I just had to come on
here and tell you that the vlog must go
up with the prank or it will ruin the
whole thing and unfortunately I cannot
upload the prank so uh we will see all
of this on January 18 thank you guys
truly for the support and understanding
that the vlog just cannot go
and you'll see why On January 18th I
love you guys it's all I got for you
today because I'm actually vlogging for
today but yeah thank you guys for
understanding and try to guess what the
prank is it's pretty freaking epic and
it's going to be something nobody's ever
ever done in their entire life so I love
you we will see you tomorrow don't
forget to smile more that was a lot of
rambling
