what are my friends what's up you guys
are so awesome thanks for coming along
today thanks for uh thanks for watching
today guys we are actually I'm just
heading out to do a couple of errands
then I'm going to pick up the whole
family we're going to the monster truck
show and I imagine the kids faces when
they see the monster trucks and hear
them the sound of them so how you guys
doing today man I feel good it's sunny
is it I can't say it is it's sunny it's
beautiful Oh
decisions decisions why don't we come in
here oh no oh fuck yeah it's the best
and worst decision I've ever made
I can't wait to you give me a break guys
come on it's just one hot dog and I'm in
the brand-new truck this messy pink I'm
going downhill guys Oh No oh don't care
he loves it
ah why did I just eat white you guys let
me eat that feels good
I feel so bad anyways I am gonna go home
get Brittany cane and go pick up Noah
he's playing at his buddy's house and
we're gonna go see some monster trucks
tonight I'm excited probably more
excited than the kids I think this
stuff's awesome cars running over cars
over cars blown up stuff that's that's
me man I love that so I'm excited I'm
going to take you guys along something
new for the vlog and definitely
something exciting for us in the kids
all right I'm back home hi mama
you guys working on looks like the trees
finally gonna come down I know it's a
bear to take well I've only put it up
but it doesn't look fun to take down you
guys remember how I took down the tree
last year right okay I can't I can't see
I can look whoa what the heck happened
up here this isn't my house what'd you
do with my house what game you want to
play not that one how about toy box cars
well you and mommy did a great did you
really help clean this really the mommy
give you candy and money as she just won
you a kid oh we gotta get the tree down
it's that time maybe I should go work on
that now okay you ready to see some
trucks
oh yeah dude all we got to do is go get
Noah was he farting yeah are you far in
yeah we are downtown Columbus trying to
get this with it I can't get a roll my
window down that's cool they leave the
building light the office lights on to
spell words in that building
dude one of the employees there could
have really messed that up big time -
lights out you know next time why don't
we just drop a semi-truck down here is
so scary pulling into a parking garage
with this truck
luckily they got these really high
ceilings
all right look for a spot action lights
camera action who's ready to see some
trucks Caine's got his Mohawk Noah's got
his hand up so we are walking up right
now downtown Columbus got my boys and my
girl
and we're gonna have some fun I couldn't
help notice you got an arm inside there
lookit is that for sale yeah science
hopin to know all right now we're ready
you guys know I gotta have my nachos and
cheese close enough
you ready they're so loud
holy moly are you ready here yeah he's a
little freaked out
ah
four wheeler raised
oh yeah
I want to do this honey I
who can get me the dry
it's the halftime show say mommy I know
a better area with our snacks the shows
about to start
did I even said this guy's gonna flip
his trunk and I didn't film it I'm
summer
hahaha
like to
so if you've ever wanted to know how to
flip over a monster-truck this is how
case you have one of your house
okay so during the show I asked you guys
to tweet Monster Jam to let us go
backstage and see the trucks everybody's
gone and they just tweeted me that
they're coming to meet us and taking us
backstage you guys exactly
they're probably pranking me the other
never answer so thank you guys it was
all because of your tweets you guys
smashed the Twitter so so this lovely
lady imaginary Sam
Sam is escorting us do this
scooby-doo corridors and we're gonna go
see the trucks good I bet they're way
bigger when you get down there huh
nobody far the only thing that I ask is
you guys be very very careful because
the trucks when you when they are
looking out feet they can only see okay
thank you guys it's awesome they're
definitely bigger when you get down here
Oh biggest sucker is did things are
massive what's up man how are you I'm
roaming out what nice to meet you just
the announcer the show right here what's
your name man my name is Greg Whitaker
Greg Whitaker is out there he's out
there doing his thing and taller than me
I know look at that look at that so how
tall are you we not tall it tire is
almost I can ride
yeah I did just moments ago that sucker
was hopping in midair
yeah
it's like they're rebuilding the track
because tomorrow they're gonna do it
again
oh sorry we'll go oh nice to meet you
nice sent you bro oh yeah see you're
working on the truck we got a Roman
soldier working on the truck oh yeah
drive this thing yeah I want to drive it
dangus I said I sit in my vlog I said
how do I Drive one of these so fight if
I come to you I think I can drive this
Oh like gently and gently we won't tell
them yeah I got a serious question how
often you change the tires on the same
Oh tires come off every time we move the
truck but like replacement how I'm often
you replace them like completely it all
depends on how often they get done ah
these tires are actually pretty strong
they're ten ply tires and they can put
up a lot of abuse and shit yeah that's
amazing these guys are animals right
here man such a good gravy we're getting
out of here huge huge shout-out to my
freaking viewers that tweeted and got it
was last minute literally last second
Monster Jam reach our DM me and said
somebody was coming to get us so thank
you guys and huge shout out to Monster
Jam for coming and do it no I got
signatures thank you and we saw trucks
and it was awesome we said it's up and
then I grabbed them I think so gains
favorite truck was the doggie you know a
girl drives that I don't know her name
but yeah what was your favorite mmm the
L alt or no apart
oh poor loco Toro is the ball we just
got home and it is way past bedtime boys
oh no it's got him yummy
hold on hold on tight oh he's got you in
a lock all right it's it's bedtime no
playing around
yeah cuz I feel like right now wow just
what I did yeah was that amazing or what
better thank the viewers yes thank you
very good you guys are too much
um what else what else what else it's
pizza
good night good bed you got a funny
story today I was out I don't have any
eyes just with you is your funny story
that's what we're gonna start doing
we're gonna start funny stories on yeah
even that's bedtime we're gonna start
telling just one short story for every
night all right go for it so hit me when
we were driving home when we were on
that road okay so wait
hey honey I'm like cameras going blur
all right go ahead okay so when we were
driving now little soon as we went down
the hill when King was asleep he was
like we're doing I love you boy good
night all right guys I absolutely have
to in this vlog I'm friggin beat I still
don't get the tree down it's got to
happen soon um thank you guys again
honestly like today's vlog was so much
cooler because some of the help from you
guys so huge shout-out to you guys
whoever did help me with the tweet to
get us backstage and stuff thank you so
much it meant the world to my kids and
another big shout out to Monster Jam for
being so freaking awesome and looking at
those tweets and entrusting made my
family go back there and and see that
stuff so uh thank you guys so much we
love you we love your loyal support you
guys are too much ma'am we will see you
tomorrow don't forget no matter what
just smile more I'll make you feel so
good your life will change I love this
handle that's cool
body video fast
