get your little butt in there traffic
traffic traffic look at all that traffic
what's up my friends if you watched
yesterday's vlog then you know I crashed
pretty hard I got pretty sick have some
kind of head cold my sinuses
everything's still pretty plugged up so
forgive me for how I sound but my body
feels pretty good yeah wrong strong like
a friggin ox I'm like a trance or rat
wow if I flex I'll rip my shirt already
got holes in me - are you taking selfies
he's taking selfies selfie
are you getting it he's taking like huh
turtle he's not clicking it up try again
how you doing you took kik take good
care of her man it's my baby buddy so
we've just got to a place come highly
recommended from my good buddy Kevin
Moza loser Rosa there was no parking so
we were forced to do ballet on our on
our sweet beauty okay the restaurant is
pronounced multiple remotes I'm Rosa or
Moser with the best
it's difficult a traditional place in
real time
garlic bread actually comes out
mozzarella
tomatoes yeah mommy's pretty good with
crayons huh is she the best yeah she is
the best
ah that looks great so I'll be the first
to admit we're more used to the I got a
chain pizza restaurant where its
traditional thick crust cheese this is
what Knipper for us when it's really
really good do you like it what do you
think mommy that was pretty good just
waiting on our car huh I'm gonna go to
pit we'll go to the candy store no mommy
no me no me no me no me okay please
remember where we park because you know
I will mess it up I will definitely let
us all down I bet you just start filming
where we park so that I always know are
you paying attention where we're going
just like Daddy
Hey look at the sunset okay
you just barely see the Sun going down
it's pretty cool told Cain if he ate all
his pizza we come to the candy store so
here we are looks like everybody ate all
her pizza three ants jawbreakers yeah
Tex crazy sucker he grabbed those big
ones and the look on his face you will
like this is what I'm hitting hold it up
if he's dropping it's gonna take two
hours to clean up all right
five pounds of gummy bear oh my god we
just ran into this bookstore and I found
a about States and I turned to Ohio I
actually didn't know any of this stuff
while I know the Capitals Columbus is
the rubber capital of the world
that's pretty crazy did you know that
Ohio's beverage is tomato soup some
beverage coming tomato juice tomato
juice but even still that's what it says
that's what it says our beverages is
tomato tomato juice should we get this
book it's called I want to be a porn
star very old Lego set it looks old Oh
your finger fit in there oh that's funny
Bonni Bonni I did the worst thing you
could ever do today it's one of the most
for me it's like a pet peeve I forgot
deodorant
what do you think of that you still
think I'm attractive yeah see what this
lady smelled you it happens all the time
I'm sure you guys know how to happen you
forgetting Yoda it and you go out you're
like crap every time oh maybe it's just
me
okay you don't I don't know you get a
green bag for all you car lovers check
this baby out
boom tell me what it is in the comments
okay so we just got back up and what
would do this Instagram photo for a
little while I didn't come up with the
idea I've seen it online you probably up
to but it's not to be funny to
incorporate with my editing and vlogging
my head is so congested but it's
basically like the picture of the guy
like working on Peter and the girl with
her underwear down but the funny part
about this is Britney will have
underwear but she'll be in our shorts so
only you guys will actually know that
it's completely fake photos completely
rigged should be fun now I guess I'm
just gonna sit at this table yeah I'm
gonna clean it up huh the black ones are
fine
yeah to Sicily cuz on the picture sure
look like he's naked and she's pulling
out on her but really she's completely
clothed and all you do is put the
underwear right there
okay hold it okay you could really trick
the internet with this photo as if you
shaved a guy's legs and had the guy do
this even just from the knee up you
won't have to shave anything else I got
the nice studio lighting here it's only
the best only the best for my pictures
how's that
yeah as long as they don't tip over on
your head let's just take a couple see
what it looks like my problem is even
for Instagram I take so many photos
Britney just loves
weirdo just we hopefully we got a 911
went through any of them but you can see
how many I have to choose from my is
this the rest of our light right here do
you need help try and charge right hand
now you got to plug that into the wall
I guess shoot you with the giggle gun
what's the giggle gum I'm not even
touching you giggle gun that's cool here
stand back stand back
do your karate kick oh yeah show me
rifle pride and then we'll kick the
blood so how you do your grabby kick
show them
hey did Laurie teach you that yeah on
your date
all right guys thanks for hanging out
with us today sorry for the stuffiness
is that the slo-mo poem yeah thanks man
out what does they do don't worry I
can't help you gotta get him you get it
Oh Oh watch the clam Oh Oh all right let
me end it you gonna do that okay
uh what's in this ready all right me you
all right no more function no more
punching I will block it if you try to
punch thanks again guys for watching and
hang out with us today we will see you
tomorrow and don't forget to smile more
gonna quick you don't do the click say
smile more and then right no yeah yeah
yeah hi everyone so we are one of the
story Romans not feeling it at all
