what's up my happy friends I'm starting
the day off a little rough after the
Billy Idol concert last night resorting
to cold coffee and a whole cup drops man
I'm pretty rough not gonna lie I want to
hit this guy I don't want to hit you so
one of my good friends has invited me in
to do one of his YouTube videos today so
I'm headed there to do that I'm like a
zombie I feel bad my my sinus is
everything or bad so I got to shake it
off one thing's for sure the environment
of the city makes you feel a little more
alive Sun trees everything is a little
more alive it makes you feel better like
we just don't have this in Ohio
I mean flowers all over damn this is
bringing back some memories this is
where we filmed the natural born
pranksters movie inside here oh yeah
what's that baby oh yeah this is where
Magic's happening oh I stole you guys's
movie studios I was gonna say this is
bringing back Samara this is different
every comment Joe doesn't Roman dude
so this is dollar this is foo C's little
baby I had no idea it was this tiny dude
like from the pictures looks like a dog
but in real life it's like the size of
your hand this White House this is how
you know where youtubers right here this
is this is everybody give it up for
Roman
I've lived here 18 not Appling no Monica
is did I order Edward it's definitely
antlered and toured with the head yes
everybody get up for Roman Atwood please
have a seat have a seat
I'm about to fight fou C's dad hey and
Romans about to find my dad to the dead
so I'm it's gonna get ugly it's gonna
get ugly I mean like this for and you
stand here okay all right here yours
gotta see this all right had a lot of
fun with my boy Busey pretty cool he's
working hard on some new stuff outside
of you know the prank world which I give
a lot of respect for because it's hard
to branch out a peep in a prankster on
YouTube I feel like crap guys I'm
getting really worried that getting
something
I headed right now to rocket jump which
is Freddy w's place where I shipped all
the plastic balls - we are working on a
collab as well lots of cool stuff
happening for for all of us for you guys
to make them a lot of cool collapse
coming up with new people and new things
that I haven't done either so it should
be a lot of fun and a fun journey again
to come along with we just got the
rocket jump and here is you guys
definitely remember these it's still a
lot but that's definitely not all what
is that I'm gonna get pretty spoiled
with these scion cars come paired to my
truck in the GTR and they I own all
every every car I have a gas guzzler so
I'm gonna get real spoiled with these
cars and I'm getting really worried guys
my head is like filling not good not
good for you or I and Britney and Kane
are at home waiting for me and all I can
think about is just getting under a
blanky snuggling up with them and just
fall asleep here's a Warner Brothers
Warner Brothers Studios right here
and I miss you hey I love you
are you all gonna go get some food for
daddy you're not are you gonna get some
toys for daddy are you I see your mommy
can play together I just got home just
like I told you guys I wanna get on this
couch for the blankie and my lip what I
just set the vlog public got a late
start uh you know I was doing stuff this
morning
but I get my spirits up man I'm coming
down really fast
I think Brett's gonna pick me up some
lunch and yeah yeah you are
yeah you are and then you're gonna come
back and kinda with Daddy we'll get some
hot tea and a movie we love it this
camera is so little see hi everyone so
we are going to the store Romans not
feeling it at all
ready
regular yeah okay and I just got to the
store ready to get just a few random
things and I got to get roaming some tea
and maybe some money to help us below
okay first thing we're getting is a
calendar we um
you guys know we have something going on
every single day especially in like
while we're in LA which I'd do as much
as we can because you know get
everything done so we can go home so I'm
just debating on what calendars gonna be
the best for us I don't think a little
one like this is gonna be good I think
it's something we can like hang on the
wall no Roman can we can both like look
at every single day here's a really big
one you think you need a pencil case
yeah just because it's fuzzy yeah I
don't think you need a pencil case put
our soccer game on there and our yoga or
piano lessons I would love for came to
learn how to play the piano it's always
been something that I've always wanted
to learn maybe one day
okay let's find Robinson
where that is 12 should we get him some
tea
yeah how about well some mothers know T
should get a mother's talk to you Wow Oh
brownies yes
this will be really good first throw out
a little honey in it should make him
feel a little better
it's okay that I got um well Kang got
the Marvel superhero Lego game now and
I've been writing it so we can both play
together and beat the levels and get the
guys and all that it's up we're gonna
pick up another controller which one
should be it should we get blue or camel
we already have we've this one at home
Oh mommy likes the white wall oh wait
this is PlayStation 3 so it's either the
camo or the white daddy would kill me if
I came home to PlayStation 3 from ok so
which one camo or white camo or white I
say we do white and then you can have a
black one mommy can have the white one
cane is just daddy's favorite song
is me
daddy's favorite song for sure you want
right you loves Taylor Swift yes Kane
did you already open it
yeah you opened it yeah all by yourself
yeah you ready to play with me yeah can
you say yeah one more time yeah well I
don't think I'll be hanging out Brittany
and Kane anymore
thank you there buddy buddies on the
PlayStation now I have this massive
breakfast burrito potatoes right
honestly she in bed right now I feel
awful got some fruit and yogurt just
kind of just gotta get going man keep
moving what you're making in the kitchen
yeah just some broccoli
I ain't bit too much I just stuffed
myself I want to go do what I always do
want to say take back
do you have any like bath salts really
zombie salt make me turn those on me not
here we have plenty of whole hive oils
what um yeah I'm good sorry guys I know
this works too exciting it's - sorry I -
tone it down a little bit creamy and
cheese hey I'm gonna go take a bath okay
I love you young I love you three bats
are like my thing like I love to but I'm
not
get made fun of that when I come up to
LA because I guess in the city more
people just take showers but in the
country where I'm from I don't know I
just always taking on that that's what
I'm going to do right now sorry guys I
don't want to say hey guys I'm
continuing this vlog into the next
morning I took my bath and I passed out
the entire day I've slept all morning
and Brittany and k9 you know what
they're doing
try playing video games I want to come
on and sit in the blog with no ending I
am feeling a little better my sinuses
and throat are really bad but I think
I'm gonna be able to get up in vlog
today so thank you guys don't kill me
we're trying to get on track here we
will see you tomorrow and don't forget
even if you're sick the smile I love you
guys
I love
you
