what's up my friends good morning to you
this is how I'm starting my morning hot
delicious breakfast just forgot the hot
sauce yeah if you watch yesterday's vlog
then you know I failed completely
I tried to make a gaming video I mean I
bombed it hard I'm not afraid to admit
that it was and I'm sure you guys all
know what you're doing and you're just
laughing at me but not today man I'm
gonna try to make this work and try
again and just see if you guys like it
if you don't I won't do it anymore but I
feel like you will so here's for round 2
so just got the Gilroy's what's up dude
yeah yeah I brought all my stuff here
today and we're gonna go out and get
what's a good Delgado Elgato oh god Oh
hd60 the top of the line capture card
for this guy yeah so we can do this
right today as we failed so bad
yesterday it was not that bad just is
bad well where's the footage
where's we can't even show you this I'm
at it what we got some more of that LA
sunshine today baby you know what I'm
gonna struggle I just wanna run people
over thought you were going
this thing's a beast I'll leave that
cute little truck you normally see it so
I got to run out and get this recorder
thing and maybe a mic so you guys can
hear me
and then Chasen are gonna try to make a
great game video today we'll see that's
what I said yesterday you know what
would be better is if we had Mario
alright I know I'd be way funner to
watch badly yeah
our Goldeneye 64 moves Bond action this
is so messed up that I'm looking at all
this Xbox stuff now so will this
recorder work for ps4 - yeah oh nice I
can do both you're part of the elite I
think I got what any we even opened it
up to make sure it came with all the
cables stupid take so much to me
I respect you gamers now I never knew it
took this much stuff to make a game
video and it doesn't even matter if you
have all the equipment you can still
suck hard yeah as we did last night we
had all input suck hard tonight when I
bought this truck they give you free car
washes for life so I'm about to test it
I'll do it literally just drive through
it oh this is dope this is close oh you
mother oh you better be open
let's try was dirty free car washes for
life if it's open no they got open this
thing up now area is areas as a guy so
away the truck right there you come out
to save the day
I'm just gonna smash him into that glass
dude
watch this what's up man I scare you
know I thought your wife was dry snows
Britney she's one to use a car what up
what would happen if I would
accidentally just like I put it in
neutral and revved it but what if I'd
accidentally put it driving - smashed
him through the glass dude I didn't make
phone call to his wife I'm guessing that
I would have a really good vlog beef I
see a phone call - it was a prank it
wasn't supposed to happen this way yeah
the carwash is closed but they came out
so they will actually wash this whole
truck by hand don't take 10 minutes bus
and now shut up I will make him clean it
by hand you that's probably how most new
cars are supposed to be washed you know
I think the worst thing about trying to
do this right now just kicking the kids
off the big TV shame I feel bad for you
guys not really good
I was just about to say not really you
guys been playing all day still chilling
in your jammies you got the life man :
can we switch lives can I be you and you
be me
good answer dude all right we're getting
ready to look at this so everything I do
on here will record onto my laptop from
there I should be able to put it into
the vlog and you've always got the same
setup he's recording over here is this
really what gamers do this is crazy this
thing's the bomb alright guys so if all
goes well you should be watching Gilroy
and I playing Grand Theft Auto right now
and if you like it tell me like it if
you don't tell me you don't I want to
hear I'm up for all what's it called
so here we go hope you enjoy
alright now Chase is trying to climb up
this tower where are you there you are
there you are alright you gonna climb
out walk all the way across you're gonna
try to land in the sunroof or my car we
put the stick video do it here we go
do it to it to it to it oh where did you
/ did I land
hahahaha where's your buggy oh shit is
one there's an ax shit says sick alright
you're gonna drive under this bridge I'm
gonna leap and land in your car ready
Joe Go Go Drive yes I got you hey go go
go go go to 200
land on you do yeah yeah ha ha ha ha ha
suck it ha ha ha I'm gonna lay them
right on that bridge you're not in it
right on a car right on it oh wow look
at your face or something I need to tell
you look at me when I talk to you look
at me dude
you're really making this hard what
you're making this harder than it has to
be what I just always want to tell you
that I love you ah okay shit oh don't
think you understand
don't leave me here hahaha leave me
without me no way
we both you too that parachute we both
got one yo yo yo let's ramp the bike up
and good okay but I gotta figure out how
to figure out hundred see that you see
that shit shit
hey here we go yellow can work it Hans
is huge okay it's colder than a mother
hello we are took a break come down and
get some snacks we are literally living
like kids today this is not what adults
do bro all right I'm packing her up I'm
out of here
taking my little box my little TV I'm
going home need help was fun dude it was
fun
no I can come back in I can make this is
not a coaster is not a coaster you're
right that's a galaxy ikat but I put on
a coaster app I'll put it on the coast
arabinose that really helps if you guys
need it
chase has some natural nipple butter
it's snowin he's not lying
ladies and gentlemen it's snowing
it's been about time too it's snowing
guys it's actually kind of a long wait
for us to get snow we didn't get any for
Christmas
and it's what I want a lot of snot want
to take this truck through the snow dude
as much snow as we can get just see what
it can do maybe you start slipping in a
little gameplay for you guys different
games obviously not just that game but I
enjoy it it's fun if you guys got any
suggestions please leave them in the
comments if you don't want gameplay
that's fine I don't have to do it all
right guys just getting home and my room
is so trashed destroyed
I am I gonna call it a night you guys
enjoyed today's vlog it's a lot
different than normal
we will resume to the normal vlogging
tomorrow and boy we're about to announce
something really cool that's it I love
you guys keep your head up don't forget
tell me if you want more games or you
don't want games I won't be offended I
love you guys smile more hey we're
getting ready look at this dude there's
no way this is how you make a gaming
video this is well this is a little
Haggard for this setup this is the most
ridiculous
