what's up my friends beautiful and sunny
today I am starting out of getting a bit
more Bob yeah gotta go get merch for the
smile more store and trying to find
props for the Annabelle prank time about
the poll tomorrow thanks for opening the
door dude I was locked out how you doing
you're good oh that's okay
that's all right hey no silly
I just got back home I loaded up some
stuff and I was asleep he was up me and
Noah were up every 40 minutes from what
time was it
it's like 1:00 or 2:00 in the morning
2:00 in the morning it was like on the
dot every 40 minutes we had to wake up
run off this couch into the bathroom for
him to puke it was the saddest thing
ever
I hated every second of it but good news
is I'm the only one hasn't got this
freaking thing you need to do your
vitamins I need to squeeze some homemade
orange juice yeah oh right spider-man
you gonna help me a lot of boxes here I
got a lot of boxes here guys finally
getting good use out of this truck you
want a race not yet I'll see what's in
these boxes is a lot a lot of boxes yeah
this store is getting so big and
expanding so fast
I'm gonna need a freaking building soon
look at my base it oh yeah it's our
water bottles that's right
Kane you want a new water bottle
you like creepy in that robe coming down
here had to pull the truck out of our
little loading dock at the house Cain's
driving completely I'm just pressing the
gas yeah steer steer steer good job
watch out for the barrel Cain yep good
job hey turn so turn in all right
straighten it up straighten it up good
job man
you're a natural
job give we're gonna go check on Noah
he's been asleep
I don't know why canes no awareness
helmet
I'm gonna have to take our lights down
soon our lights because it's not
Christmas anymore
so a little time has passed and Noahide
feelin boy better
you're not puking that's a good thing
drop the beat what up guys so I just
took know what to his mother's
there's nothing like a sick boy and his
mother they want each other badly so I
took the bus Akeem took no over his
mom's and now I'm doing something that I
never thought I would do ever in my life
and that is join the Xbox nation that's
right I'm gonna go buy an xbox one and
try to perform my first ever gaming
video that's right and have fun yeah my
man Gilroy all right it's officially
cold as ice baby walking into game stop
try to find this stuff it's like a fan
meet inside that store I love YouTube is
so powerful man I never thought I'd walk
into a store and half the place knows me
I even had a security guard come up and
they'll shake my hand it's cool I didn't
vlog anything though sometimes I'm even
shy with my camera oh so here we go Xbox
two copies of GTA let's go make some
funnies and I hope this works I know I
know if it's I know how it's gonna work
me and Chase is gonna spend the entire
night trying to make it work that's what
it's gonna be you guys gonna see like a
minute of gameplay no I know I'm not the
best vlog in the world but I do have
some advice it is completely normal
and okay for you to be shy to pull out
your camera it happens to me all the
time usually when fans come up some days
you'll see me blogging with fans some
days you'll never see me with a fan some
days I just can't pull out the camera
it's like it's awkward it's
uncomfortable it's like doesn't feel
polite it feels kind of like rude to
pull out a camera in someone's face so
it's completely if you have struggles
pulling out your camera it's completely
normal just do just pull it out as much
as you can that's longer advice by
roaming outward huh well I certainly
never thought this would be happening an
Xbox in my house nothing against Xbox I
just have never had one of my life and
I'll stop Curious George here Kane's
gonna kill me
yep I'm unboxing an Xbox that's uh I'm
excited about it I got one hand on you I
also never told you guys this when we
bought our truck the new truck that I
was just driving they gave us for buying
the truck they gave us excuse me they
gave us a $500 Visa card so it's a gift
card that you can use anywhere that just
bought an Xbox that's right
so Blaine do you know what an Xbox is
you do yeah I think you're faking it
this is an Xbox dude we can play pretty
much all the same games that we play now
yeah we're setting up this is fancy man
what's hottest work we're about to do a
serious gaming video maybe I don't know
I'm still trying to get this Xbox to
work take so long huh bombs away
all right we're getting ready look at
this dude there's no way this is how you
make a gaming video this is well this is
a little hacker for this setup this is
the most ridiculous check out our
cameras are on just game cases this
crafty dude I'll give you that well this
might pick us up from here like just
chilling yeah
gain on the back we can turn that thing
all the way how are we going to test it
test it right now
you mean give me a radio check check
check check check check
obviously I'll mute that during
recording so does that good well this is
good enough so tonight we're doing GTA 5
are actually going to invite some of you
in you shut that thing up I can't even
explain the struggle of getting you guys
fans viewers friends into our game thank
God for Twitter you guys have been
answering every question possible so the
same we have to leave online go to story
mode and create new session for all that
work dude after all that effort Rockstar
Cloud Servers this time you can't play
yeah do you even hooked up the fancy
GoPros yeah yeah I'm so bummed out right
now ah but I tell you guys I told
you guys in the car it was gonna
probably take us all night just to
figure out how to play but now the
servers are down so we can't even play
the game which is forced to me do you
like a king that's right
then these are all crumbs where's all
the goods it is an art form
must be done perfect
this is ridiculous dude oh we're you
guys that come on yes do we finally got
it to work only thing is I can't hold
this camera and play at the same time I
got some recording on the laptop but I
think all the audience I saw this coming
a mile away I did we did slowly figure
it out yeah it's a it doesn't seem like
much time has passed but it's a 257 in
the morning it's freaking late I don't
know what we got recorded if anything
but we we definitely got the game to
work there was a lot of fun just we'll
see what happens we should do we should
do it tomorrow
yeah but from here and her - yeah
separate screens all right guys we've
worked way past bedtime I'm freakin beat
two nights in a row last night I was up
with Noah puking all night tonight up
playing video games I'm beat exhausted
but uh thanks for coming along today
tonight was nothing but trial and error
we learned how to get this thing to work
so hopefully in the next few days we can
actually produce a video for you guys we
love you guys thanks for the love and of
course likes on all these vlogs you guys
I've blown it up thank you from the
bottom of my heart I love you I will see
you tomorrow don't forget
oh good job
