hello friends good morning getting a
very late start it's becoming a habit
now as you if you watched yesterday's
vlog and you know Keene was tko'ed sick
super sick
Burton II wasn't feeling good she's a
little better I'm taking Noah to a water
park now you get to do all the fun stuff
um none of the cars over here doesn't
look like anybody's home pretty much
lost in late I also just got my snapchat
back which is great for me so if you
want to follow me here's my name on
snapchat hit me up I do love the app
though because it's like who's calling
me right now hello hey
Kaine once an orange popsicle well then
she shall get all right I'm driving
vlogging and talking to you I'm gonna
get a lot of hate comments so I got to
go my front row parking that biatch
Britney would be like parking all the
way in the back she can't park Britney's
sick I got to do the absolute most thing
that I hate the most the most most
expiration shopping luckily we don't
need mods just the essentials you know
milk eggs bread that kind of stuff am i
gonna be here all day I can't forget the
most important reason I'm here orange
popsicles from our little man what is
the best popsicle or so many oh these
are arm
really
what is this guy sleepy let her lie
I don't need you I want you
all right we were out of there I got
everything we needed baking bread
popsicles the important stuff I think
you saw that energy drinks before I go
any further guys thank you for smashing
the new best of pranks I've always been
hesitant uploading a video like that
because I mean it's business at a point
so you want as much views as you can get
on on all your videos and when you put
up a best-of video it kind of only takes
people to that video so you'd only watch
that but it came to a point where it
like you guys just keep requesting it
people want to only watch the best parts
of lunch prices I've been on YouTube a
long time so I felt like it was time to
do that but the serious part guys thank
you for all the love I saw the likes all
the tweets all the shares and of course
I'm still trying to catch up on Twitter
and for those of you I saw I saw a lot
of you say why did you unfollow me I
haven't unfollowed anybody I think
that's a Twitter thing because when I go
to the people to say you unfollowed me
it says I'm following you so just double
check I promise you that I'm trying to
follow everybody it's just you can
imagine the timeline what it looks like
bbbb you know that's why I hate new cars
god forbid you put something that weighs
anything on your front seat and you get
to listen to your steak and beef or the
whole way I have to pull over one freaky
seatbelt my groceries in safe and sound
little groceries safe and sound I just
noticed the miles on the truck 1 2 3 4
you guys make it ok little buddies yeah
I'm back how you feeling buddy are you
feeling better
that's good you're gonna try to eat an
orange well it is a relief that you're
feeling better buddy yeah you peeling
that baby open I'm good at that how you
feeling mommy
house looks good so I'm gonna pretty
much finish up my Christmas present this
is my last teeth I feel like I've eaten
these things every day since just about
when I wanted to eat it got it all
memorized by heart
maybe maybe our frequent viewers can
help us alright guys so you guys
remember me saying that we're gonna take
a trip with you guys you're gonna come
with us of course a really fun vlog trip
this trip will be designed just for epic
vlogs we've been looking at everything
around the world I mean you name it from
Fiji to Morocco to South Africa we are
looking at Fiji but where should we
frickin go we can go just about anywhere
when you're leaving the country it's
almost all about the same price so
really we can go just about anywhere in
the world and we're going for 10 days so
we need your help what actually go and
this is a how does this you mean I was
this gonna be a million names like
Hawaii and by we're like I would love to
get a device that's crazy far I think we
have a lot of fans nearby oh yeah
100% I know terrible from there right I
know but when you can only go to one
place you got to make it count so we're
really putting a lot of time into
finding that right place and giving you
guys some sweet blogs that's what it's
all about the best thing about this
piece only takes 20 seconds to cook and
it's all done it's amazing it's the
fastest cooking pizza I think but I know
it's a joke turn the light on
yeah he does feel a lot better how was
your day have fun no went to like a big
was it a waterpark a pool he went to it
he went to a hotel today I had a pool in
it that's cool I made some killer pizza
dude homemade I just I just made it all
myself hey alright you don't go
downstairs with us no I won't glad
you're feeling a lot better
just a couple hours ago he was still
like if he if he up and down the store
in Iraq that was gonna try and vlog
while you're doing that yeah right
look so we you guys know for christmas
we got a unicycle and i'm honestly
convinced that it's impossible nobody
can do this in the entire world all this
videos or people you've seen is all fake
it's digital this is impossible
i can't even let go
first I never ever made it right there
that was that was my rubber that I
couldn't even sit on it like I literally
couldn't sit on are you doing Brian your
bike you don't have much room in this
mom or store and mommy sitting on the
steps it's really good it's like core
yeah no I'm pretty pathetic down there
on everything but I won't stop trying
I'm gonna learn how to ride that
unicycle I'm gonna do it
he can't oh man what are you guys in bed
he's never long ago good luck mommy I'm
leaving just kidding come on Noah it's
like getting a couple Tasmanian devils
to bed don't make me get the
straitjackets what are you what are you
doing Russian yeah you're doing a good
job yeah
nope put it in around first
let me help you hi guys I wanted to run
down here real quick and tell you that
I've decided that me and Annabelle are
gonna make a prank this week we are
gonna scare the crap out of some people
we're gonna take it out and make a scare
video and it's gonna be epic the idea
that I have is gonna be sick pretty
freaking scary so uh you heard it here
first we're going out and Annabelle I
assure you guys earlier this week or
last week if I should make a video with
her and everybody said yeah so it's
gonna happen that's gonna happen all
right little monsters are asleep still
have a pizza are you gonna throw don't
you gonna throw it away I hate to see it
go
awaken it's a diet finna die here I love
how you do it it just chips with
shredded cheese on it and now if you
like it's a good nightly it's bad so
that you do like so much ah stay alive
oh yeah this is my addiction okay so
cheese
the rest of our nights gonna be junk
food and TV probably gonna relax get
back on my prank go and that's what I'm
doing this week I got to get back in the
prank game you mean though that I'm
gonna take Annabel out I got an awesome
idea I'll probably show you the next day
or two what exactly what I'm doing and
hopefully go out and actually shoot it
because I gotta upload that's why I do
see my she's a civil one can never get
the middle to cook the outsides are
always cooked how do I get the middle to
cook
I thought the night was over you okay
you're a champ you made me sick I know
oh no no was throwing up guys and it's I
threw up too damn I had to take my shirt
off
well looks like we're gonna in the vlog
here you got another probably long two
nights ahead of us I love you guys
thanks for the support on these vlogs
see you tomorrow
smile more these are for like flying
spaceships to this thing I know they're
really swell y'all cool is mouses
