hey guys before I start this vlog you
may have noticed that I uploaded the
best of Roman Atwood from this year and
some of last year and a little bit of
everything it's probably the greatest
videos I've ever uploaded because it has
all my favorite videos in it so I'm
asking for your help
obviously I need your love to hit this
video as hard as you can I know the
power you guys have that's why I'm
asking if you have one minute go show
this love now I'm not just talking about
likes or stuff share this video it's the
best of all my pranks so I think you
guys are going to really like it and I
guarantee there's pranks in there that
you haven't even seen so I'm asking for
a share if you tweet it
you know I'll follow you I'm going to go
on a follow spree all day Facebook
Twitter hit it as hard as you guys can
just one minute of your time if you
don't have time I understand you know I
still love you let's start the vlog
what's up guys so I had all these epic
plans for today for us to go down race
four-wheelers shoot guns blow stuff up
but then at 2:00 in the morning last
night
Cain starts puking and every hour on the
hour Britni an hour up cleaning up you
all night
poor kid was puking
yeah so I have no idea what happened
it's just out of nowhere he just got
sick I guess so we're probably not gonna
do much day me and Noah you up there you
up there
hopefully we don't get it I'm gonna
start with a giant bowl of Cheerios
bananas by the way did anybody ever try
this because I put it in my blog the one
day just cutting up bananas and put it
in sheer he is I don't know I love it
I've done it since I was a kid I don't
know many people that do it but it's
good so I am just getting up the blog
from yesterday stuff set at public yet
and Noah is loving his new laptop huh
yeah this game looks sick so fun these
we want miss forever it's like a
real-life Minecraft I guess pretty much
you're just survival man you land in the
woods do you have the inverter is all
your stuff everything you find out in
the woods and it's really hard to see
okay I can go any basically you crashing
a plane in the middle of the woods you
crashing a plane in the middle of the
woods and that's it it's up to you to
defend thin for yourself can't play now
nice alright guys so my buddy Nell and I
are gonna bounce out of the house for a
little bit why keen and Brittany to
sleep I don't think
Britany even feels good now so I don't
know we're just going to bounce out of
there and get out of the infected the
infected house we're gonna run out
goof-off so yeah come along come along
with place is nice out today I mean it's
gray as Frick it's super gray but it's
nice it's comfortable so these are like
these are like your regular mice yeah
this is going to help you play games big
time Mouse those are a pain I hate these
mice because this is your curse arrow
and you spin it to moving around I'm
terrible with it it's not for me like
these with the balls I'm terrible with
them um so these are your regular ones
we can go look at gaming ones too for
games I'm gonna look at those too
I will make a decision after that there
these are for like flying spaceships to
put this thing maybe another really
explicitly how cool is Mouse's that's
probably too complex man there's like
1900 buttons on this thing look at this
that's the same control UFOs have that's
how they fly you those you got your
money yep alright break it out sound up
eh
did anybody guess what we have to do now
yes get yes that's right we got to stop
driving this truck well it's it's fun
cuz it's new like it's not supposed to
be our daily car but when it's new
you're excited to drive so yeah that'll
wear off soon don't go back to driving
our car the only reason I didn't bring
my car today's cuz this was blocking the
garage I think well at least I decided
to buy a truck when gas prices are at an
all-time low at least as long as I can
remember it has it been this cheap like
a dollar ninety-nine for regular it's
213 for medium that's cheap here that's
really cheap
it was 98 cents a gallon when I
graduated high school that was like a
thousand years ago
I know you were in the club in here we
just walked back home I see life I see
life humans are you guys doing good you
don't look like your dad good I got a
man up today man I got to bring everyone
back to life that's the chicken noodle
soup it's hard to be chicken noodle soup
sprite or 7up either one of those pops
bring everyone back I wanna bring
everyone back like a revived cheatcodes
that's what the super stuff is and
although the video is up for you guys
I'm cooking grilled cheese for Kane
chicken noodle soup got a pizza in the
oven for me and Noah and I'm editing
said new best of prank
so I'm multitasking here man I'm not
stopping until I get sick and then
Brittany's gonna have to vlog for me
how's the soup awesome
oh my poor little dude just threw up
right in the living room that's okay
baby we're gonna get you fixed okay
so this is our night man this is nice
all right you get to play games like to
edit fortunately for you guys it's not
that exciting but it's pretty cool
having my buddy here hanging out with me
while I edit the best of this is
probably one of the most requested
videos and I've never done it every
single year people ask for best of
videos hey I never do it I'm right now
but I feel like this year was just so
good for me that it's a great idea it's
cool to be able to watch just the best
parts of each prank instead of going
through each prank that's my opinion
plus is already a bunch of youtubers
already ripping all my videos and making
best of so I might as well have my own
best of and get back up solid yeah
perfect mm-hmm I'm gonna make some fresh
Oh Jay I don't work and then you just
put it facedown
so how much orange juice do you get with
one orange you ready
smash it got it okay squeeze the rest of
it it's always gone it's like you got
just over two ounces just over two
ounces out of a whole orange so it takes
a lot of oranges to make one full glass
now I just drink that beak mammoth kid
just drink it out there wow we have
warped past a lot of time tonight I've
been editing those been playing games on
his computer now it's time is this what
you're sleeping
but of me we ugh dude I love you I love
you more
yeah I love you Joe that's it
good night man guys it is hard flogged
today man
between having to work to put up this
video and everyone's sick I've been in
and out of there um I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm trying I really am
I never seen this much frickin puke in
my life my eyes are just watering from
it's like every 10 minutes it can't be
nothing left inside of him this is the
worst guys I absolutely have to in this
vlog I can't be vlogging anymore tonight
Caine is absolute mess it's it's been a
living nightmare especially for Brit
she's sick too
and Here I am trying to vlog and upload
videos and I got to cut it off today I
love you guys please please be up one
minute go share the new upload on the
main prank channel it's like the best of
all my pranks it's the best video I've
ever uploaded because it has all of them
in it if you have one minute please
everyone that shares this prank of
course I'm gonna go on a follow spree on
Twitter share it on Twitter Facebook
everywhere you can for me I love you
guys thank you I will see it here's for
hope smile more um hello it gives me are
you on drugs disgusting like do y'all
gotta be riding on me while y'all
kissing on each other really you
