what's up guys welcome to the beautiful
Bahamas one of my favorite things to do
in the whole world is be in this ocean
so my start today's but it's a little
windy and I'm on a GoPro so forgive me
very crazy environment over here we're
basically gonna just jump right in this
OSHA to see if we can get some cool
shots of anything living in beautiful I
here so let's go let's jump in let's
gear up the family is already out there
they beat me probably can't see them
they're all the way out at that point
see if I can catch up and that's fun I'm
gone here you got your beverage
we came up pretty far the mainland's
over there that was absolutely amazing
the octopus was the highlight tell me if
you guys saw him he was so camouflage he
was able to change white to red to green
unbelievable a lot more cloudy than ever
I've never seen it this cloudy here so
still rolling GoPro switch still am I go
for all my switch to the vlog cam I
gotta go get it
I got a pee really bad and everybody's
really holding your Burnie right now is
got lobster tail too 420 ops turtle
yeah I am I'm gonna switch up to my
actual vlog camera because I have no
idea what this even looks like maybe
it's unusable I'm young fun I love you
right guys switch it from the GoPro to
the vlog here I hope you're having a
great day my favorite way to start a day
is in that ocean snorkel and seeing
things that I don't get to normally see
on a daily basis you good better you go
right there boom hey just coming back in
hey what's up baby
remember years years ago I caught a crab
and I scared you with it me and the kids
that's that that's where I got the crab
right there on those right mom and dad
up here making deals making scoring some
deals do you get some goodies some hot
sauce homemade
oh my rice no buds wrapped in newspaper
it's hot okay
so we are going to a place called
Bernie's and die it's down here like
this little shack made out of pallets
and sticks with the tarp funds on them
but he's got the best food and this is
super cool because it's low tide right
now what you mean all the water comes
out this way and the beach basically
starts here so the kids can play in all
of this area and all I can think about
guys I swear every time I see this is
the xmax going full-speed out into that
Caribbean whoa
hey buddy Shin is gone guys where the
ocean go it's like you're hired in but
you guys building are you guys trying to
live out here volcano thing this is cool
man Kane how cool with the RC truck be
out here okay hey I'm gonna run up here
alright I almost have to start traveling
with RCS cuz I old man imagine guys this
would be so cool you have this big like
runway and then with the paddle tires
just hitting that water always find the
family up here look what you find what
day are you serious doing good back at
Bernie's house moving on up my man
Bernie I hope Darrell you'll kill my
whole family you get shark bait man
everything is ready I'm gonna get wait
what you recommend I think you getting
wet okay so a lot of you guys may not
know this but before this trip country
country started scuba classes so that we
could go scuba diving on this trip so on
this trip it is not country his new name
sharkbait whoo ha ha she uh she's we
just woke up this morning and there's no
water
it's crazy look at this home the ground
look you can tell there used to be water
there now it's just an it's just crazy
dude
oh you can't feeling that way amazing
here the family's having a blast like we
can all kind of do our own thing and
everyone's having fun together the boys
are playing Emily's about to eat some
good food oh you know it's crazy
yesterday I forgot to put it in the law
the amount of glass and bottles and
trash in this ocean is insane man like
whoa just found this right here but
yesterday I was snorkeling and I found
just me and Dale found this huge pile
like it's destroyed
serving me even today I found like
bottles everywhere and it's so sad man
like we've Dale and I no joke talked
about getting bags coming out and just
cleaning bottles you could spin the
whole day just picking up bottles right
here on this Beach crazy did you see a
lot of bottles it's crazy
I'll get the weak one
I'll get the weak one he's too strong
hey cheese let's get a picture like a
nice a nice photo a nice picture thank
you guys you look amazing
take a picture did it go oh it's video
you are such a mom right now you're such
a mom mom swim can mom swim I
know you're going out there to country's
got barbecue on the way he's hungry
get this boy some food here's a pretty
interesting sign changing room free to
watch two dollars alright so we've eaten
we're gonna play a game how do you
release this this is cool okay so the
wood blocks this is awesome you guys you
probably seen the game Kinect for no and
I are gonna take it on blue what color
you want to be blue usually when you say
what do you want to be blue influencers
yeah I'll be blue but he said yeah
Connect four go for it
hi when you remember some neat
connection it can be diagonal like that
or sideways we go one go first
rock-paper-scissors one two three shoot
one two three shoot to see who goes
first 1 2 3 shoot
1 2 3 shoot
your first alright I'm yellow I'm yellow
wait are you yellow hi I'm blue I'm
blonde blue here we go Shh
won't eat it okay he's gonna drop in
beside me III I'm gonna go three boom no
pressure boy feel some strategic moves
needin to happen here he's already -
neat - - - - who's gonna win guys ah
they're not even on my team have to stop
him right there boom eat it I just
blocked your whole goal what do you mean
dang it you're doing great I'm gonna go
well I have no choice ah okay alright
stop me okay
alright I see I see the light I see the
light I just stopped you're I know what
you were doing one two three four
you didn't even see it you get a 100
you're in a bad spot right now you're in
a bad spot right now your country's
yelling your name over there oh hi baby
you got any pointers for me you got any
pointers for me and this is tough okay
alright this is my move right here I
gotta get this diagonal one two three
I'm just gonna tell you this if you drop
it right there I went yep I win if you
drop it there is if he dropped it here
I'd go there and then I have the
diagonal right so I'm basically trying
to trap him to go there if he goes there
I win and if I go let's just fill this
slot it's full no more no more moves
there oh you have to stop me now now I
go victorious
one two three four I forced it good game
son you know one day you gotta beat me
over and over and over so right now I'm
just gonna play with your mirror get it
it's our vacation right here
warping back to the room just get out of
the shower feeling fret I'm definitely
getting some Sun even though there
wasn't much Sun today look at that
that's red that is super red all right
dude it got dark so fast going to catch
up with a family I lost everybody I
think I hear literally I can hear them
but I can't see them somewhere over here
there's Kane hey boy you need shoes
alright let's go back in your shoes that
whole thing about me coming I was just
false alarm
let's let's go back real rocket jump
ready three two one oh you come out of
nowhere you funk yeah alright all
cleaned up it feels I'm amazing after
being out on the sand and the salt to
get a shower
I love Commerce I love we both wear the
same shoes even know how these shoes
will put them on nightmare all they're
too tight readjustment like 45 minutes
to get on Josh get out of here with
those shoes boy how does that mind like
preset so you literally just just slip
them on like slippers yeah he's like
that it's a secret man he's gone thanks
for nothing dad and the whole family's
taken over the shuffleboard horseshoe
arena who's winning the match I took
grand champ versus Gilly Gill how did
you take grand chimin play one I didn't
even lay you at the time of the tuck
there's always new players in the game
right I like that I like that I'm coming
maybe of course to be reckoned with but
right now either
what you guys really throwing it out
here take one shower and you guys just
completely is that what you're doing
yeah I saw you when the Sun was up can
you make it all the way down there okay
alright close close close my turn first
push through the night what you got yeah
clean that off for me bro clean that off
for me okay I didn't make it either
maybe you hit a little harder give it
all you got Cain give it all you got
there you go you're gonna block me
Oh nobody scores all right dude it's
zero zero that's right warm-up that was
warmup let's go back let's do it again
we only got two and two because the
other ones are missing I think you're
supposed to have three or through my
cane I watch out down there I'm going
for the win
okay okay see I can give it hard dude
you gotta push hard come back to the
back of your Pole
there you go I'm mad that's a long way
Eddie help me wait you want oh did we
get our first point I think we did was
split it because that was both of us
I'll help you ready set go
Oh land on point I'm the best dad Avenue
Oh both on points double kick one behind
the back I want to hear it out of your
mouth best dad ever
Oh universe well the best dad game I
love you guys
taking the challenge bro you taking a
challenge if I score if I'm on the board
and on the first go I'm gonna be happy
you only created this challenge because
I got it where were you from the red
alright that's how I did it you stand on
them and it's just it's like the flick
of the wrist with the flick of the ankle
the flick of the angle watch out guys
Ryan I need you off the board Brian I
need you off are you gonna want to
stretch tough hang on
shuffleboard enthusiasts this is it this
is the new game this is a shuffle feet
shuffle foot nobody's even watching when
I did it was an accident
hang on hang on there's a little girl oh
I just saved your life Liza off the
runway there's a plane landing here
there's gonna be a plane
you've got my nerves just to shake it up
now I don't think I'm gonna be able to
do this yeah I think you got this not in
the way there it is yo you got one I
think you got one I thought it was good
not been there I would have crushed it
mmm that's a victory
I'm so sorry bro oh never really double
foot game you stand on it and you flip
okay I created something the goal is to
land those two on that tree down there
just like this I'll break your nose it's
not about ten points whether you hit or
not there you go it's an exclamation I'm
going for the guarantee I'm ready for
kids to go how many
for a kid building brian's it oh okay
you might uh it was closed roaming in i
but i guess i should have mentioned
whoever loses has to pay for dinner so
no pressure you guys have fun out there
we're going to Pier one era so I'm in a
good spot here we go the final flick Oh
looking good but not enough power
unfortunately it was kind of weak
twinkle feet down there in those shoes
on maybe you're not more power it looked
adorable though when you kiss I didn't
have shoes on I should have a second go
go giving chase a second shot here first
one was just so cute there you go
alright watch the power your nails are
gonna peel off okay alright Oh double
points what is that that's an eight
sixteen good job at second place I would
go I would well I just kind of feel like
I should stop watch out some boys all
right let's go follow the pucks down for
you guys ready send it Roman send it
send it oh he got one pull to them yeah
pulled something that one okay come on
over
yeah pulls that mean game over in
eighteen perfect eighteen yes mom's
karaoke oh let's go we gotta catch
this Brittany's mom gets behind a mic is
pretty special it's a good time usually
she's got a baby
country she needs backup she needs
backup get up there get up there look
the girls are going
we cut the cord did it country Jenny
country still going on it's the one
they're doing great they're good they're
braver than me I'm not up there oh my
gosh you really went for it I'm proud
again no I'm proud of you he had the
camera army you were to notice every
time I open up the same Britney was just
giving me the elbow just get up here and
sing we go give it to us you got this
you owe him 20 bucks chase that's the
singsong 20 bucks chase got to pick the
songs never seen this before excited to
see your husband up there rocking out
he's got this hey man no pressure
nobody's watching it's just you huh
never seen country music come on maybe
next time
that boys got chords that boy can sing
that boy can sing Gilley get everyone
that was really good really tip it Brit
get it Brit all right guys warming back
and I think that I'm not actually this
red maybe I am this red I don't know
thank you guys so much for hanging out
with this day a great day we're kind of
bouncing into the night it is bedtime
we're all gonna pass out this Wednesday
I'm super pumped it is the first episode
my first episode of Roman outwits
daydreams comes out come out Wednesday
along with a vlog so it'll be two videos
on Wednesday one is the show and one
will just be my vlog here with the
family
it will also be totally free to you guys
to check out this Wednesday so I hope
you get a chance to watch it that's all
I have for you today
I love you guys so much you are
beautiful you are one-of-a-kind say
goodbye see you tomorrow guys smama
you
