so keen hasn't seen if Santa came yet
race you santa came good morning from
the at was actually gonna say good
morning today because it is early okay
what the heck did you get alright i'll
be easier with shoes on huh
you sleep good last night are you too
busy thinking about Christmas this is me
that does that sanfur guess oh wow it's
a bomb you know some stocking so that's
the fun stuff
Silvana Merry Christmas
I can't believe you been up all night of
that charge charging stuff yes how you
know kids need it that was like there's
only these two and then all that walk
some kind of fancy lock lock puzzle I
thought pizza was the real gift I was
happy with that what do you think we
definitely need well when you said
you're like the front tire sings low it
was like perfect
so I get well keeps your brains from
spilling out
you know what we're gonna do with those
no I think I got enough to go all the
way from the balcony down to the floor
so we can race our cars all the way from
upstairs is that cool
we'll build that we'll build that later
reshot yeah you like I got like a month
ago is the hardest thing to keep secret
I swear this is for you where did you
get this that's cool that's cool
see okay fire starter
what is it though you're welcome dude
it's like a beast
let me see you can let me see now you
can do the skateboard ramp no he's got a
helmet on I can throw you around you
know how hard it was not to give these
gifts
Arlie sure I kept the receipt this in
case I didn't know if you'd like it or
not anyway I love it I wanted a pair
these so that I've almost bought these
for myself oh I know I love it thank you
baby
so now I got the bomb.com gaming laptop
this thing looks pretty sick I've never
honestly seen or played with a
touchscreen laptop I did I really don't
even know they existed I've seen them
but I mean it's so sweet look at this
just touch
it's just like an iPhone or uh yeah
that's so cool you can take the whole
screen off that's crazy it's like a
giant iPad do it everyone on that thing
just stay out at the CIA a secret base
well we need to make some space for this
stuff for about a month every single
week Britney's like let's go in let's
see if they got iPhone 6 but we both
wanted a 6 plus when they came out and
it's I've had them for a month so her
not to just open them cuz I wanted one
to put up your face I see means a while
ago actually the guys on my movie set
were wearing them in between shoots
they're the wireless wireless earbuds
it's genius
everything should be Wireless yeah it's
pretty good yeah but it just goes around
your neck yeah doesn't go to you it
doesn't plug into your stuff I'm sure
you guys have seen these yeah well you
edit every single day that's like I
don't know if these could be for editing
to your lockup right maybe I don't know
oh man Brittany's mom brought cinnamon
rolls for us a hundred it's weird with
you walk around floor Cameron and Kane
let's see some tricks did do your slide
thing you're crazy
yeah oh I know what fer you're Roman in
your Noah Kane's living on his bike just
like I did Santa brought us a unicycle
guys so I gotta learn how to do this now
Oh a new model room to be in your old
room
eat the money here so my mom and dad
just stopped by real quick to drop off
some stuff and then they're gonna come
back later tonight with my brother his
wife and kids and more family stuff for
now we got the house to ourselves
I'm thinking I need a shower I'm still
wearing the same t-shirt as I wore
yesterday is why I know I'm gonna set up
the track you want to set it up
let's take you all the way upstairs
daddy's gonna do it by himself
hey you go get a bunch of cars Hey
I must start building this track you get
a bunch of cars and go upstairs actually
I should probably build it upstairs and
just let it come down yeah gonna help
build this track maybe leave my mind
I'll do all this new Christmas stuff and
you plant something odd for a year I'm
just playing I know it's it's helped me
connect these together huh oh yeah yeah
you did
keep giving me more
oh this is gonna be so rude I don't even
think it's gonna like go down does it
gets longer you can pull it further that
way shit are you doing what did you put
on that couch
oh man explosion are you gonna hold it
don't let go of it okay don't let go of
it
it's way longer than I expected
you got it don't let go yeah that's a
long track we gotta get rid of the humps
send the car down let's see if I got it
a little better just so steep coming out
of that whoa there we go here's the
floor they're not even a loop
you got your gifts in there alright this
is the hard part
the hard part of every Christmas Noah
goes to his mother's it was really nice
yeah actually yeah Joby Christmas yeah
I'll see you tomorrow
have fun alright so Noah is off to his
mom's it's the hardest part of most
holidays is that you know it's only fair
that we both get to be with our with our
boys so but it's all good we're used to
it not nothing new I'm gonna finally get
cleaned up get a nice shower clean my
body there graphic and they brought
gifts oh my gosh to me presents this
year boy who wants the way I say we open
all the presents yeah I'm open I'm all
you guys gonna watch me hey I like your
hat dude all right you can fight it's
Rock'em Sock'em but you can move them
around deliberate jail got me look how
awesome that is
check it out it's like everything you do
need that man yeah you guys remember the
funny boxes Dale got me he got me
another it's he I arm forearm look at
that then you can old coffee do cell
phones put your lunch on there
everybody's taking this handyman stuff a
little too far this year I got a whole
bag of tools from Dale it's either that
they believe in me or they're just sick
of doing all my work thank you guys so
good on you
it matches your eyes and hair how's it
look guys this looks the best I'm sure
it's rhomin oh my cameras in black and
white that's beautiful yeah check that
out with sister made it I love the mouth
the door that cute I love it do you
actually eat these yep totally edible
every piece well I know but do you eat
them oh my gosh I hope you eat that
thing what do you need to flip it oh god
what's that noise my mom and dad got me
some juggling pins so I have to pin not
know how to do this long
ladies my mum and dad got me and my
brother a real squeezer man Caruth so
we're gonna be making some fresh drinks
this is our first attempt put this baby
on here I guess
you need one of our ready oh my gosh
it's so easy
quite literally nope nothing destroys it
you can hear my mouth water okay how
much juice do you get out of orange oh
mylanta oh my gosh
you can never buy one cheese again
that's City orange means killing the
oranges all right you can help me
squeeze them that's squeezing a lemon
right now oh wow
that's our I know it is something that
makes my mouth water just thinking about
it tastes so good when you add sugar
though they have a real battle punches I
got them backwards
I'm in on this one
this is not even half of the trash oh my
god
Sansa trashbag santa is coming to town
Santa suga trash town deliver gifts then
the night after he should come pick up
all them then recycle it you should
recycle it okay guys so after Christmas
it's actually trash day tomorrow so this
place has been hit man anyways let me
show you how much trash yeah that is a
ton of trash I know you can't see it but
it's a lot thanks for driving me down
the driveway Kane good job man
I would not have wanted to carry all
that that just witnessed a real Atwood
Christmas right here look at this house
this who is growling growling how'd you
even find that that's it guys that's our
Christmas I'm not even sure what I vlog
today I honestly just remember grabbing
the camera camera so randomly cuz I was
just in the midst of it with the family
and kids and so I hope I hope it's okay
I do not remember what I felt really not
what are you cracking open a bottle what
key Andy hey that's cool that would
break first cork I don't know I think
that when you save corks you may have a
tendency to drink more wine so that you
could add quarts know if it's a good
thing
alright guys I'm gonna end the vlog of
course the question of today is what did
you get for Christmas
alright
we got too much stuff our hot wheels
check didn't go over as good as I
thought it would those are for juggling
thanks for the love this year guys
you've been amazing and we're blessed to
have you so thank you we love you we
will see you tomorrow don't forget to
smile more and tell me what you got for
Christmas I want to know I bet it's a
bunch of I phones and ps4 is an Xbox
isn't cool stuff all right guys we love
you thanks so much again we'll see you
tomorrow
smile
this is our night right here trick
