Merry Christmas my friends I know it's
Christmas Eve for me but if you're if
you're watching this at the time I
upload it then it is Christmas and I
just want to say Merry Christmas
I hope it's perfect I hope you're with
your family your friends and your happy
man smile
it's beautiful Damon you woke up on
Christmas Day what a what a what a tree
I'm getting really late start to the
vlog today guys I'm not gonna lie I'm
headed to pick up Noah right now from
his mother
so that he can spend Christmas with his
daddy I'm super pumped about that but
we're home hey there hey looks good
homemade homemade apple pie moonshine
tastes like apple pie and this custom
spicy mustard the he makes cleaning away
get ready for the holidays get this
house back into order like it used to be
not that it's messy but you know excited
for Christmas did ya are you excited
what I'm freaking excited out of this
house my boys been too bad I came come
here
you guys remember the vlog where Noah
took his hand and he put paint on it and
then put it on the ornament well they
just finished on Owen's come on man I
know I hit okay look oh that's okay let
me see that's adorable I love it this
one's notice right there yeah that is a
great idea yeah if you guys want to make
a little snowman ornaments just paint
the hands grab the ornament and paint on
them I am about to eat one of my
Christmas presents from Brittany's mom
got me a couple days ago she got me a
bunch of pizzas for Christmas and I'm
cooking one right meow hey boys boys do
you want some pizza huh
yeah Kane you think you're tough boy you
think you're tough
I'll come up here and get you Denton
Denton Denton Denton Denton oh my god
looks so good just get out a shower
mm-hmm
oh man leave that pizza served can't get
your butt down here right now
get out of here Santa Claus is watching
we got barbecue chips
we got chips and salsa we got ya
tortilla chips barbeque chips chips and
salsa how do you guys like my Christmas
present huh good dose of that pizza for
lunch and I'm not gonna lie guys the
next two days is probably just going to
be us chilling at home doing nothing are
you growling about little cat me lots of
playing tomorrow if Santa decides to
stop by this house you don't think he
will you think Santa's gonna come so now
that the kids are upstairs and they are
busy there's nothing in here person
sitting out here on Christmas gifts so
we can bring them in and get them
wrapped you know stuff Santa doesn't
bring but there's nothing in your trunk
it's so nasty out it's like opposite of
Christmas it's rainy windy muddy here
that's the most painful rash toward uh
uh get some wd-40 so now we've just got
a sort gifts we got like mom and dad's
gifts and family gifts my brothers yes
and some kids gifts and if you're a
parent then I know that you were up all
night wrapping gifts every year
I wish Santa would just come and wrap
all this stuff for us this Konrad's
present you know wrap it do you
interrupt it for him
these are awesome check them out you got
these little finger paddles like Rock'em
Sock'em robots but you get to move them
around yeah knock them out I bet when
Conrad opens this tomorrow we can play
with it yeah now you know it's Christmas
time well we got the Christmas movies on
I had to turn the fireplace off as hot
in here Britney's wrapping tomorrow's
gifts for my brother's kids and we'll be
wrapping all night I'm sure sure of it
but we're going with jingle all the way
one of my favorites it was up between
these for all good movies we got to get
home alone in this collection that's for
sure it's so windy out like this so then
get it on film
hey guys I think we got a magic carpet
trapped under these propane tanks
this is our night right dude
Santa frit Christmas movies and laziness
actually Britney's been wrapping gifts
got the whole pile done we just worked
through the whole movie
that movie was two seconds long
according to this vlog so Jane Jane
listen mister come here are you ready
for tomorrow what an exciting time man
guys remember being that young what a
dreamy dreamy time I think mommy's
getting cookies ready let's go check it
out hey are you ready for Santa hey
daddy will rock you boy all right let me
turn this TV off like a rock concert you
how you gonna turn it off
that close here this one yeah yeah come
on that's what it what you guys makin
you guys you made cookies just for Sam
out here even gets her Sam plates
where's the milk in there oh my gosh
okay that's good good I can't
believe you just did that
yeah how many cookies does Santa eat
yeah - how that cane sneaks out eats all
these cookies what I said a bit
I bet candle come on eat all these
cookies telephony how many reindeer are
there 12 there twelve reindeer oh my
gosh that's a lot of carrots one each
what if everybody left carrots for Santa
and cookies for the reindeer with the
reindeer get big and fat and Santa would
get things but what if we reversed the
plates
Santa be looking good next year all fan
yeah that's for Santa here get carrot
let me you idea uh this is for Santa hi
cuz it is cuz he travels fellow rules
he travels all night to take presents
all over the whole world and when he
gets here he needs a snack he's gonna be
hungry so uh we're come here come here
imagine waking up tomorrow morning
coming out here looking over this rail
and looking at all the presents did your
brain just exploded hopefully there are
presents I hope you were good this year
dude it's all I got to say getting a
monkey a shower
ah dude are you ready for Christmas yep
really yeah I only waited like 365 days
since the last time I don't know did I
remember being your age it was most
exciting times of my life
Christmas was hard to sleep it was hard
to eat it was hard to think what do you
want to get for Christmas what do you
hope what are you hoping for Barbies
yeah mm-hmm
pink dresses I Love You Man only time
will tell
what whatever happens tomorrow sleep
great okay you guys better set up your
Christmas present
I will we'll get that done quick all
right guys
forgive me if you were expecting an
exciting vlog today but it doesn't get
any more real than this this is me and
my family this is what we're actually
doing I'm not faking anything here this
is us this is just us at our house doing
our thing we got a lot to do tonight
Britney's trying to get came to sleep
lights still on I just got no in bed and
we got a lot to do tonight so uh I'll
bring you along hang out with us I wish
I could have got something for my fish
for Christmas what would you get a fish
they put up with a lot around here they
get the witness a lot of stuff Merry
Christmas guys Merry Christmas
okay so we're just sitting here wrapping
you guys remember these I got this truck
to go from the ceiling all the way down
to the living room
it's the Hot Wheels track I think I'm
more excited my kids will be about this
and that we're almost done we're just
wrapping away so yeah exciting are you
done honey
wait for Sarah to come now that chiminey
us well Dylan when he does by god I'm
gonna finally catch him really mean 31
years shh shh
I can't let Santa come on all right guys
I thought I'd have more for you tonight
but the tree is kind of a secret so we
will show you that tomorrow morning when
we wake up for Christmas the kids are
gonna go crazy and Merry Christmas to
you guys because right now it's
Christmas Merry Christmas we love you
thanks for watching all year we will see
you tomorrow don't forget smile more
what could you get with 14 cents okay
I'm trying to get a nice gift for 14
cents hey Jimmy what you guys joking I
mean this is all
