what's up what's up good morning my
friends oh the boss what is in that box
we're gonna open this box today but for
now we gotta go it's gonna happen I'm
gonna start my day with some Chinese
yummy I mean that's the name of the
place
yummy yummy Here I am about to enjoy
some Chinese food and Brittany brings
somewhere into a Chinese place what are
you thinking that goes against all rules
one day you're gonna like Chinese you're
gonna like it we're gonna enjoy it
together okay until then enjoy your
little sobbing alright you guys are
about to witness a second time Britney's
ever tried Chinese this is legendary
stuff
Soha what is happening
it's kind of just from engineer like
rubber rubber see the texture I don't
like the texture that's not forever
leather that's for sure
and it's like my favorite it's almost
Christmas and we've only got a couple
more people to buy for I got my brother
and my dad there's always every single
year since I was born
the last two that I buy for us to the
hardest to buy for it's impossible to
buy gifts for these two so we're out
today trying to do that and now we're
just we're just talking about having fun
relaxing I'm just gonna tell you I'm
just gonna show you
I sit Britney in the gas station
I sit her in the gas station to get
energy drinks cuz I'm too ashamed it's
ringing
I knew it was gonna rain for Christmas
it's just be warm all week we're not
gonna get we're not gonna get snow
unless we get a Christmas miracle
so we've noticed one thing is really
hard to park this truck we're not used
to a truck and every time we go to part
look look you don't know where your
bumper is you have no idea I always back
in because it's got the camera in the -
so you can see exactly where you're at
tons of space look at that the weather
outside sucks so bad
leave this bringing a scold serious
Clark Brittany's been wanting it cane a
sweeper
he loves sweeping he takes it's like a
lawn mower push thing and he snows
beside me when I sweep I think you just
said you sweep this is where Adam
Sandler the click click movie click I
only get one of them universe remotes so
I can mute things password retain a
little different you got to figure out
what fits to make the animal he's gonna
throw that across the room full speeds
three gets frustrated that doesn't fit
boom hurricane hurricane stop by sucks
we can't show you guys anything we're
getting no because he watches the blogs
every day so it's all secret it's all
secret but Britney and I we're gonna
split up baby and split up with you I'm
sorry I hate to inform you of that no no
we're just looking around okay well we
can't do filming in the store oh really
yeah
okay it's one of those things meeting up
with Chase mother-effing Gilroy I can't
get in bro I can't get in what's up
homie
yeah I'm not allowed to film in the
store like it'll love me more like now
he just knows I'm gonna take it all his
ideas go over to China remanufacture it
duplicate it come here
sell it cheaper and put him out of
business oh that's just my quick scheme
that's why I was filming in there so
Gill and I ran up to Easton and I had to
split away from Britt for a little while
so she has a Christmas present I know
Santa's not gonna bring all her gifts so
I need to come out and get her a couple
little things do that
okay before we fight this battle of the
most busy season to go shopping
Gill and I are gonna have a little drink
Cheers to the battle it is stressful
iron man but after this I genuinely fell
down the steps god I wish I don't film
coming in it so slow you know
it's nights like this I'm glad it's not
snowing cause we're out and about but it
it's just not the same without snow man
everyone out west is like who do we
never get snow less you're north it will
snow Christmas Day nope for a little bit
no I'm not gonna stick or anything nope
all right let's go inside this busy mall
what's up dude what's your name you are
eat your egg or he goes back there
different blogs looks like they're just
giving stuff away on a smaller man
he was supposed to go
is this your mom oh yeah she's your
photographer yeah all right let's do
this
say cheese Merry Christmas if anybody
wants to see Santa
enjoy the line all the way back okay
you gotta be my dog you got me she's so
shy
are you the prankster on YouTube it's
like ice skate in there man
it's not easy finally gift for 14 cents
what could you get with 14 cents I'm
trying to get a nice gift for 14 cents
what I mean this is all I have what
what's up I don't put you my blog okay
she's a small more soldier huh in the
hood trying to fill it with gas so I'm
trying to find a Christmas gift for 14
cents what can you buy for 40 I'm trying
to figure out what they're only a baby
but they're a penny I think those things
moving up to a quarter you know I'll
take all the watches all of them just
give them all to me
you know I've been looking for gifts all
night for my brother and my dad so hard
why not come to a men's place look at
the size of these canoes that thing is
so big that's what she said
anyways Field & Stream this place is
like designed for guys that like to be
outdoors so why not look they even got
guys on their poster poorly morally is
that real size that's real dude that
would make me poop my pants
I think I'm charging at me imagine
thanks brother
thank you man I was just kissing the
booth you know I can't believe I was
just like shocked that's a real size
moves everything on these walls are real
except for the
simple I see the horns on come on who's
gonna fit in these tents you tell me
little dog I guess your puppy get in
there
Oh your arms gonna sleep good tonight
Paul it's just for your head dude it is
500 bucks for your head to sleep nice
watch the vlogs yeah no you don't watch
them he don't if you don't watch them do
you watch them I do
he's I've been over his place he's been
showing me we came in to one last store
Walmart guys I've never seen anything
like this it looks like Armageddon
I have never seen shelves like this in
my life are you working here oh mylanta
this place hit
Boulder like it'd be easier to bulldoze
this building rebuild it then the fix-it
is destruction listen listen I just need
to know how to get out of here I just
want to go home thanks for all thank you
yo I want to buy everything in the store
you better put that it'll slide right up
on there we need this sorry I can't
- I swear oh she's too conscious ookay
you're gonna be my vlog all right what's
up fam it's your mom
I would have never guessed I'd never get
guys are awesome you ready for Christmas
or what so there's people about catching
things on fire out here dude is me but
seen nothing like my life that was like
being on another planet inside there and
we don't know where we parked
oh yeah there's people yelling do this
gunfire we just magically work back to
chases thank God - man what an
adventurer
yeah no it's over
all right guys like I do best i warp
places and i just warped home and i know
that a lot of you are still waiting to
see what's inside this box and I'm dying
to show you
so if you miss yesterday's vlog then you
missed me telling you that I was gonna
open this box today I got this box from
Warner Brothers and they sent me
something really cool it's really
freaking creepy actually so I want to
show you guys and I made your way today
but it's gonna be worth it I think I
hope so you ready to open this there we
go
are you ready I've already opened it so
it's so creepy any guesses anybody
anybody know what this is no there's no
way all right here we go here we go oh
oh my god does anybody know what this is
oh this is the actual Annabelle doll
from the movie the actual doll used in
the movie this is her this isn't a
replica this is the actual doll and it's
scary oh my god thing it's like
porcelain and you can control its head
oh honey you go downstairs and get me
something oh yeah guys so this is what
this is actually really cool to have the
actual movie prop here is it's pretty
neat she's she's super she's super cool
she's very well made I mean if she like
looks into your mind so yeah you guys
know where my mind goes what can I do
with this doll
I think she's extremely worthy of a
prank I just don't know what I can do
with her she's she's hard to she doesn't
stand on her own like I have her on a
lamp right now I even show you guys on
the steps she's she doesn't have a stand
so she's she's she doesn't stand she's a
doll so basically I can only control her
head and stuff like that so I'm not sure
what I'm gonna be able to do with her if
I can't do anything with it like even
put her in a box and leaving her
downstairs in my house it's pretty
freakin creepy I'm scared to even show
the kids she's pretty awesome though
all right feels really good to be back
up here go ahead and go ahead and lock
that door I'm not even kidding I'm the
ebee jeebies
all right guys yes that's what was in
the box um I think it's really freakin
cool as a prankster I think she is epic
and I want to know in the comments
should me and Annabelle pull a prank
that's the only thing I want you to say
today should be an Annabelle pull a
prank that's all I got for you guys
today thank you for all the likes on
these vlogs you guys have you've changed
my life with these it's unbelievable
it's amazing so thank you for that and I
will see you tomorrow
don't forget smile more
fix clearly won the race
