good morning friends we are ready to
roll out almost ready to roll out
Brittany is wrapping a monster box this
is uh she got her mom like a case of
steaks like frozen steaks really good
steaks burgers sausage yeah it's in this
big styrofoam cooler I think they're
gonna I mean we're not gonna know
something in the floor that's actually
cold and then every state every item
inside the cooler is wrap she wrapped
everything right guys out the door get
out beat it
move scram let's go it's time to go we
are off to Brittany's mother's for
Christmas today we are kind of getting
the family out because I told everyone
years and years ago that if I ever
bought my own house in my house that
first year I'm not leaving for Christmas
I want to sit at home and do nothing and
that's just what we're doing so
basically we're going and getting we're
going to hang out with family now so the
Christmas Day we're gonna relax kids and
just hang out for
and you know what I also didn't how many
of you notice that when I open the vlog
this morning I said good morning
yeah because it's like they're not it's
not morning when they're watching it
it's just a half a doll now I'm trying
to break it I had a lot of questions are
you blogging today yeah first
you just did
you gotta MA what you got em all
no problem no problem watch this they
just some of them I open when they fall
I should have known I'd find you guys
here
Wow this hey boy Zeus yeah over here lay
down baby let's see
you guys both act like you see me I know
she even said something her sisters
president and Zeus is present just
temple yes it's just tennis balls yeah
that's okay we can we can do it so if
you guys want to watch Rick I'm guessing
kids is gonna be the best no it came to
me and he said that him and his mom have
done this before but you can pretty much
get everybody with this gift yeah
explain okay so you have this box and
that would be a hole through this and
this the box
and then so your phone process it fit
through it and then you would go up to
someone around Christmas or their
birthday say I got you a present
and open it and then you know you're in
there you know kids let's try let's try
it out so long story short you just cut
a hole in the bottom so that your thumb
goes through and then when you open the
box there's a thumb inside and you can
even wiggle it open this it's your
sister's it mine my assets they're funny
and then we're cut towards yourself like
I just did I wonder if I should have
done it way up here see if we can scare
some kids today we're gonna amp it up a
little bit all I have to catch up for
blocks so let's do this I used too much
good fries what's up dudes
hey you guys got to see the president I
got Noah calling mostly the president
got Noah its Austin's right here check
it out yeah it's little but it's cool I
got him a real okay show him no that is
it's a real thumb touch it what do you
think game I chase them with it that's
usually what I do when my friends fail
Frank only gets better when you chase it
with it you weren't close
can't lasso me this used to be
Brittany's room a long time ago their
bedroom though and she still got the
roses I got her hanging out what was
that from what I'm gonna wash it up yes
what's it up he's still scared of it is
it pretty cool yes you should get your
dad with it is he here don't you wanna
get your dad with it no oh you don't
want yeah what the heck could this be
anybody got any ideas
like a lot a P yeah you know what I
think it is a blow-dryer I think it's a
blow-dryer no oh you know what I know
what it is
it's a deck of cards no really you guys
we'll see we'll see
looks like what oh you're crazy
she's good tom Oh Pam my favorite chase
my second favorite cheesy potatoes green
bean casserole another delicious lunch
dinner with some of my favorite people
especially you my mom Jane's over there
struggling barely in Brittany do
Brittany Brittany's almost a clean plate
or you got this you got this champ I
know we worked on this all day you can
do it you can clean that plate it looks
like she's going out there and she's
really making a half on guys let's give
it up for hey all I go I'm plate threes
primary in a minute but I never gained a
pound
he just keeps that feminine voice
forever bring in the hooligans
hey does anybody want open presents
come on stole this necklace from mom oh
come on
lots of presents this is way too much
I'll tell you what this is this is the
best wrapping I've ever seen
I know weird I know just where to take
this the ramps he's claiming as his own
they're opening their cooler full of
presents turn it over everybody's tired
of us using paper plates I take it just
we're getting a lot of dishes a lot of
people getting us dishes this year
everyone's really buying into this
handyman thing got me a nice new hammer
baby we're here at the International
Speedway where Noah at we will take on
Carson Gilroy here we go
first one to 10 Ready Set remember it's
all about steady ready set go and the
race is on blacks off the track get it
get it get it
someone needs to fix that guardrail
there you go
we took it this is me this is the
aftermath of Brittany's mom throwing
cheesecake at me you're not not a piece
the whole pie looks you bad but my phone
got my my phone got it the worst yeah
what you cleaning up oh yeah we just got
back home and that's from that big
cooler we gave her parents today it had
it had the logo of the company on it and
I shaved it off so they wouldn't know
what they were getting
I was pretty pretty crafty unless that
it's the stupidest story I've ever told
you anyways we're home we're gonna get
some cleaning done the house doesn't we
clean we got a lot of company coming up
for the holidays so we're gonna do a
little bit of that boring stuff all
right so we're close we are so close for
I forget what we were at yesterday on
the prank channel but we're so close
guys and oh because you guys shared so
many of the pranks yesterday I asked you
to share your favorite prank from the
fear that I've made and you guys you
guys did it man I saw the tweets I saw
the I saw the shares I saw the
subscriber gain and I can I can never
thank you guys enough it's amazing to
see the power of you every time I ask
you to do something I'm just blown away
so thank you if you're one of those that
shared my pranks thank you so much we're
definitely looking at five mill tomorrow
or maybe by the time you're watching
this I don't know but we're about four
thousand behind right now it's are crazy
yeah and I I would already be there but
I don't put up a prank for today was
three weeks that's bad that's bad I'm
sorry they're coming they're coming
they're coming I'm gonna make more I'm
retiring guys I didn't tell you every
time I'm no longer yeah right I can
never do that I love it naca I love it
alright guys that being said thank you
so much
here's the my million subscribers the
vlog Channel the views on these vlogs
are going crazy you guys are so amazing
thank you we will see you tomorrow
don't forget smama that's it I was just
seeing anything to add she's quiet
tonight it's just time we did I love you
guys see you mom
