sike what's up my friends beautiful
morning from Orlando I'm honestly losing
my voice yeah but I can't lose it yet we
got our meetup right now we're headed
down for that I'm going all wine today
yes the palm trees you going tropical -
nah something different I guess
yeah well we got 20 minutes to get to
amigo not a lot of time for that
loving this Orlando whether it's always
pretty and warm it's the most clouds
I've seen this whole trip off to the fan
meet man thanks for the ride
I don't know what to expect so this is
the green room for the inside look more
blue but this is the green room for the
the entire playlist is where all the
youtubers are just about every youtuber
the tier is here in this room so we're
running so behind our man hooked this up
got us hot dogs and chips and waters
thanks brother
so it's like it's not a graph session
that we try to do this work is possible
and they are all have all the kids have
their own cameras and things like that
so we try to keep them moving
Russia it's possible but yeah first
timers here first time they're really
excited for you cool
and if your manager whatever wants to
get out there into the pantry patiently
waiting we're gonna get to every single
one of them what's your name
Danielle Danielle repping the small more
I love it put your name on me Kevin
Kevin be very rare I love board games
t-shirt there's awesome I love it all
these awesome people gotta wait
everything it away to come up
in line to come up here to meet up you
guys are making me blush you're making
me blush look at this so you came all
the way from Chicago and just really
that's true story dad dad what life and
you brought this awesome picture I loved
it
he brought his freakin cup for me to
sign we got so many small more soldiers
gotten through the entire thing and
these two just came up with gay Brittany
a baby that's amazing guys for making it
through here's a baby that's a mate we
never get one we never even been given
anything like this so thank you guys I
get it a GTR so this is a busy baby
horrible all right three our three and a
half hours three and a half hours of
pictures and signings amazing so blessed
that all these people show up yeah
what's all right into my bore mass wait
am I gonna bust some moves or what yeah
was this about last night I know I'm
rated he never busted ringing back
laughing
the very funny brand Boeing what's up
dude this kid I saw I don't have fun
I've never had vine but she lay in bed
and I just like peek over and laugh at
this dude thank you my stuff okay okay
okay here's what's going on playlist is
bought out Universal for the night so
all the youtubers get to go and run the
whole theme park is it Universal Studios
yeah yeah Universal Orlando so we get to
go play at the park all night with
nobody else that's pretty crazy
yes wow I'm excited hey dude wait up
wait up wait up we got this whole place
to ourselves
slay this but all the stores are
actually closed this is just really
weird
like you don't even know how to walk
around the park unless there's people
here
Oh
so the only beer you can get your is
duff beer light what did you get log
around ten one one day hat alright let's
do this line up line up you guys Roman
Roman is here hey Roman are you doing
I'm doing great and gloom on that's
great
this is my - shrunken head we worked in
an army it's emergency transport a
stranded witch or is it just something
to you know how to hail tonight that's
right
oh okay we got to do the entire thing
okay all right
stick out your wand ahmedabad or I will
take you anywhere you want to look our
destinations itself underwater we
conquer that so if you're a mermaid you
can't help you are you are your mama
yeah you are
oh we can't help you I mean we can take
you as far as Bristol maybe Holyhead any
way you like to gun and Harry Potter
world what's this place going yeah we're
fine
everyone's gonna kill me on that log
what does it
humble double bagged another Diagon
Diagon tygon Ali that's it sorry didn't
know supposed to be friendly
it's fire
everybody wrong
- that is creepy that's just
actually move
this is fun
we're hiking up to it's a 3d but I'm
sure it's amazing
you guys never seen products like this
just on top of that
Oh
Oh
right the last thing on our list tonight
is this big roller coaster right Lily
when we're going to collab ruther I'm in
LA I know you little oh yeah come on
Wednesday yeah
okay I'll be beginning of March I'm
gonna be there so we're gonna work okay
let's do it
I'll be out there in March get me
involved in something my brother we're
gonna have fun see ya
apparently you go straight up this wall
and then drop down into the loop I have
no pity oh I haven't rode a roller
coaster for a long time
rollercoaster sick this whole place is
sick I love it
my voice is gone Oh an employee called
me a spin Shura tonight and she didn't
think I was listening do you guys hear
that oh that's the coffee we were
walking up to bumblebee she's like that
guy looks like Ace Ventura and I look at
her she's cool obviously that's not even
it I'll take it
whatever yes yeah this is Indiana Jones
stuff as long as you don't touch the
wrong tile
yeah
to stop at the local Walgreens whatever
here my throat is so raw and shut you
know sounds good like that hot honey tea
you're gonna know what the super back
area of a hotel looks like this is it
doing a couple of these towels some
extra towels for the room
I am exhausted
like exhausted all right guys we're back
in the room it's time to pass out and
call it a night
did you have a good trip I had a good
trip look at you it yeah
I'm asleep I'm sleep logging watch my
face I'm sleepwalking alright guys so a
few days ago I challenged you to see if
you could be positive for even one hour
or a week or a month no negative
thoughts I just want to see I'm checking
in to see how you guys are doing on that
let me know tell me in the comments how
you're doing it's hard it's the toughest
thing ever isn't it yeah it's so hard
but it's amazing once you can do it I
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget to smile
