all the day dude I don't want to go out
here truck seeing its first snow okay
okay I love you did all right guys just
finishing up my daily morning routine
took know to school and man I had to
drag my butt up this morning like some
mornings are hard to get up today was
especially hard I did it
we got my butt up we're gonna take a
little trip today close yeah so I just
got home in time for us to leave we are
gonna take a little trip down south mom
and dad what'd you guys think of the
truck I loved the backseat they just
want to pick up pick up some hitchhikers
you're driving past the Muskegon River
and I get shot
see it cane this river still has the
locks yeah I want to take you to lock a
lock eight movie I want to take you to
walking okay yours lock eight so on the
way to our trip
on the way down to our little journey
here we're stopping to see one of these
locks on the Muskingum river figure Kane
would like it and it's actually pretty
cool so right now the river is about ten
feet deep ten foot ten feet I don't know
who figured it out but to be able to
drain water or let a boat in fill it up
and let it come up the river is pretty
freakin creative making a quick pit stop
pit spic spit fixed up this table get
some drinks and snacks at this
these fries oh how many just like a side
of him what is that it's a semi-truck
PEZ dispenser hold it up that's the
genius design and then show them where
the candy is the kwik-e-mart whatever
that place was called Kane ready hold on
faster Oh Rosie so what is this this is
cool
hey let's bring it over here oh it
doesn't reach yeah okay here put them in
so we can show our viewers are you gonna
put it in a balloon oh that's cool dude
it's our giraffe blanket come on let's
go so we're gonna go us an adventure no
take you wanna drive the truck in the
fields
yeah just make a noise I'll take that as
a yes
oh you're outside you ready you ready
it's cold out you are you ready go okay
you ready go soon we are we're out here
in no man's land
this is sweet this I got this let's
sling some mud in this new truck
you gotta get some mud throwing
don't like no way that's running back
we're gonna live out here on the land
you barely got anything on it a little
bit whoa whoa baby
for the very Christmas festive barbecue
joint worry piece of crap I hate when
this thing Larry what makes it blurry
maybe you're a what what's vampire maybe
you're just a vampire Larry Cheers
a sprite serum is Cheers
fun hangout day off-roading in the truck
adventure around your land ribs for
dinner
dance
and giving you a fight face happy face
sad face
no do your put your lip out remember sad
happy days excited face like you just
got a new toy books breath taking baby
ribs all around the house I think I
found somebody likes ribs as much as me
me my mom and dad honestly I still
remember this place me and my dad went
when we were in Chicago
long time ago place was called like best
ribs ever that was the name well it was
quite a memorable experience work back
home and yeah there's something else
here guys I need a new style I think I
don't know anyway Brittany's about to go
take the truck back to the dealership
it's getting tinted windows and steps
put on stuff like that so she's gonna
take this and I'll see you soon
okay bye my truck I'll see you tomorrow
hi everyone so I just dropped the truck
off it's getting um the running board so
it's easier to get into today or
tomorrow morning and they're gonna like
block the windows and detail it all
again especially after Roman took it on
his little rendezvous today
I have a little idea I just saw that
smells like
the light bulb let's see if I can get
Rama okay
so human room indicates upstairs in a
game like I knew they would be I came in
the bathroom so he wouldn't hear me
squirting it so I'm just I'm like
shaking it's when he just comes
downstairs I'm just gonna splat it right
and safe
a big surprise yeah I've got to come
down - oh my god I didn't see that I bet
you missed all that that's why I knew
the pranking you know we did the you
don't mess with the king of this house
I'm the king
like a big bird took a dump in here
where your camera was he's probably not
gonna get a good shot of that and what
were you what were your plans that was
gonna go all on my computer you were so
I was editing the vlog oh wow
was what it was a good shy should've got
me around the corner though like boo
alright guys so tonight I'm gonna do
something that I've never done before
and that is a mother reached out to me
and basically explained that I inspired
her daughter she's 13 and that she's
it's just a really good story I'm not
gonna get into the details but it was
such a heartfelt story about her
daughter
that I replied that I will call her
daughter personally so we're gonna do
that right now but the caller and
surprise her I talked to her emailing
her mom back and forth and she's
available right now so let's see what
happens
hello is this Meredith Matt how are you
do you know what this is this is Roman
Atwood
it is 528 83 just put it put it in an
email
I'll check it out all right you're super
awesome I will I'll see you in the vlog
tomorrow you want to be in the why okay
well you got it I'll do that for you
you take care give your mom a hug she
loves you alright see ya oh I'm so cute
man what I would do to be 13 again
Meredith you're 13 years old crush it
just mmm I'm so only compared to these
this new generation of inspiring people
okay that's that I love you guys all of
you guys I'm gonna end the vlog I'm
going to end it right now
who knows what tomorrow brings but today
all you have to hang out with my family
and nobody should take that for granted
man your family is all you have
the end of the day at the end of your
life probably those going to be sitting
beside you in your bed is gonna be your
family man your kids your parents
whoever it is it's gonna be family so
hold onto them tight I love you guys I
will see you tomorrow don't forget these
two are the reason you guys get your
mail these two holy you guys it's
awesome yeah
