what is up guys welcome to the vlog
we're just getting started here in
Brittany and the girls and country a
bunch of you are going we have a huge
family here and it costs so much to eat
every day that there one of the girls
store because we have a kitchen here so
we're gonna stock our kitchen make our
own food and that's me perfect I still
sleep yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and then
I ate it oh we are in the beautiful
Bahamas love this place so much we're
gonna get our day started the girls are
gonna take off one direction we're gonna
go the other not with one direction one
direction good luck to you I promise
that I'll enjoy the water and it'll be
there when you get back it's not a big
water first
don't you care I love you Ryan oh you
just pound on that with love you I'll
see on the other side hey hey a razor I
didn't bring her that's dead serious I
got a razor I'm gonna be so bad my face
start is so jacked so the beautiful
Bahamas I mean beautiful guys check this
out oh I love it oh I love you chase
down here just keen summer let's just go
check it out what's up bud what do you
think of this man you glad you go out it
we came doesn't even start no I'm not
gonna tip no I get it
what's up little dudes little Sandman is
going on here oh wow you were sandy hood
that the ocean is eating it it's eating
is it one was that they didn't fall for
a good one huh go
you gotta run on the water run on it
faster and now I tell you where the kids
out right there oh my gosh Liza there
goes lunch there's my man what's up
bones you guys can see I said it was
gonna be nothing about family relaxation
fun it's a true vacation for all of us
and that's exactly what's happening
right here this place is just it's
mind-blowing to me I love it so much
this place is true happiness to me it's
unbelievable dude then you mix it with
your friends and your family and it is
it's everything let's enjoy it bringing
you guys along every day and yeah
internet terrible by the way so you sure
you won't wish daddy oh my god no have
no hesitation completely straight face
so you know you send the lady shopping
when you got a gator bringing back the
groceries holy smokes what happened out
there
oh my gosh bread we eaten for days
I think she's opening up her own
convenience store look at this happening
there it's just so-now hi Cora hi baby
mommy cookie girls just go back there
and load it's super loaded apparently it
was quite the trip which you probably
should send a blog camera there oh my
gosh this is vacation look at this
cartridge look what is that whoa and
even more importantly you found the
eraser no shade follows I'll do it if
everybody else does it Brittany man you
guys literally bought so much we have
over 20 people here on this trip so it's
all being like divided up it's not all
ours but it's crazy
mayhem chase was it like at the grocery
store like people just mean my mom sucks
that is crazy it's like you thought we
were staying for like a year go is going
all the way out the door hanging on
where am I you ever seen or see like
this receipt I need to check it and make
sure you even go check that there's a
thousand in look that's it is I'll spin
it money like is its yo that needs like
a weird frame and a hundred just like I
call the ladies at this store it's
cheaper than eating here three times a
day
100% is still crazy Oh pick a random
item just go ran Long's home everyday
plate coated 629 I see like a normal
item alright what was like something
really expensive a great juice its first
six grape juice all right seven dollars
59 cents six cans $12
yeah six bottles of water here and it
was $17 why we gonna sneak off to the
beach let's do it : let's go swimmin I
am pretty sure she's gonna sleep baby
I've been working out I don't know if
you noticed what you make Pop Tart man
oh my gosh you digging back to Ohio
alright I've got a brand new pair of
goggles which I'm excited to use I don't
prep them very well enough you notice
when you new guy who's gonna prep them
first thing I usually do it sounds crazy
you put toothpaste then I'm overnight
like scrub them with toothpaste and then
you put this gel in it when to mount or
just spit a big loogie and I'm swear it
works
do a little snorkeling before the Sun
sets and maybe hopefully get something
cool for you guys maybe maybe ride a
shark could ride a shark maybe Matt I
want to put that in the blog too
controversial if I ride a shark but not
vlog it how's that I don't know let's go
it honestly doesn't get prettier than
this man sun's about to set while we're
out here struggle
come on they'll just find an off the
coast let's go
okay I will say that out of all the
snorkeling scuba that I give you guys
that was probably big fail I did not do
good giving you guys some cool stuff
this didn't seal out the Stingray was
amazing and the glass needs seriously
cleaned up on this Beach there is just
bottles I showed a shot of it bottles
everywhere glass everywhere just is
terrible
you boys worn out or you got time for
more I keep going through these kids
when it's so it came harder than I've
ever seen them go today you guys were in
the water almost the entire day almost
the whole day and now you're watching
Spongebob who's in the water
you guys can't hide we are go eat it
sounds weird that we're going to eat
because we just got food but come on
boys getting so you can't sit that's the
role you sit you sleep I love you dude
hey you know this is only our first full
day here our first day that's how you
know Kane's tired right there hopping in
the bottom floor the bottom story dude
Cora's got the light she's knocked out
she just gets to sleep cuddle sleep poop
eat sleep pack it up time to go time to
eat let's go
dinner time oh you're already in he's
the smartest one in the whole place are
you have a good time yeah our first full
day here what'd you think of it okay
great it's hard to be it's hard to be I
mean it's one thing to be fun in the Sun
but to have your family with you whoa
man you're ready again this looks so
funny sleepy
she's awake and ready to tackle this
play live music over here this guy's
rocking it out really laid-back really
perfect situation I get it Cora kidding
let's see some dancing girl whoo you got
country
okay guys so we are kind of warping into
the night whores it's got laid down and
you have a good day already know already
know we had a great day awesome day
probably a short day on the vlog though
we just want to say thanks for coming
along on this trip with us we are having
a great time as a family and we're just
gonna do a lot together so it's awesome
yeah what I'd hope not
that's crazy that's the biggest receipt
I've ever seen in my life and yeah it's
literally that big for sure I'll show it
to you we absolutely love you guys so so
much thanks for being a part of our
lives and everything we do we will see
it tomorrow
our beautiful you are one of a kind
smile more there's a mosquito on my
finger
you
