what's up my friends good hate here not
good morning what's up I know say hi to
everyone
Keynes we forgot his car seat so he's
just taking a little ride in the back
he's be seat-belted and he's safe
can you say hi boys bomb he's bombed
granny I want to ride in the car seat to
wish that what you hide in which look we
got a Roman soldier here what's up yeah
three years he said he's been watching
yes sir three years so he knows
everything about it he knows more about
you than you know about yourself right
he's known in our bedroom window at
night okay
all right guys so for about four days
now at least four days I've been telling
you about something crazy that's
happening are you gonna tell him no
you're gonna tell no I'm not gonna tell
him Mama's here Mama's here no I haven't
told him let mom oh man she's freezing
we have to chisel her out mom all cheer
to save the day that wind blew it let's
put it back on mama don't yell it up all
right little girls have fun I love you
I'll be back okay I'll see you soon see
you soon thumbs up this is Clippard
this is a Clifford the Big Red truck
that we're driving here Brittany just
came out with a sq I like to be funny I
like to pull on the back of the truck
and clifford eyes maybe get his license
like Clifford
that's cool we uh we are headed up guys
we've been waiting all week for this I'm
literally being gifted something that's
so crazy mind-blowing it's gonna take me
a month even realize anything really
it's not real I'm gonna happen oh my god
so I've been anticipating this gift from
my team my partners
for a while now I didn't want to tell
you guys but I've been so excited about
haven't been I don't hold it in and long
story short I've been letting you guys
down every day so we're going right now
to show you what this is and it's really
crazy it's it's crazy like it really is
alright guys hold on tight what are we
doing why are we in here this is this is
crazy my mind is blown like when they
told me this I'm on mom I don't know
what to say I know I don't even believe
you yeah I'm not even I don't even
believe it so it happens
what is that w hi what is that the car
what kind of car is that low my gosh my
cats out of the bag cat what do you get
a cat way to get anything did you get
back
yeah guys so the big surprise and the
reason I'm so mind blown is when you get
to a certain point in this type of
career that I'm in companies give you
they literally give you things
no tell mom yet they already know they
already know we just went to look at it
we didn't take it home but we already
went and looked at it for sure
not taking it home I'm just as shocked
as you are I cannot but I know that a
lot of you are not going to believe me
that's why I never told you what it was
because this who would believe that I
don't believe it until I'm driving I
don't believe it what's the matter with
you make my decision no you chipped a
tooth
I'm talking about GTR Z no way are you
sure what truth is it important one
nobody cares to me
like I said I'm not going to believe in
to him driving but we went looked at it
tonight the actual car that we're going
to be getting it was cool it's cool to
see it but there were still a few days
out there's so many things it's a huge
process just hand somebody hearts huge
so get me an Outback Steakhouse in our
house and the basement and the smaller
stuff I was gonna start vlogging right
when you put it in your mouth he's gonna
hate you love that but I know we decided
to grab some food before we go over to
my brothers and watch UFC fighting
tonight which I'm really excited about
how to be calm yeah just chill relax do
nothing but watch UFC that's a great
night right there amazingly 100 they
have the best house in the world you
look like an Eskimo place it's a
beautiful warm that up it's like 18
degrees
every good UFC fight requires snacks
healthy snacks very healthy ship two
things nice you can only have liquids
now you can drink this through a straw
god I can't kiss you in it I can't see
you the same you're not the same boy one
day one although it's gonna be a big
night in UFC what's up guys look at his
couch we were bragging about your couch
yeah it's the beef island it's like a
sea of couch it always looks like it's
yeah see I don't problem my brain
doesn't see my house before you come
over I don't probably you guys remember
the three leg look this cat only has
three legs
you may recognize his working bracelet
bracelet Russ Dale painted a big
chalkboard on their wall today so you
can just draw whatever you want in shark
where's the cha why is the chalk down on
the basement you just got a new
chalkboard upstairs answer me I'm not
typically abusive hey Kahn right what do
you think of my paint what do you think
about my picture what do you think is it
the best thing you've ever seen yeah I
never showed you guys about I'm quite
the artist
what is this I tried to draw
he said draw a monster now he thinks
it's a drag I don't know what it is it's
terrible is it it's cute though right
yeah that's not gonna scare anybody yeah
what is what is that Paula poop so I'll
show you uh you guys Dale's new TV check
this uh it's the whole kitchen it's the
old kitchen ceiling
yosh Britney's had too many cool aides
get this sweet new projector dude that
thing's awesome now you make me want to
ditch my TV yeah we it won't stop
snowing every day like Antarctica
go home I'm gonna take mama home cuz
it's nasty out so you leave the car here
oh it's 1:00 in the morning sorry it
took so long we were watching guys beat
the crap out of each other
and you don't want to spend the night
for sure mmm you don't care take me I
will take you home
let's go I'll take this that's all you
just gotta help her out when you can in
there I can get out it's way easier to
get out
I feel good I feel great just took my
mom home she's the best
she hopes us out with so much stuff I
need to do something what can I do for
more
what can I do for mo mommy there's a lot
of things we do behind the scenes for
but you know what's so special something
cool I can do for her she deserves it
we she refuses to spend the night no
matter what we can get on with 3:00 in
the morning she wants to go home home
which is understandable but it's nasty
it's snowy and it's cold so I took her
home tonight regroup tomorrow
all right guys since I usually start the
vlog in the car today I'm going to end
it in the car I'm home I'm home safe and
I can't wait to go in to my wonderful
little family and pass out I'm tired
it's like to something in the morning
and that's it that's all I got for you
today thanks for coming along thanks for
being a part of my life even the regular
times the exciting times thanks for
hanging out through all of that it's
really fun to share with you guys what
we do all the time so thank you we love
you thanks for all the love and and
that's it that's all I got
we'll see you tomorrow keep a big smile
on your face you're beautiful I love you
smile more I'm such a pain in the butt
all these people trying to get home and
there's a semi-truck in the middle of
the road stuck
