what's up guys how are you I hope your
day is beautiful it is sunny here I hope
you're motivated to take on the world
today I'm not starting to good myself
man
iced coffee pure sugar pure sugar it's
like crack cocaine some days some days
some days I slip anyways off to my
accounting office to do numbers punch
numbers pay taxes that's basically what
I'm doing today the fun stuff stuff you
don't want to do let me explain
something as a youtuber when you work
9:00 to 5:00 or a you know a 9:00 to
5:00 job a weekly job you usually get a
paycheck and on that paycheck they take
taxes out as a youtuber they don't take
taxes out you get all the money that
leaves you to be very responsible and at
the end of the year you got to pay tax
on a lot money well that requires me to
have an accountant so I'm headed there
now to figure all that out what might be
cold as ice but it's beautiful and sunny
man that's keeps a smile on my face
helps all right guys couldn't film
inside the accounting office uh
obviously for lots of reasons but I've
just worked over to mojo you guys ready
you guys ready taking you with me all
right guys the time has come look at all
these hoodies oh my god
how long's this process take like 8
o'clock I know what I'll take a day and
a half
oh that's so nice
hoodies are here hoodies are here
I got another day of print
what up guys how you doing
I love this stuff man it's so cool is
this so cool this is the hoodies being
made right now as we speak and it's
freaking awesome let's start okay
oh you're putting them on right load
them up yeah
comes over this little guy gets it
brings it over dries it it puts the
first coat of smile more on then it
comes over here and it gets the second
coat
it's complicated man I love this place
man
all these guys making your hoodies and I
know you guys have been asking forever
for hoodies but for me it's a huge
expense the bottom line is you can't get
cheap hoodies and I won't buy cheap
hoodies I won't sell anything I don't
think you guys will love
I bought the best hoodies I could get
they're super nice the lightweight
they're not so you can wear them any
time basically
and I started simple these are just
clean simple hoodies they're not crazy
just nice and clean I love it right
there it is
told you how to surprise I'm so excited
for I'm a hoodie guy I'm excited to wear
my own hoodie man there it is I wasn't
gonna tell you guys about the hoodies
until I got them up like I usually do
but yeah why not it's fun for the vlog
to see them being made I love production
any any type of production things being
made I love watching the process and I
figured you guys do too so that's why I
take you in there um where to now where
to now
I love you are you hungry yeah good luck
my mom I always have been luck with you
I know he loves you so much
Brittany asked if he wanted you to come
over he lit up grabs Brittany hugged her
so yeah he loves you he loves you
oh yeah guys check it out the rooms been
done since yesterday there it is
I personally like it but I love the tan
better when it was tan I like it like
this it's it looks fun for the kid yeah
but I don't know I like the tan but I
like this the smile more stores hopping
down here what's up guys they are
killing orders look at all these I'm
supposed to do with all this the holiday
season the holiday season you guys
Christmas gifts Christmas gifts some of
them might not even know the Brittany
and I are going to run over a ton of
orders since we're headed that direction
that's why I'm with you use muscles of
this family we have so many boxes of
orders guys you guys have blown the
store up for the holidays it's crazy but
they're on their way
hopefully if you placed an order you'll
see that it's on the way
we're pretty much caught up uh at least
till the hoodies
nobody's coming alright guys so today is
a bit of a sticky situation for us
because we blog and show you guys our
life a lot of vloggers a lot of people
on YouTube will tell us don't
show your viewers what you have don't
show them everything then they won't
respect you but we put our life on the
camera so why should we hide what we do
and what we buy from you guys um long
story short we need a truck we've been
looking at trucks for a long time I
borrow my brothers all the time for
little things and jobs like last night
moving the ramps I had to have a truck
and we always need trucks we have to
have a truck to go pick up you have to
have a truck all we have is car and so
we're looking at trucks and it's also a
sticky situation because if I tell you
I'm going to buy a Ford Chevy and dodge
guys are gonna bash me if I tell you if
I'm buying to Tosh or Chevy guys gonna
so that being said I'm a huge Toyota fan
I love the Tundra's I love Toyota trucks
I love Toyota and Nissan want so we're
looking at a Toyota truck but I do buy I
do own a Chevy so we have a show I ever
saw Toyota yeah so instead of hiding it
from you guys and all of a sudden we're
sitting on a truck I thought at least
tell you that we are looking at trucks
and we need a truck for the family and
for the business you need a truck for
the business so we're working on it
alright guys so we've been looking at
this particular truck for about six
months we're gonna stop up here and pull
over so I can show you but it's pretty
decked out it's pretty sweet alright
guys here it is this is the truck we've
been looking at for a long time without
further ado be honest with me what do
you think
he loved it
I love it ayat beyond muffin so I'm
gonna get up on this railroad tracks
yeah so what do you think of this thing
we love it it's huge
I feel like we can just run things over
I am NOT to run this car let's just do
it go for it give you burnouts on a test
drive that's awesome I was thinking it
was a neutral that I could just run the
engine that's awesome
frustrated oh my god it's got a huge
four-door 4-door backseat for the kids a
big bed for merchandise and hauling
pretty sweet guys it's got it all see we
got a backup cam never seen a pickup
truck with a backup cam yeah that's cool
does it have chargers in it yeah
probably has come
that comes nice what is all this stuff
tissues put your map there who uses maps
Turner's lastly there has to be just be
exhilarate we are punching numbers
alright there's a truck they gave it to
us thanks guys
this Christmas gift they even gave us
Christmas hat yeah that's amazing
are you excited today look they look
good you look happy
Alison you just have you for a while
it's ours guys
we bought it brand spankin no that
thing's huge
oh my god she looks a little in the same
alright guys so the newest member of the
atwood family is a red 2015 time
sweet-ass suspension lift kit that's
kind of like a dream truck to be honest
I'm not kidding
I absolutely love it and you know this
isn't like a rash decision on our part
we've been looking at that truck for a
very long time longer than probably
anybody looks at trucks but Brittany
wanted to take it and I'm not one to be
like I'm driving it I don't care it's
just a truck so she's out with her mom
go grocery shopping which means uh not
to grocery shop hate grocery shopping I
don't think I'm gonna do it anymore
actually
is it hard to take me serious with this
hat
do I look like an elf house cane to him
still find he keeps how army wants me
hey can look at me yeah the car
dealership gave it to me yeah guess when
you spend more than ten dollars with him
they give you that she got one yeah
hey better on you lol mommy you want to
go see what we got
it's really big you go in front of them
so you can see it yeah let me get my
shoes that's our new truck you gonna get
in it I think I'm most excited to pick
no up at school tomorrow cuz he's not
gonna know it to me to me like it's so
sure just took a little test drive now
cane doesn't want to get out do you love
it so much we're gonna go get Noah
tomorrow from school and he's not even
gonna know it's gonna be so awesome he's
gonna like dad uh-uh I'm not getting in
that truck ain't even that weird truck
hey guys it's another hey guys I'm
ending the vlog in the car because last
night I was waiting on codes to give to
you guys I got them this morning so I'm
going to add them to this vlog
tomorrow's vlog I will be putting six
full game downloads for the new crew
video game for ps4 and Xbox one three
codes for each system look for them in
tomorrow's vlog they're going to be
first-come first-serve I'm going to put
the numbers up randomly on the screen
throughout the vlog you put them in
first the game is yours completely we're
just gonna have fun with this
I'm not gonna pick people first come
first serve on tomorrow's vlog I love
you guys I will see you tomorrow don't
forget to smile more I love you why am i
yelling I don't get why I'm yelling my
day with my wonderful mother you know
what makes the best mom in the world she
shows up with a thermos full of hot
chocolate that's the bomb
