haha what's up guys getting a really
really late start to our vlog today you
guys noticed yesterday I got the vlog up
at like 4 o'clock p.m. so it took me a
long time had a bunch of stuff to do
this morning and by time I got home
edited the vlog it's 4:30 right now so
uh let's get this vlog started not
anything happening just goofing off with
my dude
oh just filled it oh it's already
getting dark look starting on this side
that wall is complete looks so much
nicer why is it getting dark already
where is my time going Buckfire up some
breakfast for dinner that's right
eggs sausage and probably whole bunch of
other stuff whatever I can fit in there
how you guys doing good I'm doing good
feel good feel good I feel good feel
good exactly what happens when mommy is
at home huh Nutella you jelly I don't
know if you guys have ever tried this
the quines becoming addicted to it I
think I got to cut him off do I got to
cut you off oh you want to try the jelly
we'll try the jelly
hi get out here boy yeah woman's gonna
kill us
oh well she's not here to cook so it
looks like we got to survive don't we we
can't we can't just not eat why can't
you just keep it together and eat it
like a sandwich he eats the pinna eats
the chocolate side first
and then he eats the jelly side why do I
even put them together why don't I just
keep them apart like that you're so
crazy Kane no yep I'm not the one with
Nutella in my face right now yes Dee in
Nutella and jelly right now not always
no no you all right are you Muslim no
nothing I got nothing
no I don't want to go little pepper of
course hot sauce told Cain to wash his
hands he's been in here way too long
what are you doing this is how you wash
your hand and use them so oh you better
head like a frog very good you leap up
here you leap up here you leap up here
alright you done
here I don't even know what to say
there's no with me why here we're so
crazy no pick it up mommy's little
pumpkin as ever you sure says more like
daddy's little monster
honey honey we're upstairs huh are you
having a flashback we got nothing
Kane left oh he's not here anymore now
what's going on man you in the jacuzzi
yeah I turned down yeah oh he's always
been so scared of me I know you never
turn alone I'm scared a little too I
don't get anywhere near
was it solo
they barely lower maybe it has the soap
by a bar of soap stuck in there I don't
want that big old peanut okay you an
unwrap it all right so since uh pretty
much anyone crap today
I thought I would at least we have some
extra stuff that I never got out of the
trunk this maybe we can do the handrails
going upstairs
I know you guys are just dying to do
that with me
look at this guys it's finally solid
it's not as bright green as the camera
showing it's it's hey hey WW Pete calm I
can I can do every other one in opala
range well you're gonna have to start
there where that plug-in is down
are you a muscle man yeah you are let me
let me see those muscles you're Wow oh
you mean feel let me feel the muscles
flex come on up here
Wow all right do you want me to be
camera girl oh my girl came over
told you we should I got better ones be
better once more than five dollar ones
more Headroom Kayne what do you think a
daddy is she's silly daddy's not selling
is he funny oh he's funny he's not silly
fine-looking ah yeah all right it looks
nice it's nice I think we should have
done every poll though like rap every I
don't even well I didn't think we had
enough it's faster a lot more you're
like no no no this is even way too much
told you I said that right one more and
then if we got too much I rate that
remember yeah I remember something like
that
be fishy fishies fishies fishies watch
they'll follow us come on guys don't
make me look bad
come on here boy yeah boy hey Mase you
stopped by for a visit the truth is they
just always think that I'm feeding it
always they're just like dogs they will
eat as much as you put in here watch
watch what happens when I open this door
ready
you're the Bluefish go crazy he kiss you
privately closer it's just gonna look
blue okay ready
put it in the water that's what the
fishes eat ready good job you put it in
yeah well the other fish aren't one
after it
hey well that's cuz it doesn't say this
happens when that you and you feed
everything comes out you don't really
see them too much until you feed the
tank he's walking on top of the water
that's a wild things are my favorite
they are definitely made
very malicious out he's alright guys
since there's really not crap to show
you today we're gonna dig out the box
that Britney found and uh relive the
past for a minute oh my gosh leave this
picture this is uh me Britney and Noah
this is before Kings even born this is
wait actually
Noah's almost Kane's age no I had just
turned four oh yeah no I just turned
four I got black hair every single
picture me is so different you look
crazy in that picture here's a real gem
guys this is you could only get this in
the vlogs right here Christmas 2008 hi
Gabe we got together in November 2008
I gave Britney pack a pop horn and it
said one night of cuddle / movies just
my girl and I I says I really like you
Britney doesn't even say love you know
this is I read all right let's keep
going this is getting good this is
getting good
I know let's find something embarrassing
more embarrassing in that popcorn we
should we should cook that part for him
oh do you remember this no what is that
so when I was in school for Dental
Assisting when Rob and I was dating it
was stuff that like you make denture
molds out of I made a heart
what's it what'd you say this baby I
love you my wonderful maybe this silly
boy is who is that even get you
that's no wha it's for of course we got
that bottle jack wow that's a good
picture of all of us my long hair here's
here's an instant classic Britney
softball picture look at this wait for
it wait for it come on focus baby focus
look at that
it's a little brisk like my eighth
birthday this I got my horse look it's a
outfit it's denim damn that's a picture
of Noah and my dad picking apples what
kind I don't know is I know it was so
little all right that's enough for now
we got to save some stuff there's some
classics in here we gotta save it away
it was just for now let's do more later
later in the vlogs
cuz this is funny I think it's funny
it's really weird to relive some moments
that you've forgotten about let's face
it a lot of this stuff a lot of these
vlogs are gonna be for me and my family
20 years from now so I would like to
sort you know spread these out this is
really making the kids scrapbooks yeah
well I'm sorry dude okay all right pack
her up guys that's gonna do it for us
today we're gonna eat some tater tots
watch some movies and just fall asleep
like last time I'm gonna end it now
because I know if I don't I'm gonna be
in the net in the morning like I did
yesterday guys that is it I will see you
tomorrow what's your most embarrassing
moment tell me leave a comment seriously
we should we should in tomorrow's vlog
we should say our most embarrassing
moment I know yours it's bad my yeah
what's mine I can never say it on the
vlog maybe maybe I can't no I could
never
I really don't even know my most
embarrassing moment maybe I should tell
the viewers maybe if you guys want I
love you guys I'll see you tomorrow
don't forget I spilled ranch and I just
covered it up trying to so the waiter
waitress what you see it came back and
bit me like that I can't believe it
you smell like ranch all day keep that
