what's up guys it's early ray go to
school first not
I never was about your age you know
start the vlog early try to do as much
on cutting as possible for you today
right look at the camera
we're just gonna keep it on him keep it
on it
exciting huh I know and I are sitting
here talking about like what's the best
thing about school other than just being
school like what was your favorite thing
about the day yeah about like I mean
which would you look forward to each day
of school
b√ºndchen recess yeah those were
definitely I always just look I always
remember being so excited from lunch
when I was starving I never had
breakfast
every practice yeah I love you more
see you later did a great day alright
I'm back home perfect time to put up our
Christmas tree the painters start today
if you guys are tired of looking at this
paint as much as I am it's getting
painted most of the house is getting
painted in the next couple weeks but we
got to move the tree because they're
starting on this wall so um yeah right
we have tree mood George help me out
this is George he'll be painting how you
doing man good yourself
what's the for those of for those that
want to paint their own walls what's the
trick to getting that perfect lawn I see
you doing sad I see you doing something
that I've never seen before usually I
just lay tape and I start paint and then
take out this call it's called backfill
or fill up any cracks that there is to a
wall that also the way I'm doing it here
it will seal the tape won't have the
bleed through yeah cuz that's what
happens yeah you won't have to bleed
through every time I paint there's
always hope
ah yeah so we're running over to my
mom's grandma's house Kings gonna yeah
you excited you love mama every single
day he went last I know he loves it it's
fun anyway Brittany and I are going to
run out maybe do some Christmas shopping
while we don't have the kids find a
little something-something we gotta have
at least one present under the tree this
year we'll see we'll see
almost got one of the greatest pictures
of Brittany and I getting photobomb by
John so hard
that's just last year wasn't it oh I
love that picture huh hey hey give me
five I love you so much
well she's so strong welcome oh my mouth
is watering you guys ready to draw hot
buttery rolls
they're like hot they're like hot out of
the oven huh what is this called spinach
artichoke spinach artichoke dip we got
this the other day at a different place
it's delish try I want to film you
eating it oh yeah Troy please tell me
eating
oh my gosh it looks so good when you do
that it's salty thank you
we are splitting some chicken fingers
like adults do yes adult meal look at my
meal that's a dorm or if you've already
had one of them they split it for us why
they give you more cannoli I didn't eat
one oh this is legit they gave me two
they gave you three oh they know I'll
give it to you I know you like the meat
well no if they gave it to you you
wouldn't offer it Oh
have you ever seen a $1 bill this worn
out play it at that thing looks good
right le-let's here hold it up to a
different one it looks like someone
stripped off the holy the other side uh
that's a friend fake that's a fake it
does look things are you freaking
kidding me you get this thing you get I
spilled ranch and I just covered it up
trying to sit a waiter waitress what you
see it came back and bit me like that I
can't believe it now you're gonna smell
like ranch all day so we are running
into some furniture stores real quick to
look for a couch a new couch the couch
that we have actually came with the
house and it's nice it's still nice
couch until we can like afford to get a
nice couch yes we're trying to find the
covered couch shopping believe it or not
is hard to do if you're picky like me
I'm the problem I'm the problem
you would have definitely already how
about this one how about this one I'm
right now no no I'm the problem here
let's just all let's get it out in the
open I really can't get into the couches
that you can write on like this would
drive me nuts I think my OCD like I'd
have to go by all the time and fix it
people would write things in it like
Britney just did I don't know and if
it's just me or not but I can stand that
just looks messy like I just want to fix
this one I were inside the Polaris
fashion place okay see ya you fight good
where happened sure I said the player
small haven't been here for a really
really long time actually really really
long time is this person
are you on ugly sweater party number oh
yeah we are supposed to have a Santa
poles look what's the dead mouse it's
not really sweater that's t-shirt this
is how baby reindeer are made Joe this
place has adult board games real adult
board games charades for grown-ups dirty
minds dirty words would you gather what
the we did that and where one board
member so after walking through this
entire mall we found a little toy for
cane and a little toy for my brother's
kid that's it very unsuccessful very
unsuccessful night but we had fun I want
to get inside that tree oh no it's just
asking for it I'm tired of the cold I
want to pack down lay take me back take
me there stop please stop don't hit me
let's face it we just found the best
deal the whole night Christmas vacation
$8.99 on blu-ray Christmas story health
what happened I got to show you one of
my favorite Christmas movies ever and
see I don't know if the whole world has
these movies because I mentioned the
Christmas story to James the my friends
from England area he didn't know what it
was and Christmas vacation he didn't
even know what it was so I think these
are kind of just American Christmas
movies but jingle all the way
Arnold Schwarzenegger on VHS has to
literally be one of my favorite
Christmas movie is it's a classic to me
I don't know if you guys have it what is
your favorite Christmas movie is it this
is a hard to decide what's your favorite
Christmas movie cuz you want to drench
it stole Christmas but I don't buy it
I love the Grinch maybe I'll get it for
you classic cuz that's like my dad's
favorite I can't like this big
sweatshirt that's a grand job you need
to borrow you need to let me borrow that
for ugly sweater
would be off yeah I get it for me what
else did we get Oh can't show you all
these because some of them are stocking
stuffers for the boys Oh
even though cane wouldn't even know he'd
watch the bargain not even know they
were in LA with this traffic one lane of
traffic those lanes are fun mr. fun hey
we should ditch this alarm
I already ditched it a mile I'm that guy
in that a-hole that you guys hate it
just cuts to the very front and cuts in
that's me
I do that all the time but in this exit
you got to be careful because sometimes
the police wait Wow sometimes the police
wait up there for people ditchers
basically they pull you over true story
bro oh my god do it again
that sounds so oh I want an alarm clock
it sounds like that oh my god Britney
but I won't admit this but she's a
phenomenal guitar player play I'm sorry
this one's mine hey ready
any told you she's phenomenal
what should we jam to sing a song came
the cat song yeah okay kitty kitty kitty
kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty
kitty kitty kitty cat yeah okay acts
like he's both pounds what is it you
pulling your ears poem bra you love the
Roman soldiers yeah
do you love cats do you love money
do you love pickles do love poop yeah
yeah looks great we just got home ah wow
that wall looks totally different it's
great didn't you get that side now it's
gonna take him a week to paint but this
looks awesome man huh yeah well baby you
need help with your coat yeah let the
bloggers do it Eddie oh here here here
daddy's got the Midas touch ready
okay kind of looks like maybe we should
just do our seats like this and build a
big theater right here put a giant
screen there and just put couch after
couch I don't know and I just move the
tree so we could at least light it up
looks good on that side it's leaning
though what's it look like under there
see but your view yeah Kane likes the
couches like this for sure I am fun huh
yeah looks like a lot feed her in here
I'm diggin the walls but it looks
totally different in here like it's a
totally different look that's why we got
a really good idea for us take this one
push it into this one and we'll make a
little like bed and watch our show okay
do it you can push it push it real good
you want to turn it on yeah hey come
here okay I'm gonna tell you something
really important okay come here look at
me come down here okay yeah huh look at
me okay yeah I love you so much you're
not looking at me I love you so yeah
yeah look at me
stop looking at the TV I'm gonna turn it
off look at me I love you yeah okay can
do wanna sleep probably not
but he's supposed to be once this looks
nice this looks like where I want to end
my night right here let's watch some TV
and do nothing
ice cream ice cream you know what I want
ice cream well you said that you wait to
get this house all painted no eyes any
kind of ice cream you just vanilla a
little Hershey syrup drizzled all over
it maybe maybe like a hot brownie
underneath that ice cream and then maybe
some like cookie dough bites on top
we're going we're going into a dark
place or there oh alright guys here's my
view for the rest of the night I'm sorry
I've been sucked in zit I'll even be
wiggling my feet the whole time
hey guys I forgot in the vlog last night
I'm sorry about that um so I got for you
we will pick it up tomorrow pretty much
exactly where we're leaving off today so
I love you guys thanks for all the sport
in love and for hanging out with us see
you tomorrow smile one enough I can show
you guys this should I show them oh my
gosh okay don't laugh too hard this is a
picture of me
