welcome to the vlog guys we are well you
can't see it now but New York City is
right behind them trees we are actually
a real Jersey where are we right now may
only Jersey Bay out if you watched
yesterday's vlog we did a road trip here
and now we met up with fousey last night
and he has a go-kart truck apparently
like empty so it's just ours for today
so we're going there now you practicing
now for your race your big race you
always right baby baby you're always
that's a New York geese there's New York
you see the booties I'm gonna get you
guys a great shot in New York City we're
never coming to this area that much so
it's cool to see it it's the best we got
right now there's the city was it too
bad
that's Yusuf's car and it's just truly
unexpected we expect to be coming here
today but he gave us the invite we're
not turn down go-karts I get everybody I
want job no cards I love that rap it's
like green it's depending on how you
look at it like blue and green yeah you
took a picture sitting on top of my GTR
when I was alright can you get up here
please I'm gonna get a picture of you up
on his car we need revenge we're not
about that that's a cool rap I don't
think the camera really shows how yeah
it's nice I hope you guys are ready for
cut you guys might think we're here for
fun this is competition alright there's
gonna be consequences today huh you know
this is all nobody's here yo yeah he's
definitely gonna crash that today here's
the main goal today we're gonna figure
out the consequence for the slowest
track time today we need we need a real
consequences you know these are cool man
you guys make these years make these no
way it'll fit right my car no problem
now you see girls out on the track
holding yeah you better run girl you
better run girl I'm gonna chase you your
duty just toys man like the unique toys
that people come off apparently uh guys
the inventor of this did I get Oh get it
get it country oh he's got it
okay so we're trying to come up we're
about to get you're gonna go over the
rules of the right rintah explain to me
what we're doing qualifying what was
that so it's gonna be a three race
format we're gonna have three races
practice qualifier in Maine your first
two races are gonna be racing for
fastest lap time and then we're gonna
take your qualifier race and then put
you guys in the main event for a
position race I'm going dude I got a
first-person view of your guys's loss
yeah okay has he ever been here before
it it hasn't even have you snuck come in
I want to look at him I didn't see him
register I didn't see him registered
members where the balloon captain
Chase is rigging up doing what he does
best rigging everything up helmets we're
gonna make sure this is captured you
guys the best way possible I think we
probably only need to really film the
race right I don't know
Oh leave it up to you
you know we can do the shake and bake
I'll get behind you all right get in
your draft I think it's gonna take
and then I'm gonna shake and bake right
around all right
slingshot everybody's here like acting
like this is for fun we're gonna have a
great time but I'm telling you there's a
lot of competitors right now everybody
wants to win nobody in their mind right
now I was thinking I'm just gonna cruise
around everybody's trying to win this
race it's gonna be very fun and they
even have look they even have it ready
who's gonna take it it's not gonna help
you today country that's not gonna help
you today this is so you know we all
have our own ways of warming up before
the raced BOCES got his that's nice dude
victory dance yeah you look like a
knight you need a sword nice that looks
good it's about good time we're gonna
jump in these Kurt's practice qualify
race who do you think right now in the
comments is taking first place don't
skip the video who's taking first place
today could be any of us yo this is
practice all right don't forget no
remember when there's a blue flag and he
let the person behind you fast
okay let me
I mean that doesn't really matter though
it's just bad practice I had you buy a
second yo no I had you buy a second
yo you spent half the time sideways
don't you what you doing at the bottom
of the lake alright we're walking into
quality time qualifying this is the only
time that really matters right now this
doesn't matter at all so here we go
round two I got Kurt thirteen that's my
mom's lucky number so here we go
why are you I don't know that's what
they gave me I don't know this one looks
like it's been rolled a few times coming
for you Roscoe
there's been a been an accident there's
been an accident no I'm Jack Brett Brett
nobody can hear me
per say what's up what are you doing yo
you hit me twice I was like this guy's
got a gun like no you gotta be so good
who got first who did g-money
whoa look look we had three in the 41
there is no way my car was slow chase
this part had like turbo booze first
third third yo all right so that was for
qualified this tells you who starts up
front in the race I'll be number two
chase will be behind me country it's two
sevens for you you got to spend more
time going forwards less time going
backwards man I like those seven you
know which way to go on the track right
I don't know this is it this is the
final this is the actual race we don't
race four times at this point we race
everybody on the track together we line
up according a link to our qualification
and we race first one across that finish
line win
that's it the flag yeah I never won I
think I don't think I've ever won first
place in anything so I'm gonna take it
yeah you got third
good job what what yo you know within
the first two laps this guy literally
wiped out his cart was under the round
where's chase chase number two right
behind me right number three that was
super super fun this is our full race
right here if anybody wants to see it
Gil action Gilly actually ran the
fastest lap one point six are 41.6 you
did good girl
I'm she's gonna put on you guys wait why
are you getting ready you didn't get a
medal I got third place
I gotta say it was absolutely a blast
like it's one thing to just come and
drive the go-karts that that I've done
some about the practice the qualified
the race made it so it was so much just
yeah it was fun even if I was last I'd
been happy to hand you that gay medal
let's find out country how did it feel
ding laughs the worst thing we're going
out back try to keep up all right a
little better shot the city for you
right there yeah look out big crazy he
wants it he wants it what you gonna do
about that Britt honestly after that
race I just let him win just give it to
who was it and knew that you could build
a bridge that would hold a train of that
kind of weight that is insane
here off to grab a little bit of food at
my favorite spots wake up are you sleepy
I know you sleep Brittany gets that
bloomin onion in her brain and she just
can't stop she goes she goes I don't
know about you guys but I love hanging
out with foo see it's it's it's always a
good time the best conversation of like
that's so wrong it's crazy like you're
so addicted to our phones that like it's
weird to have to actually communicate
right bro I haven't seen you off your
phone all night
you are on your home yeah Robyn's on his
fall world he does not mean any
attention that what renu-it really you
go on your own yeah we all do there's
there's a lot of fun games engaging
conversations yeah he does have a single
social media that's why next time we all
go to dinner all phones go in the middle
and the first person the first person to
grab the phone face for the music all
right let's see if we can make it the
end of our meal
I didn't pay for my bills so it's all
good how long can you go country that
phone out everyone I haven't up a lot so
if I get texted you guys want to play a
really fun game it's a really risky and
fun game you try flight before it's
called card roulette she brings out the
bill everybody puts their credit card in
a hat she draws a credit card whoever
she draws pays for the whole nail he is
in good I mean the chances it's gonna be
used for that slim chance it's not going
to be being like the chances of getting
a free meal is way better yeah paying
for true we had a deal already they're
trying to switch on the deal
they were talking about a different deal
yeah
the original deal was the last I said
you're a very smart car whoever gets
here last that car pays so carbon
roulette is between you guys somewhere
out of it yeah so fine we want something
we just need you to pick out a card and
read the name on it guess you can tell I
have to pay for the have to pay for the
meal
I can't win tonight you know I did win
today I won you know home the gold gold
medalist I'm a gold medalist you like
that can go down now as my I can put
that on my Twitter profile coal medalist
Zefram right now as I chase that your
wife and my baby here we go okay this is
our final goodbye with Youssef in it in
the crew and we're gonna do a little
drag race here on the herb ease oh look
at that they just snap in and you're
ready to go all right guys ready set go
and they're gone oh snap
shortcut okay guys that is going to
we're gonna end the vlog right there we
have another road trip we're driving
about three hours to Maryland for a fun
project that I'm so excited to bring you
along on tomorrow also I should explain
that I just had to go buy pants because
um Brittany didn't pack me any chance
there was a third step BAM I got the
same grief from Veronica our last
vacation really she said the same exact
thing I was like where's my swimming
trunks that act hojo anyway just
bouncing pants real quick and we're
wrapping up this vlog we're just gonna
hit the road it's dark out so we're
gonna get to our hotel call it a night
we'll see you guys tomorrow for another
very fun day a big project tomorrow that
I'm excited about very excited about we
love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
