good morning my friends from the Atwood
residents we are just starting the day
got this local local bacon it's so thick
it's like steak some pieces are like
steak guess some potato sizzling Noah's
playing some video games as usual just a
typical morning let us know let us know
let us know wha all right warp EPS brick
we've worked past breakfast we've walked
past the showers and now Superman's in
the house we got my mom and dad coming
over today my brother his wife their
kids coming over today which means we're
gonna have a lot of fun she's gonna be a
family day nothing else no work nothing
except for this there's gonna be so much
tickling you ain't gonna gonna stop it
all right let's let's go see what no was
doing what's the game of the day today
stranded deep stranded deep and what is
stranded deep it's like the forest
except you're on an isle
it's like castaways it is castling he
crashed the plane onto an island and now
he has to survive it's pretty cool in
order and there's crashed boat but
there's stuff in it
Kane can you fly off the couch Superman
can fly you know he's different than the
other the other heroes
he's not like spider-man or Batman he
can actually fly so let's see it
whoa I think with a little practice you
got pretty soon we'll be going off the
top balcony yeah and do it again okay
jump
whoa I wish I had a Superman suit yeah
maybe I can wear yours oh okay so you're
on a store to get food for tonight
dinner she's gonna cook some really good
food yeah you're gonna take this with
you
sure Britney belongs here you go hey
what's going on your hands it's going
into your purse I have to get gas my car
we let my grandma use because she has to
get some work done on her car so she's
actually using my car so we have either
the truck or Romans car so I'm driving
the truck to the store and I swear every
time Roman uh like comes home in the
truck it's on II so I have to get gas
before I even go to the store so and
it's nasty right now so I gotta get gas
okay I think I've got almost everything
this store is insane crazy busy like you
have to maneuver around people to get
anything a tip if you do go they were
sturdy like trying to like eat healthier
is to stay like more on the outside and
then the produce section instead of
going down the aisles because this is
what you find candy Pizza lash and then
if you're hungry that's okay little
strip if you can tell Valentine's Day is
coming up
this whole aisle is red and pink now
Roman hate sellin Wednesday spring never
do anything for them anything but they
have some really awesome sprinkles and
you guys know I collect sprinkles he's
like I can make some cookies our company
never run out and of course I suck at
parking the truck so I gotta go so far
and play alright so apparently Britt
promised you shoes show you how to make
this stuff and I just came in here to
ask if she's been doing that she said no
so we're a little late and uh yeah you
stood all in and right here you want a
freeze frame this will make it easy
how's that boom that's it no there's
more crap freezer in that come on so
what do you done now just buttering me
outside so why you don't know you just
seen it a movie once and now you're like
I want to do that oh I got my mom doing
Jeff's here all the kids and we're about
to grub a love a dub dub I'm starving
well you're in for a ride oh my gosh
stuffed with love yep pretty brown my
mom and dad have an orchard where they
grow fruits and this is completely
squeezed grape juice and they can
everywhere and it's like nectar why cuz
it's his private collection
somebody gotta pee I don't even know
what to say about these kids
what happened get away from me so creepy
hey do you want to wear it or watch no
Bo hugged me and I won't tickle him oh
you give one out my kids walk with your
tickle hose what oh no tickles it's safe
guys
it's safe look your daddy says it's safe
it's safe give him a hug can I ma baby
Vega every time he falls for it alright
guys see you later
thanks for coming over that's criminal
yeah my my
hey honey you know where the remote is
do you know where the remote is yeah no
I can't find it anywhere
alright going throw something down you
can hear it your voice you smell like
you're on the phone
alright you know what will happen if you
gotta get it ten times are you gonna be
in a snowball where's the cam left your
riding squad you know you're recording
that's the wrong camera
don't put put the bucket down no
snowballs in the house what are you for
stop I get you dirt oh the kids asleep
are you done you want to get on a go for
some guts yeah you've been asking us for
weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks
weeks maybe jump on for a little bit so
here we go I don't know much battery
have though it sucks it it takes so much
better because you have to leave it
recording um we have free batteries
not charged not charged okay so we're
about to hop on the Simone Nagel we
haven't done this for a while and you
guys have requested a really long time
um say yeah you ready to do this yeah
I'm excited
meet some happy faces yeah do it oh my
god thanks can I get a picture
100% no you cannot you can I get my
brother like do it do it do it good
semester
First Alert and you're coming out
there's so many people that are teachers
I gather I feel like I'm having a
meet-up right now what's up girl
oh you're so sweet
okay take a picture let's do it let's do
it
that's real bless you
I gotta do a cool face like what's my
cool face I don't feel like I have a
natural face oh I got to work on
something better laughs what's up dude
no it's not Ruby what's up guys are you
oh boy
we're trying to hold a straight face but
we can't hold it in front of camera real
still a real smile more tattoo damn I
love it man thank you it's amazing
smile more hoodie I'll avoid your shirt
smell my shirt dude you're our mascot
bro I love you man I want to give you
big hug
I probably kiss you if I saw you right
now okay we got it endo mango it's it's
12:06 in the morning Cain woke up jumped
in a couple now he's chugging popcorn is
it cuz it man I always like I wish we
could watch out tonight ensue
I love Chuck hmm
we gotta end it guys thank you so much
for hanging out we try to get as many
I'm sorry pure on omegle we spent a
couple hours on here I believe at least
do it yeah about two hours but uh if we
didn't get to you I'm so sorry we tried
to be quick with everyone but it's hard
because we actually want to talk to you
guys and I feel bad skipping through so
um we'll see you guys tomorrow
we love you thanks for all the love
support and like some of these vlogs and
don't forget to smile more why alright
don't get the bed
ha
