okay say bye mommy we got to go see bye
bye bye
we gotta go see you have fun what's up
my friends we are gaining our heading
out you being shy you know hide in your
coat we're gonna oh there we go we're
gonna get some propane tanks finally
filled so I can cook some steaks tonight
for dinner and we're gonna run to the
well just come with me but let me tell
you where we're gonna go let's go
are you ready come on ready
well okay follow me let's go this way
do you want to see it yeah ready let's
turn it turn right this one's locked
let's see this 100 is big all right guys
I'm stocking up on some ammo because in
a couple days we're gonna blow some
stuff up
I mean I'm gonna rock the vlog baby yeah
what are we on day five with this it's
like his new hoodie it's only way he
will not take it off yeah that's okay it
looks good I don't care you can wear you
can wear it for a month if you want
hello just gonna start turning different
colors rock on baby yeah
no where is Noah he's at school what is
fun we are gonna go have some pizza yeah
do some pizza yes you guys know on the
22nd I told you if you placed an order
on the smile Moore store you would
receive
a plastic ball from the actual prank
signed by me and basically Brittany's
going to be living at the smile Moore
store you guys blew it up to different
levels I didn't know we could get that
many orders so thank you for ordering
but I'm going to be basically signing
balls for the rest going to one of my
favorite pizza places on the planet
Earth yeah definitely on this planet
King I've been coming here I've been
coming to this pizza place since I was
your age is that crazy
Pizza cottage my favorite color the duck
blue
that's what Billy Madison did tell me
blue
all right look at that you want some
yeah dude we got a lot of pizza I'm
starting to think we're gonna have we're
gonna have a lot of leftovers let me see
her let me see it
tipper put your lips on it take the big
one the big one - quarter
you ate so much Pizza you deserve it go
ahead turn turn there it is you got it
don't drop it alright it's a pink one
come on wait for me right here okay I
got it I gotta get the propane no wait
you can see me right here okay all right
stay right here
you're locked in anyway huh Oh guys this
is the day I needed man just getting out
with cane for a little bit like honestly
I don't like to bring any negative into
these vlogs but I was really stressed
out for the last day and a half I've
been dealing with a lot of business
things that are very stressful and just
painful and just getting out with my boy
it just resets my mind so and then you
see things like this to wrecked cars and
you realize today's a good day no matter
what there's a good day the best thing
to do is to stay positive no matter what
there's always a good side to everything
like I'm freezing right now but it could
be cool you can always flip it you can
always make the situation better I hope
you guys this day is so good hope you're
also happy
just got over to my mom's house and when
I got home from Hawaii they just left on
it on a show so I haven't seen you
forever I forgot you're wrong
well he got it but I'll get it to you
yeah there it was funny as you guys know
I gave the shout out to my mom about
finding that rock on the beach she
texted me the next day and was like I
watched the vlog and you won't believe
this I was going through my rock
collection that day says Kris she pulled
out these are some rocks that I got her
um this one's from Mount Rushmore yep
these are from Egypt that was the temple
in Thailand and these are from Thailand
this is actually like a brick no brick
look at that mm-hmm but um whenever we
travel I try to bring back a rock from a
special place and she also collects a
lot of rocks and I actually look you
tumble these yourself did yeah I did she
tumbles on and they get so awesome we
are in the land of flat here look at
this they are flat Ridge look at this
rock when you tumble them they're so
pretty
look at this one where'd you find this
one I Hey
this is one of the tumbled rocks this is
miss assembled yet this is what starts
out like and then this is what she turns
them into it yeah that's cool she's got
my brother's kids tonight they're on a
ski trip lucky dogs they're off ski in a
way fun learn how to ski Conrad yeah
ladies and gentlemen Kane Atwood what's
going on turn it around here you got it
on the Longhorn
hey good put your hand in there there we
go
feel you could put that noise to every
scary flip ever yeah watch so if you do
that look anybody can play one of those
is a magician
alright we're home baby what we go
downstairs what's going on down here
have any gear uh no hair Allah we're
trying to uh redo our Oh she'll so good
hey won't you help me clean I think
everything in this room is just about
yours yeah here you want to put all your
cars in this wagon yeah finally got a
ceiling fan cool keep picking them up
Wow you've only put you've only put two
cars in there
it took them all out we got something
really special today in the mail to us
um that I'm so excited about but I can't
open it I don't think we should open it
because Noah's not here and he's a huge
part of what this is I'm gonna let you
guys guess with this but is I'm gonna
try to let you guys guess what this is
but you should know what this is it's
narrow it's told
anyways I'm not going to open it until
tomorrow and Noah gets here anyway let
me be real real real with you guys a
couple days ago I told you if you
ordered anything from the smile Moore
store on January 22nd you would receive
a signed plastic ball like this with my
signature on it I gotta be real forward
with you guys please please please if
you ordered on the 22nd please allow
some time for us to get these out we
never ever thought we would get this
many orders so please be patient with
your orders we've got all of them and
I've got a ton of signing to do I got a
sign a lot of balls I'm a professional
ball signer now stir it up mmm looks so
good yeah no Kate stirring up some bitch
boots we can feed the fish they're gonna
be so happy buddy how's it coming Oh God
you gonna drink some oh are you guys
hungry look at my beautiful fish I love
these fish oh my god
all my corals yeah
I'm gonna pour it over here so it falls
in the fan okay so they all eat it ready
and dump it in you're gonna go crazy
look at them they're so hungry
Wow
did they seriously I was really stirred
how can you even get all those bites
well I can't yeah they're gonna be nice
and full now huh white line like that
training up game thing out in this Jam
picking out jammies
do you need help all right guys for the
rest of the night and probably the rest
of my life I'm gonna be signing these
plastic balls and editing this vlog yeah
I don't know what to say guys um I did
some math it's gonna take me a long time
to get this done so I really appreciate
it it's it makes me feel good that you
guys want one of these balls signed it's
great I love you guys I'm gonna end this
thank you for all the love and support
to me and my family
look there's a Boykin sign up across all
night bringing balls in it'll be fun
whatever you guys are awesome I love you
we'll see you tomorrow don't forget to
smile more and tell me what's in that
boss
