what's up guys don't worry I am how
about today I'm trying to get I don't
know if I've told you my Internet's been
kind of iffy man like 20 minutes it
works
next 20 minutes doesn't work I think my
modems shy I don't know but I'm already
racing in my head what's the next prank
what is that next prank I've got a big
one for Christmas
like I always do on Christmas but I'm
already racking myself like what's that
next prank we're jamming man so many
people here on a weekday I'm just no
freaking IT guy I have no idea what I
need in this store god I wish I knew so
about this stuff man I don't know if I
need a new modem or a new router I think
my router is fine I don't know man
I know somebody watching right now is
going wrong and this is what you need
you guys are sorry oh I need a switch do
I need a modem I don't know all right
guys I know this stuff's boring but I
did get a new modem so hopefully that
fixes my problem and I can go off to
having just normal internet at my house
um other than that I'm gonna go get Noah
right now and we're gonna go home and
this is the first year ever that I've
wanted to put up the Christmas tree like
I'm pumped to put up the Christmas tree
it might be just because I finally got
my new house and I'm home I'm just in
the spirit man if we could just get some
snow it's been raining all day so how
was school buddy what happened today was
something funny had to happen
anything funny kid fall kid fart that is
always the funniest schools farts farts
always one I remember this one time one
of my best friends at the time we were
taking a test right in the middle of a
quiet you know quiet the classroom is he
had to sneeze and he sneeze but you know
how you hold it in so it's quiet when he
did that it just blew the biggest
Scudder dripper out there the whole
class though died
nothing happened funny today hey maybe
tomorrow
on a phone story we are home baby we are
home so much to do pretty good huh
this is what I walked into you guys
trying to cut Kane's hair
yeah it's beyond eating cut well they
actually have people that cut hair for a
living Oh your hair cells now yeah
how you feeling Veronica you get that
baby out so now has been done if you
guys know on Black Friday Britney found
our TVs if you watch the vlogs you'll
know that we got some TVs knows been
dying to get this TV upstairs so him and
I can you handle this suckers heavy
oh yeah no problem we're gonna take it
upstairs
this could go one of two ways one we
just go right up to it could just go all
the way back down and we're out TV so
let's try this ready if you just guide
it I can push it you angle it up might
pick it all the way up and get it up on
the steps and then I can just push and
you can just guide it huh I just kidding
all right easy breezy but Magic School
Bus
and it's still clean because we did a
prank up here where you want to put it
this wall or that wall I'm thinking this
wall so I can keep an eye on you wanna
rip her open
that's nice we definitely need a walnut
we don't have a wall-mount for it I'm
going to mount it up here and make a
little little game Center for the kids
right now it's just gonna have to go on
the floor just to prove my point that
I'm not a handyman all I had to do the
simplest task was install the stand onto
this TV and what did I do
I snapped this part in not realizing
that I have to mount that to this first
is you can only get to these two holes
and there's four I need to leave it to
the pros ma'am I'm good at holding my
camera that's it and even that's
debatable well despite my failure we got
it hooked up baby good job
there's who is this kid in my house okay
thank you it's so much older looks good
just worked up over to my bro's house
and just made this is a homemade giant
pop turkey pop-up turkey and this is two
days in a row feeding you by the way
waffles yesterday pot pie today man
reading we feel like I owe you something
something the way you say that
and a screen door we even got him to
tell him about the screen door it little
Dale his his son walked through my
screen door yes I ain't catching on film
but he just walked right through it I
say ran somehow just mauled it just
mauled it so yeah so I think turkey
potpie is payback ten out of ten
oh hey do you need well you always mad
at me hey is it cold
what you guys eaten oh my god apparently
it's really cool I'll give him I won't
tickle you this time no tip Oh see when
Cain gives day a hug
everytime of tickles are down so now no
no tickles come on big honor
haha he's not falling for your trick
mark really first you're just over 38
inches let's see you know uh need the
date therapy Wow gonna be balling one
day Noah 55 inches I think you're gonna
pass Britney soon for real right now
let's see how many more you've got to
get to me
yes barely ever fought and got shoes on
though that's cheating Wow other
converses there's no blows oh okay
the converse heels six feet to three
quarters hey let's see what I am NOT
nicely to the poor
oh my bubblegum is not in there oh yeah
on car wait it's only gonna last that
long anyway
five foot naughty want a ruler not even
five foot eight inches they can't be
right
can that be right or are you pumping
your chest so hard though you like one
of them birds mating it's an inch or two
off though we are back home we just
warped home and uh doing a homework with
Noah for the last hour and I forgot how
hard this stuff is he's only in fourth
grade but it's like it's a refresher on
my mine now I can remember how to do
some of this math it's bad it's really
bad it need it this is the new kids
lounge right here we definitely got to
get this up on the wall though because
one of the kids is going to put an e
through it alright guys we've worked
into that time where it's bedtime for
this guy
it's Monday man that's will give me a
brain Indian bring it in a good day with
you love you I love you I love you is
that I love yet oh yeah Nov 2 night
buddy
well after an hour and a half of talking
to the internet providers and blah blah
blah we're up we are up and running
we're now using one unit one modem
router not too so I think we're good
there that's all I got for you guys
today
what's this he King King passed out you
know like
he's definitely out he needs covered up
and stuff yo tell everybody how you're
gonna get me back oh my god tell you
tell them that's cuz you eight you got
nothing nothing
look at that internet download speed
it's blazing baby it's blazing it's hot
it's in the red hot I don't know I got
nothing I'm gonna end the vlog though uh
I don't know what tomorrow is gonna
bring nobody knows it's always a mystery
I love you guys smile on it clean out
your nails and your skin they clean
everything just like I'm Finding Nemo
how he cleans they can't get them to
quit cleaning
