are you ready no no not yet yeah yeah
let me help you what's up my friends
getting a super late start today and
we're just organized they're organizing
and cleaning let me ask you a question
if I were to sign some of these plastic
balls are they able to go in and order
probably guess yeah but there had to be
smashed but they come back out oh you
can't guarantee em but we'll send them
like when you jump on them they smash
but you can pop them back out okay
little fit yeah so it looks like I can
sign some balls me know maybe I'll have
everyone sign them how about the next
what what can I do
okay so only for today only for today
what is today on the vlog what's today
what's the day it's 21st today so on the
22nd all orders placed on the 22nd till
midnight get a signed ball maybe it's
sign for me maybe it's sign for me and
the whole family I don't know whatever I
need everyone to do but you're gonna get
one of the balls from the actual video
in your order today 22nd wow this is
beyond cute turn it this way that way
look that way you can jump on this one
okay yep so you push off push off hop on
here juggen takes practice other foot
he's got his shoes on the wrong feet
yeah ready you got a kick off Wow leave
for okay try again that's a good job
yeah dude good job spider-man
wait you just run up here done skiing
start playing video games Oh
there's a lot of things happen a lot of
cool things that I'm really not even
ready to explain explain to you guys yet
or even know how to explain to you guys
yet so give me a few days on that and I
will but there's really cool stuff
happening my ball pit right you guys
know that it was a major success and
Nissan Nissan the car company picked it
up and they're using it as part of their
with dad campaign which is incredible as
you guys know I'm all about being and
trying to be a fun dad and a cool dad a
young dad that you know I'm all about
with that'sthat's perfect for me but a
really cool part is you wanna tell them
you know about the to be the big day no
no not that one that's a really big day
we are Nissan is including it in their
commercial Oh favorite first is that the
big game something yeah so guys I'm
gonna get to see my video I hope you
guys get to see it too during that's
like a dream come true me it's so cool
it's so cool I'm so excited about it and
it's just it's such an awesome thing to
be a part of this campaign that I think
it's great it's awesome there needs to
be there needs to be fun things for kids
and show people that things are better
with dad sorry mom
they are sorry oh that's all the
important stuff well when they're sick
they're going to you but when they're
ready to play yeah come to death yeah if
you wear the same clothes for three days
he has been home he's been wearing
Hawaiian shirts for three days
under it yeah well gets washed gets a
teeth brush homework gets done I mean
well maybe wins Oh maybe when somebody
starts with mom campaign you'll be sure
Nagai so we're just super excited and
the late start today's killed us there's
just a lot going on a lot of cool things
it's one of the times where I just I
can't explain it right now but it will
make sense soon can you tell that where
we're gonna be in what is it two-week
playlist no you can't home oh don't tell
him it was don't tell we're gonna be at
playlist live I'm not gonna tweet it out
either don't don't go to playlist and
see us on the website don't do this yeah
so we will be at playlist live I hope to
see at least want to be there just one
that'd be so funny for the meetup it's
just one person in our life what you
think there's gonna be more than that
there's no I hope so I want to feel our
fans I think we need to do something for
anybody anyone wearing a smile more
shirt playlist maybe I should bring we
need free merch I think we need emerge
for everyone we can dig alundra stands
ring we can take a bunch of good stuff
because anybody wearing a smile more
shirt at playlist we got a hook up there
getting a sense we got a hook up
I think everyone should get something we
mean everyone everyone that shows up and
come everyone every one person that's
there not work so I'm so excited so
first year ever I've been on YouTube a
long time guys it's the first time ever
I've been invited to any event VidCon
don't invite me playlist is never
invited me I'm invited this year it's so
good I didn't have to be like okay my
girlfriend home with me do well you
didn't see the emails I'd send but yeah
this is kidding so we're gonna be there
guys a lot of it maybe just do one take
a long time one take blog no cuts you
wanna do that it's already so boring
everyone's already turned it off
nobody's watching we could say whatever
we want
nobody's watching okay I always say
you're pregnant shaking but you're
pregnant I'm not pregnant
yeah you know all their ears went what
she's not pregnant that's a mean joke
sorry um what else see yeah we're gonna
be on the freakin for the ball prank the
video the big pushes with dad so I
couldn't be more excited pushing
something that positive that's likes
mama with that good thing it's a good
thing okay
I think I gotta cut this camera I'm
trying to keep it rollin but I think I
got it cuz we're just sitting on the
kitchen doing nothing what about new art
this flower store okay
all right let's talk about that let's
talk about that that's it like what do
they got me they want mines completely
different do they want just like a plain
Brittany is wearing a one-of-a-kind
smile more sure you guys noticed these
we've never printed these this was a
mistake by a printing company they
printed how many like that good a
hundred good funny thing is is I ordered
a hundred extra small which we don't
carry extra small and he printed around
so it was like so now Brittany's got at
least a hundred days worth of clean
smile more shirts I don't even have oh
this looks so bad both wearing that oh
my hairs that I can't see it very much
yeah but that's like boom saloon it's
like my band goes onstage when they're
I'm sure right no I'd even feel this oh
yeah okay another topic we need art for
small more art like not just art but we
want we want we're getting a smile more
building eventually and we want to put
all your guys's paintings and art on all
the walls so we have it we have a good
collection right now right downstairs
but we want to expand it
no I'm talking about like on our night
shirt design well that's a huge secret I
haven't even told them that you just
blew it in this one-take vlog
one-take full of secrets half of them
are true happen we're not true
um yeah guys we're about to release a
bunch new artwork for small more this is
going to always be available as the
classic classic mode it's like that's
how it started right here but we're
about to roll out a bunch of new designs
and she just spilled the beans on this
because I'm not cutting this vlog I'm
not gonna edit it out so I was gonna I
was gonna wait we had smart to show you
guys but yeah so baby if there's any
artists out there and I can't do that
I've heard that you run into like legal
problems when I do that when people
create like without contracts and things
like that I don't know maybe just maybe
just maybe just for fun if you want to
design an art piece of artwork you know
I'm gonna hook you up or something if I
use it but I probably can't use it
things are gonna go off the idea things
yeah things things are getting sticky
because like here's what happens let's
say I've already got artists and people
working on smile more logos and then one
of you guys send a logo but it happens
to be just like the one my artist is
already created or similar there becomes
a there becomes a problem there
basically at this level that I'm at I
have to like everything so complicated
it used to be so much fun now there's
there's people waiting to to make life
difficult but no no let's just keep it
let's just keep it we'll roll out some
artwork for you guys don't create
nothing yet I will find out what I can
do on that but for now we will show you
guys I even said you blew this blog I
can't upload this man unreal there's so
many cuts usually
open at all well there's gonna be cuts
at the beginning because the
skateboarding stuff but oh well this
parts all on cuts the longest uncut what
we've done what else this is my fifth
lot of water today oh my god you're
gonna be peeing all night you're gonna
pee the bed remember last time you had
five bottl walk
no there's a mess discussing um it's not
true is it huh is that my convincing
face is it is it not true that you wet
the bed with five I was a hot not anyway
Kane I love you you're my best buddy
we um yeah we gotta we gotta get him to
bed by the way I know I've been waiting
for you me like I've been busy like I've
had nothing to do today yeah there's a
monster guys I can't explain it yet but
I will
you guys know it well any time I do this
kind of stuff it all makes sense later
but for now it's gonna be confusing
mm-hmm shut it down this is the end
you're not even recording oh my god I
knew I was gonna check like three times
usually when I turn the camera Brittany
I'm actually checking to see Cory I
don't want to show you I have to because
I want to check no I did though I do 90%
of people that watch this is for you
the other 4 percent is for me six
percent retain no I'm just kidding I'm
delirious it's so I'm tired that was
that was the official longest clip ever
used in Roman
we try to just do an uncut take you made
me notice that I had to bleep a certain
event that happens on February 1st you
know what it is the big game the big
game that's what I'm talking about I
can't say on YouTube
remember I said don't you get big it
starts getting complicated bigger a man
just had to run out what did i do what
did i do I wish I could tell you God
can't get my coat off with one arm this
is tricky so many secrets you know so
many secrets
I just got my car and left what did I do
I got chips and salsa you guys are all
paranoid man I ain't doing nothing just
want a snack all right I got some snacks
all right guys I'm gonna end this um you
know today is kind of weird will be
fully on schedule tomorrow all right
guys I'm going to end this I'll be on
schedule tomorrow
um this is it for today man like
explanation is coming I love you guys we
will see you tomorrow
don't forget smile baby smile smile
that's it actually smile more
wakey-wakey
Kings gotta go poop
it's time to get up
