so how do you cut a turkey properly
there's no proper way don't you just cut
it you just have it like a vicious
animal y'all cool in my in my house it's
tradition to all just eat it face first
with our mouths it doesn't stain our
face yeah I mean I'm just happy the fact
that it's not blowing up as I got it
are you sure yeah it's a prayer let's do
it
her dear Heavenly Father and be grateful
for this day and be over at Romina
Brittany's who they've so graciously
prepared a meal for us that you'll bless
it and that we can have a good year this
year and
our house sup guys it's Thanksgiving
happy Thanksgiving we are just starting
our day off I'm just start the day off
they've been working on this stuff since
last night Brittany got up at 6:00 in
the morning to put these stuff in the
ovens and stuff what are you guys doing
games games you ready to eat oh thought
a meat straight up that's a lot of meat
I'm gonna eat that like probably moment
you like the white meat I brilliant
Elvis you only dark meat my little man
just got here everyone seems happy to
see him it's like jumping into a leech
pond God uh my mom and dad just got here
we're ready to feast ready to be fed
which leaves out rum anyone they really
love us Bob hey guys it's me kind of a
tradition for me my mom to go out just
see if there's any good deals or there's
usually not but it's just fun to go out
with all the crazies
so here do you guys wanna come with me
let's go yeah go get it good boy good
boy
hey Bobo vibes Oh see okay we're late
we're late the stores already opening
it's not even dark out yet I'll be back
Perce we made it to the mall you ready
mom I'm ready let's see if we go home
tonight or in the morning or not sure
starting at five sixty yeah five sixteen
on whoa whoa whoa and on this year we're
not close oh my gosh
all right yeah this is gonna be
adventure you guys ready let's go okay
so we're at our first store it's not too
busy the line the line is just the
busiest part
found some pillows Vidia pillows for a
bed that's all I found I found Romans
hairspray that he uses the big and sexy
is 50% off so I loaded him up on
hairspray um I don't know where my mom's
parked but it's snowing we came outside
of our first door and it's snowing so
that's pretty cool there you are I did
find her I'm probably covered in snow
okay people
oh it's now 6:12 I didn't vlog the line
I'm sorry let's see if it's can see me
there we go I didn't vlog the line the
line was really long that's the only
thing that's like really crazy is
waiting in line calling it the computers
are so slow yeah it's like there's just
too much going on for their computers
and I'm ringing baby they were handed
out in jingle balls is like sure little
pots got hung up there we're jacking
under okay there yeah that's kinda cool
okay so we're still in the mall and this
store is actually not very busy like
it's just like a normal day I feel like
a weekend day it's not crazy crazy busy
there was someone fightin dammit
yeah there's not people pushing us out
of their way which is good so yeah I
said just shopping alone
oh we see if I can write smile more huh
oh you can't see it
barely maybe if we get more snow
BRR now my fingers cold
how many more stores we got I know we
have two but the one don't open till
5:00 in the morning and it's only 7:00
at night maybe I'll just sleep in the
car tonight
it's kind of hard I really want to like
show you guys what we're getting but
it's Christmas stuff
I got Roman a couple things and I can't
show you guys is obviously he's gonna
edit this and see what I got in prison
so I can't really show you guys too much
and stuff for the kids because they
watch these the next day so I really
can't show you too much stuff like I saw
on my pillows that we got couple pillows
you can see those and Romans hairspray
that he needs on a daily basis there's
cops but they're at the doughnut show
really pretty Christmas lights beautiful
this is like the one night that I can
start listening to Christmas music like
it's okay now to start celebrating
Christmas because it's after think 12
still Thanksgiving but almost after
Thanksgiving a lot of people I saw like
we're putting their trees up before
Thanksgiving Roman wanted put our tree
up before things and I was like no you
can't go till after Thanksgiving so now
officially we can put our tree up and
look at Christmas lights and listen to
Christmas music
oh not that Christmas times like I'm not
rude off the red at this parking lot now
this place might be a little crazy
this place is really busy we'll see how
we do in the others probably nothing
left this place is pretty busy
oh one Hall one looks like about it our
long wait in line good okay so even if
you find something that's you know you
get cheaper whatever the line I mean I
show you guys I think we're gonna have
to speed it up faster like way fast it's
literally the whole store it's just the
line the back of the line
the line starts here okay let's see
I can find one all the way around the
corner oh my gosh
hurry
not even close
they've been there
well that was a line took I was like
five minutes just to walk that line okay
so we decided we're not standing in a
40-minute line we're gonna grab
something to eat
I think the only thing open is steak
Jake so we're gonna grab something to
eat and then go into a couple other
places and you guys can't see me go into
a couple other places and then go back
because the stuff we want isn't like
crazy crazy deal so it'll still be there
in a little Oh
so we're in Soviet something to eat oh
my gosh what did you get home chocolate
Jacqueline lunch rocket I got its mint
wait what was it it was mint and cookies
and cream yeah Oreos
yeah cookies and cream and mint like
bigger than my head this is a place to
avoid for several hours after like the
actual time pretty uh pretty destroyed
like there's just stuff everywhere
oh my gosh I think I found something for
the boys okay like they've seen froze
and I think just when it first came off
but he loves the snowman guy and it
makes waffles into the snowman guy I
think you would love that oh my gosh and
Robert would love this to sandwich me
how does that even work you put your ear
bun your egg and your other sandwich
yeah
I wonder if it actually really turns out
like this Fisher
yeah you guys wanted me in the blog yeah
I just found me in Cole's dad where's
room and I was like he's not here yeah
he's at home
it's not 12:15 then we're done we're
going home that's in pretty good feels
Roman is very hard to shop for because
he if he wants something he usually just
does anything to get it
it's hard to like plan ahead and
Christmas shop but one size out I'm like
oh he can tease this oh people of this
so I did get was able to get him a few
things um we had fun
shopping tired very very tired get the
tool so tired
hopefully Roman got the kids to bed okay
I'm sure kids are passed out he's still
playing its game I ever liked I met
quite a few fans out there tonight and
they really liked us flogging together
cool sounds like boss well thank God you
fought thank Britney today because I
didn't do nothing well me and the kids
played a lot he's got to be asleep he's
gotta be yeah we played all night we
played games we hung out the place is
trashed
you know typical stuff but uh we're
gonna end the vlog thanks for vlogging
now all I have to do is edit that's it
yeah so good point uh if you want to
order smile more merch I'll make it all
the way through Monday at midnight
during checkout if you put in smile more
during discount code they give you ten
percent off your whole order promo code
discount you'll see it but put in smile
more take ten percent off your whole
order which is cool so that's what we're
gonna do until Monday so that gives you
three days four days roughish yeah we're
just yourself smoke I gotta end this
I'm so tired I love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow put the smile more stuff at
the top of this description don't forget
enter smile more I love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow don't forget smile bar
I want to let you know when come on here
Logan uploaded the new sketch that him
and I filmed it's just something quick
and farm that we did I wanted to wanted
you guys to see it get you to show some
level on that it's I'll just put it the
description I'll put his channel in the
description so check it out show your
love I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow it may just be a sick vlog
though I don't know I love you guys
smile more muscles so today's video
requires a suitcase like a briefcase
full of money and we didn't realize till
this morning that the briefcase only
opens up halfway it's not we you did
okay
