what's up my friends it's a beautiful
day in Hawaii one of our last days in
our last days here but today's the big
day it's Sunday the 18th but we've all
been waiting for
I finally uploading or uploaded it's
already up by the time you see this
bonus video I've ever made don't think
of it as a crazy prank think of it as a
cool video put a little prank in it
that's basically what it is very hard
very much the most difficult video I've
probably ever made it's being sanely
difficult you can tell by the
behind-the-scenes video all hard this
video was and yeah it was miserably hard
and we're just enjoying one of our last
days here taking it easy relaxing
yeah we need more that that's about it I
do want to add one more thing guys smash
this video for me please share it
everywhere you can Facebook Twitter
wherever you can yep
I know you guys will but I'm just asking
special delivery on this one I need you
guys to really help me on this video it
took me so long and I just need your
help with this one so please smash it
share it if you share anywhere I'm going
to try to follow you and yeah that's
that
you ready for your photo shoot all these
little kids back here where else can you
play by turtles and whales I can't
believe you did
get'em
alright what's your favorite part about
Hawaii
and just the weather is beautiful the
weather is unbeatable
it's about 80 degrees every single day
of the year I think my favorite part is
my tan lines
mine is the water the waves so clear the
Turtles the whales your oldest kids make
us miss our kids so much he just
standing there like it's going to come
back to them look look at that Oh
Britney's saving the day get it get it
get it
yo my man if I don't see you tomorrow
much along you guys have been awesome
man both of you thank you
what'd she get a big donkey out here do
all this yeah well we need dunkey see
you brother good luck man yeah this
guy's made our trip so good brother
y'all finally tomorrow right yeah
killing it amber been awesome any time
you got a show to LA spirit all right
when I come back we're gonna go do a
locals day I wanna hang out with you yo
we're gonna do it all day yes yeah well
sure yeah bring the kids be nope yep
yeah and come back how fun it's gonna
happen Oh who's this Chris from
Australia huh thanks brother and you
just tracked me down in this hotel yeah
I know I know what uh just just promise
me one thing okay yeah you're not
stealing outside my door with a knife
right
go give it fire bro I I need a take a
selfie in here let's do it ha ha ah
still working on a new prank right now
oh yeah yeah I guess it all get played
yeah yeah that's it your hotel oh man
thank you so much well the hotel rooms
out everyone knows where we are
I said what is this I said a bottle of
wine I said a bottle of wine in a glass
ok very a bottle and the glass ah play
on words that's awesome
the get laid prank I did his sites has
circulated through this entire area so
everybody knows so this is our day this
is our night we we played on the beach
for little and now the rest of the
entire day has just been working and
finalizing the prank it was pretty much
done but I could take everything or go
in and make every detail exactly the way
I want it and then behind the scenes I
haven't even started so as you guys are
seeing this vlog all that stuff's up and
done but for me I went to Hawaii and
didn't even do some of the work I needed
addition I'm spending my last day doing
that you can eat them I'm not even
hungry seriously I had a but it
literally err how about guys so we've
warped into the night it's 10:20 3 p.m.
I just finished the behind the scenes
video that you've probably already
watched geez Louise I haven't even eaten
this was brought in like hours and hours
ago yeah so I know there's not much of a
vlog today but you got behind the scenes
in a brand new prank that I'm asking
everyone of you to please go share and
like and push this video if I've ever
needed you it's right now this is like
the biggest one for me it was the
hardest video I've ever made and
probably the most time consuming is
miserable miserable
so I did it was miserable I like editing
that video literally is like cringing
what looking at them balls I never want
to see one of them again oh no wait till
we go home to see you'll see more oh no
our old freakin mouse the anyway guys
sorry about the short vlog but I got a
lot of work done and tomorrow we we're
out of here we're gonna go home and see
the kids finally pumped about that
tomorrow the next day we actually see em
but well sorry Kenny
I wish I could see him tomorrow but it's
all one night funny alright guys thanks
from the bottom my heart for watching
our Hawaiian trip and instead and
waiting around for this prank I hope you
enjoyed it and I hope you'll take a
minute to go share it for me thank you
we will see you tomorrow
don't forget smile
