what's up guys welcome to the vlog today
is a little different than usual first
of all we're on the road we're taking a
little road trip up to where we're going
jersey is it actually Jersey I hope
we're going the right way today's a
little less about our family and what we
normally do and we're on a mission today
today's a mission you know it's really
hard to explain the full story but we
started getting a few messages here and
there emails tweets about a boy believe
his name is ohm it's om I don't I'm sure
that's close to how you say it who is
not doing well he's now been placed in
hospice he's 13 years old it's a very
very sad situation and story as you guys
know they pee on the trees do you guys
know if you follow this channel I get I
do a lot with make-a-wish we do a lot
for you know sick kids we do as much as
we can for those in need this one came
in very immediate this is all very last
second and we've decided to just pick up
get in the car and head to this boy's
home as soon as possible he has only one
wish and that is to meet Roman Atwood
and that to me is like get in the car
right now and go get to this boy's house
it's only almost an eight hour drive so
we're on the road so come along with us
today it's a mission make this boy's
dream come true fulfill his wish and put
some smiles on that family's face so you
went I know you went and I have no idea
where we're at right now we got Gil over
here riding with us we've got country
doing some type of leg exercise we're
kind of teaming up today headed out and
we're gonna fulfill this boy's dream man
you already see some smiles today I'm
ready it's super pumped it's gonna be
it's gonna be good chase you ready to do
this I mean you're in you're already
like halfway there we've been driving
for a few hours now I left the keys in
my lift at home I was gonna change that
light bulb real quick but it's good
let's all go with you guys instead yeah
let's go but you still behind the wheel
you want you want me to take her over
somebody take over you sure she gets
carsick she's gotta drive we are in a
very beautiful I'm not sure exactly
where does anybody know exactly we're at
pencil p-town hundred and fifty three
miles high 76 East okay
I'd say Pennsylvania's a safe safe zone
it's absolutely gorgeous fall leaves
everything is orange in the hills it's
it's perfect driving situation
we're about an hour and 40 minutes away
from this family's home and I'm getting
very nervous being nervous what are you
guys nervous no you don't think this is
a lot of pressure like the only thing I
know I've never seen a photo I've never
seen a picture this family I know
nothing the only thing that I know is
that this family needs support and
there's a good chance they know
everything about us don't have to like a
lot of pressure well here's the thing
you can't change what's already been
done right don't ever feel like you're
wasted wish because you've seen the way
people react to you in person what if I
get there I'm not what he expects you
know what if I'm smaller in person what
what if I am a zit what like I said I
just don't think I know about him is
that they need lots of support so I
we're going into this totally blind
the family has allowed us to document it
so that we can share with you guys but
that's this last thing last thing I do
want to add is that this boy according
to the family has zero idea that we're
coming this is a complete surprise this
is very last second we just heard about
this we've pretty much had a day to plan
it we jumped in the car we came here so
it is a surprise which is always awesome
I love doing that and this guy this
guy's gonna help share the moment look
at this guy minigun and mini Gill I'm so
ready Dylan
they are exactly nine minutes away from
the family's home and also we're in
Jersey where you can't pump gas yourself
you have to wait for somebody to pump
her yes which is kind of crazy a lot
different than I'm used to so we are
switching driving positions I'm up and
in here Burt went to use restroom and
we're hitting the family's home so here
we go next stop and how are ya Roman
yeah nice to meet you absolutely thank
you so much you won't believe what this
means to the family I'm not kidding you
yeah Roman and Brittany Roman said he's
your number one fan and this was his
super priority to come see you Wow and
country that's right what's up buddy
were you a little surprised yeah
I jumped in the car and drove all the
way we just drove here right now today
man eight hours from Ohio we popped a
wheelie the whole way here we love
coming to see you thank you for having
us no you realize you're gonna probably
ask to meet anybody man meet you dude
thank you so much
forgets the real
thank you so much
first of all thank you all for going
with me to meet ohm and his family that
was unbelievable what a spirit
absolutely beautiful soul that boy ohm
we love you so much I know you're
watching this you are a soldier you are
an angel and you're just truly
one-of-a-kind thank you guys for having
us home
thank you for asking me to meet you
so honored so today's lesson to me is
that and I say this all the time is that
time is the most valuable thing we have
on this planet it is truly a gift and we
must appreciate every second of it we
get you guys got any valuable advice I
chase I know you're whole now I really
do have something for you tell me that
tell me that wasn't one of the most
inspiring moments it was because you
take you take a family who's been stuck
in this situation dealing with this for
a long time
and it's almost like they're numb to it
at this point
live every single day as if it's your
last don't leave any cards on the table
don't you got any brain-busters Becker
I'm just today was just a very
it's hard to put into words but I will
say that I was so pleased to not only
meet this amazing family I meet this
amazing young man but the love of a
family they're fighting despite both and
that of the day the encouragement of
that the days that he struggles where
he's pushing forward because he has that
love about each family that family or
everything and I'm telling you was honor
Thank You Brittany Roman chase couldn't
ask to have a better family my life to
be a part of this and to make this kid's
day is awesome
I'm glad you guys came really glad you
guys came
so that being said we're just figuring
out what we're gonna do now we don't
have a hotel and that's where we're at
so kind of an adventure at this point
all right so we're gonna change the pace
of the vlog for now we just realize who
see lives like very close to this
location like it's not super close but
like it's close enough like so familiar
oh look we have no plans we have no
hotel so we can drive to foo C's on I
not like we just show up let's go toilet
paper is front door don't even say
things like that
Boosie is kind of local to us so we're
gonna make the drive and if he's home
he's home and hopefully he'd be very
surprised man he did some really mean
things to you Rome
oh man you just sat on the GG oh he did
sit on my GTR
he does okay last time we surprised
fousey and Los Angeles we took him
flowers remember because they will see
those flowers we're getting really close
to his house and we have no idea what to
expect so here we go
hello uses parents are the past week
just let us in or we're gonna just scare
cruci in his own his own place so he's
taking a while to get back country's
gonna do it are you gonna be fussy
video sorry about your room fizzy we're
waiting for you patiently your mom
brought us treats
down here which are really good I don't
know what's in it that's good
no you're no no come on boozy we're
ready for you so yeah I swear it yeah
he's gonna punch me in the face
I'm here he wants to play a game called
balloon or light or something this is it
we take turns pulling the trigger to
scare ourselves yeah like you're already
scared you having fun you got a full
cherry cobbler I did what are you doing
no yeah what's the point of it just
popping if you pop it in front of you
not on your hand yeah yeah did you pull
the trigger
oh it's sort of beard blow it girl just
pull the trigger
there's no way does it actually pop yeah
does it you know you guys look like we
packed for a month that's a lot of stuff
okay so we're jumping around a little
bit we've warped past
Yusuf's house and now we're loading up
into the hotel for the night calling it
a day very very shortly great day just
perfect
31st floor menswear we are not gonna fit
in this room guys all of us it is not
wait we do have a couch I bet it pulls
out so we are just kidding we're not all
staying in this room they have their own
rooms and we are gonna call it a night
um I think we've got to know much of a
choice
getting up early tomorrow for a very fun
day and we'll just go from there guys
thank you so much for hanging out hope
you had a great day hope you're feeling
good hope you're having just a great
time we love you thanks for being a part
of everything we do we'll see you
tomorrow you are beautiful you are one
of a kind smile more you're beautiful
one of a kind
