hey God hey guys we are in the middle of
thank are you doing already work we're
gonna move your bed down here yeah so we
got cane a dresser and we're gonna
attempt I'm gonna attempt to build this
thing uh I'm not no handyman I'll tell
you that it's some kind of candy yeah
oh my god this looks terrible oh my god
it looks terrible
yeah oh my goodness look food man
No otherwise right buddy
we got one drawer built yeah get out of
here drawer
look out we got to do the other one
do the other one ah do the other one
do the other one all right guys so this
would probably take the normal person no
time I've been on this for a long time
already I've only got three drawers
built and I'm just now starting the
actual dress yeah all right after a long
hard hard challenge I completed the
dresser it doesn't even look like
anything
mommy's built an entire pirate ship over
here
I can't even build a dresser pathetic
really did good
I so now it's frickin raining it's
raining sorry about the late vlog guys
it is already nighttime it's only 6
o'clock but it's already dark and want
some more hamburgers and hot dogs No
yeah why would I make that so firing up
the grill baby it's real time so I
really haven't given much of a vlog at
all today to be honest we've kind of
worked through a lot of the today we
just finished some some grill out grill
out dinner and now no and I are going to
team up Call of Duty advanced Warfare's
online and have some fun just hang out
which it's Sunday for us so it's just
been a nice lazy family day I'm really
picked up the camera much as you know
already so I'm showering not a bad first
game how'd you do how'd you do oh man I
didn't do too well either
boom you hate bedtime
this place is a wreck man we have to
rebuild this place sleeping in here
everybody's everybody's moving rooms in
the house
can't move downstairs no I'm moving into
the spare room and I'm just switching
things up you know it's spicy making it
fresh make a funky fresh I love you
don't sleep good yeah big hug no I'm a
little girly hugs am tickly okay I love
you I love you you're never going to bed
yeah
night buddy I love you is so hyper
mm-hmm oh yeah I think I'm gonna feed
him yo guys so I'm looking at the UM I'm
looking at the computer and I just
counted nine months ago let me see let
me find the official one nine months ago
that I officially said that daily vlog
start today and I made that promise and
I made that promise and I kept breaking
that promise but nine months ago I
officially said hey uh hey uh am I
officially said daily vlog start now
nine months ago
and ever since then I've not missed a
day I have not missed a day in nine
months actually is 295 vlogs in a row I
haven't missed so proud of you see that
thumbnail was right there on the floor
what Kansas oh yeah so it's good that's
huge for me and like days like today I
think instead of me trying to make a
good blog for you guys I need to just
realize that not every day is that fun
and exciting and I need some rest with
my family so that being said I'm sorry
today's vlog sucks ass terrible it's the
worst vlog I've ever made we had a lot
done the Okies room we got we we had to
get stuff done yeah it's just the bottom
line is we had to get stuff done so
forgive me we'll start fresh tomorrow
really fresh yeah take notice cool Brian
morning Oh
all right guys that's it that's all I
got I'm not gonna extend it and try to
make a vlog out of this I'm just gonna
end it alright guys so actually as
you're watching this it's 296 blogs I'm
going to try to go to
before I quit volume so never quit all
right guys that's all I got thanks for
all the likes even on a crappy vlog let
me ask you a serious question and tell
me in the comments is a vlog like this
better than no vlog at all be honest
like in my head I would be like now I'd
rather not even see it but maybe you
guys think differently tell me in the
comments I love you guys we'll see them
all smile more
let's try one of these mortars light it
up Gil ready here we go
Oh jack
