what's up guys today is super exciting
um you know my brother Dale he makes
manufacturers the dominoes and stuff
well he made us something really cool
and they're finally ready to show so
I've made a little trip out to see these
things today so uh I'm excited let's go
check this out I brought my little man
with me what's up dude say hi you see
these icicles yeah let's go get one
look at these icicles I get one yeah
there let's see if I can reach one this
one's big woo it's cold
throw it on the ground throw it hard
whoa come on all right guys we're about
to get a serious exclusive treat right
now so here we go what the heck is this
this is raw plastic material clear
polypropylene touch it
whoo looks like snow and ice all right
so this is taking raw plastic pellets it
sucks up into here and it goes down this
tube and color is injected into it it
goes down here yeah and it's getting
heated so there's a big screw in here
that rotates back and pushes forward so
right there just shot plastic in just
looks pretty complex dude I don't know
is this really doing anything or is this
just here for looks
it's basically for looks what are we
making so what is Dale up to you're
making Roman Atwood pranks smile more
cups dude oh it's still warm
yeah they come out at 400 some degrees
so that is wicked the bpa-free safe
non-toxic dishwasher safe they're the
real deal this isn't your average
run-of-the-mill crapper where and you're
pumping them out
but cut it so it only takes 17 seconds
to actually make the cop the rest Oh
rest is just time and clean how friggin
cool is that
where'd you get this Walmart alright
yeah they're having a sale Black Friday
sale last year they were selling these
Sam's Club
so Dale's went ahead and made us some
sweet awesome party cups dude and these
are these are like movie theater cups
they're hard plastic they're gonna last
a while
I love it in cane do you like these
they're awesome how they met your head
you want to take them home
what's the state filter this is cooling
water
and this is a water system so we have to
run the temperature up in the water and
actually keep the mold
sounds crazy as
this looks like something from another
planet
four hundred and thirty degree plastic
goes in there's one there's cold water
running through this so it cools down
faster
this is an adult big wheels that's
freaking awesome did you have fun that
was cool that was my bag
three nice it up got some lunch for us
okay no cereal you know any cereal it's
the good kind hey just take one bite
yeah take a bite come on alright stand
against the wall stand against the wall
I'm gonna throw it at you yeah I am are
you ready sit look come here
look touch it
wait Brittany just saw a kit and run
into these this field and she's
convinced that she can get it and save
it is she really gonna get this cat I'm
just waiting for coyotes hop out an
attacker Wow boom oh man it wouldn't
come to me it looked like you were right
there I know you wasn't to me though at
least she tried to save the kitty or
kitty
no one come to me I like tried to grab
him in a run
well he's built for this out here
they're built for the snow he was so
cute Jabba they're all cute man he just
couldn't make it
hey buddy you ready I'll carry a little
bit look at you wake up with a smile
you're so cute dude are you in a store
no no no it's a shopping cart
so turn
you ready to come out and fight the cold
and hit the store oh yeah I did the most
important thing yeah we are getting some
groceries man kids eat it up that's a
lot of bananas cakes banana pancakes
my favorite aisle in the entire store
cereal I'm alone I had zero forever
forever I used to live on it I remember
days where I'd eat at breakfast lunch
and dinner before I was out of my
parents house I'll just live on it it
all looks so good
that is that is ridiculous
oh you're pushing me you're pushing me I
got turn on the engines let's see we can
make you slide and then and we are back
Brittany really wants to save this cat
she's lucky sometimes she's really
getting in there
no way no he's thick I can't believe you
found it
oh it's hearts racing let's get him home
so I'm all about cats I love cats I
happen to be a cat person but we can't
have a cat we just can't have a cat and
now we have a cat in my garage right now
so you better find a home pretty quick
little girl maybe one of the soldiers
want him did that cat jumping off your
chest when you cashed it up I was
usually cats just like fries and like
let you hold them I was dying all right
guys so I'm um I'm doing some makeshift
stuff right now I've got my little light
because my light kit is that my
brother's place because he does photos
chase and I were supposed to do the
photos for the new products today but he
got busy so it's me in the kitchen with
my little light on the kitchen counter
doing photos of the cups so that they're
on the site by the time you're seeing
this work never stops never stops I'm
addicted to it
special people am i alright I think I've
done it I've worked past a little photo
shoot with my homemade backdrop my I
tried it with straws I left just one end
I got pretty crafty with this one I do
love these though man these are these
are awesome imagine these are the best
party cups in the world smile more to
party yeah alright guys just like that
did a little editing a little Photoshop
in and the cups are on the store see you
don't need a big company doing this
stuff you can do this by yourself you
your family you can do it so while
there's a little motivational speech for
you
check out the cups guys on the website
links at the top of this description
they're awesome they're fun cups are
colorful they remind you to smile I love
them and they're literally made right
here my brother makes so it's in the
family guys so thank you for the support
ahead of time it's awesome alright guys
we're going to end today's vlog thank
you for all the love to support the
likes as usual and we will see you
tomorrow for more tours Friday already
these weeks are just like a blur to me
there we go oh no the cat what do we do
with the cat guys I love you see you
tomorrow
smile more it's cold and I'm full you
know maybe wearing a jacket would help
me in this situation
