what up what up guys it is 12 degrees
outside and we just couldn't get lucky
again today huh we got school no one's
got school today but that's alright we
got really lucky yesterday we had a fun
day off anyway just take a note of
school now and start in our day have an
awesome day baby
I love ya see ya
breakfast is served
chocolate no you got that because you
ate all your grilled cheese I used to
know when we're bite and some applesauce
alright so we just finished some food
we've had our own little costume party
out here we've we've destroyed the place
King we destroyed the place what are we
gonna do I know what we're gonna do
you're gonna run oh no not the gun
nothing we out of here alright so we
bounced out of our house we are headed
over to see our great buddy who's our
great buddy only got some time to come
see our buddy let's go see him cam oh
he's happy
she got boy what you got all thing wants
to do is play he doesn't even care you
had to make a really big hard decision
over the last couple months and that was
moving to LA for the movie and being
back and forth in LA for the next year
probably Britney's mom said that if I
built her a fence around her whole yard
that she would keep Zeus for us while
we're gone so we built this entire fence
around the entire property
and now Zeus lives here while we're gone
the only problem is Zeus has fallen in
love with beau and Brittany's mom you
wanna go inside Zeus
Mizzou's come here baby come here
he's like peace hey clay ki daddy
awesome you live in the dreams is they
sleep here and I sleep on the couch
so basically Zeus is living the dream
he's allowed he's happy yes I'm happy
that he's happy because we have to keep
we have to actually keep going back to
LA for the next year in and out and it's
just it's not good for Zeus that we're
keep coming back and forth so he's just
gonna stay with her mom he's got a huge
yard he's got a nice house and I don't
think she would bring him back over
we're good it takes um he's been saying
anyway yeah the Zeus is pretty much in
love with because he was never allowed
on the couch at our house you just took
over the whole house you're something I
forgot big you were we just ran over to
Gilroy's house he's got my camera so I
can show you guys the fish tank because
this camera doesn't work in the fish
tank so partly person's birthday present
that we got him was a hit it's like call
of duty but plants versus zombies
cool plane we are now on our way to go
get Noah from school and then we got at
the grocery store how was school dude
that's it
tell me about it what you do
just watch it on the test you think you
did good
ken are you ready to go to school
me neither we decided against going to
the store today it's gonna be a boys
night right us boys all night yeah
mommy's gonna go with her mommy yeah
mommy's gonna go and get Veronica's baby
shower stuff cuz as you've seen earlier
Veronica's gonna pop soon their ball
gonna pop cities roads guys gonna have a
little boys night tonight can't do that
without some unhealthy Pizza baby whoo
it's my favorite pizza in the whole
world by far oh yeah who's ready for
some videogames junk food we had to stop
and pick up this monster Kane stayed
awake the whole time don't smile oh okay
so just go home I saw a lot of you guys
were asking about the fish tank I didn't
have the right camera so I just went and
got mine from chases for some reason
this thing makes the tank look right the
lighting and everything this thing just
blows it out bright blue so you can't
even see in the tank so I'm gonna hook
this one out
so there you have it there's the fish
tank and the corals everything's growing
so amazing for those of you to ask I do
have a company that manages that fish
tank while I'm in LA so that's why it
looks so good now there's more important
things dude this looks like I'm gonna
eat the whole thing by myself alright
guys be honest how's dinner you like it
whoa hey spider-man why don't you just
use your spider powers to get on top of
the counter I just snuck downstairs to
get the best toy in the world
the smile more tickle bug this is the
greatest pen ever invented this is what
you do take it just like I did oh and
you take it watch let me get your ear
tell me if it tickles you know there's
something about when I just hang out
with the boys there's just something
about not picking up the cans so hard
for me to just grab the camera and film
what we're doing and then I lose track
of time and just like that there your
room needs clean bro looks like a
hurricane was in the air I was I'm doing
the parties try to get like the baby
games and all that what kind of games do
you play at a baby scheppers with
pacifiers on them and everyone gets one
when they come in the door and you're
not allowed to say the word baby for the
whole time for the whole shower so if I
hear you say baby I need to take your
necklace and the person at the end of
the shower with the most necklaces wins
a prize cool well tell her guys the kids
were great kids gave me no grief I know
we had fun we had fun we are going to
chill out watch a movie
yeah we're trying to find a good movie
what's a good movie on that place guys
comedy comedy we need good comedy but I
think we spend more time on Netflix
looking for movies than we actually
watch so help us out what's a good movie
I love you guys I'll see you tomorrow
don't forget oh boy guys I love you
