oh you guys looking very good excursion
don't you shiny
you oughta just get laid yes that's what
I would do hours with wing worth watch
what you say that yes when you later on
tonight tonight you and me what you
talking about I can't wait wait I can
handle it you don't think I can handle
it yeah I ran back up here why do you
think I came over break you you would
break me in two you're talking about us
just trying to lay you y'all crazy
hey what's up my friends I know you're
probably looking for adventure vlog
today but I only got one thing in mind
to film a new prank here in Hawaii so
for about two years I came up with this
prank about two years ago probably and I
said if I ever go to Hawaii I'm gonna
try this prank and I'm pretty sure could
only be done here you're gonna be in it
with me yeah and be my cameraman yeah Oh
camera woman these are work performance
hey let's just get a bunch of these
colored ones an ass how much are they
I'm attorney
I like that one what's good let's get
this four hmm
so here in Hawaii I could be totally
wrong it could be other places too but
here in Hawaii they have things called
leis and they're usually fake or real
flowers that go around your neck like
this oh wait that's right so there's
there's a saying where you get laid in
Hawaii so like two years ago I was like
would it be fun to go up to people like
guys and girls and be like oh you want
to get laid tonight and get their
reaction go on and then pull out a leg
it's like a play on words it's a silly
it's more like a smile more video but
I've always wanted to do it whether it
sucks or not I'm gonna try it today
because I've been thinking about it for
years yeah that's a long story let's do
it
so Brittany is one of our first times on
the camera this thing looks huge in your
hands we're at this little shopping area
probably going to get run out really
fast here
I mean if it's anything like what I'm
used to store owners are gonna be
okay yeah come over here come on but one
problem right off the bat is everybody
knows what I'm talking about
there's no it's no surprise when I say
looks like you want to get later it's
just so obvious like in Hawaii its to
comedy to hear that this week its week
you're coming hey my play like a wife
yeah but it makes more sense here
yes but yeah do that thing feel like I
have a fetish with trees or something we
get a tree in our room always talking
about trees I don't know they're just so
bizarre are you gonna talk to me today
are you gonna bite me oh you're gonna
bite me oh my kisses are you giving me a
kiss oh you're so pretty dude that's it
so like it oh you want more huh you want
more you want kiss you want to kiss the
soldiers oh so we are uh we're gonna
take a little break I think what we need
to do is go down and try again once
people have had a few drinks it's really
early it's morning so there's just not a
lot of like everyone's like this from
last night oh yeah man that's cool yeah
hey you guys look like you want to get
laid huh under there so why are you go
husbands I don't see him where are they
getting laid oh there's no shock I did
get one that was gold gold is so good so
maybe it's just something I work on this
evening or through the week and I
actually have a full video I don't know
maybe I'll just put it up as a fail for
you guys on the blog we just walked over
to uh I don't know where we're at
it's freaking nice though but there's
some cliffs over here that you can dive
off of so we got to store our bags at
this hotel that we're not staying at
here we are
we got to get in just cuz I got a piece
all right what's so vivid this guy this
guy washes the bitch yeah
we just hung out with the sea turtle he
just happened to be swimming by when we
were snorkeling whoa
how even on earth painting can't clear
my ears but you think that turtle it was
the most amazing thing of everything you
finally got to swim with a turtle
there's Turtles out there tries a pickup
trucks yes
how many eat was nobody up here nobody
likes you guys go ahead yeah all right I
want you to pronounce this drink ready
yep you got a pronounce the one oh I can
see which one you're eating pig Oh Makka
pakka
oh my I don't have no idea
Huma Huma dukkha dukkha there's no ease
in there
that Suns going down all right are you
ready for this like this oh man look at
that I don't even know where to start
Brittany Brittany strong lobster tail
for the first time here Eddie you got to
put like I don't like anything it
doesn't even taste like seafood at all
it's just butter
it's just like we finished our meal
about four waiters here knew who I was
and they just drop this on the table
what you gonna do with that that's a
mountain dude yeah it's a sport spoon
fork sport yeah it's our signature
research this awesome thanks bro my
second year so yeah Oreo cookie crust on
the bottom vanilla macadamia and ice
cream full punch
freeze that overnight venusian more
fudge men consider heart attack right
this cancels every no no I gotta just
take one minute to thank you guys you
guys are so awesome everywhere we went
today
you guys have showed up soldiers fan
whatever you guys want to be called
showed up friends best friends family
whatever
so guys they were not part of you guys
anyway I just want to thank you you guys
are awesome you've been so enjoyable on
this island and so nice to us I'm
hurting I'm so full
what are you our driver how are you oh
yeah yeah yeah is it good we're looking
for live music tonight because we failed
so bad last night we decided to get a
cab and head out
oh yeah what's your name man Johnny
Johnny Johnny yeah you don't look like a
Johnny to me yeah you have Johnny dude
no ha ha ha
Johnny thanks man no yeah all right guys
pop question hot shot what kind of trees
are these tell me I would call them
pretty freaking awesome trees leave this
same
oh my god can we curse the bad luck for
life but are these trees like how it
grows no I can't grow like that they
made it do this right it doesn't touch
the ground this one's got some support
come on Brett
I don't know if you're paying any
attention but this tree branch how does
this work this tree branch grows from
that tree comes across this walkway and
grows into that tree now you explain
that to me you explain that to me see
that that's one piece so the other place
we go in Betty's or Safety's Brooke time
I don't think this island is known for
their nightlife I'm sorry if you're from
here I just don't think it exists so far
you got nice trees I love the trees
Lahaina pizza company we finally found
live music guys here
that's what I said I said Lahaina
Lahaina this is the best that we could
find and it's good
well if it's 8:46 p.m. and the band's
packing up telling you you want to make
a lot of money come to Maui open up a
nightclub slash bar slash music place
man where people go to watch awesome
bands and live music
local easy you call it the big Blowfish
we just came up with that big bad
Blowfish that would be that's what we
would call it so I'm telling you man
come to Maui and open up a club it will
make you own the island one year we'll
take a watch and somebody come here
there's going to be a place called big
I think you're thinking a big bad fish
mouth real big fish and
lotions for you come you need a rock and
roll baby what's your name Michael
Michael yeah you don't look like a
Michael oh you know I just like I say
that to everybody that Michael yaks and
okay right yeah all right you know what
oh yeah it's beautiful but there's no we
need some live bands yeah I'll be here
amuse it doesn't exist does it right
over here they're open and glow open and
glow yeah yeah and the people that now
you know the people car come and they
come the time you see empty nobody would
stay back you know what you gotta do you
gotta open up your own club with music
man they do you take fight you would
take over this whole book just that
Tariq why get the local what they do all
right we're back we're back we had fun
with the jobs are awesome Michael and
Johnny yet tonight they were just on
fire maybe the last guests I don't know
anybody son I'm signed about uber ever
bring up uber and a taxi this is that's
like that's like what you don't do ever
they get so often a lot of taxi drivers
switch over to or so I didn't even know
if they knew about it or even had it
here way to go Rex wait nothing okay so
many messages so many messages in our
hotel room guys you guys find us no
matter what I love it's cool out
whatever you guys are the bomb.com how
do we trash a room like this so fast
we've been here one day I don't know
however I guys imagine coming back to
your hotel room with your girl
and just cuddling up I am down and just
do whatever you want that would be you
know what I'm just gonna edit the vlog
that's what I'm gonna do I have to the
way it works here in Hawaii is I have to
edit every night otherwise they don't go
up in time just internet reasons and
stuff like that but uh yeah so forget
that that fun idea see you in the
morning I'll see in the morning baby see
in the morning I love you we love you
guys thanks for all the love and support
on these vlogs you guys are unbelievably
awesome today we ran into more fans than
I even thought we had yeah it's
absolutely insane so I should start
trying to put them in the vlog more it's
so hard we love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget to smile more no
way this is happening right now what is
this
see into the road says we have six miles
I can't believe we got that for uh we
