well good morning tonight I can't I
don't know which one it is that's she's
ready she's ready she's ready
welcome to the void guys starting today
exactly where I left off yesterday Kors
about to taking that probably that means
Brittany is - hey what's up cool no we
know we bout Bowie what's up what you
looking for huh look like you're
eyeballing my turkey oh boy I don't
eyeball your food I don't I don't what
I'm going outside I'm gonna Ross I we
got the Brent law just show you guys but
i'ma run out real quick and while
walking come join me whatever that is I
went to pull I don't know if I said
I went to pull up my pants my grandma
underwear in the hole elastic like the
band that goes around just ripped like
all the way up there was my lucky
underwear flat dang it how's it going Oh
guys this thing we've been we have not
had this out since we got it look at
this beast dude look at the camera it's
bigger than my vlog camera it's huge
listen Sandra chase is so happy days ago
got this new drone which is supposed to
be just just top of the line it's very
exciting we're excited to get it out
today we're just gonna throw it up see
what we get and know got you something
maybe something should pull out your
other awesome new toy and just hit that
little dirt ramp over there that little
bump but it's not ready I can hit it now
hit it should pull out your other
awesome new toy and just hit that little
dirt ramp over there that little bump
but it's not ready I can hit it now hit
it give you guys some perspective on the
size of this thing it is so much bigger
than our normal drone that we throw up
like in here do that whoa dude that's
crazy I had no idea how big that thing
is look at the camera dude oh you know
baby it makes that look like a toy bro
Oh hyper very high for right now nose
when you alright chase you want
something chase alright boy Jackie Bob I
just want to statue uh no you ready for
your first flight hey you ready for its
first the first maiden voyage right here
this could be it can send it up and it
could just nosedive into the concrete if
I've seen it happen damp you ready buddy
you ready staring it down Jase he's
staring it down you got things gonna
chase me ain't it a hummingbird oh yeah
but you see that landing gear it just
reversed
that's not good she's bleeding oh no
little dips bust it out she's bleeding
bad
we're the hole in the bed No
oh this one lasted the whole thing just
started bleeding cracked right there the
whole thing cracked right back there
what things cracked so we've we got it
up front we've officially blown the
front diff out it's cracked open it's
bleeding out darhk's just starting have
fun you know just just open it up part
of the break-in is not part of breaking
in it I don't think there's a deal like
we got the drones fine so that's a huge
plus I feel like I'd rather broken that
in the drum wrench on this bad boy so I
hope you guys like the drone footage
don't know what it looks like yet but
what but yeah we could go watch it I'm
gonna go check on the family everybody's
awake by now and tell them the great
news about the pull my glove off pull my
glove off
what are you watching old blogs oh yeah
feel my hands filled my hands their ice
everything was going perfect jump jump
jump jump jump jump jump boom front
differential cracks open and starts
bleeding all over the ground
yeah on the can-am it's like what
connects all the gears to the tires and
the axles and yeah it's broke and we're
gonna take it out back and bury it it's
gonna be buried
oh she all packed up and ready she looks
like a little snowball in there huh it's
cold out there
like what is this what is this she's
smiling we see you too we see you too
there we go all right ready to rock
let's do it we're burning a lot a lot of
data kids even want to go to my brothers
and solve ice where's everybody at
oh we forgot Kane crap we gotta go back
nah he poked out so yeah we're going to
my brother's house have been over for a
while and we're just gonna hang out who
knows what we're gonna do really
what's up crazy Conrad now the kids
couldn't come just us you right come out
here no snowball you got a mitten off
what's up bro like you're in your little
nook nook over here
yeah hey I'll be right there it's cool I
mean played this yet not even one time
and it plays it good like forth zombie
run old zombies pretty intense looking
tense man cover up look cold
what you what you feeding these water
buffaloes ladies guys my k I got kittens
and these guys look huge
that's Simba not Simba guys what's a big
Raja Raja from Aladdin right
ah he just doesn't even going on in here
dude
it looks like the old smile more shops
oh I've never seen this it's been I
haven't been over here for a while this
is awesome dude Dale started his own
little merged bull I mean it's bigger
than how I started this is nice actually
it is probably bigger than I should have
started oh my god we'll just grab some
boxes and when I put me with you yeah I
noticed you took over the old VR room
no I already are actually upgraded the
room I can explain explain all right in
this room there
to entryways that have to be kept home
right so boom stuff there or there which
gets rid of a lot of real estate yeah if
we look across the hall we have a
perfect cube a play area man you did it
right oh you did it right brah how long
that take you a four hour let's see oh
is it
yeah dang you know the cool stuff over
here dude
bulletproof wow I didn't mean it I check
it out I don't like smiles while he does
it
he's so happy get him stick up for me
you already know what to do I know you
like black I know you gave it to me I
love it dude that is so cool
I find the back of it just for you where
I mean I will it's not sorry I mean I
will be what throw my bro some support
he started some merch and I love it did
the smiles great yeah this is my
favorite one for sure are you going for
Attwood because that's our last member
you going for like your own brand name
like it's my own brand my dream to have
like these cool Atwood shirts it's gonna
be everything like eventually all hats
hoodies but for now it's just like
Atwood it's not really it's like like at
work Kors never for sale oh I didn't
realize you had her in a bucket I
thought you were holding her up was like
geez girl show my bro some love I will
link his my new senior monster but it's
new I don't can't feel that bad maybe
maybe for the website I could put you in
one yes I love it
you got to do some photoshopping but I
can do that right photoshopping every
frame of every one of my videos every
time I'm citing as you're seeing this I
photoshopped every frame I love it I
hope for the best man whatever you're
doing to these cats keep it up there are
mean no matter how rough the kids get or
anything he will not call no he's a good
like he knows
what to do with these trying to teach
her you know Cora going kick him with
your feet boom boom ah yeah he's making
a work out doing her exercises let me
walk instead she is moving everywhere
she lost interest
I'm not holding her at all oh my god
Oh canes got you on this now this game
is great just you just gotta get good at
it
oh all right we're off at a gate great
great time you guys have a good time so
much fun you guys were animal you were
animals in there okay okay I had a great
time over at my brother's visited for
just a bit and uh we're off to see his
doors open it says my doors open
technology man you brought corn Oliver
oh man this is corny out here dude it
looks like there was a tornado gonna
sneak up on you Mission Impossible style
you too sneaky Tennant don't dad okay
alright I wasn't touching him I was most
jealous dog in the whole room girl I am
so envious of your comfort level right
now you it looks so much better on you
than me you look
her gloves that are ways out the oven
you want it back you like her new little
no alright guys we are gonna call it a
day right they're gonna don't even know
what's going on here check this out all
right that's a roller with a I can't
stop coughing my throat's going crazy
I got very late we are trying to get
ready for something that we're doing
very early in the morning we have to get
up very early gonna take you guys along
tomorrow so there will definitely be
another vlog I don't what are you
looking for the baby monitor I thought
you were I thought you were the baby
monitor we love you guys so much we're
gonna bounce today thank you so much for
being here thanks for being a part of
what we do every day we love you you're
beautiful you are one-of-a-kind
you
