you can't beat me I've always wanted to
ride a bike on one of these that'd be
fun you go like double speed right we're
here guys we did it
we made it I wish what do you mean I
mean it's water oh we still got another
plane we just landed in Denver Denver
the heck's in Denver bringing pizza on a
plan
whole Plains in this millage we're not
wasting no time we're about to board our
second plane so you think this plane is
much bigger it literally just set the
blog publishing while we're on the plane
about to take off
personal electronic devices all I know
is they're still friggin Snell
we got to get out of here we got to go
do something I'm going to eat because
you're always eating
ha we've made it and I know this flight
seemed about like a minute long for you
guys but however we fly in 7 hours on
our last flight hours on our first oh so
like 10 hours 10 hours of flying today
to get to those trees
you ready get outside I'm ready to get
outside it's prior to being inside and
playing all day it's time we're not in
Kansas anymore
whoo feels so nice out here yeah so we
didn't plan any of this we just showed
up on this island and we're deciding to
try to rent a car kind of cars you got
Lambo Ferrari Corvette Stingray poor
vette mm probably the first one ever
tell you you got a terrible view out
here I mean that is one off of you to
look at this is the company mascot right
here what all right ready
all right gene you're looking for G hey
yeah not the greatest time to land on
this island it's already getting dark
but we'll be able to start funky fresh
tomorrow with a full day of it we just
rented a car so basically this island is
ours
wait yeah cuz you don't know where
you're going you don't know where you're
going yeah anyone Haji 21 right here
Volkswagen
oh all right we're on the island baby we
are driving to our hotel now I'm trying
to get adjusted I got us a nice little
car it's gonna it's gonna be our little
horsey on this trip so first thing we're
gonna do is hit those I'll drop off our
stuff and then I'm down to fine good
food I know I need something to see this
is where we need recommendations like we
don't know where what what we're going
up err
we're going always it's in the clouds
it's hard to tell on camera but
I don't even know what to say about this
we are in the middle of the Pacific
Ocean literally the first thing we're
going to do is grab some food we found
this little paradise grill I have no
idea what it is but it looks like our
type of fish last thing I wanted to do
is get here and have to eat but we flew
all day ten hours of flying on an
airport we did
I had some weird sandwich and airplane
you had couple pieces of pizza yeah
we're starving like I didn't want to go
to the hotel right now no matter wha
Brittany's getting a big old steak
actually their little steak for plays
I'm getting hot wings and fries
we just ran it ran into a soldier what's
up baby what's up brother this is your
kid she's beautiful she's a little bit
tired but she's a family man keep up the
good work bro thank you all the best I
don't think I've ever eaten that fast in
my life
I don't either I was like a dog I just
like scooped it all into my mouth so
places on fireman tiki tiki torches
everywhere
that's great I can't explain how
beautiful it is outside it's like
breathtaking man I feel out of breath I
don't know if you can see it but it's
just palm trees and stars it's like the
greatest day ever
freakin flamingos at our hotel why so
this is the kind of stuff I only see at
the zoo they got a saltwater tank you
imagine what my tank would look like if
I lived by the ocean all right we just
got to our room I get some lights on
this is nice that's probably like oh
there's my editing couch for the vlogs
right there yeah we're there we go
oh my Lanta oh listen to them waves
oh there are big waves yeah that's
awesome thank ya I've never ever
struggled that hard I came in the
bathroom I'm like where in the hell is
the toilet there's no toilet in this
bathroom and then we open this closet
yeah I know this is just the closet it's
behind the door so stupid so silly so
the hardest part about these type of
travels is that by the time you get here
is it's 2:00 a.m. all the time sort of
feels like 2:00 in the morning I feel
like I look like it's due in the morning
I feel like it
nothing there's nothing in it so we
decided before we end oh my god you
could just fall right in this Oh God
before we called it a night we'd come
out at least check out the place before
we start fresh tomorrow in the water oh
they just put them in then they start
growing we are out here in Hawaii
my friends we made it it's absolutely
beautiful you can actually see the stars
like out at our house this is going to
be some epic vlogs coming up I know
today is like just traveling but we have
so many things we're going to do we
rented a car so we can drive around this
entire island check it out learn about
it I like learning about things we met a
couple we met two guys in the airport
our locals here that were telling us you
know like the elf I think it was like 14
or 17 different letters 14 letters in
their alphabet in Hawaii it's just like
I love like learning stuff about I know
it's cool I want this right now right
now how do we get it you got twenty
dollars for a dream 20 bucks for
pineapple full of gear delicious gearing
any no I think I'm gonna do some popcorn
girl a drink you know saying guy had
Black Label scotch and in a pineapple
so what's your name man what's your name
I'm Roman looking at like so so this new
blog camera has a screen on top flips up
I showed you in yesterday's vlog but we
haven't tried it yet I just flipped it
up but I'm it yeah look at that
pineapple anyway it makes us look at the
screen instead of you guys so I'm not
sure if I like it at all but it's good
for like like group yeah you do look
terrible I was going to show you I was
going to tell you yeah you look awesome
I love it like this
Brittany got her Cosmo has no caffeine
new york-style really have like one
got you hands on it welcome to Hawaii
yeah let's do this picture huh
mommy now we got it we got it this is my
this is my welcome to Hawaii drink right
here it's a cut open pineapple
full of pina colada with heavenly
you're spilling it here's to an epic
next couple weeks in Hawaii
sprague the new mark we're back up into
the room and now kind of bumping it get
to like do some cool stuff today but I
mean we traveled all day so it is what
it is um what I suppose are gonna get in
the vlog oh I'm gonna feel really dumb
for doing this I don't know if I'm gonna
get hate for it or not but uh I always
ask you guys to share the pranks and
show your love to the pranks but what
about the vlogs like we're about to do
10 epic vlogs like the best that I can
do I'm gonna make them really fun and I
put a lot of time and work into making
these vlogs everyday and not just for
you guys
in 20 years me and my family are going
to want to watch these so these are
these are for us too so I guess what I'm
asking is if you have any time please
share your favorite vlog we've ever made
today right now just stop and share it
and tell people to check this channel
out cuz I'm really gonna try to expand
it over the next couple weeks and take
it from there I wanna I want to go
really far with this channel and at the
rate it's growing with your guys's help
I know we can we can make it freakin
awesome so uh and tag us in it cuz we
want to know what your favorite play is
like is it us with the family or yeah
the family vlogs the family won't seem
to do really well Travel will always do
pretty good like yeah so so show your
love if you have a minute please share
one of our blogs tell your friends to
check us out and let's let's see what
happens with this I want to see you
guys's power today I love you let's
start an epic 10 days and we're not
gonna stop there either that's just
that's just hearing why we love you guys
thanks for everything
don't go and we'll fall we'll do follow
Spri tomorrow night for everybody that
shares it on Twitter blogs alright we
love you guys
don't forget smile more
that was a good wipeout yeah that was a
great way Val
