what's up my friends we are starting
today in a very interesting area check
this out it's actually really cool
this whole area just reminds me of the
movies if you see in the movies you know
after I attempted to spray-paint our
wall I got to give mad credit to these
guys I mean this is way harder than it
looks
another day another playground what's up
boys wow the toys are getting unloaded
we are basically setting up for today
tons of equipment tons of equipment
chases got blog camera - I got little
cam he's got big cam ready have some fun
man
okay what is all this this doesn't do
anything nothing it's just for looks
this is Hollywood magic it does nothing
right says nothing it just looks coolest
you only reason we have it all this
stuff it does nothing so these guys are
installing squibs - these hoodies
it's basically you've seen it in movies
when someone gets shot it makes the
effect of a gunshot so blood shoots out
one Sun blood shoots out the back final
unit looks like this the actual squib
itself is a tiny little injection in the
middle crater that's the actual charge
closure
that's a pyrotechnic device and that
gets wired into our transmitter over
goes on to a metal backing plate sits on
a piece of cardboard and the squib sits
in that little divot right there
m-yeah so that piece of brass is between
you and the little pyrotechnic explosion
so then this is all going to be wireless
so when the gunfire is triggered
timed what fraction of a different same
topics yes this is a mini explosion
it's a tiny explosion yeah we'll be
filming a very fun crazy video today
very crazy video what's up guys if he
just pulls up the band we found some
food you want to go yeah I'm down for
that
oh it's right we could enjoy we didn't
even drive anywhere else you drive dude
oh this is gonna be amazingly bad as a
Soviet we literally just went from there
to here oh this is gonna be amazing
interesting spot to set up your booth on
the railroad track okay film that yeah
that's good good see oh yeah is
everybody happy
yeah it's getting yeah like this is what
you end up with this is called a what
that's called a Mexican pizza
thanks what do you think bro bomb
unbelievable forget it I will see on my
stuff why not change
racha racha it's like that's like it's
called it's like dirty sandal hey will
you tell them that I said thank you and
they love their food set till you tell
them good I don't know no say in your
language all right Lisa Gill a Gracie la
comida that's it thank you
I just like hearing you talk right now
that's cute I'll take you home with me
every 45 minutes they have to pack the
whole tent up move because the train
comes through it's unbelievable it's
amazing
they are bringing in a lot of pallets
right here
for decoration nothing more than
decoration and their right if it's all
right with you miss a moment after this
get bit if I could take the impalas I
might be able to build me a house I mean
like firewood or anything
yeah that's mixing fire he like mansion
Union I got my scary mother effers with
me today ha is the scariest oh this will
be the second time they've been in the
movie okay my second second scene baby
that's right it's awesome we're gonna go
take an Instagram pic you guys kind of
match the walls here you seen this guy
on the street all these guys on the
street you'd be like and there's
scariest prop criminals probably in the
prison they like the nicest softies on
the planet this guy this guy brought up
this guy brought a bunny rabbit just
going to sit this where all the fun
happens today man
you guys ready to be entertained I'm
scared for the break can't wait just
gonna be sick
why'd you sit so I'm hoping it's worth
the price of admission I'm sure we two
reactions down for the day we got so do
you reduce these no the blog you make
the pads and the brass heels get reused
over and over again with you the
pyrotechnic device is gone
unbelievable a dream come true we're
doing real gun shots today
like time triggered blood crazy shit
like the whole last thing is just a blur
to me
and the poor guy we pranked oh my god
dude halfway through I just wanted to
give him a hug I felt so bad for I can't
wait to Joey's in the back room and he's
like dude I'm like dude what's going on
he goes Gigi's like the nicest guy no
remember I've been there he's like he's
like I don't want to prank this guy I
feel so bad tonight I'm like what the
dude he was back there
he was back there sweating and almost
food in those heels it was like the
nicest guy I've ever met I feel so bad
right now it was a nice guy so nice but
it was worth it good sport he ended up
being such a good sport
once again we're wrapping up right good
job guys that was so much fun man so
much fun yeah I'm gonna do that a Casey
terror joke you flying out a you fly out
the rest of the fight yes we out Monday
to Russia and then I'll be back let's do
it's MMA flying to Russia next week to
fight well I would hate to be in a ring
with you dude I hope so only cuz I just
be embarrassed when you were laying down
you job everyone
hey dude that was great man glad it
worked out perfect
we wrapped on another day and tomorrow
guys tomorrow's our last film day until
we go on break for the holidays I'm
gonna miss everybody but uh we've had a
great four weeks so far it's
unbelievable
try to get through here this guy won't
shut his door Oh coming yes nope not
gonna shut the door not even gonna shit
yeah there we go
she did it let's give her a round of
applause okay say hi Kevin let that one
slide because you haven't hit the camera
for a while but if you do it again you
out of here you have to find a new home
you have to find a new home I do I am I
am Saturday I'm finding a new home all
right guys get it in the vlog we're back
home we're gonna relax and get ready for
our last film day until breaktime that's
it
love you guys don't forget keep smiling
smile
