what up guys hey I want to show you
something because my whole life every
time I see a prank that takes place in a
car I'm always like it's gotta be fake
because when they see the cameras like
don't they see the cameras right there
in their face so today we're gonna be
working with this vehicle that is full
of cameras but when I get in it I can't
see any cameras it's unbelievable
where's that screener pulls it all on
her I just always thought car pranks
were faked because of that but look at
this chase there's oh that's me vlogging
but no cameras it's amazing hahaha so
let me show you where they're at now
there's one inside this vent let me see
you focus all right there that's a
camera it's up top here wait yeah
there's the camera but you cannot see
really unless the cameras in its face
there's another one in this vent and
then here's one inside that hole our
prank is gonna be at nighttime so which
makes this stuff even more hidden and to
get that that brightness that you see in
a car it's like why was the car light on
they use these infrared lights they
don't even light up but to the cameras
the whole cars lit up unbelievable man
you rigged all this up you're the man
dude so if you're in this car tonight I
feel sorry for you hey guys let's play
dominoes you ready ready
look at this look at this man look at
this this is the perfect day for this
type of prank it is we're actually
getting some color on the trees
so today again is one of our biggest
setups for the entire movie one of the
biggest pranks something I've wanted to
do for years and years and years with
finally beaming at will to do it today
and I moved it so I'm super partly this
generated wow this light is so bright
that even in the daytime you can see it
where are they
this is bringing back memories for me
man I worked in a rope factory for 12
years yeah so every time I see this type
of stuff like the heavy-duty guests show
up with the coolest equipment look at
this box d-rings and pulleys just
everything you need to have fun
so Vitaly just got here this is probably
never gonna work but I'm gonna try to
scale is that look at that you like the
coolest girl ever to walk up and ask me
for an autograph you know that don't be
shy okay you only sign this
okay here we go to smile more don't
forget to smile more
you're awesome it always here on YouTube
all the time you see me you and the
Talia's videos yeah oh yeah contacts
then oh we're getting spotted out here
awesome nice meeting you yeah these are
some dope shoes now you want a pair we
are we have a second parking lot today
for food lots of food this trucks what
are these I love you so much
nobody knows what's the best thing
you've ever found on trash man nachos
besides dumpster nachos actually one
time behind your dumpster behind with a
shoe I found a half inflated blow-up
doll what half was inflated
so the other day I was complaining about
having a porta potty on set port-a-john
whatever you call it but look at ours
today look at this
whoo fancy fancy can't even fill it with
water if you push this up back flush
just like home baby looking reining in
that bathroom no no now all right you go
now
I quit you guys know I quit drinking
caffeine for the movie I quit like three
months ahead of time so that when I
actually drink caffeine it would work
well now I might drink it I'm too much
I'm celebrating every day and sun's
almost down it's almost time to play
I've seen a lot of badass Helly quad
copters in my life but dude this thing
is a monster bro a monster I mean the
blades are the size of my hand and
there's eight of them
this is actually really cool tonight
they got ghillie suits for the camera
guys is it Gilly Gilly Gilly I always
say Gilly Gilly thank you you guys look
ridiculous scared but hey I'm good with
this I'm gonna cover at night I'm going
to dumpster I'm going to tent city I'm
going to box it doesn't matter man I'm
cool man it's that time I'm good
it's so dark
why didn't we get the vlog all night I
just realized we didn't film anything
tonight
we filmed before I got in costume yeah
but oh whoa whoa I told him I was gonna
make it up to him today but I skipped
out I said we didn't have any light and
everyone just shows up all of their
lights flashlights
mag lights I'll leave the wrapping of
Italia yo bust a rap for me real quick
just a small one like five seconds no I
I told you I'd leave the rapping of
Italian a big props to you joy you
really pull through night and big props
to our lighters for the vlog right now
put a dick yeah yes sir thanks man good
navigation I was trying to call in Texas
that I couldn't get ahold of you that's
good all right we out of here go ahead
sir all right we wrapped up our shoot
today we got our man Khalid here driving
us home but y'all I think we gotta hit a
liquor store my friend this is
celebration time you know why Khalid do
you know why I should be celebrating
right now
no reason to be I just really want to
drink so we're gonna deliver that's
right
why is my Cameron black and white what
in the world what do I want
I cannot decide there's too many system
within candy store Willy Wonka's factory
okay where's Kane he's hiding better
beer and it better be a good spot in
here okay where are you yeah European
and I'll look for him
you have a good day Momo got to go out a
little bit oh the Grove
awesome what's a girl showing your new
coat wow that's awesome dude that's
perfect for Ohio cuz I heard it's really
nasty in Ohio snowy cold alright guys
thanks for all the love and support on
these vlogs tomorrow's another day so
thanks for coming along see you tomorrow
don't forget smile more why do you have
to be me right now I don't know I don't
want to do this shit yeah I'm sorry I
don't be there to be honest
be honest I don't want to do it either
but you know people already can
