you guys are going to remember this area
from the location scouting that we did
together we actually got the place and
we're pulling a massive prank here today
the most exciting prank for me because
we wrote the bit before we even got into
the movie writing I've always wanted to
do this this looks fun dude imagine how
much fun our kids would have here take
that home we can take the whole
neighborhood right like the the crews
get a little football time in that we
should have a natural born pranksters
football game everybody was everybody
preparing the babies for today yep so
delicate with them oh yeah it's like
you're changing a diaper tis soft baby
but suck its my belt today oh sorry no
it's okay you did great today I'm going
water on way lots of water cuz we
probably got to do we got the hottest
day out here today so it's awesome
yeah it's a hot desert II desert II
space Desert II a real word they're
trying to kiss but they're being shot
because we're standing here being a cock
block but oh oh do it do it nobody's
watching their em use em use their uh
their master look at all them feathers I
hate these wearing all those today lunch
Tom baby what are we having Oh so Oh
chicken so after lunch I find Dan over
here carving pumpkin and I was seriously
seriously curious do you explain all
right I'm making what's called a
parabolic dish out of a pumpkin which is
in sports you see like people holding it
looks like half a salad bowl it's got a
microphone in the middle and what does
it reflect sound into the point on that
microphone so you get a lot longer range
and more pickup we're on a hidden-camera
show at an old pumpkin patch so I'm
making one out of a pumpkin I don't know
if it'll work I think it'll work to hide
in here to catch the audience members
without them knowing it hey this is a
cardioid this is what's called a
boundary microphone so it's got a pretty
wide pickup area like the sucker in
I'm sure there's thing on the pumpkin
guts out of it kid uh pumpkin parabolic
microphone it works awesome
you hear it yeah right here
I can I can hear yeah just like that
Oh sometimes the worst part about film
real locations are these porta-potties
hey Tom
trying to go wee-wee it's time to get
into wardrobe for today are you ready
for this are you ready for this
what is that she should I try special Oh
which one's mine
yeah we don't have a cup today so I'm
gonna use old-fashioned sock in the
crotch did you try the thing um what is
ever keep tempting people try after well
she's giving me too she knows I need it
no no no I love you too cuz you could do
whatever you want let me hold it it's
gonna get you really good really sharp
too they are sharp so a dream come true
right here this is voltage it's a great
wardrobe this is my favorite one yet I
think
show me your wingspan haha now turn
around and do it
Miami back away oh sure that's cool
all right let's get it this reaction I
thought it's fucking awesome Dennis it
was absolutely horrific terrible it
wasn't terrible this was the only one
though the only one in the whole crew
that said it was terrible one else seems
to think it was fucking awesome it's a
wrap on today boys another day another
day down
it's our third week it's Friday for us
that means three weeks complete I can't
even believe it
three weeks I feel like we just started
that we killed it we just pranked a
whole bunch of people whole bunch of
people and hopefully it turns out good
it was good and I got graduated to
walkie talkie whoo
Jase got to be in another another seat
another scene in the movies would
anything happen today bro oh man I was I
was scared for my life you know this guy
leaving this earth is like unbelievable
leaving the earth where I was in outer
space today that's gone I meet all I had
a great view though I thought you were
shorter I don't let's wrap thank you
very much thank you to miss alone we had
a great day we did some crazy stuff it
was scary but the fans in La Vista love
you man I love you we are yes you're
kind to Ghana
my beautiful girl come out today to
support me oh so nice guys it was just
so nice to have everybody here thanks
for coming thanks for watching all right
we're out of the shoot today it's still
nice and early it's only six o'clock
p.m. which is great on a Friday night
we're gonna go out for a little bit
Chase is gonna go know who knows where
he's gone Brittany and I are gonna take
off and we'll just meet back in the
middle yeah you guys need someone
you time you know I'm saying oh we had
some good quality us down last night ah
no I'm just kidding just kidding we
don't we don't do that kind of stuff
it's disgusting
oh great day Brit got to show up to the
movie and I think you might make the cut
I gave her a part she might make the cut
I don't know she didn't kill it then
when the camera guys are excited you
know it's good they've seen it all
they've seen everything give me five not
big five Oh daddy taking me on a date
so it's a terrible night to go on a date
Friday nights are terrible nights to try
to do anything in LA luckily we're not
really on a timeframe so we're just
gonna relax take it nice and easy try to
get some dinner blah blah blah blah whoo
that is high
I know Cain always like when we're up
really high you imagine decorating this
Christmas tree here
you can't really tell how big it is at
all although yours people
it does not feel like Christmas when
it's this warm out my Christmas I mean
it's not Christmas still got a mom
sit at a nice peaceful place come morals
morels not morals to be an a I never
want a spelling bee in my life I plant I
blame the Spelling's on trying to get
more comments remember oh yeah so I
didn't know what I wanted tonight so
they asked the bartender I wanted
something fruity Peter says this is
raspberry mojito I think yeah and you
got a lot my Cosmo I always get a pass
cause it looks amazing it's like a shot
all right I use the straw
yeah it's good
oh it's great let's got carbonation mmm
we're so fancy believe it or not this
was actually on the menu steak and fries
it's a good-looking steak though it's a
lot of steak
yeah second prize tonight guys romantic
watering the dog for me
right yourself
okay here's the tree here's a better
close up of the tree it goes out of
sight bolts are like
that's a big tree oh I wonder how long
it takes to put all these bulbs on there
alright guys got a quick question for
you would you pay these are more yes how
much Oh
focus $1,100 these are 15 $1,100
I thought I was going through but you
have to have a ticket to get past that
so we've decided we're going to go see a
movie tonight but before we did that
we'd get one more drink at the ball I
what are we going to see interstellar
interstellar Matthew McConaughey
we both love Matthew I think he's a door
we both like him a lot so we really
watch this movie I have no idea what to
expect we've only seen one trailer for
it but there's signs all over LA for us
that's got to be good right I cannot
wait for Dumb and Dumber to I know the
premiere came out we didn't see all it
comes out a day before our anniversary
really remember 14 our 6-year
anniversaries the 15th okay we're going
on the movies we'll see in like one
second
two hours actually yeah but one second
vlog time all right just like that we're
out of the theaters it's almost 1:00 in
the morning and they're building
Christmas stuff
he's got Rudolph
he's got Rudolph man all right guys
we've walked back to the apartment
thanks so much for watching today thanks
for all your love all the positive
comments of course we will see you
tomorrow not sure what we're doing it's
a kind of a day off I need to film for
the main channel of course but we'll see
what happens tomorrow I love you guys
thanks for all the love you smile let's
stay motivated let's take pump let's do
this let's let's fix the eyeliner let's
face the skirt whenever it takes the
gags
itch I want to go
