what's up guys we're getting a super
late start today to the vlog it's really
late if you watch yesterday's vlog and
you know we stayed at a hotel last night
by the time Brittany and I got back home
I slept half the day I just got the vlog
up from yesterday and now we're going
outside that's good so over the last
week my parents bought a really cool toy
and they have no room in their garage
for us so they said hey can you store it
in your garage until we get room I'm
like yeah I'll store it my garage we did
this thing mm-hmm
you ready to take a ride yeah for the
record cane I've never driven this thing
okay see dogs barking I love this handle
that's cool huh buddy
video fast
you don't want Drive no more if you guys
watch yesterday's vlog then you know we
had like a crazy marker war at the party
and somehow I got this dot under my skin
I don't know if you can see it maybe you
can I've done everything it's stuck
under there right under my bra I don't
know what to do I look ridiculous though
oh I always look ridiculous what you
working on mama Oh
potato potato big pork chops I'm okay
with either one corner green bean sounds
good to me I'm just happy we're having a
nice dinner like I need it last night
killed me get away with that night do we
seriously need to clean up here man get
to sit and play playstation all day
press Start that's fun
I like the juice good dinner tonight to
replenish our bodies from last night are
you ready to eat yeah me neither
we need to take this tree down Kane will
keep it up forever forever forever
you're doing a good job picking up all
your cars
you make three yeah we really have
nothing for you guys today man I've been
sitting here like what can we do for the
block it just turns out the answer is
nothing we got nothing
we're tired from freaking yesterday it's
dangerous in here and we're just hanging
out with Kate here I'll help you
small is gonna be an awesome vlog but
unfortunately we got to get through this
one to get to that one what are you
doing
stand up stand up walk around look like
Santa Claus come here take my bubbles
make bubbles
so we don't want much of a vlog today
Kane's asleep so I figured let's do some
Q&A for you guys and Britney wants to
take a bath
go on up do Q&A in the bath I think
we've done this before we did something
have a shower where I don't know all
right so we are in the bathtub ladies
and gentlemen friends we are all bubbly
this is nice you could have any animals
but this is from Nicolas price if you
could have any pet as a pet stain or
wild or domestic what would you want
monkey a monkey
oh it's what I'm lucky I'm your monkey
yeah got a couple why would be a donkey
I've always wanted a donkey just one of
them big donkeys like you see in when I
said when I was in Egypt I fell in love
with him no he's okay so we were gonna
do Q&A in the bathtub but that did not
work out at all it was too slippery we
couldn't make bubbles to protect our
nipples
he just says would you ever do a
giveaway whatever you even watch these
ones I do give voice all the time dude I
just give away all the crew the crew
games I was like six games that's yeah
it's true crew alright someone asks when
our first cars but I can't find it like
what our first car was first car what
was yours I think it was a 94 Toyota
Camry I wrecked it the second week I
started driving if I was the 1972 Dodge
valiant it was sweet and uh I wrecked
that I hit I hit my friend on a
motorcycle he was fine yeah you never
told me about that really oh they were
driving like after school and I'm like
not paying any attention just driving
and I forget who was in the car they
were like stop and I look up and I just
hit my brakes with you're sliding into a
guy on a motorcycle I freaked out it
turns up being like one of my best
friends in the world
and it was fine he got up fine with the
bus driver was so pissed there was a bus
stop I could have killed people
I was Chris of that oh my one where are
we taking our trip next week yeah when
are we leaving the seventh
that's like coming up always smokes way
yes we booked a trip it's a ten day trip
to a surprise location we're not gonna
tell you I think it's fun of that way
it's gonna be a surprise it's for the
vlogs we're doing this trip for the
vlogs it's gonna be epic the things
we're gonna do I'll be so yeah I need to
get I need to find my snow boots yeah
right Houston asks why can't you go on a
cruise instead of places cruises are fun
and you could just chillax we've
actually taken two cruises before we
started vlogging yeah dude I still have
all that cruise footage I should put it
together a vlog you've logged on the
cruise I vlog the whole thing but that
was before I did vlogs I just I just
vlogged it without ever uploading this
was before I had a vlog channel I've
logged an entire like seven day cruise I
have all the footage yeah yeah I bet
it's good too I bet it's so good just of
the islands we went to yeah I don't know
if you guys really want to see I'll try
to put it together but you got a tunnel
mate cuz I don't know I'd have to dig
that footage but I know I have it this
is a good one can you speak more than
one language
no and I regret it so bad I fought it in
high school man I I fought it so but I
purposely get kicked out of classes just
so I have to learn it and I regret it so
bad now everywhere I go I want to I want
to know another language and neither
Brittany ride Spanish hmm
no no did I was like I was the guy
that's like why the hell do I need to
learn another language not thinking that
I would ever leave my town that I grew
up and now I go all over the place and I
don't know what anybody's saying so
that's a big failure on my part this is
a good one I never ever tell you guys
what's coming the small more storm of
this person asked what is the next
product and
it is what is it what is it
snapbacks snapbacks badass hats they're
awesome
well they hats I call everything
something wrong
oh my god yeah that's a t-shirt there
was a kiss not effing t-shirt
it's a v-neck yeah yeah it's like
there's so many proper names for
everything um I want to do blankets
eventually like he's like oh yeah big
comfy fluffy furry blankets just come on
pillowcases so we could have some damn
pillowcases what swear nobody asks the
question I'll answer for you yes these
are t-shirts on our pillows look I'm
even using a spot right here
those too but they're blue
they don't even match your bed at all
the whole room nothing is blue we've
done this my entire life literally since
I was a kid I put pillow I put t-shirts
on pillowcases because I always have
clean t-shirts I never have clean
pillowcases cuz you only own like a pair
of pillowcases never heard of it tell me
now you're hooked cuz it's so easy
hello this guy wants to know what got
you into YouTube so C username and
password that was it that's it like it
would take me an hour to explain my
youtube journey maybe I can do that one
day it's too much to say right now I'm
too tired it's 2:00 in the morning do
you want another kid maybe I haven't
decided I think we're just at the point
with the other kid it's like well I
think we both do want another kid but we
I don't know I just don't want a baby
like I just wanted to come out like 4
years old 3 3 years old kids pretty fun
right now Kane's really fun right now
like I'd be happy we just came out at
Cannes age like three babies are just so
tedious man
see I love the baby part I know you
develop it girls are more patient than
guys I believe and when it comes to kids
it's a good question how much of your
day do you actually film for your blog
to be honest with you most of what you
see is what I actually film not much
more there's not many clips that I take
out maybe a couple per vlog that I'll
cut out but for the most part what I
film is what you get every day that's
every time I pick up my camera pretty
much and record that's what I use so you
guys really see everything that I do
record maybe just you know I trim the
fat trim out the dead parts but other
than that yeah they actually have we
still get curtains in the hall we don't
have curtains on any of the house and we
just hung this blanket up like to keep
the Sun out but we've never taken it
down it's been there for a long time
zebra curtain pillowcases as t-shirts
were a mess over here we just live we
don't want time for curtains hit the
clapper see if the light - huh oh we get
that installed yet easier alright guys
we got some serious awesome vlogs coming
up tomorrow it's gonna be great I can't
wait alright guys thanks for hanging out
and getting through today with us we
will see you tomorrow I'm never drinking
again man it ruins my whole day like I'm
gonna I'm not gonna lie every time you
saw me in the bar today I was pretending
that I felt good for you guys I really
didn't I was on the couch all day
resting and being a bum
I got a make up for it though tomorrow's
gonna be great I'll see you then don't
forget smile more guys we love you
thanks for all the support oh yeah
what do you have to do
lazy this is
