happy new years friends it's New Years
honey New Year's Eve
yeah but free for you guys it's New
Years that's why I'm saying that but
we'll just pretend it's still New Year's
Eve we're gonna start our day with some
guns
that's pretty american of us just
shootin things is it is that one from
everyone never cease thinks of us which
is shoot guns blow up stuff it's the
only spot it's not crazy Wendy this
thing's been hit a few times feel like
I'm in a freezer yep you are here you
need to go down and to the right oh my
god I'm so cold I'm sorry guys we got in
vlog it was not only super windy but I
skull really shot we didn't shoot that
much but I can't feel my toes it's
wicked I even got this big old blanket
on we're sure we're them new hats or my
mom got us Oh
is beautiful out here alright I'm back
home trying to look decent for tonight
what's up baby you know can we get this
mirror cleaned or what oh it's so bad
anyways yeah it's it's hard for me to
even look halfway decent it's not I'm
not 17 anymore you know get rid of the
crow's feet and the blemishes hey you
have a super good night okay daddy loves
you so much more than anything in this
whole world all right you just want to
hit the viewers in the face so you
quantitated to care that I'm staying by
okay you guys got to let him hit you for
the new year
he hasn't I haven't let him do it for a
long time oh I always tell them they
don't like that all right all right
that's it that's for 2015 you ready yeah
all right we got to go mama yeah bacon
Happy Happy New Year's it's it's gonna
happen in hours from now yes
we love you thanks for hanging out with
Caine while we leave yeah he doesn't
look like he's gonna be too hard
give me five I love you
oh you really shouldn't have that Wow
you really shouldn't drink that all
right you guys know us first thing we
got to do before we go to our little
party tonight is eat because I know
there will not be food where we're going
at it going to um we haven't been here
for a long time smoky bombs you know
what they got wings and ribs and foods
that make you drool alright I know what
I'm getting things I think I have to
sound so good it the possibilities are
endless hope you guys aren't hungry
right now because you're gonna be by the
time you're done watching this look at
this burger the size of your body
how's that look big long soft pretzels
oh we sterling with some uh yeah exactly
what I just said looks delicious how
many this part is the best time to tell
you but we we booked our trip you
watched a few blogs ago we've been we've
been really fighting on where we should
go should we tell them should it be a
surprise I think it should be a surprise
it's funner because 50% of the trip is
for the vlogs just to give you guys
awesome blogs the other 50 is for us oh
yeah right here that's good Wow
yeah and the other half of the trip is
for us you know so we can get away and
do some things we've never done before
say cheese ha ha ha we got a Roman
soldier here I'm gonna get a pic you
want to get a pic yeah to hit up the
closet here you Solis we think it's nice
vodka some vodka orange juice some
screwdrivers we are headed she we got a
hotel tonight we've had a hotel room for
a while
ribs got our apartment LA we don't need
hotels or anything we just always have
someone to stay tonight we got a hotel
and Brittany's driving as I had a drink
this is us
here take this I've got my man purse oh
yeah I'm digging this they even got a
toilet
we got a toilet this is living I hear
that's nice they got uber uber in
Columbus now wait this is it are you
sure
Oh uh-huh I'm lost I've been here for a
long time
first of all yeah suza shops all of it
gets a free drink three a year data free
G what kind of drink I'm anything I'm
out here brought all these snacks you
guys just throwing them around just
throwing them on the floor I was so
excited a little gathering here what's
this game called resolution bucket has
anybody ever heard of this game formerly
called drunken drunken pumpkin drunken
pumpkin house there is no that's a titty
twister
this is the most ridiculous game they
don't even understand I just know we
keep drink Oh what is it drunken bumpkin
there's that bitch out there hey yeah
I'm so scared so this is a shot that's
mixed with everything this has got green
pucker in it beer yes it's a whole lot
of vomit that's what it is that's like a
double shot you where it's at we want
and then the next person yeah I need a
game all so it's this one by one ha ha
yeah all the way down yeah
okay so close you don't wanna soil flip
Cup it's a rate of four teams each side
is a team where I used to be a
professional and I have big hunger he
did it with you know what I want to talk
about we don't even talk about I don't
want I bet his carpal tunnel but I will
chug your drink and then you have to
flip the cup now do I flip it this side
up yes and for dinner you drink efforts
ha ha ha Larry dreams before you took
the couple of school yeah well they used
to build that look it off the floor
second guess for get filled up again do
you want terrible really have to put
them from here yeah hey Lee your best
friend the compression well finitary an
Aloha serve your lesson gasoline that's
horny you has a horse yeah
come on thank you everybody got it in
yours so basically whoever gets whoever
flips the Cup at the end what do you
have to do this is that this is the most
crazy shit all right you're gonna raise
this is straight shots of liquor
no no fizz there's no like there's
nothing easy about this when I'm on your
back you pay for this days after ha
cheers each other Happy New Year's Eve
oh that's not a race they race it he's
telling me lick the table bro
in this house there's no TV I've never
been this is new to me we've got this my
girl
thank you for the honey shit oh fuck no
oh I'm so ready
stop this is not helping
this is not helping it is that you see
with girl you good go get Alex
I feel like get a second
I feel like work I feel like we're like
sneaking into her parents yeah I feel
like we're sneaking home like I'm sorry
guys
look like a crazed woman I washed all
mine off so I look like a winner oh my
god you have it's on my shirt now you're
a mess
rah we're back into our little home a
little hotel home some bath in here I
actually like this this is nice we got
the full like little living room here a
little bed god she's coming she's like a
zombie ball doesn't stop you're crazy
sounds like a bleeding no looks like
you've lost in a market work well in the
pictures that literally look like I was
bleeding like it was blood yeah well not
so much here just look like a freak love
you guys I wasn't free Happy New Year's
thank you from both of us for this year
you guys gave us so much love this vlog
channel went from nothing to something
zero to hero thank you guys for that I
got I got it
anyways yeah anyways I watched uh we
love you thank you guys so much
see you tomorrow Happy New Year Happy
New Year this year's gonna be the best
baby cuz I died in a tragic plane crash
say that you can't even say that just
saying I love ya
no I'm gonna keep it this is a raw vlog
I'm not crying I love you guys we will
see you tomorrow don't forget don't
forget this whole year I don't eat I
shouldn't even have to tell you every
day just do it smile more you'll feel so
much better
love you mama
I'm just gonna smash them into that
glass dude watch this watch this
