what is up guys welcome to the vlogs is
a very weird way to start the vlogs but
I just want to say happy 9 year
anniversary to this beautiful girl we
are on the road not exactly how we
wanted to spend our day but we're
together we're Cruz and Brittany's been
doing all the driving so we're just
gonna warp home it's gonna be completely
dark by the time we get there and see
the family and everybody so let's go
let's get home and yeah thanks for
watching
who's that who's that man what's up
buddy we're bad you try to steal my
phone
what's up bud hey bud how you doing I
love you Korra hi baby
what why is your cheek so red
she's seething did you miss me I want to
beat you up huh why your face is so red
Oh nature looks sleepy I missed you so
much
Oh Korra is it from the binky no that's
because she's always got her hands in
her mouth and they're all wet and it's
just it's making it like that oh he
missed you did you miss mommy
did you miss her I'm so sorry didn't see
yesterday's vlog I basically turned into
a rag doll I'll definitely check it out
I'm her that's me driving punch
oh nice loading screen perfect timing
he's not even fazed by it
I guess what Dad does if you get me okay
nurse I got the gold
yeah that's mommy's she won third place
so we did a lot on our very quick trip
gosh we did a lot I feel like everything
from visiting home and his family dude
dude go-kart racing
from flipping on dirt bikes wrecking a
razor
thanks for coming home with us guys it
was a it was a road trip all day spit it
in the car anniversary day not exactly
how we wanted to spend our anniversary
but at least we're together and we are
now home with our little monsters right
you're so awesome buddy uneven ask for
back scratch so this is like a home Kane
wants to play some video games so Cora
loves the sounds like we got her she's
like so what is this crazy game Cora
what is this what is that thing she's
loving it this is like chorus favorite
toy it's kind of like one of our pinkies
there's a fear about that suck on it
going ham on the stick game and there's
my other little baby oh look at my baby
flash are you my baby guys got your
jacuzzi tub okay dad he's like I want
one of those I tried to get him
something come is it cracking oh my gosh
today like this looks so much better
than I picked it and now it's super red
it is a current day we did not do a very
good job
vlogging yesterday at all we it was our
anniversary it was road trip it was just
getting home coming home to the family
and settling it Debbie had said we
wanted to jump in here jumping migraine
means Debian said we wanted to talk
about a little bit about our
relationship because it was our
anniversary and we want to talk about
the struggles of when we first got
together how many people doubted us not
just doubted us but like they had every
right to like I was I look like a bum
like long hair bandana you know I had a
work van that was the only vehicle I had
it was like I literally looked like the
worst person for her she was super young
I was way older than her and to your to
your family side like if it was Cora and
she brought home me I would be like oh
my god yeah you are not dating him so we
went through all of that guys I mean it
lasted a very long time for a very long
time I mean when when when you got
pregnant your mom put me in a headlock
yeah it was like started very rough like
we could not be separated but a lot of
people around us was like this is never
gonna happen I remember her crying
because people would call her and say
you need to break up with him he's not
the right guy for you this is this is
never gonna last like it's never gonna
last break up with him move on I know so
much - I don't think so I don't think
that was it I think like we were just so
like you couldn't not separate us we
were like seriously like a magnet like
right side of the magnet
not this side that like pushes away with
that we found some pretty interesting
photos some of our first photos that we
probably ever taken together and this is
like god I look so young
look at this picture look at that we are
so young oh my gosh that is not me I got
more more than like my face is so clear
there what's going on like what is
happening to me I got stuck in my teeth
bread I'm a mess this photo was January
2010 what so crazy it is almost 2000
what look how little that's Noah that's
Noah oh my gosh look at my hair it's
crazy in that photo
we now have Kane who's older than Noah
in that photo that's crazy
forgive her and she's starving she's not
Ian been a very rough start to our day
today and I gotta be honest like we had
to come on here finish today's once that
we can start today's vlog it's super
weird but I've tried not to get backed
up try like get behind but it just
happened today so forgive us on that we
are trying our best here so that's the
photo of when we were at red white and
boom for the fourth of July member
that's what that isn't huh so it was in
July it's not like under that tree I'm
in the perfect spot basically I would
say like the perfect example of never
judge a book by it's cover because I
mean there's there's a kind I wish
grandma was here like I wish people were
here so I could just ask them what they
thought the stories are so funny well my
family knew you because you were friends
with Jason yeah no like not never gonna
happen
never gonna happen it was just no
denying it guys like we were truly I
believe meant to be together like this
girl was put on earth for me I I really
do believe that like I truly believe
that and I know she's thinking the same
thing vice versa all right yeah you just
know I'm telling you like ah it's crazy
so years went by and time passed and I
became accepted and and we just we just
started a life together and we started
we just did our thing and we worked very
hard and I had full-time job she had
full-time job and we started YouTube and
we we just did so much together we were
unseparable everything we did had to be
together I had to wait until I graduated
to move in with you yeah it was like
that day I graduated I walked got
everything moved in with you I remember
that night Marilyn was like I'll pay for
you to go to college
if you just stay here I'm like no bye
there was nothing separate like there
was nothing like there was nothing
anybody could do or say to keep us from
each other it was it was really crazy I
wish I was vlogging back then to see
like God it would have been so drama
filled
my god we love you guys we are super
just happy to pass 9 years that is
that's a huge accomplishment I think for
anybody nowadays and we're just so
excited and like I told her the other
day I got so depressed like so sad
thinking that the rest of my life
isn't even enough time with you like I
truly think that it's crazy it's just
crazy
that's this time next is 10/10 yes we
love you guys we're gonna start today's
vlog so we don't get to behind I gotta
edit this and get it up I know today's
vlog is not crazy signing but it's what
we got for you we love you so so much
thanks for being here thanks for being
part of everything we do boring exciting
whatever it is watching Brittany eat
watch her young watch me not be at the
top cuz I'm all stuffed up no you are
beautiful you are one of a kind smile
more
you
