breakfast the champions today guys the
bagels baby you know how to win my heart
over whoever got you these Oh Cory Cory
what's up man hey how's it going
what you working on here doing a back
focus on the camera your back focus
isn't right so for people that don't
know what that means what does that mean
because I see you're looking at this
thing as a back this year back focus
chart I'm doing this and zooming all the
way in
I'm focusing on the metal right then i
zoom all the way out what's the middle
isn't focused like that right I'm still
looking at the chart then I come here
there is a back focus right here so what
that does is when you're when you're
zooming on the lens
you want to make sure that when you zoom
all the way out everything's in focus
awesome
so I'm still missing I'm still missing a
little something something about I think
you get the idea that it looks
ridiculous I think I need like a
wife-beater it is wife you know I white
Peter to fill this out what do you think
bro Roman it's me
it's meet your friend chase dude snap
out of it shirt are you sure you're
still the lux today crew oh sit you just
want to point out the Dan or Mike guy a
sound guy has put our mics and condoms
today why can't really tell you but I
think it's pretty interesting
oh you broke it ro I know it happens
with me geez he's up he's he's a beast
so we're getting ready to shoot a very
very special video
with a very very special guest so guys
we got a special guest today mr. Dave
England Oh Moo oh you're the one where's
the guest there's a legend man and dude
tell me something that's fuckin just
crazy that nobody's ever seen on TV that
you've done didn't make the cut didn't
make the movie oh well it was way before
we were filming jackass why I lost one
of my balls you lost it yeah we have one
ball now it was horrible
what happened I was just snowboarding
along and I had I landed flat off a jump
and then I was in New Zealand so I was
like I don't want to go to the doctors
here cuz everything was swollen up right
and I got on a plane went all the way
back home and I should have in hindsight
I should have got surgery there and
maybe I would have kept my knot but I
didn't know but I had double hernia my
nut cord got wrapped up my guts and
strangulated oh then after the surgery I
wake up like a stinging sensation I'm
like what the hell is that and they're
like sorry we had to remove when your
testicle something didn't even tell you
that like where is it there like is we
threw it away oh the tragedy that wasn't
even for jacket like man I need that
that's mine and they said that I signed
something that it's in the medical waste
they could throw it away and it was a
one-way receptacle so I was gonna put it
on the mantle in a jar and little say oh
you have one night now I have two ones
right there one right here still got it
yeah
that's awesome dude let's listen let's
blow something up let me have the
soldiers blow something up for you what
he wants Facebook Instagram Instagram
Internet
what's your Instagram tell him it's Dave
England shoot because walking Glyn's
shoot used to be dating land shit but I
kept putting naked pictures of myself on
there I didn't know the rules ever since
the groom got now I got it you don't put
like
so one ball I want to share every with
my one ball but no so soldiers please go
blow up his Instagram show him how
powerful you are this new social stuff
they don't they don't get it they don't
get it done and
Anna it's the breaking for lunch
breaking for lunch
everyone this is key lime flavor with a
nose broken oh boy oh boy
very yummy oh I need a pop pop and pop
thank you
yeah don't like werster they're vibing
me Sarah stealing all my jokes sexually
harassing me and assaulting it's like
different there's two things sexual
harassment and assault
it's and sexual so movie something it's
such and sexual pepper to sexual pepper
you can only talk about yourself on a
third I know so I know it's been doing
wrong we look for you know she got me on
first and last name so Roman Atwood
would love for you to just hang out with
us more actually we're gonna be at
Dave's house on Sunday yeah dating one's
totally into that
Roman Atwood and Dave England I'm gonna
hang out of England we're gonna already
my place we're gonna barbecue we're
gonna let the kids play and then he'll
be back with this Thursday let the chips
fall where they may
yes q Dave England
turn around to watch him I want to do a
uh you guys know I like to be kind of
creative with my Instagram photos and
Dave England's here it's an honor to
have him so I'm gonna let him blow me
with this I've always wanted to blow me
so that's really why I'm doing this he's
just gonna stand and shoot it at me show
these guys what it looks like okay it's
ice nice it is certainly cool
hey Robin guess what it's perfect
let's do one more let's do one one oh
wait on your ear hole what exactly Hey
come again my name is juju to the hobo
you know hobo Jude I do
coordinating producing first ad system
director direct I don't fucking know man
you know these is all just titled mr.
Roma he gave me all kind of duties like
I shiny shoes sometimes I do these
safety meetings which is kind of weird
dude because I mean I don't look very
safe I am actually really safe so that's
why I love mr. Roman he sees potential
in people and he like pulls out he's
like dude you safe man you didn't do
these safety meetings so they like they
gave me these walk walking things or
something some radio device and I'll be
talking into him a shit like I one time
I called for some water and shit or some
coffee and shit and they just ran it in
there dog mr. Roma he lets me go up in
that control room sometimes and I act
like I'm talking to people and shit and
I just I'm just faking it dude I'll be
like talking to camera something a girl
fuck is ooh
shit go left right I don't know but it's
cool because I kind of like it I'm
watching them pranking people and shit
and I see everything dude it's fucking
great I love that room I might be a
little high right now but I fucking look
I love that dude man I can't say enough
good things about him well this movie
man it's crazy big I don't know these
people's names I mean fucking I live in
a dumpster sometimes I'm except for mr.
Roman gives me a hotel and food but I
could just tell you you just gotta see
that shit dog it's gonna be amazing I
wish y'all were here with me seeing what
I'm seeing you go see that shit it's
badass dog alright y'all is it's been
real cool man you know I'm getting tired
though we got early more mr. Roma he
works us I mean it's a lot of work to do
a movie I don't know if y'all ever done
a movie but shit it it it ain't no joke
brother no joke so I'm just gonna go to
bed here and I'm it mr. row Oh nah
that's a to olerude oh man today my
brother mom oh I love this man right
here I love that man it's nice and warm
ups oh thank you mr. rom√°n no blanket
just a pillow oh this is fine man I
ain't had something that soft since my
girlfriend back when I was just a little
young pup you know when we did shit I'll
bet you were stub yeah well maybe mr.
wrong with you too nice to me
anyways I'm over free I'll see you guys
in the morning all right now Thank You
mr. robber see you ah yeah sleeping good
tonight baby super good tuna
can't don't mix it up mix it up mix it
up no hands no no that's a wrap on today
baby day eight complete done behind us
history run away home actually got hit
Walgreens with wicker store and then run
away such a good day successful day Dave
England so many other people that I
wasn't allowed to show you on the vlog
uh big day big day this movie's gonna be
the shit they was so cool
Dave's the man he was really awesome and
Sunday we're gonna go have a barbecue at
Dave's house awesome he's got so much
fun stuff at his house so I'll bring it
up bring it will bring you I can't
express how beautiful it is outside Ohio
people what is it like I forget picture
says like cold you're in jackets Noah
said it was too soon what am I gonna go
back in the middle winter it's gonna be
he imagined what Cain would do with this
literally I can't even tell you how big
this bear is it's bad
I get Cain a little love birthday
present that's way too much
oh is he hiding Cain's not here dude I
literally I just saw him a second ago
out on the balcony you just left I think
so yeah hey hey more arty buddy is he in
the kitchen I bet he's in the kitchen
maybe no he's not not in his favorite
spot oh all right oh but Kevin stopped
by tonight he's like I got King a
present do this so nice right now come
on I need to have more kid birthdays
just so I get to see this guy he's not
over here alright let me see
um it's not in the fireplace these
bedroom throwing it up yeah let's open
up Kane's presents yay let's open its
gifts let's open his presents
buddy we would never open up your
present you Oh No
there you go yeah I saw I saw
Romans blog so I figured monster trucks
were pretty much a safe bet yeah check
this out this one's remote control so
you can drive it around and I brought
some extra batteries because I'm sure
you're gonna go through the ones that
are in the box you better give your
kidney your buddy ah you know away no
way to a boy's heart that's right muffin
I'm on skype right now with some lovely
girls where are you guys located where
you guys at right now Oh in Tokyo Tokyo
yeah that's early morning it's uh it's
uh it's almost noon okay I'm doing a
Skype interview with these ladies in
Tokyo for their for their show right
what's the show called I just call us uh
sick I hot journal hot journal is it big
show uh yeah it's like morning show it's
like a weekend morning show in Japan and
if we covered news around the world
Jerell yeah put this on and good ask
your home
Cannes Cannes first international
interview you just did your first
interview overseas dude you're on
Japanese television just now and you
know what this says says Kane Atwood
rocks so we just got off a big morning
show in Japan so if you're in Japan you
may see a couple of my pranks and they
interviewed Kane on his UH new scare
prank so that's really cool I'm excited
for him all right guys that's gonna end
up for today we are going to take off
thanks for watching thanks for liking
things for your love thanks for the
presents I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow thanks for watching smile more
I promise you when you see what we did
here and you will recognize it you're
gonna be crying laughs it's probably the
funniest thing I've ever done in my life
honestly
