hi guys
come on with me we just got the location
you have a beautiful home today
video village is in here basin where the
producer isn't stuff watch video village
all the action that's going to be
happening they're building all kinds of
Finch stuff right now just weird
there's literally buildings into the
house this will be mirrors where camera
guys will be well here's one going up
right over here yeah look at him
cameraman be mine they're super freaky
who you doing will shoot back here
something's gonna happen back here have
no idea what looks like a some type of
porn are you worried about
mmm Ennis oh come on dude I should shave
my legs that's a good look for you dude
take off the pink mold and Gloria will
take off the pink part first I go it's
big day today where this plate would be
big day today huge day you guys already
have some fun man fuck yeah dude are
these waterproof let's see if these are
waterproof yeah all of us
you guys enjoy everyone the men doing
something different
crafty this is a story can eat healthy
me some healthy and eat really not
healthy you can eat healthy again really
bad and really really if you want to go
like bonus points right there
what do you tally you extra credit you
can get that down I like really good
jelly beans I know most of you are gonna
know this but for those of you that
don't this is this is a lemon tree check
it out if I get that one who the rotten
this is a lemon tree dude you can just
come out and get fresh lemons right out
of your tree here's a nice one up there
sit my cotton this my friends my
avvocato tree is where you get fresh
fresh bunch of hundred Olivar dude
we basically got a whole bunch of bad
ash trees in this neighborhood what tree
is that uh how do see the grape there's
a palm tree this is like what I do at
home or fun so to get paid and it's a
earrin barbecue food I'm alright with
that yeah I promise you when you see
what we did here and you will recognize
it you're gonna be crying laughs it's
probably the funniest thing I've ever
done in my life honestly
funniest funniest but everything it's so
f dot man I think it's fucking awesome
do you prove I put I would put every
stamp of approval I had on this takes a
lot for himself ya know if you take to
the grit you know it's like yeah I'll
always stand up for gay jokes Fargo most
poop jokes as long as they don't get
real ya know we like people eating poop
isn't funny to me but like no actually
no poop jokes are funny just farts so
there's some funny and this is how you
work your legs what a leg ma we are just
waiting for the next set up the next
shot
it makes banger but here yeah banger
that's a good way to put it hi guys we
are wrapping for lunch so let's go out
and check out what we have today the
surprise I have no idea what it is what
a ridiculous first half of this day you
guys don't even know what this no way
anybody can guess what we did
Oh looks like very interested what is
this
vegetables and ano touchless rice you do
so much for me at least can let you
lunch today my friend mr. Roma this is
way too much lunch for you my friend get
as much as you want
thank you she can't have any of the
salad the meat or the potatoes or the
croutons there's plenty of croutons here
if you want that tongs mmm this is just
like I used to eat on the street people
throw their stale bread from yeah no
it's good it's healthy too hmm I'll do a
salad de mushrooms tomatoes onions
remove in same location same house they
built out you remember earlier when we
got here these were all holes in the
walls now they are camera hides one two
three four hides cameras in the corner
microphones in the cns Frank Frank will
begin at 3 o'clock so today this is
where we view car prank that's happening
inside this house it's super fun because
we take turns we rotate Dennis goes in
pulses prank every hour new person comes
in we pull the prank we take turns best
thing ever and best of all we need to
sit outside and watch the whole prank
take take place it happens
I'm all hyped up on sugar because I mean
all this remember this peg was almost
full this morning such a good day news
so she were still amped we're still
gonna ask ya but uh we got to leave this
beautiful spot man we've been here all
day
these trees dude you show them trees
people want to see trees like that I
know I do I didn't even get to swim in
the pool today
no pool action overwrapping we got a
route so me and Jude are gonna wrap this
up
get your slate my friend lady slate
end-of-day oh I like that and if they
blog so although we're wrapped for the
day these guys don't stop they literally
don't stop when you guys sleep wait when
do you sleep
so you remember all the mirrors that
we're here they're already tearing it
all down rebuilding this room this is
amazing guys just blew my mind to death
they'll rebuilt the house and have it
all set for the owners to come home and
they'll never even know we were here
basically yeah that's a wrap that's a
wrap
how much stuff good job today guys good
freaking job can't wait to see all this
stuff hi buddy
everybody says hi what are you gonna be
for Halloween buddy a camo ninja all
right it's a little Brit and I just
bounced out of the place trying to find
some Halloween costumes for us
for Halloween Halloween's coming it
could be a belly stuffer you should be
humble that's so funny you should just
put a yo put a ball in your shirt and go
as a pregnant girl no I've already been
that we found absolutely nothing at that
store it's just like rampaged yeah there
wasn't much left on the shelves to be
honest we decided to run down to
Hollywood they got a lot of costume
shops down here like you can just walk
to each one hopefully find something a
little nicer yeah some of them Halloween
stores have like the cheapest like you
see the picture you're like that's what
I want to be even then you open it and
it's like cardboard cut out a picture if
you ever come to Hollywood you'll be
excited to come here for the first time
but as you go up and down these streets
you get hustled for every penny in your
pocket if somebody even sees you with a
camera they want to charge you a dollar
they want to hey man you want me to take
your picture you hand them your camera
they're like that's gonna be three
dollars after they take your picture
it's a hustle down here ghetto I found
your costume this is long you can be any
of these oh it could be any of you boys
nice
I want to know what year Halloween
turned from being like scary and spooky
and being slutty I mean this is
completely what that looks like right I
know I get it I'm not complaining about
it but when did it change like when did
it just become about like don't wear
anything they want again it's a young
girls like young girls dressed in like
prostitutes
all right there's number one yeah you
look like an Indian
alright so brick got a costume I'm not
gonna show you what it is yet it's it's
it's a good one you don't look like a
hooker or a prostitute good that's not
what I was going for I know I know I
can't believe this battery hasn't died
it's gonna die any second all right guys
it's time to download it in the night go
to sleep JC's got us orders Jesse's dead
and my cameras flashing red that rhymed
unintentionally I love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow thanks for coming today
don't forget keep a pretty beautiful q
yes I see a smile on your face smile my
down okay haha
