good morning welcome to week two of the
movie
my good buddy
it's week two I got a half-eaten Donna
for you Oh mr. Roman good morning how
you doing dude you go ahead yes sir
thank you thank you
horse me help you oh sure let's make
some magic dude got it oh my get your
new sweater
soon mm-hmm all right a promise well
thanks so much huh how was your weekend
it's great what great everyone missed
you mm-hmm-hmm so it's coming in I was
coming in to poop today I noticed the
sign needed more pubes on the urinal
please contribute you doing the Java
they're fun fuck morning Christian what
up soldiers stop booing Brandon yo
morning Donny warning warning in Tom
other guy I haven't met Jay Jay nice to
meet you chase morning Dennis turn up
the evidence ha ha good morning guys
what's up you talk to me talk to me I'll
tell you what mr. Perlman you man you
have changed my life I understand that's
all what are you just saying it for the
camera old man uh yeah I'm a heartfelt
thank you to mr. Roman he's upgrade he's
got vision he's got two now yeah they
they they taught me how to use these the
problem is I talking to this one and it
comes into this one so really I'm
talking to myself well that ain't
nothing different I'll be talking to
myself on the streets all day long here
but now mr. Robers paying me and
crackers to do it crackers
we've moved up right I think you should
give me wrong
I love this guy man I love this guy he's
gonna be making movies with me the rest
of my life good yes I'm dragging today I
slept like a king where yeah I'm looking
for energy drinks rule she get all this
normal stuff there's plenty of sugar
there and sugar in there though I want
Mike I don't know Chuck this but some
red balls so good some red balls yes
that's all that's left
you gotta hit hard a never perish
sure hey guys what's up my name is Joey
sarsen I'm the associate producer here
on natural born pranksters we have to
hire the directors the art team we have
to pick locations we basically make
everything happen and then once we get
all the pieces together we just sit back
and make sure everything goes as planned
and without giving too much away about
the movie um we have some really good
stuff to show you guys I can't wait
until everybody all of you get to see
what we've created I hope you guys tune
in and do your thing
hi Romans making me nervous because I
don't do the kale it's great boss
all right well we'll see you guys at
theaters all right guys we skip the
lunch check this up and get in here snag
a shot snag a shot of this stuff oh no
we're all this is like this this and
this hey that looks killer and barbecue
and energy
actually dude that mac and cheese hope
but I'll tell you what it tastes like
I'll tell you what this is on a strict
ass diet so he can't enjoy but I mean
your food looks the same as we that
still looks good no I know but I love
mac and cheese the slave on naver y'all
might get an extra scoop for you
let's don't look regular - wait for me
in the here push me this key can go my
gosh here we go round one round one is
idea go hit him
here here
down right there haha what happened dude
I'll tell you what happened you missed
you missed I missed you missed the best
fail did I hi hi ollie 180 over this
talk this little get here this little
Matt wait
ah I had flashbacks I'm flashbacks since
I've broken both of these arms and when
I landed this alarm went numb just like
it did when I broke mom
where does it hurt just the spot right
there
yeah lots of camera production every
single one bro we're getting better
wrong so are joining everything it's
good to we all teamed up nailed it
that's a wrap on today guys for the
movie we had an absolute blast a what a
good successful day completely
successful and that's about it
yo dude what's up man leaving an eye bro
I don't know I might take the alleyway
over there that's usually where I go on
Monday night you know you got to mix it
up yeah yeah here Krista let me hope you
did oh it's a dollar and uh some change
bro mr. Roman this is this is a whole
dollar it was a good day though you want
it you deserve it Thank You Man thank
you the man you're the man and I'm gonna
try to read it in the water oh oh bones
baby Thank You mr. Dennis thank you in
the and mrs. Roman was here today she
sure is beautiful nice aroma is great or
such a rookie man she's good deserve it
man dude what's this man Billy I'm gonna
go I'm gonna find you somewhere to sleep
one day bro thank you sir I'll see you
tomorrow mr. Toman okay all right don't
spend all that money tonight I want mr.
Roman thank you
come here Caine
yeah you know I'm destroying this house
yeah yeah you come here I love you so
much all right you miss me yeah that's
gonna do it for today thanks for
watching thanks for hanging out
don't forget smile more it's so early
that it's still dark out wait wait I'm
lying it's 7 o'clock at night would
waste their own
