what's up what's up good morning my
friends oh the box what is in that box
we're gonna open this box today but for
now we gotta go it's gonna happen it's
gonna start my day with some Chinese
yummy I mean that's the name of the
place
yummy yummy Here I am about to enjoy
some Chinese food and Britney brings
somewhere into a Chinese place what are
you thinking that goes against all rules
one day you're gonna like Chinese thing
you're gonna like it we're gonna enjoy
it together okay until then enjoy your
little sub alright you guys are about to
witness a second time Britney's ever
tried Chinese this is legendary stuff
so ha what is hot
it's kind of just ranting there like
remember rubber in the texture I don't
like the texture that's not forever
leather that's sure
and it's like my favorite it's almost
Christmas and we've only got a couple
more people to buy for I got my brother
and my dad there's always every single
year since I was born
the last two that I by far the hardest
to buy for it's impossible to buy gifts
for these two so we're out today trying
to do that and now we're just we're just
talking about having fun relaxing I'm
just gonna tell you I'm just gonna show
you
I sit Britney in the gas station I sit
her in the gas station to get energy
drinks cuz I'm too ashamed it's ringing
I knew it was gonna rain for Christmas
it's just be warm all week we're not
gonna get we're not gonna get snow
unless we get a Christmas miracle
so we've noticed one thing is really
hard to park this truck we're not used
to a truck and every time we go to park
look look you don't know where your
bumper is you have no idea I always back
in because it's got the camera in the -
so you can see exactly where you're at
tons of space look at that the weather
outside sucks so bad
look at this bringing a scold serious
Clark
Brittany's even want to get cane sweeper
he loves sweeping lawn mower push thing
and he goes beside me when I sweep I
think you just said you sweep this is
where Adam Sandler the click click movie
click I only get one of the universal
remotes so I can mute things password
retain a little different you got to
figure out what fits to make the animal
he's gonna throw that across the room
full-speed city gets frustrated that
doesn't fit boom hurricane hurricane
stop by ah that sucks we can't show you
guys anything we're getting no cuz he
watches the vlogs every day so it's all
secret it's all secret but Brittany and
I we're gonna split up baby and split up
with you I'm sorry I hate to inform you
of that no no we're just looking around
okay well we can't do filming in the
store oh really
yeah okay it's one of those things
meeting up with Chase mother-effing
Gilroy I can't get any brah I can't get
in what's up homie
trouble in there yeah I'm not allowed to
film in the store like they don't love
me another life now he just knows I'm
gonna take all his ideas go over to
China remanufacture it duplicate it come
here
sell it cheaper and put him out of
business oh that's just my quick scheme
that's why I was filming in there so Gil
and I ran up to Easton and I just split
away from Britt for a little while it's
like she has a Christmas present
I know Santa's not gonna bring all her
gifts so I need to come out and get her
a couple little things here that okay
before we fight this battle of the most
busy season to go shopping Gil and I are
gonna have a little drink Cheers
to the battle it is stress fireman but
after this I genuinely fell down the
steps god I wish I died on film coming
in it so slow you know
it's nights like this I'm glad it's not
snowing because we're out and about but
it it's just not the same without snow
man everyone out west is like who do we
never get snow less you're north it will
snow Christmas Day nope
for a little bit no I'm not gonna stick
or anything nope all right let's go
inside this busy mall what's up dude
what's your name you are eat your egg or
Eagles back vlogs looks like they're
just giving stuff away on a small man
he was supposed to go
is this your mom oh yeah she's your
photographer yeah all right let's do
this
say cheese Merry Christmas if anybody
wants to see Santa
enjoy the line all the way back okay
you gotta be my dog you got me she's so
shy are you the prankster on YouTube
it's like ice you'd skate in there man
it's not easy finally gift for 14 cents
what could you get with 14 cents I'm
trying to get a nice gift for 14 cents
what I mean this is all I have what
what's up I don't put you my blog okay
she's a small more soldier huh in the
hood trying to fill it with gas yeah so
I'm trying to find a Christmas gift for
14 cents what can you buy for 40 I'm
trying to figure out what they're only a
baby but they're a penny I think this
thing's moving up to a quarter you know
I'll take all the watches all of them
just give them all to me
you know I've been looking for gifts all
night for my brother and my dad so hard
why not come to a men's place look at
the size of these communities that thing
is so big that's what she said anyways
fielding stream this place is like
designed for guys that like to be
outdoors so why not look they even got
guys on that poster poorly morally is
that real size that's real dude that
would make me poop my pants that think
I'm charging at me imagine thanks
brother
Thank You Man you know I can't believe I
was just like shocked that's a real size
moves everything on these walls are real
come on who's gonna fit in these tents
you tell me little dog I guess your
puppy get in there Oh your arm is gonna
sleep good tonight
Paul it's just for your head dude
five hundred bucks for your head to
sleep nice put some logs yeah no you
don't watch them he don't if you don't
watch them do you watch them I do he's
I've been over his place he's been
showing me we came in to one last store
Walmart guys I've never seen anything
like this it looks like Armageddon I
have never seen shelfs like this in my
life are you working here oh mylanta
this place hit Boulder like it'd be
easier to bulldoze this building rebuild
it and then the fix-it is
struction listen listen I just need to
know how to get out of here that's it I
just want to go home I told you in the
flow you don't think that thanks for all
thank you so I want to buy everything in
the store you put that right up on there
when I move this so I can't oh she's too
conscious ookay you're gonna be in my
blog all right what's up fam it's your
mom I would have never guessed that
never you guys are awesome you're in for
Christmas or what so there's people
about certain things on fire out here
did you see nothing that was like being
on another planet inside there and we
don't know where we parked oh yeah
there's people yell into this gunfire we
just magically work back to chases thank
God - man what an adventure yeah no it's
over
all right guys like I do best i warp
places and i just warped home and i know
that a lot of you are still waiting to
see what's inside this box and I'm dying
to show you
so if you miss yesterday's vlog then you
missed me telling you that I was gonna
open this box today I got this box from
Warner Brothers and they sent me
something really cool it's really
freaking creepy actually so I want to
show you guys and I made your way today
but it's gonna be worth it I think I
hope so you ready to open this there we
go
are you ready I've already opened it so
it's so creepy any guesses anybody
anybody know what this is no there's no
way all right here we go here we go oh
my god does anybody know what this is
this is the actual Annabelle doll from
the movie the actual doll used in the
movie this is her this isn't a replica
this is the actual doll and it's scary
oh my thing it's like porcelain and you
can control its head oh honey you go
downstairs and get me something oh yeah
guys so this is what this is actually
really cool to have the actual movie
prop here is it's pretty neat she's
she's super she's super cool she's very
well made I mean if she like looks into
your mind so yeah you guys know where my
mind goes what can I do with this doll I
think she's extremely worthy of a prank
I just don't know what I can do with her
she's hard to she doesn't stand on her
own like I have her on a lamp right now
to even show you guys on the steps she's
she doesn't have a stand so she
she's she doesn't stand she's a doll so
basically I can only control her head
and stuff like that so I'm not sure what
I'm gonna be able to do with her if I
can't do anything with her like even put
her in a box and leaving her downstairs
in my house it's pretty freakin creepy
I'm scared to even show the kids she's
pretty awesome though
all right feels really good to be back
up here go ahead and go ahead and lock
that door I'm not even kidding I'm a BG
B's
all right guys yes that's what was in
the box um I think it's really freaking
cool as a prankster I think she is epic
and I want to know in the comments
should me and Annabelle pull a prank
that's the only thing I want you to say
today should be an Annabelle pull a
prank that's all I got for you guys
today thank you for all the likes on
these vlogs you guys have you've changed
my life with these it's unbelievable
it's amazing so thank you for that and I
will see you tomorrow
don't forget smile more
Fix clearly won the race
