guys we did it five million subs on the
prank Channel
oh because of you and you know it thank
you guys thank you wow I feel good today
laughs one two three four five six seven
eight nine 10 11 12 13 14 15 and 2 boxes
of smile more products going out today
holy no it's sick that's a new record
for us guys
there's one
here's to holy crap we've still got all
down so just get back home just in time
we're gonna take off Kane's gonna go to
mama you want to go to mama yeah I was
like his gangster yeah Kings gonna go to
mall Mouse for a little bit and we
Brittany and I are gonna finish
Christmas shopping that's like our
priority today we don't want to do it
last minute like we do every single year
of our entire existence I want to be
done with it and this TV really needs to
go upstairs yeah we said we were
cleaning at the end of yesterday's walk
it looks like it's nice I'll blame it on
the kids
it's supposed to be 55 degrees till
Sunday you know that yeah it means
Christmas is gonna be warm you are you
doing today mama I'm doing fine house
looks great everything that's right
she's got just call me I love you all
right so we're gonna hit it we're out
and about we got to eat food vlog you
know I saw a lot of food but no no no it
just said to me the other days like you
haven't done a food blog for a while I
was like why show food all the time and
I always forget to say that was the
thing when I started the vlog channels
like food blog and we shot the food but
I stopped doing that
so I get back to my roots but the most
important thing baby we're five million
subs five million subscribers we all we
all did all of us
very funny we all did it maybe we hit
five million together as a team effort
for sure it's a little busy out here no
no all they heard was some squirrel like
right
let's just get right to it I don't know
I don't even know what I ordered it's
like a burger with pork and onion rings
I forget what it's called but it looks
crazy you got your kids menu as always
and we just killed some nachos
so pretty much already full before my
burger even can alright we bounced out
of the food area we're headed to Toys R
Us big toy store unless you probably
we're of just a bunch of junk here
that's pretty much it right this ties
that get left around on the floor I'm
sorry but we've gone too far we've gone
too far as a society if we need a safety
net on this trampoline think about it
like you're gonna fall a foot it's more
dangerous like I'm not gonna get into it
but that's that's a little much just a
little much this place is turning into
like a kid's Carla look at all these
crazy
well I know you would go crazy
I like the Mario Kart you'd still like
this be fun in the basement mr. Cain
cannot watch this vlog I'm thinking why
not build they sell these Hot Wheel
track straightaways why not get enough
that goes from the top floor balcony all
the way to the living room by the
fireplace they'd be the funnest track
ever Britney's not not even paying any
attention is that a good idea or what I
think we only need like 16 of them
they're a dollar a piece dollar 20
apiece it's a great Christmas present
I'm just I just want to do it it has
nothing to do with Cain this is my
Christmas present just walked in the
restroom they definitely want to make
sure that you do not use this bathroom
why is it in black and white let's try
this Cameron just change his settings by
itself with a like a crime scene
they're like your back to me I do not I
do not pee that long
I think we should have a race right here
in the store from that blue line to the
shopping cart
pick your bike you going with that one
you got to this one this one I'll take
this one it's Lightning McQueen
but clearly won the race she gets the
trophy she's gonna take it home for
candy you'll like this right a little
bite we need more basement toys and
that's he can even drop in on the
quarter pipe with that with this train
wheel
yeah so luckily for us we already got
Noah dawn we got his stuff which I can't
wait to show you guys one of the gifts
not the one that I got anyways we just
decided to come back and get Kane
because the stores are freaking chaotic
right now it's not even it's not even
fun to check out it's like pain so we're
gonna end up doing this last time
drive this truck into the ditch yep
daytime safe time dance with them let me
see here let me do it
put it on his head whoa
oh he does stuff too he doesn't but well
I have what I have learned one thing
about trucks especially this one
they suck gas down it's like we pretty
much just drive gas station gas station
now like when I leave here I'll just
make a circle and stop at this pump this
bad
1010 miles 10 miles a gallon exactly on
this truck
it's like 10.5 at its best all right
we're back home what do you do and so
blue blue in here blue blue Christmas
these are cool these are great this
would be nice we're having knock a lot
of people over on Christmas people come
he relaxes this thing hey yeah we're
gonna have a lot of family in and out
through Christmas they'll be coming over
and it'll be nice we actually have
Christmas stuff there's not gonna be any
comments about paper plates and stuff on
Christmas I'm sorry guys we'll go back
to the paper I promise all right guys
been in the vlog it's that time already
I know it's it's just one more day go on
it's gone you can't get it back that's
it
whatever you did today I hope it counts
I hope it count it cuz it's definitely
at times not waitin on nobody anyway I
got um a really cool box today from a
really well I got it from Warner
Brothers and it looks what did they send
me I want to show you guys boy I really
do but look at the time we're out of
time I just uh we're gonna open this box
we're gonna open this box tomorrow I
love you guys
don't forget
small more amp it up a little bit all I
have Sketchup for blocks so let's do
this
