what's up guys it's day two of our movie
and it's early this is all get motivated
in the mornings right here when women
air Marshall Mathers Slim Shady
chase knows what's up the cameraman
knows what's up hahaha it's all your
damned
salsa pound only got one opportunity one
shot - we just got to the office
we are preparing for street pranks she
was packing up in boxes miscellaneous
equipment and our crews gonna hop in
them vans bro we got so big vans
oh so today we'll be out on the streets
as police officers unfortunately can't
tell you what we're doing but I can say
it's something I wanted to do for three
years so I'm excited just hit my pants
check my staples bro and then we put and
then you black out the staples
it's a quicken it's actually a really
good eye all right you guys ready be
cops today or what can't wait let's be
cops let's be cops all right we are in
the band we're headed downtown to shoot
um some of our first pranks of this
movie yo I want to thank Dennis metalia
for getting me sick on day two filming
this movie I woke up with the scratch
dennis has been sick and last week tally
was sick is it she had apologized
okay I'm gonna maybe give the chase I'm
gonna make it my whole crew is gonna be
down by the Louise this every single
person you see walk near as part of our
crew unbelievable
over here before we hit the streets your
officer just need to make sure you guys
know and to where to be and where to
stand did this gun looks fucking
terrible brother put all the pieces are
broke off
what if somebody notices that the guns
completely fake probably not broken it's
good deal mark for I have you're looking
for global go to your guns fake maybe is
it fake these are worth it for you to
determine those fake yeah if you want to
make that decision right now we can go
that route you got a great cop boys
they're Cowboys a strong okay good
dennis is wideness he's strong
I know I look like a pussy we decided we
need to be a unit one I certainly never
thought I would be driving and a van
full of crew members to go film a movie
in this beautiful city of Los Angeles
dude
we have so many people on this crew it's
it makes me blush I got show for hairs
alarms stand up and actually think about
it how you doing Jordan Mike Mike Mike
yes shits about to go down down just
look the good guy good buddy Jase
pushing everybody get into class yeah
mp3 on MVP on three Clemmy people put it
but it is not smooth fish in moderation
one two three right you know what
afterwards I just felt so much fun I
love that shit if it pops you babe I'm
no one's weight no sugar - she texted me
seven it's a little deeper actually it's
a little deeper in there not even know
until right now yo did you notice that
they're just wood blocks where the
cliffs are dude no one would ever notice
I didn't even notice I get uh that's
real behind-the-scenes shit right there
would block clips hmm we'll see you guys
in a few second
I'll be right here
I got plotz Ohana sup guys
Jude is a man on the crew he keeps
everybody in line safety for officer
friendly over here I'm pretty sure
everything's going pretty well today we
just need more we need more that's
that's that is that is pranking is you
just need more always more if you think
you have enough keep going because you
can always have too much Clips can't
have not another part that's just that's
just basic math you'd like so you want
to get into into it I mean but what I'm
saying they they look like a hobo but I
fucking understand basic no let's let's
first thing I thought of everyone this
is what real officers look like right
here my spy seven cops still though on
the Holly where the shit every day I
give I give him at props
this is lesson learned for me cops got a
tough job no you know for everybody
stuff job and and we both pulling pranks
there's a difference
so today was actually exhausting to me
like I was up late and I had to get up
earlier than usual but I'm exhausted my
Sun is starting to set but we still have
about 30 minutes left
dennis is out doing his part and dennis
is up trying to get some reactions and
you seen him so how's your day dude
how's your day behind this camera bro
it's been I actually figured a lot of
things out like sticking good focus I
think I got a dial
I got dude how good do these vlogs look
with him running this camera dude I'm
addicted I'm addicted the quality oh
yeah this one get all these different
guys approaching you from different
angles I know guys whoa how's my hair
babies it rocks very good hmm yo good
job guys good job today
Oh got one of one of what five vans four
vans today man
so many people I can't even believe that
it takes we're gonna go Phil chase Mary
gonna go film tonight we're not stopping
we're not quitting I don't care if I'm
sleepwalking we got a badass
um yo are we filming tonight we've got a
pretty cool video we're gonna do tonight
how was your day good
what is this well black dress for dinner
grandma's phone that's a grandma phone
that's your son mm-hmm Veronica sent men
that's my sons yes really why would she
cheat on me listen if you just sent it
to me mmm no one check the screen
because there's nothing on oh well look
at here look at my snapchat today huh
good on this one
I missed my little Kanner's for dinner
guys chili we are about to go film some
scary stuff guys yes
yes who the star is yeah but me hmm
all right let's do it Bellino take over
Hollywood bro you're gonna be famous
good where's your might go back there
hey turn around this is probably the
youngest prankster on YouTube right now
oh yeah
high five he saw he's still 2 years old
and he's gonna attempt to pop out and
scare some people but the best part is
is that he's gonna be really scary and
he has a big knife loss show me your
knife look Shawn let me see it's plastic
just because I know a lot of people why
would you give care tonight it's just
plastic and what's awesome you know it's
funny is I was doing all of this today
but I was in his position hmm now I'm
the UM behind the scenes all right guys
we just worked into the apartment we're
gonna call it a night we worked really
hard tonight we only got a couple
reactions this is gonna it's probably
gonna take more than one night I don't
know we are gonna kill it with this new
video of Kane that's one of a kind
probably the only prank with a
two-year-old in it starring in it I'll
try to have that up as soon as possible
and that's it I love you guys thanks for
hanging out today we will see you
tomorrow for day three of making of the
movie smile more
we've got a big trampoline that
yeah you get the idea I get the idea
