what up with you guys today is
officially my big boys 10th birthday the
big one zero double digits
how awesome man I'm so glad you're here
in LA with me I can't imagine spending
today without you I'm so happy you're
here this year's birthday is a little
different than normal because we're
kinda on the move I'm here in LA nosed
in the school in Ohio and so it makes
things a little more difficult so we're
gonna hang out and see what happens
just ran into every kid's dream land toy
store you'll take his glasses off this
is what he does
coolest wheels I've ever seen on a bike
they're huge
that is so rad and it's got disc brakes
the biggest action figures dude like the
sons of Cain get over the graphics on
some of these new games I haven't played
video games forever
do they have segways for kids leave this
that's crazy
Power Wheels saver that's next level
you're too big oh yeah you got it you
got this so funny get in this one this
one's pretty rad I'm not gonna lie
pretty much want it you just need a big
like duck shell to throw why are you
knocking everything over so although
it's Noah's birthday today
he's Manning up and getting Cain a
birthday present his Cain's birthday's
in a few days so without destroying the
entire store we're trying to do that
right now so you decide on this truck
I'm gonna get him the blue one the blue
one
he's gonna love it plus he can take it
to the beach and genuinely impressed
that you didn't get anything at that
store I thought for sure we went in
Cain's birthday's coming up we're gonna
go out and get Kane a little a little
present from Noah so that when is Cain's
birthday we can give it to him and Noah
went through the whole storm didn't
a single thing you're getting too big
it's just getting too big on me
I wonder what Brittany's doing right now
we're gonna make Noah cake yeah okay so
here's the stuff we got so Romina know
we're out um just out I don't know what
I want I think to the toy store or
something so we're gonna make notes
birthday cake I always make each of the
boys cakes every year um usually there's
like a theme involved it's like they
want you know like spider-man or planes
or something like that but Noah said
just surprise me so his favorite colors
green so I think I'm just gonna go off
of that I'm not really sure what I'm
gonna do so we got all of our dry
ingredients in there please stop and
then are you gonna pour the water in
whoa okay here we go
good job okay yeah good job are you
gonna put the egg whites in mmm okay
don't beg whites in there
good job okay we're gonna race Noah's
got to get to the third floor by the
time I get to the third floor
it's my elevator be coming okay ready
set go
w close one
excuse me oh you beat me believe it
we've just warped into the big boy toy
store because Noah is grown out of Toys
R Us which is a bummer for me this stuff
gets way more expensive we're just
looking around man well since you're ten
now we should start considering what
kind of razor you're going to be using
for this space I mean look at me you
know I think looks like it's from the
future because I use a razor that cost
twenty dollars and I've had it for like
six months mainly because I can barely
even grow facial hair still so so we've
got a little bit of extra batter so
we're gonna make little mini cupcakes
huh all I've gots Halloween um wrappers
oh here we go separate oh okay it's not
done yet it never flowed a little bit
but while that's gonna finish cooking we
are going to hang streamers okay you're
gonna blog me yeah okay what are we
doing putting up stringers for those
birthday
I'll just do the same really cool in a
different okay what what is that whoa
sorry that is a sweet hey you made that
look store-bought that is really cool
can you decorated this one yeah what
it's Noah's birthday today
yours is later oh she did
let's get it lit up alright no you wanna
sit where I'm sitting hey you touch it
happy birthday to you pac-man yeah
that's a fancy car yeah you want this
cut here you want that whole piece yeah
oh it's better this is homemade confetti
cake
funfetti homemade funfetti you think
it's better than this are all right good
job Brit babies
yes my am yes my am alright guys we've
worked into the night I kind of put the
camera away for a while and just hung
out with knowing the kids and Britney
and Grandma just kind of took the
evening off forgive me for that I love
you guys I got a huge huge surprise
tomorrow
actually a whole surprise for this
entire vlog channel tomorrow
so lots come a lot to come in and come
here did come here come here both of you
yeah come here you love me yeah yeah
yeah yeah I love you guys even more ah
ha ha I'm getting a birthday buddy
you're the best here - you're cool -
Kane okay you guys all yes Kane do it
that's it both are you gonna do it at
the same time ready
get in the screen okay stay right there
all right guys we love you so much
thanks for the support in love we will
see you tomorrow don't forget to smile
more
