hello everyone my god and I are going
out to lunch today maybe do stop at a
store to get a little something for
Christmas
usually Robin and I wait till last
minute we're out on Christmas Eve
shopping and I don't want to do that
this year so we're gonna get some pizza
hutt you know I can't say no to pizza
Harley what you doing like a jerk are
you a little snowman
look at your little hat oh look Thank
You Harley that's cute
okay so we passed through we went and
got some lunch together and we got a
couple Christmas things and I have to
show you my dad's a collector and he
collects these um what are they called
salute insulators he's got all different
kinds there's this one he just showed me
so what are these from telephone pole
they're from old telephone pole so all
really old telephone poles used to have
these on them and now that they're like
taking them down and replaced and my dad
finds them like all these different
places and collects I'm like he also
collects hot wheels he's got lots and
lots of hot wheels that the old trucks
you know when those are like when those
words are from the 70 70s when I'm the
crane that cranes cool cane love that
that string would be broken yeah that
one you work in and this is something he
made as a Christmas present which they
get tomorrow so I can actually show you
now he made them into little lamps turn
on and everything with a little switch
there's a little light bulb in there
that's awesome
hey hey my friends what's up was good
it's great baby doesn't matter not gonna
stop me from being happy sunshine or
rain it's gonna be a good day I'm gonna
pick up Noah right now from school um
hope you enjoy Britney for a little bit
how was school my man it was good that's
your answer every day nicely what do you
mean a candy cane yeah now we're gonna
go get Chinese food we've been debating
on what Chinese plate we really want
sure I want Chinese food to notice that
he'll go with me
so we can go to a place we've never gone
or we can go to a place I've gone and I
know it's good let's try the new place
no I had pajama day at school and he's
like I'm gonna look weird going in here
but I'm wearing them too I never changed
today what looks good man I got
everything
hi um if I'm not mistaken you're done
with school until Christmas break is
that correct yes oh my gosh how many
weeks couple weeks off to two or three
that's a big gap there into two or three
I'm guessing to two weeks that's awesome
I miss school just for that reason I
think there's a really good chance we
ordered too much food enough that's just
crazy
Oh God I'm done I'm freakin stuffed most
of the foods in here we didn't even
phase our plates the we're gonna need a
wheel barrel to get us out of here going
to a coma oh we're out here house buy it
nah I got a funny story for it whoa got
a funny story for you one day I was at
this gas station pumping gas like we are
right now and I'm just sitting in here
doing my thing you know
and then I start noticing like people
all pointing at my car what's going on
and they're all pointing like look look
look and I look in the rearview mirror
and the pump is just blowing gas out
just sprang everywhere so basically the
trigger didn't release when it was full
and it's just just blowing out of the
car dude
which is probably something I should be
waiting out there worst part of that
story is I didn't run out here never
spring everywhere I got my pants soaked
oh man I didn't know Wolverine was here
you look awesome
oh yeah I showed you guys this nose room
got painted and he hasn't seen it yet
either I think it's awesome oh you like
it yeah we just need get some stuff hung
up some curtains and desk and you'll be
all set I don't fit in that you don't
know what a weird costume yeah this used
to be all yours yep what do you well
maybe you should just try it for Britney
has never tried Chinese food and this is
something that I've been dying for her
to just love because I love it and we
would enjoy so much time together you
just enjoyed it I've never tried it
never smell good at all it's really good
at the restaurant it's still good but
it's gonna be softer like it's not as
crispy my baby fork truck
oh it's like daddy chicken well I think
you got a good bite then it's really
good if you yeah you mix it with rice
um melissa's you just dip in the red
sauce it's just right that's just um
spicy orange chicken
there's tons of flavors but mmm fast I
thought it was gonna be it's good isn't
it
it's like candy it's so far future its
Americanized Chinese food so it's meant
for us I think if I tried it like a few
more times I'd like to like yeah and
fresh like we should go there and you
should eat Chinese a game it's all
anybody wants to do now what do you want
to pijama mamuh is this how you eat a
pop-tart
yeah looks like a monster's been here
whoa nice pop-tart city Britney's been
running the store today how's it go on
we're getting caught up finally
I mean finally caught up I thought we'd
be caught up two days ago see you later
alligator
three
oh no oh it's pass them off okay what
did you do here
good he also just smash that hot tire
yeah
Noah's nicely eating these crackers
doesn't make a mess mess from what five
minutes ago oh it's big time eat your
snack so we can go to bed what are you
doing
writing a lot of checks a lot of chives
we had five people working this week
down there hey um you don't get a check
I work today I don't get a check but a
reality check
and I owe you a reality check a rain
check on that show are you distracting
me I forgot all right here
but tomorrow is gonna be a fun day
Noah's got a birthday party a friend's
birthday party and then we are doing
Christmas at my grandma's my dad's mom
we always do it like the weekend before
so everyone can be there how was today
you spent hours and hours and hours
without me I know
I missed you so much hmm pours out get
out of here still oh my gosh guys the
cameras planar I got some exciting news
you won't hear it you have that awful
heart
okay it's super cool you want to hear it
it's dead time
miss me miss me now you gotta kiss me
hey rusty oh um rock camera looking
better than 2014 these are some pictures
of Noah I can't we got you dude hey
that's you are you sure I'll hear that
little no uh-oh this is a classic you
guys remember I told you I played a lot
of SOCOM for PlayStation two back in the
day this is a picture of Noah holding my
SOCOM game that ain't no happy child
haha you guys remember like four wasn't
maybe three four blogs ago I told you
the story about Noah stuffed animal RJ
I'll just bring it in here just bring it
in here we were talking about in the
vlog a few days ago and I told you it
when I was on tour I know six my mom
used to send me pictures of Noah and his
he never let it go so here's a couple
photos dads Noah with look how clean is
he looks brand-new now he's looking
pretty rough that's definitely not the
same kid you're growing too fast Oh yep
you never let go that thing ever
basically I'm showing you them pictures
because in the vlog we talked about how
you never let go of that thing and those
were photos that my mom sent me when I
was on tour on Warped Tour I wasn't on
Warped Tour no six so this is what's
left of him man still alive all right
man so now it's funny no slept in this
room because his room has like all the
wind from storms hits his room and it
sounded like the house is lifting off
the ground so I was like well sleep in
the guest room it's probably quiet now
he's never left and now it's just become
your bedroom we still got to switch the
beds this is still the
you've been sleeping on a month
you've told me
of course it's comfy I love you I love
you too
take a look No just go to sleep
Wells quick we got the boys right to bed
we team work it it's always me just tell
no to lay down it's always her putting
Keane in a straitjacket and chaining him
to bed that's a joke by the way
Joe I do have to live with him for a few
minutes
remember relax I'm the same way though I
can't get a bed my sheet lady's with me
and tucks me in and anyway I love your
socks they're awesome they're so awesome
what do you want for christmas this year
can't say me again if that year has to
be something else you've been hanging on
your dad too much today
Hey all right guys today the question is
what do you want for Christmas I know
some of you probably me a lot of you
probably don't celebrate Christmas but
for those that you do what do you want
for Christmas this year
and all I want for Christmas
I didn't told him hard I know I'm hard
to shop for because I can't even think
of anything I don't know I have
everything I guess that I that I want
need right here I was talking about my
computer it's right there we're out of
here love you guys
thanks for watching and liking all these
friggin blogs smell my odds in my eyes
why is it so soupy
