what's up my friends I uh well wouldn't
be a vlog unless I started writing on
this car you know I'm gonna start
today's blog with a question for you
guys how do you feel I listen to me and
I want it I want an answer how would you
guys feel if I started uploading these
vlogs at a scheduled time to be the same
time every single day that way you know
that Roman Atwood has a vlog up at this
time I'm thinking like around 2 p.m.
Eastern Time I don't know what that is
your time but let me know let me know
what you think no matter what the time
let me know what you think about going
up the same time every day
for the most part obviously some days I
won't be able to do it but for the most
part how do you guys feel about a
scheduled upload that's all it'd be more
like a show you know you know every day
at this time Romans vlogs up so it may
be easier for you guys you don't have to
some of you refresh the page a lot I see
you won't have to do that you just know
that this time that blogs up and for me
it's not any easier or harder for me so
don't worry about that I think it's
about the same for me too I didn't
upload out of scheduled time so no
worries on that so yeah
I swear I'm starting to live at this
place guys just picked up all the new
smile more beanies
dude I know a lot of you been waiting on
these they are in stock but I just got
all the extras these are the ones that I
didn't get to pick up when I picked up
the hoodies so we're back in stock on
that baby whoo who would ever thought
that the smile more merch would become
like my my word like it's what I do now
it's like all we do the house is full of
employees and and it seemed crazy man
it's so crazy I mean let's say it is one
ugly a day
like bottom-of-the-barrel right here but
you know what they say about cold dark
and gray days how often do you see a fox
just chilling out but he doesn't even
care hey what did you say I just want to
know what you said all right guys this
is what I just came home to mala what
are you doing
you got boots for hands yeah boy we
rootin tootin cowboy one mmm
get out of here I got to bring in some
boxes okay help me help me get these
boxes plus he hide him
he's the pants on it I should carry that
down
that's odo ever whee what's up man now
the orders
coming in fast look at all the new ones
yesterday we took eleven of these boxes
to the post office today they've already
got eight new ones all these still need
put in a computer and Blake's crushing
out new ones right now I'm bringing the
beanies down
you know since did you see what Britney
tried to do to me yesterday no she tried
to hit me in the face with a pie whipped
cream a flipped cream pie
yeah I like on a plate yeah well she
wins she failed miserably but I'm
thinking you know she's not here right
now so maybe we should prepare a pie
would you like to see Brittany covered
in whipped cream it is awesome ready you
don't like it you're crazy
nope don't you eat it you don't like it
I don't like it either but you swallowed
it and you look happy now maybe you like
it
should we get mommy yeah yeah so you
guys know me I would never pull a prank
on Brittany ever but she tried to prank
me last night all right this is just an
excuse for me to do this
that's good we'll keep it nice and
modest so we wait on Brittany Keene is
throwing up frozen fish food so that it
falls out I'm important the fish tank
huh cuz they are hungry that one doesn't
want to know yeah okay here hold onto it
you think they're hungry enough yeah
let's see oh yeah they're on three their
weight in honey they're going crazy keen
they're going crazy mommy's home mommy
just got home we'll hide it will just
get her a point but mommy's home how's
your day good I got a lot done
the trucks done Chuck is amazing it's
pretty dark to see oh you can't even
hardly tell oh yeah we got the the
running the step on it and black we does
it's hard to tell but they are picking
black yeah
there's no lights and like you can't see
yes someone has their lights on lights
please it's a limo black it's pitch
black
makes it hard to see at night though
whoo it's freaking cold hey mommy's home
hmm what is that Brittany just ran back
out to the truck had to hide it in a
drawer yeah sorry we'll save it we'll
save it till the time is right she looks
like she's too suspicious so I'm just
gonna let it fade yeah wait till she
takes your coat off because I'm such a
nice guy you're waiting for the big
event all right I'll try to make it
happen the next couple minutes
ah in my eyes why is this so soupy it
don't even look like you that's not you
we're doing what you do with Brittany my
mom I seen it my vision vision is
completely blurred I can't see anything
really yeah me going on oh crap you know
what I got some on me too
why is it so Ronnie it was like a thick
cream that's been sitting a long time
it's been sitting since you called me
and said you're on your way home me
grandma grandma was already on it no I'm
glad I was over there I know go change
your shirt so I can hug you
payback's alright well mommy goes and
takes a shower I'm gonna make some
burgers for Blake Veronica downstairs
working myself but we're not gonna do on
the grill that's right because we ran
out of propane I still got it so it's
gonna do it on the stove it's not that
bad really
I know not you okay that's fine you
don't have to eat a cheeseburger would
you just look at that sizzle no that
makes you hungry it makes me hungry
cool my burgers are always 99% pickles
tons and tons of
how's the shower feel good
Veronica's Jeep completely head to toe
with freaking orders it just keeps going
okay I still can get in
we just got 13 boxes in the Jeep it is
completely full you can't even see I
can't even open these doors it's good
holy crap guys all right guys we're
gonna cut it off right here
Bernie's about to fall asleep on me come
on superstar
I like your phone case we're going to
Navy watch one episode we got to watch
one episode finish this one I don't know
and we're gonna go to bed don't forget
to tell me about the scheduled vlogs let
me know on that and we will see you
tomorrow I should be a singer I got a
queen and she gotta be a singer I love
you guys we'll see them off don't forget
don't
