hey guys what is up forgive me today I'm
a little excited I know it flies in
tonight which I'm I cannot wait it's
been such a long wait and it's here so
today I'm gonna see my boy and I'm just
really excited about that we're five
days away from filming the movie I'm
really excited about that
just all good things to be happy about I
hope you guys are having a great day
let's go so we got a little a little
more scouting to do today before we kick
this off next Monday and yeah so I'll
bring you guys along probably won't show
you too much it's a little boring but uh
sun's out cloudy day I would have
blogged me without some food in it was
this place
Valerius camera what's this what's going
to go see Otto episode a fairy
all sides simple it's not much they look
adorable on your giant hands bro little
baby tortilla I never want to eat again
dude I know all right
oh wait too much we're back hey I want
to tell you guys something we are
working on a very big project for our
movie where you guys can help us and I
need your help I'm gonna put an email
address in the description of this video
if you guys have a friend a family
member somebody that you want to prank
send us an email at this email address
and we're gonna have producers are going
to contact you I'm gonna leave all the
details in the description of what you
need to send us in that email if you
have somebody here in LA don't tell
anybody this is for you guys watching
only if you want to show up and prank
one of your friends for our movie at a
location that will tell you this is not
a prank on you this is a prank for
somebody you know they cannot know about
it I'm gonna leave all the info in the
description if you want to take a second
right now go to the description of this
video fill it out and send us the email
it could be a huge help for us and it
would also be super fun for you and your
friend a family member whoever you want
to get so do it now if you want to jump
in this it's gonna be it's gonna be
something really really fun look what
was it of us we are out and about got
one more location to scout today I
haven't really been able to show you
guys much but uh headed to one more spot
now
and then it's go I'm running home I'm
ready to go pick up Noah pretty soon
couple hours away it's really all I can
think about today but I'm trying to
focus on a work trying try I'm literally
so busy that I'm converting footage onto
my laptop right now as I Drive because I
have so much to do this is actually the
prank that I shot in Florida that prank
will go up November 2nd
we shot eight cameras so I've been
converting footage for all the cameras
so that they're the same formats and
it's doing that right now as we speak I
need sleep do you want me to hear Hey we
are going to get Noah this is what it's
like trying to get into the air for
bumper-to-bumper
all the way say we're excited we need to
go all right we made it I'm just gonna
we just gotta make it inside now -
baggage thing we're gonna meet him there
it gets the best that we can you as far
as the airport will allow us to go in
look at those two cute
like burping up storm we are here
Columbus Ohio or too early
we're early buddy
don't know if I told you guys but
Britney's grandma's flying out with Noah
she's gonna stay with us for a little
while - we're gonna have a real house
full he's gonna be like Ohio bring it in
how was the flight right long yeah all
right let's get out of here this is
definitely grandma's
how's the weather feel dude nice and
warm
how's the weather feel grandma I know
it's gonna be quite the journey had to
make a quick pit stop hungry people
okay are they clean
so let's dry off a little did be flying
here dry mom who else does this who else
does that it takes one second but nobody
ever changes it I don't I want to do it
right now set the record boom I got my
two favorite dudes with me my two little
superheroes oh so glad you made it out
here okay and are you happy now is here
we're gonna have a great time I'm gonna
actually end the vlog now edit it I'm
gonna take Noah to the office tomorrow
with me I do all day in the vlogs you
actually remember that now we'll do it
here this time let's switch it up a
little bit for you guys we love you guys
you're both gonna do that at the end
okay you ready
we love you guys tomorrow's actually the
last day at the office before movie time
so nope my last day so movie time we
love you guys we will see you tomorrow
thanks for all the loves and supporting
the likes and the hugs that you give me
in there we hope you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
thanks so much for everything don't
forget smile more did you do it
