what up what up guys getting a very late
start to today's vlog had so much awful
crap to do today I wasn't going to tell
you guys this but I've been locked out
of my main prank channel for four days
YouTube finally just got me back in this
morning so you can imagine the amount of
stress I was under for these four days
anyway headed to drop off an entire Jeep
full of mail for you guys and I'm
starting this vlog man I'm in my
hometown of Miller's port dropping off
all this mail I love supporting my town
that I was born and raised in why was it
born I was born in Columbus but I was
here since I was 2 years old
and I used to come to this post office
when I could barely walk my mom used to
walk me up here and now I deliver all my
packages out of this little post office
that's pretty cool lots of boxes rollin
getting a quick video this is these two
these two are the reason you guys get
your mail these two holy you guys are do
it it's awesome yeah you are really
killing it every single time I come here
they're here just crushing it yeah this
is what you call failing right here this
is what I'm about to do yesterday I told
myself I wasn't gonna drink any energy
drinks no caffeine
you guys remember before I film the
movie
I quit caffeine so that it would work
when I felt my movie well I go back into
production in a month and you know I
wanted to work so I want to cut this
crap out but it's so hard so hard either
that or I'm just really weak I don't
know I'm sure there's somebody out there
they can relate to this situation it's
just hard to quit drinking it anything
happened to school today you're just
dying to tell me and everybody watching
like funny yeah anything
anybody fall anybody far I was talking
to a girl and you want to sit back down
then you missed his chair and fell God's
awesome that's what I'm talking about
see schools fun it's greater than gray
drop the beat what are you guys doing
what is this
hey no white what are you gonna put it
on your face no no no what are you gonna
put it on the pole whoa how long have to
hold it Oh numbers I don't mean it
okay go yep so now he's got a little
snowmen where you are fingers are so
long
Oh John's canes those are supposed to be
snowman yeah and then we're gonna paint
like little eyes and a nose and a scarf
um mm-hmm
I get it so you guys made these today
and the kids teenage me in I don't know
Russia
donnatella the blue ninja turtle pretty
sure and swords
who's the guys good swords Raphael
Michelangelo all of them I don't know
dude I'm it's eternally up
I still haven't seen the new one anyway
so you guys know how you tell me to vlog
everything even if it's boring all right
here you go this is what you asked for
this is us for the rest of the night for
it we've already been here for two hours
all right enjoy guys it's gonna be a
three-hour fauxhawk we are doing
inventory and I don't know what Chase is
doing like this
that's a cute paper you got there boy
oh you're drawing yourself a little
stick man that's cute
extra-long monkey oh he's got the huh I
deserve that
I deserve that yeah so we're doing
boring stuff and struggling with it at
that you need a laptop Rama you feel so
left out yeah you really need a laptop
yes I can just use my phone that's candy
crush we need you store I'm working so
you guys want to watch more of the
boring stuff check this out
exciting huh yeah so um just for fun we
are launching gift cards on the small
mortar and you can you can send them to
anybody online but these are the the
variants of gift cards you can buy $10
25 $50 $100 Jase and I thought it would
be funny you guys see this on the store
we're gonna add a million dollar gift
cut 1 million no but they even let us
you're doing it course it so you're
gonna be a $10 25 50 100 or a million
dollar gift we get my Gallina slot wait
is that it get him leather cheap you
gotta have the two zeros at the end no
that's better good yes all right yes
that's u.s. dollars we do take cash
check or credit card are you making here
boy thank you
what is it pictures oh my gosh is that
is head or chicken Oh
robotic chicken head that's both my
fishies are hungry look at him swarm me
let's see if they follow me come on guys
ah winner we got a winner winner on a
chicken dinner
that's Kingsley he's awesome
we got to feed them you know guys this
is one of them days where there's just
nothing entertaining going on and I feel
like I'm just channeling this crap down
your throat but I have to bring you
along with my day this is what we're
doing all day is this stuff so we are
sorting and inventory and get everything
prepared for this holiday bash that you
guys have put this store through it's
been like under fire all week you know
these are
left over board game shirts that never
got put on the website we have a couple
on each I think we should put them up
for sale is there about eight people in
each size that wants a board game shirt
I'll put them on long there's about
eight of each size I guess maybe more
you're gonna drop in I got your new
skateboard you can totally drop in on
that Veronica you gonna drop in you and
the baby full speed drop any day now
goodbye farewell of fetus and good night
how's that uh sauna music everyone
that's the sound of music yeah the best
movie ever made
hey you guys ready to go home hey hey
I'm gonna be the worst dad ever Colin
get in the corner no get in the corner
now Carson in the corner don't look at
me get in the corner call in if you
smile I just added five minutes your
corner does that look like a corner
look how in control I am Andy's kids all
right I'm getting the baseball bat
everybody in the corner
well this has been one ridiculously bad
vlog now it's just been terrible and I
don't think anybody's even watching
right now we're the only ones here now
we got some loyal loyal viewers they
would probably watch us sit here doing
nothing just to support us mm-hmm
they're awesome it's bed time we've
warped into the night a little bit guys
today has been nothing but work stuff
computer's organizing like things that
you don't vlog I just can't vlog it I
can't mentally I'm too picky of a video
maker to put it in the vlog forgive me
I always get mad at me when I apologize
today I'm sorry this is what it is I
love you big boy nobody almost done with
school Christmas break is coming today
not three days Wednesday Thursday Friday
well two days for them just watch them
there we go
you were right well I was thinking whole
thing I know I know but I saved it good
idea
love you you're the best I don't know
what to say guys this is just been a
really good vlog I know you love it it's
the best lawyer oh man it's just one of
them days guys where I got a work and I
got a work and I can't explain it I
can't show it and I'm just not good
enough of a blogger to to explain it I
guess um but good news after we're just
a couple days away from me smashing out
I've got three pranks that I'm trying to
put out before Christmas
not before Christmas
around Christmas there's going to be
maybe one before one Christmas day of
course maybe I don't know
and one after uh so we're gonna get back
on track I'm going to start killing it
man I'm ready to work so hard between
balancing a family and a career I'd say
I'm getting it down man so I'm working
hard I hope you guys are ready to take
this for the long haul I hope you're
ready to see me grow into a new a new
man I love you guys I'm going to cut
this off and you know what makes you
happy that's kind of what I want to see
in the comments today what makes you
happy because what makes me happy is
getting to do what I love for a living
and my beautiful family and to be able
to balance those on a teeter totter just
right makes me happy
so I wanna hear which makes you guys
happy and what do you yeah
I'm sure I'm gonna get some funny
comments today I love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow don't forget to just smile
more come on you gotta try it
never mind good yo you guys make Britney
drop in how good would that be for the
vlog seriously do it for the vlog
