Hey good morning guys
hope you're having a great day let's get
this vlog started so Brittany and Kane
just ran to the grocery knowing eyes
chilling back here you know in
Brittany's gone that means we're on
survival mode which means hot dogs baby
hot dogs and potato chips
I know I know know what I decided to
give a kiss some fresh air head out to
the woods not much of woods in the
winter there's nothing no leaves nothing
dead for a couple weeks ago I told you
guys that we had like record winds well
trees were falling down back here no I
could smash I could see them from the
house but this is the first time I've
been down here let's go all the way
across like a everything is always
higher when you come on all the way over
all the way over I guess something like
yeah hmm
hi this is such an awesome tree the way
it grows like that over the water Wow it
was an awesome tree I haven't been
camping a long time you went with come
on grandpa Lin yeah what did you get
lost
it's been a while I mean like actual
camping and - yeah what's my mom
you did before we went before we went to
California oh yeah I haven't been
forever we need to go we just need to
set up a tent back here it'd be fun we
should do no food we should do survival
for like a week out here we have to
build a hot out of trees resources plug
the whole thing for you guys I could do
a couple days I don't know how did they
get food in the old days killing animals
yes a hot drink drink Creek water filter
it with I have no idea how that's fun
whoo let's good to be back inside big
boo-boo
hey right you're bad look what are these
cinnamon raisin rules our goodness
I like those we uh we're always out of
crap man when you got kids I know
parents that are watching us you know
you're always out of everything
whoo Oh what saintil so how was it how
was your trip how was the truck Tunney
groceries because it's like I don't
wanna put them in the bed of the truck
because we have to really like yeah
hey kids I need you for an Instagram
picture anybody want to come down and
help me Oh a man sure I got one yes and
one no okay I'll give you five hundred
billion dollars you want to do it all
right hey come on we're gonna go funny
picture on the truck on the new truck
okay okay okay so I'm trying to do
trying to do a funny picture of the kids
like this is a dude jungle gym but uh
it's not working out too well I think
it's I think it's my camera first of all
every time I go to take a photo I'm
always out of memory how many of you
have this problem ah they remember Kane
freaked out when I said I was gonna move
the truck cuz I moved it in the grass
yeah he's having a blast
oh we drive real slow grandma up are
here I see him looking at the new truck
my dad's gonna key it like he's get his
keys out oh he's going for it I'm just
kidding mmm
so my momma and daddy just got here they
brought us some movies would you bring
we go watch one of these years it's good
this is good yeah you're gonna know once
torture had a good review on this one
yeah I was gonna grill us some food but
my propane was out on the grill so my
mom was like well I'll bring mine so she
brings her as soon as I start the grill
it runs out so now I'm glad you guys
aren't hungry because I'm cooking a
cheeseburger on the stove which is never
the same never the same looks good there
you go in Fisher stuff right here all
Christmassy
three more you guys miss yesterday's
vlog you know the hoodies came out I'll
see it mama
let's see it you like it I love it
you want some more of it capsule even oh
it's great
anything's great no no would you wear a
zipper hoodie normally or you err
pullover hoodie
I don't wear hoodies at all but I I
think we'll do pullovers neck okay we'll
have zipping yeah good everyone's
leaving with one I got it
let's get you gonna wear it like that
like you're from Stanford like a boss
what's up where do they wear those from
Sam's right of it Harvard maybe back in
the day that's how they used to wear
hoodies yeah all right my mommy and
daddy laughed let's hang out boys who
both ak-47 have to start setting some
rules for you boys oh look at this you
guys literally just hurricane pirate
little homie Oh homie homie homie oh
that Tom said Tom time to call it a day
time to shut your eyes I like how you
got these DS lined up here oh this can I
tell him about this
mm-hmm what was his name Hemi another
dog Hanna
what was his name though RJ its RJ
that's right so no I got this stuffed
animal when he was two I think you were
one or two and look his eyes were worn
out we got it for him and then I went on
tour went on Warped Tour in 2006 and I
was gone for two months and you were
only I don't know if you were to yet I
feel like we were just one son I would
be
because I was born in 2004 versus I'm
glad you know all this oh so you would
have been - I got you this and then
while I was gone
my mom sent me pictures of Noah with
this stuffed animal all the time and he
still got it it's cool I would never let
go of it even at the stores I know they
would take that thing everywhere it's
probably yeah maybe you'll pass it down
to one your kids one day huh mm-hmm
I want to ask you guys something so when
I turned 16 I got my first one it's like
I want to know if any of you guys get
this um my grandma gets them my dad gets
them and now I get them it's like a it
starts as a dot and in your in your
vision and you can't figure out what's
going on and then all sudden starts to
become bright light almost like I don't
know what the light is but it's bright
light and it's all the colors and it
slowly just gets bigger and bigger and
bigger in your vision like right now I
have it I haven't had one in probably
six months but it makes it really hard
to see and it takes about a half hour to
go away and it slowly grows in like a
half moon and then it goes away from my
vision then it's gone
my grandma gets um my dad gets them and
I get them does any of you guys get
these things are the most annoying
things I may only get one a year two
years sometimes I'll get two and one day
it's really weird man I don't know what
they're called but I asked the doctor he
said they're called migraines it's a
it's a visual version of a migraine so I
don't know probably wasted you guys time
with that story but for real if any of
you guys get it will make me feel a
little better and explain how annoying
this is it's like how do I explain it
like I'm looking right now I can't see
anything over here it's terrible it's
like I can if I look over here I can see
fine but off to the I don't know shut up
Roman
ah I just gotta wait 30 minutes no no
that
all right the boys are laying down we're
gonna watch our favorite show right now
you guys already know we've been
watching Chuck it's an older show that
we never seen it's awesome most of you
prior to seeing it
um that's all we're doing for the rest
of the night which in the blog eyes I'm
getting old or something all right guys
I just thought I'd jump down here to end
the vlog and personally thank you we
launched the smile more hoodies today on
the website and I'm just speechless guys
thank you for your support
your love your loyalty they will all
ship tomorrow well actually today as
you're watching this they are shipping
there's going to be no wait we're going
to hope to hope to get everything to
everybody by Christmas at least in the
States
if you're out of the States is going to
be difficult but everything is going to
be caught up tomorrow and Tuesday
Wednesday I love you guys
thank you honestly for the love and
support I will see you tomorrow as
always smile on dr. booth spring Dean
and a baby honey
so Zusi here's us hey Zeus Hera Zeus
