hey guys what's up good morning to you
we are uh it's Saturday knows gotta like
uh what is it it was like a Christmas
party
Christmas so you're not going to school
to do school stuff no school stuff today
it's just a fun day so yeah that's where
we're headed right now and I got a ton
of crap to do hey everyone can I like
the trucks that like a little stand it's
me we are going in Noah and Roman are
going to also film say hi we're gonna
vlog a little bit today for you we are
going into my dad's house and we're
gonna decorate Christmas cookies so
we're gonna make a green serve for Noah
huh yeah well this favorite color is
green
Karsen eat what you think all right we
all just got back home at the same time
I know he's excited he whoa what are you
doing working baby just working never
stop never quit never will addicted
Kayne and I are playing hide-and-go-seek
I wonder where he's at hey where are you
hey it's our turn to find cane cane
where are you all right guys these smile
more hoodies are finally here and they
should be on the site right now as
you're watching this a day just that we
started with nice simple ones I think I
mean they're the same as the shirts with
their hoodies this is the back they're
super nice the best that I could get and
then they have just a little logo in the
front little smile more on the front
it's nice and modest and then big logo
in the back so I think they're pretty
freaking sick I can't wait to wear one
I'm gonna get one right now I just know
a lot of people wear zip up so I started
with that for us it's it's a growing
thing for us it's one thing at a time I
wish that I could order tons of
different hoodies colors and things but
this is really all I can start with I
hope you guys like them obviously we'll
keep coming out with new products but
this to me is perfect I love them so
well yeah
Wow
I like it on the back I love it on the
back there's just a nice little one on
the front like a little you see it maybe
you don't see it I don't know
I should go oh baby ones for you I'm
finally driving the new truck I've
barely been driving this thing yeah
reason you're just the mix of colors
today
your shoes gray pants green coat we are
on our way to Britney's mom's we're
gonna have a little dinner with her
Kane didn't make it a little bit away
obviously - I was bundled up in that
gear
zhuzi here's us so we are here for
dinner it's like some type of bird Zeus
wouldn't do anything like that
Thanksgiving dinner this is the same
thing we had Thanksgiving mama except we
all have none of your famous cheesecake
did you buy that okay grab the other
okay again we just walked home that was
quick I didn't take no time at all to
get here you guys remember that funky
book nose reading a few days ago when I
he's gotta do a book report on it did he
did a good job on that drawing for real
I bet over here on the couch deal with
nonsense I come over here and I was just
drawing away I did I love it you should
keep drawing stuff but add all kinds of
things to it a time dude it's that time
chase and I are about to get busy
you shoot me we're about to get them
hoodies up for you guys they are usually
we go to chases and has nice backdrops
and stuff that we use but today we're
just shooting it in the living room
old-school style do you guys ever want
to know how to run your own business all
you need is a living room some lights a
good photographer friend and product you
guys know we do all this crap ourselves
everything it's just family and friends
it's Brittany's turn for photos she's so
tired it's late
I just didn't know I'm dead serious
homie are you serious dude oh you're
trying to play some games my bad dude
I'm sorry that's a wrap on the photos I
hope you guys like I'm tasting so much
dude no problem you've been the man of
man lately right you did great as always
all right guys we've uh we've worked
into the night as usual it's late I'm
tired it's all website crap for the rest
of the night details things that require
us to
I've got I've got nothing nothing
exciting for you guys I will see you
tomorrow thanks for all the love and
support as always check out the new
hoodies I think they're really fun
portable nice they're gonna last you
took yours off I love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow all alone but the
walk in the casino they hate when you
film in here so I'm gonna have to be
really careful they probably already
eyeballing me
