hey guys good morning to you I am back
in LA it feels great
I'm sorry Florida but your weather is
nasty hot that humidity I'm just not
used to it I'm back in LA today is
tedious work for the movie we are 13
days away from filming and I've got to
do location scouting today my producers
I don't really know how this works I've
never done it before but so because
we're making a movie and not a YouTube
video you have to have locations pre
permit so we have to have a permit to
film there so today we will be looking
at locations and if I approve them
they'll get permits to film there for
the movie so it's pretty interesting
maybe I'll let my producers explain a
little better to you guys how are you
doing sweetie got the team what's up
what's up everyone's so excited today we
are uh who wants that you want to
explain to my viewers what we're doing
today man we're scouting locations and
so far it's looking okay we've got one
no and a couple yeses and right now
we're going to another location in the
heart of panorama city which is home
evil and hopefully no one gets stabbed
it's got well we're not gonna get any
good footage if nobody gets stabbed we
put our producer after he's already been
hit by a car he might as well you stop -
yeah you don't know that
what crowd of this like okay like less
like the more overwhelmed you are so I
think this a little more I mean the idea
is the shoot on time yeah yeah bonus but
that's like a good walk out oh yeah this
one is great but we are driving in twos
warehouse right well
a lot of this yeah but then we don't
have him in the car come on we're kind
of living ahead of schedule we should be
over in your side of town around about
noon is that okay
can we drive up there we are a super
cool looking place and I didn't think
there was pumpkin patches in LA this
check it out dude I'm back in Ohio man
cornfields wanna come this way
so this would be your half yeah this
could be expected
it's so cool beyond I've come to all
these locations and basically scout
areas that we want to pull pranks maybe
not even here maybe it will get approved
but um just so much possibilities
compared to what I do on YouTube to be
able to to take over an event or a space
you know it's wild
beep what's this place called hook where
your hooker burger I'll if I never heard
that joke before taking a little break
to get some lunch or at a place called
hook burger never been here
burger joint you know watching the halls
talking you guys you know just doing my
thing
pretty cool day different never done
this before this is the world's scariest
trampoline look at that hot tub it's a
friggin hot yo don't run that go for it
oh yeah pause I did if you don't have a
putt-putt course in your yard
come on Barry it's up to you it's up to
you got so close soon we go use this one
people know this but I used to be a
stripper for manscape do you get any
like rubber gloves how do you do this oh
okay
foot oh you're going down please fall
there it is that's the hey can you climb
all the way to the top oh look but just
your footprints on the ceiling bro Oh
somebody tell me one though ah
somebody's made a cut huh I want to go
take a shower now this is probably the
most interesting closet we found yet did
you know some dirty has happened in here
man about it they're just all standing
there looking out at the water like
people
why why are they together
there's a waterfall like a little bitty
waterfall now I feel like we're on the
way to Vegas man where this is where
they filmed sons anarchy yeah missile
area
that's cool
some bees
this is like Columbus right washer why
does it anything out here there is you
mentioned building this road and this
heat oh god this is like an old chemical
Arsenal fan yeah
sprite Cowboys buried I'm just trying I
have warped into the wild wild west guys
leave this a freakin Jackalope I bet you
didn't know those were real play that
proof check the sink I for one love this
thing I think that's awesome that's
original we're in the freaking desert
man the Wild West is there any horses in
here so oh hey buddy
hey baby Oh excellent least scared him
we got the five-oh behind us
really very good ah they're getting
pulled over for sure all right that's a
temper slip them off
she got back to the office we are
wrapping up for today there was a lot of
driving brought a lot of driving and
he's getting it all right he's getting
it you get out of that office headed
about to head through Hollywood right
now I am headed home
I got James and his girlfriend Holly
staying with me this week hopefully
dinner's about ready and uh that's about
it I'm trying to I got some amazing uh
actually one really amazing prank I'm
dying to go out and film it's a public
prank but I'm literally in the office
every day so I have no idea when they
when I can do it it has to be daytime I
can't do this one at nighttime it's not
a scare prank it's hilarious so I think
I got a bola in the airport or something
anyway I'm gonna head home and see
what's up and see what happens from
there no I love about Hollywood doesn't
matter what time of day it is it's
always packed it's always full of life
so much energy in the city man
look at all the people look at all the
people my favorite trees in the whole
world man
doesn't get any better than that my
sherbert came out with that King I bet
he's in the same spot that he's at
everything all day
I got me a big fish ah chicken looks
good
broccoli more broccoli we've been living
on broccoli it's good
broccoli chicken noodles whoo I made it
steamy
hey buddy what we doing be building a
car yeah thanks for dinner baby great
looking dinner mmm delicious cooked
overdone just the way I like it
I like the crispy Chris penis whoa how
did you catch that I don't know if I
caught that on film his cup just went
like sideways huh
it's daddy's fault for giving you a big
boy Cup he expels on this every single
time yeah you can drink it oh wow you
made it back we didn't hey how was the
Venice they went to Venice Santa Monica
today and his battery died on his phone
think of it over we got them hooked them
up with the uber app but if your phone
dies you can't use uber so they took
them what how long to get back we had to
move from Santa Monica all the way back
to Venice which is like three miles that
was like an hour walk just again Wi-Fi
it's majalis phone down download yeah
yeah yeah it was just a Paloma and then
we were stuck in traffic for like an
hour the LA traffic it was is pretty
nice but we made it sir you get you guys
always think I'm joking about the
traffic I'm always complaining about the
traffic they learned about the LA
traffic we learned in the tough way
we're gonna come back probably two hours
earlier miss rush-hour then we have to
do the whole you know so not the uber
thing and then awesome all right guys
that's gonna do it for today I'm going
to end the vlog get it edited and be
back on location scouting tomorrow I'll
bring you along ken are you ready yeah
all right here we go until tomorrow
don't forget to smile more
no you got the duration no no I know
what ah do what happened here
holy crap I like how you
