what's up guys it's a nice peaceful
relaxing day at the Atwood residence Kim
what are you doing
locking it up I'm getting ready to take
Noah over to his buddy Owens what do you
know mommy reading my labor progress
you're late when you're pregnant uh-huh
she goes through like my whole way for
flavor
Brittany found the box in the garage
today basically old stuff anything I can
Shawn real quick before we leave there's
a picture no one can this is cute that's
a good picture this is back when you
actually developed photos haha I don't
know if I can show you guys this should
I show them oh my gosh okay don't laugh
too hard this is a picture of me and
Brittany we first started dating I look
how did you ever find me attractive I
know how did you ever find me attractive
even though it's Sam
okay here we go here we go here we go
Wow I look awful
but luckily I'm the type of guy that
laughs at myself so yeah we learned we
learned it's a good picture of Britt and
I when we were first started dating -
after I cut the hair all right guys just
uh I just took Noah - Owens house and
it's just Sunday man for us it's Sunday
I didn't go prank this week so I don't
have anything to upload forgive me
I'm working on it though I got two in
the works that I'm really excited about
it's gonna be more Christmas time but
it's gonna be worth the wait I promise
on that it always is in my mind I we're
not doing anything today guys I'm gonna
be honest with you it's Sunday and we're
just chilling smite type of Sunday is we
really get to just chill out as a family
hang out do our thing and stuff like
that so and jalapenos
sure and double-a time dressing I see
you I see you Hey
Pig figured you were you know tired of
cooking dinner for one night I thought
I'd get us something real good my mom
gave to me it's got a bunch of painting
on stuff in it pretty cool how you guys
doing
blue oh the tree looks so nice I love it
I think I'm just gonna keep that up year
round I like it so much
uh-huh is that normal I can't be the
only one that's sick of it getting dark
at 5:00 5:30 so hey Kane are you sick of
me getting dark so early what is that
apple juice you just had peanut burn
jelly I could have guessed that mr.
peanut butter head after your bodies
made of peanut butter I think I'm juice
box yeah yeah it gets dark so early it
sucks it feels like it's late but it's
not anyway I'm gonna kill a sub time emt
my favorite macaroni salad you want some
you want to finish that food in your
mouth
oh hey Kane you lucky I missed you boy
so is this our night this is our whole
day this is it we're just gonna hang out
on the couch watch TV and movies and
play games and wrestle and tickle yeah I
think we are I think we are what okay we
won't know is that Jeff home with Owen
yeah what'd you guys do trampoline play
minecraft and that's for you eat dinner
making me dizzy
Jane's been running around all day with
this hall cam okay come here
what do you think I'm gonna save you
this is Salk it's a saw and halt put
together its sulk
get him salt hi hey are you going with
me okay let's go shoes coat unser never
my man John's house
John's my Ohio barber this is the only
guy the only barber in Ohio that I love
goings this guy knows how to cut hair so
I'm headed there now
he's gonna do my bust my fro and start
looking fresh I look like a mess don't
man
yeah yeah you like it leave it you like
it anyway
you're the best all right I'm finally
back with my man John he thinks I was
cheating on him in LA I had to dude I
can't listen it would be down to my
shoulders about it you didn't cut hey
that's where mine's going I'm not to
start flying you out there later do my
hair man seriously I'm after you I'm
gonna do something I'm gonna do smile
more back in the sides for a playlist
live in February so you got it you gotta
get ready to do that again February yeah
well how that one playing though all
right no be honest did he mess it up
looks good did he mess my hair up okay
it looks fine all right so much this is
how I used to have it guys remember back
in the day so I used to have it right
here in my hair now its back its back I
got my higher back
oh I like it I love it I want some more
of it I try sir Hey come here
let me hug me hug get that one right
look are you rootin tootin cowboy give
me a hug for real I love you say happy
face really happy happy okay mad
is he doing bad days dodged a bullet for
your attitude you know blow crackers all
over my face what you gotta tell me
about this book you read it again hey
look at the title Potter wookie is it
what I think it is probably Harry Potter
and a wookie in turbaco mixed together
Chewbacca ha ha is it good mmm how far
are you yeah
160 dude that's awesome good for you is
it funny and he's actually really small
Oh little that's no hmm oh that's him
with his apron on that's that's
ridiculous who comes up with things like
this there's a bunch of more ones
there's like ones like a mermaid and the
person from Hunger Games and you have to
read there you pick that book no I
picked it from the book fairy school my
mom found it ah all right little man
sleep great I love you more than
anything in the world
mmm
all right sleep great man yeah I love
you
you the best see them all in look what I
found upstairs in your old room dude
that cool a pirate lamp I don't know
kind of matches your bed you guys look
pretty comfy in that I wish it was
a big big enough ship for all of us
all right guys sorry to warp so far into
the night it's almost 1:00 in the
morning and we laid on the couch and
watched Netflix all night so uh sorry
about that I love you guys we'll pick it
up tomorrow um cool things are about to
happen I will fill you in on that I just
want to thank you again for watching
this channel has turned into like
something I never thought it would and I
can't thank you guys enough for that
thank you thank you thank you I love you
I'm about to pass out I'm so tired
I will see you tomorrow I'm trying to
make it fun this week I got some things
planned
so uh I'll bring you along I love you
smile more welcome to the farm the funny
farm or a different type of farm corals
and fish and beautiful things
