what up guys good morning to you I am
headed to the office and I should get my
hair cut today that's why it's not up I
look like a uh I don't even know pretty
ridiculous but yeah my hair has been out
of control and I haven't had a second to
get it cut so somebody's actually coming
to me to do it
I just can't do it just on time
Christian hug me up today with his man
George he is gonna do this mess I don't
know what's gonna take a freaking
miracle
he's got it to go kit so make sure
there's no cameras around his camera
around I know that you're just gonna
buzz it off ya know Pro getting it done
I get her done honest and this building
dude anything can happen I think I could
have set this whole thing up and you're
just great you know no prank
he doesn't even know it
he's sitting right there sure it'll
happen eventually hello everybody
Romans vlogs keeping the fans updated
it's getting set up for today I'm a new
man guys what do you think come on now
you can't be hating on my little
ponytail I have going on I saw the
comments I saw I deserved it too but you
guys were right I was getting to be a
mess maybe now I look a little better
what are you even filming man what am i
what are you even filming it's getting
ranked and set just getting set early
this we're shooting this new scene it's
called how to use or not you've been
using your iPhone wrong he's innocence
the host that pink sure it's cute yeah
so get this guy's my manager / producer
/ Johnny Hollywood you guys have seen in
my vlogs a lot he was jogging today and
he got hit by a car jogging while
jogging he's in the hospital and he's
got to stay there for a few days so me
and everybody is going there right now
to see him he is okay but I guess he's
got like a punctured lung or something I
don't know I'll get more information but
uh that's like the worst luck ever he
has terrible luck with
wow it's bright yeah so much horsepower
dog I'm actually just getting new
updates about John and apparently he was
hit by an SUV going 35 miles per hour
he's got staples in his head and broken
ribs and a punctured lung so apparently
he's really lucky to be alive I'm scared
even to him for a guy
lots of loved one out to him we're gonna
go I don't know if I'm really gonna vlog
it but if he's cool you can give the
thumbs-up I get him to give a thumbs up
for you guys but damn this is terrible
news
absolutely terrible and I can't even get
there because of this traffic I'm coming
buddy I'm coming John I might as well
just walk did my muscle just get out
alright so we just got to the hospital
Christian followed me to my house and
brought me here and
we got my own badge hope for the best
this is one massive freakin hospital
here's the champ did you show me
injuries did you all - yeah get ten
staples in my head road rash on the
right side five broken ribs and a tube
for my collapse alone on the left side
you actually feel pretty good
you look amazing man dude took a truck
to the side oh and you just flatlined
yeah I don't know if you can see it but
I got a little scratch on my arm today -
lets get some love guys show John some
love man he's like honestly lucky to be
alive he went flying smashed my truck
ribs
20 feet 35 imagine dude driving over
here I was I hit 35 just to see how fast
it was no way dude no way glad you're
okay bro Tyler's pissing into a flip
this has got to be the smartest thing
I've ever seen
use tissue to open the door Gene's thank
you I love it
thank God John is all right he got so
lucky like that could have went so wrong
my only hope is that there's somewhere
out there somebody videotaped this so we
can at least see John going through the
air
every night is beautiful like you could
sleep outside every night I always told
the when I did the homeless bits when I
used to help out the homeless video
people in my videos I always told him in
Ohio why are you here why don't you get
to LA and sleep there it's like in Ohio
dude the winters are so nasty and they
they do it I always told me to come out
here to Venice Beach because they allow
the homeless to sleep out there in the
grass by the beach you got running water
bathrooms just saying I'm back I'm back
I made it back back home just got back
I'm ready relax you guys blow this place
up today that you slow dance hey hey did
you miss me mommy missed me have you
guys ever seen a tickle missile this is
a tail missile you know what a tickle
missile is
Kayne's so excited to do the at the end
that I'm gonna end the vlog I said I was
gonna end the vlog anyway but he's
really excited what are you gonna do not
yet all right here we go here we go
hi all right guys this is the end of the
vlog and um bit of surprise I'm headed
to Miami Florida tomorrow so if mommy's
not too excited about that but yeah I
got a little bit of work to do so I'm
headed to Miami Florida tomorrow
you guys will be coming along with me
and mommy will have time to get this
place cleaned up it is a bomb Hurricanes
been through here okay
yes ready all right guys we love you
thanks for hanging out today thanks for
coming along and thanks for all the love
likes and comments and just your
positivity is awesome I'll see you guys
tomorrow in Florida till then don't
forget smile more sit he died he does
his job and he leaves how are you guys
like
