what's up guys thanks for coming back
today
um you know what if today I just film I
just film but what about a raw vlog what
if I just film and barely edit it let's
just see how it comes out I'm gonna try
it for you guys would you watch it will
you watch it we'll see we are headed to
I'm headed to the office today is going
to be fun
they've got camera crew coming in and
we're doing like improv day there's so
many things that go into a movie that I
had no idea like today even though we're
still two weeks from actually shooting
the movie today we have a cruise coming
in and basically running improv classes
on us basically to get us warmed up
quick on our tongues quick on our feet
for when we're on the street it's pretty
interesting I'm really excited about
that so I'll bring you guys along and
I'm gonna try to just film make this a
raw vlog for you guys was that this is
what it's like going to the office every
day every Street every road every turn
it's just traffic just arrive at the
office I've literally been cleaning out
berry seeds from my teeth for the last
five minutes I had a super smoothie
gets locked everywhere what up homie
I'm moving stuff around out here what's
up what's up Hollywood all this lots of
equipment cameras all the vets get
fishing and he's prepared to either do
improv warm-ups up or get rid in those
wherever you do it without me sure one
when you're planning or value what's up
man who are you Nate hey you gonna be
filming us today
all right to be fun you got Molly Molly
what are you gonna be doing today
oh okay see me make sure I sound good
yes
vitaliy looking on for business yeah
there get rody what's up dude how was
your trip good yeah my turn I just did
it go
got it I think you could go faster Oh
sitting oh yeah that was good all right
we're just gonna stuff a lot of improv
we are uh Oh Callie lands a killer first
try to first try huh that's awesome
we're waiting on launch these guys got
the hook-up today from fat Sal's and
they're making me forced to me by force
to have a cheat meal today so I'm going
all-in it's gonna be awesome I'm going
all ended yeah I'm gonna vlog it you
guys are gonna see me eat the probably
the best food I could eat for me you got
this dude you got this
now I'm going to sit in the middle for
your city yeah I'm probably a huge
distraction city
all right guys it's officially happened
you always know when there's food when
the Tally's ripping bags open calm down
well it's got my name on it plays mommy
oh my what is this oh there wraps with
your sandwiches yeah yeah it's like a
yeah right and then you got I got
something called the hook out it's
hamburgers hot dogs everything but I
guess it's all in one sandwich I thought
it was like let me see what's in it
pull up in your Oh what is everyone
called mmm that one's the I'm in a
moment I'm excited I'm gonna put this
down here see we got here
I just want to explain to you guys how
good and shitty this burger is all
together so we got hot dogs for the base
cheeseburgers for the middle potato
salad on the top and there's something
else there I don't know what it is but
it's pretty unbelievable what do you
think good I have bacon fries a
mozzarella stick chicken fingers in rows
B there's no way you cannot watch a
stuck getting a little hungry this like
every food into one sandwich okay I use
out of conviction of an Sally's hurt
doing halfsies
why did I eat it why guys I was doing so
good I was doing so good with my life
20 cameras what am i drop it drop it
with a chair
do not mean it doesn't work like
that
it's you're like always rotated can you
rip ass yay hey you should try to come
in and yoke in this thing do a Burnout
does it have what it takes without me
even cluesive putting on the bread
without even me pushing a break okay
look let's see let's say five here go go
what
you
yeah we're done for the day I'm just
goofing off now this is inspired by
somebody's fan mail they sent to Kane
oh get what up guys what up it's
already getting dark out man there's not
enough time in the town I'm hey I make
its turn for kill somebody I want to hit
people vlogging you know a lot of people
out lots of people out it's good it's
getting harder to vlog at the office
because it will give up things that
we're preparing for for the movie so
it's getting really tricky I'm actually
in a tough position to keep these
rolling every day so I'm giving it my
best forgive me if the next you know a
couple days is a little shady it's
because I'm trying to transition into
the new changes that I have to make but
for the most part I'm going to try to
really drag these out into more
realistic vlogging so there's not so
many cuts it's more of my life and and
what I'm actually doing like talking to
myself in this car according to
everybody else that's watching but uh
nah thanks for sticking around man
seriously all of you it's amazing it's
amazing to come on here and see these
awesome comments live user gray and
everything's grown really well thank you
always feels good to be home baby
worst best food I've ever had today was
great
tasted great but I'm feeling it man ah
yeah yeah okay here we go back home back
home I'm getting tired so fast woman
well this is a wash this guy always
keeps me alive mommy
Kamiya come here mommy
come here mommy we're going no beat you
dinner don't we up yeah what's so weird
on the camera look like my legs no let
me get smash your head that with my feet
tiring oh yeah
tiring ow for those of you that never
seen the giant track Britney and I built
in this apartment I'm gonna do another
little little baby one for Caine right
now hang on let me help you no let's
make it work
and if you want to do it for your kids
if you got kids all you need scotch tape
or whatever this is called
you know let me help you
and within one minute you have a little
race track race car track I'm already at
the wall ah dude mommy's is way better
than daddy's
alright guys you know what it means when
I'm sitting in this corner that means
I'm ending my vlog let me get my work
done okay I will play with you go wait
okay I love you you guys know what it
means when I come into this corner it is
time to in the vlog it's great day very
productive very busy I'm definitely
exhausted trying to get these vlogs out
each day makes me um pretty tired it's a
lot of dedication there but it's great I
will see you guys tomorrow uh hopefully
I can do a lot of filming it might be
tricky tomorrow but I'll bring you along
I love you thanks for smaller more you
want to do it okay
you ready okay I'll do it alright guys
thanks for coming along we love you
don't forget smile more good job little
dude bra born spankers new movie coming
soon sever a few minutes we are taking
this double-sided tape and putting it on
every single thing that Barry
