sup guys in a super late start to
today's vlog I'm trying to get ready I
got this hood on to hide my last like
this hmm tell me that like a cornball
anyway
toys in the tub from when I took a bath
earlier I'm just trying to get ready to
get out of this house just spoke to my
makeup
that's the ramen out would we like I
like what are you guys doing food gifts
in the fishing you're kissing fishies
Dirty Pair guns
here comes Aden he kissed you they all
want some lovin either wants a kiss he
wants to bite your head off
yeah is he gonna give literally an
earthquake could go off and you'd still
be in your I just never come up with
Hawaii always would be the cost what do
you got cane are you ready to go I'm
going to Malmo relieving me no
so cane wants to go to mom malls
grandma's instead of come out with us
tonight don'tcha you don't play with the
kitties he misses our old cats so he's
gonna go over there for just a little
bit we got around get a couple names Oh
yeah this guy has grown since we've seen
a lost
you guys remember our old cats mama took
them he wants to play on so where did we
get this cat we found it right um your
mom brought it didn't she I don't
remember all our animals are always cats
that just show up at our house we'll see
you next week okay we'll be back soon
bye Hey look what I buy I love you
I found your monkey left a big have fun
buddy
since we bought our new house this year
we have no Christmas decorations nothing
not even ornaments for our Christmas
tree so we have to come back and get
some stuff I'm not sure how I feel about
this this maybe you guys have seen these
it's a tree that rotates I guess if you
have like ornaments all up but I don't
know about a tree walking around the
house you know like I don't want a
moving tree I don't know it moves really
slow snowmen like they put like a top
hat in so man and like arms and boots
that's funny a tree with boobs that's
funny
all right most of you probably sick of
watching us eat but we got to eat and I
got to bring you guys along for our day
we're at Applebee's we never come so
we're at a place called Applebee's this
is there's actually an interesting story
about Applebee's you want to tell him so
Brittney and eyes very first date ever I
picked her up in my white work van
that's the only thing I had it was like
the scariest van ever I pick her up it's
got the full cage yeah the cage at the
door must've scared to death ha ha ha
so we came here and I think we were both
so nervous to hang out with each other
that we shared an appetizer that I this
is this is the only thing we got and I
only think we barely ate it
we're just kind of like just talking I'm
being all dirt like kiddush like not I
love when relationships are new they're
so fun
now it's just like like oh my god shot
it's just like get out of my face I'm
gonna look at you Cheers
after this drink I'm never drinking
again I'm never drinking again
zoom in my last everything again this is
I got this I've never had this this is
just a regular mojito got mint leaves
and uh you know it's really healthy it's
really good it's exactly like gin and
spray that's what it reminds me of yeah
right
Pizza bring you got some ribs
yeah the leftovers boneless wings wonton
tacos spinach dip we put a hurtin on
this place I'm done done cut what was a
bird in here and what's the odds that I
went to the bird feeders yeah it's up on
that shelf is our Christmas tree I'm not
gonna be able get many presents under it
but I think I think this is good it's
cheap it's affordable I like this one
just want to put one of those on your
head and put you under the Christmas
tree huh
bowtie I get it look at all this stuff
I want a big custom hear me out on a big
custom smile more star for the top of
our tree how awesome would that be I
don't know I don't know how to pull that
off you know damn well I can't make it
you know in all these stores always see
this cool team like they have every
color every style they got macaroni they
got spaghetti everything on tape now
right but why haven't they made why
don't they made a roll of tape that just
says sex all over it because then you
could have your own sex tape
whatever cool yeah why would you put
duct tape in someone's stock dude
duct-tapes amazing
oh man I love that you can build a house
with that stuff but imagine if it just
said sex all at room and I just throw
your sex tape on the fire no we could
release our own sex tape on the smile
moist spoon huh hey I found your sex
tape yeah oh yeah you found her sex tape
yeah
I've been looking for it everywhere it
was in this kitchen cabinet let me in
let me that's a weird shit going on out
here that what so I think we got the
supplies we need to finally put up our
Christmas tree get a little decorations
I'm in the Christmas spirit this year
man I don't have to go back to LA till
January at the beginning of January so
I'm loving it I'm just gonna be
answering I'm gonna just keep killing it
in Ohio
relaxing be with family hang out with
you guys and I'm making praise need a
loop right it's already that time nah
you're safe with me
yes you happy do I keep listening
Britney Spears baby hit gain the Jeff on
I don't even think you wanted me to pick
you up alright we just got home I think
you're low on fuel boy
that's pretty good job and DEF full
speed
it's that full speed right now I think
we need to plug her in I've never seen a
kid do that Molly Cain walked in he said
he's so happy to be home
and he just ran and didn't even know we
were watching he ran in got down kissed
the carpet three times ran up to the
couch are you are you happy to be home
yeah so silly don't me get on your back
okay here we go
yeah we hop on little Ryder let's try
this again Eddie Eddie
yeah all right guys it's time to solve
last night's problem 50-foot Ethernet
and I saw some how much you guys say it
well why don't you just bring the
PlayStation out to the living room you
effing moron well I like how clean this
is there's nothing there there's no
wires there's no cables if I brought a
Playstation out there B wires and stuff
it's just that it's just a personal
preference I like it clean I have to
deal with the consequences of having a
cable alright guys so get this I finally
get the cable plenty long enough and it
doesn't change the signal strength
unbelievable it does charge the
controller does it make sense does
anybody know what I'm doing wrong
it barely works like I had oppressing
five times to get the X button to work I
don't know what to do at this point I
guess I'm gonna have to bring the
PlayStation out here if I want to sit
close to my TV yeah yeah all right guys
I love you I'm going to cut the vlog off
now it's actually kind of late and
Brittany and caner passed out in the bed
so I'm gonna go remove Kayne try to get
some sleep I love you guys thanks for
hanging out today thanks for all the
love and support and you know you know
I'll see you tomorrow I love you guys
smama we just watched this dude just
yelling at the cops course my camera was
blurry
