love you buddy
see ya a great day I'll see you later
what's up guys is a typical early
morning just took no to school and I
gotta go get milk yeah here we go front
row parking baby my family goes through
no Flake most families go through water
we kill it I don't know if it's good or
bad
gotta get the milk gotta get the milk
you ever seen that video on here's the
video on YouTube we got to get the mouth
I don't know the name of it but uh I'm
serious though how are you how you
feeling
how's your day how's your week are you
motivated you need motivation you need
something to get you up and do what you
want to do instead of thinking about
what you want to do
do it stop waiting what you think it's
just going to happen you think oh oh you
think just what you want to do is just
going to happen I got you know I guess
what it's not gonna happen do it make it
happen whatever you want to do do it
I'm not having Christmas music guy I
like it but I like it right at Christmas
right at Christmas not I don't know how
it is for you guys but in Ohio at least
Columbus ebo announced in that way they
were already playing Christmas music
last month
not hating on it I like enjoy it it
feels good feel good music that's just
not for me and so Christmas time editing
the book hide hide he's gonna eat me
what pace is that he can't smile
angry fight silly
laughy Oh guys just got home looks like
Kane's editing the vlog for me no he's
asleep
everyone but he's awake but he's not no
perfect that egg is I know how to do
breakfast don't I on the breakfast man a
breakfast man breakfast man and then we
have the best pizzas in the world these
are school pizzas I don't know if your
school had these with my school did and
they're the best in the world and I want
all of them no Kellogg canes are
Brittany is having my brother's kids
over today so she's preparing for school
lunch and I'm making eggs there's a
little cute McMuffin look at that little
McMuffin hmm there's gonna be the best
sandwich ever
boom this hospital that's better than
McDonald's look at that oh my gosh
gotta go get the house cleaned see you
guys it's the most weirdest thing to
ever be taking anywhere a banana laptop
in lights hey give me a hug boy I love
you
all right just bounced over to my man
gila gila gila dog chase Gilroy I got
all kinds of names from yeah I just got
much time to help him and help him paint
a little bit for his new baby coming and
then I got to go get Noah from school I
come back here alright just walk there
on the new it you're gonna change bro
look at this they had their baby show
this is where Britney was preparing for
the night I frankerz look at all this
pink awesome and first girl the family
we've all had boys all of us boys boys
boys my brother boys boys boys
hey you try to get your tutu on you try
to get your tutu on let me help ya
pretty kitty
hmm
come on show everybody your little your
little dress I couldn't resist putting
the dress on are you being boring yeah
so like I said I had to balance to get
Noah and chase actually had to go get
his kids so we're just gonna meet back
up in a few minutes and take care of
this little paint thing all right all
right
our school funny story
don't sound funny
wait what happened you did a loud burp
you get trouble yes you did
accident burp or was it a real verb
accident alright we're back over chases
at the boys room
sup guys so so you guys got bumped rooms
you used to be in the room that your
dad's currently painting but with the
baby on the way I'm not I'm not gonna
lie your bunk beds are awesome it makes
me wish I had a had a set I want to set
bunk beds this is what I'm saying to you
both of you sure let's see you see me I
am you are yeah what'd I just say
yeah raha dirty dog you see what
Chase is up to here Oh looking good
looking good
better peaceful night two colors but you
blended in no this is why you're gonna
this is a darker color oh it's only one
shade darker I do see the difference
though big time on camera here we are
paint chases nursery
I got detail I got detailed Duty
first-person pain
yeah look how it goes on there so yeah
just uh warped or else I'm warping all
over the place it's way easier than
traveling like actually get the car job
I just warp there you guys come with me
oh I didn't get any school pizza today
man I know the house is trashed
I'm gonna shut this off and Brittany and
I are gonna do a makeover real quick
before chase ivana he gets here what is
this oh my gosh mommy knows what she's
doing Oh chicken
I know it's chicken but what's all over
just seasoning yeah listen no it's just
like it's like olive oil pepper salt
garlic oh just stop it just stop talking
okay so this room looks good we can just
keep the camera this direction or we can
go this way but get a kitchens always a
mess when you're cooking you know yes
who cares if it's a mess anyway I'll
destroy this place twice oh my gosh
there's some kind of mac and cheese
corn Oh baby you're making everyone
hungry you guys hungry I'm hungry now
kids hey kids I know you're up there
take the quick way down off the railing
do you want ketchup for your chicken hey
nice to meet you hmm let them pull your
arm off ah I just came downstairs to see
like our Christmas tree and stuff cuz
we're gonna set it up this weekend and I
just found a box that Dale got me for
Christmas last year he put my gift
inside up at the box is hilarious it's a
it's a feeder for your baby so you can
leave home for you know like the weekend
and your kids to us food I think that's
great they got all kinds of sizes and
shapes
they've got em too energy drinks now
I forgot I had a baby for six wonderful
hours my husband and I enjoyed a
romantic dinner on a Tuesday these are
so funny did a trout a crib trough snack
tray that's great man
that's great too funny
I got the bed versions tip in the bike
version the rear view mirror version
adults can get their dribble on anywhere
uh house looks so much better
Beth uh see it close to that bedtime
kids are in it that's what you pitch for
a snack no I said come downstairs and
find a snack and that's what reading
even though I used to take a whole pack
of those to school when I was in school
and I would eat the whole pack squash no
way no way aha oh you've got me your two
best if the kids are passing out and I
have to come down Todd you guys know the
company that runs my fish tank called me
and said I needed to do something for
him so I'm down here for those of you
who don't know this is the room that
runs the fish tank this is everything
for the aquarium
and there's computers down here you
would actually read and adjust the
waters that's really cool
I don't know what I'm doing that's the
truth right guys thanks for hanging out
with us today the kids are asleep me and
mommy is gonna get some US time huh I'm
sorry sorry we are hooked on a new TV
show for us it's like the oldest show
it's called Chuck we just started it's
so freakin good
look at our pillows we're the only
people who have a nice bed nice blankets
we use t-shirts for pillowcases all
right guys we want to take a trip we
want to take a trip Noah's getting ready
to go on a holiday break and we were
gonna take off anywhere where should we
go
be honest where should we go me the
family two kids we're going to take off
for a little bit and do some cool travel
vlogs where should we go tell me in the
comments I love you guys
we love you don't forget smile more
pretty good run yeah this is what I walk
into
you guys trying to cut canes here
