somebody's pulling some pranks today to
try to catch a bad pregnant Hey they're
trying to catch was pranking birdies
and we missed half those Cup we didn't
pull our cameras out so they're almost
homers sports cars not police officers
you guys may notice that today's vlog is
in super duper high definition today's
the first day that I'm trying this what
is that it's a it's it's kind of awkward
it's a bigger camera see that I am best
body yeah but it's uh Jesus Christ and
that thing's huge
the lens is uh is amazing it's so wide
it's like we're probably both in the
shot it's like a super
oh come on see your quarter bite no heli
the second half today the second half
first half stunner here oh shit it's
here I didn't even see it oh my god
would have so much fun on this no way
every day there's new paint added man
every day there's new disaster you
should add something check that out
I live a screen on her which ones up you
go around
yeah nice what's up Scott what's up man
this is the guy building the ramp he's
killing it he built these so fast like
this that other ramp wasn't even here
probably an hour he's already got all
that done yeah are you gonna do
something cool
meeting time meeting time I guess we are
serious meetings meetings meetings
meeting let's go let's go oh hey hello
I'm gonna email it to alright guys
believe me when I say this we just spent
four straight hours in an office it
feels so good to get out in the sunlight
blue skies baby let's see how our ramp
guys doing let's check on the ramps I
don't know if I like this camera guys to
be honest with you I don't know he's
getting work done
as a blogger you'll always find yourself
filming everybody else knock yourself
embarrassing bro oh dude just spin it
all the way you're good
go jump it just your friend just trust
me got it it's almost it's almost
nighttime Scott just finished the ramps
dude good job brother
this guy's the man did hey I like when
work gets done
Barry you see this this is how the cell
work gets done okay Oh hit me it's my
friend
it's so fast you're gonna be up that so
fast all right
just gotta eat so steep I put it on that
wall over there and just cruise back
here that's too tight it's tight yeah
shooting with the gun y'all want to show
I want to show my here set let me show
my viewers this Barry this is a very
original you know I like a Frankenberry
here at the office this is what Barry
brought in to prank me with today
this is nerf gun with tax oh my god oh
my god
having this much power do you look at
this this is awesome toy Barry I have so
much control here at the office
who wants Barry stuff one in my leg
today you guys really want to have fun
make one of these this looks like a nerf
gun yeah take the darts take the darts
and pull the tips off and put tacks in
them
look at that that looks so mean perfect
so I didn't give you a proper
introduction man what's your full name
Scott Manning stop Manning this dude is
it's pretty much a legend in the
business you've built so many some of
the things you've built and who they're
for uh just Rams for Jackass Nitro
Circus and some yeah I guess be so
modest just just jackass Nitro Circus
nothing big this killer dude I'm honored
to have a ram in my building that you
built not to be pictured you get in
thanks so much dude that's rad either me
or Batali's probably break a bone before
you even start following the movie ever
Chuck
that's what I'm riding in tonight
Batali's always a mystery whether we're
gonna make it home or not
he'll brush you know I got a family and
everything right you're gonna take it
easy always we gonna get home safe
always okay Hollywood it's Alec it's
metallic it's so embarrassed when I act
like a tourist with my camera the camera
stays fuck you when I hate LA bro you
just work for you fucking tick till we
get out of our car for what how many
minutes not even look you just ran in to
get food what'd you get me a ticket for
probably having no front license plate
oh yeah no uh no front license plate
that's my second one dude that oh but
your car looks so good with no little
friendly slick no light no front license
plate dude it's worth it I just paid
another no license no front license
plate I know I know what I do uh parking
garages and garages that will never give
me a ticket
no license dude you would never put a
license plate on this car yeah what the
fuck is and you don't put like not gonna
drill a fucking you don't put license
plates on a Lamborghini you just gotta
pay the tickets man pay em pay up you
got it
yeah dude holy Jimmy good dad awesome
that was keen better today or was your
monster good today
oh no he looks like a monster he came
will you go turn that light on for daddy
Wow
we go turn that light on yeah
thanks dude
good job so our vlog I pretty much know
out of it maybe I do maybe I don't
it's hard to tell I don't know vlog
because we sat in meetings all day long
but now I'm home it's already late
tomorrow we have our first like
photoshoot for the movie it's it's not a
real serious one it's kind of just for
like promotional things you just
purposely falls off I don't think I'm
gonna film with this camera to be honest
with you guys let me know it's shaky
it's not as smooth as my old one and
it's bulky it doesn't fit my pocket very
easily it's kind of hard to carry around
but I'm sure the quality is nice we'll
see I haven't even got to see it yet
ready you have to look at the camera if
to look at the viewers and you can't
smile if you smile you lose no smile
okay lost
mm no jigglin ready yeah how do you know
if it's recording
all right Kane it's not recording I'm
just goofing off oh I see it okay ready
straight face I guess don't smile those
laws
mommy usually always wins at the game no
ready yeah straight face mm-hmm sad face
let's do face contest ready sad face
you guys tell us who is the best face
all right guys just kind of worked
through the evening
um getting Kane to bed and we're going
to go pass out early got such big day
tomorrow
um tell me what you think of this vlog I
know it was I know it's a sucky vlog
just because I didn't pull the camera
much as cameras way too awkward I don't
think I can film with it but uh I didn't
think the quality is that good I think
it's good but it's shaky like it's meant
for a tripod or something so I don't
know if it's meant to be hand held like
this you guys tell me what you think use
this camera or not tell me in the
comments I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow Tamar should be really fun good
vlog for you guys and as promised I'm
going to try to have that epic prank for
your Sunday big prank not a little prank
I love you guys see you tomorrow
don't forget smile more yep tell them
back in today yeah looks just like it
yeah we got it we just random Italians
to eat real quick what is anybody's have
