what's up guys I hope your day is
awesome about to pick up the guys we're
gonna go out try to make some videos
today I'm gonna shoot tonight battalion
wants to shoot during the day so it's
perfect let's see what happens just got
to a place called big 5 sporting goods
you need to get some what wardrobes for
a prank today well this is good this
would be cool for the office do one of
these yep I'll be back yeah looks just
like it yeah he's ready talents to eat
real quick what is heaven that mine you
ate them on patellas mom made this
special chicken suit oh I'm so excited
just got to the very hot and beautiful
Venice Beach it's a secret it's a secret
- secret needs to see Pharaoh giving
people tickets for saving my boy he's
given people tickets that's one of the
coolest things ever did you know how
they do that yeah but how did he get up
there to begin with Vitaly and I are
having a blast dude he almost got
punched twice did one guy was huge he
was gonna knock you out dude yeah this
is old-school right here Roman in Vitaly
sitting waiting the piece well yeah
we're waiting for a car to pull up and
park so that as soon as they Park it
Sally can write him a ticket for not
paying it's so bad that stuff for a
little pit stop get some real energy
it's like being on an island it's a real
thank you all right guys we've had an
excellent day so far I haven't pulled
the vlog camera out enough and film so
I'm gonna try to do that now we've been
filming all day I've been filming for
Vitaly so I've been on camera makes it
hard to vlog but I'm off the camera now
so it's time to vlog a little bit and
we're leaving Venice Beach area and head
back to the Tally's I think and then I'm
gonna work on a big prank we'll see what
happens dude how do you feel about your
prank today how do you feel about it how
do you feel about your prank today I
feel great
I almost got knocked out two times will
you film it but the Brazilian TV filming
someone have to get a footage from that
hey baby
just ran home we got a shoot at dark and
it's still light out so I don't know I'm
craving breakfast foods so we found this
check it out bacon sugar free no natural
all-natural love it good little monkey
want some craven craven breakfast and
I'm the breakfast guy I could bring I
love cooking breakfast so how do you
like your bacon oh my gosh I'm zoomed
all the way in
sorry guys let me zoom out takes forever
latest anyway how do you guys like your
bacon chewy I personally like chewy
bacon Brittany likes a little more
crispy Cain I think he'll just eat it
anyway
he loves bacon so I really didn't think
it was gonna last but I'm still on this
diet organic frickin eggs it's not a
diet I guess it's just eaten better I
don't think you call it I don't know
what you call that
but everything's just men I feel I've
never felt better in my life just eating
better organic no sugar no sugar unless
it's fruit you can eat fruit it's great
oh yeah daddy cooks before I go out
tonight I wanna show you guys something
new to smile more family this is this
right here is the reason that you see
every prank that I ever do and honestly
a lot of pranks that you see on other
people's channels to this camera right
here has been through more than any
camera I've ever owned and I actually
bought it at 1 million subscribers about
this camera so it has so much history in
life along with the mics everything's
broke this has been broke the top is
gone it's missing so many things but
it's still a fabulous camera but new to
the family
don't enter this is yeah this is a brand
new Canon XF 200 dr. Nieto let's open it
let's do an unboxing here pull this down
yeah no I don't you got folds down first
pull it that way yeah pull it Paul yeah
now you can open it this is gonna bring
oh my gosh what's the manual for this
thing that's a book alright so this guy
is gonna go into retirement now we're
still gonna use them all the time and
we're gonna we're gonna try out the new
the new Big Dawg I'm about to be in
heaven oh my yeah
I don't even know where to start this is
a real test for this blender right here
that's a serious load of health here
goes game run runs hit it hit it funky
white boy
well guys this is what I'm about to have
diarrhea looks like all right so just
walked over to the Tally's place what's
up b-dog BBB for Vendetta we're about to
go shoot a night time actually finish up
a prank that we worked on probably a
month and a half ago make quick pit stop
at the store to try to find some props
we need for tonight that's about it all
right I got the water you got the bread
let's go we came out with just a bunch
of gallons of water man and peanuts they
play tonight there like nine gallons of
water and trail mix the does this
guy have plan tonight roll with us yeah
that's pretty cool
or staying is when you come out to do a
prank and there's nobody out look at
this
it's empty and then they got 24/7
24-hour dental office
was that what that was yeah 24-hour
dental but nobody's out that's a ghost I
get my teeth oh I do need those thank
you all right guys what a sucky night
not only did I have to come home and
charge this battery because it died my
blog camera died but we got no usable
reactions tonight it was terrible it's a
ridiculously hard prank to film but I
promise I will get it done for Sunday
I'm gonna upload this Sunday and it's
not a it's not really a cute prank it's
gonna be it's gonna be crazy so uh
you're gonna love it that's really it's
super super late I'm exhausted
tonight was a fail and I didn't get to
even vlog all night so you win some you
lose some
I love you guys hate tomorrow is the
first day we'll be shooting
high-definition vlogs so look forward to
that that should be pretty cool I'll
take you guys along I love you thanks
for smiling thanks for coming along
liking
see you tomorrow mom one
Oh
that's what bumpers this is
