what's up what's up guys dude recovery
we're on recovery mode from Thanksgiving
eat too much partying too much the house
is probably at an all-time record
destroyed it's hurting Nemo there's
sparkles Kingsley
no that's Billy Billy has a mouth open
more yeah guys so we're just getting our
day started Britney's given the kitchen
a serious mommy makeover real fast I
know she's going to her dad's for dinner
and the boys gonna stay here because we
all are like congested sniffily kind of
sick and we don't wanna get the family
say so we're just gonna hang out here
while she goes
last night she went black friday
shopping with you guys watch the vlog
yesterday she found actually the best
deal I think you got is two samsung tvs
half price that's a good deal time for
some Nutella jelly sandwiches this is
next-level next-level peanut butter and
jelly all right yeah yeah give me a give
me a fight pace ah I forgot I'll have to
make your stuff anymore
just jumped outside I used to be able to
do this thing on the four-wheeler man
sorry I'm so stuffed up uh where I used
to get on two wheels and I could ride
around and haven't done it forever so I
thought why not try it for the vlog my
LTZ I've had this for probably probably
exactly ten years about this brand new
ten years ago and it's my baby I've had
it forever so let's try this
all right I can kind of do I can't get
it as high I think my wheels are too
soft I think they're too low they're
really squishy
oh yeah leave this that's why definitely
the air in the tires look at this one
this one's bad and that's the tire I was
turning on that's why every time I would
roll it we would want to we want to give
out now I'm gonna try it my car here we
go
oh now you decide to play now you decide
to play who's gonna help me clean I'll
find him I've been playing a little bit
of Call of Duty and I've never used the
headset right so breath like give me a
headset if you see one so she gets me
this thing so I don't know anything
about these things but it looks amazing
and complicated when did they get so
complicated look at this I feel like I'm
piloting a jet no no you guys probably
don't remember so calm that was my game
I didn't leave the house for like two
years because of that that game wasted
so much life on it but it was so simple
you just plug your headset in it was so
easy now it's all Wireless that's got so
many buttons I try to hook this up look
at this sunset
wow that is pretty pretty music
I thought I was gonna get you way worse
than that
now canes upstairs doing it you like
that
itsy bitsy spider you guys know I can't
get much physical stuff done without my
bra uncle Dale coming to save the day
he's got all the fancy tools and the
brought his kids over to play oh this is
just great
how bigger you can
that thing
yes
hey come on
pizza's here it's a pizza everybody say
good night came it's that time all right
come on everybody all right guys you're
gonna have to forgive us once again
we've we've kind of worked into the
night we're all sick like I'm like
running on cold and sinus you can hardly
breathe no has been coughing on hey we
just didn't do much we got a lot done by
is I don't know what to say let's get
some sleep
love you Oh huggy huggy hug you rubber
duckie teach me how to dougie teach me
teach me how to huggy all right guys
thanks for hanging out with me today I'm
gonna try to recover now just sleep I
wanna bed early it's 10:30 which is a
record for me what do you see in there
have you shown them where he sleeps no
every night Dori sleeps in the coral
like I've never seen a fish just lay in
a hormone sleep I know usually they at
least like keep moving
yeah like all of it took us so long to
find that don't forget to smile more
stores on a 10% discount all the way
until Monday at midnight you just put
him when you check out you just put in
the code smile more under promo code or
discount fed wherever you put him smile
more all lowercase that's it I love you
guys I'll see you tomorrow
don't forget sup guys it's Thanksgiving
happy Thanksgiving we are I'm just
starting our day off I'm just start the
day off they
working on this stuff since last night
Britney got up at 6:00 in the morning
