good morning guys cheers look at that
I'm starting the day off strong baby
three bananas strawberries berries
spinach you name it is in this thing I
feel I've never felt so good in my life
headed to pick up Dennis sup dude we are
headed to the the pranksters paradise I
don't know we need a name for this thing
I only call blackish blackish like a TV
show Wednesday's never said nice
commercial for them uh-huh
you've been trying to come up with a
name for our playground pranksters
player cold Oh what do you what do you
guys wanted to be called yeah maybe you
guys can help us come up with that
there's been a couple names tossed
around what's your favorite yeah this is
it right probably animal really I'm fine
and watch it whatever the next big
Street yeah yeah see to him hey guys
just got the office of one introduce you
to uh Jordan what's up I'm Jordan
I'm revising producer for the movie
there is actually a movie it is
happening it's not just blowing smoke
this is this is like this is where it
all happens is where the magic happens
this is the this is the fun room this is
where Oh sup guys I said what's your
name do JP I am I'm Joey I'm here we
have so many producers on this project
so what's what's some of the funnest
parts about making a movie guys like the
funnest parts yeah when we don't get
arrested in this circumstance and so uh
when we can keep Dennis under control
that's probably a good thing
for this I was told were part babysitter
part producer that's kind of the thing
here so Barry knows all about the weird
to babysit we need some reinforcements
due to some tomfoolery and semantics
last week so we had to bring in through
some heavy lifting so now we get the big
dogs here and and how much prep time
paperwork computer work would you say
goes into a movie like this it's endless
depending on how many times you get
arrested through the enemy I don't like
to even film the movie to even get out
and go shoot the movie how much time
goes into it there's a lot of time put
into to this there's a lot of logistics
there's a lot of paperwork paper pushing
email pushing permits insurance Oh phone
calls lots of things that you have to do
there with my Amex are you yeah making
movie so fun guys that's so fun whoa as
we left the office to wrap up this prank
um Jimmy Dennis Rudd there's run shotgun
ready to set up open up shop whoa
yo guys just walked past a little bit of
time Dennis and I he actually had
something to do and I'm trying to wrap
this video so I can upload it hopefully
by the time you're watching this so I'm
gonna pick up Alex he's gonna be my
cameraman um and that is now that Ohio
Avenue I'm home baby back you know I
what about that what's up Alex let's go
to be in Ohio yeah there's a tree out
here so sunny that's weird
son oh there's a palm tree too we're
headed to UCLA right yeah you seal it
right into the college campus old school
man I told you guys I want to go back
know an old school pranks today it's got
the UCLA this is a big big college
campus here in Los Angeles gotta pee
baby you got to pay to play this would
be the first college campus I've been on
other than OSU Ohio State
where I always film that always that's
where we grew up filming that's where we
started YouTube so this is new grounds
for me hi but as soon as I show up dude
what's up what's up what's up we got we
got some soldiers you watch the vlog yep
every day every day then how do I know
you watch the vlogs every day um okay
there was the funny pictures in the hot
tub one nice it was a stealing gas when
I saw that oh that's on the main
challenge yeah yeah man Jimmy Channel
what's my slogan Roman soldiers well
yeah that's one a lot more smarter yes
yes cool cool oh shit is it poop dude is
it Luna hey that's the freaking this
looks like a killer spot steady slow
traffic you can chill up here and just
be hidden oh it's on people are good
sports
I think Arnold Schwarzenegger's flying
it
he's so excited we're gonna leave here
and try to beat the Sun to the beach and
try to get some beach reactions that's
the only thing we really don't have it's
fun people in the sand
I have sand in my butt sand in my pants
I've sand in my pants guys we are
driving onto the Santa Monica Pier like
this look at this view baby I love it
I always feel like I'm breaking the law
but you actually can park on the pier
this is peep and it's all like rickety
and
how are you ma'am anyway our kind of the
only cash okay and they told me they
were gonna move that blue that blue one
this time by the green one yeah but what
about the black and the silver though
they said they're gonna move it by the
tree which one the the silver one yeah
they say they're gonna move it over by
that green dumpster okay let me let me
tell supervisor are you asking about
dying dude if this thing breaks you're
dead bro Alex's life was on the line for
a split second I mean I've seen these
things break bro my cousin ray gray one
time is on their book dead that's what
happened right there it's why it's
orange until one sec yeah it's been
replaced it's a really weird place for
three cameras I mean we are like oh no
Security's tight squeeze tight a lot of
pranksters and stuff around this area
um duct tape on the glass on
I'm just Chamblin rambling I think we
got the video done guys I hope so we've
been filming the sun's going down you
know good luck with my shooting yeah I
know that bump you had oh don't even
call me out of that see if you guys in
the prank video see if you see a bump
that would be Alex that was Alex a
little trip it was a little trip but uh
it's gonna now that you just mentioned
it nobody would notice until I mentioned
it oh hey there is a man they get that
fixed they move it yeah they did I mean
I can still see it you do tell
they said the gray one was gonna be sat
beside the tree but but the trash can
couldn't
and they gonna get okay call who yeah
right yeah ask you if they'll move that
that green one cuz the gray ones just
fit in my way all day it's like a roller
coaster did you climb the hill if you
just tell ya oh yes that's why you don't
long and drive now there's nobody look
we're gonna stop for you right but still
outside
alright guys headed home was a great day
pretty successful I think I got the
whole video done for you
hopefully it's up right now if it's not
that means I didn't get it done for you
but I think I think it is listen about
this video everyone's gonna say it's not
crazy it's not epic it's not it's not
it's not scary enough well you know what
I want to go old school man like my old
original pranks me on the streets
messing with people that's what I wanted
to do that's it so forgive me this time
if it's not crazy enough show your love
um I'm out there just having fun so I
hope you guys can enjoy it it was fun
good the LA traffic is so fun you guys
have no idea seven eight nine
oh 10 miles per 11:00 we're setting
records guys we're setting records crazy
thing it's like almost 8 o'clock at
night it's just it's just like this I
know you're sick of me hear me complain
shut up imma shut up shut up turn the
camera off just stop recording stops ah
Cain Cain Cain I got something for you
it's super cool wherever you are you
should come out and get it
I do I didn't get you anything
go home Brittany prepared some are the
best tacos I've ever had man does it
look like my I made this one
everything's falling out of it yeah I
made this one that's why thank you for
dinner well thank you for dinner
all day it tastes like it took all day
did you miss me
all right guys I'm gonna end this vlog
and get these videos edited I got to get
a prank in this edited by the time I go
to bed so that I can go to the office
the morning I'm pretty much yeah I'm so
crazy such crazy prankster I'm gonna be
playing trains for the next ten minutes
probably me and Kane just built this
track I'll play trains yeah
poor trains yeah no this is for me and
Kane all right guys I love you thanks
for the support the prank is up you know
what to do go show your love um I hope
you like just a fun classic old-school
Roman Atwood prank that's what this was
today I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow thanks fellow likes all the
love all the balloons have you guys
smile mark you smiling you're awesome
he's pleased
Oh nasty is that real get it get it
please get it off please please
