what's up guys good morning to you
I got uh mr. Mandel here with me today
and we are out and about trying to shoot
a new prank
you got a pretty funny one today I'll
show you in a second we had to find a
craft store today craft store well not
really we needed a hardware but I think
this has what we need just say what's up
are you tired oh he's such did I step in
his dude oh my god
pervy dude
no it's a sticker it's a sticker hey hey
big dog did you miss me even trying to
add nothing just ran out Alex had to get
Harvey some dog food the dog probably
just started eat like crazy
makes me miss Zeus in here all these
toys so this is probably living it up
right now playing with bow running
around you know coming into and like an
all-natural organic pet store makes me
wonder if our animals are eating better
than we are
I mean I'm not eating turkey and ducks
do lamb and beef stew look at this dude
I'm never gonna hurt I didn't know they
made dog food like this on a second this
is like they have a freezer section for
daughters
unbelievable primal I don't know about
you guys but these power lines always
scare the crap out of me
you hear that all right so we just warp
to the beautiful Santa Monica this is a
beautiful place to prank it's also right
on the beach today we're gonna see how
people react when I chase them with poop
on my shoe
not really chase them but if they run I
might I might I might follow see what
happens really windy smile this is
pointless
what's up it's kind of a bad area though
if you think about it like it's
dangerous people pulling snake pranks
all the time out here I wish I had that
on a string that's what we need on a
string right now this prank is actually
going really good I've been literally
chasing people with just the little pile
of poop on my shoes dude would you would
you run from that shitty prank that's
what it should be called the shitty
prank shitty shitty ass prank ever in it
this is where humans go to be awesome
I know what it feels like to fall from
that height imagine
we are wrapping up for the day this
uncertain asset and I hate having that
mixed sunlight in my videos I'm so picky
picky picnic EPT and my hair is just
falling apart
I think from jumping and stuff anyway we
are headed back to Alex's I gotta get my
stuff and are we still Seth Rogen today
well I didn't they did he was in the car
yelling out the wood saw spray and I'm
tried just together it looks like Seth
Rogen the amount of you guys out here is
insane I took more pictures today I just
have done a meet-up out here yeah there
was so many they were crowd I don't know
how you get Frank stuff it's getting
really difficult but I love it I love
you guys coming up and saying hi I don't
like the people that just send tweets
hey I saw Roman today but I was too
nervous to come say hi come say hi I'm
not a scary person
I might have poop on my shoes but come
say uh baby did you
I think Harvey loves me do you love me
Harvey she love me are you are you in
doggy Jail
all right dude I got a run place you're
filming the day
you the man see you later bye Harvey I
said bye Harvey
Oh Harvey headed back to our side of
town I can actually say right now I'm a
roadie rider okay riding in the rodeo
mobile the DJ club remix did I'm
deliriously you know what I like when we
started YouTube we were like huh sauce
and now we're just getting old we used
to be like nobody can keep up with us
did we go how many days straight now
we're like Suns not even down yet we're
like we can't go on sit down bitch oh
the truth is so real right I was
thinking up
yup they were so young and fresh just
got home Brits working hard in the
kitchen we got a new toy - that we've
been we've been wanting to get this for
a long time but we've been contemplating
it's it's a little too expensive but we
got it and it's a super duper blender
pooper so anyway I'm gonna be making
mean smoothies vegetables fruits oh
you're making uh our favorite spaghetti
which is the first time we've had it
since our diet started yes piketty's
harder to cook when it's healthy
probably tastes totally different - it's
not the same hey I got an idea let's get
all the water bottles we can find yeah
and bowl with them yeah that's good
that's a lot okay now we'll sit back
here get your truck from back here yeah
push it push it push it really hard and
try it yeah you almost go all alone
ready yeah that oh man great way to come
home and just relax I'm gonna lie guys
that beats it I don't know if it's from
the Sun or like not enough water or
something but that's all I've been
reading is water so just might be a
little off today it's under the couch it
went over it Jane you want to show
everybody what you got today you want
show them come show oh that's one way to
get them oh is that one mine you got me
the little pumpkin you got this just for
me
all right guys I'm gonna go ahead and
close out the vlog thanks for watching
today and I wanna I want to give a
special shout out to all of you that I
see in the comment section with your
positivity I mean that's what I'm doing
these vlogs for real it is to bring some
positive to this life so thank you for
that I see a lot of just people
nitpicking like they find one thing in
the vlog to complain about instead of
saying what they like they say what they
don't like so thank you this shoutout
for you guys to show your positivity I
love it I love it so much it feels good
to be doing public stuff even if it's
these public pranks aren't crazy super
scary epic edgy it's fun for me and I'm
really just doing what I love to do and
I know you guys are gonna enjoy this new
one it's gonna be a main channel prank
it's hilarious enough enough enough
mouth flapping for me I will see you
tomorrow and did you want to vlog for me
okay pointed it daddy so I'm the big
pumpkin okay now pointing it daddy
hold it right here daddy all right guys
we love you thanks for always smiling
watching the block showing your support
I will see you tomorrow we get our
halfpipe tomorrow at the office so
that's gonna be fun
we'll see you guys then don't forget
smile more this vlogging game almost
