what's up guys good morning to ya I am
uh well Britney's not here she's
shopping with her sister for baby shower
stuff and uh well that means I'm on
survival mode basically on I got a fin
for myself
hot dogs ketchup relish chips a man's
got to do what a man's got to do
basically is what I'm saying
bread the old-fashioned microwave holy
moley
I blew that one down the middle I like
my hot dogs overcooked
honestly alright alright let's cut the
act how you guys doing good morning to
you yeah Brittany's gone with her sister
and her mother they're doing some
shopping and I'm fending for myself I
actually got Kane with me we're about to
goof off like we do but I need to eat
something Kane already had a pop-tart so
he's set for like half a day such a good
dad I'm such a good dad you know there's
probably a million I wonder how many
ways probably is a million ways to eat a
hotdog I'm a typical like ketchup
mustard onion relish that type of thing
but today all I got to catch but relish
just alright start with a relish it's a
squeeze bottle I'll shake bottle dude I
know this looks good but I'm missing one
ingredient you know what that is let's
eat this is our day so far doing to uh
plants games hmm say hi cane hi hi Anna
and I love tap so Brittany took the vlog
camera today let's see what she's up to
I thought we'd do something a little
different I know we did it before and
you guys seemed to like it a lot so uh
Brittany took out the cam for a little
bit let's check in on her
shall we hey guys it's me today it's not
Roman no one more pickier than that in
the backseat talking about how picky
eaters kids are how I used to be the
worst we're actually going shopping
today and I got my grandma taking us and
aunt me hey so we're gonna go get some
lunch and do some Christmas shopping
should be fun
Veronica would you get I got potato soup
and the salad salad oh my god what is
that bacon and she's making cheese fish
to do spinach artichoke dip and I got
chicken I get some punches that's my
news classic meal yeah my legs do we get
mountain to the food hey guys we are in
Babies R Us
my sister shower is Sunday and you guys
know I'm like in charge and doing all
that stuff so from Roman and I were
getting her a car seat stroller so I'm
actually taking her letting her pick out
what she wants um for the little baby
girl so we're in the baby store they
have the most adorable outfits it's for
a little boy
oh look little tutus so much fun stuff
because our whole family is boys this is
the first girl in our family so it's
exciting look at these little shoes oh
my goodness this just weirdly caught our
eye like from afar what in the heck is
this
oh my gosh it's like they're at sea oh
my time
kindness oh can I get this can I get
this for your girl so I think we finally
found one we had to come to a different
store listen I'm gonna put your baby in
there yeah throw over my shoulder yes so
good
whatever I needed I was falling asleep
in the grocery or in the store so need
to keep going okay guys so we are
officially done chopping and are going
home
you know I don't wanna droppin barely
any room a key I've got to see you know
what well it's it's all the way over so
we definitely are ready to drop and shop
till we drop
we dropped dropped veronica's dropped
wait the baby or you just make sure you
make it in time for the five
I don't know what I'm doing we've been
waiting all day for this this to charge
our big truck we're going to build some
ramps yeah we can make ramps out of our
boxes let's take these two
yesterday I told you that I turn on when
I when I Drive I go right his left left
is right well on this car I can only go
right his right left and laughs so I'm
terrible driving as you can see
so let me get this straight you want me
to come off the table down it then up
this box that's going to work here we go
guys here we go
man I don't know what we would do mommy
wasn't here every day oh man yes we are
uh we've had a freaking blast today man
I don't know what to say
whoo we have trashed this place we got
to build it back when mommy gets home
act like nothing ever happened
yeah all right
the truck is fully intact nothing wrong
with it
what a beast but the battery's dead so
we got to recharge it
until next time that's your RC
extravaganza we should do more yeah we
should do more stuff at the RC car
waiting mommy's on and I finally got my
camera back I missed it
I was using the GoPro all day it's just
weird was that it's the chocolates for
the coming down the Davises Oh advent
calendar yeah so how was your day we
didn't do anything
not didn't do anything my name is good I
did find Veronica stroller mercy finally
nice there's a long day it was just like
oh yeah Kane and I didn't do anything
all right guys I'm gonna go ahead and
end the vlog now because tomorrow I'm
shooting a brand new prank
I'm with Logan Paul and Columbus which I
meant fun meant almost forever it's been
a really long time and we're gonna hang
out I got to edit tonight so that I can
leave early in the morning it's always
fun yeah
video yeah how Brittany do probably
better than me yeah I don't know
probably all right guys I love you we'll
see you tomorrow and get ready for some
new pranks I'll be honest mama
Xbox or Playstation that's what I want
to see in the comments and not just Xbox
or Playstation tell me why because it
was I was really close to getting an
Xbox because everyone's like get Xbox
get Xbox so
