what up guys how many of you do this be
honest
bananas baby and Cheerios I think we can
do what are you my cameraman
you're a really good cameraman that
slice slice like this is gonna be
awesome
bananas and Cheerios who does that
have you ever done that Kane no you
haven't
yeah well you're in for a treat little
dude
came earth some people just aren't cut
out for life on the road he bounced out
of the house and uh luckily were packing
today you know we're packing canes
packing see it oh he brought his machine
gun packing heat we're packing heat
Noah's at school we are out and about
Pinero you guys have premier well you
didn't want my Cheerios and bananas this
morning have you ever done that really
come on somebody out there must shake it
shake shake it let me help ya here comes
a big bite you ready for a haircut dude
I still got potato soup
you little turkey Turkey Bravo peanut
butter jelly so I know it's hard to
explain on camera but we're having like
record winds today there's trees trees
falling down in our yard it's been
absolutely crazy many traffic lights out
as well because of the high winds we had
to run back in astute I miss these man
model rockets estie's rockets I just so
much follow this I'm just looking for
cane cane okay what the heck is he going
okay okay dude there you are
like a train tracks train sets look at
all these models alright our very last
store for the day we had to get we're
hosting Thanksgiving at our house this
year first time ever well unless you
count last year's turkey bomb that was
like a little one this is like the whole
family we got a turkey and a ham 40
bucks for a turkey is that normal I
don't know what a turkey cost 20 pounds
only two dollars a pound it's not bad
it's just basic Matt canes being a big
help
big help he's gonna he's gonna run this
somebody for sure
I'll show everybody what you got this is
the one you picked
cain't earned $1 like days and days ago
well we found it in his pocket he picked
out that one machine gun Tommy we going
home Yeah right oh oh
tannaz car upside down alright guys I'm
back home and I'm retiring the old ps3 I
am I pray I play call of duty for the
last like four days on and off and it
freezes almost every game and last night
it got to where I couldn't even finish
one around so I upgraded ps4 and I know
all you ex boxers are gonna be hating
and hating but I've always been a
PlayStation guy I've never owned a
single Xbox in my life so I'm just one
of them guys hate to be that guy but but
I am now I don't know if I've ever
showed you guys this spot at a house but
it is a rat's nest of wires and
basically everything runs from the house
if you notice my TV is just the TV
that's because everything's inside this
room it's kind of a pain in the a
sometimes we are hooked up and I had to
buy an extra controller just got kids in
the house I wanted the blue one I let
keen pick any controller and he picked
this one good choice especially for Call
of Duty but yeah so we got a black one
and a camouflage one urban camo
what are you two doing Oh daddy likes RC
cars
ah you gotta steer it oh by the way you
might be my acne I use reverse
steering's so right is left left is
right he might be like me right now it's
set up for right is right left is left i
I've always raised right as left left is
right I also play inverted on the
PlayStation so up is down no no the car
gets you you gotta run
run from it it's gonna get you so for
some reason all I wanted to do tonight
like the whole night was play Call of
Duty with you guys I've dealt with
internet problems it crashes they're all
down my phone won't even work like my
Wi-Fi on the phone won't even work it's
just now going up it looks like but for
some reason it says this on my
multiplayer I know you know what that is
I I didn't I didn't buy the game with
the PlayStation 4 I downloaded it online
it took
forever to download and it's it complete
I can play the campaign and I can play
the game but I cannot play multiplayer
says installing content hey Batman yeah
it's been quite a few hours you
literally have not stopped working on
getting this game but I know can you
explain the frustration there's like I'm
here to get a PlayStation 4 you went out
with that one he's been playing for what
yeah I was like I was like I'm gonna go
I've just started new a new game so I
start back at zero and I was like oh I'm
gonna get ahead I'm gonna play and then
he's like where you bet I've been
playing I can't even play with you guys
I'm sorry I'm trying look at that second
look how long the second song and not
only that it keeps going up it goes down
a minute and then it just pops up three
minutes but I I speed tested the
internet it's blade everything's good I
don't know what this is there's more
important things right now hey are you
going that night you better be giving me
a big ol friggin hug I love you baby you
cuddle up with buzz whoa love you big
boy see you tomorrow
good night alright guys everyone's going
to bed I'm gonna call it a night maybe
tomorrow we will play was gonna ask oh
yeah yeah Xbox or Playstation that's
what I want to see in the comments and
not just Xbox or Playstation tell me why
because it was I was really close to
getting an Xbox because everyone's like
get Xbox get Xbox so tell me what you
prefer Xbox Playstation and why I love
you guys I'll see you tomorrow
thanks for liking and showing your love
on these comments I will see you
tomorrow smile more hey guys hey guys we
are in the middle of
sir
