guys give morning headed to the office
riding solo this morning um ready to go
ready to bring you guys you ready Jeff
fun yesterday yesterday's vlog killed me
I was laughing editing that whole I
don't know why but it was uh it was
pretty much having the team back that's
what it's like being with us so it was a
blast before I even got ready today
Britney went and got me to go woo she
saved my life cuz I have breakfast today
somethin perfect want to can you can you
kick good alright here you take it I'm
gonna set you up we're gonna start easy
I'm gonna start easy there we go we're
gonna start small we tip we take turns
you miss then it's Dennis than me I'm
gonna get hit
not bad not bad
holy crap this is gonna take all day and
off this over russian uniform vitellozzo
this is how you knock water bottles over
right here that's what you needed pill
gonna shoot in this mug you gonna get
Oh got it
hahaha he did perfect perfect like
garbage Gary oh my gosh did oh oh my
guess is that he made it he was enough
to leave found Raja you guys doing from
here yeah
how'd you get that close welcome to the
Frank office oh no way
game over game over just I'm taking this
one whoo do get it cool tell us or
nothing
what happened not chubby you're gonna
need a babysitter bro
by the time we're we're done d both how
well double is here as soon as soon as I
turn off the effing camera Dennis blows
out this window and then the talent
blows out that one back to back
oh my god does a chief oh yeah I get
better witnessing that we're getting
kicked out of here for sure
please looking back like cake it's a
little oh yeah hey
so we've already been yelled at twice
for this so we're gonna take all the
broken glass put it in something dump it
out back you guys have to fill it and
tell them what I'm not going to go damn
you do I sort of come from not even a
month I get it you can never say like oh
you act like that's the
yep
already have a pass voted that they
should pay for oil all right guys we got
a special guest to stop by our new place
what is up
Matteo I bet you guys don't know who
this is but you've definitely seen his
video hundred percent 100 percent you've
seen his videos but he's in disguise
right now yeah he's normally dressed as
a head smashing clown DM pranks did you
blew up like a rocket yeah I guess he
had like one subscriber and then next
time I looked it was like 2 million to
two something unbelievable that's
amazing dude so how this is our first
trip to the US and he just landed
yesterday yeah so what do you think of
not like today what do you think about
life so far traitor
I love this place and we may may may
work on something for you guys so maybe
yo put your number on my phone where's
your keys right there where'd you put
them you see him wallet and keys you
lost both
I get here you're really cold right now
oh ha ha ha you're getting ha ha ha ha
so hot so on
cold cold quarter cold iced over mmm I
am headed out I have a little surprise
well I'm gonna try
um I figured since for the next three
months it's going to be nothing but
moviemaking behind the scenes two-hour
movie I know it seems a little hectic
now but soon it's gonna be for real
behind the scenes
let me soon that's my word soon I
thought I'm going to shoot the whole
vlog channel as well in high definition
HD so I'm heading now to pick up a very
badass vlog camera
I'll show it to you impossible-to-find
backordered from every website from here
to the East Coast
I found a gun on ebay that has a brand
new one in a box that I'm actually going
to pick up hopefully it goes smooth I'm
in that area guys where the houses are
like 25 gazillion dollars there's so
much 25 gazillion I looked it up that's
a real real number for houses alright
guys I'm going to go see an awesome
friend of mine I mean he is one of the
most badass dudes on the planet you know
him you miss him I'm gonna go see him
but first I got to stop by my house and
eat some dinner because I'm starving I
haven't eaten much of anything
hi buddy yeah he eat more chicken yeah
chicken makes you strong you see your
muscles have they gotten bit all they're
getting bigger I see oh man did you make
this yeah really yeah it is so cool yeah
I love the gold paint at the glitter
yeah how you doing mommy I wanna see
daddy's new camera oh I thought that was
a less money vlog camera right there ah
it's been it's gonna be it's gonna be a
lot harder to film with but I think the
quality the vlogs is gonna be exquisite
alright guys I said I was coming over to
see friend of mine and who is it who is
it what up steve-o did a man actually
Walter yeah I was coming to see Walter
actually yeah you're the old you're the
only one who gets really close to that
dog yeah I have to be careful with them
they'll turn on me just as quick cuz a
good puppy good boy yeah your tats
healed up good on my eye yeah you forgot
didn't you I didn't forget
I nailed it hide yeah yeah for the for
those of you that don't know Stevo
actually tattoo these initials of my
kids and Brittany on my arm not that
long ago actually right I baby
it's actually been almost a year though
has it been that long it's been 11
months yeah because I'm time is flying
guys my first youtube video says 11
months ago on their CEO times not
waiting man right you guys want to do
something do it now his time is 11
months ago it's right or not
Swiss gold sage sage that's your place
yeah
never been here
interesting interesting yeah just
leaving this restaurant place and goes
found the dog man he found a fella
called sage see what you think dude I
never said I don't think I've ever seen
someone your size eat that much food
then I'm skinny fat I got serious
problems guy just put down like you'd
look like yet Anita in a week yeah and I
ate two hours ago still in there for a
while yeah killing yeah it's
embarrassing how much Louie enough for
four people that means ebay I was
actually like scooting away from him
alright guys it was fun hanging out with
steve-o get to see him a little bit I am
pink I'm headed home now I need to get
some sleep
I need to get this vlog at it I got to
be at the office early tomorrow earlier
than normal so I gotta edit tonight
so forgive me for any mistakes in this
floor alright guys I'm back home ready
to edit this vlog for you guys and uh
I'm kind of bummed out that it's gonna
be a few days before I can run this bad
boy I gotta wait for the lense to come
in it's shipping so hopefully it's
you're soon I'll let you guys know
you'll know what I'm using it it's the
first ever pocket cinema camera the
quality is insane I can't even wait till
you see it it's night and day difference
I don't know
I'm Tyga's it's midnight I haven't even
started so I love you thanks for the
support thanks for coming at the office
today thanks for hanging out they full
of likes thanks for everything I love
you see you tomorrow smile more guys I
love you
