hey guys before I start this wall I want
to let you know that if you've been
watching the blogs for the last two days
then you know we found a cat a kitten
you'll be happy to know that a family
came over I didn't want to film them but
a family came over and took the cat it's
got a great home it was not a bobcat it
turns out the guy that took it actually
has researched Bobcats who want to raise
Bobcats and he knew everything about
cats and he said he confirmed that it
was not above so that being said we're
gonna start the vlog and the cats got a
whole so here we go guess I'm fun down
here or what yeah you're learning some
tricks come on man I want to see a trick
in the next month
you got 30 days 30 days you'd master the
Olly master the flip I one's master in
the quick cha-cha-cha check awhat good
job already guys we are starting the day
off right I'm gonna get some clean and
on the cups are going out you guys just
smashed smash the cups I'm glad you like
them and they're really fun they're nice
I'm excited for you guys to get them
take some pictures with them send them
to me they're just fun week tonight
we're gonna do some partying with them
maybe are you going all the way up we
got this little loft loft there that
hasn't been cleaned since we moved in
Britney's going to attempt to get up
there guy can't wait to have this
painting we can't even hardly look at
this anymore look at this pane I mean
it's not bad it's just I don't know I
don't care for the colors as much it's
gonna be harder to come down for you oh
that's always harder for you go down
there's so much crap up there those dead
flies
yeah that's high you gotta see mommy
it's so funny
are you cold you need some clothes on
look alright I'm gonna go work in the
garage where you're gonna haul out me if
you need me holla holla holla holla
holla trying to get my garage clean
today and my motors been sitting here so
long it's dead so I got to jump if
you've never jumped to anything before
all you do is put the positive on
positive negative on negative just want
to make sure that you get a good
connection
I know this is probably common sense for
most of you but hey you never know there
may be some young people watching
they've never done this you just put
your positive and negative on there you
let it charge up sometimes revving the
engine on your car will help juice it up
faster that's about it oh got nothing
nope how we need more power it's not
starting someone give it some juice oh
listen to them horsies that's just horse
power right there baby
whoa all 90 of them you know
put it over here look game mommy's stuck
long should we keep her you'd be stuck
there is no way down what are you gonna
do for me alright I'm gonna go finish
the girl bye baby
I love you get her the ladder Kane I
gotta go
alright we're getting somewhere now I
guess able to move the mower
four-wheelers and I'm making a lot of
progress my car is filthy I must show
you guys that as you guys know we bought
this house and then had to go to LA so
we really haven't got to do anything to
it I want to paint the garage what color
I'm thinking like bright blue or
something cool like fun I want to paint
the garage it's a really nice garage
it just needs paint so what colors would
you paint it I don't know I don't know
if you guys want a nice cold coffee or
not but uh I found this nigga that was
in my hands that's all nice nice good
I'm gonna keep working are you ready
I love your boots man all right which
took a little ride boys my man my kings
they're gonna step my mom and dad's
tonight we're gonna have a few people
over and hang out they're gonna have a
little sleepover little sleep party
sounds good yeah oh that comes off
oh he's dead dead parachute this is uh
I'm sure you guys already know what
these are this is akadama it's like the
hardest frigging twine on the planet can
you do it well I did find a trick though
you spin the ball first yeah spin it
stand back sometimes oh but then you can
like I'm terrible with it something do
it really good
I've seen them guys they're like
swinging it around and all for a first
try that's phenomenal see what I can do
to two in a row but if I don't spin it I
can good very good key picture um no
isn't really good at it it's right
without spinning it's like impossible as
it rolls without spilling it - I figure
why not celebrate being back in Ohio and
get some big booms here comes the boom
ready in there good coaster yeah I'm a
good singer just admit it just tell the
people that's our store we're going out
all right just like that we just spent
way too much money got some monster
monster freaking fire worse dude it's
gonna be fun
what else oh my god well he almost
killed me I stopped for some supplies
pretzels
soft Brett oh my gosh guys we're going
down a dark road right now
okay we're back home I got this cool toy
today at the fireworks store
it's supposed to be remote control for
the fireworks at 1:00 look at these
mortars these are supposed to be the
newest best mortars in the business what
did you say all right let's try one of
these mortars light it up Gil ready here
we go
holy crap did that blow the mortar
barely escaped with my life
pretty loud zip that's so loud Wow cops
are coming for sure through the coals
are on the fireworks okay oh god just
gonna burn my hands over up and chase
something runs what what go go light it
I'm trying
oh god it's going it's going
yeah it worked
I'll go why am I so nervous
I'm shaking dude
dude those are huge it's only nine
bullets mega bursts it's like the sesame
seed bomb let's go
oh I think that's it
what was fun I just came in to pop this
I'm probably the oldest guy that still
gets freakin this in my face guys leave
the same I feel like if I pop down we
will lose half my blood and pass out
it's a monster if it waves at you or
winks at you tonight I'm sorry
yeah beer pong it's complicated
it's the wind I'm not trying to span off
it's crazy
Oh
outside there you can smack it if it
goes in
can we just all stick the board games
names done we've been playing
hide-and-go-seek with no lights when you
turn every light in this house off it is
black black
no lights whatsoever you have to feel
around it's the whole house except
bedroom and basement somebody left a
cheese plate on the floor
Jeff stepped in it like a you just
peeled it off on the plate Jeff trap
yeah
all right guys we're cutting the vlog
off it's late it's only 3 a.m. and
that's all I offer I'm sur des tea and
dirty the hell happened to me Jesus
don't look I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow film I set my base love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow
that's what we fail see you guys smile
don't forget keep smiling you're awesome
smile more if we're gonna go look at
this cat you should at least wear pants
completely naked oh my gosh where do you
go check on this kitty which we think is
now
