hey guys starting the vlog today in the
store instead of in the car like always
look at this if it's so many plants
they're growing out of the shelves so
crazy
no I'm kidding this place has like a
billion plants I don't know I've never
seen anything like it
we are wrong it's um it's Jessica's
birthday my brother's wife it's her
birthday today and Brittany came in to
get some stuff to make her a cake or
something like that
I'm just here for the ride I was goofing
off look at the baby
I came we have officially lost your
mother she's gone what are we gonna do
if you like hunting that's pretty cool
where did she go
that's some serious Christmas ornaments
it's not even Thanksgiving yet to be
honest I didn't think to look in the
cake department well this is torture
this is one of my favorite cakes in the
world German chocolate carrot cake and
then a course funfetti between those
three it would be really hard to
actually pick my favorite that's stuff
so good I bet I could just eat spoonfuls
of it what is that
are you actually putting shoes away so
we have not seen our cat this morning
Brittany gave it cat food and even
cracked the garage door like that much
so the cat could go out and use the
bathroom can we haven't seen it since
but it did eat it knows where food is so
I better cats are smarter than me that
all right so we just bounced out to go
get Noah from school got a little got my
little man with me we're had to go get
aren't we we're gonna go get Noah are
you going to get that booger school a
little man it's Friday exciting what are
we gonna do
call of duty 4 wheeler yeah it's not
bored yeah ice cream yeah yeah what
about you can listen dog poop no we
don't want doctor
how about pink canes ever made at all so
this is what you've come up with so far
I like it it's simple I think I see the
chocolate I know and it had to be that
way just loves chocolate white icing
would have looked better but whatever
here's the final cake I love it it's
great cute pretty simple
happy birthday just it says everything
you put everything on that it needed to
be yo you hungry you know in Boston real
okay so the house has been destroyed
completely by these cakes and cake some
kids I you know fire up the grill
it's never too cold fire girl hmm maybe
it is pretty freakin call hello baby
where have you been whoo
there we go I don't know man I miss
being home guys there's just something
about it something about this Ohio not
even that bad here it's not that cold I
mean it's cool
I just miss doing this stuff I'll have
these freedoms in LA I don't we gonna
make some good burgers tonight dounia's
she thinks that I threw all the coats in
there without hanging them up he did I
open the door stuff fell out what's
funny is I've never you guys know you
guys know that I love barbecue ribs ribs
are my favorite food probably in the
world but I've never attempted to make
them myself on a grill that's something
I got to do this year I got attempt to
make my own ribs Roman Atwoods ribs
gonna be a lot of fails but but I could
get good at look at that cheesy meat
these are definitely well-done all right
ladies and ladies dinner is ready so we
good cheeseburger and paradise I just
hit some setting on my camera that last
scene probably like really weird oh and
I got you cereal mumble cereal huh are
you sure
King Street on cheeseburgers why hotdog
I like how you're doing you're so nice
and neat and I just made a mess out of
my burger I'm kind of tempted to crunch
apply this myself with barbeque chips
does that mean I've never done that
let's try it so you know run it let's
just try one separate after dinner Britt
made a cake for Jess today for her
birthday which why aren't we there why
they'll call it Brittany today I was
like can you make Jessa Kate so she made
him it made him a cake for her but she
also made us a cake it's almost like a
brownie if we're gonna go look at this
cat you should at least wear pants oh my
gosh where do you go check on this kitty
which we think is now a vodka a while
freakin Bobcat I think it is I just see
his tail is short for cat it's not
impossible to get him cuz he keeps going
under the mower or the freakin power
wheels he's over here now you're going
right back he's too smart for us well we
want to get him and check him out but
he's so hard to catch he keeps going
under stuff oh you do have shorts on we
couldn't find the kitty so this is the
cat that Britney found that we rescued
yesterday and yesterday's vlog oh yes
yeah wait for it to come into folk yes
get the dark no all right no show me the
Google image of a bobcat oh my gosh
there are the same dark lines the nose
and everything guitars
it does look like it oh my god what are
we gonna do if it's a bobcat you just
have to put it back into the wild know
nothing about a bobcat I don't even know
what one looked like until today cat
like oh well that's I don't know we're
not certain yet but the pictures pretty
sure it's like have like this long and
like this much of it is just black I
don't know that being said we're gonna
in the vlog right there tell me what you
guys think
is it a bobcat is it a regular cat we're
trying to it it like a normal kitten
comes to you always they always come
this cat will not come to you so it's
got to be a while freaking bomb alright
guys we'll figure it out tell me what
you think in the comments we'll see them
up thanks for watching smile one she's
really getting in there no way no
