hey guys good morning say good morning
guys Kane and I Roman is sick at home
he's cuddled up on the couch with Noah
playing some video games so
it's me to me today we're gonna go take
there's some toys you guys do sees toys
everyone's in him yep you got him yep -
yeah Lucy's toys he's at my mom's house
so I'll show you his setup there and
what he's been painting at all this
these toys
yeah yeah you're gonna give them to Zeus
LEM Zeus and Bobo you want me to carry
him here okay that was like give me that
I told you did with Yuri loves you see
ya up but where to grab the ball yeah
yeah dude is that there's balls in there
there's a glow-in-the-dark ball Bobo did
you take a ball oh you want that don't
you
hi G drop it good boy
throw it that way watch out there's soup
right there I don't want him to run in
it throw it that way okay so that way
throw it out there yeah he was just
scooped out when I thought here ten
minutes ago okay throw it out there
good job I miss you he's taken over my
mom now yeah since we have been gone my
mom took him and he's living here now
with Bob all her dog hi digger this is
my mom's Kitty ticker
it's kind of a spaz we scared him too
much when we were little kids and now
he's like has a few problems I think
Kane are you hungry no yeah yeah you are
yeah yeah do you want some spaghetti yep
we got he sounds good yeah I got my mom
and my grandma and we came out to get a
few things and we stopped by and are
having some lunch things being a little
show off as usual all these keys
so since locking ourselves out of the
house I am getting a few more sets of
keys so that we can always have them
with us at all times
so hard to pick which one
got you you got your little basket
changed and dragging this little basket
around with my mom I was getting cues
man are we gonna go now night
so we're in the store my mom needs a rug
so we're looking at rugs they have so
you found that you found a rug under
there they've got so many the slice yeah
this is the one Kane likes sorry guys I
feel like most of today's vlog - nummy
Kane just running your home crazy
so let's say in Ohio so we're just
hanging out yeah not doing too much fun
too much fun too many I don't know
where's hey did you guys came again huh
yep we lost him mm-hmm don't worry that
I came by ah you got me yeah I'm making
a scarab yeah
oh look at her
is mommy kitty yep yep you want to be a
kitty - yeah you don't want to be a
kitty with me you're gonna be a kitty
with me yay he likes you
so here is our old kitten that we had
and Sneaky's around here somewhere so
yes all right all of our animals have
new great homes Zeus is staying at my
mom's and the kiddies are at my
grandma's very happy huh yeah hey mickey
he likes you yep oh man where's daddy
laying on the couch sup guys I've been
moved all day there's no okay it's been
a very lazy lazy lazy sick day I hope
you guys don't get it
yummy not you yeah we see so skateboard
yeah hmm what are you doing
is it crazy I mean a that's what he is
see a shirt change it up piece trip your
food Apple man it's our last night for a
while huh
it's been a great week huh I love you so
much
bring it in little dude my Squishy Jane
mmm Thank You CK alright guys let me
fight it let me fight it let me let me
fight it oh let me just bring this vlog
up a little bit let me bring it up a
level um it's our last day in Ohio have
to be out of here at 5:00 a.m. so Noah's
want to stay with my mom and dad so that
he doesn't have to leave super early in
the morning um so that's where
Brittany's going to take him there very
rough very rough happen to us in him on
his way he's gotta stay here for school
as most you know um so yeah I'll
honestly was um when I woke up I didn't
think I'd have a flaw today I was not
even gonna worry about it I was so sick
when I woke up fill up better right now
so I sent Brittany out with the camera
and she didn't know what to do or
nothing so please give her some love for
giving you guys a blog today it was all
her I just assumed that I was sick and I
wasn't gonna have anything so instead of
not putting anything up Brittany came to
the rescue
that's salt baby not the ones that make
you a zombie just regular bath salts big
beetle big Volkswagen sound even tub
toys like
and in German or at me that's what that
is
how much I'm supposed to put in there
but I always just dump a bunch in you
know when I went when I went out to LA
everyone made fun of me because I take
that I don't think anybody and all i
takes best like an ohio thing I guess
country thing I don't know if ever
showed you the aquarium at night I know
this camera looks like crap but it's R
it's like moonlight just lights of Ray
and the the ocean
alright guys like I said we got to be
out of here at 5:00 a.m. I still got to
edit this vlog
get ready pack get came to bed
Britany I'll do that whatever I do gotta
edit this vlog I'm making excuses
because I feel like Shh who next time
you see me we'll be in Los Angeles again
moving in to our prank offices which is
gonna be amazing I love you guys thanks
for all the support love needs for the
likes in these videos please give
Brittany a little love for trying so
hard today um I don't even know what
she's filmed yet but uh hopefully
hopefully it wasn't a full of love and
support and just so you know I'm only
standing here right now for you I am so
dead I know I'm acting so positive and
and motivating but it's just for you I'm
ready to collapse I'm gonna go literally
laying it up I love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow smile
keep smiling even if you're sick just
put smiley face I love you smile more
car jacked up you want to take these nug
nuts off nice and safe and set it aside
then you're just gonna simply pull that
flat tire offer and just get it out of
here you just don't want it no more you
know why
