guys welcome to the vlog today is
absolutely crazy it is um it Wow
it's uh and how I say this kind of even
tough to say it's this is uh this is two
vlogs in a row like this is like some
kind of crazy record flash this is like
a new me you know I'm this is new this
is cold baby I'm sorry I didn't mean to
scare you come back how you guys doing
hope you're having a great day we are
starting the vlog off right now
obviously Britney's almost here Brian
buddy hey it's nothing bad no no it's
nothing bad it's nothing bad you brought
your it's sitting here it's kind of dry
out it's not muddy and you haven't
jumped it at all I'm just I'm just
saying you haven't jumped it we still
have guys we have this double that I
jumped the GTR and it's kind of like
where we just go to just kind of get a
little air time Brian hasn't jumped it
you haven't jumped your x3 it just seems
no so I have another idea
cuz we've jumped this like it's easy
you're not you're gonna be fine you have
a jump sure so maybe boy come here no no
it's all good though I have we have this
giant palette a palette a giant pile of
palettes back here what if we took all
the palettes put it in between the jump
and then lit all the palettes on fire no
you jump through it like through the
fire yeah no just stack them up cover
man gas light it yo yeah and then when
you jump through the flames I know you
say it's your baby right this is his
baby this baby I jumped my GTR that's my
baby we're all jumping babies here there
you go I like that 1 2 3 go
good you'll hit it so quick the fire
just go right around it let's go oh we
just lay him on fire
that's my baby I love my come up with
this idea right now and then you're
actually going to get the palette you're
setting it up for yourself not me
palates in there guys on a serious note
it's funny because I just come up with
this idea and then Brian's going to get
all the fat like he's just doing
everything if you're new here guys make
sure you subscribe to this channel if
you've been here with me for a long time
thanks for putting up with all my crap
over the last pretty much since Korra
was born I've been very on and off on
this channel and lately I've been
missing days and we did just do 85 in a
row and I came back and I took a week
off then I did ten in a row then I just
took two days off so I know it's a
little it's a little up and down and I
just want to thank you guys for being
here and always keeping that smile on
your face guys we love having you here
and we just we like having fun so if
you're new welcome if you've been with
me thank you so much for staying with me
Brittney's on her way back she should be
here anytime she picked up some lunch
for us and yeah I'm just kind of winging
it right now doing what I do with a good
back my back feels a lot better and what
should I do
dude you can't change your mind first of
all and second all you're tearing the
yard up this is this is nice grass how
about you go get the pallets and we'll
just slate by here we're supposed to get
a bunch of rain tonight so I'm gonna get
this Jeep out of here cuz last time it
rained it just was stuck in the mud yeah
citing stuff dude great blog Oh horse
crap genuinely upset dang it darn it
tank on it honey
welcome home they got so muddy once you
got there I thought okay who's in there
okay I didn't even know you're with them
we've uh I was wondering where you've
been for the last 16 hours less she what
you so mouthy lately what they got so oh
you're a sharp sharp in but you said you
were going to your lunch it's been hour
please these are the wheelchairs yeah
William dared em once your food so bad
he's just an audible and
my own and - is that what you got at the
store - that's unbelievable it's like a
beaten asleep and that's just like that
oh mylanta
yeah hey hey guess what honey
two vlogs in a row we're two in a row no
I'm saying like this will be - yeah are
you gonna call Guinness World Records
and get us in the books it seems to be
enjoying it
alright Brian's doing an epic stunt epic
stunt I'm right Velma but first these
curly fries
and to think I had these perfectly good
shoes right here that's good that's good
all right now I can move the G what is
this oh oh
she's dead dead like dang it honestly
let's just let's just leave it in the
mud this is not that big video yeah just
in case like you talked about have a
fire extinguisher got this that we can
just you know like if something was to
happen I could just saw like that oh I
got you well I'll probably drink a
little more so I have yeah let's head
out to the old mug lens over here the
dirt park all right that looks good
that's it gonna be a tall flame for sure
you got it got it whoo that's gonna be
nice what you think you got that camera
set on 23.4 make sure it's all 23.4 for
the highest altitudes cuz he's going
pretty high all right you don't want no
warmups nothing you've never jumped this
little few princess well the thing is I
break it uh-huh we don't get to you
don't get to see it you rather just go
I'd rather do jump it in the fire it'd
be kind of cool so we got one shot I'm
gonna light the fire and you're gonna go
uh-huh
get all these guys rolling we got one
for the for the entrance we got one for
under oh I don't know five maybe about
that one so something really cool this
drone right now is on auto circle so
it's just filming and circling the ramp
all by itself
Oh
well jump dude he's already done it like
five times we said do it once oh don't
you do it that was awesome
so blurry here we go are you nervous I
was like a pretty big plane it was it
was big holy crap dad that's how you go
in Dover and he's not gassing it in the
air so he's starting to tip forward hard
I brought jump this far and he just
jumps it 15 times he's been jumping so
long the palette palettes are almost
gone well I kind of didn't I say I don't
know about this one like this one was I
was worried about it's gone that Gophers
gone still looking good over here
you find it well that should be a good
shot Wham
oh it's still recording it was oh man
you see the other side all didn't crack
it oh this is all scratched and crack
dude look at the gouge that put on that
baby
oh man put them put them in the line of
fire the risk we take hopefully we got
something out of it yeah it's so hard
this was all packed solid it was like
hard it's like card that's gonna be
you're flying through the end there's
all the time you see the dirt and then a
she's black yeah alright so uh when you
get that five hundred fifty dollars in
money that mud mud mud everywhere man
this thing is so muddy you guys made
this today of course sleeping she passed
out she gotta get that beauty rest
look at this oh we see you flash we see
ya a tough choice honestly which one's
my favorite so what you crazy boys gonna
be doing oh that looks fun get outside
go digging you know what I'm glad you
said boots place is trash places try
once you boys help these lovely ladies
clean up I know you do I know
home blessed I think I like it like this
this way blessed home how's that how's
that I think for the environment for the
for the energy of the room okay so Oh
first of all check this out battleground
sent a hoodie to us look at that even
though you're playing fortnight now I
feel a little like I should be wearing
that hoodie because I'm still oil have
fun tonight what do you mean it's an
apple it's not candy apple she dropped
it she's like okay so a little weird
because John is coming over to cut my
hair finally guys I'm a wreck
look at this you were a little buzzed a
little buzzed good she almost got hair
told me that there's lots of religions
that shave their baby's head because
they say it comes back and thicker
really kind of one in the shaver head
like with a razor just shave it
I am buck you got a little pet the
petting zoo outside you got a petting
zoo outside oh my gosh
the girls Brittney Veronica and amber
are going to see 50 shades there go out
to the movies which means chase and I
are gonna be left here with all the kids
me and you man you baby yeah he's like
you already gave her an apple I don't
even left yet I mean she likes it talk
about liking apples get it elbows out
there Brian
oh gosh always steals it you know to
give him an apple today I've already had
an apple for is that you give away my
apples we're gonna have a great time
say goodbye think about your little one
she's in good hands
yeah it already got hair on it they're
gone you're all ours and done done done
actually the boys are alive buddy
probably you know an hour ago we were
jumping gasoline filled vehicles over
fire yeah just turn it off turn it off
it's time to time to be dad boom go
action what what are you saying
are you motorcycles are you a motorcycle
it's my throttle you guys comfy Caine
okay you comfy you guys living the dream
living the life yeah what you're the
only one that wants to talk to me it was
busy
it's a madhouse super loud super noisy
lots of wheels racing around the track
cuz you're in the lead you got to go go
go that's really nice of Britney to buy
us some new race cars today you know if
we weren't supposed to do this they want
to made this such a convenient racetrack
in the kitchen like it's an obvious
circle it's an obvious racetrack hey
watch hmm have you had enough this is a
I'm gonna be sick
y'all humans are weird just say it I
know what you're thinking y'all humans
are weird yeah but your daddy it's funny
no matter where we're at in the whole
house Cora will crawl all the way into
Cannes
we're in Cannes room right now this is
his room and she just always comes yeah
I don't know you like it
it's her favorite room so we're just
hanging out here waiting on the lady
honest there's no guys thanks so much
for hanging out with us being a part of
these these vlogs in our life the crazy
stuff the mild stuff the boring stuff
the exciting stuff just actually being
here at this part of the video this is
to me the most important part of the
video is capturing these little ones
growing up watching back being I'll see
them we have heard most of her entire
life documented in little forms on these
vlogs and it's so cool yeah
I'm talking about you it'll be so fun
just watching her grow up and walk and
start talking and just I don't know man
as it is truly the coolest part for us
on these vlogs it's just seeing that
it's it's crazy so that she's about to
pull this fan down on the dirtiest thing
in the room that's what you want we
don't want to touch that yeah look yuck
yeah yuck
so um until tomorrow we will see you
then uh you anything to say you want to
just maybe speak your first words right
now so no okay
all right it's cool it's fine we love
you guys so much thank you for
everything you're beautiful you are one
of a kind smile mwah
you
