girl what is mommy doing to you look at
her what are these well you got you walk
into Oz are you ready to party today you
look awesome
I don't know about to shoes though I
just don't know about them she was
welcome to the vlog guys we're late as
always but we got a really fun day lined
up its Carson's birthday 9:00 he's gonna
be 9 9 years old I remember Noah turning
9 look at these guys taking over the
whole look at the glass hey what you
looking basically just get ready to go
we're headed out we're going to a little
indoor waterpark we've been there a long
time ago in these vlogs and we haven't
been since are you literally trying to
come in here the sore they said it's
gonna be warm today it's like Oh baby
alright so we're out and about this
thing's got like double in size this
week you guys excited for the waterpark
action wake
you'll wake that's your little guy right
there that's cool
you make me feel like a really weird
parent right now that kid didn't wear
shoes at all you and your socks the
whole way yes it doesn't matter this
socks are definitely getting wet ready
Julie what the heck is this place
everybody's ready to go you ready to
rock yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah let's go
have some fun
it's time to rock baby let's rock you
know
can you touch it almost touched
let's do some slides the slide in the
slipping and sliding
place is so fun such a good time fish as
it gets colder here this is just gonna
get more fun
I know
this will be my first time doing this
too
yeah this is a big voice live we're
doing it together
nervous it's gonna be so much fun
there we go alright yes sit up front
there you go now I'll get in and I'll
hold on to you here we go
all right you guys have a good time
are you battery's dead halfway all right
perfect we have half a day left you know
it's cool cuz we're actually celebrating
his birthday tomorrow that was just
something fun for us yeah yeah so we're
gonna have his actual birthday tomorrow
that was just like let's go the water
part so now it was a fun way to start
the day though that's great so when we
went down Han I can leave Korra went
down the slide I was crazy I didn't
catch on the vlog unfortunately but no
she didn't
so we're heading home we have something
being delivered that's super super
exciting so we're off to do that right
now then what are you saying we you're
so loud lately man you got a mouth on
you boy you ready we're home baby girl
well I would say Carson had a good
birthday he is knocked out literally
water park beat him up your half
batteries are dead how you feeling Colin
oh jeez you guys are hurt and no I'm
actually a little bit tired wow my mom
and dad are here welcome welcome
hi Cora's eating her hand as always Oh
probably getting teeth yeah she's
definitely teething all right so I
missed the delivery in the vlog which
kind of sucks actually wasn't gonna show
you guys this until it was finished
because I'm getting well let me just
show you at first
donkeys about to yell at me I'm right
here am i was gonna reveal this until
it's done because it's not done but I
like to welcome our newest member of the
Atwood family buh buh boom with the LED
light this flag LED it lights up so
Monday we start the artwork we're
getting the whole thing wrapped in a
custom wrap it's gonna be one of a kind
and I really didn't want to say if I
can't not show you guys this cuz I'm so
frigging excited about one of one of
these forever and uh yeah there it is
we should charge us battery and get some
epic footage with that drone Ã¤j--
yeah yeah I have batteries in there
don't I have batteries whole nine yards
g7x more to what you want what you want
what you want
we think that pops like it where do you
keep the space suits the space suits are
in the garage and steering wheel is
copied off the lunar like yeah dude
safety first safety first so it was kind
of not just a surprise to me but I
wanted it to be a major surprise for the
vlogs cuz it's gonna be custom wrapped
next I don't think it's gonna wrap next
week but all the artwork will be done
Britney's ready
are you excited Bret are you ready
you want to be the first driver
absolutely alright what color you want
Brett check just look at this light bar
did you turn it red green blue you want
all colors demo there you go the car
changes colors yeah the whole thing you
can't see the outside but it's all
changing colors you ready
he's awake Carson you'd be the first
ride ever happy birthday I know you want
to get in here and hop in the birthday
boy can be the first it's not because
I'm scared of Brett driving it's his
birthday buddy
hey lastwords Freddie you'll get the
first piece of dirt the first piece of
dirt honor and we need exhaust get to
quiet
I am fun oh let me drive it
you got the motor on it yes I should
show you guys the real reason we got
this right here and that is to send it
the whole pond the whole pond did in it
over it impossible impossible you just
not going in
put some styrofoam wings on it you get
me an old birthday
this thing's a 2018 it's already covered
and it actually looks beautiful right
now I'm not gonna lie it looks great it
is never going in that water I promise
you guys dad that would be like I would
expect you guys to be very mad at me but
I had to tease a little bit come on 20
yeah brand-new now look can't even sit
in it without getting muddy it's the way
it's supposed to look tough it's clean
pretty much missing all the good driving
footage of this thing but look at this
spotless nice and clean dirty
it's like contrast right there yeah holy
smokes like ice so friggin money I know
where to put my camera so muddy and I
think I've been in here washing up like
literally chunks in my everywhere chunks
in my everywhere so we're the new toy I
have actually inspired by one video that
I have for this that let me repeat that
the reason I got that not just because
I've wanted one of those for a very long
time but because there's one particular
video I've been wanting to film and it
requires one of those so so that's
coming up very soon I know you guys are
gonna enjoy it but until I could shoot
out I want at least get it get it
wrapped show you guys I should have been
a surprise man cause it's gonna be so
sick when it's done what's going on with
my Kamprad dirt and everything in this
thing we're gonna call it a day right
there guys I'm gonna spend the rest of
the night off-camera with the kids with
the family with my pair everybody's here
so we're gonna hang out just have a lot
of fun together I hope that you guys
have had an incredible day whether it's
morning whether it's nighttime sleep
great have a great day we will see you
guys tomorrow
can't wait to show you everything we're
doing with this thing kind of wish I
would have kept a secret but it's it's
you guys were part of my day in my life
so whatever let's just roll with it have
some fun with it and we'll get there
when we get there I love you guys so
much thanks for being here we'll see you
tomorrow you're one of a kind
smile
you
