ah sweet smell of bacon look at all that
bacon huh
why is Noah wearing snow overalls wanna
show him yeah because he don't have
school today welcome to Ohio
touch it there you go
that's yours egg bacon toast
strawberries thanks for the help get
cold did you just wake up that's a lot
of snow for us actually they threw out
at you we made we made some tie-dye eggs
this morning check it out have you
changed the color of the egg Oh looks so
gross doesn't it look good yeah looks
terrible so I guess they don't look that
good but if you want to make colored
eggs it's the same thing it's regular
scrambled egg it's cool yeah but all you
do is put a couple drops of whatever
color you want food coloring in red
green blue purple pink I don't know it's
a trick if you got kids you can get your
kids need eggs if you color them on that
wafak alright so no I didn't have school
today we got tons of snow I figured
let's have some fun right get the toys
out put some sleds up and probably quit
when someone starts crying that's always
how I guess like a glove
I think we need a bigger sled dude all
right all right so our sleds were too
small so we had to make some alterations
dug up two sleds nothing I put a good
kitchen knife check this out I just made
a hole with this knife poke the clean
with a sprig screwdriver then I'm trying
get this earring in here I'm so close
here we go
all right you guys have fun yeah we
definitely got to do more of that I
think we got a snowboard here if anybody
wants to try that yes you all right
let's warm up I'm frozen no okay so I
just thought of a ridiculous Instagram
picture what I think you want your
Instagram pictures it's funny I want to
go out I want to go out in the snow like
back where the trees are so it's really
snowy and hold like just be in pair of
shorts and a surfboard so it's like I'm
lost basically I'm looking for LA or I
don't know where I'm at it's so snow you
come out here taking a picture that
isn't worth it by the way and a big buck
just ran by like stopped and looked at
us I missed it on camera though all
right let's go what are we doing up here
destroying the place yeah I can see that
looks fun now treasure whoa money boo
superhero ever
fight let's try this one
my guys still alive all right yeah I
can't believe it's already dinner
spaghetti it's our favorite
well let's go play till dinner's ready
no our plan some call it what's this one
called
advanced warfare I think it's the new
one so we're gonna play this you any
good
size up we can shoot him
oh man so concentrated you never know
when you die playing this game it could
be a three year old killing you oh all
right dinner time oh that didn't take
long
thanks for dinner Maui was absolutely
amazing Kane doesn't look too pleased
dearest his mommy beat him and I'm Aneta
Baroni you beat him you'd even push your
food nose on his way daddy beat her beat
it
we got mommy's dessert from last night
whoa usually comes out with oh I'm
Eunice
I'll have this piece everything but the
star you take the star you guys ready
for some brownies that's it
let me ask again you guys ready put some
brownies so awesome I was all showered
up we were playing the campaign mode of
Call of Duty advanced warfare we've been
playing together when we started the
campaign now it's pretty cool actually
it's really cool we have warped into
bedtime just like that one minute we're
playing games next minute you're in I
love you I don't think you're gonna get
is lucky tomorrow with no school it's
not tip its nose yeah that's for open
yeah you know if it sounds a little
what's pretty much the same yeah
I love my buddy mmm we need that reset
button man which cleans everything all
right guys the kids are in bed Britney
and I just literally watch two movies I
was the first one scary movie 3 yeah
scary movie 3 and not another teen movie
we watch both those I'm freakin
exhausted we're beat anyways we'll see
you tomorrow that's all we got today I
love you thanks for watching thanks for
all the likes and support especially on
the short vlog yesterday you guys were
way too kind in the comment section and
that's it I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget you know downstate
