hey guys before I start this vlog I just
want to let you know that I was gonna
take today off I really was I was gonna
I was gonna I was gonna bite the bullet
and just and just not vlog today but I
decided it's not going to hurt me to
just pick up the camera here and there
and do a little vlogging so don't expect
much today but just know that we are in
Ohio and I really wanted a day off and
I'll get back on it tomorrow so here's
what I phone today
Burton II went to the store today that's
really what we need is food in the house
what is this a bunch of molds cookies ah
cookies holiday over there killer boots
man let's see they're huge
here's other would you get some good
stuff
aw it's so funny yeah did he actually
get you I just know this special packet
salute at first I was like well I know I
put this no put this in the fridge last
night I want to see at least one cookie
for every cutter just to trip every
single one got the fam here today mommy
daddy damn Jess how what are you guys
doing where is Noah he was down there I
don't know all right so we haven't done
absolute crap today
we've been lazy like I wanted to be and
uh Brittany's making brownies so we're
happy now these healthy brownies no no
such thing as a good healthy brownie
okay we were supposed to make cut out
cookies we didn't have half this stuff
so I found a box of brownies so I'm just
fix it how that works for me I'm pretty
sure everybody's okay with that oh you
should put some brownie mix on the
strawberries
I mean a try put it on this couple cut
out
I just stirred this and stir this and
I'm like is it always this thick and
then she's like I forgot the water
that's why are you doing the rest ma
here's the finished product smiley face
I'm not really about our crews yeah yeah
you put it on go get mommy Hey
oh it's a lot nevermind oh it's just you
so while I was in LA I had I had hired a
couple extra people to come over to the
smile Moore store and clean it up
organize it shelf everything and it
looks so much better down here Lee this
so much cleaner clean organized shirts
are on shelfs now thing is organized by
sizes and I don't know it's big to me
this is so much nicer man awesome I'm
still honestly trying to figure out
where I'm going to put the quarter pipes
when they get here because I shipped
them from Los Angeles out of our office
and I kind of forgot that these red
poles were here so there's not a lot of
like really good options I was thinking
it one on this wall and one on that wall
so you just come right in between I
think that would actually work out
perfect see ya and it's and it's like a
nice big distance big gap kids are going
to freaking love it
I'm sure Kane's going to use it as a
slide for a while so yeah that's that
Hey
you think I was downstairs though yeah
how's your day look what the kids do to
this place does she come out with like
some type of giant vacuum that just
sweeps up toys and organizes them
seriously imagine that scary that bad
uh-oh I'm sorry baby I will definitely
show you guys the aquarium tomorrow
it is looking amazing but it's dark and
all the corals are shut down so I'm
definitely not showing you right now oh
all right guys like I said this was
gonna be a quick weird vlog but instead
of skipping the day I'd at least give
you something and we will be on track
tomorrow with the fun and exciting Ohio
vlogs we're gonna do some cool stuff
thank you guys so much for the love and
support we will see you tomorrow don't
forget keep a beautiful smile on your
face smile more is welcome to our trip
back to Ohio and and I forgot our 6-year
anniversary
