what's up guys this is by far the
earliest I've been up in a long time all
because of this guy hey actually really
really pretty outside it's only 60
degrees outside what's josh's I guess
it's pretty cool ready for school today
oh we gonna open all the mail tonight
yeah yeah that was the pump you guys
sent so much mail so we're finally going
to while we're home in Ohio we're gonna
try to open all that mail should be fun
yeah it's gonna take us all night get
that bag on boy
I did I love you so much I'll see you in
a bit
you
recharge baby I'm recharged I just slept
for like three and a half I did I'm not
gonna lie
took no to school went back passed out I
just maybe drank too much last night or
just didn't sleep enough I don't know
but I'm gonna get know announced we're
gonna start this day pretty much I was
schooled in not funny
he's gonna some fun come on school's
always a blast uh-huh
you're working on doing your homework on
the way home that is smart that is
really smart
hitting the store to grab some
essentials for the house we were out of
a lot of things actually we don't need
to get much do you miss your brother are
you so awesome guys all right I got our
essentials really almost nothing we
actually need it except know we needed
milk and chicken and broccoli for dinner
I'm down for that
but these two are what really interests
me she's oh geez what are you guys
making homemade present even heard of
such a thing
who is it who is it oh it's Kane oh yeah
the girls have been hard at work wow
that looks good kid threw up bees came
in today I don't know if you guys
remember at VidCon we did the 3d scans
we just got them in the mail they're
actually really cool this is me vlogging
I wish it would focus by this are the
figures of me and Brittany this is her
actually pretty cool
what's up guys good morning I hope
you're having a great day Brittany and
Jess made homemade all Jeff's maybes no
credit to you anyway they don't really
look like pretzels but they taste
exactly like pretzels and I made I love
it
Jess I'm sure people are gonna want this
recipe so I don't know where you get it
alright guys as promised today we're
going to hit the fan mail and I've got
special guest my mom and dad and my
brother and his wife are all gonna help
us unravel these mystery boxes should be
fun let's just drag them out we're just
carrying stuff out preparing for battle
we should have wore suits for this we
should all dressed we should all dressed
in suits the puzzle it's a puzzle
Australia that's the best the best fans
in the world man this is made out of
wood from a low Aloha Roman thanks for
sharing your life and pranks with us
respect greetings from the Netherlands
Oh Neil get some sleep it says happiness
is a sunny day yep
alright guys so I'm putting this mail
vlog in this vlog if you don't want to
watch the mail ball just skip past it
but I know a lot of you guys want to see
what we got
I know we do so here we go let's get it
started what do you think is in there
Australia is it they think of everything
it's above your pool nice you want to
open one day oh yeah just like you guys
just made this Christmas morning for all
these kids
bacon popcorn these are from right here
ah you see
Mathias Mathias thanks for cutting our
thanks for the bacon popcorn do
all right so star fingerboarding sent us
a bunch of I guess they're custom tech
decks which is awesome
they look they look really cool so I'm
sure we're gonna have fun with this
thanks guys Oh
Hunter these are swedish fish 100% I
know my I know my swedish fish I know my
sweetest fish from Hunter hunter from
Louisiana right on thanks dude
Bush Hey donna's her fun Transformers
and Wolverine dude tie hooked Cain up
with a with a bear hammock for stuffed
animals
it looks like Zeus up with some chew
toys and awesome thanks ty it's from
Doran out of Canada and he sent you he's
from Serbia and he sent you
chocolate-covered coconut candies one
for each of whoa he loves your channel
quite the inspiration to him really cool
that's awesome
what's in it what is Justin from
Australia send rubberband middle
bracelet
boys toys and more tours jumpin this
this is this is a work of art there's
something else in there so hard drive oh
it's cool though YouTube just need to
cane oh my it's a I phone for someone
got well we sac Weston and Greenlee
Colorado I want to open it it's probably
uh maybe some Ohio jumping beans inside
comes ready ready better than an iPhone
thanks Zack Zack hooked it up
she loved her fish tank her dad has one
just like it
uh well she made an awesome envelope Wow
she would like Kane to say booyah sign
for each amid signs for everybody's room
is really in the Atwood house haha
that's cool that's creative yeah oh I
love it okay this guy oh this guy
Patrick got tired of waiting on us to
release smile more phone cases that he
actually made him himself and they
actually look really cool Patrick
Patrick from Australia we got a lot of
Australia fans that's Australia yep he
made his own smile more cases he's got
tired of waiting on us so I'm gonna try
it out right now oh it was this from
okay this is from Charlie he's the owner
of this clothing company and baesell
yeah and he has this positive message
for his clothing his dreams never sink
he like he loves like your smile
Elmore awesome well shirts look great I
would actually wear every single one of
those thanks dear what's his name
Russell
charlie and Charlie is the owner thanks
charlie
thanks for hooking it up these are all
these were really nice these put in did
you just open balloons
yeah who's it from dude and some people
just didn't put names on I'm sorry I
just don't see names on all these no
there's nothing who's this from I'm not
sure yet hey that's all a bunch of
goodies in there more swedish fish it's
a report must be from them that must be
you senator why you guys have no idea
how happy to read these kids this looks
like a company I'm not sure what it is
coconut organics after learning that
Roman you're a coconut ban just wanna
see some organic coconut goodies I'm a
huge fan of your prints watch every vlog
being a new parent with a one year one
year old it's fun to see me see you and
your family having fun together so
Cheers company it's his company coconut
organics
oh yeah these are parents hexif oh my
gosh is coconut bacon doesn't like it it
is coconut bacon exact mix full of
coconut stuffing Congrats on your new
baby that's fun these are the balloons
you guys sent I want your pranks vlogs
every time a new one comes out make them
smile every day
hope you can enjoy the sign I
handcrafted for you play soccer like
Noah tell them to stick to it he will
learn some awesome life lessons while
playing that's cool thanks Sarah you can
put that in your room dude that's cool
so what's the odds that one person sent
a random pump and somebody randomly sent
balloons that's pretty easy
oh no way is this from
it's a whole SMAW more cut out of wood
his name's Wyatt and I'm 13 I'm a huge
man I have been watching their videos
for about a year and two months oh you
see if he really made this by himself
I'm truly impressed because it matches
right here man look at that good sorry
deal that might just be its spot right
there what was his name
Wyatt do good job man if you really made
that 13 I'm impressed
Oh what is this who's this from thanks
fill up for the fart bombs dude so
Justin Burch Berk
Justin Burke sent us two giant bags of
ping pong balls I have no idea why but
they look fun I think we should dump him
off the balcony evil backward yeah but
if you take a selfie it'll say love
all right so this is evil threads and
they sent us some t-shirts so oh I like
that tank tops pretty huh evil thread if
you want some of those shirts they
actually sent a soldier discount code of
smile more there you go
what is it
whoa it is bracelet hey let me show ya I
think my dad will appreciate this one
look at this bracelet no way that's
pretty cool
did they do that on a plastic printer I
don't know I don't know is there
anything that came with that Noah it was
made with a 3d printer that's awesome it
made with code team made with code no
but there's no name or anything on it
unfortunately I'd like to know who sent
it
now there'll be a hundred comments
saying I'm the one that sent you the
blue bracelet yeah all right so this
one's from Alex mark colo so I hope I
said McCullough so it's a big box broken
glass stickers we should do this to your
mom she would literally fall for it in
her new car I'll say one of the kids
through I'm gonna use this on Brittany's
mom oh that's funny you should take that
to school dude ketchup ramen silly
string no rock on a windshield and
ketchup packets cane the soccer ball and
Zeus the tennis ball all right
the mole house this one's coming in from
Angelo Angelo what did
suit no absolute excuse me oh that's
cool man yeah that's creative I mean
that what pranks uh you've already
started the war you know you're awesome
you're a great job on your soccer season
you did a great job defending Rokon dude
called score somehow see this one this
guy Justin made a smile more sign but on
the back he actually has a rare picture
I mean that a lot of you guys haven't
seen so that's a good photo actually me
who's it from
okay he's Robert he can stretch oh it's
cool what is that how does that feel any
really good hears it from look locker
Luke locker Luke he also drew a portrait
of our family
this one's from Simon what in a wild
Christmas wrapping it double wrapped
this is more than you know it's from
definitely out of the country so Simon
set tons of candies from his country
which I don't know where this is from
I'm guessing Singapore no you know
that's my mom
okay so we're guessing Norway because
the the candy bags actually have Norway
printed on them so thanks Simon
those are chocolate the best things in
the world really well no is diggin it
Norway chocolate oh we have infinite
tech decks now those are I've never even
seen those weird a car and a birthday
card I mean when was my birthday
hey okay okay who's this from here okay
no scars like they gotta be they look
like cigars yeah premium cigars so I
don't smoke someone trying to dictate
this tobacco yeah I slew that I mean I
don't know anything about cigars at all
but they look really nice let someone
you just look at E
Eddie Ortega wait that's the name on the
box oh my god Ortega company I got the
feeling them are pretty good cigars my
prawns alright here's what I'm gonna do
with these well they're all different
sizes here's what I'm gonna do these I'm
gonna take them out for my movie and
I'll put them on our sets and I'm gonna
let when we have celebrities in for the
movie I'm gonna offer them a cigar it's
pretty awesome
great idea awesome thanks Shelby how
absolutely love your painting it's
beautiful
we're gonna have smile more stuff
through the whole house this is another
one from Norway stamps are cool I like
their chocolate no Conrad you like Jack
chocolate we like that too a lot more
candy to try from around the world
seniors old from Norway awesome fan I
can't wait to read all these letters can
take forever to read all these letters
all dibble another one for Virginia I
turn into Tom made when I started
getting into them southern state I love
your vlogs and I'm 11 years old and I
made your painting it is do you have
these paintings all over just well hang
them all okay you actually do we should
do the whole upstairs just in fan
painting one of these eyes maybe a
favorite yeah that kid made you famous
one entertaining you'll be like I got
one he's original yeah where's one I
just found it a fashion label called
keenest all right King this he sent
stickers in his shirts oh that's cute
brochures thanks 103 he's 19 he's an
entrepreneur awesome that's actually
really nice sure thanks dude
good luck with your ventures I'll put
I'll put one of your stickers on my
laptop
you guys always see alright this is
Jake Jake Bauer I'm a sack skateboard
DVD all right okay more TechNet oh cool
damn herbal deck it's a marble bench for
the tech deck oh that's cool
sitting this package from Las Vegas you
guys in close to a load well let's just
do their dump it right here hello drinks
Oh cane come here for his cane real case
USB charger gumballs
jawbreakers goldfish okay now it's yours
forty's dong
oh you're gonna balloon up so much say
booyah oh yeah say it again oh yeah one
more time oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah oh it's a blanket flag man
something I just got a tweet that said I
hope you like this my more blanket is
that haha you just got a tweet they said
that the latest post to rub them now we
should hang that downstairs in the smile
more store yeah okay King come here as I
smile more because I'm a Roman soldier
oh this camera on daddy and I'll blow
the balloon like it'll kill a monster a
letter but I guess you just got tweeted
oh that's cool that's cute honey
that's a good message I need you I saw
it
let me see the pink one asking you to I
stood this power man jewel Sampson 16
years old
oh that's awesome magnet so you can put
anywhere yes you are the smile in the
middle bringing brightness to the world
oh that's cute
we comes from curtis strong bill ohio
oh cool dude small suburbs
I love the helmet so defeat some to
smile more graffiti graffiti this is
from Derrick in New York you know I
don't lose Oh Austin Matthew
it's called courageous and it's from the
creators of fireproof for bad drawing
from Joseph black England a bunch
mm-hmm it's from the UK came all the way
from over the ocean this one it was bum
he's no is a cane Oh cell phone case hey
love really see it huh
oh this is it's SPS glad you love the
bubble wrap ready son who is that that's
you wait what's another Zeus toilet this
oh that's awesome this is gonna have a
whole bucket
this is from look somebody sent us a 15%
out that coupon yeah yeah yeah buddy
oh my gosh label okay
he lives in Japan Japan s military base
have a mochi area since the beginning
keep it short and simple so show your
appreciation that service box delicious
Japanese what I think this is
freeze-dried it's candy can we open one
yeah thanks ray
flied out good though real good I'll try
yep right yeah they're really good yeah
I give that when I add domino day I wish
all right these are from Claudia Claudia
please show in your next video although
I guess they're stickers but they're
cool all their badges that light up
check them out oh they're bright is Fric
check them out this is for know your
weight around your neck Iceland color
the entire islands one that says open
very carefully
I know okay yeah here's chocolate from
Iceland now they don't work chocolate
playing nicely right I think I'm just
gonna start acting category yeah
they changed what Rises yeah that's from
her Iceland and it's like this jello
shots like a jello shot but I think it's
as candy for kids I know so it's a
trainer you trip in your days if not we
like eat your jellyfish oh yeah it's
like salty well but not sweet mushy like
yellow but with no flavor hmm we're okay
another one from Las Vegas buzz Andrew
comes out check it out his name's Andrew
is a music producer from Las Vegas
maybe there's music I can use for my
videos in here so check it out boy he's
crazy
I'm a soldier on a sword what do we do
smile more now that's all I love it
these are right a bunch of Puerto Rican
chocolates how many different parts that
are there wow that's cool here we go we
got chocolate from around the world
literally
hell's out where do you fly to tomorrow
Spokane Washington oh he's going to
Washington tomorrow uh-huh
he's out of here he's got to go thanks
run over thanks for helping kids are
wired on chocolate mocha love try the
jellybeans all right yeah I didn't see
any Dave and his daughter Megan sends us
another dog toy I'm just gonna have to
make a basket for all the fans dog toys
the rod sends us five cent $0.10 20 cent
five 50 cent $1 and $2 Australian coins
thanks rod
thanks rod that's what those are really
cool I'm headed Australia babe me and he
drew a portrait of Britney and I which I
look stunning by the way
all right so for Derek Russell your
package was just found in that room and
he wants to know if Molly Smith will go
to prom with him this year Somali you
got some answering to do girl I hope you
get her view
I'll get it love me that's it like it's
nice this isn't a cheesy ask out this is
this what's the last all right I think
this is a good place to stop for now we
we got big stuff and some of the little
stuff what's left is a lot a lot of
letters that we will get to but it's not
gonna happen tonight
I got to get the kids to bed my parents
are gonna leave and they fly out um
tomorrow morning really no so I come
home my whole family leaves that's
that's how we roll our lifes are so busy
got Gilroy here I think we're gonna play
some battlefield hopefully battlefield
it's not a board game brah hey you like
cigars
yes he's gonna mean baby brother loves
parties huh thank you guys from the
bottom of my heart you you made
everyone's night the kids were wired on
toys and chocolate and and you name it
so we definitely appreciate ya it wasn't
your fans it was a lot of fun we loved
your blog's too
it's time for bed you want a hug yo so
happy then love you little buddy did you
get a lot of cool stuff tonight hey can
you say oh yeah yeah can you say yeah
there's literally stuff everywhere in
the entire house now of what just
happened guys if I missed your name or I
missed your package I'm really sorry it
was really hectic it was there were so
many people here and I feel like it
wasn't the way I wanted to do this but
it was fun for the family and everyone
he had a blast so that being said um
everyone had fun so I'm sorry if I did
miss your name all right now it's some
some Roman in Gilroy time what kind of
drink you want brah do you need to ask I
have I really don't have much I've
Corona
I have whipped I have Jack Daniels
I have some stuff that Brittany's mom
brought over I like what this stuff is
I'm gonna have this cheers Cheers
- um not given any - whatever what our
viewers gonna complain about now I don't
know what are you guys gonna talk about
now here's here's what I say cheers to
no F's given what other people think
doing I think we should we need to start
we need start fake stuff so that our
commerce I can Majan I think last week I
don't think my videos would add any
comments if it wasn't for BB yes I want
to thank the guy that really sent me a
real Australian like when I opened that
we thought it was real as I holy crap
they're so colorful and big but turns
out he does write notes I fell hard I
felt hard for it I should do our grocery
list on these I've been going through
the grocery store they'll be like money
does she yeah where's that for all all
right we pretty much did nothing but
play battlefield I don't think any of us
got a kill all night it's like it was
like zero in a hundred I only got I went
to in 12,000 you can't take all my scars
bro oh you can't take all my cigars I
had a swear on my life dude
you should take them and the Lord just
saw the comments are like f JC took your
cigars
we got your friend I'm not making I'm
not making father trolls under speeding
them yeah cuz they hungry what's the
difference like when there are different
legs
they're just sizes the master pimp right
I could graduate to the master pan black
D this is where you start I don't know I
don't know all right guys I'm actually
gonna end my vlog right now I'll see you
tomorrow thanks for hanging out and the
mail was amazing thank you everybody
this anything if you want to send some
of course the peel boxes in the
description but I can't guarantee when
I'm gonna get it I do have to go to LA
on Sunday for a long time but I love you
guys thank you I'll see you tomorrow
we're gonna do something fun right yeah
yeah let's blow stuff even though we
hate each other we're gonna blow I guess
I'll hang out with you
all right guys love you keep a smile on
your face smile more
red solar flare
