good morning guys welcome in case you
missed yesterday Britney Cain and I flew
home to surprise Noah here in Ohio
oh my gosh that's just what we needed to
find I know I've read today's Veronica's
birthday I sent her a picture of the
boys so yeah we are in Ohio for about a
week we're gonna hang out for a while my
movie got pushed back three weeks so it
gave me time to run home hang out with
Noah and the family and I think we have
a little bit of jet lag what do you
think of that dude what is this look
delicious I don't think this would hurt
it what one lick would be like a car
wash house house breakfast boys amazing
yeah there's just the weight on his
breakfast it's Cain out with vlogs right
now you get a little too close Cain this
up I'm not gonna lie after we made
breakfast I went and passed out for a
good hour and now that I'm away
Britney's grabbing a Maps
we're just recharged man feeling better
or not I feel a lot better it feels so
good to be home mm-hmm we're just
building old toys that we haven't played
with forever Cannes Cannes ready to
reconstruct the house yeah guys I can't
say how nice it is to be home we're just
literally hanging out and relax and just
doing nothing feels great weak you're
weak
give me five zoos yeah
give me five I know you guys have been
used to the Sun and the beautiful blue
skies and my vlogs for the last couple
months but my first day back in Ohio
it's raining that's right
everything's wet it's gray all day it's
just been dark gloomy gray oh yeah I
know yeah let me show these guys
yesterday one of the kids locked Zeus
and Cain's bedroom and Zeus completely
destroyed the wall
not good I think they should make adult
beds cooler like why do we just sleep on
squares I'm just so hungry body
I'm hungry we make me something you will
all I'm excited I can't wait to see what
you're gonna make me that all mine
yeah oh no it's all dirty on the floor
oh ha ha not no mo I'm completely full
he made me tons of food are you hungry
yeah I can no was hungry dude eat some
hot dinner oh he's making a specialty
hot watermelon soup
all right cooking that spaghetti family
favorite you guys know this is one of
our favorite meals in this house and
everybody eats it you throw your gum
away okay all right guys now what's the
spaghetti are you full it's like pouring
out of your ears can you guys something
any coming out of your ears you see it
come here try to eat the spaghetti out
of your ear Kane's hurricane hurricane
was here all right guys we need to have
a talk
what am I gonna do about this
this is fan mail
all of this stacks and stacks and stacks
and stacks of pin mail we have two
choices one and and this is this is
mind-blowing to me literally you guys
won my heart man I flew home and there
was buckets a freakin mail buckets a
mail and I just posted a picture on
Instagram I put it all up on the table I
can't even get it all in the picture so
I got two options one we can open a
couple packages and letters each vlog or
we can do like a two-hour mail vlog one
super long super long mail vlog where me
and my entire family opens and reads
everything so those are our options
I I I'm blown away but mine is truly
blonde
I know the kids are dying to open it
every hour can we open mail we'll get
there we'll get there I'm so excited to
open all this it's amazing but I want to
do it so that those that Senate get to
see it in the vlog and it's just gonna
take so long so let me know what you
want me to do mommy would kill me if she
saw that straight-up okay last time last
time before we get busted is it that
nighttime yeah I love you hey give no a
hug
you got some good books what are you
reading tonight a Trane book dr. Seuss
no daddy book is that your favorite
today I had to be the most random
pointless relaxing vlog I've ever made
and it's been just nice though being
home and not worrying about much you
know I love you I can't move a
three-night time tomorrow we have a lot
going on we have we just happen to be
here for tomorrow's a family reunion on
Brittany's side of family and then at
5:00 we're having like a little barbecue
here with everybody so it should be nice
break your camera hmm all right guys you
got to forgive me for such a mellow vlog
today you know it's been so good to be
back in Ohio back to our home and just
really just recharging and getting ready
for next week next week is gonna be huge
and I really appreciate you guys backing
me up on this I was gonna actually ask
you guys for a day off this week I don't
expect that so instead you may just have
just some real just raw family vlogs
where it's just us hanging out but uh
but now it's mommy and daddy time got
some candles
fabien Hannah tab we should do like
maybe we should do a bathtub bathtub
blogs all the time I think we should do
once a week like asketh like truth or
dare or like in the tub yeah yeah no
like once a week we do like question I
answer in the tub they don't know that
we have some trends done right now yeah
stick
why doesn't it come up get you once now
something like this your new boobs
you funny for me just painted some
nipples oh my god well that would be a
thumbnail YouTube right there ah alright
we're getting sidetracked here's some
take a real bath together I'm gonna cut
it off already ha to get out yeah me Tim
board alright guys this is when we smile
do my mom and dad's we are ready to
surprise Noah yeah let's go get him
let's go
