you caught it what is it oh my god
somebody dropped it off no we didn't get
a new puppy you why people drop it's
gotta be somebody's around here he's
like heck no you ain't bringing another
dog home what you found him just out
front what he's super friendly I can't
believe that's a thing I don't know if
this is the case but people dropped off
like they'd get mad when they go out in
the country they just leave them and
then somebody finds them it has to take
care of them I mean I'm gonna I mean ask
around and see if any is it someone's
gone hopefully it just got lost and it
lives somewhere around here beagles put
their nose down and they just fight and
then they get lost the new smile more
mascots here this is part of the smile
Moore store now be landed you landed in
a strange spot my friend very strange
spot you like him game ever since you
brought him in here this lights
flickering good dogs haunted the dogs
ghosts what you think his name is no
idea oh he's cute huh welcome to the
vlog guys I didn't expect it to start
that way but he's like get your camera
come outside now all right here we go oh
jeez this dogs right at home please okay
so the goal now is to find out who owns
this dog hopefully somebody owns it yeah
locally this okay he's got the manners
down look at that everything stinking it
up that's a good old party go he's gone
he's like right at home Hey what are you
doing oh my gosh I I'm not gonna live
right you need any game plan here like
he's make himself really really a home
here he's like he's poor he's just part
of the family here it is
he's not married he looks so happy he's
like look at this tail Waggin he's ready
to roll oh you remember that's 2015 is
Britney Kane and I you I never change
ever you've always looked the same
fetched it
they sketched like it's carved it into a
mirror Oh Lucy okay
go around and see if it's anyone's dog
okay he's not ours flash he's like you
better let me in this house now in my
house my territory okay Britney's done
hurt you've done it you found the dog
now she's trying to find the home she
left some notes on some people's houses
she's put a post out there so hopefully
we get a return caller somebody owns
this dog it's way too late does stink
but it's clean and besides the dog issue
that we have living at the house right
now we are going over to if you remember
the kid's birthday we had the Argo the
off-road vehicle that went in the water
where we're going to visit the guy that
brought that place might be looking at a
new toy this was the thing from the
birthday I still think it's one of the
coolest toys out there this thing is so
ridiculous it floats on water it drives
to everything I don't know what it would
take to actually get it stuck so it's a
great fun toy but I don't know if it
does it for me I like speed power ramps
I like suspension you want to what roll
it that's why it's got roll bars baby
because it's not the coolest thing you
reach the pedals now it moves up
it moves definitely move all the way up
now hop in here with me let's just see
let's get let's get it wit for that new
car smell
these are so nasty dude oh my gosh 100
172 horsepower breath imagine 172 horses
in front of us :
well right here you can get a hundred
seventy-two how many feet you think I
can get this thing up in the air we fly
with me in case you're new to the
channel we went to Travis's house and he
rammed us 120 feet in one of these
things and oh man it was crazy this
where you shoot the rockets push it push
it I dare you oh she purrs like a kitten
Bobby you got you need to get out now
they're gonna kick us out you come out
of here no it's like driving a sports
car in the dirt it's like it's the best
that's why I won't tear my another it's
beautiful amp what's up baby okay
alright I hear you I'm not talking to
Empire was not what's up hand here um so
we're back home and the dog is still
here and we've had no luck no returns no
miss someone's trying to rid of that dog
who owns that dog what she said would
you say who owns the dog
I think slobber I think slobber man owns
it slobber man owns the dog come on
Rollie pollie
oh yeah it's so hard mom come on girl
come on girls
oh you did it all by herself
good job it's a huge okay it's a huge
surprise to you from Austin Veronica
this is something we've been working on
for few hours greatest things coming up
very little prep we got you do you guys
want to tell him what we got him it is
atma story I mean it sounds like my
marriage is at stake with this know like
she's only gonna bring you closer hip
dope divorce run and that just
immediately goes oh my gosh what is it
we got your serious Roy we should show
him younger show yeah come on
why are you actually nervous started off
with diet divorced Veronica no Britney
said that oh I know it has nothing to do
with anything like that I love my wife
never divorced even that notion of
divorce is like oh wow this is gonna
show you how much we love you chase like
this is we care about you because it's a
surprise you surprise people when you
know together as a family
I'm about to be like wow oh you ready
are you ready all I want to do I want
you to open this door you're gonna look
down all right ready okay
oh we got you a puppy mama
we got you a puppy like I said you guys
wanted a dog wait oh she said you wanted
a dog today look she said you wanted a
beagle once a day now sell it to Liza
sell it to fall in love with it Liza
it's gonna it's gonna get you love gonna
get you
Elsa's his favorite movie doesn't sound
like you want the dog no not up in the
air not not even I wanna think about it
I mean we've got you've got two dogs so
many dog yeah but I got I got a donkey
got a giant dog different that's a
different species it doesn't count
here's where we're at we got word that
there may or may not have been a car
that dropped this dog off today oh
really
yeah who does that it's the word like
literally the most selfish thing I can't
even think of any reason to do that look
at that dog look at him nothing but good
are you you were like we need hoping I'd
be like oh I've always wanted to be gold
I thought you just really thanks for the
surprise going home and then we ever
late he lives happily ever after oh yeah
the first time I was not in the second
time I was like divorce divorce y'all
got the dog guys and it's it's it's now
in the evening it's late this the lights
are out nobody's coming for this dog I
do not know what to do I have no idea
what to do dude they're all there
already best friends look at this look
at this I mean look at that
so I'm gonna leave it at this if you
know somebody that had a beagle and then
it disappeared you may know who dropped
off so let's try to find the home for
this dog man I don't know what to do so
for now he's going to be the smile or
mascot until hopefully a home turns up
hopefully tomorrow maybe when this video
goes up somebody knows who the owner is
well the house is filling up with kiddos
it's Friday night ready to play you know
I'm really hoping that I'm completely
wrong about this dog theory in that the
dogs just lost and the owner is going to
find a sock I could be totally wrong
just because our security guards said
that he saw a white sedan hostly dropped
the dog that's the part that I worry
about that's the part I worried about
positive thinking though the dogs just
lost and they're gonna call us and
there's gonna be a home but if you know
somebody that had a Vigo let's say
yesterday and they don't today it's a
good chance we have the dog simple yeah
you the dog will be at chases house been
in here for him but then what well you
probably know well I don't know II might
have diseases you might be covered in
ticks the size of sewer rats you want
rats climbing on guys hope you enjoyed
today's vlog I'm gonna end it right
there I'm gonna play some battlegrounds
tonight and just hang out got no one
here with me so we're about to do some
duels and have some fun I love you guys
so much thanks for being part of our day
hopefully everything goes perfect with
this dog and I'll keep you guys updated
tomorrow on that that's it I love you
guys so much you beautiful one-of-a-kind
smile
you
