come on Kim he's not with it he doesn't
want to rock you off to Savannah
Alan don't smile don't smile
what's up guys were headed to UM it's
really late in the day I worked on the
new prank which should be up right now
by the time you're seeing this all day
so just now put picking up my vlog
camera and we're starting our day so
let's do this
so I know you guys are gonna think I'm
joking when I say this but the house is
on I wanted to bring you down this
street actually the house is on the
street 500 zillion dollars these houses
why are you smiling
this is great look at that five hundred
zillion dollars it they're one of the
most expensive guard yeah let me look
thank God look how big that yard is that
right there five hundred million dollars
I'm not kidding you guys are gonna think
I'm kidding on that so as you guys might
remember this Thursday is our awards
show to find out if the roman atwood
channel gets awarded prank of the year
so yeah the actual award show is sunday
but this thursday what what this
thursday we have to go to the sea like a
rehearsal so basically brittany is
looking for a dress to wear and i don't
know what the heck I'm gonna wear
Brittany was like look they have a lego
store and I almost lost it like this is
my favorite place
we got to get something that I've wanted
this for months and months and this
place has it oh man I want to do now you
have everything the big one no horse
stable yeah so fat I'm gonna make a
decision I don't know what do you think
it's expensive so expensive and I'd have
to ship it back to Ohio even once I
built it so it's like no I want to build
it now I don't know any adults at like
Legos as much I actually love legacy I
want to build Legos Barbies see this on
here oh my god
you're scared
okay honey this mall is massive what is
it called
Glendale mall I guess I don't know it
seems bigger than the other one I've
been to this one I'd let you wear that
Britney's been trying to park paper
parking for like ten minutes
Oh what she's doing I think she thinks
the sodas gonna come out herself she's
like China
got its infirmity what did you do
alright so we saw since we were near
this mall we saw that there's an Outback
Steakhouse which we haven't been to
since we lived in Ohio three minutes
away yeah actually we haven't been there
since we won our court case for the ATM
prank so it's been a while where have
you been
it's a pretty cool area though
I really wanted to come into the
Halloween store but that looks like
they're open yet we're getting close to
Halloween trick-or-treat smell my feet
yeah yeah
Payne has no fear it's like we just been
stranded in the ocean for a week and we
just washed up on shore we're so excited
to eat so bad all right we made it
inside what do you call our Nemo blue
blue Nemo Wow where has this been it's
been missing yeah it's been missing from
our lives guys you know what I mean you
know I mean none of me smell good big
old stuff
was it shower yeah is just a pickle so
Daddy you can have your other pickle
then yeah it just bit into a pickle and
he's been like suffering why don't you
just get rid of it just swallow it who's
below pickles and milk look at its faith
man I must have been a sour pickle
yes all right guys I don't want to be
hungry turn your head for the next 10
seconds cause it's about to get good
I had some tortilla soup hot wings
bloomin onions steak salad grilled
cheese about to see some happy little
campers he's so awesome you're awesome
all right as always leaving friggin full
and happy I know a lot of you guys say
in the comments that we don't eat out
enough we don't eat enough um junk food
so I wanted to come here tonight and eat
at a restaurant just for you guys the
city thing is a monster
you see all the buildings not New York
but it's freaking big I've never been in
New York still
it's awesome with the moon up there look
at that man see the moon you don't see
the moon you don't see its oh nice so
right
alright we back home we back home hey
come here Caine okay put this on all
right what do you guys think Caine's
wearing three two one
did you tell me a fib no you did it you
got a long nose boy you got a long nose
see you daddy
oh did you put this on you're just like
another person what's the point in this
I don't know I saw that the party Stern
I was like that is so funny maybe like
so funny of that
oh my Neelix if you look put it here I
can just see the memes so I'm really
proud of Canaanite guys he pulled his
first prank ever he's only 2 years old
and you saw it in the dressing room it
was really stupid and simple and you
guys probably didn't care at all but to
me was really freaking cool to see him
do it
see this one here
you scared her alright guys it's getting
so late already
um forgive me whenever I have to do a
prank in a vlog the same day it's very
difficult for me to do both so whatever
I give you on today I hope it's enough
for you guys I do want to show you one
reaction that didn't make the video that
might be funny to you guys these guys
were awesome I'm looking for the oh yeah
oh yeah what I doing alright guys like I
said I gotta cut it off I gotta get both
these videos ready for tomorrow well
they're up now your why your they're
both up now but to me it's really
complicated please please every single
one of you take one minute and go like
the new prank I love you guys I will see
you tomorrow it's gonna be a good day
thanks for watching smile more but move
to Hollywood area for more people
there's actually people on the streets
this is a replica of the world's tallest
man shining next to it yeah it's your
show lost anyway
