what's crapping in everyone good morning
it's beautiful and sunny and we're on
day two of struggling pranksters I got
my my buddies helping me out so guys
trunk did you fit so good back here
I think it was made for you dude Sam's
with me we're gonna try to make you guys
some funnies to this here we go all
right word it works I want to kill the
radio but I couldn't you'd wake up
Anthony uh-oh
let's go say it didn't work but why you
got poop in your pants
no I dreamed about you turn into your
endo are you dreaming about
mmm-hmm should I make a pit stop at
Sam's apartment
this is chin Stan in case you don't know
but I'm pretty sure you've seen him
before
shit hungry for this what is it with
other into this oh my gosh the magnify
days is full of Daffy try to just cook
stuff in toilet I tried it on the roof
it sets the floor is slab floor why do
you have that I thought I could do a
funny picture with it put it in fro your
head not what's best watch but your
little hands
oh my god to take this massive
magnifying glass on the roof and try to
catch the dog on fire thank you guys you
need to do that now we're going to catch
old skateboard a football stuff so yeah
that's pretty sweet spot man
oh you're cooking it she's cooking
this is like glow-in-the-dark skateboard
so oh my gosh sorry even look at the
whale
children's got such a hard life so be
already some worn out with a flat
parquet he's so hot
all right time to get some food time to
do a food blog for you guys oh no no no
you closed way
every taco so Jack and Jill's was closed
we walked up what's this place called
the behind all the parvis about on like
pond5 so it's not important
yeah I'm never eaten here so let's see
what they got okay so this is a Belgian
restaurant and uh I've never had
anything like this but they give you a
bunch of these dips watch oh that's
white chocolate my favorite chocolate is
white right that's white chocolate yeah
oh my I'm we're gonna get so much bright
like fresh baked bread is this chocolate
that's like you tell them and this is
just like jellies and I give you a big
basket of fruit fruit bread and this is
the moment either invade ain't good and
you just you just put chocolate and
stuff all over it
no butter no get off the table you wanna
oh my gosh dude see I feel like if I eat
this I'm not and I want food like I'm
just gonna want snacks what do you guys
think does you like it yeah the white
chocolate the white chocolate is amazing
it's all good it's all good I had the
jelly the only thing I'm at is the
regular chocolate you've got like a
maximum calorie killer and the food is
here I got the Scrambler with ham and
cheese got the waffle I think that was
smart dude to get the Belgian waffle
that makes sense iam Belgian restaurant
would you get salmon and yeah salmon
avocado
his killer got any more breath uh we
just I likes very much bread what's up
guys we've just skipped probably two
hours at least two hours I went back
home cuz we ended up coming up with a
really good bit for you and it requires
nighttime shooting so I slept hardcore
did you sleep yeah I went down and you
guys got stuck outside your apartment
wide awake you got the keys Sam's car so
we went all the way to our house and we
forgot the keys oh damn so yeah we uh we
warped a little bit of time today but
we're going out to make a nighttime
prank now which I think's really
creative it's gonna be crazy
we'll see
this fucking guy just cracked his neck
out of nowhere man the dude was asking
us about the bus man he got his neck
snapped we thought the guy was dead he
started getting his chains robbed
I mean I was about to make a police car
man and next thing you know the same
dude that got his nips neck came up
fucking behind me saying he's okay miss
go yo you were a real hero though hey
man you know hero this man they came all
the way to Inglewood doing this maybe
some crazy guys man be some crazy pranks
this man okay well once again we're
filming and the police show up they're a
little late though whoo here's what I
feel like right now I feel like it's
like if the purge night was about pranks
this would be purge night look at this
there's not a human being and then we
said times the same farting it good oh
it's people oh shit he's ours take him
by force by five cuffing oh gosh stinky
bastard did it myself about yourself my
kid is like zombie but over here man
it's just killing it
bring this shit is that hot sauce today
that that Belgium Belgium place it's
time for some food toughest I pandered
you know it's Panda Express we're here I
just got the Panda Express about to kill
it this is one of my favorite places to
eat and the wild and it's so hot
delicious isn't it
just gonna keep farting the rest of the
night me get him some more hot sauce for
the car I got there yeah so for this
prank I'm doing tonight I'm wearing a
hoodie so I was like yo or straighten up
my hair for the vloggers you guys don't
see me like this but there's no mirror
back to so this is me
oh yeah yesterday I showed you guys the
houses that cost 200 bill I want to show
you these ones can't really see how dark
500 know there are trillion dollars I
threw these are these ones are trillion
yeah yeah these ones what this one here
right here is a truly oh that one is 10
trillion dollars and I said it's crazy
guys that everyone thinks I'm kidding
like it's a joke I'm being serious
thirty and we have moved to Hollywood
area for more people there's actually
people on the streets this is a replica
of the world's tallest man shining next
live
yeah it's your show laughs anyway
imagine seeing I realize wow I know
imagine if there were just humans like
that everywhere
suicide doors on the Royce man were you
from this hell Brazil I'll be in the
vlog yeah you're gonna be in the vlog
yeah nice this goes all the way from
Brazil what I'm doing we're just
visiting yeah just visiting all right
right on oh fuck she just breakfast
pregnant strangers yawn
the city of La where it's just another
day we are wrapping really soon on this
prank dude we've been working it keep
getting recognized freaking almost
getting killed it'll be worth it though
it'll be worth it ah we saw a guy
sleeping pumping on the streets three
Nuggets is if it's not bad enough the
whole back of his pants is gone so if
you can imagine that's what we saw no
wonder we're just a big hole in his
pants you know I got to get mad credits
you guys thank you so much for filming
for me and uh you guys killed I watched
I watched footage playing back checking
it out it was great
so uh give these guys some love for that
and uh and uh and I'm alright guys I'm
back home I'm calling it a night
obviously it's so late it's 1:00 in the
morning you know I want to thank all you
guys for coming along on these vlogs and
just being so supportive and loyal you
can see it in the light bar on these
videos it's just amazing there's a new
trend that's like amazing for like the
last week no matter where I go on the
streets anywhere people are yelling
smile more like they see me they just
yell it and I love it yeah so I will get
on the new prank start editing that for
you hopefully it's done we may have to
go out one more night and get some more
reactions but uh it's good it's great
I'm super excited about it and its new
and original you've never seen anything
like it so I'm pumped it's edgy it's not
cute and silly it's edgy I'm delirious
guys I'm always tired in these the ends
of these vlogs every time I'm just hard
I love you
keep smiling smile more I love you
I don't know anything
