see a beautiful beautiful sellout and I
don't know which way to go today to get
to where we're going this guy's bumper
sticker says take fountain all right
we're taking fountain taking it it's got
to be like a sign right take fountain
found fountain Aves the next block up
it's so weird it seems as good a road as
any I think you should just roll with it
yeah let's just let's just see what
happens if I get an accident might be
pissed at this guy's bumper sticker
welcome to Hollywood
and today we're hanging off the office
and looks like Joyce's rooms been turned
into our snack room look at all this
stuff like what they want us to gain so
much weight for holy crap it's like
irresistible snacks this is the camera
rig for today yeah because we're just
shooting these guys from out here but
our mark is gonna be in a different room
so we don't have to hide this yeah so
we're doing this surveillance so they
can get that surveillance look but then
we're gonna yeah okay I have a better
camera because this thinks they're
horrible camera surveillance but this
one has a great lens and all a good look
so when we have when we put it on the
movie it's gonna have a better look this
little blinking light keeps the entire
universe our universe here together if
all the lights don't blink in sync we're
screwed this is timecode it's a single
that the editors use to match up all the
cameras that we have without timecode or
lost right well actually we're fine but
it's somebody else's job becomes a huge
pain in the ass
hmm so at the office today and oh dude
did you make a mess huh Oh separate
Ellie's car awesome on that's fine then
I go ahead and finish up finish up
probably needs clean anyway oh that's
good thank you
thanks oh thanks say thank you to mr.
Batali for me it's all that liquor from
yesterday I know y'all those photos
right
top to bottom all the way to you got it
we got so much off we got so much down
time today and why do they keep hanging
this picture back up dude I take it down
every time I come here it's the most
horrifically and they didn't even crop
my hair out it's just like a I don't
know it's just embarrassing photo man
it's he'll stop okay okay found the
barrels yep right there was a good on
what is lunch today
what was that lasagna vegetables on here
Oh bashful oh I don't know I've ever had
that she was running different vegetable
lasagna Jude you can have the first
place mmm thank you thank you so good
this is almost as much as that time I've
got some nachos in the dumpsters like a
big trash bag I hate for like five days
on that and this is pretty close to that
gonna be here at the office all day and
that's it we ran out of monies the
movies canceled and that's jews√≠ going
back on the streets and I'm going back
to Ohio so peace I'll and this that all
that's true if I don't land it I was
just kidding
was all my it was all a lie
we're still making a movie we're still
in production I'm not going back to Ohio
face it and make it make an owl face no
guys the stomach one time no oh that was
oh you want to snap with this smaller
one I think you think he'll Pam Tilly
has more weight though you know what the
way the bullet isn't fatter it gets
smaller so I'm supposed to look beat up
can't look beat up without a little
blood so I got my man from art
department you're gonna bloody me up
what are you thinking just some
sprinkles yeah some fingerprints what we
got some blood on this rag and just kind
of DAB it light you down a little bit on
some blood and put in the hands you can
guide yourself up it like very
professional very very very we're gonna
make you look good all right awesome
rather runny goodness goodness that
units gonna hit me with it I'm just
gonna I like splat you Oh rat tail you
little bit oh he's got tricks dab it on
you know I mean just like maybe do like
a spread depends on what you want if you
want I don't want to look like a zombie
like I need to look like I just got in a
fight okay yeah there you go so that
and cider call her a little bit he's
been killing it all night every every
every ten minutes I need to fix your
blood I need to fix your blood it's a
new vehicle dad he was just telling me
this is his favorite thing
bloody I love a did you know it's
getting in your teeth and shit okay put
some in my mouth we have the card in
your Akash what the card I just swish
that around not a fuck not that easy to
get off I already been like soaking my
face oh my god looks good your teeth oh
oh this would be a good thumbnail for
tomorrow what should we do with this ah
all right haters I'm gonna make a
thumbnail for you all right let's see
what should I do
skateboard accident what should I call a
skateboard accident keyboard Exodus mm
hit in the face something I can just be
called trash now let's get one kind of
candid you know I mean like you're oh
yeah that's views right there that's be
using cliffs I don't think it was better
but it was it was incredible it's just a
whole different type of reaction you
know I cried you fraud I'm glad and so
hard you laugh so hard you cry but it
wasn't as good as yesterday's yeah we
scared the shit out of people you know
that's what
we had a good well I can't ruin it but
Christian is everyone's speech in the
can't I can't they
I mean you can say me but I want to tell
you all about it and I just can't I want
to tell you all about what could have
happened if this was a real scenario and
I can't watch the movie
what a day baby gets so Dennis's notes
on today dude it was awesome it was
great you probably killed it like
literally woman who died today I did guy
almost killed I mean if there was a real
situation Roman would be dead
no maybe no more own outlet no open that
would all new children last week in the
obesity Tom good work buddy
I'm always be killed it goes for broke a
camera today but wait okay thank you
how does it give me like that there's a
camera right there there's a camera up
there there's one over here there's a
camera right here he's just for the
Scotch others a car chase yeah drink it
up tell you what mr. ailment is just
keep on coming on this show thank you
for the background I'm also gonna take
another swing no no good oh shit oh here
the hobros yeah you want a race you want
to race boy that camera out of my face
go
dami beat my ford y'all won't you do us
all a favor and drive that piece of shit
off a cliff yeah we kid we kid we're
just joking
we're just joking guys you know we love
each other fun fact
fun fact are you ready for this one my
first CD I ever bought my first CD I
ever bought was in elementary school you
know what it was Alice Cooper Alice
Cooper the first CD I ever bought
how did it which helps date you because
you guys see these anymore I know well
at that time it was like coolest thing
in the world yeah well I don't know what
grade I was in I had to be in hello
sixth grade sixth grade yes yeah fun
facts that's fun alright guys we've just
warped warped warped into the night it's
uh it's late we got home late it was a
long night of shooting tomorrow's a long
night to eschew all night for the movie
and I just want to thank you guys let's
get really personal real quick thank you
guys for the loyalty I see Roman soldier
comments popping up on a lot of video
it's not just my videos other people's
videos when I see that it's just like
feels great thank you guys for that I
love you we will see you tomorrow and
thanks for following along on these
movie vlogs we're excited to obviously
get back to Ohio
Chase is just like he turns into another
human at night a boy at him let's give
it let's give it up for chase to man he
sets these vlogs every night now so say
oh I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow thanks for all the low
if Cain knows I in this blog without him
he'll kill me smile so today we will be
taking over a liquor store with all this
stop what's up good morning
yeah yeah good
