what up what up what up good morning
guys
walking into a toy store to look for a
prop because tomorrow I'm filming a new
prank this is not a good idea are you in
heaven right now yes did you would be in
heaven it's like every kid's dream dude
look at this imagine if I had these when
I was a kid
that store didn't have I want to tell
you what I'm looking for but if I tell
you you guys will know exactly what I'm
pranking so yeah so we're headed
downtown to look for this thing that I
need yeah
it would be my luck that the same time
that I need to come down here there's a
USC game going on we couldn't even park
Brittany had to drop me off up here and
I have to hike up because you can't get
to it this is cool this guy's pretty rad
he's an astronaut so I found what I
needed but it's inside the Science
Museum here in LA which is also inside
where the USC game is so it's packed
who finally made it inside the Science
Museum and there's a gift shop here that
carries what I'm looking for I'm in
freaking heaven right now they have
everything I need
all right you know what I'm just going
to show you guys that's why you're on
this channel is to get the
behind-the-scenes so look at this every
rubber snake you can think of I've been
tracking these down to LA for a while
I'm buying a lot of these the snake is
coming back damn this place is pretty
sick yes we got that we got the soldiers
everywhere what something's that do you
want to say what you want to say what
you want to say Roman Atwood is shit
I'll wait I can't curse right yeah you
can say shit really okay smart more
right all right now that we're out of
that mess we are headed to the Griffith
Observatory I've been wanting to see
this place since I've came to LA the
first time months and months and months
ago we've just never made it so we're
gonna run up there they're doing some
cool stuff up here today and check out
the view
yeah you good yeah yeah I think it's bad
if people are turning around what the
Griffith Observatory and it is packed of
course can't go it really anywhere in
the city with us traffic even on a
mountain ah letting will be worth if we
can get up here but there are there's
people leaving the line
you can just barely see the city alright
let these guys from England how'd you
like the Griffith Observatory the
parking sucks
Maya's brought up well the hike up here
is pretty ridiculous but the view that
was one hell heck of a hike I can't
believe he made it you carried him much
the way I carried out look at this view
though not that far from Hollywood
this is Griffith Observatory it sits up
on the mountains it's beautiful it's hot
there's grass
junior and ivan just came up on to say
hi it's mom or wow everybody needs a
smile and you got a smile mr. cool is
just a meteorites
there's a space peanut if you like space
this is the place to be man this is cool
can you see some stars these look and
run what do you thinking he's looking at
the lamp pictures
move it down yeah there you go
what do you see you see stars little
dots little white dot I have wanted one
of these since I was a little kid my dad
got me one my dad got me one when I was
a kid I'm getting it don't know what
this is I'll show you in a little bit
it's it's the coolest thing you want to
be an astronaut
all right he's going into space guys
here so this is really cool like
scientists and astronomer Strama ters
Strama did I say that right
astrometry like they take your
temperature in and they look at space
they all brought their own telescopes
and their own equipment so that we can
look through I hope the winds not
ruining all this this is really cool man
Lee this I thought that was a potato gun
is it
- I love this that the fact that they
bring all their own stuff I don't know I
don't think it's every day I think it
was just today and they just set up all
day and night so you can look through
their stuff and see the stars the moon
the Sun yeah the guy showed me the Sun
it's just a red ball but there's tiny
little black dots that you can barely
see he said those are as big as the
earth frickin crazy
wait you know the way I see is he
usually carries me on his back so the
least I can do is carry him
this one's huh okay go like this nice
meeting you guys you too it's my mug all
right we're out of here there's still a
line to get in look at this crazy it's
definitely worth it you ever get a
chance I would definitely check that out
this line goes all the way down the
mountain it is insane need to buy a
helicopter not quick we'd be up there
with a helicopter just land right on the
observatory be nice they must have
really good milk I got a line outside
their door
next stop grocery store I don't know we
need some more flowers in the house and
these are awesome
am I the only guy that likes fresh
flowers in his house
I love fresh flowers and house springs
colors right so far we're off to a good
start
beans lettuce green peppers and chicken
oranges coconut cashew is never Adam but
I'm dying to try them are you flying we
I think the hardest thing to do on this
entire planet it's freaking eat healthy
it's so hard to do and we've been trying
store but today I had hot dogs and I'm
like why did I have hot dogs it's so
gross and I feel like crap now now maybe
it's just me maybe you guys can eat
healthy no problem all jokes aside
she got this fudge sauce
what like we want to eat better this is
fudge sauce probably good on everything
hi baby
it's always risky going up to a dog you
don't know but he's just too cute I had
to say best vlog ever if that dog just
took your head off so the guy at the
store was super nice and he was like hey
Kane do you want some stickers gave him
a whole strip of stickers I just looked
back oh my alright guys I'm back home
and uh you know a lot of you guys know
my one of my best friends in the whole
world is he's in LA my buddy chase
Gilroy you guys know him and uh like
I've been dying to hang out with the guy
and I know he's been busy I've been busy
but like today was our day and now it's
like getting so late I invited him to
dinner just me and him hang out and uh
everything was a go but now it's getting
so late I haven't heard from him so I
don't know if that's gonna happen
tonight
anyways chase if you see this I miss you
come say hi to me I love you buddy
alright guys I got this gyroscope today
a lot of you probably know what this is
and maybe some of you don't so I'm gonna
show you what this thing does Britney
doesn't even know what it is um my dad
got me one of these when I was a kid and
I've always wanted another and today I
found the exact one he got me it looked
just like this well let's check it out
let's open her up
ah she is so this little hole you put a
string through kind of like a top I
guess it's just like a top yeah it works
just like a top you put the string in
and you spin it up
and you can pretty much balance it on
anything I don't know as a kid at
Clausen here we go
no right here and it feels crazy like
throwing it on my tongue
ah
that's pretty awesome that is ha it's
just like a top but with like extreme
bones and it feels so weird when you
move it like you can't it's like force
I'm just a big kid that's all I think
most adults bill your stupid chicken
make you really big yeah hey you want
some carrots too you want to be really
big yeah how big me he's big as Daddy
yeah bigger yeah would be bigger than
daddy I think you're gonna be bigger
than me if you're anything like your
mama
yeah I'm just kidding all right guys we
have warped into the night sorry Kim's
asleep I think the apartments actually
clean Britney's been working I've got
two vlogs going up for you today this
one of course the regular vlog and then
a bonus vlog that's going up it might be
up right now if it is check it out
you're gonna love it if you haven't seen
it already so there's really nothing
else tomorrow I'm going to crush a prank
out I hope it may take a day or two it's
just a long like public prank where I
have to get a lot of just reactions you
guys know what it is but it's like
there's a new twist of course I don't
try to do the same prank every time so
there's always a new twist and it's
going to be fun so that being said I've
got to get both these videos ready for
you by morning so that you guys have
your entertainment one more thing before
I go do you follow me on Instagram
because that might be where my next
giveaway is in the same mama pulled in
this parking garage and it's like you
can't park here you can't park here
ha ha this do wait just subscribe right
go to save and I'm like lost for words
Jesus
