what up guys thanks for coming back and
watching again we are walking onto the
set of deal with it deal with head cam
this is a hidden camera you guys have
seen me do pranks let me show you how
they do price the restaurant called
whiskey Reds it's amazing Oh
no no no really
next level next level pranking right
here man make up another two money oh my
gosh
it's the down the sure cam that is
awesome
that's what I need for no reason I just
need my so I'm in the this is like the
hot seat of the show and we got Theo
bond here's out welcome back ramen yeah
dude I don't know if you guys remember I
was actually on the show and we had our
superhero bitch
yeah yes that was awesome unbelievable
it's so fun I'm Joe I want to be doing
this more are you coming back
no I don't think so really I think this
is it from what about your movie how's
the movie going ah we have an obsession
but now we're shooting in no time sure
is changing it or not yeah you'll
probably be in it we'll see we'll see
what's up cane Salinas setup just there
into these cameras all day I know it's
it's crazy brother we need 40 people to
do what you do no this is way different
than what I do really yeah yeah this
isn't you guys know I'm I'm one camera
one mic that's my whole prank this is
like how many cameras do you think is
here I mean there's cameras everywhere
if you look right there's literally
cameras everywhere
this cameras out there all the sets I
would say we probably have a total of 12
cameras going 12 cameras and then you
have multiple flat-screen TVs you have
huge hides out front with big mirrors
and dude it's awesome it's awesome you
got me back on the show we'd love you to
come back oh well I'm sure you come back
- oh and if you're in where you
performing tomorrow I'm performing at
the La Jolla at The Comedy Store here in
Los Angeles all weekend cup there you go
all weekend did so on the show today is
this guy what's happening up there my
words are they come on the way and hit
me on Twitter Instagram at my wings like
my facebook fanpage yes I'm on social
media - this wages you can't find
keeping Damon Shawn they don't know I
got I got then I got a serious question
that wake up um so you've done all these
movies all these shows everything
successful how's it finally feel to be
in one of my flaws could be enough
punished but blogs like oh man
this is uh it's like a scrapbook it's
like a school project I think it is ok
yeah no no this is exciting man forget
the movies man forget the millions but
hey I like the free internet where this
is much better if you want this I made
it my mom paid her speech with it I want
to thank God Jesus and them in this for
Melanie my mama and my daddy for having
sex that day as quick as it was and
making me and me I arrived a live love
laugh beautiful man this man this might
have more viewers and white chicks there
no advance do I see white chicks got a
lot of it of yeah but it dint we will
get more views that of
and uh I think a little bit I'll be
posting his home address in the
description below you guys still have to
put the home address now you quit just
the at marlon wayans and scram all the
way sweater don't put the whole mattress
you can flag my facebook that we don't
put the home of the Obon no no now come
on come on hey boy this mother white
shot hey if I say they're gonna daddy
we first found me oh you got the same so
the first one ever scare my purse
whatever is here on his first black guy
Frank he's never met a black guys never
seen that's a new bike I've got a black
daddy that's your new guy we prank the
baby I can go Daddy
know anybody needs a babysitter in LA
Vic is actually the one to go to
that's right this is a drinking game but
it's not for the kids ah
basically winner surely can pick it all
up are you ready yeah okay hi what's
your name again Kane Kane okay as you
can see I'm a very hairy man see always
handy sport you're going to play the
chest ear full game okay I'm gonna grab
firmly not too hard but firmly onto my
chest here and you have to tell me how
many chest hairs I have pain he's lost
interest you can play to their regular
are you ready here we go okay and let's
have some guesses I can't go I'm gonna
go like 15 6 6 oh yeah there we go
let's start counting everyone
oh this they're so curly I'm pretty
close okay let's go there so cruelly
cable this is how he's idea by the way
came to doing here you're really good
babysitter dude
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 who at 18 I
almost had a feeling it was coming yeah
he's been playing that game for 15 years
he's starting with his head and now he's
moved down to me yeah this place is
awesome because when you're done
shooting it always happens at like
restaurants and places so you get to eat
too so we just finished our lunch do we
got to take off for the day are you
gonna come over tonight I'm gonna try
but I might do I got to bring Harvey you
very hard you get it right not me k no
Kate
dude yeah ray Harvey there we go it's
all settled
alright brother thanks for inviting me
dude you probably come anytime
alright the beautiful sunshine what are
you doing I don't know what come on
let's go here you'll see the water wow
this is so nice
big birds sleeping on the deck say hey
dude he's a lot bigger than I thought
yet another beautiful location in the
city hey dude
pretty cool and peaceful man how do you
argue with this just stumbled across the
place called indie plush we walk in Kain
likes like their pillows and stuff but
then she's like we make everything right
here in the store and I look over and
she is she's making everything
my fear is made out of 100% recycled
plastic water bottles really yeah saving
that's cool and all the time I look good
in physical oh so you wanna get it okay
we got a pair you love your shark tell
him you love him because I love ya that
was the most expensive stuffed animal
I've ever bought but I like support and
uh
individuals just people making star
entrepreneurs we had to make a quick
stuff at the store we have Kevin his
girlfriend and Alex coming over later to
have some fun have some fun all right
guys I cannot sugarcoat this when I came
home from the TV show yeah
Britney was like Kevin thinks I'm
talking to him - hilarious oh I just
heard you I came back I was like man Oh
Souter she was like why don't you lay
down I was like all right I lay down I
passed out it's dark it's nighttime but
something came in today and I'm so
excited here you got to film this you
gotta film this what came in today are
you ready are you ready yeah I am you
guys are ready to this I'm so fun boom
yeah I love board games
the official shirt came in dude I'm so
excited I love it and ironically look
ironically we're playing group board
games that I play in some monopoly now
Roman let me ask you something how much
should I expect to pay for a shirt like
that I'm guessing at least $100 nice
team Mennonite same as the small more
shirt $19.99
that's an incredible value I'm gonna buy
10 that's the best commercial how much
should I expect fit no guys the shirt
came in I've been waiting for this it's
designed all board games you got like
the hourglass course which comes in most
board games not monopoly you got the
Scrabble font
you got the Candyland font and then you
got the board game players Wow
you know the best thing about this shirt
is your mom your dad your schoolteachers
nobody's gonna know what this means it's
good it's like our little inside joke so
here's the deal
we're only releasing these for one week
that's it you have until September 5th
next Friday I hope that's right next
Friday I'm gonna pull them off the store
September 5th and that's how it's going
to work so go get it it's limited time
if you want one get them this week and
Brittany's got one on two females oh
yeah
oh yeah I should note that boys and
girls on the store of the same pictures
once you click it make sure you pick
your size woman's and boys yeah firstly
alone by the time you're watching this
these shirts are available right now
Roman Atwood calm top of this
description go smash I want to see you
guys wearing these these are sick I want
to see your parents reactions to them -
you got to send me that - okay in 250
it's been so long since we play Monopoly
this used to be my favorite game and uh
we don't even remember how much money we
get ready to link it up it's a classic
but sometimes it there can be heated
rivalries no we won't be friends after
yes a night like this is it I just want
you to know that like you're going down
but that's so hard
620 he's gonna help daddy you're gonna
help me win Kevin Kevin the other night
when keV Kevin watched Cain he taught
him a trick that's no get remember you
gotta put the palms like this yeah yeah
try all right now are you doing it
all right guys they're ready whoo
barbeque chips I know I'm just confusing
I didn't do anything I just didn't have
a bowl so I put them in a pot like why
do you have them on the stove that works
guys the game is getting very serious
here it's um I'm not gonna lie I'm this
close to selling my body on the street
because the only thing cat I have a
lynchin property low on cash right what
can I give you for your orange what's
that
how much any money I've got four houses
on y'all all right I'll tell you what
because I mean I can't believe I'm doing
this I can't believe I'm doing this
because I'm desperate three two because
I'm desperate I will give you New York
Avenue if you give me oriental and $500
Oh what happened go oh not good what
happened Kevin decided to stop at my
most expensive property Marvin gardens
yeah it's only a thousand twenty-five
dude start ponying up the dough wait
have the money I just happened I think
you do those just some one these is
worth so much money
that's right Roman just wanted on though
so Alisa landed on one of your
properties she's out I'm done you're out
daddy takes the game I guess you know I
tried it I tried to free one you guys
about this wait what's your shirt say
again that means like monopoly right
yeah cuz that's all the board games
you're gonna get you just took me out of
the game mm so like I said before we're
not friends anymore
I won the game Kevin won't even talk to
me you came passed out in our bed
tonight
alright guys that is all I got for you
today we just had a nice fun hangout day
and obviously the new shirts I'm so
pumped for these are been like I've been
so excited for these they're just fun
they're just fun shirts it's a one week
deal if you want one get one if you
don't no big deal I got to give a big
shout to lamp apparel they're the guys
that supply me with all my shirts my
ohio shirts they designed this I told
him the idea and they came up with it
huge shout out to them if you want one
go get one I just love you can wear to
school it's like when I went to high
school is like that's inappropriate you
had Turner shirt and set out this
they've no idea where email I Laporte
get like a so I love Scrabble it's like
a hidden message yeah I guess we love
you we will see you tomorrow don't
forget to play more Borden wait no
that's not it wait we are we changing
the color popcorn on the floor
this place is trash that's your son I
love you guys I'll see you tomorrow
haha
