yeah I'm really starting a blog right
now it's uh
7:45 in the afternoon guys 7:45 in the
afternoon another party night I guess
before this vlog gets to started the new
prank is up the one that I flew to
Florida for the orphanage prank there's
a lot of stuff that I couldn't figure
out how to put in the prank so I'm going
to show you as promised all the behind
the scenes for that prank right now so
enjoy good looking out
good looking out brother it's tonight
I'm at Jeff COEs Children's Village they
provide homes for neglected and abused
children hey guys hey guys tonight I'm
at Jeff Koz Children's Village they
provide homes for abused and neglected
children their computers are outdated
they don't have TVs laptops tablets some
of the cool things the other kids hey
guys tonight I met Sarah ready recorder
cool and then let's come outside I just
move some fountains around or something
tigerdirect ended up bringing 58 tablets
58 tablets for these kids which was
amazing three giant laptops 16 computer
monitors brand-new LED monitors 2
60-inch Plasma TVs and one LED TV they
decked this place out man they brought
it all in I had a huge crew it was
amazing seen this happening
I think they reached out to like a
thousand orphanages this one allowed us
to go in there and pull this pray got
rid of all their old equipment I mean
old equipment they'll definitely be more
productive with this improvement which
is like I asked like my hand over 30
pounds I'm like somebody is gonna notice
you're worried about us by walking I was
like yo me okay then he had that he's
walkin out that almost really to give it
away Franz like really I did not I felt
like I just don't really walk around
with the show
another surprise in all in Monday
morning look so much better be Bradley
we got one more surprise and rabbit this
one's for the kids
and thank you so nice to roughly was the
nicest job Russell so I gotta fill you
in me something you came in first I'm
like the nicest guy I met Oh
so I kind of blamed I told all these
guys rhasta protective I taught all
these guys need you said they know who
did it
why did it time into a room and he goes
what's your name let's look at it he
goes do you know Russell the guy here I
said yeah
do you like Russell I said yeah Russell
said but the is Russell for a name of
anyone who thought might know something
about this and he said the name Janet
seriously I was like I was like my heart
and then she says I need to talk to you
this is not okay with me or anyone else
here that's a June I said and then he
pulled the same thing with Randy Russell
but I said there's no nice guy no nice
enough of enticing
I forgive you yeah so it's a laptop this
is a touchscreen that also performs a
tablet so you can just your becomes a
tablet yeah
got a touchscreen on it it's got AI 5
intel core processor that is also pretty
stable what but here's the coolest part
about it - that you can rotate it around
yes to turn it into a tablet so you're
gonna you can put it in several
different positions what you guys up
with some viewsonic screams we got a 28
inch screen and the cool part about
these screens is their multimedia ready
which means they have a USB power out so
you can actually plug your phone into
the screen so you don't have to go
underneath so that's pretty awesome the
kids which is the coolest part we've got
these new mopeds gonna be really hot
products they're super lightweight
they've got 11 hours of battery life the
screen is fantastic on these
high-definition screens that's got front
and rear cameras and every single kid is
getting their own tablet playing video
games on as a video game player couldn't
allow it so I got them a 39 inch screen
that we're going to set set up
downstairs for them and again this was
you know donated by LG so I'm a tiger
directory
yeah really appreciated all of our
amazing partners it's got to a little
place called the stinking rose never
eaten here before it's like an Italian
restaurant should be interesting they
got a
I got a name I lost my sauce check it
out ah some like hot I wonder what's the
hottest sauce the ass rebirth yes Alex
painful can eat these little tense
no that's big place big with that sauce
dude just said a half rack of ribs and
everything here has garlic and
everything oh yeah chunks and garlic to
the steak and salad and ribs
let me take a selfie
I like money can I have some yeah thanks
bro
thank you so much thanks Reza what
that's like what are you doing you're
taking is I say yeah better Cain get her
can we're back home
crazy blog today huh I haven't done
anything what is that Maui yeah when you
fell over that what is that there is a
mark on you
oh all right guys this is a really quick
shitty vlog for you today like all these
computers just laying around like a
what's up dude talk to me talk to me we
got it got nothing right I had nothing
what it is is what it is whatever you
guys thanks for hanging out today I hope
you enjoyed the new prank go show some
love if you got a minute
other than that I will see you tomorrow
hopefully will be maluma in limits and
living them up more exciting that's what
I meant to say right now
love you guys will see them all smile
more bridge tune well dude Oh Jim huh
bro three-hole punch
