what up what up guys it is Halloween for
us
happy Halloween did thank you happy
Halloween we have a production meeting
this morning and that's it no filming
today so when you get our day started
figure these things out continue so what
do you know
didn't stop get ready go into a meeting
got our chimney sweeper here I love you
comes in Halloween costume me off-guard
big time good morning guys good morning
I see you found some food Jude
alright you sleep good in that bed last
night so nice mr. Roman so nice awesome
dude awesome
so that was quick we had a quick
production meeting did a little talking
blah blah blah and now we are trying to
get back home the traffic is insane
because tonight is Halloween and
Halloween on West Hollywood is
apparently pretty insane it is cloudy
man it actually may be one of the
cloudiest days I've ever seen in LA for
me it's actually sprinkling a little bit
just landed it Jack and Jill's one of my
favorite places the ever and we're
freezing them I was so cold
ohayo you know it's still in the 70s
cloud it is cloudy I've ever seen clouds
I guess it's sprinkling a little bit and
I wonder what the temperature is look it
up oh look at that thing entropy sure
this is my iPhone
- I should've got yours looks good -
yeah it looks all day yeah
I'll slam it this is all I could eat
that's it ember we got more than half
more than half chases just now getting
my vlog up this place is super busy this
place looks like a grocery store after
an earthquake people just raiding the
shelves for Halloween stuff I mean it is
last minute so you need right there you
need a striped shirt I could wear a
striped shirt but I can also wear all
black right
chase doesn't know what he wants to do
I'm doing last-minute I always wear
black so I was like I'm just going to be
a robber just paint the black paint the
black things around my eyes but now
Brittany thinks I need a black and white
striped shirt you know I'm gonna do
that's like an obvious Robert I'm gonna
call out to Twitter fans right now ask
on this idea Kane's
dying to be a pirate so we're trying to
get in pirate stuff they have just about
everything
they don't have this sighs everything's
really big pirate dreads sis your
costume yeah why not
it's easy it's very creative - it's only
Halloween for everyone will know that
you put a lot of time into it dude I had
to pull out my wallet slide if anything
it's just - forever the line starts all
the way up there oh my back there so we
get for coming on Halloween I know
last-minute shoppers right here I've got
like an hour before we go
trick-or-treating with Kane hour and a
half I've never been so excited to get
out of the store ha
it was sprinkling earlier mmm he's so
excited that's your bag your
trick-or-treat bag that's we put all
your candy in
yeah is that your outfit
what's your prayer outfit your vest in
your hand before we go out tonight we're
gonna take Cain trick-or-treating and
then when he's goes to bed he's gonna
stay with Grandma we're gonna go over to
Mandel's house so that we can play as
adults but the Pirates sure that we
found for Cain they only had big sizes
because we waited for the last minute so
mommy's making it fit yeah and I think
it's gonna actually look cooler like
that
that's how pirates look Cain yeah give
me thumbs up mmm what do you think Cain
you like it
yeah honey he yet you made that here's
an eye patch and wear the eye patch
really
whoa did I see look at me
go are so we've never been
trick-or-treating in the city we live in
Ohio so we're not used to this we don't
even know where to go or how to do this
but Brits all dressed up Kings all
dressed up daddy looks dad told you to
be pirates with us I know I should have
now that's alright I'll figure something
out for tonight ah sure you forgot your
fisherman outfit to be a fisherman with
Tina shark
I know sure you didn't get Amy I'm not
gonna buy you a costume daddy's just
busy I'm too busy for that I'm too busy
but I still go I want to go our little
pirate didn't make it he's already
asleep it's tough being a pirate though
he had to do a lot today let me see you
guys you guys look awesome
all right come on we found a place to
park these I didn't even know
communities like this head trick or
treat these houses are like castle
mansions crazy
we definitely found the right spot
hey I remember being a little kid
running through the streets man running
full-speed to get every piece of candy I
could get and then getting home dumping
it out like just seeing how much I got
oh my goodness look at that
get a piece okay this is next-level
Halloween trick-or-treating move this
house
your parents
oh you got your hook you can have true
come on buddy let's run through this
ready come on you know you're in LA when
people are selling kids toys on the
corners
are you sure you're ready to go home you
are all right it's a bit crazy out here
candy I'm happy we probably went to 810
houses
it's not if that I don't know you're
only you still you're still a little
young for this huh you look awesome
yeah I think daddy had more fun looking
at the houses they came did ricochet
it's so inspiring it's like what you can
have in life it's it's ridiculous
actually to me it seems like things you
can't have in life look great you look
great Lucy your eyes boy whoa hey okay
miss Kay night one this is paint our job
oh you're Kate I'm Carrie hello you guys
what is good
actually you can get virgins blood makes
you drunk
pumpkin cupcakes or like secular dip
others luminous then we got jalape√±o
poppers deviled eggs and then brownie
trumpet hey army what are you making
over here any truffles oh this smells
amazing
hmm is that it's none
oh my just escaped to the rooftop for a
minute it's so nice dude thanks for
lighting as a deck on fire dude he's
gonna be pissed but it feels so good we
can start another one over there you're
gold let's get this whole roof on fire
yeah yeah I just wanted to place an
order we're hungry we're cheating we're
calling in food cheers Cheers cheers
Cheers
I got green
fish tune well did Oh Jim Halpert huh
three hold on love it
you don't even brought back up nametags
I just want to be Jim or another Jew
use me use me he's right now dancing
to hell with romancin she's shred but
gotta go on like a turbojet so bellows
yeah shake it shake it shake shake shake
that healthy butt
haha
leave this look at this it's raining in
aw Sanja 'less whoo we got rain in here
for like two months
what's up man oh yeah it hasn't rained
for sure hey guys I'm sorry it's the
next day I didn't in the vlog freakin
alcohol though I'm never drinking again
ever chase is never drinking again
grandma was never drinking again
alright guys I love you thanks for
watching we'll see you tomorrow
smile
