good morning guys welcome to day nine of
natural born pranksters movie you may
remember this from my Instagram photo
when we scouted this location weeks and
weeks ago that's it sick t-rex Wow
we actually just got the location looks
like the crew is preparing for battle
today lots and lots of fun stuff so
who's that guy so this is the Frank
Sinatra house this is Frank Sinatra's
old house and we are here you may
remember this from location scouting
they are setting up for our shoot
morning guys
it looks like basically like we're
shooting another porno why does all our
shoots look like we're shooting porn
maybe we are making a porno I don't know
that's a beautiful hot so what's up dude
you can see we already got some so you
guys are going to be smart now for the
rest of your life you're gonna know that
if you see a mirror it's a camera so
there'd be a guy inside this production
box maybe already in there oh look at
that already set up so you guys are
going to get a kick out of this when you
actually see the movie because we're
actually getting ready to shoot one of
the pieces to the intro of the movie so
when you see this location you're going
to know that this is where we filmed
that intro so we're on day 9 of this
movie and I still honestly can't get
over how much work goes into each day
and how many people it takes to make
each day happen it's unbelievable and it
it's so different from what I'm used to
I'm really enjoying this a lot so this
is our wardrobe today for myself Dennis
and Vitaly it's always laid out each day
and we can pick out what we want but I
think you get the idea that we're going
to be a character today which is really
fun for us sitting here chillin with my
moon boots you know saying I'm Vee they
call me V for vanilla and got not it's
me guys it's Roman Atwood
because those days were so hard to tell
you guys what we're doing up we're
suiting up we're shooting a big scene
kind of for the intro of the movie and
other things but uh it's super exciting
it's just when you're waiting on marks
that means people are scheduled to come
in for us to pull a prank on that's how
it works people come in we pull the
prank so you're always on a timeframe so
right now we're just waiting waiting for
that time yeah are you guys excited for
today or what yes sir sasha is very
excited so what are you doing today I
look like a Russian director I'm the
director
action camera son action oh did we just
rapped on our first bit it was
absolutely a blast did we killed it you
killed it look funny there's so much fun
playing this god man
playing his character is hilarious I'm
get that lunch on boys I got an
interesting lunch today what is this
technically lamb lamb and beef I don't
know what this is moorland
this is Persian food not Persian food it
looks great we have literally been here
all day man all day the Sun is setting
we still got more to shoot I love this
place man
what are you working on up here hidden
in the rock shop these guys are the best
at hiding hammers hey baby
I didn't know you were coming today I
had no idea you were coming today yeah
Blandon weather know what you know is so
fun do this shit so fun do you introduce
him
oh sorry boy baby young cuddly boy big
boy TV people radio network legend power
106 hello legendary
hey wait Ben
can I show you Frank yeah yeah you ready
what hey Ben I'm not gonna open Oh bring
to you so good I was like are you so
good yeah I'll get it
are you could look right here right here
say it
I got Frank hahaha part of it now to her
dude yes miss no quick I got a surprise
for you okay all mmediately guys got
something for you
check this out no it's not a prank
hunter thing check it out man
got your bed for tonight
one night bro I get to see in bed
tonight saw your Oh mr. Romo I don't
know what to say I have exhausted oh
they get a good night's sleep I haven't
slept in the bed I can't even remember
the last time I slept in a bed mr.
romance oh but I'm talking about this
one bro oh it's still better oh yeah
this is you ah oh my aching bones mr. oh
my bad I'm gonna yeah I've been taking
that bits of sleep we'll see you in the
morning and you give a shout-out to your
soldiers and stop me yeah you got let's
give him some PC part oh thank you mr.
Romo
this is a rat baby the end of the day no
nobody was hurt
everything's safe backing it up look at
all this shit they got a pack up and put
away whoo that ain't even all of it
say hi hi what are we doing vamanos
these are baby dominoes check these out
my brother if you guys watch the vlogs
like if you've watched him for a long
time then you know my brother started up
basically a factory that makes the
Domino's in Ohio where we live and he
sent me his newest dot they're like
dominoes but they're tiny like a little
there this is a normal Domino how cool
is that push them push it no push it
whoo-hoo so we decided to run out chase
went with Dennis and we're bringing to
Grandma Hollywood she never been the
Hollywood Hollywood yeah yeah all kinds
of looking like some costumes and cool
stuff here always
this is always entertaining spot
so we made it we stopped we parked we're
gonna go eat some food what do you think
you know who these people are see you
know all the names I don't even know
it's awesome I know Alabama country
country group Miles Davis we decided to
come to bw3 tonight it's really loud in
here really loud I think the game's
wrong yeah so I'm trying to figure out
what I want to order screaming huh
blaze them makes you big of a sissy for
that
thirty-four you got too much oh you
killed me we played a half game connect
what's this game even home I played it
ever since I was a little kid the claw
hey don't push it push the button when
you want to
alright guys we're back home that's all
I got for you today check it out I think
I'm gonna be I think I'm gonna be cane
cane for Halloween this is all it takes
hoodie knife mask you can be cane out
would ya now I put a picture on
Instagram of that anyway guys that is
gonna do it for today thanks for coming
along and supporting and always liking
these vlogs tomorrow we have a
production meeting in the morning and
then we're off for Halloween so we are
going to have a lot of fun tomorrow
so of course I'll bring you along I love
you guys do you like the I mean I'm
gonna ask this again do you like these
vlogs better when I'm just hold the
camera or do you like when Chase is
filming with the camera you want to end
the vlog with me tell me the helens guys
I love you don't forget keep a smile on
your face you're awesome you're one of a
kind smile more
what this
