oh my gosh my face is so foggy I don't
know why I thought it's a good idea
start the vlog right now but what I'm
leaving the dentist what I'm just
walking out of the dentist I had a
temporary crown put on based on my tooth
broke in half and they just numbed my
whole face is numb my eyes and I feel so
weird like my lips falling and they give
me this extra cement in case the crown
falls off before I get my real one
anyway welcome to a blog I have no idea
when I waited to start the vlog right
now I feel ridiculous these guys are
huge or than ever bigger than ever and
um let's get this fog started know
better I thought hey buddy hey what's up
you want something say it I you're the
normal one now cookie I know huh she's
like it's not like that my dad did not
have ready you gotta do whatever face I
make ready cross-eyed how about angry
face happy face silly face what up
nighty-night nitro what's up bud say
hello yeah I get right in there
you got I was just coming to check on
you let me see let's see oh it looks
nice nice and dark I love it black hair
it's my fave so while I'm in my office
get my brain drilled out you're getting
your hair dyed yeah
smell infuse nobody hold my hand nobody
tell me everything's gonna be okay it
was just a low it's just scary even have
my my viewers with me that even vlog was
too embarrassed to pull my camera I was
so proud of you that you went by yours
I don't everything for me when she's not
with me I'm like lost baby raccoon I
thought for sure you'd cancel because I
wasn't going I almost did be playing
Angry Birds on the job you all picture
of this back to one wheel Oh
message me back don't get it okay don't
check it out all the bolts of this thing
fell out I'll send it this company's
amazing yeah cuz they're like you don't
know no one wheel yeah be careful
there's like no room to walking no run
we need a bigger building it's not that
bad it's not too bad oh geez more like
small more storage
cuz that's oh my god this place is
destroyed every time we get everybody we
still ask for these it's feet
it's the splatter hoodies the splatter
tie-dye hoodies that we're always out of
stock on we've just ordered so many so
hopefully that's fake forgive me I am
struggling to talk so bad am i
stuttering with this num Mouse tie-dye
hoodies these right here everybody's
been waiting on these dang name dings
this piece of apparel we have I in my
opinion and it's always out of stock so
they're finally now back in stock and
hopefully we ordered enough this time
you keep them in stock and you guys can
actually order them my winter hat you
know your hair looks amazing you look
you look so good that's not gonna fit me
it's not gonna fit me if you've been
waiting on tie-dye hoodies link will be
in the top of this description click
them get one while you can if you want
them for Christmas definitely order now
and hopefully sure everyone's working
working work and getting all these
organized especially with our Christmas
brother usually everything gets it picks
up this month so it gets a little hectic
in here it's like your true colors are
coming out flippers with like shoes whoa
whoa there axe there built-in
yeah that's legit cool
is that right or left somebody's really
using their brain like you have real
duck feet
good I'll just walk out to Brian see if
he notices do they feel like shoes or do
they feel like flippers shoes no raised
up a little so you don't feel it look at
the damage mr. dog caused before he left
we're going a little ride
you can totally jut look I wonder where
the cats been hanging out Brian's gonna
kill us he spent like an hour spraying
this thing out I know but still it took
an hour to clean come on little girl put
the seat up you got to twist it now like
push you sideways why are you struggling
with this you did this in the store
already slide up slider slider slider
it's like locked either told you what
barely fits in the garage we have to
take the flag off to put it in the
garage pull it out but don't go in
reverse this thing is so big like it's
hard to tell how big it is
it makes the GTR look little and the GTR
is big
yeah got out the flag over it nice and
easy now okay
let's just just take your time
I can't see anything
the only downside of having wheels to
stick outside the fenders is it just
shoots mud everywhere there's no
protection
I ordered solid doors but until we get
them dirt just shoot straight up in your
face right here oh I survived I feel
like I survived no looks good look hot
baby sorry Brian
but I think it looks better like this
everybody it enough mud on my face you
won't see the whatever those are call
actually outside I couldn't see the mud
but I actually do have a lot on me we
have to get some goggles yeah got
something very very awesome that came in
the mail today I'm gonna let chase open
it because he's been wanting to get one
of these for a very very long time as
you know chase helps me get a lot of the
cool shots in my videos so sometimes I
order things for him to use as like you
know it's a win-win for chase check it
out dude I got something what do you
think's in there it could it's not a dog
or a cat I promise well that could that
be well first first thing I see right
here is this oh it's got batteries of
some sort power but what what is battery
oh dude you'll probably use it more than
me I can see his inner energy coming out
I can see it by one of these all year
like for months and months and months
and I haven't really found the right
cause for it just yet but next week I
got the right cause for it so you better
get some practices that's all I'm saying
subtle hints here and there all
throughout the summer
 and then out and then he goes
christmas is coming Oh cry don't cry no
yours did a bright light should come out
of the box when you open it oh it came
with a box and is sick
oh baby that's a black suitcase right
there come on Charlie let's see that
gold
I think it's upside down I know there's
more there's more there's more plutonium
it's a box of plutonium I'm ready we
should maybe put top on the top I mean
the logos ok missiology jeez it was an
upside down pure amateurs take take 3 on
opening the box you know if we can open
the box there's a good chance we don't
we should use this just open it we can
flip it all okay you got this this is
the last time Carson you're gonna make
this happen
shake it shake it that's why I thought
it's upside down it's stuck in there
okay let's just make this the worst
unboxing this is the worst unboxing
video ever you know maybe if they allow
it to come out of a box
disclaimer products will settle during
shipping
care she
so did yo this right here that's alien
technologies the most advanced drone on
the market are you serious yes well as
far as like consumer consumer drones
yeah remind people through air Wester
and you can get it that has its own
onboard camera if you want to put a red
on something you wouldn't get this this
this right here looks like something
from Avatar
yes are you happy are you happy dude
months you've been saying dude you gotta
get that drunk
you gotta get that drone bro well the
thing is is like we're running out
daylight to fly it right now so like we
got hurt the cameras not and amber made
lasagna for everybody but I've never
seen lasagna with pepperonis on it looks
like that looks amazing
you know she was she's like been in the
South long time she put sugar and
everything so this price I'm sure you're
in it so everybody's feasting Britt's
gonna pretend like she's not even on
anything she eats it even Kane's
enjoying look how much he's enjoying it
look at him just just eatin bite after
bite are you playing what is this stick
man Snickers oh your skill pure skill
you guys actually warping into the
evening we got the the new drone
alternate core I hear you
so we're warping into the oh right what
do I do about my face oh gosh what do I
do
I hit a kid over a cheerio that's why I
have this face problem like I made phone
somebody's it one day and now I have it
that's what you're saying
get it girl you got it you're getting so
big
we did a little work this evening we got
the new drone all charging up I I didn't
know it only it does two batteries at
once it came with two batteries I was
like all right I got an extra battery no
takes two batteries to run it so
technically I can do one flight right
now it is crazy super tux get mommy and
daughter Pinkett mommy baby looks like I
am so out of here you guys are crazy
what y'all talk to each other and play
with weird things get Cora so um like
this it's like new stuff what if I just
walk oh there we go look it's gone gone
no problems I love that show
all the neighbors so I got a new vlog
camera today as well with that drone so
tomorrow vlogs will start with a brand
new camera which always looks so nice
even though it's the scene I ordered the
same cameras every time when they're new
out of the box those are the days you
guys are like this blog looks so good so
they always look great for some reason
on that first day and then they fill
with dust by just my environment cuz I
get everything dirty crazy like flashy
clean the house dude this place is teeth
Rashed
say goodbye princess say goodbye Korra
we love you I can't wait til she watches
these when she's my age and then be cool
they have all that of you can say
goodbye we love you
say bye flash come on say it say bah
good enough good job you guys remember I
used in the boy I just had a flashback I
always ended the blogs in the kitchen
like a long time ago Wow anyway love you
guys so much thanks for hanging out with
this day I don't know what today is a
little stroll or it starts off after the
dentist like an idiot but least there's
an upload we'll see tomorrow you are
beautiful you are one
I can smile more
you
