what up guys today you and I are going
to the MTV Music Awards that's right
let's go
but before we go a couple of my closest
friends have agreed to come party it up
with Kane so that we can go I'm gonna
get him some snacks first um check
alright man you guys are loaded with
snacks I couldn't be going to this
without my awesome friends Kevin his
amazing girlfriend I try they've agreed
to party all night with Kane and Kane
are you ready Kevin does some awesome
voices he's gonna entertain you for
hours you watching my Batman again are
you ready
where's Falcone where are the drugs
it's Werner me Rachel he's he's not
buying it he's not buying he's not
buying it you're not buying it you were
laughing before I love you fun fun guys
seriously thank you so much picture
alright alright see ya ina CS I just got
to my girlfriend's house sup baby
can't believe you guys were wearing
shoes in my apartment I can't believe
how many times have I been yelled at for
wearing shoes in here anyway we're about
to hit the road about the head to the
show we just stopped made a drink Cheers
it's going to be an interesting night
these are our tickets for the Music
Awards it's not always good to be a
prankster we had to actually write MTV
and promised them that metallian I would
not pull any pranks tonight you believe
that yeah it's crazy
all right we're on our way we got our
eggs
I wish Metallica came with us but it
looks like it's just us girls oh wait
there yeah stop raising it up that's
what you lecie they did not raising up
drinks don't show the whole world that
we're drinking no this is kool-aid oh we
got VIP look at all these people waiting
what I'm able to walk through that place
oh my goodness gracious
see that's over good we're gonna jump up
no VIP drop-off yeah I'll just follow
the orange cones we have finally made it
here actually didn't take that long by
the way I swear this is the building
from grand theft auto san andreas I
think you get the monster truck here
what I swear it is this is ring at the
monster truck in this parking lot yeah
you get the monster truck and you race
indoors like the dirt track
we're here we're inside here we go here
we go
they said we give complimentary drinks
and food
yes in the old age they said with this
band we get free drinks and free food
nobody's wearing it nobody's wearing it
I'm getting worried
looks like our memory from here again
and nothing is more West Coast hip-hop
and the dog father sniff dog
that hollaback girl you are the true
I should know that dude all the cheese
burgers and hotdogs that you can
possibly eat it's like a dream come true
- even though diet supposed to start
today I think it's going to have to hold
off free food within one second we're
already on round two Kony's and nachos
oh my no these are the best ladies
analysis three through it all night Oh
what's up baby what's up give me five
you go to elbow don't carry well dude I
read Nauticus go yo - yep - the
imperative yeah yeah tip these ladies
won't step on either gonna be able to
move
lalala y'all know what time it is
we're leaving before the shows even over
just so that we don't have to fight
traffic traffic is really bad is this
normal
it's greatest pain sis what's up are you
guys thank you so much yeah what's wrong
with you
no please dude what take another walk
there dude without walking modes we have
to reset we said we have the others with
no luck this is what happens when you
leave early bro let's go dude look at
that later
yeah for sure what one what did you see
the show yeah alright we just saw Wow
what's with all the yelling we just get
back to Batali's want to show you what
uh Kevin's girlfriend lip sent me
freaking out I've already lost Cain Cain
okay where are you
Cain pull on Cain Cain where are you
I can't find you anywhere where are you
I got you I got you
obviously Kevin had a blast with cane
Brittany's cousin Laurie Laurie actually
just got to the house to take over
Kevin's position and Kevin is coming
here to hang out with us this would be
awesome everybody show Kevin and his
girlfriend so much love
we couldn't even went anywhere today
without them no mommy and daddy time
town oh we got this room to herself what
is that second one
why is your mom always yelling she's
always in why are you always eating
pudding like they're still putting at
Batali's house in case anybody wants to
know all the drawers oh yeah there's all
bag was just showing everybody the
videos you did with Shane tonight was he
for me you were showing you ate you show
me what you're yeah because if they said
Kevin was cinema there's videos okay
well that was like I know look I know
you and Brittany are like parents you
guys trusted me with your most prized
possession in the world so I wanted to
send you videos every like half hour 45
minutes just like that it was awesome
because every 10 minutes it was like I
wonder how Kane's to him yeah another's
videos even burn the John McGee it was
awesome thanks um yeah roars look you
just got here what's up
when you see this is it good they came
to show us the premiere of our Scarface
Wow oh man subdued how's the sketch
we're doing a premiere tonight
when's the actual video go well oh
that's so four minute maybe Tuesday yeah
we'll do Wednesday one today this is
this is us off Frankie to try to
premiere a video where she in their
mouth you guys make I just turned
everything down with it gosh everybody
calm down
just chill dude after watching that I
want to meet I want to meet you guys
I want to meet you so you guys are gonna
love this you gotta love it is this what
you guys drew well this is the poopy
kidding yeah all right guys from the
bottom of my heart thank you for
watching today thank you for coming
along with us to the VMAs I wasn't
impressed I gotta say it just wasn't
that exciting but uh you know whatever
it was fun it's fun I shouldn't talk bad
about it I had a good time I love you
guys I will see you tomorrow thanks for
thanks for always liking and supporting
these videos and follow me on my journey
I will see you tomorrow as always smile
more
dude bro long time no see ever seen you
for like two days
you don't even hang out no more with me
we're going to what we're looking for an
outfit because we're going to the where
we're going to mom
