what are you looking at daddy daddy
daddy check it out
daddy's in a big magazine whoa dude
forget about that in my hair don't look
at my guys I'm sitting here staring at
the computer all day waiting to watch
vlog Channel past that million
subscriber mark Kane just came up to me
in Hana meet his camera this is the
camera I'm giving away in like four days
or five days it still works he was like
what dad it's on I don't know how it
works thing is destroyed but it still
works
my days about to get even better all
right guys it's official Kane we did it
a million subscribers we did it you guys
did like that that is a that is a
massive number holy guacamole that's a
massive number you see well you got your
own vlog camera I'm a sucker for Chinese
food and Britney believe it or not is a
deep dark secret don't you tell him I
love Taco Bell
she loves Taco Bell so we came here and
I'm in Chinese in chard yeah
basically we're about as unhealthy as
you can get right now but you know what
it's celebration day so it's gonna be
cake and ice cream for the rest of the
day this is uh
this is another Park that I shot the
flashing children prank at getting our
Park on part-time let cane run them
little legs off
he brought he's been carrying this
little plastic camera all day around say
cheese you know what cane doesn't know
that's a squirt gun camera squirts we'll
get him tonight we'll get him tonight
with that it's a month come on mommy
tell mommy to come down catcher a
beautiful park man it's awesome I want
to know why these palm trees do this
this is a human gem it's all worked off
human wait see how it works so you're
lifting yourself up I guess I like how
regular stores in LA have these type of
garages you only find these garages in
Ohio like for like super malls
stuff this is just if you want to go to
Target or a regular store this is where
you park there it is
finally we could have jumped down faster
than that
going down long rod excuse me there's
something in this rack right here
what are you doing excuse me how much
are these right here lay this right here
yep that's priceless yeah so I haven't
told you guys yet this is kind of a huge
surprise to me but I've been nominated
for the greatest prank channel on
YouTube and we're going to an award show
on the 7th and Brittany's trying to pick
a dress out here it'd be so funny if I
shut up oh my gosh oh via awesome hey I
mean you are up for the French and yes
we're a prank Channel I got it I got it
I got it I think I've been hilarious on
a serious note guys it's true I'm up for
the award the streamys I'm so excited
I've never been to award show uh I
always buy the cheapest cheapest shirts
these all these shirts like $12.99 seven
dollars ten dollars
no tank tops got a girl on it animes
like that I like that right see the
poofy yeah you like this we're back home
we are watching Nitro Circus one of my
favorites this is one of the best movies
ever
do you want to do stuff like that yeah
it's crazy huh that's crazy
take it alright so I haven't been want
to show you guys this because I still
not good at it but I figured I'll update
you and see you're getting better I am
getting better slowly ain't you gonna
film me yeah wow that was really long
you're getting so good
ah wow I'm getting there yeah guys so
I'm been practicing this I'm not giving
up I'm gonna be able to do I'm gonna be
able to juggle four ball four balls at
once hmm not seriously like it's
something I want to learn juggling is so
fun and it wears me out like I literally
sweat
what are you blogging me with you see
I'm making some I'm making little
progress a little at a time probably do
like 10 to 20 minutes the last three
nights in a row are you copying me
all right so since we got keen to sleep
I've been wanting to do everybody always
jokes around about my dedication for
these vlogs and I'll stay up all night
and I won't go out just so I get these
vlogs done so I thought I'd do a funny
picture for my Social Feeds of how
dedicated I am what do you think of it
that's it all right so this this this
photo requires basically me to be
working just working and Brittany to be
in the background like she's ready to
play board games basically you guys will
see it I have to get a timer on my phone
because obviously there's no one here to
take a picture and I'm just going to
shoot a bunch of photos and hope it
comes out so let's do this Hey well it's
kind of like a nightie take a night yeah
yeah I can't I can't show it I cannot
show it but uh here we go we're gonna
try to take this photo all right that
was fun we did a shoot look how many
photo oh my gosh
we did so many you have to wait to see
the actual one but this this is how many
we shot not that
Wow all right guys all this vlogging
aside we hit a million subs today and
that is insane impossible to me and I'm
gonna sleep so good tonight thank you
guys so much for coming along on this
journey I'm gonna post this picture we
just took by the time you see this soon
I love you guys I will see you tomorrow
don't forget to smile more was this
business I'll do it you can see through
his clothes holy
