it's pretty pretty what's up guys good
morning the beach we are we're taking a
little Drive
through the beautiful beautiful Santa
Monica area right now and we're gonna
try to find some food start our day with
some food yeah contest for you okay all
right
straight face straight face is this Joel
small that means it's our turn
come on give it to her
hey look at the name of the boys
bathroom
okay just like you this is a really cool
spot you get to eat and watch the waves
hit the rocks
Jane is loving it there comes a wave
game you think he's gonna get wet
let's see if he gets wet dan do you want
to go stand on the rocks no all right
guys if you're hungry please close your
eyes for the next five seconds barbecue
ribs and cornbread and fries and mac and
cheese and steak carrot potatoes Ben
smiles and happy faces then waves all
right now that we're stuffed every stuff
in the shop see buddy finds a little
beach toys for cane let me goof off at
the beach big big buckets full of soccer
balls
yeah well cane got what he wanted mommy
and daddy's turn full full liquor store
here at the one-stop shop we are on the
hunt for a place called Zuma Beach I've
never been here and we're definitely
lost
twenty two minutes from here oh we're
definitely lost but we got a nice view
this Suns gonna be down low we get
anywhere we gave up on zoom was too far
and the Sun is setting quickly so we
just came to Malibu pier place is
beautiful and looks like there's tons of
surfers which I like we're just not
looking out today we are not looking out
the Sun is going behind the mountain and
a fan just told us that it's high tide
so there's barely any beach left so hey
may not get to play with his beach toys
too easily with me Manny yeah good job
dude jump yeah you did it we made it we
made it we got here ain't got a bag of
goodies all kinds of stuff take your
hood off wow man
got it
he's got it he's got it
so so far been out to LA a lot and this
is one of my favorite places to go the
Malibu pier y'all done it's so relaxing
it's so pretty
there's always the surfers are fun to
watch it's just great although the
lifeguards are kind of strict game did
you have fun yeah me too so relaxing
yeah just this place makes me want to
just shut down turn everything off throw
my phone in the ocean just disappear it
is pretty
so pretty here okay we're out of the
beach we're out of here it doesn't
matter what time of day it is in LA it's
traffic it's always on one side of the
other what's your rap you made up about
traffic traffic traffic traffic looking
for my chapstick there's a Ford Maverick
not it make that up that's from Malibu's
most well but we just left Malibu so
it's it's appropriate you know guys I
just got home and realized how close
this is serious we're gonna hit 1
million subscribers in just a couple
days I came home nine hundred and eighty
seven thousand seven hundred sixty one
Wow Wow
well according to vid stats which is the
website I used for everything let's just
let's just see what it says so according
to vid stats I'm three days away from 1
million subscribers going by four four
thousand five hundred eighty-five
subscribers a day holy crap so three
days leads me to this what are we gonna
do we're gonna do a fan day that's all
we're done I'm planning it oh my god I'm
speechless
I really am speechless I would have
never get I never would have guessed on
the first channel that that would happen
now I'm really would have never guessed
that my second channel would hit that
see ya what the heck are we gonna do I'm
half tempted to just call out a meet-up
right here in LA yes and then do you
like some kind of live thing online
because I think I think we got to do
something awesome we stopped to that
place to get Kaine like the beach toys
and stuff yeah hey pajama boy anyway
somehow we must have grabbed somebody's
bag off the gas station yeah yeah
because we have no idea where this bag
came from there's sushi there's a
Cheetos and a Snickers and we did not
buy I feel terrible I feel terrible
about it I've never stolen anything in
my life it's the worst feeling ever
there they are
or at least you got your C enjoys I'm
sure it was an accident
yeah I know we gotta justify it this
sucks and I feel like I need to not eat
it I feel like I need to give it to
somebody sure
what you doing hand
eat those Cheetos that we stole all
right did that hurt I came in a pretty
good toughing yeah Wow leave me alone
you someone chicken sauce I guess
oh you guys gotta see what we got today
check this out it's a cane cane oh yeah
you have to put batteries in them no
they don't come charge
don't come charge
alright guys one more update before I go
I know there's still six days left but I
want to show you the top most engaged
subscribers at this point here they are
they've I think they've all changed
you're now looking at the top five most
engaged subscribers at this point you
can even see when they actually
subscribed believe this this is almost a
full year almost a full year it's
amazing that that has changed so much in
just one day still six days left to take
that top spot number one spot is getting
the new vlog camera or not the new vlog
camera my old vlog camera which has been
through so many hands so many vloggers
have used it it's gonna be cool it's
gonna be fun but that's all I got for
you today guys
nice laid-back mellow day was a little
prank there at the end we love you guys
so much thank you thank you thank you we
are just literally days from shooting
our prank movie it's gonna be so
exciting and you're coming along with me
I'll see you tomorrow don't forget to
smile keep smiling you're beautiful
somehow more guys do you guys want to
know how the new Honda Civic doors are
open yeah I like the change that they
added to the new ones a little different
than those the typical you know
