nice take this is kind of stuff you keep
in your truck now if you get pulled over
it's about to have some fun today
shooting with with the airsoft obviously
but these are sweet they're nice I just
want to show you where we're filming
today this place is breathtaking
absolutely breathtaking I know what
you're thinking this is not a mall or a
shopping center this is one house this
is one house there's a nightclub a bar
zip line that goes from here to the pool
the inside is a masterpiece
this house makes me want to rock it's
soulless compared to this here's a
little bit better view of this home I
don't even know if we can get it all in
this camera angle this unbelievable
unbelievable this looks like a must do
today zipline swan no it's just all
rigged up we're gonna have a lot of fun
today guys I have a feeling this is
gonna be a fun day
electron what does that mean electronic
I don't know anything about who this
book is the best seen hookahs before but
I've never I've never seen that this is
like hookah from the future got my
wardrobe back and I love
thank you brother thank you now I can
slick my hair back I think my viewers
actually like my hair sleep should I
keep my hair slicked back or like trying
to address okay we're ready to go
beautiful I think this needs to be your
new style
I think people keep saying that I'm not
cool enough for it I just just finished
up one of my scenes do that Sun as it's
killer I'm sitting here chilling in the
shade you know you can buy your cocaine
gum I got my bag of rice here with a
candle and as people drop their phones
in the pool
perhaps apparently if you drop your
phone and water any electronic you put
it in rice yeah it soaks all the water
else yeah it's a how-to video - it's a
how-to video - it the old the old tennis
shoes now all I think it was Austin
Powers though where's pumping it's
fascism in the faces are awesome that
takes me back right there this is the
Scarface car is that her name sunshine
for your camera
nobody likes Honda Civics for everybody
likes Toyota Camrys these are way nicer
right now I went to we got the Hyundai
Elantra here's the new Hyundai Elantra
it's weird they put that logo on us
weird has a really know that logos call
oh here's one of the new no here's one
of the new Lamborghinis right here oh
yeah one more one more
that was for the blog that was for the
blog blog for the blog just punch a hole
right nothing just punching K Cena you
guys want to know how the new Honda
Civic doors are open let me show you I
like the change that they added to the
new one's a little different than this
the typical you know yeah no I think
it's fantastic you wanna you're really
stepping up your game with the new doors
I like that we want to say one got GEICO
insurance well-well get this car crash
it and it's only gonna be 139 per month
the spaceship yeah I know do you not
good so wait so so i think i think
vitaly already knows how he's gonna
spend his money after after you guys
make the movie
yeah you saw the corolla over here right
yeah so how's it feel to always get the
ladies on sets i don't know why i don't
feel great
why you you're reporting them no I oh
yeah have any other structure but like
so there are two identical twins here
what's your names and you guys have
YouTube channel okay I'm gonna run a
little test on you what's your favorite
color what's your favorite who's your
favorite actor what's your favorite
candy oh my god so we're about to shoot
one of our last scenes how you feel what
are they're scared it's all not to be
loved
all right so I got about 30 minutes
before my next scene it's time to play
in this pool this is the coke scene yeah
that's definitely a bruit phone whoa got
the chains go I'm gonna go home
beautiful man yeah I shouldn't even show
you without your hair like that I get my
wig on do you know what I sang gotta get
prepared so this is the cocaine scene
and this scene are vitally is going to
be snoring some cocaine so it's gonna be
a real ass yeah from the plate because
I'm gonna offer him a bump
what should I offer it with with a knife
it's serious bro this is seriously like
about you I'm sure you have pretty
badass knives through in this house yeah
you should be do you know your house is
big when you can't get it in your screen
you can't get it in one shot it goes if
you have to go from the front of the
house to the back of the house you need
like running shoes it's hiking shoes if
you're going into the West Wing guys you
know I'd like to put a lot of work into
my Instagram so I'm now doing a turtle
eating pizza but there's a little
surprise I'm gonna be in the pool in the
pool there we go crack you haven't a
sneeze first take a bump
you should aggression device yo what is
in there oh your studio rash no fuck oh
okay I can afford another house to put
this guy's but this car makes me you
want it you look at it yeah I know the
way you think so you're right now in
your head you're already thinking how
can I justify this to Brittany like we
need one of these we're back in yellow
black and yellow
you know what though I don't need this
that that's the difference between me
like I have I know I understand what
needs I don't need this because I can't
even where am I gonna put my car seat no
yeah gonna put my car seat
oh yeah no I don't need this but I
enjoyed looking at them in and enjoy
driving about I don't need this this is
a scary scene right here so let's use
some big dudes right hey this is the
last place you want to walk into right
here yeah you look like you should be
selling those for this is what we do
when we're not filming oh did you hate
one did you see that I just got it
alright so there's one there's one Red
Bull can laugh so I'm just doing some
target shooting oh that's right he ain't
stopping can't stop won't stop bad boy
for life what safe out here officer we
weren't doing anything except exercising
our second time it's not you two get the
hell out of here okay I deal with cops
Olli are you Roman Atwood I've heard of
you
we've seen you around are you gonna give
it can't film Jess you're gonna say that
cuz he loves me you see this mustache
you're gonna fuck around in my territory
through that out for this dedication to
week dedicated hey I'm just looking my
hair back for you guys I hope you know
what do you think a lot of people
talking smack this is a very realistic
prop right here all the way down to even
the shells come out and it's all real
weighted metal come in and like fill up
to where he's standing and then off like
some people on the stairs
let's hear scary stuff
who's gonna run out first reckon I can
be like I could come out to show Sally
I'm out there you wanna move this chair
a little bit closer so someone can get
behind the chairs cover ready to go down
this is the battle scene all the guns
are at you all these people you got a B
we've almost just wrapped on the entire
video I've been waiting to do the
zipline all day and now I think my time
has come
this has just got fun look fantastic now
let's do that what I want to do that
more no you just tuck your legs and hold
on we are wrapping up the night this
place is beautiful look at this that's
what too much money looks like it's
insane it blows my mind I can't get over
it my hair's a wreck you guys think
slicked back or Mohawk or maybe maybe
neither I don't know we're getting out
of here though but before we go what
okay beat him up beat him up beat him up
get away from a guru
okay rubra all right guys wrap it up
tonight can't thank you enough for
hanging out with us today we had an
amazing time a great adventure Kevin
killed a good job with that fro bro dude
you were the pro bro
I was the fro bro you killed it though
today I was what what was that you doing
like was sort of like a New York action
you don't want them no I don't know I
changed my accent every single time
throughout the whole video it's just
like five different Romans so that's
cool it was good I liked I'm not an
actor bro and now like your hair's doing
like a weird thing like it's between the
mohawk and being slick man and I shall
not even gonna put this vlog up fine all
right guys we love you thanks for coming
along we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget smile more guys and
subscribe to his channel yeah good
morning guys just walking to meet my
producer for the movie at a quick
restaurant gonna grab some quick food
and just start the day it's kind of
getting a late start putting up the new
prank and the vlog
