what up guys good morning to you a
beautiful beautiful day downtown LA what
up what up team yeah we're about to
shoot a sketch for bad weather films but
before I get too serious the new street
racing prank should be up on the main
channel so stop what you're doing please
go check it out like it smash it
show your love show them who the
soldiers are so where are we headed
right now the Roosevelt Room town we're
shooting on the roof oh the roof this is
my uh this is my outfit for today
Tally's yeah dang you look good dude I
like that hey you just lifted my spirit
up man that like you walked out like a
is like a Scarface oh oh yeah wait to
you we're headed up to the B I guess the
rooftop pool and uh hey I'm not awesome
holy shit we are walking towards the
rooftop pool to shoot some scenes got
our scripts we're all in character and
we do not have permission to be here so
we're running and gunning with the
Blackmagic cameras it
there's already cheer around this is our
scene right here me and Vitaly getting
ready to do a pool scene I just want to
kick you into the pool ruff
Oh beautiful view we're on top of the
roof you guys ready for this yeah oh so
much for that it's just like filming
pranks you get kicked out as soon as you
start welcome to America bro yeah we
we've already been kicked out we didn't
get what three lines so how did you find
out about it cameras everywhere really
probably a camera three cameras on that
building dude how it just died at first
office whoa see if you can make it
without touching science it's like
playing pinball human pinball
oh shit you lighting it
I want to give all yeah that's lecture
GU nothing you just do a little filming
it's already recorded all you gots to do
is hold it
whose cameras that
can you see where you're going to like I
see where your mic is that encased the
camera we're walking through the camera
or Peter Falls because that's about me I
got it right in your foot drop at least
dude it's so scary dude I can't she got
it ass oh one two three everybody ready
I'm not ready
sorry I'm not gonna get ready and
actually why did you like this why did
you just like one of my why huh are you
what's up dude ah we just wrapped up our
very first scene upstairs on the roof so
hot up there we're all suffering from
heat exhaustion oh yeah
hurry broke it out oh yeah let's get oh
my God look at your lips bro you're sore
where we are guys there's a bus coming
quick
all right fuck your door just a little
place called hand Express one of my
favorite places when we're on the road
God one that's me that's me bro you guys
ever get here I fucking love and Express
I've never heard of this place
I just walked to our second location a
very abandoned warehouse don't know this
is where we this is where we shoot
videos echo hey let go echo all right
you know run run Rudolph all right
action go go go
well this is cool little slider that's
right I got some slider actual oh I love
that camera makes us look so good little
fruit cocktail in ten years that cameras
can be miniaturized to the size of vlog
cameras it's pretty much just a big go
yeah yeah they're ready have a pocket
one that's like this big no way yeah oh
I gotta get that for vlogging and it's
yeah just give me to see what they're
talking about here how good it is it
never goes blurry ah see because it's
nice just nice I might get one of these
this is nice but at night it's like pure
black it's not grainy there's no green
oh you see that fucking green yeah sit
down
ready next take I miss it blue very cool
it's a cool me shut up listen to me
sorry
that's a beautiful guy right in to
character that I made love it what I
look at this guy you could be like in a
boy band or something look at this guy
he's beautiful
it's a beautiful man we're just about
wrapping up here today not much left
we're gonna finish this shoot and a
couple days hopefully at a mansion on
the hills Oh can't wait this is how you
know you're going to the roof just pipes
like that always
oh this is much big generators holy moly
macaroni yeah Tanner would you like with
my phone and camera it's really amazing
up here actually it's pretty cool a
beautiful view
cities so crazy guys so crazy this is
the wanted youtubers this Kelly scary
look at that rap sheet hmm dude cops are
here house cops are here
funny you do we're not doing anything
yeah what up guys have just warped into
the late night and it's time for the
promised to give away I told you guys I
would give away the shark wheels and the
vlog camera that came jacked up he's
still awake by the way and it's now time
to give this stuff away actually first
I'm gonna cut this cookie up and eat it
you eat cookie dough no guys let's start
with the shark wheels
um the first winner and I mean explain
why I picked these if you guys want to
see the challenge I had picking these
and just go to Instagram and type in
shark wheels giveaway hashtag there's so
many there's almost impossible to just
pick three but here we go
first on the list is froggy juice now I
picked froggy juice straight up because
he made me laugh that is the entire
reason he's got a cool board but look at
that gut baby cane knocked all the
cushions off the couch ICU it just
straight-up made me laugh you made me
laugh so froggy juice DM me with that
account probably juice your address and
stuff now I'm hooking you up let's do it
next up is in it
Cooper Cooper in it copper I don't know
from Facebook he put this on my facebook
wall and I think it's another one that
just it's cool it made me laugh and he's
got the whole thing check this out next
up is in it
Cooper Cooper in it copper I don't know
from Facebook he put this on my facebook
wall and I think it's another one that
just it's cool it made me laugh and he's
got the whole thing check this out he is
got the horse head he's dropping clips
out of his hand guns he's got
sector 9 board he's got a smile more
shirt this dude definitely deserves some
wheels so in it with this Facebook
account send me a private message dude
with your dress and everything you're
getting the wheels homie for everybody
that did send pictures thank you they're
all great they're all awesome except for
everybody that just downloaded photos
and and and put them up we can you can
tell you can tell don't try to fool me
all right guys last one for the shark
wheel giveaway I'm not even gonna try to
say your name cuz I'm gonna mess it up
terribly but it's this guy right there's
your name dude and you are really in
love with your board man you got the
chick she's got her undies on and the
bra and you are just so happy but what
would really complete your your babe
right there is a pair of shark wheels so
it's all yours I need a I need a direct
message from you with your address from
that account
alright guys like I said that was nearly
impossible to pick winners those those
just all made me smile and feel good and
I went to their profiles made sure they
weren't download they were like legit
pictures taken for this contest so it's
really happy to give those those guys
the winners and of course there was
thousands and thousands of you that
submitted thank you
of course I'm gonna do more stuff so
let's move on to the busted-up vlog
camera that kane destroyed first of all
let me explain i asked you guys to leave
a comment on why you watch the channel
and and uh there's twenty three thousand
eight hundred and sixty comments which
makes it impossible for me to go through
and read every comment so here's what I
did
as a youtuber I can look at fans and
engagements and how much they like your
chin I click on fans and then I can
click on engagement who are the most
engaged fans on my entire vlog channel
and these are the top dogs so then I
began looking at what they last
commented on I can tell you right now
that these three are the most active
users on my entire vlog channel which is
freaking awesome
I think these top guys deserve something
so that's gonna be the next giveaway who
is the most active user I'm telling you
that right now I can look at how long
they've been subscribed make a long
story short I'm able to narrow down most
active fans and people that comment and
have been subscribed the longest like
and share my videos the most and that's
how I picked this winner because I can't
read all these comments on fortune I'd
never expect 23,000 comments so the
winner of the vlog camera is look more
chocolate cookies yeah it's Jason Eric
ha let's go to us Channel Oh Jason Eric
Hawkins alright I feel like I got a real
fan here and that makes me happy I'm
sending it to somebody that is really
gonna hold on to it in and love and love
it so Debbie said that's all the winners
are Jason Eric I'm sending you a message
right now actually sick
you get out of your unnie but honey but
it's a funny scene and run around
underwear now without diapers so alright
guys if I called your name make sure you
message me with that exact account if
it's not that exact account I'm not
going to reply I love you guys that's
gonna end my day and please please
please show love to the winners no hate
yes I do more contest we'll get you next
time and I got to figure out an easy way
to do this stuff because it's just too
hard as too many comments you guys the
soldiers are powerful way powerful I
underestimate you guys I love you I will
see you tomorrow thanks always for
liking and support me guys my family
come here cane come here come here
whoa tell-tell the roman soldiers say I
love you I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
smama smama smama smama smama smama
smama guys if you're looking for a nice
affordable car that you can just buy
it's this one right here very reasonable
very cheap whoa how'd you guys get in
here
