what up guys good morning it is early a
shit which actually catching the sunrise
right now something's coming up we're
headed to Venice Beach today we got a
shoot I got a cough drop in forgive me I
got a hat on what you probably never
seen so yeah let's go let's take you on
a journey today we are just waiting to
officially go film check this up ever
seen Donuts like that you guys want some
donuts we got a bunch please please
please get in there big game thanks if
it means anything I didn't bomb up
yourself though dude nah I'm good I feel
a man we're at Dan's donuts today I'll
leave this let's let's show their people
were
I should be filming a prank for the
movie here for a few hours today and I
hopefully get one big epic reaction and
then headed off to Venice Beach do this
is still so excited guys yo so as we
wait I'm doing a little vlog style for
you I know you guys have been missing it
you may notice yesterday's vlog in the
day before we had a lot of audio issues
with our camera chase actually just went
on a run we're buying a new mic I can't
stand it either a lot of headphone users
i watch them with everyone's doing it
sucks it's terrible so we apologize for
that there should be no more mic issues
from here on out and I'm gonna do a
little vlog in a mixed today so let's do
that
how's this sound guys be honest
headphone users JC's got the new mic on
it's a cute like lazy adorable in your
hands we need to get in front of a
mirror I mean I see the walk-in where's
the same audio sync it up yeah this is
the cutest I want to show you guys the
cute little Mikey got it actually looks
adorable on you bro it's adorable
it's 10:30 now it's been three hours of
us waiting for production to be ready
cameras audio equipment it's just a big
deal soon as they say we're ready we're
kicked out we're kicked out even with
permits and weeks of lead lead time
there they're removing us so the coal
crew is pretty pissed right now this is
what producers look like when we're
being run out of situations trying to
find a new spot you have to have permits
for everywhere which I don't know what's
going on with the permit but we have to
move locations
just be happy dude I'm happy
shooting movie I just don't like the
sun's already here and it's gonna go
there really soon real fast car
in route I know you guys can't taking
that serious with this half dude
we are pulling up to our new location
we're actually going to move everything
took three hours to set that location up
camera hides yeah we're at our new
location it's carwash it's a weird spot
actually Hey
yo Barry said that we're gonna go to
Venice Beach yeah I hope some hot junkie
ah so me to go really no that's per day
he'll assess soon fucking bullshit it's
illegal to have our prank and public has
to be on private property so we have to
have an owner allow us to shoot the
actual it's a little different than
YouTube YouTube we just run and gun all
over and this this movie world you have
to have permits for everything stuff for
a prank that we're doing it's going to
be a bit that can't be pulled in public
has to be in private property so we have
to find a store owner to allow us to do
this prank on his property basically
so long story short ride our best prank
you ever pulled yeah yeah we're about to
hit a lunch spot actually outdoor grill
maybe yeah I'll do it grow over here -
no check this out huh
this is my man right here my man say hi
hey how are you
look at this do you think you know how
to grill this guy knows how I grew up
thank you thank you I swear we're eating
lunch come up here I think I look a
Christian gonna get a little hectic up
here and art and Barry you just growl oh
it's ribs massive launch dude shown the
plates ridiculous lunch we're all we're
all eating like spoiled rotten keys now
you're on camera T now you're on camera
come on bro you got it you got to do it
I just walked by this guy's scared to
jump off this look wall and I know you
can do it I'll catch you you don't make
you something kill it let's help and use
our shoulders use our shoulders ready
just give me a hand
I'm scared
all right don't do it if you do ya get
on this guy's truck get on the sched
truck yeah yeah yeah now turn and jump
that way oh you've gotta give me five
bro I knew you had it while we're still
on lunch we are running over to a little
pharmacy area to get some stuff that we
need back to the wind and back to the
windy logs do do do do do do dude we're
on our way back and we are late bro
we're gonna get fired
I may get fired office and there's not a
part oh it's a springy spot oh shit
there's our whole crew waiting sitting
there I'm going out right now this is
one of our vans here we go see all these
people signing releases got a pretty
decent reaction at Tom all day for three
reactions so far like these are all
release teams she's a release team so
she's trying to get him to sign a
release any buddy in the video even if
they walked by has somebody that goes
after them for a release it's intense
so so yeah instead of wrapping on this
bit we're going to stay here we're gonna
skip Venice Beach today
bump it to a later date since this rig
is very big and it's a big setup we're
gonna stay here for a few more hours
it'll be worth it I promise guys I
promise the way it's gonna be worth it I
got to get out of this wardrobe I look
like whoo hang on hang on I know it I
know I know it's uh you just told me the
edge it's Mike he's got a wig on he's
got a wig on this is Mike please Michael
he's gonna tell ya Michael he's gonna be
helping us today with a new pose my
hands Rachel actually came in audition
for the movie and we're uh she's gonna
help us out with a bit a prank that
we're doing oh I don't know what it is
hell she's super funny and uh fast like
improv she's quick
she's quick she always knows what to say
at all the right times like right now
I'm a big sloppy OCD early no wrong
angle you got here this way okay ready
wait what you just is Rachel and she's
gonna help us with a prank today more
reactions just collecting what collect
and fishing like I know there's a lot of
different types of fishermen but fishing
for humans is the hardest one you got it
the right bait usually women and money
work good if that don't work you can go
with food housing if that don't work
offer transportation that don't work and
I don't know what to tell you
thank you okay well if I can bring all
the fuckers you know it's been great
having a homeless guy it's nice thing to
keep everyone employed yeah like you
know you give me saltines I bring guys
right off the streets to help us make
this movie this guy I was eating my own
feces came up to me he's like doing a
saltines and outside what the fuck is is
like just standing for the camera doing
this shit I'll give you some crackers
maybe some crack a little water no you
do me a favor though yeah I'm gonna give
you actually a loaf of bread okay just
you can just write out Natural Born
prankster mean I never made a lot of
this burger but I'll try to fuck yeah is
this a whole loaf of it yeah a whole
loaf I'll give you butter yeah
good the next time we see it it should
be natural raises the spell totally
wrong he's a fan of me and I happen to
be a fan of what he does he runs the
live show for Nitro Circus some part of
it I don't know exactly what he does
cool we are wrapping up today man we
actually did great I'm happy well now I
just got to finish my prank for my
channel for you
yeah yes right this way guys all
speeding natural morphs prankster whoa
end of a day three awesome
that's how you end the day so you guys
know how we had to move locations today
well even with permits and everything
sometimes the police do show up and this
is where you better have that permit so
we'll be covered will be covered will be
free to film here see he's leaving now
that's where the movie production comes
in we're kind of like in a safety net
the movie just holds us in this net we
can do pretty much whatever we want what
up dude
I had to come over and put you in my
blog Thank You Man
you watch all the bids yeah yeah he's
been Emily in every soaps
oh nice yo we're about to drop a prank
with Kane that's gonna oh yeah take over
the Internet listen so he got to pretty
much watch all day couldn't really see
what we're doing I can release but you
were here all right everything yet this
sounds pretty dope I want to come over
say hi what's your name man Ricardo nice
hard Oh bro you're awesome man thanks
sport bro whenever we're talking and I
wish I feel small more beautiful yeah
next time bro next time meeting you had
to come over and say hi man he's a big
fan he's been having to watch all day we
couldn't come over and say hi so yeah I
just want to point one more thing out
hey guys see ya I just want to point one
out one thing out where we're filming
today the place is called handi cheese I
don't know why I find that perverse hmm
excuse me do you know where that the
blue
the black bar you would buy the black
bar
okay okay feels really good and really
weird to be holding this camera that I'm
holding right now how do you think today
went man it's awesome today was fun
that's old-school Frank summers fun day
this is so fun we had twenty five crew
members today that's insane
it's killing me not to tell you guys
what we do each day like yeah you've
seen us as cops yes shitty you don't
know what we did it's killing me not to
tell you what we did today but I hope
you're enjoying the vlogs this way today
there's a little switch up somebody hold
the camera mostly chase on the camera
but chases footage is bomb and now with
the new mic fixed hopefully we won't
know until tonight but uh yeah I'm
excited we're going to go wrap up Kane's
prank tonight hopefully and get that
edited and uploaded ASAP I'm more
excited about that than anything oh we
get this we get this dialed in and you
guys are gonna love it
yeah no you don't you're not old your
glasses right how you gonna make the
audio better I'm talking about my
glasses phone
yeah I think it's about time to talk
about this is that dude look at dinner
Casey
Casa della chicken quesadillas what are
you waiting for bro and I got hot sauce
this time I didn't have it last night
that's great great cooking on a storm in
the kitchen go try it
mmm whoa boy you think I'm in love I'm
in love with that your honor
oh that's good
I'm gonna be honest that's the best kiss
the ever and best taste um I ran to the
dinner is over when you try to wrap up
this prank tonight I don't know we need
a lot more clips - I've just been
editing we definitely need a lot one
clip so see what happens baby Kane's
getting in his wardrobe
ready Kane we're gonna do he wants the
other night we're back on that mic game
huh yeah dude you got your favorite
knife we drove to a new location tonight
maybe on the sidewalks we did we did a
park last night and there's a lot of
people so we're gonna try a quiet
sidewalk see what happened yeah
get your shadow boy in Philly yeah all
right guys once again we've warped into
the apartment
we should have filmed more tonight but
work or fast-forward no we were
butchered up dude no it's always we
warped so tonight chase was on camera I
was on camera Britney helps came with
his parts telling him like where to run
and where to go and so we really didn't
shoot we didn't vlog at all it's just
behind the scenes camera I'll put on the
book I'll put it on the channel when we
upload I will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for hanging out thanks for loving
likes on these up flaws tell me in the
comments today what do you like better
me vlogging like this or the big bad
Canon 5d in my face you tell me hey dude
alright guys I love you don't forget
keep smiling even big old smile on that
face smile more go dude your guns fake
maybe is it fake because isn't worth it
for you to determine those fake yeah if
you want to make that decision right now
we can go that route you got
