what up guys thanks for coming back for
a new day we are not stopping right we
don't stop stop no time for no time for
stopping although not all of us get to
sleep as long as others what do you need
time to get up today GPU it was kind of
tired if I didn't have a two-year-old I
would have got up at 2:00 p.m. as well
but Brittany let me sleep till 10:00
which is huge for me that's sleeping in
uh edited all day it's like 3 o'clock 4
o'clock today so we're just getting
started
of course we couldn't go far without
eating first fool erectus who-- what is
this place what did you know got some
green tea to go cuz we parked in a legal
parking spot and luckily we didn't get a
ticket so we're headed now out of here
these are my favorite roads in LA man
all the roads with the tall palms it's
beautiful with the chipper aashica in
the background and the foreground I you
know how to get Vitaly to run a red
light dude is that Nutella where
it's got to a little place called
Hollywood Boulevard where it's always
busy and packed full of people but
there's a really cool prop costume
awesome magic shop down here it kind of
inspires new prank ideas and fun stuff
that we don't normally do so we're gonna
go check it out there's nothing you
can't get in this store man everything
you can think of these thoughts not
scary anything you can think of oh my
yeah just drop over
like to just put these all over Brittany
while she sleeps she probably freaked
out Brittany said she needed some new
clothes maybe I'll pick up a new outfit
I don't know I don't know which one I
like well this one looks pretty nice
which president do you want to be hello
I don't even know what that is
stop by our office for up for a quickie
and look how clear to this freaking
places today
whew I'm sorry I'm sorry Ohio to have to
say this but look at this this is where
we work oh my gosh it's all it's
sickening
it's sickening just disgusting that's
what it is what you're sickening I like
how you got my size that's cute you
should put it on put it on it maybe yeah
Mitali got himself a new wetsuit for
surfing fat guy in a little coat do you
look like she'd be racing jetski so I
couldn't go to the movies huh no I don't
know I don't know no just got home and
Brittany and I are gonna meet up with
Kevin and Batali and Kevin's girlfriend
and I think one of the Tally's buddies
I'm not sure but Kane are you gonna go
hang out with Vitelli mom you're gonna
stay with her all right there you have
it we're gonna have him tell his mom
she's offered to be awesome and help us
out tonight so that we can go to the
movies Kane's pumped Kane where'd you go
well not in there huh I hear him not
maybe he's in here no you're snorting
like a pig
nah he's not in the dishwasher part
the other here on top of the fridge no
no is the freezer Kane was so excited to
come over here I can't believe how
excited you've been
he's like yelling at us to leave are you
go you're gonna hang out here and play
thanks for watching Oh such a huge help
this is your favorite game you know how
to play show me Wow
it's gonna bring up memories like a
little Batali my god I forgot
nothing like like wait Patel he's still
the same age he's just bigger this is
bigger oh man this is good good news dog
is rocking Christo don't care about
nothing close to me the water party was
supposed to be some lotion but it's a
baby just got to Mattel is what's up
Houston yeah there we go
give me the other one in the bloopers
dude what movie are we gonna see tonight
leather because let's be cops that's
right Kevin you did a video for them I
did do a prank for let's because it was
also yeah he got to be a cop I'm jealous
okay I'm deleting my main channel time
of giant cheers cheers to the movie
night whoa and drinking is homeless to
me yeah this is the best cup of water
I've ever had by the way thanks bro I
need color I mean I can't drink in
public your container Oh
ramen is that an alcoholic beverage your
hands prove it it's uh it's red barn
have you guys seen the weight room
weight room no because you guys don't go
there
we're at the place called the Grove it's
a pretty cool place I've showed this in
my blog before I don't know you
cheesecake ah I hate having a parent
with a cheese steak yeah I see I see I
what several kitchen to you Oh selfie
what is this selfie it's something going
to say was that something new a whole
snapchat he's going fancy fancy by some
Moree woman to do buy something nice you
know what I like most about hanging out
with Kevin what what what do you like
hanging out about because if his awesome
walk because of my awesome one oh my god
Britney session another guy dude I just
draw a picture yeah sure you're in my
blog - oh thanks I watch them almost
every day awesome almost almost every
day all right all right
this is what happens to you default
Sally's a new man he's a new man this is
what happens when Batali has way too
many alcoholic beverages right and he
overdoses on the vodka and my popcorn oh
my god I'm another one big mouth you are
from cetera you're a big fan yeah I
watch everyone from Saudi Arabia you
guys just watch YouTube all day yeah
that's awesome you guys want to pay bird
Fatali oh yeah y'all I think I'm gonna
try to feed before I go in there's one
right there
where right there there the flowers in
the bathroom are amazing they're amazing
I just got to give these to Brittany
there's just so beautiful I got you some
flowers baby oh my god your boyfriend is
so goddamn romantic I keep it I can't
believe it oh you know what I hate about
going to the movies in a vlog they only
last one second that's it one second
later the movies over what'd you guys
think
I liked it I it was pretty funny it's
all right it wasn't for stars funny but
it's still pretty fun four stars
no it wasn't forced no I'm not saying it
was what I think I think it's just a
good movie like it's just a good movie
yeah it's like I'm not invite bragging
about it but decide yeah like you pay
put it that's the big big selfie party
yeah
where you guys from Saudi Arabia yeah
that's right so we just had to stop and
get Kane he is not that Harold I think
he had a great time yeah he partied it
up alright guys we just warped into the
late evening I'm passing out I'm
exhausted I got to sleep soon thanks for
coming along today
thanks for so much support you guys seem
like you love the new prank we've got
tons more coming I got a new on Monday
the street-racing prank and god I love
you guys you're killing it and every
time I put up a video you just show so
much love and it means the world to me I
will see you tomorrow don't forget he's
smiling smile more guys I love you
hahaha well you look i ticky getting for
free tires will help that's definite
yeah gift card enjoy yeah yeah
