welcome to the vlog guys welcome to the
most ridiculous gloomy rainy stormy cold
day it's like ammonia whether it's like
misty cold em what's up bud
your name should have been a or E or
from poo on guys come with me anyway
it's pure smile more chaos today so
let's go in here look at that doors open
and right on time it's usually a little
chaotic in here when a new product comes
out yesterday we released dad hats and
what are you rocking right now white hat
yeah better than the blue holy on black
black on black action Chase is about to
knock out some photos I think anything
we just got which is incredible flash
what's pretty typical day actually new
hat did more hats just come I got more I
thought that was it that's good timing
good timing great parking we got all
this parking lot and everyone smashed in
here mister candy man doing his thing
eating the candy a couple boxes need to
be moved but I just now got paid right
done Chase is in here rocking out the
brand new or we gotta redo the cover
photo for our website because their new
keys came in which is now my all-time
favorite how are you gonna ever beat
that case it's pretty that's the
greatest cell phone case of all time
you've been really tired lately show me
the lighter out of the light alright
bright so I love this case this was my
favorite these cases are great but now
but boom that is the hottest tie-dye
splatter case I've ever seen you wanna
you want one you want here take it take
it with you come on take it
yep here jurors so basically now we got
these awesome splatter phone cases which
means we have to redo the I'm so sorry I
need to just get out of here it's not my
league
he didn't want the case he didn't take
it away though he wants you want your
sucker he smells your breath dance with
me baby dance with me in this room right
here Bryan building building building
all you do is build building Bryan just
got your new name this is a bunch of
stuff we got yesterday at the store if
you watch yesterday's vlog these are the
chefs in stony just bit a look at all
these pieces that instantly means that
I'm like when I open a box and I just
dump it on mom now hey you're gonna love
the build stuff around here not anymore
now since bill Bryant came round how do
we never see this like somebody okay
somebody made that wait my camera looks
bright what the heck's going on all
these nails and then ran all these
strings across that's cool I love that
spooky Halloween somebody burnt all this
into that wood I don't even think of
that
yeah here late here for a second oh
really
renewing
Oh what's gonna work ready three two one
oh it is so cool they're literally the
best you guys are the best the best ever
you guys send us the coolest stuff oh
you're busted to the wall oh I knew that
I knew I was gonna tell you you have to
cover up okay this is I you gotta cover
up the face cuz of me I love the art but
you got to cover up the face on thing
look once you put that on there then you
got this splatter going around your pop
socket I think it's cool but what do you
think about multi multi splice oh you
think it's better I can't decide on
black or multi oh this is how I'm
settling that is that's my favorite wait
tell me you like it tell me you like it
Wow what do we got here is that swimsuit
he's not gonna fit you know I'm not
racing all right we're racing that's it
you better run would you do what happen
you don't race me baby you know it's
gonna have when I cast a spell on you oh
my god and under that tent stand under
the tent oh you're gonna get wet sure
almost almost
nice job Oh handy lady handy lady
where's our matching hat swimming
matching hats to see it I didn't last
long she's awake here we go
here's Eliza's Eliza you look like a
princess
Cora's first hat she ever put a hat on
oh she's shaking her head don't really
look happy about it
hi baby oh my god
she's like who woke me up you woke is
loony toony she got daddy's ears just
rid of you even I'm a little lost here
let me let me let me just fill in the
viewers real fast high country just got
back from Florida and apparently there
was a bet made and I wasn't part of the
bet it was between Brian and country
yeah if Ohio State won versus Penn State
you had to shave your beard that is
correct
now if if Penn State won you had to
shave your eyebrows which is a crazy bet
that's a crazy bed and Penn State was
playing away playing Ohio State at home
in Ohio State was favored by seven
points okay he said he's giving me the 7
point I didn't give you a seven hang on
was the bet this is the key way I take
the bet
so this is what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
live up to my better bargain but this is
my point okay yeah if I have to shave my
beard okay if I have to shave my beard
okay you need to own up because you gave
me the seven points on something I
didn't do the seven points it was a win
or lose
you giving me the point spread right I
don't know I have no idea we look at the
video
yeah I saw I throw the point spread out
there no all right so to clarify you're
saying the bet was if they want a loss
that's that you're saying there's a
seven-point spread I don't even know
what that means but there's a there's a
point system going on let me say this
the country got shaved a bit cuz you
have shaded me in that video say you
should here I get the seven-point spread
all right right
do your magic hang on hang on this is
raw evidence on the BET right here if
they win she was like Don King scores
like I do not condone these activities
I'll play that again play that again
hang on I want to hear that but no it
sounded to me like you were pretty
confident with the voice print you can
shave it right now then what Monday yeah
cuz you want to know why there's a bump
shaving it and since you won't put that
camera on me one two three the hardest
workout ever
the clip is ready you guys gonna call me
I will do never shave but at the end of
the day you guys are working hard you
don't have to leave though that's okay
there's gotta be something he can do to
redeem himself I'll leave it up to these
guys see if they come up with some what
good country do one what is it
Thanksgiving
we got a whole turkey up in here Oh mom
I am mom by hey girl
so is there anything that you guys
didn't think country could do to keep
his beard bigger than the bike that was
that was death-defying that's how he got
out of the buggy there's about the bar
it's time for fish tank talks with Cora
Atwood
get her Korra get her Korra guys thank
you so much for being part of today a
crazy bet between Bryan and country
which is so funny to me because I wasn't
a part I was never a part I'd even know
about it
Brittany was able to pull it all up on
the cameras to verify who was right who
was wrong and it is so funny to me that
they've made that bet both terrible bets
Vivian said thanks for watching today
thanks for being a part of our everyday
lives our family and everything that we
do from our company to our life just
everything you guys are here I love you
we wouldn't be where we are without you
we will see you tomorrow thanks again
just thank you thank you thank you thank
you you are beautiful you are one of a
kind smile mwah
you
