what up guys good morning I'm starting
my day off with Chinese food that's
crazy
every time I eat Chinese I get addicted
to it for like weeks see if I can scare
Brittany
it's too easy buddy
I scared mommy didn't I yeah you want me
to sit there I'm gonna go get you food
hang on got some fans waiting out here
are you sure I'm gonna hook this fan up
with my smile more glasses bigger bro
some smile more shades hey ha there's
another killer squirrel he's a killer
squirrel then see ya hey do you know
where we are right now for it we're at
Batali's mom's house and Brittany are
working on some projects hey you like
the puppies come every week come here
you got a really hype this one up to get
it over here
he was hiding from is you can use each
abrasca is it Chiba rasca just stop by a
local park here let Keynes burn some
energy this apartment life doesn't give
the kids a lot of like run time so we're
gonna let him spin his wheels for a
little bit this is actually one of the
parks I film the flashing children prank
right here it's a really nice park and
it's also one of the world's largest
litter boxes I'm sure cats come from
miles just to take a dump here
let's go down the world's largest slide
one and that's it that's all day Oh
mommy's going mommy's going run he's out
of there oh that's pretty good size wall
running into Walgreens it's one of them
days where I'm like why am i vlogging
it's just literally just a day and
normal day but if I don't flog you as I
kill me
paintballs machine guns you name it whoo
I am oh my hand hold my hand
oh my so if you guys want to know a
really cool trick and this is awesome
take baby powder to the beach
if you get sand on you you just put it
on it takes it right the wet sand that
you can't get off yeah just wash your
hands with it or wash whatever with it
your feet put this on it gone it's a
brand-new skin amazing cane this ready
ready oh man look
ready
I got a fart I'm starting to think I'm
not the best influence on my kids
they're having fun
sinner you just send them out on the
streets with that bang his pranks would
probably get triple the views on it what
is it
so we wash our clothes yeah
soap don't don't put it in your face
doing that laundry and in it alright
guys it's time I'm going to give away
the wheels in case you missed blogs and
vlogs ago I've been holding onto these
shark wheels for long boards for a long
time and I'm finally going to give them
away today they're these awesome skate
wheels I love them they're just
different they flick out rocks they go
over cool stuff and uh they're awesome
what can I say but I got three sets here
red blue orange I'm gonna give them away
and I think the best way to do that is I
want the coolest best photo you can get
of you and your board that's it the best
photo the best three photos is getting a
set and I'm going to send them anywhere
in the world so send me your cool photos
it's as simple as that I'm gonna pick my
favorites and send them out let's see I
think the best way to do it is you can
post them to any social network with a
hashtag I guess Twitter Instagram
Facebook I guess you can just leave them
on my wall I don't know but just hashtag
shark wheel giveaway and I'll be able to
find all the photos and I'll pick my
favorites we'll run this until how about
till Friday give you a whole week and
I'll announce the winner this weekend
okay so go have fun be creative or just
send me your photo maybe I'll like it
have fun with it
oh yeah one thing I should add is these
are 70 millimeter wheels so I think
they're definitely designed for a longer
board I mean this isn't even that long
this board um compared to a penny board
I guess it's it's really not that long
alright guys really don't have anything
else for you today it's been just a very
laid-back simple day I like you sure
don't you judge we got Kane to sleep
been doing laundry and just resetting
from everything that's been going on
we'll start fresh tomorrow funky fresh
make it fun exciting I don't
I can't promise anything I love you guys
thanks for hanging out thanks for always
liking the bids thanks for your love but
see you tomorrow don't forget to smile
more he's smiling
we're shooting the breastfeeding scene
oh we actually do it all having all this
stuff online yeah no no oh you got the
lotion oh yeah sure here
