what's up guys good morning to you we
are off for a little adventure today
you ready uh-huh we're going sip lining
and Catalina little island off the coast
of Los Angeles California so there we go
got the Alex's this is pretty much the
whole reason we're going on this trip
today yeah it's all because of this guy
it was his birthday about three weeks
ago two weeks ago like that yeah - first
the 30th of September and we've all just
been so busy we haven't been on to make
it happen so it works out and that was
here a bunch of friends we're all gonna
go have fun we're on our way to a Long
Beach what's the place gone yeah we're
going to Long Beach go into the port
okay that work well in the Long Beach
the Long Beach to the port or is it Long
Beach yeah just tell me where it is they
log downtown Long Beach port port or
lumpy each
play your head and long beach support
where we get on a boat yes it's about an
hour hour and fifteen minute boat ride
to Catalina not bad
look
took full speed
did your bloom the Catalina Express a
little airport in here lots of people
headed to Catalina today we're boarding
about some parents I did a lecture
done
like maybe second we're moving dude
we're moving like I feel like we're on a
plane like I have that feeling like yeah
we're on the runway it's a very rare
occasion you get to see the Titanic in
person when you leave this porc
there it is
full diam stinking so bad
why don't is only pick the nitrogen yeah
it's a little murky card from all the
boats see the bright orange fish
this place does not feel like America as
a different feeling really cool we have
no idea where we're actually going just
walking before we head up in these
mountains we're gonna stop and get a
little bit of food fill our bellies fill
our guts
imagine if you just fell into that how
much to just run and jump into it
topless wait why that's which I hear I'd
rather do it like a real mountain man
this place is really pretty really
pretty ready dude look awesome
you want your hoodie to look like a
miner bro you should be doing this yeah
you should be doing the citrus stuff
ready you're sending guy today this
handsome devil over there is Ray he's
going to oversee the stopping and
braking process so here's how this works
guys we have five lines for you yes and
we do what we get to ride the crazy
off-road Humvee
go ahead go ahead
you ready me and Noah are gonna go down
together
it had to be 80 pounds he was 71 pounds
we're gonna have fun together completely
501 all right you want to go no you
ready yeah
this is just the baby on ya first the
starter out of you and when you step off
of the platform he's just naturally
gonna float right onto your lap okay
don't wrap your legs around him okay
when you're going into the brake shy
away from that but he's gonna just float
he can even be sideways on you but he's
going to naturally float right between
your knees okay okay so we just drop off
that's right
uh-uh that was rad did here comes Britt
good job
what'd you think that was really fun
it's actually really comfortable yeah
like you feel real secure and Wow oh
this is be the longest of the day 1055
feet across good 25 30 seconds please
don't stare at me for 35 30 seconds
that's the bad ride hey Sheree when you
zip across when she's fast until such a
the right
give me a beautiful beauty enjoy
Oh
they didn't make it all the way it was a
riot man so fun Jeff um buddy it was
awesome you're fun baby yeah beautiful
views nice and cool Alex look stunning
as usual we are about to hike down I
only want to leave this place they got
this giant rock climbing wall down there
so much for your new converse least we
wore old shoes take us home you're like
oh we're only like 20 miles away from LA
no you're not yeah we're that what make
oh you know what it is you don't make
that you add a rock to it so it's just
the coal wishing rock the night is
winding down this place is breathtaking
so pretty no one's looking for a good
rock because somebody started a wishing
stack I don't know if you guys have ever
seen these but you stat you stack these
rocks and then you make a wish when you
set your rock down but in order for your
wish to come true somebody else has to
come and put a rock on top of yours if
you believe in that kind you have to
make a wish and put it on top but you
can't knock it down it's like Ginga
you got it
nice you just made that person's wish
come true you have to wait till somebody
puts yeah the entire population on this
island is right here you're looking at
it the rest of this island is nothing
but mountains with nothing and it kind
of like where we went ziplining and they
actually said there's more deer on this
island than people that's pretty cool
yeah and they pretty much just drive
golf carts and motorcycles they got an
arcade
bringing back some she fell for the
puppy what are you getting uh these are
all pretty kiddush for you
dude spongebob slap bracelet dollar I'm
after a long hard day we're gonna eat it
Steve Steakhouse boss the Wicked Witch
here is Jeremy that's awesome nice
romantic setting other than being
extremely loud yeah that's nice it's
just loud nice
this is loud I can't believe I've missed
the school conversation they're down
here eating flowers no well you're good
no how was the flower Noah fireworks you
know that smell weird
yeah thanks how they taste how it smells
happy birthday hey guys happy birthday
we got two birthdays sing happy birthday
to you happy birthday to you
I feel like we've definitely gotten like
our days worth here oh yeah like it were
still here yeah no I come here this is a
tapi maker stretching floppy hump how
bad you just want to get in there
I like the Halloween Jason little
pumpkins they even know there's this
many flavors of this stuff I buy two
tattoos at the arcade and they happen to
match the lunch pail did you buy those
you take the yellow flavor how about
some a woman's oh I like butterscotch
smell that oh my gosh it smell so does
y'all breaker bigger jawbreakers giant
burger baby jawbreakers Britney's been
wanting us knife set for a long time I
feel like she's gonna make me her knife
set one day it's weird that they have
that here so Brandon had to teach Noah
that the little jawbreakers fit into a
straw
whoa Oh our ship just got in I'm not
really ready to leave this place was a
beautiful definitely yeah we should come
back here romantic style romantics down
oh oh oh
that songs so old now that's what she
said
Oh
back on the boat this is a cool boat man
wait Alex when you on a boat like this
know what Wow say bye Catalina huh huh
how long we'll be coming back for you
Catalina we're coming back it actually
feels like a lounge there I can get him
in the head don't blame me all right
we're off the boat and we're headed home
baby it's been a fun day man it's so
late already we stuff that we have a
long drive back to Alex's and then the
long drive back to our place well this
party really died it's like we have this
place to herself huh just like has
literally been playing full-speed all
day all day just won't wear out he's so
happy
that hill crashing music hello
and six minutes now it's your birthday
the big-10 still got six more minutes in
Ohio you're already taking two more
minutes two more minutes are you still
awake
can you plate so hard today it's your
birthday dude we're gonna make it we're
gonna make it home to get you to bed
happy birthday buddy no is ten it's
crazy I mean tomorrow will be I think
tomorrow will really really kick in but
technically it's midnight it's your
birthday
all right guys in light of that we're
gonna end the vlog it is midnight we're
gonna drive home and get some sleep
um I think we're all like they were all
sleep talking and walking and driving
I guess it's all we got for today thanks
for coming along on the journey with us
today and thanks for the love we will
see tomorrow until then smile more oh
there's no room for mistakes
whoa is there some pretty horses he's
