what's up guys good morning mr. Rhodey
picking us up taking node to the office
today v-dog got the natural born
pranksters all in one little tiny car
yeah I just started
uber yeah he's extra time you know
between the movies and things he's super
driver driving over now which is
convenient for me because I always need
a ride we're always gonna hang out
painting all our mass meeting time
meeting time meeting time I was hooking
it up plant some minecraft while daddy's
working yeah so this is a homeless
paradise right here I guess you can bet
how much is the past coughs it's the end
of the road it's got to be a $35 pass
for couple weeks few weeks so if you're
homeless you can save up enough money 35
bucks to basically live freely in these
mountains right that's about the gist of
it they just have to go out and get new
water and then they go back in
would you ever live in the mountains you
would
so Jordan one of my producers he has a
son to the same age as Noah and they've
just been having a blast today you got
that do some cool stuff we're out in the
middle of the mountains I've no idea
Constanta clothes see we don't need to
lose you this is awesome down here Wow
oh my gosh down bro oh there's no room
for mistakes
whoa there's some pretty horses he's
awesome who said it's like a donkey no
worse he's amazing
us little beetles dug this hole
I'll be he's gonna survive on what is
that take some punches or yeah so this
is like a kids Playhouse and then really
you like our big cheeseburger you like
our big cheeseburger this is first time
he's ever ever been on one of these roof
ooh yeah oh you got it in Metallica's
show you some cool tricks you should
show him a trick
oh he's got flip-flops come Batali's
good on the board a lot better than I am
a lot better than I you mean we got
Vitelli helmet
take him out taken out bands like this
folded over so other than location
scouting we're just wrapping up our day
here at the office gonna be our last day
here until the movie starts on Monday
kept fun today
whoa that's a good way to do it
chef fun today Hollywood Hollywood you
remember coming down here yeah space is
a lot of jurors prana a Taurus hey
there's new people every day I know but
how come there's need to be a filter
when people like everyone every verse in
the world seeing this place again
stopped
it's always busy like no matter what day
get it done it without that song why
wait how did you guys time that I don't
know I just I just yeah there was
traffic side you I saw that look at that
I saw the dark alley I was like yo yo we
gotta we gotta
there's always time to stop for food we
didn't really do a food blog today so
let's go
did you got so much food I'll give you
$20 if you can eat all that 20 bucks
that's a bet right would you give me $20
no dude there won't even be a plate left
when you're done I don't think you're
even close dude I feel like you've
wasted all your food I told you to tell
his plate would be gone by the time you
woo this our place now we own it don't
you guys just make just just do what
you've been wanting to do forever
that's what happens with the restaurants
just yours this is our place now Matt oh
alright Noah's not going to waste all
this food
you're not we're gonna air alright
how was got his food Fisk Ali finish
metalia myself got him a full chicken
wait what is this chicken and mac and
cheese
oh he's gonna be happy tonight
alright we out of here you gonna hook
them up no huh maybe I shouldn't film it
because people just say we only do it
because it's on camera actually the
funny thing is no wanted to ask this guy
here if he needed food for the time man
wake up that's all yours man here you go
that's some breakfast maybe Cristobal
some big hot chicken with mac and cheese
big hot chicken man yes sir
sleep good it's the nicest guys there
always if you guys come to Jack and
Jill's you better hook him up huh
no he's he's hiding well that doesn't
surprise me I bet I know right where he
is
think you can find Kane
maybe you guys had a party in here today
that's Kanan Momo I didn't go to the
girls room
hey toy box Noah we are getting the
GoPros ready for tomorrow we are going
to what's the island Catalina it's an
island about an hour it's 22 miles off
the coast it's 22 miles but on a boat it
takes an hour
it's an hour rod you're gonna get
seasick green vest we are going to
Catalina it's us it's an island it's 22
miles off the coast here and they do
everything there scuba diving blah blah
blah but we are going I'm taking this
Tiger - while we're going sip lining
yeah and yeah Cannes - little but uh
yeah I wish we could take the monkey
though the trees yeah a little banana
look at this place
every couple minutes it just gets worse
all right guys it's that time again
gotta feed the family tonight we got
Hulu Plus hooking us up hooking you up
with two weeks free Hulu if you haven't
heard of Hulu I mean where have you been
Hulu Plus is hooking it up they got all
the newest shows even the current shows
things that are still on TV
at the mini-project Modern Family
Brittany loves that I asked you to buy
the seasons Modern Family
well now you can watch it faster anyway
yeah like the newest shows even current
shows that are still on TV The Voice
Family Guy Modern Family's law what
where's flash where the flash you've
heard of it it's all over the good world
oh yeah black-ish is everything a
blackish if you know that is it works on
everything your computer smartphone TV
tablet you name it it works anyway yeah
they're hooking you guys up they hooked
us up to two weeks free the link is in
the top of this description Hulu Plus
calm for slush Roman Atwood go smash if
you want some free entertainment
go hit yeah loves you snuggle and ah
what are you gonna do what you're
getting too big you gotta stop growing
guys make him stop grow I want my little
baby oh here so you know it was weak
sauce it's that time at night well we
gotta call it a day awesome you're ready
for tomorrow huh yeah me too hey push
your teeth wash your feet
alright guys thanks for hanging out
today thanks for coming along
I got enough bananas for a couple
smoothies I've been living on smoothies
suits in the fridge see what's in the
ramen etwood fridge apples lettuce
strawberries eggs meats leftover pizza
lots of there's a woman in the house
that's what a fridge looks like when
it's all over the house
every time I stay with just guys nothing
yeah all right guys it's really all I
got for you I will see you tomorrow
we're going ziplining that should be fun
should change up the vlogs a little bit
I haven't got to do any like adventurous
travel vlogs for a while been stuck in
and around the city I'm in the kitchen
for the classic ending and up let's all
egg up I will see you tomorrow don't
forget smile more did we found you
oh boy
