what's up guys good morning to you my
mom and dad made it say hi we're going
to start our day at Universal Studios
cuz it's fun huh so what do you need you
got new shoes at army navy stores
awesome stuff that the supply sergeant
in Burbank
and they got is that African Grey yeah I
love these can he talk yeah you gotta
kind of walk away sleepy hi birdie
they've got everything you need to
pretend to steal an ATM machine that's
for sure what are those face masks yeah
oh yeah let's go let's go let's go let's
go let's go
couple rocket launchers don't we just
leased a few just because bird is thirty
years old they can live to a hundred
your age and well you want to bite my
camera Atticus welcome to Universal
Studios that's the place you just power
yeah she just bought this place cash hmm
no I bought one the plastic cups so I
know we were just here not long ago but
I had to bring the family Noah came my
mom and dad let's check this place out
it's just so much fun
haha the big candy store check it out
the energy drink from The Simpsons gummy
bears on a stick
l 5 pound gummy bear it's 5 Newton
Vitaly yeah pop rocks the best like a
little fish
zip is a poppin voices fact let's take
the other tour I love y'all gonna be
your toy
technology and filmmaking today for the
DeLorean for faster people here comes
the water
sit down to talk about Morgan well I
thought whatever right because it's just
something you don't see you don't good
okay what'd you think of that
oh pretty sweet huh what'd you guys
think I can't believe how much is
created chicken are you get it out
oh you can't ya can't try that very uh
something's happening
you want to do a can okay here turn
really hard turn turn turn
way to go you smashed it like that's
make it I know dude walking on lots of
footlong hotdogs how food oh my gosh
great look sugar kings so many roman
soldiers here it's insane I was like you
can't possibly be him and then I saw
your kid what's your name I go is this
start good again get it stuck
go on to the Waterworld Waterworld show
so kisses yeah no no it's like the movie
it's like the movie Waterworld
come on
shut up how's it
Oh burgers that
unbelievables right all right this is my
favorite ride right here
you're gonna love it dude this place is
awesome
hey awesome best ride ever I would
rather do that than watch every movie
hey guys
dude if you guys ever come here go there
first that's my favorite ride here I
wish I could show you the ride but it's
in 3d so the camera doesn't film it very
well
3d glasses on the camera I tried that
actually I can't get both onto the lens
he's gonna beat us
got fans chasing us
yeah I haven't worked out that much
alone huh how you doing man dog a wrong
what's wrong me hurt yeah bro I was like
two flights of stairs I came for you as
Noah's fourth set for stairs
he doesn't realize all I'm trying to do
is give him to fall asleep tonight the
moon the moon is being moved by this
crane she knows a Roma know
Hey oh my I could I get a guest I'd find
you in here
that's a blanket wrapping up our night
at Universal I've get funded would you
get Pacific Rim person that's awesome
Kane let me see your hat
awesome we made it home well that's a
big blanket I thought it was just a
little one
alright we are back and we've warped
again kids are in bed mom and dad are in
bed mom dad hurry Lin please throw some
shit anyway I met this guy today at the
I'm really not so many fans like if any
of you guys watched us thank you for
coming up not being shy um I didn't
catch one percent of him on the vlog I
need to just start vlogging everybody
thumbs up but so many Roman soldiers
today one guy today talked to me for
ever how long was it forever
20 minutes that wasn't that long but it
was a while he's like going on and on
about his website and normally I
wouldn't do this but this sounds
actually pretty cool for you guys so I'm
gonna give you some details and hook
this he's gonna blow his mind if he sees
this on the blog so let's just do this
for this guy and we should do it for you
guys too if you got websites send them
to me and if I like them I'll actually
put them in the voice for you alright I
told him to email me all the info so he
sent me all this info and here is what I
got his websites free free to join and
uh basically he gives away like ten
thousand dollars every few months for it
says active members and what I'm getting
out of the whole website is all you do
is post your opinions about about TV
shows movies um it looks like just about
everything products and yep all anything
basically and they hooked you up like no
matter what they give you iTunes gift
cards the Amazon stuff even cash she
says check promotions tab in Gmail to
see emails from Opinion Outpost I don't
know that means wait read it in this
says check promotions tab check
promotions tab in Gmail to see emails
from opinion
I don't know maybe it gives the spam I
don't know how that works anyways this
dude's gonna do backflip if you guys
show up so I'm gonna put the link in the
top of the scription check it out maybe
you can make some money maybe get some
gift cards
umm check it out let me know I actually
think it looks kind of fun I'd like to
give my opinion on TVs movies and
products and stuff so Oh Jeff fun today
and awesome it was so fun it was so cool
I'm glad I'm glad you get to take know
on the big rides I wish I got to go yeah
Britney had to stay like she took Kane
to like the kids area yeah we went to
the minion area which is really cool
there's tons of little like things for
him to do and then me Noah and my mom
and dad just took off my parents loved
it so happy they got to go so just fun
was so excited oh he was so happy today
yeah it was just like going on the rides
whenever it no his face just like he's
so pumped I'm sure a lot of you guys
have been that read these rides it's
insane it's so it's next level in our
campus like I don't I always brag about
it we can end this longer what well I
never seen that I didn't send that one
to you that's coming it is she does an
awesome picture yeah what is that her it
was on the way to the little minion area
this little bike all right guys we're
gonna cut it off um tomorrow is frickin
M&M concert that's all I'm thinking
about right now all the naked is what
I'm gonna wear for your birthday suit
get us in free
alright guys we love you thanks for
thanks for smashing this light thanks
for checking out everything we do I love
you
don't forget just what up guys I'm gonna
get in this guy's Lamborghini hey don't
worry about me dude ah
what's up bro not a gold-digger so I
don't want to leave it
