we are good to go
are you scared of your own shadow oh
he's gonna get you I love you baby
we are headed to get some lunch actually
we are headed to get some breakfast
me James Holley and Kane Brittany's a
little hungover I don't even know how
she drank that much I think it was the
ball game don't bit too much for yeah
she says she's out of commission now she
wanted to stay and relax so we are gonna
go get one of my favorites Jack and Jill
Jack and Jill's baby we got a
first-timer here not these guys they
actually why'd you go yesterday about
two days ago two days yeah but our first
timer is king baby
they got pancakes you want to share some
fruit with me thank you my man and at
the end of every meal they give you a
lollipop what do you guys call these we
love lollipops okay because I don't
really fall in love across the comb
suckers have you heard of suckers I
think that's what most Americans call
these I call it a sucker we were saying
that this is actually a Tootsie Pop this
is like a classic Tootsie Pop have you
heard of a Tootsie Pop I just told King
that there's a twit C roll inside and
both of them said what's at it zero
there's so many words different things I
know and it's like some things are hard
to explain to you like what is it
tootsie roll and it's like a chewy
chocolaty thing but it's in the middle
of these suckers we'll get there in a
minute oh sweet foolish
our stomachs and guts are full to the
room we are headed to Sammy's and James
and I are gonna pick up the new GoPro
yes yeah looking for ages to get lilies
but I do an up one now you've been
looking for ages but they just came out
right oh you know like looking sharp to
notice my own I know I hope they have
them actually we just got to Sandy's
what how's your ass lollipop I've almost
got to the tootsie roll oh yeah that's
like your size man
I could totally film put the camera here
see let's put it towards you yeah put
this on this pole man I see Taha I hit
the ceiling so they have a million GoPro
hero3 s no hero4 it's hard to find and I
heard he get should have pre-ordered mr.
McKee he's gonna be a movie maker
oh and just threw the camera onto the
floor gentle gentle gentle gentle
so although Sammy's is always fun they
kind of let us down they didn't have
what we needed we're gonna try one more
store and we're either gonna win or we
lose on this one well hopefully what
happened is a win we just parked we just
passed a flea market on the corner and
what do you guys call it put a car boot
sale a car boot sale because your trunks
are cold we lose and your hoods are
called vomits vomits what's under that
bonnet boy yeah
that's interesting yeah it's a car boo
so because you know we park up lift your
boot up and sell things how you do if I
wore my boob flea market I would we are
hitting up a little place called Best
Buy you guys know what that is they
don't know it that's why it is find out
this has been quite the trip just
everything's so weird and different come
on man what you're killing me you're
killing me
oh you're getting too big and heavy
no leave it the best ba-baby hero4 black
coming at you
haha I love these things I love cameras
I'm addicted to cameras I think it's
having I have a problem I love you guys
don't leave me to me look who decided to
come out of her hole today
please stop made a quick stop and picked
up little Brit so we take came to the
park it's busy today at the park it's
actually humans here not just animals
come on Kane come on time to wear the
monster out man
Kane peace see ya you'll go down with me
you ready yeah okay yeah sit go fuck you
got your plane yeah literally have kids
that look like they're 5 years old
coming up and asking if I'm on YouTube
like this kid
but youtuber yeah dude what's up
uh-huh
this kid just spots me spots me how do
you watch my videos that's awesome we
are just chilling out relaxing having a
snack eat me snacking he needs a bath
my kids babies jamming he's just wrong
with his babies ya see ya really haven't
done much today is a nice day off I was
completely off today first day for a
while I would guess since we went to
Malibu
that's my last day off I guess pretty
much every Sunday so far yeah each
Sunday have one day off um so it's nice
it's beautiful did you tell them about
the big surprise it's coming this week
no should I oh yeah yeah for those of
you that actually are watching up to
this point this vlog yeah we are excited
um
Wednesday NOAA flies out we celebrate
birthdays Cain Cain and Noah's birthday
so we flying Noah out for his birthday I
was gonna save it I was gonna save it as
a surprise um but I guess yeah it's it's
okay to tell you guys yet no was coming
out on Wednesday and he's only gets to
stay for a short time but it's better
than nothing it'll get us through the
next gap while I film the movie okay and
it's his birthday that's right
pages later yeah so we're not birthday
cake and ice cream
presents he's gonna rock are you filming
mommy you'll be my new cameraman yeah
all right I think you got it figure out
what it takes definitely got the
close-ups down
just keep playing with it did you play
with that camera you would be a super
camera man we are gonna run down to the
pool hot tub area and I'm gonna take the
new GoPro probably not a good time to
test it in the dark
my camera suckers good test for sure
yeah that's true a little night so if it
looks good at night it looks good
yeah all right guys that pretty much
does it for today I am like sweating
from that hot tub
whoo we're gonna wrap up the night I'm
gonna edit this vlog tomorrow marks the
seven day the one week mark shooting our
new movie unbelievable unbelievable I
can't wait to bring you guys along on
this journey it's gonna be amazing
so get ready for that seven days away I
will see you tomorrow don't forget keep
smiling keep a smile on your face I love
you smile okay sorry Kane wants to do it
I love you guys don't forget to smile
more get out of here ah-choo
oh no wait why is it held up nice that
was good
