what up guys bout to go pull some fun
original pranks I got Kevin what up
James we're meeting up with Christian
and we got some helpers today yesterday
I told you I wouldn't tell you what I'm
doing but today I will so as soon as we
get here I'm gonna fill you in of course
it's a beautiful day to film actually
Santa Monica is usually really windy I
can barely ever vlog here but it's nice
today really nice look at all these
innocent people they have no idea what's
coming I have no idea all right guys so
here's my team today what's your name
Maxine
wait so rate or she's got the last name
too so we are gonna be pulling I'm doing
my classic sneeze sprang crush sneeze
and I used to blow things over well
today I'm gonna sneeze and blow their
dresses off so this should be pretty
good this one looks great the dress
looks great this one's a little I think
this one she's patriotic yeah she's all
AMERICA AMERICA AMERICA
I know it's a that one seemed to work so
well hey why is it coming off now so
I'll come up and sneeze ready yeah
no it's in the back
ready ah-choo oh no wait why is it held
up oh it's kind of like snuggle ready
already hard just do it that was good
you gotta pull hard dude my most loyal
and trusted cameraman has arrived how
are you gonna run camera today so this
is more of the difficult pranks that you
can do where it requires a lot of people
a lot of timing a lot of like the right
people this is a lot of families and
older people who don't really give you
much compared to like the young college
kids
ain't that right cave yeah absolutely
I don't know what's going on man
everyone just trying to see movie stars
hey boys from other parts of the country
it's tough out here guys how about get
some skin cancer we are packing up and
moving locations I freaking love my new
bag everything fits in that baby we're
gonna try Venice and we're gonna shoot
them for about an hour there and then
head to the city I'm shooting the city
about 4 hours of daylight left so you
got to make it count people we got to
make it count people
you see that did you do that I didn't do
that oh you don't
watch this watch this a strong one
can we get it team and go faster did you
sir oh my god did you what makes you
think I do that I don't know you just
blew their clothes off that wasn't you
idea no idea did you see what happened I
think your your sneeze and just got blue
yeah you just can't believe your clothes
off
oh is that right did you there yeah huh
hey hey man we're just shoot a little
video fun video just just for fun Jimmy
Jimmy I'm Roman how many goobers
though these kind of shit around here I
seen this all day every day
oh you been doing it let's we just good
good idea we just got here make people
laugh laugh get this hate all these
people filming and shit
sure
what was that
Oh
it's not feeling like okay alright right
there go go
fine follow my will you start rolling
okay I'm rolling hey guys I'm at the
beach today but uh just not feeling that
go ahead hey guys I'm out by the beach
today trying to pull in their parang on
do it again do it again slow you fool I
don't say Beach either if we move no
don't say Beach all right we're gonna do
this one we're gonna shoot this one
ready hey guys today I'm at the beach
trying to pull a new prank but I just
don't feel her shit okay so we've got a
couple decent reactions today we're
gonna move locations it's tough it's a
tough area it's just the wrong crowd of
people but uh I think we got a couple
usable definitely yeah no crime even if
it's just people walking by looking it's
funny so well I like what I love like
how like a lot of people dying girl
they'll be walking he goes to do the
thing the guys will look like real quick
but then like they're with their
girlfriends so they just keep walking
like I didn't I didn't see it
hold it like wow oh my god who's pulling
it Kirsten you beat women and your
videos what's up man
hey guys thanks for um nice meeting you
did you do that damn good job on that
well good job good job
Rob hi buddy how you feel you look are
you looking at huh yeah yeah we'll get
down let's do it
and if you shoot illegally which you
have a camera wants to call a police
sketch you have to have a permit here
well no we're gonna so to have a permit
on the sidewalk you can't do anything to
business whatever form it you can't have
a filming you can't film without a
minute okay okay okay what's the problem
the problem is she disrupted and what's
happen here did somebody's gonna grab
you I'm telling you up Danny
who's gonna grab me one of these people
walking by if she'll over and over again
okay
what's the problem why are you are you
coming out here the problem is you're
disrupting everything here we love this
is really rough than anything I'm
telling you what the problem everybody's
laughing all these people here they all
look after you get grabbed they're not
in the middle who's gonna grab me you
need a permit to be down here okay
that's what the police are for okay good
that's what I'll get okay
so we got kicked out of Venice Beach not
Venice Beach but we got kicked out of
this area where we film actually a lot
of videos some grumpy old crybaby one
grumpy grumpy he's the worst and I get
so totally just so you guys know I was
telling Roman about this exact same guy
literally an hour before he came out one
hour before Kevin tells me this story
about this guy right then this guy comes
out and he's getting kind of upset with
me and then I look over again he's like
dude fucking fights about to happen do
you not wanna get into a fight with that
guy we're warping into the evening the
Sun is setting we are wrapping up we had
a blast he did great everybody did good
you did awesome he had a large crew
today a large crew kind of done it
without all these guys oh yeah
dinner's on me yes the reason I turned
my camera on right now because I just
realize without even knowing I've just
listened to Kevin explain to James
American football for the last 20
minutes
I wouldn't say 20 minutes 30 minutes the
last 45 minutes I'm just sitting here in
my own world realizing is he really just
taught by James has never ever seen I've
never seen American football I've never
watched managable I don't even know the
rules of American football I just
assumed it was my rugby but it's not
it's all dude it's so crazy how close we
are and how far apart we are you need to
know James go that way really fast if
something gets in your way yeah turn
that's it it's a way quicker than their
yeah we're back in the man cave now
respect is part of it Caine it's boys
night man shit we are working hard on
projects I'm I bought the new camera and
this is like the first edit I've done
with it I didn't realize I think you
virt every file with the external
program in the final cut it's an MXF
file to basically an apple prores
I'm just talking numbers and things and
made all that up no it's for real so
that I can even edit the video so that's
what I'm doing right now it's kind of
interesting
cheers mate just editing the new vlog
over here and I got my sound guy making
sure everything is just right so while
they're over there playing the
friendship wrecker Monopoly board game
I'm gonna wrap up the vlog and the new
prank actually it's both of them are up
by the time you're seeing this let's see
if we can get the new prank to a hundred
thousand likes I want to see the
strength of the Roman soldiers go show
it love guys come on do it give me a
little love on this one it was it was
actually really hard to do I will see
you guys tomorrow don't forget to smile
more baby we'll see you then whoa yo
