so I'm just wondering if I've ever told
you guys how awesome you are not just
because I think you're awesome but how
awesome you are you're one of a kind
only you are you that's freaking amazing
anyways it's an awesome day
it's Friday for me it's Saturday for you
or whenever you're watching this
but for me it's Friday which is great
because I'm not used to having an office
job so I'm not used to having a Friday
so I'm really excited because tomorrow
we're shooting something awesome
starting our day off cleaning all the
grime out of our laptops did you know
you know there's some dirty in there man
especially this guy this can't be good
for this man just hitting all these
buttons at the same time take a little
rod to try to find some lunch
some food in general I haven't eaten add
a smoothie but sometimes it doesn't hold
me over
I got the Frankenstein
grilled chicken bacon out of provolone
all of the place is pretty cool old
fashioned it's like one of the nice mom
and pop restaurants little stage
goodbye yes it's comfy cans got some hot
ass soup play this oh I really can't see
it on camera
the steam oh it's it's hot thank you
so um so a few days ago you guys know I
went to the hospital to meet up with my
manager who's been hit he was hit by a
SUV truck type vehicle and this would be
the first time seeing him since the
hospital he's doing great he's on his
feet he's healing up and the dentist and
I are about to give him a little coming
home present I did you ready to give
John a nice welcome home I came with
hope you know how hard he's been hit by
a truck he can take this ready now
Oh
Frankenstein brought a Frankenstein up
your Bristish
she not a sparkle now yeah thanks guys I
see you can smell my breath from here
yes my when they leave over to this I
thought it was mine yes it's a hint to
the prizes I got him and Dennis so good
we took my breath doesn't know hey we're
glad to have you back did Eddie call you
yesterday sorry
he's got the easy up the foot skills
kick it I think anybody's actually got
this today oh you're gonna make it okay
oh it's grand you gotta get it bro
yeah you got it you do god I think that
up there I had to get it davis kicked it
up here he had to get it now - your turn
oh my DP for the movie has probably one
of the most badass fans you'll ever see
it's definitely the most badass thing
I've ever seen and it's got the seats
from bad grandpa in the back did you
guys know that I won if it's opens oz
locked alright guys I'm out of there I
have to uh do a lot of errands tonight
for the new prank I'm filming tomorrow
which I'll bring I'll be bringing you
guys along with Jon came in today you
guys know a few days ago he was hit by a
car jogging he's doing great he's
recovering he's got to go through a lot
of therapy but he he's he's alive so
everyone's super pumped about that yeah
so I'm gonna take you guys along to get
everything I need tonight you guys are
gonna effing love this prank I promise
alright guys so I filmed this exact spot
a few days ago and somebody actually
told me that palm trees are not in the
tree family is that true somebody said
in the comments that palm trees aren't
actually in the tree family is that true
I don't know he said it was a type of I
don't really remember I don't really
remember I don't know I want some
confirmation on this all right so just
picked up James and Holly we are running
to a crafts store to get some things
that I need for tomorrow's prank
I can't I'm not gonna tell you what I'm
doing until tomorrow I will show you
what I'm eating so I need a whole bunch
of magnets not heavy magnets little
magnets like these and I don't know they
got magnet tape which I've never heard
of I'm not even convinced that it works
at all but I'm gonna try it out hot glue
hot glue I never thought I'd be in a
store shopping for women's clothing
that's for sure
I think you care like a nurse do
something we're gonna do a lot of weird
things to the dress but Oh as long as I
look good in it just your way no no you
guys watch Jimmy Fallon wait like night
show I've heard of him
he's the black guy right all right we're
in the wrong store we're long story I've
never struggled so hard to find a dress
I mean not that I've looked a lot but
apparently even in LA there's winter
season so everything's going out for the
winter and so it's hard to pump fun
so I just bought me a couple cute
dresses not for me for me I actually
will show you guys what I'm doing
tonight but uh magnets dresses such a
weird-ass combination you're going to
wear the dresses I think yeah I think
I'm getting the dress I got a stunning
purple that he's really going to bring
his eyes out
cut cut out and I'm gonna eat something
really healthy tonight really healthy
cheese though oh my god she winked at me
this is a lot of supplies so it's arts
and crafts time I'm designing a custom
made dress actually dresses like a four
of them for my new prank tomorrow that
I'm filming and tomorrow I will actually
tell you everything that I'm doing but
you definitely never seen this before
and it's gonna be pretty freaking
interesting and it's not a dress for me
no that's not a dress for me either
haha so that's that's interesting Jane
is the dress for you
Wow all right guys have work past arts
and crafts got a whole bag of trash you
got to see this this is the this is the
highlight I think I've created something
new here hold that up look at that yeah
that's you yeah but this is they used to
be a dress used to be a just wait till
you guys see what we're gonna do
tomorrow ha ha ha I can't wait
alright guys that's going to end it for
tonight I'm going to edit this vlog so
we can go make this prank tomorrow
hopefully it works it's a little it's a
little shady right now we're going to
make it happen I'll bring you guys along
and tell you everything and show you
what we're doing tomorrow I love you
will see you tomorrow don't forget smile
more do it do it quick all right
right when I impress you but you're not
getting paid you're not getting paid I
know I guess I'm just smile more
