like put your face down put your face
down there now a minute now imagine me
just goes forward a little bit like hey
Alexa who is Brittany Smith Whitney
Smith is a YouTube star whoa appearing
in video blogs with her boyfriend Romina
Alexa who is Veronica Gilroy
I'm not sure who is Roman Atwood Roman
Bernard ad wasn't a little middle name
mediums blogger and Franco that's it
that's all you got where's father of the
year where's all that lights up there is
Noah at wood that Wood is the son of the
famous YouTube vloggers Roman Atwood oh
now I'm just the vlogger now I'm just a
blogger well she can't make up her mind
kind of creepy actually welcome to the
vlog guys we are I'm actually uncovered
in mud look at this
bang you guys need some clothes on it's
cold dude it's so loud oh my gosh it's
like serious commitment now to get this
thing muddy because it takes forever to
clean even with a super duper power lock
Oh
oh my gosh it's got nine miles on it
nine miles we put on that thing
so today's pretty big I'm spitting it
he's a pretty big day because country
lost a very serious bet you missed the
bet I'll rheic splain it soon but Brian
made a bet with country and country lost
fair and square like straight up caught
on camera like he lost and that led to
meeting country had to shave his beard
off he's come up with a lot of ideas
we're waiting to hear the rest but he's
still not here which he's supposed to be
here right now to get this beard shaved
you think he's do you think he's gonna
show he said he'd be here but it's like
I don't know you guys welcome to the
block I'm kind of waiting on a country
to get here we've got to make this
happen somehow it's just between Brian
and country and I said I'm just here to
film it I'm not getting in between this
because country has some ideas to get
out of the beard and it's gonna be up to
Brian if he takes that deal or not I'm
not getting between it but I will film
it for you guys and show you everything
that's happening three times it won't go
there's nothing there there's nothing to
pop there's not it's just a giant red
irritation it's just really annoying
especially as a blogger down at your
faith ah so we still have the mystery
dog mr. smile more still in the house
mr. crazy I tear up everything too you
know you give a dog a place to stay nice
room and board free food free drinks
he's so happy right he's so happy yeah
you did that you did that to my
brand-new building you you did that he's
we got we gotta find a home it's talked
yeah so here's what the door looks like
this is what our door looks like but you
come down here and yeah pretty much
trashed it
I'm losing an environment he doesn't
know he's probably freaking out trying
to get out but he destroyed the door
that is insane I mean that that straight
would gone look at that he went to put
out there another hour he probably
wouldn't all the way through so what's
the plan like we seriously need a plan
who wants a raise who wants a raise come
on I'll give you I give you a raise you
take the puppy we need a good home for
this pup man he is a cool dog straight
up was he keep going over there for uh
uh oh yeah there look get it get it
there's more here whoa
so the update on mystery pup is that we
still have him he's still here he's I we
really need a home if anybody please if
you just send me an email send me a
tweet let's find this dog an actual home
and maybe it's one of you guys maybe
you're local and you you're just looking
for a pup I got one yeah so Saints
country's taking it to your sweet time
to get here I think we should mount the
slippers to the front of the RC and
convince him that that is how we're
cutting his beard off no glad you said
it that way because I couldn't set up
like that funny things I know he's gonna
show up with his own stuff you know but
look at that yeah we can easily convince
him that's how we're doing it could he
does anything we said all you need is
our supporters in duct tape this is
built for fun right here super safe
super safe kids do not try this at home
yo we don't have time to finish you even
give me time to finish I'm just saying
yeah you should show I'm just saying
like if you're gonna do it we're gonna
do it you gotta do it Ryan you just lay
down on the ground we're just gonna
drive it right up to you nice and real
slow back and forth like safely have you
practiced fun yes so look at ya look at
my face look how clean it is perfect you
had a full beard before you asked that
question it you're good and I would
never steer you wrong it's like a Latin
do you trust me do you trust me no RC
trucks ever hurt anybody with a kitten
on it mm-hmm it's safe it's way better
that's way but let's use yours if we
just use yours
it's got 15% more horsepower might put
your face down put your face down there
now a minute now imagine me just goes
forward a little bit like control easy I
dunno your eye you're shaving the beard
so how do you want to shave it I like
forget about how Roman wants to shave me
I don't you want to shave I just don't
want to shine it I don't know if I my
stitches on my face with the RC you know
I'm a good driver I get high drove you
are an awesome driver I just don't know
if you awesome driver the clip proposed
why are you trying to stop put the drone
before oh yeah the drone he's a
phenomenal drone flyer I'm really just
like the best can't believe my biz
homeland you know I can't believe we're
talking about it Bryce's out there
watching a buggy
like this is his thing between you and
him you and Bryan is taking place at
your house that was here at your house
everything happens bad at the house
all right man she looks clean super
clean yeah new countries ready he's got
a proposition now we'll take it off with
the power water flash you king of the
hill looking sweet right now small more
flag I know we need to get a smile more
flag dude that's just yeah I don't know
just came with it man go maybe we should
always shave the beard while your
passenger like I Drive and then you have
to shave the beard that's a dumb idea
I'm gonna get all this hair all over
like a like a giant sheet or but it's
gonna look like a build-a-bear in here
we just clean you know those capes stick
to the window oh yes I could say I can
shave that beard off and just put it on
my shoulders to keep me warm
no your face is legitimate old the
country country's ready there's no
there's no trying to get out of it
although I loved his idea tell them your
idea today what the coin flip cuz I
think it's out of control
the country comes the stasis how about
this we flip a coin heads if it lands on
heads I get to keep the beer but if it
lands on tails I got to shave the beard
and my eyebrows you really risk your
eyebrows hey let's see what it would be
let's see what it would be never have
you because you're ready bad look
everything comes to you
I think country gonna shave his own
beard we're not gonna touch you
alright deals a deal deals a deal but I
think you gotta do something with it
let's see some handlebars or maybe just
the stache maybe just the beard lose the
stache what you guys think of a stripe
son I need something like oh I should
like to play with him yeah see country
shave the beard and then do like a
goatee first then a demon yeah yeah you
got one yes the boss has spoken but I
think you asked two questions two yeses
take a good look chase said I should do
half laughs mustache half here just
shave all this and then leave one half
right
I say goatee so why don't we just write
the four epic things I should do when I
shave this beard put it in the Hat and
let chase draw the the one out and
whatever comes out that's where you go
that's the best
I heard all day long hey pop hey I'm
here for you you know what's your shake
out okay I'm ready there we go here we
go the has been picked ready
what is it mustache Oh everything he was
so what does you put just mustache oh my
god you gotta go over the towel Papa
Bear this this facial hair deserves to
forward oh my gosh nobody's ever seen on
without a beard it's not gonna be the
same man Oh what are you a cop we're
conduit where to Wet Bandits mom she's
gonna go perform surgery dimples bra
good no I got these implants in later
why I cannot really are different you
actually do love well you know what you
ain't even saved yet I'm just looking at
here and then I hear your voice
um can't help but to smell I'm not gonna
lie it does not it does not look bad at
all I'm hurting inside
you look like Vin Diesel bro what the
girls do versus what the guys do this is
a weird house all straight up now tell
me do you really want to love me ever
what's that quote behind every
successful man there's a woman rolling
her eyes or something like that
that was pretty just then yeah who's
this man man you're looking sharp as a
dagger man I don't know like those
Clippers were like kryptonite country's
kryptonite is Clippers like oh my god I
lost all my super what are you doing
what are you doing though is that your
reaction to the beard doing trying to
see in your ear we are warping in past
everybody leaving consciousness beer we
are we are done we're gonna we're gonna
we're gonna wrap it up that's a wrap
that's it the end of the show the end of
the episode the end of the day you
eating a little bird so in flower seeds
we love you so much
today is was all about that shave and
that's all we have we will see it's
Marga to get up early I'm getting what
do you guys know what next week is you
should know right sure if you're a
longtime viewer you should know what
next week is so
so yeah that's it and another six weeks
that'll be gone so that'll be good and
we'll see you guys tomorrow thanks so
much for hanging out with us here at the
house in our in our home with our family
we'll see you tomorrow
we'll see you tomorrow we'll see you
tomorrow I promise I shouldn't do that
but I promise we love you guys so much
thanks for being here we'll see you
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind smile more how many times did I
say we'll see you tomorrow including
that one
