yo guys so today I brought this um
little bottle looks like mouth spray
like a peppermint mouth spray experiment
whatever you call it but it's hand
sanitizer I'm gonna pretend to squirt it
in my mouth and then I'm gonna see if
Battalion Dennis can beat my record
because it's so hard because I thought
it was gonna be a Oh like sweeter that
true I'm knocking only I can only do
four what did you know I gotta go it's
me it's like mint spearmint I don't know
how many can you do whoa how many is
that
hahaha is it burn oh it's hand sanitizer
I'm gonna get Dennis oh my god you're
next you know Bo how many did you do I
need you to do Dennis you go try to beat
him
peppermints Oh Binaca but he did like 20
squirts in your mouth very only did five
it's so strong it's so strong but you xx
of you just like 20 like safe oh it's so
nasty
yes you did for so six is the one to
beat yeah yeah view gonna be sick we did
it he did his tongue and then put it in
I did my mouth yeah I went yeah
Youkilis or I can't believe how good
that works yeah I went like it I can't
believe that work so well because you
work you got a clean you'll - dude you
got a clean tongue oh I thought you knew
oh I thought you knew oh nice so happy
to swallow anything
what's up what's your name Joyce Joyce
what are you doing today hey getting
your measurements for costumes so
anything that we need to wear in the
movie uh any type of wardrobe she's
doing our measurements
Oh
Oh
dudas Travie I'm just trying to keep
myself awake uh yeah now the office is
almost freakin dark already um we are
only this week next week is our last
week's and then we're shooting solid so
it's really crunch time it's hard to
entertain you guys during the day um so
yeah I don't want to make any excuses
that's just really how it is it's really
hard to entertain you guys with the vlog
when I'm sitting there with everyone
today was full crew everybody it was a
huge crew it's just punching out
last-minute details it's gonna be
absolutely amazing that I can't wait
is it is it just me or does shade 45
never play Eminem Slim Shady Marsh
matters never like I listen to the
station all the time I never hear it
like that's why I listen to it I don't
get it man
I don't get in you know don't get him
him what's up what's up computer door
laptop Clem just got back home feels
good it feels good in here it's nice and
cold
Oh monkey got you in a headlock what are
you making I'm a smoothie Wow
healthy alcohol's baby eat that banana
oh this is gonna be painful oh my god
hope you guys are ready to get crunk
so what is your magical drink called you
got a name for this since you just
invented it nobody puts coconut rum with
strawberries bananas I don't think is
that a real treat
Oh only it is out of the man appeal
tomorrow he's really here try it
what is what is the top on the bottom
nothing above 9 X things up alone I just
didn't you need a name for it good is it
yeah she's lying strawberry banana
I'm cockadoodledoo coconut oh I can
finally say you angling or chairs yeah
cheers Cheers
dump it on your laptop all right guys
that's gonna do it for today
I uh I would apologize for having a
short vlog but you know what I'm
starting to have too many short blocks
my apologize I'm just gonna make another
vlog tomorrow how's that how's that
sound
we're getting all tipsy off Britney's
homemade strawberry crazy liquored up I
love you will see you tomorrow don't
forget mom won a winner I might walk in
funny
I had chicken fingers all right what's
up V what up dog what are you Oh
