what's up guys we are filming a brand
new prank today and the kids were
babysitting Harvey Jenna leave me he's
gonna wrestle you all day I think so hey
weighs more than hey well mommy what up
homie yep ready do this Harvey what's
that look man it means he's gonna break
in your new apartment we're out and
about we're gonna feel really funny play
this prank is created by alex he came up
with this idea months ago like we
actually shot some of this prank months
ago I don't even remember how long ago
but today we've come out to actually do
the prank and finish the prank and it's
gonna be great and this one's actually
gonna go up Sunday morning
hopefully I always hate promising you
guys cuz when the prank doesn't go up
it's like I'm the worst guy on the
planet such a piece of crap hopefully
Sunday why we pull up to this park here
and we're paying for parking alex is
like let me check the meter he paid for
their parking you're a good guy even
though it's a complete accident you know
what it's an accidental act of kindness
not made so Alex just killed probably to
do it it's gonna be impossible to beat
those reactions cheap I'm excited we've
we've we've got a real surprise for you
it's gonna go Sunday I'm not going to
tell you exactly what it is but it's
super edgy and positive all at the same
time and we got these white shirts with
things printed on them and uh I can't
wait to see it edit towards the next
part
it's cool thing about Elliot's it's a
concrete jungle but there are parks
everywhere it's pretty cool especially
since I have kids makes it really nice
but we're being thrown out dude
coolest officer I was he a park ranger
yeah he was awesome he was like you have
to have permits everywhere you film in
LA everywhere
we don't have a permit so he was really
cool though he let us finish up
he gave us five more minutes and Alex
you know what's ironic about today is
Alex paid for the strangers parking last
time we came to a new park and he just
said dude I didn't pay for my meter oh
I'm gonna have to pay a ticket they're
so bad out here now you can't leave your
car anywhere we never paid yeah because
you paid for the stranger that's how it
works
that's awesome stay in school dude I'm
always excited to vlog on prank news I
think it's gonna be so exciting but then
I realize how hard it is to do a prank
in a vlog in the same day
so I find myself not vlogging much so
forgive me
forgive me you are forgetting all right
we just left our final and last part the
prank is absolutely fantastic I cannot
wait I can't say it enough one of my
favorite pranks the only thing we didn't
get was like an epic ending I usually
like to have a huge ending but we just
couldn't get it on this video people
were too good at sports and uh but
you'll see it's pretty interesting whoo
hot baby we did so good today Alex
Mandel we killed it we counted
Darvin as usual I'm always eating we're
about to do a food vlog at the
Cheesecake Factory what is with this
place
did I always eat here always I mean how
can you not love this place how do you
not love this place I don't even know
what's the best kind
but I'm guessing Oh I've actually had
that some easier let's get a little baby
food vlog in here some some hot wings
some giant bowl makes me fat what is it
kool-aid chicken pasta it looks amazing
it's really good
and hotwing krishna you guys know we do
hot wings almost everywhere we go how's
the baby he's asleep he looks like you
did oh my gosh there's a spoiled dog
right there
do you guys have fun with Harvey yeah he
was cool dog he was told I'd never seen
you do this that is so funny
we're at the pool at the pool about to
get in the hot tub daddy don't want to
get in the pool tonight it's cold here
I'm just a big bit I'm just a big baby I
swear I'm beat I'm tired hey what's up
good look in you talking to you we in
the hot tub you're swimming really good
with your floaties after a long hard day
a prank and I like to come here and just
soothe my body soothe it can soothe your
body come on jump in shark whoa okay are
you ready
you go sit over there yeah just do it
hey just let me psyche Kane
hmm
we've been watching the lego movie cane
cutting hang never lets go this monkey
though alright guys we did another time
warp it's kids are in bed and all we're
doing right now is I know a lot of you
guys been saying a lot of our shirts are
out of stock on the smile more store so
Britney reads me off the number and then
I update the numbers on to the store so
this is how many shirts we have left and
then I have to go through and add each
one small red with white 80 80 plus 70
nice alright guys that's all I got for
you today I should um I've seen a lot of
comments asking where is the smile more
stuff because I haven't been home for
like weeks and weeks and weeks so I
haven't talked about it but for those of
you that do want to know it's just Roman
Atwood calm that's it and we actually
got a brand new product on there tonight
well by the time you see this it's up so
go check out what it is I know
everyone's been waiting on it it's super
cool um that's all oh yeah one's for
babies and one's for everyone
oh yeah mm-hmm I love you know I do
I love you guys thanks for hanging out
today big prank tomorrow as you're
watching this tomorrow morning I love
you
thanks for uh thanks for everything see
you tomorrow don't forget smile more oh
my god it's so scary
you mind some paper towels you want
these
