what's up guys
FML high weights really I feel good how
you feel there
Cheers yeah did Cheers haha I don't
always drink coffee but when I do that's
what I'm being resurrected from my grave
in the mornings although the last time I
got up before the Sun came up oh dude
what happened here holy crap I like how
you circled overhead I can't tell you
what we're doing I think you get the
idea
Wow little different than yesterday yeah
art departments been here since what
time do you get here man
oh boy I am for a whoo you guys are
working this is just a scary scene this
so this is Miami detective work right
here
detect if it goes inside cameras you got
this little like gold tip things on on
yeah but that's gonna be yeah I thought
oh it looks like you got this old boy
band look so it's um way too early in
the morning and we have we have to
disguise me a little bit I roll
darkening the hair and put my lovely
silk magic breakfast is served
Kaji
just a young detective in this fine
state of Florida
this is going to be so fun times rolling
10 minutes till Showtime
what's up ma'am how's everything sound
good great right this is my sound guy
for the day what's your name do you do
you Diego make the CDs and you I'll
Drive man he's got mics hit him
basically all over this building
Wow and myself he'll be um alright guys
we just finished the prank I can't wait
to show you it I know I looked
ridiculous but it's better than having
that little soul patch Randy good job
brother
buddy's one of my cameraman and he
killed it
he put little GoPros everywhere I've
already cleaned up all out here fixed
the door everything everything's back to
normal
over there on the court he's in that
closet but that guy gonna freak out when
you can
I can tell you I can't tell you
I'm gonna get some pictures of the
island of la green addy what oh my god
on a lunar healer Oh what's up man I
hear you're looking for me look at a guy
getting the security phone yeah so we
need security footage for the prank from
the actual building God shows up guy
shows up to get the security yes mom or
mom or I got it on my car I love it I
got shirt it's amazing yeah dude that's
like a box man I agree with you yeah
it's pretty cool it's so fun
all right guys that is a wrap on today's
video took us seven months planning for
this prank it only took one hour to film
the entire thing I guess we did a couple
shots last night but for the most part
the whole prank took one hour it took an
hour and a half just to dump the footage
it took longer to dump the footage and
it did too
we're headed back to the hotel now and
start editing and then we're back on a
flight to Los Angeles today stick and
move
alright guys back in the hotel room what
up dude Christian's working on stuff I'm
just got the vlog up from yesterday it
took me a while and I got the glue off
my chin oh not the glue off the chin but
the black paint that she put on there
the glue is still there last night I
slept so terrible I doubted Christian
thinks it's funny I couldn't either I
was so desperate for sleep it was like
1:30 in the morning I was still tossing
and turning so I got on the app store I
just typed in box fan like a fan like
for your room for the noise and I
actually found this ridiculous app that
lets you and it's a settings she did it
it makes like the sound of him
I had it on high and I said it beside my
pillow here fast
it actually worked man I have to have a
fan in the room like I like noise I hate
this hotels the first hotel that's
silent it's just silent - this is
ridiculous
that's so much sauce Oh Lulu you well
it's good I gotta get back home in I eat
like shit when I travel fraud fraud fuck
ah back to the airport no time to really
relax it's time to jump on another plane
and head back to LA it's gonna feel good
to sleep I'm gonna sleep the whole plane
ride so I hope you guys aren't expecting
too much for cash what oh man that was
she has no idea who I am thank you me
yeah I got uh what's up dude you'll be
in my blog yeah what's my slogan slogan
come on what do I always say oh wait
Frank you yeah Frank let's just let's
mom or it's mom come on come on so
apparently we have like I get some super
fans we've got some people that have
been trying to reach us all day
apparently Christian just found out
through his Instagram that they've been
trying all over the city to find me
they've they've come everywhere so we're
gonna go back outside the airport I told
him I would wait ten minutes if they can
make it I'm gonna risk missing my flight
for these guys they better be here that
every year oh my god
dude what's up buddy hey what's up the
Romans real job guys I'm on my way from
here - uh German guys made it say what's
up to the vloggers and then we throw up
here because you guys said you guys
answered us really late
yeah like he was like knew these people
are trying to get all this like hard
there were some
oh my god did you guys made it you guys
say they made it they made it Oh a way
to express we got a cheque expressed it
again so we could luckily wait a little
longer so we get to go fast it against
all right wait oh my god these guys
drove like a few hours right yeah this
find real two hours told him we'd be at
the airport and we waited from thanks
for making the trip for making our
flight so it's a win-win
got to makes people happy today now
we're just trying to get to our terminal
here we go another day another plane I'm
gonna pass the F out here we go here we
go
we're off baby
peace-out Florida
that's nice nice little getaway in here
man lots of room
I know most of you been one airplane for
those of you that haven't this is the
restroom the bathroom
very small just enough room
to wall
hi guys we're back in LA waiting on our
bags
I don't know anybody December that first
bag it's always like the last bag
maaan was the last bag on the whole
thing it's embarrassing
let's feel that la air man I feel so
nice
doesn't matter what time of day it's
always hot only not like that
I've warped past the airport into my
apartment in Los Angeles I got my man
James here what's up Ben tell you guys
but James and his girlfriend Holly she's
already in bed are actually crashing
with us for a while
you probably remember him from Finland
and every time I go to London he always
hooks us up like I go to London he picks
us up he takes us around he drives us
around he helps us with pranks so this
time he wanted to come to the US and
especially LA so I told him to come here
and crash so I guess that is the vlog
for today Britney and Kane actually
she's trying to get came to sleep sorry
I didn't show you can I'll show you
tomorrow and Bret um that's it we love
you guys we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget you smiling smile more
oh so forth
you can't really but you did in my chest
