what up dude this is your car all right
keV good surge 1864 Pontiac GTO baby
your dream come true this is gonna be a
maze for sure some legal Street racing
today prank prank legal street racing
prank okay that's a good title all right
I'll meet you up top I'll meet you up
top I'm gonna go get my car all right
here's my car for the day Hey
you this doesn't stink doesn't have a
reverse or front subscription to it oh
my gosh are you driving and driving hang
out wait for him let's he can come over
a little bit we're trying to do our
intro so we need all four we need all
four cars oh yeah GoPro please
did you sticking us our unit oh cool
we're get we're getting kicked out of
the place we work at did they're kicking
us out
you really should never drive a car like
this because then all you want is a car
like this it's pretty sick so today
we're pulling a prank where it appears
that we're drag racing but really we
just have loudspeakers in the car that
sound like cars peeling out and cars
taking off but really we're doing like
five miles per hour it's gonna be pretty
funny I hope if you get that it's gonna
be great why don't we take the top down
kick it
we got transformer shit okay one of the
hardest parts is scouting a location
which we didn't do and we're gonna let
keV drive the Ferrari
half way down my face mate I've funded
all right go find us a spot
paddle shift the first picture
Tally's car just died right in front of
us
ah whole line of cars it's a terrible
spot for it to die too here oh my god
LCD BacPac boss no we're about to set up
shoot our first scene we got our racer
girl she's gonna drop the flag for us
and the whole idea here is that we're
not racing or anything we're actually
barely even moving yeah but with the
speakers it's gonna sound like we're
drag racing so hopefully it works I
think it will are we gonna work it's
gonna work make sure it's not just
announce it might have overheated
oh no he's checking the back oh man
don't tell me you hit him Kevin one or
two of our cars you got flashers on
we've been waiting we've been waiting
forever like where are they they're
sitting up here with flashers the tally
said he saw a bunch of smoke in the
street you hit him so it's just this it
looks like just the car overheated you
can see the the puke right there the car
threw up on the street that's why it's
hard to film with old cars man yo you
need to learn how to drive that thing
yeah keV it yeah let's see some rubber
bras
dude I love you in this car bro I don't
know it's just you it's rebel it's a
billion look at that
that car is a villain nothing that was
his crazy turn that was crazy shit oh my
god oh boy stuff like that alright so we
just got on top of a parking garage to
shoot the intro for this video and we're
trying to get all the cars together
Christian bring your car exactly like
mine but opposite alright how do you
think we're doing dude we just got
pulled over that's good right that's
good for video it's always good for a
prank
the cop was probably the coolest police
officer I've ever talked to he was the
most chillest dude one of the girls let
me have this flag girl and he was like
I'm gonna go back and see if I can get
some info from her big poster you wanted
a ticket toaster ticket - what is that
Oh the really hard part about this prank
is actually like regular people's not
giving us reactions to to find a cop hop
out with our cameras which are behind us
in another car and then hope that the
cop sees us the speakers are loud but
sometimes they just don't care
all day we've only got one reaction so I
hope it might only be a 2/3 reaction
video honestly so we just wrapped a
super-duper long hard day dude fuck one
of the longest days that I filmed in a
long time yeah I was it was a long day
but you know it was fun it was a blast
with you guys yeah we do we got we got
some great reactions hit all all day for
what three four reactions hey are you
guys doing the thing I was recording
yeah did you miss me yeah I missed you
guys
hey how's the spaghetti
oh yeah good good good yeah I sure did
thanks for dinner mommy cover the boys
today but I just don't feel bad you fell
sick yes yeah you too yeah Oh King
stomach hurt a lot yes I'm at the pool
anything out of the only one that didn't
get I'm gonna feel sicker bunch of
sickos bunch of zombies I'm gonna take a
ride on a Ferrari
yeah really mm-hmm riding a Ferrari I
bet you do let's go
this is Noah's first time in a Ferrari
what do you think time
our watch one look minimal race the
Tally's cars faster
you know it's funny though this is my
first time ever in the Ferrari today so
you and me are riding the Frog for the
first time ever
that's crazy
you know non good squeaky brakes I'm a
Ferrari transformers
franco huh
autobots roll out good I get should we
get one
I wish look at that McLain those are
sick all right guys we did a little time
warp tonight got the kids to bed and now
it's mommy and daddy time you feel a
little better
yeah you feel better don't don't be
lying to me you're ready to rock and
roll I saw in yesterday's vlog you guys
noticed that I put two clips of the same
part in and this has happened before
actually for a lot of people that don't
know that you can actually double your
comments on a video by doing that it's
kind of like in a method of getting more
more more comments yeah so I just want
to let you know that that will never
happen again I saw in yesterday's vlog
you guys noticed that I put two clips of
the same part in and this has happened
before
actually for a lot of alright guys I
can't wait to get this new prank up for
you I think we got it today obviously
you'll know if we did it but um I'll let
you know what I'm gonna upload that I'm
also shooting a brand new on Thursday I
hope that's gonna go crazy it's gonna be
great I love you guys thanks for hanging
out thanks for always liking that like
button you guys blow my mind every day I
will see you tomorrow don't forget to
smile bar smile just keep smiling smile
I saw in yesterday's vlog you guys
noticed that I there's Hollywood I want
to know it first around the world sound
light
see Australia number four Oh
