what up guys good morning I uh I guess
you guys didn't like you a little prank
I pulled on you yesterday with the my
last vlog come on I'm a prankster you
have to deal with it that's who I am
what's going on in here all right guys
you don't look like anything done dude
oh that's pretty good that's pretty good
oh no feet you got to keep your feet up
sorry
you're gonna eat go hard
one good one I need to get a clean one
right at the office check now to get the
chili today baby hot fresh organic
delicious hot chilli
it's my cheese man doing a food blog
here brought my own sour cream you got
to bring all your own stuff when you
when you work in a prank environment
because nothing is safe nothing is safe
so it's October 1st which means we have
19 days until we shoot our movie we
start in 19 days so I'm super pumped to
bring you guys along
I know it's still another 19 days away
but it's coming it's getting really
serious I've been in the office for five
hours today doing all the last details
and we go location scouting for the next
week and it's pretty legit I'm super
excited thank you guys for sticking
around man
thank you I pulled that little prank
yesterday that I told you guys I was
gonna quit vlogging it's just for fun
like that's that's like what I want to
do more is you guys never get to see the
sarcastic side of me I'm always pretty
just straightforward but I'm a very
sarcastic human being I say things that
are very sarcastic all the time so I
want you guys to know that side of me I
want you to really know me natural-born
spankers no movie coming soon seven a
few minutes we are taking this
double-sided tape and putting it on
every single thing
that baryons even as penned I've done
he's ready doesn't even make sense
because you can see it for the exit this
and I love us grab he grabs that all day
keys
however what US media usually put not
every way do you think I'll see it if
you better close with that like
Halloween put it let's go excuse be
distracting should set off his car alarm
please 3 but they're lovely morning oh
good yeah Manju kita you guys are so
lucky didn't erase anything for you
before you came in I was like wait what
if there's fallen and then I went up I'm
right there never gonna fall I've been
in there all day
had a great productive day but I'll tell
you this time don't wait on nobody baby
if you want to do something go do it
stop waiting stop just go do what you
want to do stop talking about no right
now today you probably said you want to
do something you didn't do it I'll do it
tomorrow do it tomorrow
No you'll do it trust me
anyways I'm headed home I'm out of the
office today's been a weird day the
vlogs are really hard when I'm stuck in
that chair all day but I'll keep it
going for you guys I keep it going don't
give up on me don't give up on me
um yeah I'm headed home despite this
traffic this LA traffic see me leaving
them ticks away they easy to be seen you
need to be right behind it where's my
bugger
where is he I see a boogery hand I see a
buggery head hi body
what is mommy doing ah is in the kitchen
Wow this is nice to come home to you
right here serious dinner this is like
oh what's gotten into you lately
I can think of one things got into you
lately
vivid blue we decided to come down to
the hot tub for a little bit after
dinner relax baby
feels really good yeah feels really good
come on this way takes forever it's okay
take your time buddy
daddy I'll cheat dad if I'm over here
feel good so mommy's got you come on
escape the great white mommy you guys
want to get ripped do you want to get
bit hot tub workouts judges times Ajanta
down oh yeah I guess she got what it
takes that hot tub workouts for kids
pull yourself up yeah muscle man they
didn't tank oh why is that my workout
music did I don't even know where I came
let Daddy
one two three if you want to get bit you
want to get fast you got workout not oh
yeah
dare you let's do what I dare you to go
jump in the pool
nope hold it take all the hot dogs in
the world didn't give me an ax how about
ice cream are you talking hey huh you
have fun yeah
I had fun I was hot who is that why they
call it a hot tub or was it just my
massive workout skills
that's right it's uh all right guys I'm
back and gonna end this vlog I hope you
had a fantastic day um I was good mine
was great I hope tomorrow is great for
you guys too I will see you tomorrow and
don't forget the most important part of
the whole day just a smile a little bit
love you guys only takes a second one
little second just like that I love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget smile more the CEO you busy
I a busy I you give her this one
you love it is it cool I didn't know the
wheels
