hey welcome your your new your new home
is here you finally have a place to
sleep
baby super solid swing in there let's do
it
welcome to the vlog guys hello hello hey
flash nice and calm for your new house
is here / you got a new home I know it's
cold it's super cool to actually
flurried snow a little bit ice look what
is in your hair oh my back real quick oh
here we go here we go check this out hey
donkey
hey Empire he's like is that mine is
that my new house oh you've got a fort
dude is it cool it's pretty awesome
right go up there I'm gonna I mean I
guess yourself I'm gonna let Brittany
explain this because this is complete
surprise to me as well I had no idea
what this is some sleeping bed I mean I
wish we had it the summer would be
camping in here all summer if I was
Caine's age even up the nose age this is
awesome this is amazing it's like every
kid's journey right here little for all
right let me get you inside it's too
cold so much warmer explain to everybody
what that is out there where did it come
from what is it Jess you know Jess okay
my brother's wife for Jessa's kids and
they kind of outgrew it and shortened so
she didn't want anymore
so that was theirs yeah I bought it I've
know just a very very long time
I've never seen that in my life and just
as mom's house never been there hey hi
so where's the camera been for the last
two days dad Cora
you know she's sleepy I know you wanted
a room outside so got your new room
what's your gaming PC out there you can
just your bye buddy I love you check it
out
Empire come here you can sleep in here
too come on buddy night get in there
take or what and it's got this little
porch swing run peekaboo
like a little troll and that's where the
porch swing
thanks it's so incredibly nice outside
no it is like
welcome welcome it's cold it's sleeting
like ice hair whatever you want to call
it it's yucky it's wet it's you know
it's not it's not ideal weather to be
outside playing is what I'm saying
what do you think of the weather chase I
can't say there's a family show a little
buggy buggy back here guys okay so this
next part guys I've been waiting a very
long time in the state of Ohio when you
apply for supressor you have to fill out
some paperwork ship to give number and
it takes about six months now this
probably doesn't mean anything to most
of you but I'm very excited because I
have waited about six months and they're
finally here right now so I'm gonna go
get these real quick pump I'm excited
I've been waiting a long time
for your safety uh-huh no okay on case
there unbolted firearms in this store
okay so ship with these back should take
these back in the car and not well I've
been working out no sir
carry these back to the car taking two
things I waited five months for this
little stack of boxes right here boom
five months for that right there chase
we walked in here chases never shot full
auto ever
if you're gonna do it this is the spot
to listen go as always you got it let's
see we got to get a bad guy like this
guy right here this guy good oh he looks
he looks like a beggar are you ready
I'll be yelling cuz I can't hear it my
own self what mr. bad guy up for chase
you gonna hit him I'm out I mean that's
cool
problem Hey yeah just like the movies
headshots only Oh got a cheek right
cheek still ahead it's still a headshot
he's a zombie stead one shot that is
sick
here you go slap it there you go all
right ready what do you think yo we
should just back that up thank you
that's amazing dude that was uh between
me and you let's see how we oh he's hurt
end damage
Reese yo we tell there's a lyric up
there's only a couple yeah that's not
bad I won't worry about that little guy
yo that's some good shootin not bad at
30 feet we got to take his gun out all
right
don't take his gun out he's gonna shoot
at us we have to pull II got a gun the
whole hand
good luck bad guy just because I'm bad
guy does be non bad guy
dangos ahora what it's never enough
bullets Wow
take it out take your mouth so fast
alright no you tell us if he would still
be able to I've seen it
oh okay well we damaged his gun his
actual guns broken yeah
and let those knuckles are gonna be hurt
that's a hurt hand even still only a
couple off oh yeah you're right
that is definitely you're alright well
that was an unexpected stop today that
was great and it's not fully snowing yes
so I mean I'm ready for snow if it's
gonna be cold I always say at least but
yeah just pass it I just passed it okay
stop that stuff to stop everybody chill
chill chill show everybody question
traitor oh that's
I gotta go wide it's a big vehicle guys
hang on so what was gonna be a very
quick run out to this place ended up
being Jason never shot full auto so it's
like we got to shoot full auto and then
there's a place called general
merchandise that no one wanted to go
through so we're going to that now which
by the way if you ever get the chance to
shoot a little dude because that was
something dude you can't be closed
they're closed no I'm so sorry bud I
know you wanted to come here you know
what I have logged in the past coming
here accidentally on a Monday this would
be the second time so can I make up for
it and go get you a milkshake
yeah only the best listen all I'm saying
all Noah saying is vanilla is fire it is
like the greatest invention next to the
light bulb it's like step one all
flavors in the entire universe
how can you only get vanilla when
there's Santa's cookies right you make a
great point but the vanilla here is
something else it's like it's not Vinay
don't think of it vanilla think of as
the best milkshake ever right yeah I'm
looking for the best milkshake not sure
I'm gonna find it no I'm gonna order no
see even she's saying vanilla all right
are you ready chase I know you're ready
we all got to get in here ready on
cheese you guys ready all right tell me
what you think stop oh my god you don't
like it my name is that's the best thing
you've ever happened we hyped it up so
much we're gonna say it's bad no matter
what it could be the best thing
everybody like I expected a little
vanilla fairies dancing on my tongue
sprinkling a lot around vanilla you got
the wrong vanilla no and I got the same
knowing you went off and got your own
vanilla you just cut it listen to us
chase eat your peppermint Santa patty
what are you God well looks like the
little house is getting used already
definitely not where it's good
definitely not where it's gonna live
we're trying to figure out where to put
it on the property pretty cool okay what
you think you like it homework done boys
okay all right okay all right I guess we
Neal
whoo there is yes Oscar I might be scary
enough BAM
good job Emily hey so hates three of
them Oh
Oh like they standing up to hide me here
he comes for another round another tasty
treat he goes snap yo he got big what'd
you guys think the homework for looks
more like you're in trouble
escape the zombies coming Liza run the
zombies coming Liza no girl you gotta go
yeah
the zombies come in a beautiful
innocence of a child man they're so
priceless is like nothing oh how cute
that's pretty cool oh you guys are the
guards
what's your weapons oh you just you just
shot your brother
all right smile more Cora smile Maura
she been rolling now are you rolling on
your bet not with the camera here yay
just I'm just gonna run Cora say hello
say Manasa Brizzy said horse rolling
over I bet I've seen her do it once but
never on camera trying to capture her
she's starting to move
she's darting a groove you getting crazy
I want to see oh oh oh get it Cora I
think I caught it get it girl
we come into this world so helpless
she's got it help her a little bit help
her
yeah yeah go new order Halloween card
but what's going on what's what's
happening
it's Ritz moving a bunch of stuff around
her office is completely destroy dude
who who sent this old picture of me I
haven't seen that photo forever
I remember when you do I look so good in
this picture oh wait this is fake
everyone crap what are you crazy little
puppies doing huh asleep waked up you're
gonna be up all night you're gonna be up
all night
what's up spongebob sleepy pants oh
you're not you look sleepy
you got it loud enough so what do you
guys think of new little cabin log Cates
no you got a spider on your arm there's
a spider got him got him
obviously spongebob stealing the show
right now Britney's pretty much asleep
we this guy's that is that's gonna do it
for today we got a Britney and I got a
really fun day lined up for tomorrow so
there would definitely be a vlog thanks
for hanging out thanks for sticking
around I even know what I feel really
today I feel like it's kind of cutting
off early but now I can't even now I
can't even blog cuz I'm staring at
spongebob I can't I'm so bad my arm is
taking control I have no control of my
arm right now I can't stop it from doing
things
Oh what we're trying to sell your muffin
Oh baby Oh careful careful don't this
shirt I like this shirt we we we we we
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
what do they gotta do
you
