what up guys good morning to you another
beautiful day I hope your day is perfect
just walking into the office now yeah
get some lights on in here so dark right
here a little better
it's Monday it's Monday first try
Monday's first try Monday's is what
we're gonna follow how'd I know that
yeah
and it's a lot it looks so good yeah
my favorite thing about appreciate you
know what is and what's not even his
folder has berry on it he's tape
dispenser his stapler his iPhone charger
what else yeah I mean there's literally
just maps okay oh yeah there's a Barry's
Maps good box hopeful kind of sane is
this a very very don't forget about the
three-ring binder puncher we should go
change everything forget about the
laptop charger Jesus is everywhere
scissors where's the scissors very like
finding new stuff every couple minutes
achieved
no feet you cheap yes where are my
chairs but this is it possible from you
nothing for you
indian-style go sit on your knees
awesome no because your feet are making
you stop because your brain is telling
you not to let you go backwards engage
first there's the way we're just leaving
the office for the day me and B we are
gonna stop Brittany's making us lunch
she's spelling a poison years well
probably man she will she gonna put on
that horror a scary mask serious no
we're gonna go finish this video for
Vitaly today we didn't get it done last
week what happened it will work talk
because the reactions every reaction is
gonna be like a violent route back old
school d'Italia coming back pain where's
your clothes dude it wasn't hey baby
hey mmm shredding chicken look at you I
think you do need your own cooking show
my gosh hey buddy what is this going on
here what is this flood but it's just
called splat
all right here would he think she killed
it wrong
this girl can't cook she can cook look
at these homemade quesadillas chicken
and what about it
that's what you want to show me oh I'm
so excited I just want to eat sorry guys
I gotta go
we are back at Venice Beach trying to
wrap up a video it's a fun video but
it's tedious it's hard it's not like
every action doesn't work at all
it's either it works really good or what
we call the walk of shame where it
doesn't work at all and you have to
leave looking like an idiot
that's the worst oh really
watch them I'm Jeff Jeff Jeff Ferguson
where are you from I'm from Sydney
Australia
oh hell dude that's my dream oh my good
Australia's chillin man like I'm
virtually from Bombay but yeah just up
there it's just a small light east coast
of Australia like a point so right on
your mantle surf a hippie town dude
can't do anything right on this board
find out
Oh what's up it's my favorite skate shop
but something for you man really true
look at this
no way Oh way why did you do that my
employee he Kimmy is with burn-in yeah
who did this they don't to meet him
holy shit this was totally I'm so sorry
every time I come in here you surprised
me dude yo I swear to God I just walked
in to say hi to the guy that owns the
skate shop check it out they put rope in
that went on a board he said it's been
sitting there for like a month and a
half well he's been waiting for you to
come yeah he was like I was just waiting
for you to come in dude big shout out to
Venice boards man that's sick we we've
wrapped up yet another day of filming it
went really good actually I actually got
some decent reactions how do you think
it went bronzer good oka thought we
almost got my dog that's that's always a
good day I didn't bill talked we'd never
get luck not impossible nobody's
actually gonna knock yeah it's all
we have it anyways headed to the store
right now to get some supplies are doing
a little photo tonight you guys should
like it should be pretty controversial
for you guys it's gotta figure out where
I'm going
yeah we just got to a target to look for
some supplies in this photo shoot you
can't take you nowhere it's like Cain's
pushing the car right now no it's not
really a photo shoot just a fun photo
that I came up with and Batali's gonna
actually shoot it on his new camera
which should look a lot better than my
phone which I usually take it on
I need duct tape don't let me down
target here we go here we go oh they got
all the fun duct tape roll do gummy
bears you still be funny I'll need it I
can't read on it
okay you can't no no cause what kind of
it oh my gosh dude I can't have it look
strict strict strict building reasons I
got it so we can share you're not even
paid for it just put it back on the
shelf yo we just ran into a killer fan
named Michael he has what's the search
word what spirit disease parts he's had
over 300 surgeries on his throat and he
whispers for life mal dude that's
amazing bro Bryan so you're lucky you
can even talk we have some incredible
fans man this guy just came up I just
showed you in his vlog three hundred
surgeries on his throat he lost his
voice 14 years ago he was fought so he
wasn't born with it he became uh
basically speechless he whispers his
whole life now absolutely pretty
inspiring actually big shout-out to you
did thanks for coming up and saying hi
man just got back to my place second we
walk in the door I got my Tali addicted
to this game already dude
why are you so good at it that's what
I'm wondering but you're starting it's
too hard of a level give me a look at
nice it would be I like this girl has
been a cooking machine I'm still stuffed
from earlier ah
but what we got now homie chilli is it
good good good good ten out of ten she's
been preparing food for the last few
days all from scratch chilli it looks
absolutely amazing I wish you guys could
smell mac and cheese for King but he
didn't need it
recent le0 homemade mac and cheese it
opened everything takes so long you
can't just pour a box of mac and cheese
and make it now she's got to prepare
everything from scratch oh yeah I'm
mainly going to show you guys what we're
doing completely but hmm
new prank you prank maybe look at me
okay look at the camera the whole time
you're fucking with all these camera yes
ready
look at the camera cane
regulations can you read god oh did you
reserve a monster what are you turning
your to okay usually in a photo shoot
you would pay the people that do the
photos with you
so okay wait right here this is your
payment I'm gonna go get your payment
ready stay there
here's your payment
yo this picture is so sick it's amazing
we try to do this yesterday Cain was too
scared of the mask he wasn't scared but
he he wasn't scared for us to wear but
he just didn't want to wear it so today
I told him if he did it that I would
give him a big surprise so I mean Vitali
went out and picked this out and he
definitely earned it he did not even
make a complaint stood there and took 65
photos with the tally pretty amazing
turn it into my little superstar
I will trap mommies mommies build a
truck yo let me see this bike dude I've
never seen a hot little fight that's
what it was supposed to be with the
track this is awesome okay let's see the
very first one whoa awesome alright guys
obviously that photo will be on my
Instagram and Facebook page go check it
out and like it's absolutely terrifying
boom ramping trucks and cars and that's
gonna bout do it for tonight it's a fun
day fun night
very productive very busy and we will
reset tomorrow start funky fresh I love
you guys thanks so much for the love the
support yes this is a lot of trash
ah you guys we'll see you tomorrow
thanks a lot
and smile let's watch mommy fall big
jump we are setting up camp right here
good spot
