what up guys good morning we are going
on a Sunday adventure Sunday fun day
today with Sam Harrison Mitali
we're gonna go have some fun I swear to
make a quick stop and get one we had to
make a quick stop
I have no swimwear nothing to swim in
yeah no shoes to jump in the water with
hipster hipster oh it's not even Roman
oh yes that's yeah oh dude I could prank
like this nobody'll know me what is it
Oh Reese's yeah we got till tomorrow
come on perfect all right here we go
here we go let's get on that road you
starting early son
that's we're gonna go down back down
that mountain we are I feel like we're
in the middle nowhere
wait I don't even know where it is right
wrong look this is gonna be sick you
want to you want to just wrap the car
off
I'm ready shall we do it now you just
hit that rail just jump alright we've
just arrived to I guess the only spot
that you can actually park and it's like
looks like about a few mile hike that
you have to hike up this road into these
mountains
you guys seen Sam's Rolls Royce Lee this
it's scary in here bro
I just want to get out of here
what was a snake amazing absolutely
beautiful
they say that's a trail back that's the
time in the distance that here's the
trial come and have a look why wait
really and they vote for these trails
wait how can you go down there that's
not the trail it's a lot the guy just
got up from there just climb down a
ladder and walk across the front half of
the dance oh it's not too deep and then
you climb up a ladder okay and then you
walk across the top of that one yeah
yeah once there you can see the trail on
the far side of the dam there just goes
down and leads to all those bushes so
we're going down a ridiculous steep I
don't even think the camera shows how
steep this is but we have to climb down
here I think I can pretty much have to
have my hands so I'm not gonna really
plug this
there is no trail it's just hiking over
rock why what about snakes you still
thinking about snakes this is incredibly
sad right here this is a truck that came
down that mountain holy cow man you
imagine I mean it didn't drive itself
we're so close yeah I don't know who
this is amazing
we are so close
made it to the bottom row and then we're
name we didn't bring spoons so I got to
use a granola bar
it is a granola bar to eat my pudding
until he's all like hanging his body off
the dam but he gets down here he's like
I need some sunscreen
now the fun part we got to get to the
top the worst part is is you come down
here and you get really tired and then
you forget that you have to go back up
this mountain no it doesn't matter you
would die come on almost
whatever I do
let's show you guys what goes made it
look easy
we're close we made it back to the Rolls
Royce the olds royce found just kidding
i love this car sit your the hood that
emergency stop now everybody is
exhausted don't wake up for me bro go
back to sleep I ripped the highway we
are we're on our way back to cleaned up
dry off and go get food we're all
starving
look rolls-royce rolls-royce rolls-royce
with rolls-royce to Beverly Hills
is he asleep you're not gonna hit the
brake you're gonna swerve the car
it's so soft yeah we're sorry dude I
told him to a little place called the
Cheesecake Factory it's like my new la
restaurant I got out back in Ohio now I
gotta Cheesecake Factory anywhere else
no I have Cheesecake Factory know how
but I never go there seems like when I'm
in LA always good at Cheesecake Factory
let's show you what relationships are
turning into he is honestly playing
candy crush I'm not even kidding he's
playing candy crush while his girlfriend
see why the call is over well she's on
her phone - wow they're so happy
together
I just realized they didn't get their
boots here you can guess what I got hot
wings and fries hot wings and fries it's
nurse tomorrow yeah die starts tomorrow
8:4 at a meeting right now there's this
bill displayed it is nothing like a
finish I'm finishing rice and this
months ago yeah oh look at these two are
so cute bro you're full buddy
Oh
everybody on the whole street bro Oh
guys how do I tell you this I'm tired
I'm done I'm spent
cheesecake is good actually you know
what I wouldn't have a babies you want a
baby yeah you say any possible way we
can make somebody know all right guys
we're calling it a night
we love yeah we both love yeah actually
it's not just me here there's a lot of
love in this room
it's how he wants to make babies so much
love in this room there's cheesecake in
the fridge
you got good I'm good I'm gonna eat it
tonight a dice tomorrow we've got eat
it's Mike's tomorrow diet and they
diverged kidding tomorrow you'll see
you'll see you guys will see we love you
I will see you tomorrow don't forget
