hi you gotta admit this looks pretty
good bacon eggs and sausage it looks so
good that even Batali now wants to make
hey you know what the body bill is just
what do they do stay here one second if
I find it oh wait
egg whites
that's just egg whites yeah but eggs are
not bad you know too much egg for -
remember that's just egg white oh my
gosh you're not gonna believe who I have
with me today brother from another
mother Natural Born prankster do this
awesome all the friggin road mizue we've
been like no deal with you didn't man
yeah yeah let's wrestle or we're broke
up or broke up we don't even know we
don't talk no war we don't love each
other man total total fallout man
awesome drama I love it it's like no
it's like this I'm in LA he's in Ohio
I'm in Ohio he's in LA we're all working
on new projects and big things so it's
like it's it's it's just a different
world now and we're gonna play catch-up
because we're about to be filming this
movie yeah so we had a few hours today
we said let's go out and do something MA
let's do something fun like we used to
do so we're out looking for Frank and
dirty Frank and dirty we're out bringing
dirty other on the Ritz ritzy of the
Ritz
we're looking for fancy cars today not
really hard to find in this area it is a
Lambo the model body is who remembers
this prank
look I just wrote it so sorry I hit your
car have no money to fix it looks like
you can afford it and there's some views
could be on the nicest come on we're on
Rodeo Drive I've never seen rain in LA
it's actually sprinkling let's start see
it on the road this is probably the
sickest paint job I've ever seen on a
Ferrari
oh my god
Oh
I know if you guys have been dying to
see what the new Honda Civic looks like
I just want to show you all this for the
new Honda Civic what's up with that yeah
it's a new Honda Civic is that the new
Honda Civic as everybody is which one
this here is that I have no idea who
body I've heard about is that the new
Honda Civic yeah
and that that's the new one they really
made some body changes in there we're
gonna try to get this McLaren right here
or UFO whatever that is good what's up
so I never thought I was he yeah what do
you assume so came here rody and I just
come out and bang out stuff man just
make it happen it's like the dynamic duo
I swear yep yep yep yes I work with
everybody in anybody right that you
probably have seen on YouTube but this
guy when we get together it just it just
goes does go that's why we need to get
together more I know people want more
pranks
Slick's do you guys want more rolling
and Dennett even though I hate you and
you hate me dude we can still make rice
you still make pranks just Oh what's up
man I think we should absolutely get
jump on in water's warm
nice watch me although it is getting
difficult to film pranks more and more
every day it gets more difficult because
people recognize the moment all over a
picture it and the bigger the group to
like fits me Dennis Vitaly it like all
of us in a group it just stick out so
fast sucks this is the new Lamborghini
right here
hey maybe maybe we should ask them for
directions steep excuse me I'm sorry you
know how to get to Rodeo Drive
not smile more come on what's wrong with
you
oh really I don't like this neighborhood
rev it up rev it up rev it up must be or
must be a rental let's do a little
old-time fool all good luck for you guys
I got the classic six-year-old menu here
chicken fingers and fries and I got the
epic bison burger
who's got the Jason Statham classic
it's time to eat van looy three we've
been working so hard it's been like two
hours of pranking and got that ran for
the prod
and then well this party really died but
one hour later Pepe LePew I love
watching him fall sister he doesn't give
up ever I will have you I used to want
like this yeah couple hours later nobody
here
it's like Ohio right now - the palm
trees look little time a little time
right now I want to tie on a time I
untie them so I can tell my professional
attire and I have a unique way of doing
it
see this wanna loop see that what a
professional you see that all right we
just got back to the tallies and yeah
the tallies not here why it's so quiet
what'd you do something to him what do
we do
we need to prank him do you know it was
probably messes something off is dead I
put this little spot you see what I did
with the pudding right I'd put all the
pudding traps on his bed what's up guys
I just yanked Romans camber from him
because I can't stand them I wanted to
tell you how much I hate him I want you
to hear from my mouth I can't stand on a
cellular level he's done I'm flagging
all my videos every video that I'm in
with Roman Atwood I'm flagging it it's
gone deleting the channel I'm out no
movie no Roman Atwood I'm out completely
away because I just hate him so much all
the comments you guys left are
completely false
come on guys you love the drama what is
wrong with you I love that guy he's like
my brother
we're like two brothers that went to two
separate colleges right now or something
just because we're not together doesn't
mean we don't love each other
he's my boy I love him to death so get
ready for the movie get ready for a new
video we just did and get ready for more
epicness from all of us take your sand
out of the vagina and quit leaving all
these negative comments alright alright
so I tell he's not here we decided to a
harmless little gag you
hmm dude's got the whole set here man
how convenient for us a very very simple
gag where we just remove his front door
and lay it on the ground the only reason
why we're doing that is because Patel
has got a temper by the way we just know
that like the lowest things base
Battaglia the littlest things
I mean you wear your shoes in here he
gets pissed I will you take his door
down as probably piss yeah
it's harmless so we're just gonna lay it
down on the ground it's like super
simple throw the screwdriver that cheap
shit oh my god I'm just too strong yeah
you're a muscle wall
I said no door
what would you do if you came home he
thinks Dennis and I are both at Dennis's
apartment would you do if your door was
down and all your cupboards were open
when everything did all the drawers
covers I would have a heart attack
are you kidding yeah that's why yeah but
that's gonna block my big camera what
would I put in the bedroom put it in the
bedroom here's no TV oh shit he's gone
doors kicked in cupboards everything's
over flip out every right to let's kill
these lights yeah drop it like yes
perfect I love it
I'll never see that and hide this better
yeah
looks like his place has been robbed bro
it's like a robbery to me man
where we gonna hide in the bedroom we
should be in the patio
nice one fuck you fuck you
I saw the gold bro come out be scared
bro Oh we'll never do that again
no I was like I was like okay no MacBook
was like you sure took the I'm out
that's all I cares I knew I even thought
that it was God I'm gonna free s all
that imma cause it's okay yeah the
floors going through the kitchen I was
like there was no red flasher here let
me see this fucker
ah you know what I did when I opened
know what I did I'm like I open is like
why is your wing do you guys got me for
a second divided you have lived with the
fucking you guys were not here like you
flew from a high and did that I would
have believed your awesome sport bro
what we were out there the whole time
like for 40 minute and you know how I
knew it was you because you texted me
when you're coming
40 minutes we're like all night we're
gonna be trying to cheer him up he's
gonna be so fun you guys put everything
back yeah yeah yeah well why are you
fucking to the kitchen it's so gay we
just thought you should know like
they're looking for stuff like criminals
look for stuff better the port was open
I just not know yeah well we got that
hammer Oh Isis me broke just look just
look I stood there literally for good it
just camera
my arm
coachable I froze look at something I
told you this I forgot where my lights
which she was this is awesome oh I fell
to my gold plastic mom did get robbed I
didn't see everything's gone he took
something I go and then I looked down as
I go poor GoPro GoPro I'm looking for a
GoPro I was about to call you but I
don't want to call you because I feel
like a robber will not because I'm so
quiet I feel like the robbers are still
just frozen bro you don't want to do and
how's it huh
okay so easy it was like 19 see it was
like let me put a flashlight there's
yeah I do we kill today yeah he killed I
hate you I hate you bro oh my young
heart more what is the going on bro
alright guys that is gonna wrap up
today's vlog and what are you working on
gross bye this is you that's all you're
putting on there
diet starts tomorrow right
tally starting to start tomorrow you
guys have our word script I'm serious
that tomorrow die stars we are in Italy
been selling the pie guys closed
tomorrow for the past 45 vlog anyways
anyways forget about that die start
small for both of us actually I'm
getting two we're hanging out at the sky
I need to start dieting leus we just eat
all day and night well we love you
thanks for hanging out tomorrow we're
going cliff diving that's right we're
gonna jump off some cliffs in Malibu
right we love you guys thanks for
hanging out things we're legging in
thanks for all the love we'll see you
tomorrow
don't forget smile how are you
No
