hey what's up guys good morning to your
beautiful day as always here in LA we
have a very short meeting today which
I'm excited about because usually we
spend all day in here we're only gonna
be here for like an hour
yesterday I was watching the movie purge
and all you hear is Brooke yeah it's
some girl throw up it's okay going up
I'm measuring a lot today I think you
your diet starts today
or is it tomorrow it's good today
today uh-huh I start today that's a meat
today everything is empty man this is
what happens midweek can't wait till
Monday all right that wasn't bad and
running here that long maybe an hour
hour and a half right and what are we
doing now
manicure pedicure bye ladies the Tally's
talking me into get a manicure pedicure
you got a blame it on me cuz I've never
done it before I know I I just got
introduced to the week because they
paint like scrub your feet and stuff
it's a visit tickle yeah Chico they're
all so ticklish yeah my girlfriend by
the way yeah you guys dating now we're
dating
that's cute I thought this was your
girlfriend last year
it's a beautiful mornin we got all these
horses but nowhere to gallop
go nowhere Bruce Almighty gets out that
car
no way everyone's so scared of Itali
he's only this big it's only that big
good yeah
do you want a picture
how are you the cheese I'm a first-timer
here first-time firstime firsttime big
mess
yeah he he wants his nails painted make
sure you paint them yeah one of those
over there
nice haircut Tom haircut time networking
we're tuning up the bodies today all
right here we go
Olivia hold on Mario time for that
haircut man get that that crusty hairs
forever all right just like that I'm a
new boy I'm a new boy like this cute
little guy looking good night good job
Maya Quixote activate Ally's already to
eat we do we've already eaten so much
just cook some sausage get that grease
out we don't want that grease this is
how dudes eat without girls look three
sausages on I mean three yeah three
sausages and mustard I can't imagine how
we mean if Brittany was here your mom
was here they always cook food this is
nice I like this is good no this is good
I guess I'm headed out with my manager
slash yo John say hi say hi don't be shy
up guys my uh we're going to meet with
I'm not gonna give up any names but very
big director producer of like bad
grandpa Nitro Circus jackass
no names upsetted there there ahead we
headed there now for last-minute Friday
meeting it's almost 5 o'clock and see
how this goes
so just get over to Alex's on this
company is hooking me and you up with
something cool tonight and Alex has it
build me up look who's here hey has he
got some more Instagram followers he
does he's all he's just about to hit
6,000 holy cow dude you're getting
famous
girl yeah and then she said I'm going to
send my friends over so that is that
real is that real on your shirt right
there right here is that real oh is that
real
look put on your right you're tuned
don't step on step on currently on the
behind-the-scenes set of harvey open
your mouth we're working on a very big
project like I said okay ready okay here
we go
Harvey if you can hear me it's Harvey
Harvey Harvey you couldn't hear me
turn around Harvey Harvey if you can
hear me turn around Parker
Harvey came here hush okay we just
walked to the Third Street Promenade
ramen a proper brahmana Alex it is
wonderful friends we're gonna grab some
food I'm starving I've not eaten for a
while couple hours
this place is packed I'm so jealous
right now
I'll show you my 95 and what creeps are
jealous
ah beautiful man
I just got to this place called the
California Pizza Kitchen
like most people haven't heard of it I'm
actually heating here one time
I got this delicious rum drink full of
rum and strawberries and healthy health
it's healthy it's just good for you and
I got free flatbread because it's my
first time here you guys enjoy enjoy
don't be shy here it is here it is you
guys ready oh I got it I got it I
got it
alright so Alex's buddy Jake works for
this company called shark wheels I don't
know if you guys have ever heard of this
they're square wheels basically that
they look square not too much on camera
actually maybe I gotta be at a name
they're freaking wild basically he
hooked us up he gave me three packs of
their wheels to give to you guys and a
full board you think this is my board
yeah
really odd sick you know I love it dude
thank you so much I actually love this
board yo how should I give these wheels
away I don't know why should I get the
wheels right hey Jacob what are you
going to yo yeah I've rode this board
yeah my shark wheels it's sick they're
awesome I love them and they're so I got
red orange and blue if you ride long
boards or will you spit on a regular
skateboard or just like a little bit of
it because this boards not that big I
would suggest a longboard type if you're
that you're scary and you have to have
the wide trucks right yeah these are 70
millimeter so if you skate you kind of
know what works yeah right on alright
well he hooked it up everybody thank
Jake in short wheels dude I'm excited
about this
I didn't even bored huh oh my god you
getting so Eddie
yeah here we go this is awesome he's
ridin you ridin dude gonna turn you're
running crash it's looking at you like
what do I do
what makes these wheels so much better
than a regular wheel well they're faster
than normal wheels because there's less
surface area touching the ground can
also roll over sand rocks dirt water
gravel way better than they kind of
shoots them out yeah shoots them out the
back and shoots him out the sides did I
love it looks so thick it also has great
grip on turns but you can also slide
really well when you want to it's kind
of a best of both world I can't wait to
bust my face with this thing I'm known
for that
what are you tired oh no baby can't make
it for the long haul
he tricked me our store tonight is
winning down you guys want to help
tonight wait to the bar oh yeah I still
have to drink tonight my daily drinking
and I cry alright guys I'm back at the
apartment I uh
Alex and his buddies went out to the bar
I'm just like exhausted ready to pass
out
I um got these badass wheels I want to
give to you guys let me know how you
think I should give these away I got
three sets I want to make it simple I
don't want you to have to like videos or
nothing I just look what's a good way to
give these away you know I don't really
have it I give them away tomorrow I'll
read the comments I love you guys I will
see you tomorrow
until then smile more yeah I love you
buddy
so good it's a great brother ah
