what's up guys good morning beautiful
day I want to oh yo they got all the new
brand new Honda Civics out here this is
nice you know speaking of Honda's I mean
they must just be giving these things
away I don't know last I checked they
only charge an arm and a leg for it so
alright guys going to hook up with a
couple of my favorite people right now
to film some pranks for the whole
weekend and I don't know if this is the
right way I found them what are you
ornery Birds up to you you guys are
always up to no good prank and dirty
found them at third Street I thought you
weren't allowed to be here anymore I'm
not allowed to be at Santa Monica place
third Street is okay he actually got a
one-year ban for his escalator prank
that he shot down the street but not
just that third street all the malls all
of the ones that they owned which
includes like the Oaks and Thousand Oaks
along with like awesome did good for you
man Dennis and I have a couple lifetime
bans yeah we're not ever for the rest of
my life allowed in the library at the
OSU campus it's a criminal trespassing
yeah yeah this is the angriest father
you've ever seen I have to run in to the
store to buy something for my prank it's
been stressing me out so bad not having
pranks for you guys you may not know it
but if I'm not filming or uploading for
you guys I really really stress out it's
not healthy
so I got a really fun public Frank I'm
about to show you what I'm gonna do
yeah on a milk what would I use the guy
on a note for it no it's not the gallon
smash I promise I'm not doing that
but I want to all right bro
I got this glass of milk and I'm gonna
drink it with my mind did I ready
whoa I almost got it all let's go
another time dude
that it's magic dude so I'm gonna go do
this on the streets and see how people
react it's really silly it's really cute
it's probably like a smile more video
Omega 2017 a gospel hip-hop rapper man
I'm up here take me out you to anywhere
you know this my boy and he been
pranking people too
too many times I changed my look I just
got changed my look yeah go skeet ball
yeah hat that's that sweater what up
dude what do you mean you guys know
we're like a target is around here like
Best Buy Target
really yeah so just make it right out of
here
tough to you stare staring at me all
funny
looks like gotta watch that yeah oh yeah
oh oh just make it right yeah yeah watch
this dude I'll drink this milk without
even I almost got it
almost all of it all of it tips y'all
shooting a video right here in this
chart um guys yeah you guys know where
target is or something like that
yeah like uh what's that this your boy
house you guys showing some magic watch
watch watch watch ready ready I'm gonna
drink it without even touching it ready
ready ready
oh we got it kid what's the matter I'll
show a magic I'm a magician
he's cool he's cool I just did this
reaction this lady was I'm not sure what
was going on her dude like she
block she would not let me do this
little this little trick and her kid was
so happy about it so I just kept
continuing with it
I felt so bad I left the kid 10 bucks
she would not let him take it and she
wouldn't take it so I just left it on
his book bag but there probably left it
she was smiling ear-to-ear such a silly
bit take it I'll just leave it here you
guys can have oh I almost got all of it
it's um but that's the horror this is
the fact one swig without touching it
you ready ready ready here we go I got
to put a lot of thought into this
Oh what's up what do you mean luck what
do you mean what do you mean it's
impossible I just did it right in front
of your face what do you mean how it's
magic yeah did you see it I just did it
was full it was yeah you only feel about
huh I'm gonna shoot it out of my mouth
I miss setting quick baby is getting
hard I'm not gonna lights getting hard
to film pranks busted like looking like
looking like how I normally like I'm
have to change it up big time dude
that's the tour but how many times three
times four times three times I probably
did it - I'd say 50%
yeah 50% I probably did eight to ten
people I'm probably at busted four five
times well lastly didn't know you but
she was like let me see that yeah I'm in
love with a stripper I'm not I I don't
even hang out with in places don't judge
me yes I told you guys I was gonna do a
contest on Instagram about two weeks ago
so I came here to do it I'm gonna do the
kid what's that
I told you I was gonna do a giveaway so
I'm gonna do that I was coming here to
do a big jar of candy like I always do I
ask you guys how many is in the jar and
then Dennis was like why don't you do
nerds tiny little candies and now I'm
upset because they don't have nerves and
I really want nerds all right guys I got
everything I can't show you the bags
because then you guys will you guys will
figure it out I'm doing that challenge
on Instagram right now it's up what up
alley just doing my thing I like I like
how you moved the rack downstairs bro
yeah it's just so you don't have to walk
all the way the bedroom came out of the
closet yet the Alex is and we're really
not doing much nothing I am gonna get my
contest I'm gonna fill this with mini
M&Ms may we're gonna try to guess how
many is in the jar Oh see for me maybe
it's because I I like to drink I thought
you were gonna make a drink of that oh
you can keep this super shot glass yeah
big a big big straw big umbrella for a
comment
okay all right guys there it is how many
of you think how many think there is one
hundred eleven hundred you know no I go
for one dollar there's a dollar
I'm gonna guess now these are these are
M&M minis so keep that money I'm gonna
go with eight hundred thousand eight
hundred thousand million all right guys
so it is up right now Instagram and
Facebook you got two chances to win go
hit it you guessed the number in this
jar and you're the winner so it's up its
up right now go check it out yo look how
porkchop is Harvey's gone look at this
dude Harvey we don't want to play
oh yeah you want to eat it you and Kane
can hit it with that face dude look at
that face lucky man you know a lot of
people claim that their dogs look like
their owners do this do this with your
bunkie but how cool
Alec's got his own a-team what is this
liquor yeah champagne champagne look at
this dude alright come on hit me how
much is a bottle if I want to just take
it I want to celebrate with my girl dude
how much is the bottle how much am I
gonna charge you yeah I'm kind
right now so I can get the whole case
box and all 1,500 bucks we just got to a
familiar place for us
organic burger it's it's porno burger
poured over now we've been here before
on the blog but they got organic beef
and I'm getting a salad with their
organic beef on top should be
interesting me and Alex is actually on
the same similar diet yeah like no
sugars healthy no again no and no real
well I'm not doing carbs unless it's
like mornings then I need a Brendon the
hardest part about the diet no alcohol
alright guys we're here check out our
friends at join us
I got probably like the best looking
salad I've ever had in my life oh my god
good it's good it's good oh man things
that have been in my life today this got
rada cut up peaches organic beef dude I
don't even know where to start I don't
even know where to start
alright guys I'm out of there I had a
great fun day I hope you guys enjoyed it
it was fun just going out on the streets
and interacting with people it's always
a blast I'm really stressing out about
getting some big drinks up for you guys
I have one that's almost done that I
wanted up today as you're watching this
but Vitaly went to Vegas and it's a
prank with him so as soon as he gets
back we're gonna wrap it up and have it
up I guess I'll upload it through this
week hopefully other than that I'm just
gonna go home and see
see see my fam see my loved ones I am
back home and we are pushing
monster-truck alright guys I'm back home
I'm gonna call it a night I hope you
enjoyed today's vlog we had a lot of fun
I must spend the rest of the evening
with these little monster this little
monster mm-hmm
I'll see you guys tomorrow I love you
smile more
