hello guys welcome to the vlog are you
ready - yeah you look like a princess
today like a true if my camera wasn't
blurry I swear you look like is that
your mommy's a princess game that's
that's it
mr. K know what mommy and daddy to leave
for a few hours you're such a mommy and
daddy's boy I love you
this camera makes her go straight face
like she just every time she sees it
it's just what is that her see all right
let's go shoes on shoes on that's it I
got this one you get that one mommy I
got this one so the thing about going on
dates is by the time you actually get
out of the house see you're tired you're
exhausted from the kids it's like you
gotta ring them up you got to get the
bags you got to get the bottles get the
water get the gift get to get to get get
your butt over here boy you know it's
probably easier we just leave him by
himself he can just hang out here you're
just gonna stay here okay bud come on
I've got fun with the cats you can take
care of donkey and flash my cane up in
your seat if you want to go well he
almost got off I should just let it go
all right your chariot awaits
I wanna rock rock here your brother
there's stomper truck I love this hoodie
but it's can't pull off a blue hoodie
have I ever won not Lisa
he's mine I never wear blue am I like
ever wear blue
yeah I know you can pull it off but can
I wear and we're off kind of here we go
clippity-clop @e poom ruff the see the
wizard example of Oz gonna grandmum
grapples by amp by empire by flash got
the strong guy out here Brian's trying
so hard to make our yard look better man
we really put a hurt on it this year oh
hey your boobie Travis is home alone 3
yeah we gonna have fun you know just
hoping to paint with Rand Paul so gonna
have this oh my gosh it's awesome it's
beautiful oh wow
put on my hand drop it on my hand these
things are so awesome it's the cane what
are you smiling you're smiling no give
me five
I'll be back super soon all right have
fun oh it is now date time date time
girls do it I want to make go ahead go
ahead
hey you got it you got it I want to
thank everybody for supporting
yesterday's vlog Britney I uploaded a
blog that we filmed five years ago six
it was before we even started this blog
channel we made a vlog and we uploaded
it yesterday has never been seen Britney
- this at this very moment has not seen
it ever you're really funny in it when
I'm in the water and you're making fun
of me oh my gosh I was in tears in my
eyes
so thanks for the support on that we are
going out tonight with our chase
Veronica
fishtank Todd and his wife Steph and we
got tickets the hockey game date night
restaurant of choice usually is well
here's the truth he has been watching
blogs Britney is has a personal trainer
and yo you know the road crazy Britney
has a personal trainer is put on a very
strict diet she said you can have one
cheat meal a week and Britney chose
right here so that's what we're about to
walk in and eat
let me get that for you statement hey
guys I see nigga get here first get this
table good Britney is obviously excited
about her bloomin onion side I mean
she's talked about it for four days
straight I'm pretty sure no just started
raining
who said that game oh okay kind of just
blazed through dinner we uh we got to
figure out where we're taking up our
tickets maybe get up there with some
love to our partners over at seat geek
they've been hooking us up the family up
the kids up with tickets seriously like
insane we've never had box seats in our
life see geek has been hooking us up
they also hooked you guys up every time
I do these videos cuz if you use promo
code Roman are oh ma a.m. you get 20
bucks off your tickets just from using a
promo code $20 off your ticket no idea
download see geeks at look at the first
very top one is the actual hockey game
we're going through right there so you
click on it basically how the app works
is it shows you if you're getting a good
deal somewhere else on your tickets it
rates it like green is good red is bad
so the app helps you find the best price
on tickets and you get a promo code from
me from them so they're hooking us all
up guys go get the app SeatGeek I will
link it in the top of this description
it's free if you go to concerts take the
families that's a nice family night take
them out that mean he said we get to go
pick up some tickets up for us and we're
gonna go over enjoy this hockey game
should be awesome
hockey's so
Oh fun to watch it's great date night -
because it's just so difference like not
movies and stuff it's like fun
entertainment so let's start this beast
up link top description CQ get the app
it's free and save a bunch of money on
your time getting sucked in the steering
wheel there is our hometown baby
Columbus I was born born right here the
one right here at this hospital down
here easy easy we're always laying blue
hoodie blue jacket seems all planned and
planless we lost we lost our group
actually everybody got parking different
spots I don't even know where to go like
I don't come to city he's gonna totally
try to scare you what this is nice like
we're dating in the 1800s you know like
the nice little I'm still so sore
we've been today today we finished our
fourth week at the gym well how you feel
now come on right come on be our ace
what do you mean yeah this is gonna be
our pawn in another month
okay yo this is it this is dumb
this is amazing these are like yo this
is awesome okay so what am I know I was
keen says I kill jump off the couch she
like
one of my favorite things is when the
blue jacket scores a point my goal big
cannon goes off very loud get it get it
boys
Oh mom just kidding just kidding here we
go he's got it oh oh oh oh he's juggling
it I'm touching it I'm not gonna lie I
don't know much about hockey I even said
how many what did I ask no no I didn't
know there were cold periods I asked how
many innings record but I find myself
accidentally rooting for the wrong team
you just fly a blimp in here I want to
do that for it honey
boom
fight fight fight fight
oh they got the whole field on them
yeah
okay so the Blue Jackets one is the very
last overtime point it's pretty cool
definitely good we gotta bring the kids
to one of these games like this is it's
definitely a family environment is
really fun a little princess a little
monster ski home actually get to my
mom's and pick up the kids it sounds so
weird
Brittany Accor were sleeping and I text
somebody said the girls are sleeping
it's so it's so weird for me to text
that the girls are sleeping it just like
the greatest thing ever but it's weird
to say up beside yes you being scared
Brit so bad we can sneak in on them do
this you're painting you do with Grandpa
dude I love it
what would you run out of space for your
e apple tree and then with cactuses do
can i frame it be your first painting
yeah we got to do can't we vote Cora she
is passed out
oh come on sleepy tiger you can do it oh
I'll get her baby come on flashy ducks
hey my true
okay so she doesn't see the camera I'm
gonna just don't we got a baby bird all
right we got a bird she sings like a
bird did you miss your fishies
it's just what she's looking at uh-oh
uh-oh she found the camera
she found the camera Oh beautiful my
love squealing flower what is it what is
it what is it guys huh what is it over
here what is it it's a wild flash it's
that time bedtime
that's your new sound what I feel like I
would still enjoy a bit like this like
I'm not I'm not kidding I would sleep so
good in this bed like it's just this
little just fort I love it yeah Zeus
oh yeah much oh you know what I heard
that if you put five keys in one lock it
always works so let's just see if five
keys one lock this it looks like it's
already coming undone I haven't even
touched it there's one one side I need
another key
check one check two ah good night I love
you sleep good buddy all right guys
that's gonna do it for our day thank you
for coming along with us on our triple
date and I heard a really super awesome
quote today my dad told me I don't even
know where he's seen it but it really
stood out to me and I wanted to say it
to you guys today in case you've never
heard this before to the world you may
be one person but to one person you
might just be the world don't forget
that guys you are so important to so
many people we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you are one of a kind
smile more
you
