all right guys here we go I'm gonna
start the vlog on right now with freakin
Vitaly how crazy is this kid how crazy
I'm floored at what just happened during
the World Cup
the whole world Vitaly just broke
everybody's minds I look lon James
tweeted out Vitaly running on to the
deal I know this is like the best day
ever it's insane I gotta say I am sure
you guys have seen all the pictures but
I'm gonna go through some so basically
so right after Vitaly did it I didn't
know if he'd been arrested I didn't know
what was going on so I actually texted
Vitaly he still has use of his phone in
Brazil so I texted I said do it do it do
it
have you been arrested yet and he said I
did in jail that one's a classic did and
you put our movie title on his chest but
the title of our movie on his chest
trying to cancel on a security guards
know the player that's way more Vitaly
trying to use that guy that is amazing
so I think basically what's happened
today is that I'm retiring as a
prankster
um and I'm just gonna get a crown to put
on Batali's head you know we know what I
this is between us you know what I'm
doing for Vitaly what do you do I'm
gonna fill his entire don't tell Vitaly
you guys this is our secret maybe you
can help me you guys can help me I'm
gonna fill the Tally's refrigerator from
top to bottom with chocolate pudding the
fact that you just alerted all of your
view no they won't they'll be they'll be
cool about it
no the fact that you just alerted all of
your viewers to the fact that Batali is
one major weakness is he loves pudding
and here's what you guys don't know
about the guy you haven't seen behind
the scenes they do though at my house he
comes and steals all our kids pudding
and eats them all yeah but no it's like
okay so like we got the movie coming up
that's coming out literally Batali's
been working out like crazy he's been
hitting the gym and it's been non
Suffolk
all huh huh how my triceps look bro
right bro
good rose look good good so he's
literally been like working out like mad
trying to look buff for the movie you're
going we're gonna take your truck we're
to take more Nitra fill it with pudding
fill it with chocolate pudding tapioca
just for running across that field
that's his prize yes and he will eat
everyone I was going yeah he's not gonna
not eat any of it all tell Vitaly come
on he comes home in a few days I want it
to be a surprise to be awesome
oh yeah guys Roman soldiers don't go on
Twitter be a knight or you go Holmes
give me some give me some pudding
somebody will but oh well Batali be
happy either way it's gonna be awesome
it's gonna be amazing
oh wait so we keep by the way here's the
best part photos keep streaming in a
vitally getting arrested oh this is
amazing look at this picture of it oh my
God look at his face let me get a blue
wait let them oh my god
Batali Batali we fucking love you you Oh
world loves you
alright so we just got to city wok we're
headed towards Universal am I gonna go
ride some rides and do some fun stuff
get out of the house for a little bit
this place is awesome
to Universal this place is so rad place
is massive but for 120 dollars a ticket
to get in here
you know you kind of expect that yeah
that's two hundred and forty dollars for
Brittney and I that's a lot of mulatto
The Flintstones bar man oh it's a
barbecue tomorrow got my hopes up you
get you get Tyrannosaurus Rex boys and
everyone oh my god they got ribs
hey hey dusty least L Stimson your dev
equity merit pay pay it but this isn't
come again we're taking a ride to the
back law of Universal Studios guys right
experience we're about to go down with
stereo Lane we're about to go through
Hill Valley the clock tower back to the
future we're about to see some of the
most wait actually have that here
yes no way about to go do that you're
about to see we're about to see the
original psycho house where Alfred
Hitchcock filmed psycho it's going to be
awesome
where's the first body you foamy yeah
all right just don't cross the red and
yellow look I'm a song and everything I
guess if you have one shot everybody
went out for some famous Universal
Studios tours
he'll vastly from Back to the Future
Part one and two it looks with right now
the clock tower save the clock tower and
we took the clock tower down the reason
we did that it was too easily
recognizable to iconic of us at least
you couldn't film here in Courthouse
Square streets of New York
I got my start right here New York on
Saturday all fake all fake buildings
let's get involved over there an old
woman tough lady
there's my favorite time guy hey buddy
how's it going remember me no just like
look I make my fake cameras sometimes my
head your family bags the future make
sure you check out the NBCUniversal
experience on the lower lot in between
Jurassic Park and transformers for your
chance to see an original DeLorean up
close can't talk about Universal picture
cars without talking about fast and
furious our successful fast furious
franchise fast and furious 6 biggest
opening in the universal history make
sure you check it out especially before
next year 2015 the opening of fast and
furious 7 that's right very exciting
handling I just I don't know about you
Roman but I got a feeling someone's dad
is about to happen you see the created
by shooting water straight up into the
air so it's all sound more natural it's
a special effect we don't like at all
I was
that water
so that water is now going up a bridge
where we recycled into a tank at the top
of the hill that is a special effect me
and Holly we call I don't know
water going under a bridge
I gotta take this whoa
about a medium
save yourself so let's be very careful
even surviving Christmas you have got to
Oh
with an actual earthquake struck right
where we keep our great white shark he's
in the water right now oh look at that
but the grace of easy-to-fly
and the water sir that's that guy in the
water
I feel really bad you dude I can't
believe he just died in front of us
since the Desperate Housewives
your vana Desperate Housewives you might
never stop some of the houses are
different colors now like Lynette Scavo
is on your lap used to be green they
still film on this street so so the
houses have been repainted for other
productions those cars actually do Drive
they're made out of golf carts anyone
remember what you call the vehicle that
hears on screen shut it out come on you
can graduate it picture car that's right
to doing I don't know I mean oh cool
look look kids Norman Bates is uh
helping that lady to her car that's all
he's just uh helping that lady measure
the inside of her trunk completely
normal every innkeeper does that because
chivalry is not dead at the Bates Motel
and neither
here so I know right I just want to get
out and play is all design vision the
airplane was brought here three pieces
the first three pieces of the fuselage
were brought here on trucks however the
tail of the plane was too tall to fit
under freeway overpasses so they have to
airlift it in it was brought in from
helicopters that was amazing actually
like I wish the camera it doesn't even
capture what we just did yeah
now he's starting to realize why it
costs so much we're all complaining and
then we see the budget it must go into
this yeah you guys watching this oh you
can't see like the flames and we don't
keep everybody we're walking in the
krustyland it's a it's a ride here
Simpsons ride
number eleven this mirror I thought it
makes me seem tall long legs
Jim it's absolutely crazy with the
optical illusion oh is that where we
were just word on here we are on the
Jurassic Park water ride
welcome to Jurassic situation it took
some convincing from Roman and I to get
you on here we said you wouldn't get wet
my favorite little did you know going up
times
welcome
you're mashing
I'm I want to get off I want to get up
oh my god the original hero get a
close-up of that fucks commander see it
in there I see it
we just had some garbage we can make
this baby for fire October 26 1985 yeah
that's awesome
that's Kevin Hart's Xbox controller I
love Kevin Hart all right that's it for
universal what a riot I cannot wait
basically what we did tonight is figure
out everything we want to do with the
kids when they get here I can't believe
how many people are here all the time
Jeff bud yep I
you're here to hit it guys what a bet I
can jump over one of these cones you
ready one of those did you see that it
really scared me a good night you
thought so June
Kevin and I set that whole thing up yes
yeah I'm sure glad I did hey he was like
he was like you should vlog this all
right just go back to Kevin's we are
gonna watch the first purge movie never
seen it but the reason we're watching is
because tomorrow we've been invited to
go see the premiere the LA premiere of
purge to purge anarchy whatever it's
called and so Brittany and I need to
watch number one first they want you to
watch it when it's not we just never
thought they probably had no idea when
they invited me to the premiere that
I've never seen the first okay you got
to do your homework yeah yeah so we're
gonna watch the first one right now
and the movie will be over as soon as I
picked this camera like this we just did
another warp keep doing these little
warp things I'm out of here that's gonna
end the vlog for today it's all I got
um I'm losing my mind it's past midnight
and we're back home we're going to sleep
thanks for coming along today hanging
out with us universal was amazing if you
ever get a chance to go go it was a lot
of fun we love you guys until tomorrow
smile more oh yeah
yeah all right cool let's do it more
time
