what up guys good morning got to say
much this is stealing the show right
here this weather it's a little cloudy
today but it's a beautiful day to ride
it's a lot different than Ohio here guys
I feel like Dorothy when she landed in
The Wizard of Oz she got the tramonto
they're hooking it up thanks guys
these guys make the best breakfast then
what's your name your daughter your
daughter her daughter's a huge fan she
wants to take a picture let's do it
that's cute Britney flies in the name
super excited for that I just got to get
through the office just getting through
today so are we going out yeah yeah
you're good so we get the small office
today but this is where I'll spend the
whole day right here now I check out my
blog throwing out what I what's up guys
go ahead oh hello hey what's up guys uh
hey what's up you guys hearing this yo
man Apple
welcome back smile more guys thanks for
coming back
what's up guys this is what it's like
you're all dead
oh so I just get back to our apartment
Batali's apartment and Brittany's here
probably here's the thing here's why
here's why I'm not that excited Ison
Christian over with the keys to let her
in today because I was at the office all
day she comes here falls asleep on the
bed then I get out of my meetings I
can't get a hope she's out she's passed
out completely asleep I can't get in
so I'm downstairs I'm knocking I'm
peddling I'm pounding I'm calling I'm
texting for like it felt like forever
she finally woke up and now here we are
she's half-asleep I'm all grumpy and
pissy now I don't even want to be grumpy
I just it pissed me off that I can't get
inside I can't get inside you how do you
like our new place this is our new
apartment it's all ours Batali's in
Brazil yeah we even got our gold play
button we got a gold play button here
time for sure I'm gonna get all cleaned
up for you okay I think I might need
some makeup for this second the second
might need to make up for the second
face on my face I saw eating a Dorito
today
my may or may not have put one of the
little drops and make them right there
may merit you did it you didn't do it I
know you should say I do it just nice it
looks better
well at least now it's not jumping out
in front of people you like stopping
traffic well I didn't I didn't put my I
didn't put anything on it I did are you
guys my you guys judge me like that all
right we're out of here let's go we're
gonna go hang out with Kevin and Alex
you got a new puppy I was going but you
said hey go check that out go double
date it's gonna be a double date in
Europe and Kevin and Alice so you said
to be in LA yeah
the city of crazy driving huh it never
ends
doesn't matter what time of day it is
this is people everywhere thanks a lot
Alex I've been replaced
I've just been replaced Harvey Bulldog
is an Instagram
everybody gets Instagram for their pets
now as far as weed on one for Zeus yeah
Pippy he's stealing my role although
this is in case you guys don't know this
is this is Alex's my new puppy three
months old
yep ah oh he doesn't know how to sit
pharming sit Oh bleep oh I think it's
wrong now you're gonna do okay together
and always count on Kevin to be here to
make the first drink ensue yeah because
here's the thing when your raging
alcoholic turns out one of the side
effects of it is you can really make a
mean cocktail that's you know plus you
make other people drink to make you feel
better about your life
like that I mean that's why I do Wow
yeah we like some Monday morning
psychoanalyzing but it was so right on
like you did you take classes okay so
I'm here you got to crank the lights up
for me you got to crank the lights up
for me and honor of Alex's new Bulldog I
want to try to he told me that the dog
has a freaking Instagram so you guys
know I did that skateboard photo
yesterday on this grub
today I want to try to do a skateboard
photo with Harvey on the front of a
skateboard can it happen is your dog got
what it takes
he loves skateboarding Oh Harvey yeah
roll when I take a skateboard you can't
just jump right in the middle I almost
ran yokai it's no it's really hard Danny
it's written with alcoholics bro it's
really really I should not be drinking
in skateboarding rolling once they get a
picture of him skinning with mr. Harvey
this is the kind of crap I do to get a
perfect photo that's great this is what
goes into the perfect Instagram photo a
song all raised only three months old
all right Kevin my knee of you having to
give me a little fun I'm gonna stay
there
what are you all Harvey whoa you're out
of control buddy hold on
timeout stop hold on show's own he what
yeah he was ready yeah he was like the
news about to book shoot up on the
halfpipe
but I'm sorry I she Roman doesn't really
cut in his vlogs I'm sorry that's food
it's a little is that yes come on mr.
Harvey boys out not on click sound here
alright I'm gonna give you a little push
he's gonna jump off do we get some
Harvey connect me more photos man he's
like I gotta stop real quick and scratch
my ear yeah I could get come on Harvey
tall he'll run to me
it just makes some noise yeah there we
go
Harvey oh yeah he's as cute as he looks
on camera this dog is a million times
cuter we got it and I recorded it all oh
you got my camera I got your camera like
give me that I blog it all just for you
well mainly mainly for the Roman
soldiers you know what I mean I love you
guys and so they love you they weren't
having to start vlogging I give long I
just don't blog enough I need to start
vlogging more yeah so we're off to
dinner we're taking our good friend with
us you're gonna have dinner with us
I do appreciate it thank you very so
you're not gonna get away so soon it's
like okay my friend okay my friend you
know yeah yeah preciate who's at the end
of teaching okay I'll buy you dinner if
you want to eat
I just eat Brioni you know Brianna
Brianna know but she she sounds
delicious
what was that nothing she's eating ice
cream in her Porsche that's how you know
you make money right there this place is
jam and where we going are we we going
upstairs upstairs
oh it's where all the beautiful women go
yes guys here we go round 1 round 1
spinach dip and chips or salsa digging
and digging
it's delicious by the way the cheese is
so thick and hard and long oh I'm sorry
to get you say hard and long I think it
seems you're starting to drool look
you're slightly on your side on it
hi guys hold on to your seats here we go
boom barbecue ribs I've had ribs for a
long time you gotta admit
oh my god why did you get two steaks I
got one but they gave me two Oh
barbecue ribs for my man gay French Dip
first lip French did they got a mix
Creedence once again we've got way too
much food on our table that's what we do
get in the car
Oh get in the car get in the car Alex
what's up dudes being silly
I've never seen you have to pee so if I
push on your stomach
yeah hi we're back that's just about
wrapping up our evening or day our lives
and the eyes of this camera we are
calling tonight we need some sleep rest
up for tomorrow
it's Friday Brittany and I are gonna go
look at places to live or bring the kids
out and about to shoot this movie guys I
can feel the pressure I can feel the
pressure you guys want some amazing
pretty still can she had to pee so bad
I wanted to do something really funny I
just said we're going to look at places
tomorrow a couple places potentially
live for a few months it's not permanent
and a lot of people are asking it why'd
you move in why are you moving to LA you
just bought a house in Ohio it's not
permanent it's like 3-4 months we're
gonna have to move to LA do you tomorrow
don't forget wait I love you too
I love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget to smile more oh oh this
hurts
oh my God look is that one ever
