what up guys good morning to ya got my
board ready to have some fun actually
just just skating the word it's fun to
have a big kid I'm probably the only
thirty year old you know that still gets
pimples on their face it one thing you
can always count on in this frickin city
is the perfect weather man perfect trees
the perfect amount of Sun how can you
not how can you not be happy here Wow a
lot of people ask what is that pole
sticking out of my bag all the time it's
actually it's actually my GoPro pole and
I'm going to try to do an Instagram
photo right now usually they don't come
out but it's a busy morning as usual
you know you're out shape when riding a
board to the office where's you know my
daily routine Dean
Sally justice how we get our juices on
selling our juices on 99 100 thousand
five you guys what's on this is how you
get this is how you get prank writers
Brian on here it's sixty an option to
stop gotta say stuff for 130 it's good
it's good
feel better this is the best place to
skate
duh spits either Lee's right there how
are you going to be fine an effortless
Rihanna painted shotgun what I'm worried
about
thanks guys I can only imagine what's
going on here yeah that sounds good
everything but that's kind of nice now
and the room connection that's a little
using a little chore it's like yeah you
put yeah John has no idea
I think that think that's good I think
you got it
poor poor Johnny Hollywood
Louie has a question did you blow this
Hummer didn't run no good that you
didn't yeah and I actually laughed that
was pretty slick man you really got me
just pick the whole thing on the ocean -
oh this hurts oh my god Zeppelin
everything okay
John can I have some my elbows my
brother's killing me let me tell you
this is glued on this table
wait what it's all good it's all good
I'm taking a vlog no I don't
mess with your skin look at you
what a nice oh my yeah it all takes me
 you should put the tissues back
where they were though yeah yeah we were
these feet of the desk man he goes trash
ten minutes is a long time Subic only
takes ten secondary I ride I'm out of
the office baby I'm out of the office
whew
I think about this board is it's got a
remote and I can go faster see that
awesome massive all right we're back
dude thanks for the ride home no problem
Pizza baby it's good I don't even know
where to start in order to start what is
the best kind of pizza would you get
I got a pepperoni and meatball is that
your favorite usually you don't that
rainy goes pretty good never had it I've
never had peppermint I just got meat
lovers so I guess I got that's some of
what you got sausage looks like maybe
salami pepperoni delicious that's what I
got oh it's still hot you know you know
you know goes good with pizza what Oh
allo Dube what what is there stuff
you've never had it and you drink that
 constant know it because when I
come to la la has it everywhere they
don't have it Ohio they don't have it
it's literally just I put aloe on my
wounds not in my stomach all right so
this morning I told you I was trying to
do an Instagram photo and as all you
guys know I know everybody doesn't have
Instagram so I always show you my photos
this is it
I don't know what my camera's doing here
but that's the photo just a fun with the
GoPro Pole like I love using that thing
it's sweet yes as you guys know I always
try to show you what I do even though
most not most even a lot of you don't
have the social media sites so I always
try to show you you know if you do have
Instagram please go follow me on
Instagram it's my favorite social
network I love it I mean besides YouTube
I love Instagram just posting pictures
and you guys will see that I don't just
put any picture up like I actually try
to take fun pictures and cool pictures I
don't I think it's just me I seriously
don't know what to do with this enormous
freaking zit online yeah it's like it's
like one of them things in the video
where you guys are like - I love your
zip man get more zip - looks so awesome
haha alright guys I think I'm going to
end it here um get ready I always have
to edit the vlogs at night so that I can
upload them in the morning I'll check
out my new shirt leave this yeah I don't
know what I'm going to wear that but I'm
in the vlog and tomorrow Brittany is
flying out and we are looking for our
place to live so hopefully that goes
smooth as far as finding our spot and
where we're going to be staying and
stuff like that and then we're looking
at like Monday to move the whole family
out kids and everything so I'm nervous
I'm excited I'm glad you guys are coming
along with us
it's always fun but that's all I got for
you today so until tomorrow don't forget
to smile more that's right it's so easy
just do it right now you're probably
like this about ramen you say this every
day I just go yes oh hi pretty hurt you
feel better I love you guys smile
hey guys I gotta take this I'm gonna
take this yeah
not be right there what are you doing
what's it what is that you knew fall
excuse me right yeah I'm sure hello the
reception's fight really I think I lost
service you did yeah hey um
