what up guys is a nasty cold day in Ohio
and we are on a rescue mission that's
right yeah
being Gilroy on a rescue mission
Brittany just calls I got a flat tire so
we got to go save her buddy what
happened oh did it break
oh man you just hanging out with mommy
what'd you guys do
were you guys racing you were that's how
it broke you guys were racing through
the cornfield yeah Oh roll it over there
oh this is one of them small more
moments yeah we just gotta put a smile
on your face you know what's funny is I
don't even need this Jack I could have
just lifted the call there the tire on
it all at the same time but I don't I
don't want to show off Kate are you
vlogging good job oh that looks good
when I quit making pranks and stuff I'm
going to start tire repair service here
and you got me to vlog just in case
you've never changed a tire before what
you're going to want to do is you want
on Jack the car up once you get that car
jacked up you want to take these nug
nuts off nice and safe and set it aside
then you're just gonna simply pull that
flat tire off and just get it out of
here you just don't want it no more you
know why because you got a pimped-out
spare this baby's gonna get you better
fuel economy it looks better and the
chicks dig wait isn't that on backwards
no I'm surprised you didn't do this
Britt as much as you like brake nuts
I've never changed the tire
my dad's mechanic is that kind of silly
your dad isn't my dad's a mechanic and
I've never changed a tire that's why
you've never changed
you always have Superman showing up yeah
yeah where I should have wore Superman
suit having fun yeah that is so funny
that's serious dude that is a serious
that's a neat that's definitely any tire
or you can leave the spare you know she
just asked for for spares and I think it
looks better hope that's hard on Foulois
just saying half the statistics show
what if they don't have a tire my friend
Ray Ray had a star change did and we're
off
whoa whoa he's a maniac he can guess who
we're going to get no uh yeah really
pick up now from school good timing to
know we made really good time you put is
any joke gone
are you drinking out the big bottle no
school did I like your chair
you know we cook want to grab one okay
come over here
squeeze the corner like this
rub it bring it over
oh yeah dude give me some steak yeah
good steak that's gonna be some good
steak what you got here
mm-hmm there's too much healthy stuff in
this house you might cause like a black
hole say hi this is Brittany's dad and
his wife Kathy Brittany stepmom and they
come over for dinner to enjoy some
steaks who are you he's a wild one what
do you you don't like my broccoli right
you do it for uncle Roman take one bite
one bite you know five thousand this is
a candy you don't like it either give
you more a mob fan I just took worn by
you do like it that's good
got you
oh oh oh he's coming for revenge oh
you're hugging me
yep and your mouth from here oh yeah
what it was not to Jerry Rice couldn't
caught that do another you're right
finish fish no I can't do again we got
to get one Jerry Rice didn't catch it
but Ray Rice can I bring on random oh oh
you want a bigger one or a smaller one
wait I think the problem is there's not
enough fame just get a slingshot just
bring it to me real bring it to me
yep in your mouth from here oh yeah what
it was not to Jerry Rice cutting I
caught that do another you're right
finish fish no I can't
they're young we got to get one Jerry
Rice didn't catch it but Ray Rice can I
bring on Brenham oh oh you want a bigger
one or a smaller one
we think the problem is there's not
enough fame just get a slingshot just
bring it to me real bring it to me yo
dude
almost microwaved my head I can't do it
that's it I'm just gonna throw it out
yeah you can't do it well your bike
highlight
wasting so much controller is wrong I
know more I don't know why we're doing
this again but we're playing a new board
game queen monopoly on Crowley's well
well the stinkiest one wins I don't know
what it is Queen bookings I have no idea
how to play it you probably have to
you'll notice that probably judging by
my snapchat that I'm not drinking
tonight then I want to go one night no
drinking this is me I wasn't gonna drink
either I'm glad I'm not drinking you
guys are so strong this brisk walk I'm
gonna really tell me what does it say
beyond cleave that's an L tell me it
says well not wait I'm telling you
squeals please please no try again the
outside a little the elbows on you
bit it they all silent says Raisa box ll
cyan't well
who else dude no that's not it it's
probably Queen just so long enough the
top also is fine timer is there bored of
the song yeah yeah chase isn't allowed
to bend his arms or legs until it's his
turn it's just the weirdest game ever
did it's actually cool uh guys thank you
yeah it's the way this whole turn can't
even our unit drink you can't drink
anything oh I'll give you a drink just
there you go that's not my cup my cup
 which by the way everybody take one
minute no five seconds congratulate
chase Veronica on their five-year
anniversary right five years married
Congrats that's awesome yeah if I did
that's great okay men whoa oh you bent
it back two spaces all right one of our
homies ketchup came over and he brought
his cards against humanity' games this
one is um if you ever played apples to
apples it's like that but an adult
version right you're like a Thai version
yeah it's a very dirty version gonna
bring you you can do that all right guys
we've warped again house is empty
we're trying to clean up and go to Boise
it's about 2:00 in the morning and
that's all I got today salt we didn't do
pot just hung out and stuff so I love
you guys tomorrow is our last day in
Ohio for a few months so if you've been
waiting for us to get LA tomorrow's the
last day in Ohio and we're off
all right guys I got a question for you
today what do you like better
Ohio vlogs or la vlogs that's the
question leave it in the comments I want
to see I want to see the flood begin
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
smile more one two three one more one
two
Hey
