what up what up guys we learn something
very important and we want to pass it to
you guys first thing as we start this
vlog and that is that you shouldn't ever
drink again we're not drinking ever ever
again right you may drink at the end of
this vlog that would be really fun if
you saw yesterday's vlog I don't know if
the vlog really translated how drunk we
were but we drank way too much just
bottom line it was too much and it just
slowed us down the whole day y'all so
man knew it oh my gosh you're fussing
you also might notice that I used the
new intro today that was sent to me by a
guy named focus creations I'll put his
YouTube channel in the description but
it was super cool I just thought I'd use
it and I think what we need to do is
gather like 20 different interests so I
have to use the same one every time that
being said if you want to make an intro
maybe I'll use it send it to me I'd love
to and I'll give you a shout out in the
description how's that how's that it's
too many words in a minute just got
downtown Columbus I have not been here
for a long time we're actually in the
Short North my buddy Brandon opened up
his I think it's his first shop ever
he's the guy at what Oh Brittany and pan
four parking is always a riot hmm he's
the guy that makes some all the Ohio
shirts I wear he also is the guy that
created the board games t-shirt so we're
gonna go go check out his new shop I'm
actually excited about this oh the good
old days wonder how many pranks so how
many days I've spent in this city
messing with people just just messing
with people
Oh looking good looking good I wouldn't
buy these shirts mine ripped in one day
no I'm just kidding they're super nice
they are super super nice look at this
Scott oh no
everybody Murr is that hey guy hey doing
this is a great great Buy
dude how did you get this location did
actually he found a location Scott we
were talking about it from the day one
we were like we got to open up a store
one day but then we heard horror stories
about people like start nerds line and
then it go too big too fast
one day he ran by and I said for rent in
this moment it was a small little thing
and he was just like dude we gotta check
on it does he let your good looking
lives like right behind there so you
must buy it all the time he was just
like we got to check on it so we were
like all right let's check and obviously
we're thinking High Street window it's
got to be ridiculous expensive so we
went in and we talked to landlord and a
dude who loved our vision there was like
five or six people up foot and he was
like give me a give me a business plan
how do you do it what do you want they
were like we gave them our presentation
and he was like dude I want this type of
present I want this that's all in here
cuz it's a yes that's that's very
inspiring very inspiring so we did it
and we build this was up Hair Salons we
had a rip old stuff down repainted it
and built this wall we built this TV and
that night yes so then what we did is I
mean we opened it up in within probably
three weeks we got her all down and we
launched ourselves oh yeah who designed
the boardgame shirt um me and the dude
no my dude out wish I got Brandon
there's no one has him so he made he
made us some exclusives made me some
exclusives so we got the prank star oh I
like that
good that's a clean one pranked our
action yes obviously you guys inspire
everyone so you can just go vlog
yourself vlog yourself
awesome we got you yeah then you just
press play manage it
press for just credit how do you with
it's not like a trade market and we
might lose yeah it's just for me to
where it's not that we're not we're not
yeah then we got the cute one about a
being but a boom bah I love pranks and
then I like pranks so we got them like
one where you want everyone to do strike
up everything hell yeah I'm a mouse
these are great dude I can do this you
think my feel or each other
hit hit all your feet or reach I don't
if you have enough room
oh my gosh she's gonna yes fun hang
the food pack let's put it back can you
vote it yeah you sure yeah okay
Baga alright you ready
yeah one two three one more one two
three alright guys so this dude's full
of surprises you're gonna all right let
me let me get to the chase I put up the
board game t-shirts last week I told you
I only had one week to order and I
pulled them down they're gone but
they're gonna give away five of them if
you didn't get a chance to get like a
lot of emails Dan I just got paid put
them back on the site nope I said I was
gonna pull them and I did so they are
gonna put up on your Instagram yeah so
tomorrow gonna put on our Instagram five
so you got to go watch his vlog then
come tari they're watching the vlog
right now I know you gotta watch it
you're watching it right now but you
gotta you gotta follow us that's what
you gotta do come to our Instagram and
we're giving away five was it for the
best comment why you want the shirt I
think it was the best comment like why
do you guys love Roman and his family
that's what I want to see oh okay
that's a good one
so he's going to post that picture of
that handstand I just did if you guys
want a boardgame shirt all you gotta do
is go leave a comment if he likes it
he's gonna send you one anywhere in the
world
um she's the one in charge so if you're
out overseas you never know
let's look I'm gonna I'm gonna stand up
for my viewers and say you got to ship
them anywhere in the world okay because
we have a strong world audio that's fail
and they're only like three four hundred
bucks apiece the ships yeah that's this
one alright guys I will put their
Instagram right here at the bottom of
the description you know where it's at
you know where to find it all right we
out of here mamas man we were in there a
long time
whoa I almost stepped on that kitten we
ended up standing there for way longer
than I thought I meant seen them forever
so we just hung out shield for a while
and what I'm thinking is you put one
hour in the meter
we were easily here for hours I don't
know how long am I actually miss it down
here man
nice it's kind of cool it actually feels
like LA tonight really it's a can my hot
day cool night do we have a ticket
no ticket we're golden baby well that
worked out good you gotta say it's been
nice getting away with you for a little
bit a couple hours alone just us
much-needed and just recovering off of
our spree last night
ridiculous getting hit over to chase
Veronica's house for a little bit hang
out with them we haven't been in their
house for a while
seems like when we're home were always
just at home so we felt we flatly
stopped by for a visit
just walked in on a plant vs. zombies
did carson's you draw this all by
yourself yeah that's not bad he's only
10 years old
so that's nice wait how old are you five
you drew that you're fun yeah you're
awesome names Picasso Picasso
Costin Casas what's up little homie oh
yeah dude him so just what I don't know
what I am
dude you're still lagging from LA no no
you've been lagging though
I know lagging you've been lagging
you're the guy in the corner mom so a
lot of you been asking what happened to
that cat the kids found and we were
joking about around about giving it to
Veronica for her birthday well we just
brought it over
no it's been here no I mean like we
brought it for her birthday she the
Veronica actually took the kidney so
here it is it's doing well and the kids
are happy you love it
Edie we saved your life oh this cat
would have totally been a nice little
snack for the Foxes that hang out at my
house in case you missed that vlog we
found this kitten at my house in a bush
the kids did Veronica ended up keeping
the kitten
as a birthday present from the kids and
we later found out that the mother was
hit by a car and all the kittens were
left look pretty sad at least at least
this one got a good home I'm like a cop
watch this look how much power I have
hands up alright guys we just skipped
two hours if you want to see you want
scariest horror movies I've ever seen
watch fat up holy moly what do you guys
think it's a good debater screw that do
that movies oh my get at least they're
like no it's awesome definitely worth a
watch but it's gonna make you not want
to eat the stuff you eat right now oh
it's a tard we gotta go chase don't give
it yeah dude we just watched a whole
movie about things you shouldn't eat
don't eat sugar I don't God for 40 grams
of sugar that means you're be dead in a
week
hey and I also had just a cup of cup
you're drinking a cup of coffee while
you watch out there this you're for you
man good for you I got friends no matter
how hard I try to eat it just gets
harder who's this bro you're gonna eat
this watermelon this is what happens to
healthy food cheesy stuff
Ben here David I just went through I
went to grab it my fingers just sunk
into the back of it yeah it's funny all
the Swiss cake rolls are gone
uh all right guys we are back home
thanks for hanging out today with us um
not really much going on I do want to
give a special shout out to you guys the
ones that came to this channel
specifically to watch me make a movie
and I want to thank you for being
patient this is taken way longer than
expected but we're so close
Sunday I fly out Monday we move into our
prank offices for the movie which is
super exciting that means we're filming
very very soon so thank you for your
patience I love you guys and I'm so glad
you come along with us each day I will
see you tomorrow and until then don't
forget to smile one see you guys
tomorrow
it's shattered see look it's bull
