honey I dropped your phone
hole is shattered
it's shattered see look it's full
what's happening guys I am off to my
accountants office this morning I've
gotten way behind on on business things
taxes things like that that you know
when I'm out in LA I just haven't taken
care of so I'm on my way to take care of
the you know it's the part of life where
the government just bends you over and
has their way with him so it's always
fun whatever got that gray ass Ohio day
today baby
loving it
don't know what to get definitely looks
like it's gonna storm but you know what
I've had good storm since I've been here
so let's bring it on bring it on baby
check it out there it is there it is on
a serious note I'm headed to go get Noah
and there were actually gonna head home
got some people coming over tonight and
it's finally raining it's finally just a
little bit that's not Noah
yes thought there was Noah that's not no
thang is this salad salad pizza wow that
actually does look real good know what
you hungry don't don't don't don't don't
don't
Kane
say cheese hey Noah made him Oh must be
keen he's cool yeah
yeah that's you be so sure of it it is a
very very gray day but it's pretty it's
like 80 degrees it's just comfortable
the sky is rotten the looks like a big
old pile of poopy
there's no one Jeff is here because
Kane's swinging things at him my buddy
Cody might remember Cody he was also in
these sketches he did a lot of sketches
with us some of which have actually been
pulled off of his visit what is awesome
board games tonight huh
it's always better with a group just
saying ro understand that to the bone
collection
she's a bone collector all right guys
it's time to feed my kids and pay my
bills
we got naturebox hooking it up opening
hey I'm filming now so this is nature
box I've seen a lot of other vloggers
promoting this so I thought we would
jump in on it but the only difference is
is we are the only ones that can get you
this for free everybody else has a 50%
off link I have a free link it's an
all-natural snack it's healthy it's good
for you no artificial flavors zero
thanks bad the Hyatt no hey for two it's
vegan means you don't need anything
animal right nothing eggs where's that
vegetarian
so vegan you can eat any animal thing
eggs cheese or be so hard that be so
hard guys if you want some of these for
free check out naturebox.com/tyler omen
outlet I'll put it in the top of the
description mmm
throwing dice dog you throwing dice dog
you all know we're trying to eat better
how about you at Cody you try to eat
better yeah
keeping that feminine waist just pop off
something will do I don't remember who
sent this yesterday in the fan mail was
it yesterday did we do well to date jeez
anyway that was two days ago somebody
sitting over this flash drive guy and
all his body parts come apart and no one
loves it so it is pretty the dog nobody
didn't want to do yeah alright we're
trying to end our friendship tonight
with a game of I'm really hopeful we get
in this ever goofing off on snapchat all
night to forget to vlog so while the
game is rapidly progressing Britney's
losing badly
Sierra's losing badly Greg's got the
money but no honey Jeff almost got him
right now it's it's just but I didn't
realize how fun snapchat is look I just
put Jeff
honey I need you to bend over in the
living room the Lego crews have three
different days in this one the same lego
guy you realize that's not really that
an uncommon request from jefferson lego
prison right now a lot of people know
that you can't start trading properties
until all the properties are owned Park
Place is the only one left for probably
the last hour and a half yes nobody can
hit it no but no one this is painful
fake monopoly so what happens when you
run out of monopoly money you actually
make your own or even able to do
anything in this game we had to make
money it's retarded make money make
money money Oh ding on this chip dip
here this is ridiculous dude you might
get a little drunk off that shit he owns
practically everything and everyone's
drunk see that you're totally drunk look
at that face alright guys thanks for
hanging out with us today I didn't win
but we gave up and everybody said that I
want right yeah yeah it took too long
it's 3:00 in the morning it's past 3:00
in the morning it's so late we love you
guys thanks for hanging out we'll see
you tomorrow don't forget to smile
