welcome to the vlog guys today is gonna
be completely different there is a bug
crawling on my lens you can't see it see
it was a bug right there crawling oh I
see it how can you know see it on there
what Brittany and I found a vlog that we
made way before we even had a vlog
channel this is really cool this that we
filmed this in November of 2012 and
we've never ever seen the footage ever I
found it on an old hard drive it was
filmed in 2012 November we started our
vlog channel in August of 2013 so almost
a full year after we filmed this blog we
started a vlog Channel and we've become
vloggers it's so crazy I feel like
there's a million things I want to say
before you watch this vlog I don't
really know what it is like it's you
haven't seen it at all which is crazy so
here you go guys this is our very first
vlog we ever made and even at that time
it was pretty much just me filming
myself I didn't know how to vlog I
didn't like turn the camera like this so
hey Britt what's up is just like I
showed a lot and then I would just talk
a little so bear with it please give it
some love here is our very first vlog we
ever filmed Brian on the one we'll just
try to enjoy here we go
hey guys it's Brittany just in the City
Airport I just ran into Ryan Gosling
guys yeah Ryan Gosling can you believe
it
yeah back it up boss back yeah so this
is my first time flying first class and
there's I gotta tell you there's not
that much difference I got a big seat
that requires really nice
in Miami we got our bags ready to go see
some palm trees and some water
finally
you guys see me push my toy boat look at
this
these hallways down here a little bit of
a fix me up but I think it's gonna be
worth it
what a beautiful place Grand Turk is
awesome the water is crystal clear the
trees are beautiful the girls that
follow me around are beautiful it's just
awesome a lot of people don't know this
but I'm celebrating four years with this
girl 4 year anniversary on this trip so
if we've been through a lot
she's been through more best meeting
look at this place this is exactly what
my backyard should look like leaves and
cold snow and oh my god it will show is
embedded in this rock
24-hour free ice cream all day every day
right here do that I made that
but our
that's pretty cool hey I'm here with
lino he's gonna show us how to get a
coconut awesome now coconuts one of my
favorite things on the planet that guy
just chopped this baby right up like
heaven best best invention ever right
here now we're in the inner city part of
Puerto Rico this is like the kind of
tourist shopping areas cities really
really thick here but it's really cool
it's hot humid and I'm about to get hit
by a car
chests just tons and tons of shopping
really cool place one of the one of the
number one reasons I wanted to come here
is to get a pi√±a colada from the first
place that ever made a peanut flat I
love coconuts
I'm gonna find this place we've walked
block after block after block trying to
find this place and it's called betta
chena really the first place ever
they made a pina colada amazing I want
like a truckload of it I think you do
because you're drinking it right now
that's because we are where pina coladas
started they were invented here
in Puerto Rico at my Regina personals I
don't
the straw that's like bear
all right
just hit st. Martin already beautiful
the waters clear mountains everywhere
it is beyond and we can't find really
smooth water to snorkel or anything like
that it's very rough here they'll be
awesome for maybe surfing I don't even
if the waves are consistent enough for
that it's just rough
Brett made a friend today look hey baby
so it looks like room and made a friend
in the water
oh yeah last night we had dinner huh oh
you have dinner too Wow
yeah I like having my feet out of the
water when I swim everyone wants to hang
out with me so cool yeah that's my boat
up there Oh your boat looks bigger oh
wow so many boats yeah we have a
waterslide on our boat our boats cooler
than yours
we met some Beach doggies
that's it for the beautiful st. Martin
this place is just amazing beautiful
islands people are fantastic it's been a
great beautiful day c'est la vie de
saint-martin
that was exciting look at that thing
look at these boats like who is the guy
that said I can build this and it'll
flow and I can put 3,300 people on it
and make millions dollars
come on attack me to make him stay and
paint
this is Megan's Bay st. Thomas this is
amazing beautiful
the best prize ever at an arcade right
here I don't even know what it is what
is that and for some reason that is
where the video ends there's no more
clips either I ran out of batteries or I
just didn't know how to end the video I
just stopped filming that was it and
there was still so much no I had no idea
what I was doing so I don't know I'd
been thinking about that video for years
and I never knew where it was I found
that on an old hard drive unedited I had
to edit it I've been that's what I've
been doing is editing that video is our
video I hope you enjoyed today's vlogs
vlog it's just one from 2012 plugged and
I was like down and I don't know it
wasn't like I was a different person in
2012 I really was like the there was a
first time flying first class my mom
used her flier miles that's so that we
could go on that plane and then you
still worked at the dental office you
were still working I was still had a
full-time job it's so crazy how much has
changed since then
I remember we gave the one guy rope that
climbed up the tree that's true the guy
that climbed up that tree for coconuts
we gave him rope in exchange for
coconuts because they they wanted rope
Brittany just woke up from a nap by the
way so she's like I did not even want to
wake him up that's why this video went
up but we love you guys we're gonna end
it right there please please please I
have so much footage on these hard
drives if you want to see more like
we'll call this flashback Friday cuz
it's Friday right now if you want to see
more footage from our past in our
history just hit that thumbs up button
we'll see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
