what up what up guys how are ya I am
getting a late start actually Cain and I
oh this is shy Cain you guys ever met
shaking we are headed to get Noah from
school I yeah we uh I spent all morning
getting up yesterday's vlog the mail
vlog took forever to edit so I'm just
now getting started today and I left my
razors in LA so I'm gonna start looking
really bad for you yeah say hey buddy
hey Keane how you doing
so today's kind of a boy's day man just
us no girls no girls in the whole house
this is what happens when Brittany's at
home it's peanut butter jelly hot dogs
chips Doritos whatever I can make that's
what we I would eat cereal breakfast
lunch and dinner if it was up to me it's
like my meal I'll eat it all day every
day it's my favorite just trying to
figure out how a few boys can have fun
out here in the open you wanna take a
ride canes driving us dude yeah are you
scared
hey I think I go I think I got something
in the house that we can play with I
don't know what it is let's see if I
have I don't remember I bought it a long
time ago we never took it out I bought
this a long time ago didn't forgot I had
it until now it's one of these giant
styrofoam planes
it's a giant airplane if you want to do
it
alright let's build it see if I build it
right ready
whoa forget it come on go go go hmm you
want to try to throw it that's big know
you want try yeah we need we need a
little weight in the back but the trick
to these sometimes is you need to tape a
penny on the back I don't know maybe if
you're into these styrofoam records you
have a better trick but I know we always
tape the penny and usually work really
well let me just tape it up here all
right let's see if that let's see if
that does the trick it is a little
better I think we need the quarter you
guys like my new shirt this is the new
fashion design I'm going with it's the
it's the rip collar I think I think it's
gonna trend
not bad alright as a fun little trip yep
yep yep alright guys I've been catching
a lot of flat from my longtime viewers
they know before I went to LA I put in a
300 gallon saltwater tank in my house
and I'm in kitchen flight because I
haven't showed you guys really the tank
so I would like to take you on a quick
relaxing video of my aquarium ok are you
my new cameraman you're just trying to
reach the camera okay
mom's back yes would you get some books
yes
so where it went out with her mom got a
nice dinner and you guys what shopping
yeah I found a couple things for my
little niece that's all
alright guys as usual I've warped into
the night the kids are asleep Gilroy
just got here and we're gonna dude you
just drop out milk cream pie I'm gonna
I'm gonna pick it up with your ace we
are gonna do some I'll make a Michael
oh man goal i'ma go okay chase is he
wants to do some angle so we're gonna do
it do we everyone's been dying to talk
to us believe it or not that is so we're
gonna talk that is surprising good this
is how you make extensions right here
open up the drawer baby
this is such an adequate workspace I
know I know I wish it had the we want
the outlets in the middle of you just
let's just drill a hole and put on one
sir it's alright we've just posted out
that we're jumping on a metal for a
little bit to smile more shirts - yep
are you at the hospital
yo I like your shirt bro smile more baby
omegle an exception for this mom we're
sure she's like it was yeah I'm gonna
miss out on most this session because my
camera's already dead but I'm gonna play
it in right now and hopefully get some
I'll see you in one second
rolling over the new iPhones coming out
it's like a lot
every time and an apple product comes
out chases like little melting at the
mouth yeah yeah so you know about having
iPhone 6 and Apple watch and why I want
to know why did they not call it I watch
what's it called Apple watch Apple watch
yeah
oh man there's a lot of bad things out
there bojay Bojangles mr. Russ tea now I
did I'll see you later we're wrapping it
up it's hard oh man this has been
driving me nuts
so I think we should I was like oh man
II go home right now right
you know I wear this today just for the
vlog cuz I knew everybody would be like
look at the whole it 103 now I wear holy
collars baby it's holy all right guys
I'm gonna in the vlog because I'm
getting delirious I love you it's like
1:00 in the morning we gotta call it
quits
um I hope you enjoyed today it was it
was a much-needed day with the boys
Britany hang out with her mother which
was much needed for her I guess we love
you we will see tomorrow thanks again
and keep smiling you're beautiful smart
what's up guys good morning I hope
you're having a great day
Britney and Jeff's made homemade all
jessimae bees no credit to you
