what up guys beautiful day to just skate
to work I don't think I'll ever own a
car in the city to get this little Delhi
breakfast place called tri mana they
make the bomb the best so guys how you
doing
he's making my my sausage egg and cheese
sandwich for the morning it started off
right look at that
salads that are gonna be a salad yeah
you got that
looking good guys
it's been seven long hours time to get
out of here I'm ready to have some fun
why am I talking like this but that had
to be I gotta pee first
so Batali's supposed to be picking me up
why can't I have trees like this in Ohio
yeah what's up Papa Bear it looks great
it tried to come to Venice Beach Batali
just dropped me off because if you guys
remember I left
Mitali skateboard at steve-o's birthday
party so I got to buy him a new board
and I also want to find me one for my
morning commute Kevin the Kevin's helped
me find the right board for sidewalks
like I just cruise to work you know I
mean screws into the office I need
something like fun I'm gonna bust my
face everybody loves overnight
no super 940 oh yeah
that's pretty slick yeah like that you
know yeah like it's like it feels like
to me this place has so many awesome
words man so hard even pick which one
you would possibly want this is the
repair shop man Tory's done fix
everything up but you have a wheel
blowout no I'm just getting you
something wheels right on hey yeah I can
use anything move Venice skateboarding
stuff they just hooked it up got Vitaly
a new penny board got me a sector 9
board six pretty sick supposed to be
really good on the sidewalks and stuff
so I don't have to fall on my face like
I have before this is the best part
about a sports car is getting gas bro
you know why because it's premium fuel
only you'd only put the most expensive
gas in sports cars it sucks and what is
it it's for 43 dude you might as well
just you might as well just bend over
right here and let this gas pump have
sex with you here this is bad
Hill you need to pop this top bro why
cuz I want to do a photo for my
Instagram where there's a construction
so where we going Beverly Hills in why
are you being like this
no I want to want a photo you don't care
how the ugly isn't in the back no I want
to be going fast down the road I'm gonna
stand up and put my GoPro pole outside
well you can't go fast it's a
construction zone okay so happens
you
all right just get back to the tallies
I'm waiting on a Kevin my man Kevin to
pick me up we're gonna go have some
Dindin some dinner
so oh I got my picture of the Tally's
car just in case you guys don't have
Instagram I'll show you now if you have
Instagram you better be fall on me check
this out I know I may on hang on hang on
rush me I feel like I'm talking to
myself sometimes but you guys ready to
check this picture out I think it came
out really good look at that that's
pretty sick some thing about Instagram
though you can have like a regular photo
and put it through Instagram it just
looks so much better that's really not
that cool Instagram just made it cool it
Instagram did that alright so Kevin just
picking up and we're headed to this
place on swingers what Swinscoe we're
headed to this place called the oyster
oysters oyster apparently they have
awesome pulled pork which means they
probably have ribs and we it's it it's a
it's a weird kind of place yeah they
they have a lot of barbecue stuff this
location has their take on a southern
fried chicken sandwich basically like a
chick-fil-a sandwich but better um so
we're about to go clog arteries which be
fun
perfect that's you guys know I'm all
about that give y'all here we are here
we are
oh I expected like a restaurant
restaurant this is like kind of like
just sit down chill relax how are you
doing here she is here she is this is
awesome so much like out ready to live
you just pour barbecue in it
just get it in there just make it all
wet just make it all wet and you just
use getting just gonna get in their
finger than vici
what's the BBQ all shit push it all the
way push it push it real good
it was awesome thanks for taking me nice
it's so so good so quite are you a fan
of the oyster oyster I'm a huge fan
actually it was probably one of the best
pulled pork sandwiches I've ever had
like really nice yeah it's amazing I
told you I would not I would not
steering I feel like we're like doing a
commercial for this fucking we really
are like a free dinner it's like but
like I think if I would have said to the
woman at the registry oh you're gonna be
in Roman Atwood vlog so this is gonna be
on the house right sure it really
fucking you talking about
Roman Oh who's that oh my lady to see
you guys no I literally just like all
right man I gotta go there's like wait
wait what's wrong I was just gonna go in
for the hug using got a vlog it
everything's got to be on camera we
can't all right we can't do this sexual
stuff all right I'm gonna Denver I'll be
back on Monday so I'm gonna be in Denver
for fourth of July
Oh celebrate am i right Madison Roman
soldiers will see you in Denver maybe
some Roman soldiers will see me in
Denver come say hi I don't bite
everybody go go find Kevin go find Kevin
that should be like my next video go
find Kevin go if I had anger all right
brother I have fun man I got you he's
our own builders hey guys I am so sorry
when Kevin left I came in my room and I
passed out it's like 2:00 or 3:00 in the
morning I got up just to get my camera
and in this vlog I feel like I'm ripping
you guys off a little bit today um I got
so tired I'm filming an awesome awesome
prank tomorrow for you guys I love you
don't forget to sleep more smile more
uh-oh that was a long ride I'll be in
the car for like two minutes before you
get pulled yeah tell on 250 fans we're
running out for us or something make a
stupid excuse
