what's up guys good morning I wish that
I could explain our morning if we are on
the way to a little family reunion and
we locked ourselves out of the house
literally we have no way to get in our
house and we left everything food plates
everything for the family reunion in the
house so we came with nothing I feel so
bad and we still can't get in our house
and they had like a silent auction I got
a couple of smile more shirts to take
over get the mouse zone into the foam we
ended up just calling and getting uh
Olive Garden takeout oh my god oh that's
what happens when you leave everything
at home alright so I love the whole
family if there's one particular person
it just got to Ohio that I'm looking for
today
somewhere up there it's recording
yes back in Ohio we're back in Ohio I
did almost college us college I was like
I hope you're not wearing this shirt
what is this thing bulb this is a
foot-operated xylophone all these
parents will I get them out of here hey
buddy oh wait what are you doing Oh
easily
seems like I got some ideas it's as
crazy as it sounds
Todd my god that takes care of my
aquarium while I'm gone is the only
person with a house key
so he's been nice enough to meet me
halfway and give me my house key
otherwise we could have a barbecue
tonight dude no barbecue nothing I will
not live the rest of my day today and to
have Roman out with barbecue in my mouth
I don't count barbecue from your mouth
this mother this mother Kroger come on
man what's up man I just came back got
the fam we're gonna head home get the
house cleaned up a little bit cuz we got
a bunch of people coming over for a
little cookout huh yeah yeah yeah I'm
glad you're feeling better yeah
this is a rare moment where you see
Brittany sweeping the kitchen
she will attack huh never get in the way
of a woman while she cleans just let her
do it we are cleaning just so that it
can be destroyed again burp homey well
what else not man don't do it my dude
Jeff just got here yeah he's getting
killed by Wolverine right now oh my god
he's dead what's up yeah that camera
bigger than that big boy this is my uh
one of my my greatest greatest friends
hey mommy
oh yeah are you good
bring some good stuff oh good did you
call them so these are homemade ribs and
we're homemade ribs my pressure cooked
them but I just have to get the chart
you know that black fish are on it I
like I'm very very very done now they're
gonna go on here and get Chucky crispy
good on this side of the house we got
the jumping party good again House is
filling up now got my man Gilroy and my
big bro big Domino Dale still in the
house who blog
we got them wieners what are you doing
just touch it a wiener I'm gonna eat
that
we got the burgers and the ribs homemade
ribs I don't know what these are called
this is called mobility yeah no Hale
calls a hillbilly it was garbage garbage
becomes a carbon carriage is so good
like you planned that oh my god a little
red button you gotta push before I think
it's right here he's doing the question
here's another brush I'll do it he's
doing it
it's me show yourself John
money maker right here today bad job all
right so uh Roman we got your house here
you're in Ohio for a week I was good
John thanks for having me yeah well
you're always welcome at your house um
so what are you getting what are you
getting ready for here what's going on
what's this what's this all about
I just couldn't be more happy to be
spending time with my friends here all
one came out to see me tonight yeah
family we have family and uh barbecue
ribs mostly but uh that's what we're
here celebrating braised ribs
buckaroos what makes me grow our large
pizzas you eat nah I don't even know if
I have legs anymore all right let me
take this take this let me take the mic
these guys for love you probably don't
know we used to make sketch comedy yeah
that's where the roman atwood channel
started with these guys no doubt right
here tens of you and we killed it every
week we didn't kill it but we tried to
kill killed comedy every week we would
put up a new sketch I know you guys have
heard this many times but uh I would
like to play your sketch right now that
we we used to do yeah play the worst one
the worst one so just any of them just
your ex fat
oh my god
you are yes thank you go Raman
you
Oh
ha
go
oh I'm not used to the whole life before
and after you have to you have to react
like we just watch this we just watch
that it was really good I don't know how
you got in 3d sets that's basically why
I was never popular on YouTube and then
I started prank okay if you're a
longtime viewer then you know that Dale
always brings the coolest stuff over and
what the heck did you bring it's just a
it's just a rocket it's a red signal
flare rocket so if you're stuck on an
island or something exactly what this is
what you would shoot but if you just
want to have fun they were like two
bucks apiece I had to get them let's do
it let's go shoot it rockets come here
hahaha it looks like the movies Red Dawn
what happens when it hits the ground it
burns whatever is on the ground there
goes I know you'll never find it okay so
this is a three minute smoke bomb oh
yeah whoa that was happening I can't
breathe she's smoking baby right there
right there
nah further out it's calling snow this
laser time spider three cool look at
this laser huh look how bright it is
did it's still going full-speed way more
than three minutes I'm trying to scale
that's not worth I'm not even in the
truck Hey
I miss you I miss you too come hang out
tomorrow
oh well no we won't let's do some fun
stuff like we used to do let's blow some
 for sure it's blow some stuff up
it'd seriously blow some huh
yes I want to do something fun nice work
I'll be here at 9:30 in the morning
you guys believe is another Gilroy
Illinois look at that ah up in there all
right guys love you I'll see you
tomorrow okay I'll be all right
they're warping into the night everyone
is leaving the house surprisingly isn't
that bad
who's that over there look at this
little guy think of me know what a great
night what a great time friends and
family right right and it was a great
night was fun ah that's just people I
haven't got to see forever that I love
no all right guys that's uh pretty much
my day I don't know what else to say
maybe I'll go lay by the bay make things
out of clay what do you say
not on a serious note on a serious note
that's all I got for today guys thanks
for hanging out thanks for coming along
it was a good amazing family day I got
to see some people haven't seen for a
while I got to hang out with some
friends I got to hang out with the
family and uh that's really why I came
home to Ohio for this so uh thank you
guys for coming along I love you I will
see you tomorrow and I think tomorrow
we're doing or I think we're doing mail
vlog all of it every single piece oh I
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget the most important thing
about this entire vlog
is to smile more each and every one of
you smile love you guys
mom want and we should do a bathtub
bathtub vlogs all the time I think we
should do once a week like ask us like
truth or dare or like and we come
