all right guys here we go we are my film
production got push three weeks so we
are on our way to Ohio to surprise Noah
yeah yeah I know it has no idea we're
coming we are out of here
got it thanks I'm gonna get yours
we are of course super late
and it's super busy and ant-man ant-man
damn couldn't be more excited today this
was very last-minute it was like one
hour we were like alright we're booking
our flights and we made it happen so I'm
pretty sure Noah's gonna flip be in the
vlog
you're the biggest fan oh yeah biggest
ever the worst part about the airport I
can't express how hard it's been to get
to this point the lady said we were too
late to check our bags and then somebody
let us check them anyway but they said
it might not make it on our flight so we
may have nothing there's suitcases when
we left but we are getting on this plane
at least King carries his own suitcase
he won't let nobody carry it
it's his we were all supposed to sit
separate which was gonna be a nightmare
but the lady just got a seating all
together boom as hard as it's been it's
all working out for one step closer to
seeing Noah
actually feels like a while since I've
been on a plane I used to be on planes
every week every week now it's like Cain
loves playing my cane loves planes he's
a poet didn't know it are you gonna be a
pilot are you gonna drive planes when
you get older
no mommy's never let you can't wait to
see Noah's face man this is all vanilla
it's gonna be shots all right I hope
he's lucky he's gonna be speechless he's
not even gonna know what to do it's
gonna be like no no no girl I think I'll
cry
wake up
the best places ever
certainly our pleasure to welcome you to
Columbus Ohio where approximate local
time is 6:06 please remain seated
expected happiness brought aircraft only
last ones on last ones off hey hey wait
for daddy
we're getting close hopefully our effort
hopefully our luggage makes it otherwise
they're gonna have to ship it to our
house but we're in Ohio and it's sunny
in Ohio it's sunny be 90 90 and probably
humid I'm happy to be here no complaints
um and we're closer to getting to Noah
is that my mom and dad's house
Brittany's mom is here to pick us up and
take us there I think this is the
longest you've ever been away from your
mom Matt when we were in a room by 8
days that was the longest yeah now it's
been almost 2 almost a month for you
right oh wow Tom's fly no you're in Ohio
and everything's close at six o'clock
nobody's at the airport okay Kane's gone
he's he's so Brittany's mom and he's
gone I'm just gonna stand here and film
this
alright we're on our next step we it's
beautiful here it's super humid though
like wet sweaty ha come on naina
I definitely miss Ohio's roads look at
this I can just I can just get wherever
I want to go at any time
just drive I don't think la is even
heard of 60 miles per hour that's like
okay we just got to my mom and dads we
are ready to surprise Noah yeah let's go
get him let's go hit him gonna surprises
Oh
should we just go out
just just go and open the door going
I'll save it yeah we should just go home
Thanks listeners surprise hey buddy you
guys are living large a surprise
surprise that a good surprise wha did
your sunny bunny out here looks like
you're staying with me this week you
know hard you know how hard it was for
me yesterday to be on the phone and not
tell you I was coming and also hard for
me to pick you up and not tell you hey
Fox no we couldn't wait all right dude
was that a surprise or what did you blow
your mind oh we're on our way to our
house funny I don't remember the last
time I was actually home um we got a
bunch of people actually waiting on us
yeah
ah I can't recognize your camera I got a
new one you excited to see Zeus sure how
big were the waves he's talking about
the big waves we went and seen hey hey
hey are you my buddy hey dude
Mon Zeus hey what's up dude yeah baby
girl what maybe Gilroy on the way whoa
oh you already worn out today or what
all right I'm home baby
Lucy's here was here aunt Bea's here
she's been killing it probably right the
orders have been I really just got done
half hour ago so for everyone getting
your orders at smile or store this is
the only reason you're getting them
right there and she's Parian and she's
carrying a new baby oh my gosh you know
I know I've been gone long when when I
left you weren't showing at all and now
you have a whole life form inside she
freaking chase man he's always he's
always causing trouble
yes so although I haven't been home for
a long time we agreed keep monster 1 and
monster two all night fuck you're stuck
with me
you guys look really comfy man see how
smiley boy wasn't you smile so what'd
you think when I got here today what
were you thinking when I open the door
Darrell I think of anything all I
thought over was it a good surprise did
you expect it I missed the aquarium so
much guys you have no idea
do you miss the fishes you miss the
fishies all right guys we have warped
into the night all the kids are in bed
finally now it wasn't that bad
thanks for coming along today guys it
was so such a good feeling to be able to
come here last minute and surprise the
family
Mel especially it was so worth it
so we're actually gonna stay here for
about a week and then it's back to LA
for um actual production on the film so
here we go let's do this I hope to just
kick back this week and recharge kind of
kind of restart my mind a little bit
before this movie so it may be it may be
a little more laid-back we're gonna do
some fun stuff hang out with the family
in there and try to entertain yeah we
love you thanks for coming along your
game and thanks for always showing your
support and positivity in these comments
we will see you tomorrow for sure not
gonna miss it smile more yes smama smama
while I'll just end it
no you hang up let you hang up yeah you
hang up that's actually good rate
nervous scared
Oh
that's the fun of it No
