say you're lazy dude you're solid that's
painful coming from the guy that lets
flow the yeah any week's bhai what no
okay although you do have me there the
next while I'm gonna upload I think is a
blog from I want to say like no like off
or about you're right here alright guys
we're getting ready prepared for
tonight's the night Manistee it's it's
when we find out who wins frankly bring
the year and I'm all blacked out I got
new black converse black jeans black
best a man in black tonight and I'm
diggin the time I got a new tuxedo
jacket and I got to bring my boy biggie
with me that's a good luck charm there's
a good luck charm so yeah you're
nominated in a prank prank a prankster
of the year prank prank channel prank
channel of the year as am i with prank
it forward which I'm really worried
about actually it was a feel-good
channel like he doesn't want to vote for
that I know daddy oh I know oh
I mean Kane's throwing stuff at me he's
like my daddy's gonna beat you ah oh and
uh Kevin's amazing a girlfriend Alissa
is gonna take care of this little
monster you're in for a real treat
tonight
well I promise to put pants on before we
leave alright the final piece of the
puzzle just got here what up guys what
up what up we're all competitors tonight
it is it seems a little strange that was
that everybody what's up everybody we're
on the way right
Jack nothing was the same brother
nothing with the same we're out we're
out we're headed to this place I have no
idea what to expect at all nothing I
have no idea you know what to expect I
just remember the very first treat
streamys we're basically complete and
utter clusterfuck oh yeah I don't know I
think it was like well the street me oh
this is like good know this before for
fourth-year yeah the very first year it
was just so many things going on if you
guys were watching YouTube back then you
know all the drama that went on there
the first tree means I don't want to
rehash anything day on that the camera
was off I want to hear yeah all right
tell us now all right I'm not recording
case we just got here I thought this was
the N Sync concert but it turns out yeah
where did you bring me
Bon Jovi you told me insane you told me
insane then I'm overdressed now I'm
overdressed
yeah keV looking sexy he's a sexy sexy
man works like having to walk the red
carpet
oh my god it's Hollywood yes art holding
two nomination to two not one but two
way to make me feel even more
self-conscious good great nervous scared
to death that's the fun of it no I'm
happy to be here it's cool it was my
first time here so Lucy to number one
fake candles of all time she's a good
price for two
when they see what I did to you in your
vlog coming big douche bag you tell him
you did it to me and I was just getting
you back what did I want you wait
oh I bombed his I bombed his interview
so he bought mangas yeah he probably
didn't get them alone now I want to
Instagram picture this shit this is my
buddy baker office this is my moneymaker
just zip up the muscles this is my
moneymaker
hi I just like PR man Christian just
showed up
oh so he came out to support just old
company trying Oh who's gonna win he's
gonna win Roman vision I'm gonna - go
away or is over here if you see over the
corner what's I said good that's good a
moment everybody because a free beer
tonight free beer and drink and one it
was on me guys it was on man curious
Roman Roman listen dude all night I'm
buying your little shit okay with you I
got all ages Thank You friends for we're
literally just killing time we got here
way too early man way to it this guy
says put it I said instant concert five
o'clock we get here at 5 o'clock too
early because JC Chaussee is gonna come
through the front right now we're gonna
see she would be so happy he's a missing
back your book yeah
you would know anything up here on the
loving every shot this is funny guy
whenever there's camera is funny stop it
I can't be funny in longer than six like
you know how'd your LASIK go
whoa I know I was at the office
yesterday somebody's like did you watch
Logan's snap cause me I don't have him
on snapchat he's doing LASIK right now
I'm so embarrassed
Optimus Prime place is filling up now Oh
some people up filed in yeah that's all
right we're finally gonna be late to
something hey guess who hasn't eaten a
thing because you can't eat anything
here all right guys straight up I don't
know how to say this other than I didn't
win I didn't win I didn't win it's
bullshit yeah guys so uh we are gonna go
to dinner now I'm a little salty
but I think that's just what happens
when you don't win it's tough but it's
no big deal I don't really care that
much I got you guys still so that's all
the matters what about me I got you to
write how does it feel to be a not
winner it feels great it feels great at
least we get to ride home together happy
burger loser thanks guys thank you guys
for getting us there yeah right at the
end of hey you know I just told him we
still got them exactly so all it matters
what's up how'd your nominations go
so nominated in two categories and I
lost both times Hey yeah I lost you bro
it it up two time loser one time lose
you know what we're still celebrate
let's go celebrate
that's what I want to do I want to get
we're still smiling baby we're still
smiling and you know what we're still
gonna make videos and we're still gonna
make them rain that's right because you
know what that's what makes making
videos so awesome is that you guys the
fans like you love what we do and we
love you back so losing tonight both
prank it forward and the roman atwood
show it doesn't matter dude you know
what awesome shit I didn't lose bro I
got pranked back there that's a prank
they're gonna send me my world we're
gonna send you yes it's probably what
they're doing
right alright let's go it's getting our
little black black rod so uh I want to
show you guys how I reacted when I lost
we just got the Santa Monica about to
have some delicious food baby food you
guys ready to eat
you guys ready let's do it and hereby
the king said to his finally let's go
guys Britney you said we gotta run come
on you are not the winner pink channel
of the year you didn't do it so you guys
are saying you're all winners in my
heart
yeah Alex came down to congratulate me
on my loss you totally deserve she got
the place called Hill Stone best ribs in
Santa Monica and for that matter
probably some of the best rooms I've
ever had in my life
I don't know if I'm gonna get that today
it's bulking season the bulking season
from these restaurants in the hub
look at this sausagefest on the size of
a pickle point in the deal we are all
crammed into this booth how you feel
dashboard I have to ask 5 2 P I'm sorry
yeah you gotta let all these guys you
know we're just chillin got to order
some food that's it's all yup for him
just the best part this is the best part
dip this food bar and that's where all
the weed is that's where all the
marijuana is that's what you want right
then okay the top just that square so
this is grilled artichoke I've never had
it it looks good you can take a big bite
of that just eat the whole thing
it's so good
for sure
rose artichoke I don't like it damas
like we gotta get it it's really guys no
I usually give you a food vlog but today
is a food log look at this table oh my
god chicken burgers burgers winds crabs
crabs ribs there's a lot of food on this
table because we could probably feed
more than what's here but we're gonna
eat it all
all of it Roman just finished his whole
plate no not the plate but the ribs are
gone miss ears see Kevin's I'm getting
there I'm almost done alex is close I
would suppose no one else got rid I am
done
I'm a half I'm a happier than going and
shit right I'm savoring these room this
is what was there hey I was gonna tell
her she went to the van who ate some
french fries
I ate her Brenda's there look at these
plates dude well I'm not done yet we
murder we murdered it we stuffed impact
like rats do we ate so much food so much
food we're about to plow into this truck
Oh what was that easy
how did you guys like your food that was
pretty learning how to walk in heels huh
looks like a buck you look like a deer
on ice you see see Alex come back to my
place
cookies famous you make cookies yeah you
didn't did you make cookies for me you
didn't make so you just made cookies for
yourself cuz you want to eat all the
cookies and I can't have any of them is
that what you're saying so what are you
saying is that are you saying you're
gonna share your cookies with me yeah
because they look delicious yeah and I
really like to try you guys made some
balloon animals muscle man
don't you like me sing let them feel
your muscles ha ha
close okay no no you hit my hand
oh one more time
hit him game you're only 30 pounds
I know this is after all day he still
got this energy all day
has no naps nothing these is ready to go
you spin with Kevin no I'm real tight
all right ready yeah get this out of the
way all right real tight are you done
now you got away
alright guys we got an empty house now
I'm going to call it a night thanks for
coming along today and joining this
journey that we do every day we have a
huge huge huge surprise for you tomorrow
you're never gonna guess what it is so I
mean you can try to guess but you're
never gonna guess yeah I love you guys I
will see you tomorrow
don't forget hey I love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow
don't forget smama what you got shot
mache did you make this guy smile more
guys we love you we can do my coupons
dude here you go you're in heaven right
now you can wear this to the show I'm
BAE
