what up guys what's happening with you
I'm not even gonna say it's another
beautiful day because you already know
it is no it's Christian that's my man
right there I just want to show you guys
we got some of our cameras in for the
prank movie and these are so sick fully
remote all controlled through another
room right here I'm so excited I'm so
excited these are monster Sony's man I'm
pumped
alright guys I'm out of the office
although it seems like just seconds to
you I was there all day I'm going to
pick up one of my buddies I'll give you
a hint he is awesome nominated for best
prank channel of the year hmm we are
going to pick out outfits to wear I have
no idea what I'm gonna wear at all all
right I told you I was picking someone
up and it's a surprise who do you think
it is three two one I'm the last person
in yeah I know they're probably thinking
Vitaly because I felt him there at now
the whole vlog I have to smile so they
don't be like small one yes mom
everybody now we're looking at he's
gonna help me dress for the show
tomorrow cuz I have no taste in clothes
and dude you're gonna have money this is
been closed so we're gonna go have fun
and try to you're gonna psyche you out
yeah maybe man maybe not that word but
we're gonna we're gonna get you fresh
we're gonna diaper you out I'm gonna be
diaper that's pasta for bucks so
whatever we can do quick Turkish bath I
brought my coupons dude here you go
you're in heaven right now
you can wear this to the show I made to
the
he's like we gotta go to this store we
came here for this so you don't feel
like
I don't know I feel like there's a lot
of like Justin Bieber outfits here
though
what do you want though you want to
button up or do you want to share I have
no idea I have both our bags were beep
and trying to leave the store
the dude pulls out it like for jewelry
tags out of the jacket I bought I know
you would casual about it though you're
like I had that get there no dude so
somebody stole jewelry put the tags in
the jacket I bought by all the jewelry
he's going to be wearing tomorrow wash
well I got a little chain that goes over
here all we didn't show what you got oh
yeah have to wait oh yeah yeah oh you
looked at a cake you guys know Lucy
can't be eaten cake oh you minor regime
now yeah last time I was in your vlog I
was overweight yeah I'll have a cake for
you how's that now we just got the
cheesecake factory it's really loud in
here
I don't know if you're gonna be able to
hear me
just don't even look at it is somebody
fed a book yes Hawking here endeth good
not even want I tried different I didn't
get wings this time guys I got orange
chicken with vegetables and rice it's
not completely healthy but I'm
influenced by this guy fish that's right
a salad so good and I made a longest
time but there's gonna be a selective I
understand gains well that was fun dude
thanks for coming out
Oh what is that Oh what is this Ari it's
just some stuff you guys oh he's killing
it good I would show you mama I want to
rip my shirt and I man hey uh we had fun
oh you're driving
it scared me now I always always vlog
and drive it it's actually um anyway
guys I don't say one thing don't forget
to smile more always a big smile I
succeed on teaching abilities pawsley
smiles ha it doesn't come off positive
feeling today if I don't win the award
tomorrow do you like this yeah yeah that
we able sequel seamlessly now we have
fun even though you didn't really didn't
really dress me tonight mom hi you did
you did you did suggest the one inside
side to the vest and then everything
like just hearing that planted into your
head all black everything you're right
all black I'm all black probably gonna
be better ass tomorrow not best dress
maybe I'll get a word for that so I
ain't gonna get yo here's them lights
all lit up check it out woo
I just got home cane came where's Cana
oh did he go to bed ah I need sleep okay
well here's his monkey
huh all right take my picture
oh no what are you guys gonna do to me
oh my gosh oh dude you sure got some of
it ah oh man that's so funny yeah
look at my Eric this puts the icing on
the cake canes monkey okay let's see
what you look like
can we do yours this is hilarious let's
see a pretty girl let me end my vlog and
we'll all go to night night together all
right guys we're coming to the kitchen
like old-fashioned can you put a trailer
on boy
alright guys I'm going to cut it off
right now and we're all going to go to
bed together this will be the earliest
I've got the bed and it feels like three
years yes 10:30 right now so we're all
gonna go crash together he's never going
to sleep
who's dude is so wired alright guys
tomorrow's the big day we find out if
the the main channel gets pranked
channel of the year it's it's it's a lot
it's a lot no matter who wins I I mean
it's it's a huge it's a great list of
pranksters so alright guys thanks for
coming along today I will see you
tomorrow don't forget
wish me luck I love your smile more see
this one here oh my god
