here I love you so much
sucker-head that's a big sucker Wow
give me kiss right here what up what up
guys good morning it's time to head
first of all it's a good time to get out
of Ohio we just we just took down the
Columbus in our court case we won and
now we are scheduled to head to LA for
VidCon and before I tell you anything
else Brittney and I just played board
games in the backseat of this car what
do you guys think about that disgusting
oh I mean we just finished playing clue
did a great game now the question is is
your strategy disgusting another
question is if we're gonna make it to LA
after what I'm gonna do on the plane
I'll be sitting right beside you so
you'll just tell them it's okay it's
okay yes I'm in for a challenge they
took a couple oh he did have his
medication today take your bag look II
have fun
say hey to everyone in LA for me hey
everyone in LA I'll be here hold it down
hold it down boy and if the cops come
see sorry bro we're not here
now all right right the airport ready to
head out of here you know you know by
Los Angeles is the river you want a neck
pillow you can use mine nah oh la la
dude she's getting ready to have a
threesome
let's get some girl and girl on action
over there at the airport I didn't know
Columbus promoted that I just screamed
buyed I forget who sent me this but it's
probably one of the best neck pillows
I've ever seen dude what do you think
you jelly me one this is like your kind
of neck pillow good alright but you
probably wear it backwards all the time
okay oh I was pretty hot that was pretty
hot
funny thing is I come here almost every
time I come to this Airport this little
Wolfgang place they make some killer
like pizza and soups good soups
good soups we can't believe you got a
whole pizza to yourself
the tally didn't want to share he want
his own pizza she said it's a diet man
that Ohio diet sitting next to John III
eat smart I got a salad right here you
can almost see it right there if you
look closely here we go so the good news
is if this plane doesn't make it to LA
we upload the biggest Franklin driver
uploaded today yeah well I wanna make
you feel ill turn our on to no
Batali's nervous because he wants to
make a video the video on their book on
the plane also to live in sorry guys we
don't know you Brittany will sell you
out
at your service
oh my gosh he's so nervous
hi Patrick
did you know in my 12-minute
three-two-one have a safe flight
everybody
sov
nothing
juggling on a plane
well we made it we made it we're here
it's dark out
that's right now Kelly's on his phone
he's busy he's doing he's doing busy
stuff make all the UH all the TSA guys
looking at Vitaly your uniform is
actually blue one guy was said what do
you say good choice are you sure yes
something like that
he's like interesting interesting tricky
choice of a t-shirt today an interesting
should've told him interesting here yeah
let's get the hell out of here I used to
love airports now hated these place the
world dude I told I had that
conversation everybody was like how do
you love airplanes I think she's coming
right now
we like live on me just like another
flight this place never surprises me how
busy it is it's always busy no matter
what
oh hi oh there's no cars apparently
there's no lines there's no way you're
getting out of here
sit what's up man you made it place is
crazy it's crazy so there's really
nothing to see here
hey ru hey what is this try it I know
I've had and you know why you made this
for me for what are these called again
man you a meanie put it
bhamini nothing written love Roman you
know Pat pepper come on look every time
I suck in watch my nose is it doing it
yeah it's nothing creepy don't be doing
it it's awesome
Doritos hook blook I'm beat of stuff the
subway real quick before we go to our
hotel somewhere something all right we
just got to our hotel this I don't know
why we have so many beds this is from
YouTube oh oh looks so delicious says
hello welcome to VidCon 2014 we are so
excited to spend a next couple of days
with you enjoy these sweet treats on us
YouTube team whoa I don't know where to
start
I'm sorry here it's poison it's poison
it's prank
it's prank you're dead that's over this
place is nice really nice
alright guys with all that being said
we're going to end the vlog I don't know
anymore whether it's short or long the
vlog but we're getting ready for really
exciting fun weekend where we're going
to meet a lot of YouTube celebrities and
hang out with them and party party party
maybe we'll see all right guys we will
see them all we're passing out it's
midnight here which is three o'clock our
time 3:00 in the morning
so we're beat we're gonna crash and call
it a night and refresh be fresh tomorrow
thank you guys for coming out late with
us we're gonna have fun at VidCon we
will see you tomorrow until then don't
forget to smile won we just won we just
won
oh my man how are you and Lauren okay
whoa oh yeah now you take you up that
promise then it's right that promise man
