whatup guys starting the day off at
nectar juice bar with my good buddy Sam
what up dude and we're about to shoot
some pranks today well uh let me I can
what's up dude what you go she got guys
referee told of dollar ito right here
dollar ito Mallory go nice to meet you
I got a twenty before I Drive so that's
fine that's why I'm gonna introduce this
thing what does this call did an acai
ball it's Brazilian fruit coconut
granola I don't even know what's all in
this but it looks like heaven before a
good shoot day this is this is what I
need man I'm fine yeah alright we had
our little breakfast we're going to pick
and pick up these guys called to chase
each other they made that gallon milk
smash of any of you guys oh I remember
these guys these are the guys that made
that yeah oh I know I that video is so
bad but it did good online everyone kind
of loved it damn so I'm working with you
illegal pranksters yeah oh my god you
know they got banned from making videos
from YouTube for a whole year I heard
they got they that probation said if
they make another prank in year period
they go to prison so kids out there
unity but I screw that's why you do
legal shit don't do illegal pranks cause
if that easy
I'm gonna tell them that too
never been to a Kmart in LA we're
looking for I gave you one job yesterday
nice fishing string one react one thing
and he gets neon blue fishing straight
was talking his life so we're looking
for fishing strand how do you guys how
do you guys say your channel name it's
called the chasing shit jay-z these are
the dumbasses that did the milk gallon
smash stupid video guys I'm sorry
stupid know the real story though the
real story is these guys got like they
weren't allowed to make videos for a
year did I would cry if somebody told me
I fit my goodness I'm crying dude my
life would be over
it's too sticky I get you got sticky but
bro you got to get him this part
but what are these well yes this is this
is what we need and a cheap one it's
cheaper I will $8 fishing wire
let's get 12 and something lighter
Inglewood Inglewood I love this
rolls-royce dude we are looking for a
good location to set up shop you guys
know what we're doing today
snake prank with trying to put a twist
on it but we need people and right now
the streets are pretty empty we just
landed in the Santa Monica area
Inglewood was no good up to no good I'm
scare the poor lady she's working yeah
take a picture with me real quick
say cheese did it flash right under your
three-time white its Larry it's blurry
one second bye it's Tilbury how is it
the left on all the right one
All Whites a video Oh so today we're
rigging up booby tracks it's basically a
trip line if it's the back of them we're
rigging up booby traps so we don't even
have to touch a snake they actually make
it move
it's actually pretty cool looking crazy
oh wait it's just hard to the yeah I'm
gonna take it if it's not yours imma TT
I'll just not already no I'm just
kidding sorry we're filming a video down
here oh yeah yeah oh we didn't get you
that good though so the concept here is
we tie the string to a bench we put the
snake in a bush and it creates a trip
line with very thin string so the string
snaps almost every time but it makes
them think the snakes coming at them
it's hilarious do we just sit down on
this bench off do it he's so obviously
we're already being run out by police
people get so upset over nothing it's
just a snake on a string I don't get it
I don't get it head on right on all the
way from Germany huh huh huh double big
what your camera am i looking at so many
people here
way too many kids though to be pulling
pranks here kids and old people it's a
big no-no this is the best in the biz
right here man you're looking at the
best in the biz right here this is the
place called 800 degrees never been here
Oh Sam says it's good and I guess it's
like it's like Chipotle for pizzas right
or subway for pizza bought much back
when they realize it's the one are you
getting paid to say this no I wish oh
this is it I got pepper and cheese and
sausage would you get margarita all
right all right we out of here we out of
here oh there she is there she is let's
take a picture let's take a picture oh
wait it didn't take it didn't take I'm
pretty sure you take her picture all day
this is beautiful any much these houses
are right here 200 billion dollars each
two hundred billion dollars each I say
nice lady sorry no that's like a castles
everywhere ah maybe one day guys maybe
one day maybe if I start a
I got nothing I got nothing this is some
of the craziest drive and everlue this
yeah this is driving with this cliff
alright that's luck if you just go
forward right there we're down with all
my god if you passed out right now the
hand brakes right down here we should
just go right up there Oh hit not going
to oh my god I'm gonna throw up
so I Roman stop to pee in a bush I hope
we're just gonna drive up and see what
you guys see you later right man
oh we can't turn around no that's your
Chris big roads too thin Romans are
running back to life you can do it yo
the O key thing was yeah I had to
reverse all the way back and then I
chose reversed over first it's but you
hit it did you get on here right Oh dad
to pee in the richest neighborhood on
the planet Road you see that car pull
right up behind me while I'm peeing you
gotta go you gotta go
it was just a water bottle P prank good
if you ever want to piss in public just
keep a water bottle with you if anybody
questions you just turn around go hit
some water bottles of pray
it's a great idea to get up the hill go
go go go yeah give it hell bro my mom
was good I bet when we come back it's
gonna be all the way down the hill back
here I'm right on how's that pretty cool
she's got the Runyon cannon ran into a
soldier what's up my name is David David
he said I just watched your blog to this
awesome dude no no this is a prank yeah
we are we're uh we're hooking up a snake
out here get some reactions this is a
super-sweet area guys like it's it's
nice and cool finally it's just I think
snakes are a little more believable in
this environment with dirt and grass and
weeds and not a lot of room for error
here I mean there's a couple pools you
could land in possibly that's a big pool
down there this is one amazing view man
how do you uh like that would you look
at it oh mylanta all right we are either
moving or calling it quits this prank is
it's all right it's all right it's not
epic it's not main channel worthy right
now but you never know we might be able
to I don't know had to make a quick stop
at the bottom of the mountain we were
way up there so he Sam can clean his
baby
ah good I would clean this thing every
day it was completely covered in dust
we're good this thing code we don't know
I thought I just picked him out of this
guy strip huh
like all different weights oh shit you
were doing really well with just a free
fall is too many people were watching me
it was terrible look we just ran into a
home depot to look for some stuff and I
brought my kids with me as you can see
this one's 44 gallons dude get out of
there
I can't take you guys anywhere at some
time are you leaving dude yeah yeah so
alright I got you guys like oh he's
behind the door guys he's behind the
door wait a second that was amazing
that was almost embarrassing dude you
met well that was funny alright guys so
although it was a fun day it was kind of
a failed day I'm just gonna go ahead and
show you some of the reactions we got we
wanted the concept that the snake was
kind of a booby trap a trap and that we
didn't have to be there to set it off
they set it off and this is some of the
reactions we got
she said those to me you should know how
much I don't know anything sinkhole is
it real yeah Oh real what's at might be
venomous looks like a snake that's a
snake
yeah it's dangerous for dogs though very
dangerous like a string king came here
and it's like a snake oh okay giving a
sneak peek we stay just before dawn yeah
what's so dark in here
where's where's Kane at Kane oh hey
little unnie but you go swim in oh he
did it
today was so rough Sora friggin dude
called the cops on us
all I wanted to do was just go back to
just a fun simple public prank where I
missed out some creative little fun
thing and it was just so hard today how
was you guys day it was good we just
hung out and please I just got jump rope
a poor snake alright guys it's all I got
for you I'm absolutely exhausted
it was a long umm day I'm gonna cut it
off here I love you for live daily vlogs
obviously follow me on snapchat I'd be
doing I'm trying to get better at it but
basically take you through my day lives
you don't wait 24 hours for another
or I'm gonna cut it off I love you guys
I will uh probably be working all day
tomorrow pranking so he's taking you
along and we got a monkey in the house
little wonky hi little monkey
you look just like Caine oh wait who's
back there I love you guys thanks for
coming along smile more
this is Griffith Observatory it sits up
on the mountains it's beautiful it's hot
there's grass
