hey guys last year me and my entire team
went to Las Vegas we had a blast was a
riot but the video had to be deleted off
YouTube in just one day so here it is
again
hope you enjoy we are Vegas bound baby
get our little suitcase hey smile more I
know way to go this is a big friggin van
yeah there's so many seats we gotta go
pick up at Ali and Kevin you know where
you going no oh mister 10:00 a.m. we'll
be there at 10:00 a.m. Vegas let's do it
10:30
dennis is giving me shit easy oh yeah
let's go you're such a woman I was here
at 9:45 there we were at for all 30 a.m.
all waiting on this yeah we're one of
Italian moms you really gonna tell his
mom you never get exciting that very
excited you know Zoey so it worked so
basically we're going to be inside
Batali's mom's apartment right we're
going to be inside your mom gonna be
inside your mom's apartment man we're
never getting to Vegas to ever hit Vegas
go go back go back go back go back
okay we're trying to park a van this is
just one of many parking zone how many
backseat drivers oh my god you're so
tall I know every time out here how do
you like it well it's you know you dress
like suppose summer it is summer for us
know some people drop and you're all
mine every day that is little battalion
you have plenty of juice way more to
shit all the time
hey we love we love coming over for
breakfast no dipping his tongue it's
just bit his tongue oh it's the best
breakfast I've had in LA I swear she
made like this she made like these
cheesecake things I don't know what they
are love you know such a wonderful
breakfast thanks for the breakfast
welcome guys Bobby I like enjoy okay
they're so soft
hey those are hard-working hands right
there
just a doctor yo hi guys we're going to
Vegas excited ready yeah you do
I'm ready yeah I'm ready tonight to my
nights guys there's not a huge drum big
money babe I love that smile look at
that smile that is beautiful T Nate
Queen your unforgettable all right we're
out of here
a little exercise in a little exercise
yeah I got a gate to keep moving man get
in here this long shit
we made it to Barstow right yes and it's
official
this is the most depressing place on the
entire planet and it's exactly what
halfway between LA and Vegas yeah so
we're literally in the middle of nowhere
if we walk a hundred yards in any
direction we're liable to stumble onto a
meth operation
it's basically what it's about yeah
let's go I'm gonna do dude that is so
weird
do they all those masks I do the way you
just got in this van and vitaliy in the
van reminded me of this video I see Oh
what videos lady I don't know I say uh
what was it called Ewing
you're not taking a piss or something on
the door are you we're just bored let us
be
what
there
oh my god
oh my god I want to do it that's my bad
that was my bad one more one more
we just got the Vegas Kevin and I jumped
out of the van because we have to pee so
bad they're stuck way back there I'm
like I gotta go now it's the best
feeling ever
all right all better now we just got to
find the van that's right angry so much
better
we both literally just lost what like 20
pounds each Biron oh I had to go I know
I have to know get our stuff and go in
how many keys brother just two please
for t-shirt just try it
are you guys ready or what are you ready
are you ready
barroom I cannot find the lights where
are the lights
like
yeah them just got to our room I'm like
you know how to turn the lights on cuz I
can't figure it out this is nice
lottery fight tonight you're gonna sleep
there I'm here yep
now I think I'll take that one okay dude
I'm bringing out the tiger tonight - bad
boy up and we're gonna get frosted
flakes yeah check gotta bring out the
tiger hey she don't know no is he coming
I can't wait to see that in super slo-mo
when you like well I mean that's like a
new thing with your vlogs you love to
show like two clips over and over so I'm
looking forward to like yeah seeing that
again and again and again when you when
you get me need to work on your editing
seriously guys like you got there's your
man writer son flat your last yes lad
your shirt stuff like yeah you don't
move hey watch this is a Roman Atwood
blog you guys ready
hey Roman I got some drinks you ready to
get crunk hey Roman I got some drinks
you ready to get crush this sucks cuz
that's true
oh my god that shirt is ridiculous
that's it yo yo yo hi I feel like that's
the kind of t-shirt you were in a
Burning Man for Vegas Yahweh that's but
I like it right works and I'm I thought
I had the coolest cat t-shirt Oh should
think of that I thought I had the
coolest cat t-shirt but Roman takes the
cake well I I can't how the hell am I
supposed to compete with that with that
I can't compete with that
just be glad I'm takin ya no no cuz if
you weren't hmm me and you you baby so
this is pregame right here right
drinking ice cold what is it White
Russian White Russian why can't you sell
white rush can you drink it all one
because there's no
like people in Russia sit do you just
nobody's gonna buy oh do you just sit
like a little girl already chug it all
we target will enforce a target hold it
up hold it up next to your face well I
want us to have a law contest this is
all we're getting ready to go down now
you're gonna choke faster yeah all right
it's contest I say contest right now
between our two Mitali what's bet of us
better people yeah wait this is hell
yeah we're in Vegas we got a bet on
everything all right yeah I got a dollar
cash right now
what saw me yeah we are who puts on me
nothing just adjust just lie down money
on Vitaly
Dave I'll go with Alex just because just
because I my question what he's like the
little kid is my heart's beating damn
your camera's roars come on helmet down
already I have I have money on Vitaly I
say win ready Fabio cheers Cheers
yeah but one when I say go ready yeah
set go hold it chugging it go go go
Sally's done down dude Cali beat you not
even a drop good let me see ah you must
look ridiculous hey you gonna do your
hair bro Tim yes really
yo we gotta go yo Batali just realized
that when you talk my shirt goes check
check check
was the best shit ever see hey hey
that's awesome
oh man wha how you gonna compete with
this little rude
yeah hey sailor I've never seen you
around these parts yeah yeah I never see
you around so for some reason we're
starting at the buffet tonight his
Batali has to eat but you can't tell oh
my god you're gonna regret that
for what I have a six-pack if I look I
can do this shit what hey hey
let's see B for buffing B for buffing
all right now after Buffy so the Vegas
buffet you can get just about anything
any time sushi delicious sushi ribs you
guys know I love ribs and then there's
just aisles tons of aisles of tons of
food and it's only ridiculously
expensive
my routine with me
no good she gets you to shake him your
plate looks good
I've got like the typical piece of pasta
the typical food ribs pizza pasta
potatoes garlic bread
Vitelli gonna fall back on his chair he
fall over a lot some people just can't
handle Vegas go hop up do don't be dumb
he's alright he had a beer he had a beer
he had a beer I'm gonna have to go again
this guy's good little toy play had it
really good basically it's a little
shooter chocolate shooter oh my god
alright we're done eating a buffet was
not that good I don't know it wasn't
that good we're gonna hit the rush
scripts
first in San Jose Las Vegas Vegas Vegas
PD I say some are more do it again
listen here's the deal you need to smile
more right because when you're watching
a Roman Atwood blog you tend to smile a
lot more if I take what you know I
sitting there and I was watching you
with your son Ethan y'all are running
around and doing all kind of stuff
reminded me ma
me and my son Bobby I take not telling
everything about propane and propane
accessories
oh that's awesome did great uh Eagle he
does a great Eagle the he'll do the
eagle first of all you just said I can
do a great Eagle impression I've never
done an eagle him oh now he's being
modest he's being modest now if I really
go do your evil
imagine like that's my best that's my
best you owe your luck me down I can do
I can do a raindrop Wow
do Christopher Walken you know ramen is
put me on the spot I don't like it and
say why he said with the camera right in
my face I don't like it first of all I'm
insisting this is Christopher Walken ah
maybe I want to you know maybe I just
want to sit here and get crunk with my
friend you know maybe getting some
trouble in Las Vegas but he's sitting
here making me do what I don't want to
do
Kevin Brooke everybody would boo you got
to go down the steps dude $80 you guys
touching this Hey
ya hear that yeah what happened to you
guys we lost you dude
where's Jerome I don't know like you say
he was coming with us no he's not with
us hey guys this mall is a huge piece of
shit right look at these frescoes it's
so generic so generic they're like the
worst made out of play-doh okay let's go
right now okay so I'm in this fitting
room trying on this shirt right here I
like it so I buy it and I'm walking out
with it
Denis walks out of the changing room
right beside me with the same shirt we
didn't even know what store we were in
we completely separated Wow a space that
is crazy this is awesome this is
Caesar's Palace
with
here
in this
I
yo the cab's like we need to get to our
hotel which is down the I don't know 15
minutes look at the cab lon
yeah yikes I don't think that's gonna
happen
then no one wants to wait for attacking
we're not waiting for a taxi we got a
limo
oh yeah I want to stay on the I enjoy
bugs right yeah Jill okay oh my god so I
have to wonder how much money gets
cycled through this city every single
night how much money goes through this
city in one night I would HIGHLY put
into millions not billions bills in
billions it's not billiard millions
that's a joke this casino sees a million
dollars oh oh yeah this casinos he's
probably yeah
million millions tonight but that
billion hardest part is they won't let
me film up at the game so this kind of
has to be cut out it's three minutes
three minutes till your birthday we got
three more minutes till Brits birthday
midnight
two minutes two minutes two minutes okay
we only got one more minute one more
minute one more minute it's your
birthday Wow you're 20 I know
hey we're going to beat yours madhouse
right now
this place is crazy 42
what are you happy yeah 42 alright we're
going to beat yours madhouse
yeah
you
weapon
Oh
he may not have a whole
they're saying competition
Oh for all right for
we shared you right here you do Wow I
love you you know I'll see you tomorrow
yeah no see you tomorrow
we stop bro I love you Kevin all right
buddy
I love you this guy and this girl how
ridiculously beautiful are they together
you guys see what are you gonna make
another baby I think that's what
everyone wants to know when are you guys
gonna make we're sure all right we're
trying well stop targeting me and go
make some more babies I gotta say why I
gotta say about Alex yo bro Thank You
Josh for an amazing night I love you
this has been so much fun I'm about to
go continue go have fun playing boy
games okay you have flat C sex like
everything y'all feel in the morning
girls if I play apples - bagina
ah have a good night be careful I
literally cannot find the elevators
someone famous should I get my
I know you warned me
you're from YouTube right yeah bro oh I
like how you try to take a picture with
somebody famous and they know who I just
look like they were like I know they
were cool yeah it's awesome
anyway and then we go to a club and look
freaking people are wearing smile more
sure it's it's un-freakin'-believable
it's awesome yeah it is awesome so
awesome I'm sure if he like told me his
address I would know what shirt it was
or what like I feel like I remember
every address I said it's not my shirt I
don't think you're gonna remember what
you just said Wow alright we're almost
there in this vlog we are staying at the
MGM room 337 that's our room if you love
right here alright there alyx this room
is the 338 this is his ah alright guys
I'm calling tonight because you know
what's about to happen
Wow that is all right look all right
guys we love you until tomorrow I hope
this was a nice long fun vlog for you I
really wanted to focus on a long vlog
today and I tried not to cut too much
out I hope you guys loved it until
tomorrow
thanks for blowing these vlogs up hit
that like button you guys really show
your appreciation we love you smile our
outfit for Vegas I don't know yet I need
to do a outfit
I like your original birthday outfit you
don't need to get another
