does not look like a pancake honey you
have to wait for it to be done before
yeah hey guys I need your help there's
this dude in his underwear chase me
around my apartment what's up guys
thanks for coming back again today we
are going to get some food that's what
humans do we eat too much food Oh God
Kane fell asleep he is completely asleep
he fall asleep yeah yeah he's asleep and
he won't even smile hold in this parking
garage and this dude's like you can't
park here you can't park here
ha ha this dude way just subscribed
right yeah yeah we go to save and I'm
like loss for words Jesus I'm shaking
and then he put us right up front really
this is our spot
that's what's up just give this to the
guy when you're leaving
right on thank you I remember not long
ago pulling a prank with steve-o on the
in this alley and we took the alley
because steve-o gets recognized so much
and at the end of the alley there is
actually paparazzi taking photos of them
I was just thinking how crazy it must be
to be that famous you see that old car
we are back in the Hollywood area
looking for somewhere to eat we're
making sure we're making a terrible
mistake right now terrible mistake Wow
right here we go I feel like I haven't
done a food blog for days hey I got me a
big spicy mustard drop Brittany got her
fancy little chicken boneless kids meal
kids meal and got some corn dogs and and
it's all and his oranges then we got our
healthy hey we got some healthy celery
right there baby
give me five give me eight all this food
I got mustard on my camera
all right stuffed out of my mind I can't
even hardly breathe it's so busy in
Hollywood right now it's Friday for us
so it's just crazy busy with Kane
getting through them Krause's it's quite
the adventure always really makes your
mom your mother and father instincts
kick in hard yeah
find another cane we had to come to
store and get a new cane because ours
was wearing out so we got a new one here
and he seems to be just like the other
hand hmm all right cane I got a serious
question for you okay do you want a pet
tiger you want a pet tiger you do yeah
do you think it's gonna be yeah what if
it bites us ah put the tiger you're
missing a set of whiskers just a little
kitty
fits you
ah
are you gonna be kitty cat loose in the
apartment I'm gonna take him down he's
trapped true here they pick that up so
you can see all right guys before I
forget cuz I'm like I think I'm three
days behind on this this vlog camera
giveaway so let's do it right now let's
see I told you guys um last week told
you guys last week that I was going to
give away my last vlog camera my last
broken vlog camera and that's exactly
what we're gonna do right now is this
yeah yeah
make sure wasn't blurry I got some kind
of weird oil on my lens and I've been
spending about 10 minutes trying to get
it off it's still on there but it's not
too bad you can still see a haze ah okay
okay we on the vlog Channel community
and then we hit fans all right guys are
you ready for the winner of the
busted-up block camera I don't know why
you guys want this so bad but I figured
out if you hit it right here yeah really
I look it goes back to normal
yeah this is the most active user this
week I use my laptop and it looks like a
picture of our Justine I use my laptop
you are the most active viewer this week
I'm sending you the camera I need a
direct message from you here send me
your dress all love to you man or woman
I don't know there is no good content
on my channel every time it's hard
because number two what about the number
two guy or the number three this sucks
so I'm just sticking to my original
which is the number one that's to get it
wowzers so direct message me dude or
chick
alright canes asleep Lee this place man
he's just like a ticking time bomb all
right guys I'm gonna go ahead and set a
world record for the shortest vlog today
I really got nothing for you tonight and
I have way too much to do to be sitting
here just boring you guys so I'm gonna
cut it off now I hope you guys had a
fantastic day I love you and I will see
it's expect that did you
it was fast like lightning all right
guys I love you thanks for your support
try to please understand that I'm just
busy with so many things to make every
day so exciting for you I love ya I will
see you tomorrow
smama okay boy this mother white son if
I say they're gonna daddy look we first
found me haha I got the same the first
one ever scare my first one ever is here
on his first black right he's never met
a black I've never seen that
