what up guys today we are on an
adventure an almost two hour car ride
outside of Los Angeles to Newport Beach
what piece all to two-hour drive that's
right we're off to find some monster
waves
hop on in little birdie that's up buddy
how's it going be ready to go have fun
with my car see ah the funnest part of
road trips boom
so no this morning Alex texted me he's
like dude 25-foot waves at Newport and I
was like let's go right now but I
couldn't get my vlog out so we had to
wait on that friggin wind
oh my twitter did you get anything
unhealthy for me no ah this is what's
stuck in traffic is like two kids in
your backseat the traffic in the city
people it's right now we're at ten
minutes a mile so if you're three
minutes you're three miles away you've
got thirty minutes of driving and we're
almost we're a we're way past two hours
driving we've got 20 minutes 20 minutes
we've got 1.7 miles together
all right we've made it
we've only got to walk point one miles
and apparently we're not the only people
that know about these waves
yep we're not the only ones that heard
about these waves yeah this is
definitely going to be worth the drive
it took us three hours to get here oh my
gosh
the crowds thousands of people thousand
so sick
since how you measure the size of the
wave right it sure that's the biggest
thing
oh yeah oh yeah sure okay I can't
believe how many people are here this
place is crazy everybody that wrote a
bike is a genius because you can just
park your bike news trucks after news
trucks crazy alex is trying so hard to
find a place to pee
there's no restrooms somebody's out
oh that is sick
get really tall big there and I see a
person
look at that look at the second
Oh
Oh looking behind it
thank you
serious thing are we going to be
marrying a high tide or watch
yeah hey cane you want to go swimming
that big bathtub you want to get in
there look at that that's the right
and went in together
the wall
that's just nowhere let me get a good
idea for sure extra time what's up dude
what's up dude
data leave this damn dude this was a
freaking riot I could sit here all day
no food nor drinks nothing I was sitting
on watch up it's not even gonna register
how crazy that was on camera I'm telling
you yeah sound like baby waves get her
get her get her
oh you can't beat the freakin view of
this place it's amazing look hands
getting tired he's been a champ to hang
on he got sand all over your hands it
won't come off really hard to get off
baby powder I told you guys about this
it's so amazing all that much that much
does it have to be this good just for
his are
look semi my hands every single piece of
sand is gone but now you look like your
cup how you look like you're not ready
to cook a cake any time you get sand
stuck to you like wet sand put baby
powder on it it takes it off instantly
makes you feel brand new or for you just
put it all about
well yeah gets rid of that chafing it
sort of diaper rash you big baby
Britney's taking a bath and that stuff
oh my god you know where this guys going
to the gas station this gets to highway
0 city and gas much we've all been
holding our pee all night no bathrooms
on that beach
oh I gotta go I gots to go look at the
cars King
I've never even seen that the flat a
flash on this camera just popped up what
the huh what do you think of that what
go surfing
it was crazy crazy like I hope they
can't I know the cameras not gonna show
I mean it looked good on camera but in
person with the sound of the waves
hitting air it's amazing crowd like
cheering them on or saying Oh
like yeah I've wanted my entire life to
see waves like that as soon as Alex told
me that this morning he was like it's
two hours away or so I was like I don't
care how far it is let's go it was it
was worth the drive
alright guys I am going to cut this
floor Gogh I need a little help for me I
need my soldiers I need my loyal most
well if you made it to the end this vlog
I already know you're my most loyal
viewers so I need your help tonight I am
you guys haven't noticed I've been
driving this car sign gave me everywhere
like everywhere it's helped these vlogs
out so much it gets just like today I
was driving I was like all Sion asked me
to do was show them some love on their
social platforms and I just haven't done
that I gave them a tweet or whatever
which is cool but I figured since their
car they freaking gave me helps these
vlog so much I figured I would ask you
guys
you don't have to you don't have to
follow anything just go to their Twitter
I'll put the link at the top of this
video and just say something nice just I
want them to see how thankful we as a
team are to have that car anything even
if you have just 30 seconds to just go
and say thanks for you know hooking the
Atwoods up or roaming up with that car
seriously guys thank you so much that's
all I got for you today I had a riot
smile where you guys I love you he's
smiling
tomorrow's a new day it's gonna be
awesome coming with me smile or don't I
was thinking I always do food blogs all
this vlogging every day
I've never done a shower ball come on
let's take a shower huh what you're in
here what are you doing
