what up guys good morning I am still on
recovery mode from yesterday's vlog I do
I got a lot to do today it's gonna be a
boring vlog straight up so although you
guys see me as a youtuber vlogger
prankster there's still a lot of my time
spent in front of one of these notepads
you wouldn't think so would you yeah I
got to spend a lot of time with these
guys it's always good it's always good
write down your ideas I can't tell you
how many times I'm like I got the best
idea ever I don't write it down and I
forget and sometimes even getting a
dollar pad of paper and a pan is enough
to motivate you to start writing it's
true it works
busy busy busy Monday everyone look it's
Monday for me and I got a live in front
of the paper today that's right I know I
keep saying the movie is near but the
movie is near and as the director of
this movie I'm required to do a lot of
BS that stands for by the way
you guys think I was hungover from last
night
nah Brittany is hungover she has been in
bed all day and I stepped up to the
plate I know what cures her hangover
that's a sub so I just went got herself
I'm the best guy in the world you know I
deserve nothing this is what boyfriend
should do here you go you bum tell mommy
to move
she's never allowed to drink again ever
okay hey do you want to go with Daddy
yeah you do well let's get dressed boy
all right you're gonna be busy yeah okay
you're not feeling that bad come on well
I just can't be or keep anything down
oh all right I'm taking Caine
you get a good nap sleep just sleep I am
the best I know are you ready all right
let's go
so for my entire night I'll be working
on paperwork and I'll show you guys what
I'm doing later but for now Kane and I
are gonna run out to the really cool
Hollywood toys and costume store I just
figure Kane would love it yeah dude
and I'm looking for some juggling
supplies maybe some different yeah we're
looking for some like different practice
I think the balls that I use for
juggling they're not meant for like
learning they're actually like
professional ball so I'm gonna try to
get something better for learning and
and just look around have some fun let
Brittany get a nap
what do you think I Hollywood did we
just got the Hollywood Boulevard we're
looking for this toy place whatever it's
called there's so much stuff to do here
they got the juggling stuff uh it'll
find the pole star which one should we
get
oh you like those ones look these ones
you can catch on fire yeah that I don't
know I don't know they have a little bit
of everything here huh oh you found some
feathers maybe got this
what Oh they've got the Roman soldier
outfits up here leave that you wear one
of those no no do you like a bug what I
look like
Oh hmm this alright did you find
something you have to get what is it
yeah sword that's a big sword
I feel like mommy's gonna be really
happy about this ah you gotta use your
sword are you gonna
oh you like your sword did it is awesome
you look like a little warrior a Roman
warrior Roman soldier ah yeah I have a
feeling there's gonna be countless
bruises on my body because of that new
toy hmm so we were just gonna go home
like I should but I'd rather
procrastinate on all the work I have to
do this on taking cane to the part yeah
you put your old shirt shoes on you're
ready to play yeah
it's the happiest kid on the planet man
every day so happy I'm so lucky you
think you can fight me you think you can
take me down
ok ok ok ok just kidding
you know the adventure of Cain Atwood
he came as a boy to conquer LA then he
saw a squirrel looking for a big stick
so that we can sword fight oh that's a
route that one's connected yeah well
that one's connected to oh you see it I
see a green ball there's a ball do you
see it
let's go get it
yeah they throw it to me oh are you
gonna catch it I hit it with your sword
whoa it was a good shot
do you wanna hit me you're gonna have to
catch me oh oh it goes whoa
mm it's pretty rare that we have this
whole field to ourselves nobody here
it's awesome just some one-on-one
much-needed time with my little monster
here
huh well right between your legs
here comes
when
he's gonna sword he's gonna stop are you
guys okay should we leave it here let
somebody else play with it hey I'll kick
it up high and we'll leave it for
somebody else now somebody else can have
fun so we just warped into the night I
am up to my neck and paperwork that I
have to do tonight Cain is killing some
ice cream what's on your hand smiley
face yeah and I got to lift my spirits a
little bit I got Chinese food which is
one of my favorites
hey cutie and mommy I had to take a
break it's been four hours four hours in
paperwork how are you even still awake
dude my kiss
all right guys for my most loyal viewers
that are still watching today I uh I
needed some time with Kane anyway so I'm
glad that I was able to get some
one-on-one time um Peter from bad
weather films just told me our sketch
wasn't supposed to go up till Wednesday
the scarf a sketch but he's putting it
up by the time you're seeing this it's
up so I'm gonna put the link in the top
of this video
I need my loyal army to go check you
guys are gonna really like this video I
think it's it's we had so much fun
making it you guys got to watch the
making of it and you were just here for
the whole thing so you definitely want
to check it out and show your love tell
me how I did actually help me I think we
all did great but uh I love you guys
that's all I got for you today I've got
so much to do
I've buried myself and I'll explain
later but I got a lot to do I love you
guys go check out that video for me I
love you I will see you tomorrow don't
forget to smile more you smile you're
beautiful you know it Cheers
it's going to be an interesting night
these are our tickets for the Music
Awards it's not always good to be a
prankster we had to actually write MTV
and
