what's up guys how are you how are you
oh yeah look at this let's how you start
your day actually this is the second
attempt the kids keep knocking it over
Dale haha just upload a brand new prank
right now I don't even think it's public
yet I just said it public well it's up
for you guys now thumbnail what's up
look how big this thing's getting oh I
guess if you watch it close enough the
whole thing's wobbling go wrong by it if
he sneezes it'll knock it down they
don't even get close huh
it's up in Old Boys today the girls went
out chopping broccoli like always this I
just want to be ready okay it's finished
it's complete how long did that take is
probably an hour right on our $1,000
that's 1,000 count for you 1022 all
right now are you gonna you're gonna tip
it show them what to do don't do that we
need getting it the whole crowd yeah
that's big it looks nice just knock a
little blowing on that go
Wow
it's like fireworks yeah they don't last
long the shirt is great I was amazing
all right I got to show you what I'm
really excited for right now every year
Dale and I get this like it's like
almost like a military raft super hard
it's like plastic and we paddle right
out into the waves hard as we can and
since I'm in here waiting for the vlog
to be up he's going out by himself like
a record real soldier nice all right so
today I got my wax for my board and a
GoPro Brittany is picking up my
surfboard mount right now so while I
wait I think I'm just gonna hand hold my
GoPro might have to just boogie board I
don't know if I can do it on a surfboard
you guys were gone all day just like I'm
gonna go get your stuff I stir for three
hours I've already I've already been out
in the ocean three hours and got my
stuff sweet right floating back door Oh
awesome this all I need for my surfboard
oh my gosh it looks so scary like I'm
just gonna lose it
oh I can sit that on it oh sweet all
right now you guys finally get
throughout with me now that I'm beat I'm
so tired my dad took my dad didn't take
the GoPro out but I don't think we got
anything
herbs are wild it's like a peacock
I like this let me see your peacock ma
it's strange you get miss gracious
all right guys it's round 2 day 2
barbecue I'm not one to brag but I make
a mean barbecue chicken everybody always
wants me to do it ok all right so I kind
of feel bad that have been out surfing
all day couldn't take you guys with me
Brittany did get me my stuff though I'm
going to try to make time tonight to go
out and do some surfing the funniest
part the funniest probably going to show
you this because you guys were gonna be
the ones that no I just posted this pic
I know a lot of you don't have Instagram
so I'm going to show you this pic um
it's a pretty great picture of me
surfing Mike okay so I captioned it
can't believe I took 3rd place in a surf
competition today that's total bullshit
my dad snapped this pic see what I meant
it was supposed to be a joke can't
believe I took third place today in a
surfing competition that's bullshit
strike that my dad snapped this pic but
everybody on Instagram thinks I actually
took place so maybe maybe I wrote it a
little bad that's fun I'm a prankster it
can be a prank it's a prank all right
we're getting close now boys whoo how
hungry does that make you makes me so
hungry I'm already hungry
about to cook you guys you want me to
cook you my figure was hot I was so dumb
that I got nasty grill all over my
camera oh it's done ha
but it's good you guys better be ready
are you ready are you ready all right
Brenda Kane are you ready I'm not gonna
lie I think we should just forget about
our other houses and just live like this
forever
what do you got what what is that hot
well if I can get anybody to sweet to
film for a while I have my I have my big
camera no problem would be do you see a
little orange child who I moved on I
left have a race Cain ate so much food
he is so hyper all right guys we're here
we're witnessing to live I don't know
what they're but they're just came out
of their nest
check them out are you guys looking for
the ocean I can lead the way come on
this one stuck this one stuck we need to
take him up here
yeah you see can hey it's a happy
birthday
hoarding are you recording
no not why would I record you okay so
you guys know I've been working on
juggling a little bit now I'm practicing
with four balls and now that you're
filming I probably won't even be able to
do it at all
oh yeah all eyes on me we can even see
him how you can do this that's good
here getting closer every time yeah
oh my god everyone's in bed again why
are we always the late we're always up
the latest what do this
these ones are clear kind of like glass
like ice it's like ice
I'm just sitting here dying dying to see
that change to 700 we're so close to 7
I'm actually by the time you see this we
probably will be a 700,000 smiling
soldiers awesome like what's Lady big
need up or somewheres we should do a 1
million meet up but we're still far from
that are we're thinking way ahead 1 a 1
million meetup that'd be sweet actually
but we still got a long ways to go so I
don't know let's see by the time you
guys see this are we at 700,000 yet and
there's a delay see as the channel owner
I get to see the actual number but you
guys it probably only refreshes every
few hours so you never know what it's
really at I'm all set up for tomorrow
for my surfboard can we get all these
mounts so I'm like really worried that
this is all that holds onto my surfboard
right there and they're just your own
it's gonna be fun I will take you guys
tomorrow ran out of time today it just
got dark so fast but tomorrow I'm taking
you out to the ocean
pretty much all bad rafts boogie boards
surfboards paddle boards it's gonna be
awesome
alright guys my name is vlog and get it
up tomorrow's vlog is gonna meet awesome
it's gonna rock till then don't forget
to smile tonight
it's not a baby whore might if it's
growing up oh my god
hi guys I love you don't forget to smile
more then another six minutes after you
flip it and then the other ones are
let's go acts like I don't have a cut
pops who is this
