but would you love me if I actually talk
like that you would lies like we are
super always late Oh
holy moly what is that cheese sweet
potato cheese I know anything else I
need from the store we right on this
list right here Mama's coming to get it
to go to the store I don't think it was
for me
no I already got you're here
watch it watch it watch it easy what's
up dude you're gonna go up to the store
real quick too because we've been
waiting a long time for these things to
come in and they came in hang on hang on
I got it I got it you gotta wait baby
please I got it
I gotta go Shawn what Brian's doing okay
I love you
oh we waited way too long to do this
Brian's out here working on this you
having any luck
I see you flash I see you so
unfortunately you know there's big
blocks under it holding it down a
fortunate we got to pull the trampoline
out for the winter and it's that's not
fun just hook it to the quad and yank it
it's Thai this baby on air will be good
to go don't pop this thing dude don't
pop it dude it's gonna rip the things
off oh my gosh
Oh that'll do it yeah that's it that's
it whoa oh my gosh it don't look good
okay on to the next thing do water
trampolines are so expensive effing
possums so set it you're wearing one
right now they're finally here
dad hats guys they have been a long way
too even for us it's been something
we've been working on for so long they
are finally here and these are the eggs
actual colors they voted on right it was
like it's like a blueish denim ish this
is like a dark gray slate kind of black
I don't know these these are dad hats
yeah dad hats ya know you don't like
that you're welcome to my kids no yeah
this is a really cute I like it yeah
take my kids to the soccer game I'll be
back you can't see this mom or if you
put your head up
okay cool yeah my rocket not today
so you don't want to match no we'd be
like oh like when we're old we can wear
the matching everything yeah maybe in 20
I'm matching Hawaiian smaller shirt
anyway guys that has to been you guys
have asked for dad hats forever just
like cell phone case we're finally
getting up to speed on a lot of this
stuff so they're available toplink other
description come get a look at them
showing that hats like look how long do
you think it's going to take wait you're
bagging each hat why are you guys
bagging every hat there are white super
white oh my gosh we still have all of
the other different colors but I
actually want some of these okay how
many you think we have there that's a
ton of toothbrushes we have all these
toothbrushes that we've had they're all
smile more toothbrushes we don't no
longer sell them so we're gonna give
them away to dad hat orders today while
supplies last
well no I mean there's a lot here that
means deep deep deep in the streets so a
little bonus today if you ordered that
hat today we're gonna throw in a
toothbrush and get rid of we have like
we would we wanna give them to you guys
we'd rather give them to you then we got
a rock we have to go yeah I'm ready so
guys if you want check it out these are
all our that hats right there but boom I
think Empire wants one Empire you wanna
do that
yeah dad
we are finally I know it doesn't seem
like it on the vlog but we've been
trying to get out it was 3 p.m. it is
now 3 p.m. we tried to get our house at
what we said we were leaving at 1:30
okay that doesn't sound that bad I
thought we were leaving early early well
I mean we can't do it we can't do it
we're taking Oh Clifford today on a long
drive but an hour away because we need
the bed of the truck to pick up a bunch
of office supplies we run a business so
we need weird stuff today office tables
chairs I'm gonna makeup table I'm a
different page all your little things
organized I need stuff for my office we
need stuff for small more so we're just
gonna go out make a little trip of it
pick up a bunch of crap and hopefully
get it back here and yeah oh you brought
me one cut up apples with peanut butter
your best no I mean you really are we're
going to place called IKEA which Brandi
and I have never been to ever
never been to an Ikea anywhere so they
got furniture and stuff so we're gonna
try this place out it's huge that's why
we about that big red truck you know
your company's big when you change the
highway signs on the highway
they literally akia on the highway signs
like the big green ones that are behind
okay well right off the bat this place
is huge
can't even find where we're supposed to
get like I'm just confused you see
something like me if like write it on a
paper then go downstairs and get it's so
strange like I'm so confused actually I
can't keep up Brit she's like running
through here but like oh okay so if I
wanted this painting right here I can't
just put it my shopping cart I can just
put it myself we don't even have a
shopping cart
you have to like write this number down
and then find it downstairs up so this
is so weird to me Brett to get home MTV
Cribs Brit Edition don't mind don't mind
all the price tags it's just yeah you
like even the tags ons fresh here's what
it reminds me it's like walking into
somebody else's house and there's price
tags on everything that's what it
reminds you because it's set up like
houses and offices but everything's for
sale you know what it's perfect for it's
perfect for people like us that don't
have like a vision for like decoration
so you can come in here I just want to
copy this wall right here
speaking of toothbrushes I don't think
I've ever and I was like I need to buy a
stuffed animal toothbrush
holy random three hours later we found
the warehouse we're lost almost to
overwhelming experience feel like I've
entered the twilight zone and I'm gonna
go outside to me it's totally different
universes I've seen sunlight for it
seems like days and now you got a hand
pick the things you found upstairs it's
like you got a hunt he said like ten and
twelve right look at these aisles okay
well we made it good job that was uh
interesting
interesting I think the online world is
winning because it's so convenient to
just order something and have it shipped
to your house like the whole design of
like you find something and then you got
to go in the warehouse and find it it's
confusing probably because it's our
first time there sure if you went there
four or five times oh yeah I'm gonna go
down grab it but it's just not used to
that and this right here is our
consequence for being late today this is
why we said we're late we don't have to
be anywhere at a certain time but if
you're not there at a certain time you
hit traffic so yeah it's up dude you
want party yeah I'm done hey baby boy
how's my man
fleshie fleshie howdy-do boy I got
somebody I just I just little breaded
and fried all this up for you guys some
fried chicken freshly made right don't
mind these packs of store-bought chicken
I X I don't think that's part of your
plan this take it just take it
act like flash described put it in your
mouth and run outside with it Hey Baby
Girl what you doing down here huh hi
chorus I just want to eat it
I just want you daddy
hi baby girl
I gotta learn to crawl you gotta crawl
and then we start walking and then we
start running and then we just take over
we took over the whole yard me and you
she gettin big she's getting bigger guys
every day she just changing she's
changing so how'd you do that how did
you do that uh what she's like wait a
minute you got some kind of superpowers
boy you got some kind of super
mmm are you loving on your papi when did
we get puppies you don't know when you
got a puppy oh my gosh so what is this
game called that we've been put what is
this what is it called
bro by the way your outfit looks awesome
just get past showers and no I had to
try on some new dress because he just
left one anyway it's for a computer
though so it's not that convenient it's
not is it for other things I don't know
I've never seen this my brother Dale is
like you got to get this game so we've
been planning it
we all hook up PlayStation controllers
though and it is just mayhem it's like
bad graphics it's like really simple but
it is so much fun it's this is the game
but everybody has their own character
and you all shoot different guns and
then you just have to beat levels it's
it's hilarious and all the characters
are based off real movie stars like it's
hilarious see like right now Noah is
Rambo yeah Sylvester Stallone but he's
an 8 but it's but in this game it's
rambro everything has brony ah that's
gonna do it for our blog today guys
thank you so much for hanging out with
us as always for sharing these videos
with friends and family and just being a
part of our everyday life being a part
of our family we love you guys so
friggin much you were so beautiful you
are so one-of-a-kind
don't forget what do you got to do well
oh god god
I'm loopy I'm loopy trippy I love you
guys
small one
you
