what's up guys good morning starting the
day off with delicious
hot food Dennis Roady Kevin bruit we're
gonna go make some killer pranks today
I'm pumped because it's been three weeks
since our last prank which means suave
in three weeks three weeks you're
slacking your slack oh I've been filming
they've just been failing so today
they're not gonna fail right today it's
a can't-miss prank we it's impossible to
screw this prank up in other words if
there's not a prank we saw that's it
okay we just got out to Santa Monica
Ocean Avenue wherever this is called
Ocean Avenue what the hell can we be
doing with trash cans dude and some
string it doesn't even really fall in
any prank category I've ever no but
that's what we do we give you things
you've never seen so basically right now
yo by the way thanks for the glasses no
pradhan have glasses Kevin hooked it
okay right now we are tying a lot of
fishing strings to these trash cans and
running them over to here for our prank
it must sound so confusing like
and we're going to tie them all to the
stick and how much would like give me a
little slack so I have a wrong that's
like yeah yeah that's right nice one
yeah this is by far one of the most
beautiful places to film so it turns out
our fishing string is a terrible idea we
need a thicker almost like a thin cable
thicker black audio she need a thick and
black we're pulling over like metal
trash cans and we need them to pull over
instantly and the fishing string we had
is too stretchy so we need like a thin
wire that's not too visible to the eye
black one long hard thick black horn
it's fine that's more than enough
it's just I'm just trying to find one
right now 130 pound fish for that one
yeah okay this would be more than 30
pounds I were stepping up our game we
got this thin wire and 30 pound test
fishing string should definitely be
enough that's good call man yeah they
add it rough okay round two we've got
these really thin wires connected to the
trash cans so that we can pull them all
down at once
it's amazing you can't even see her
wires from her apparently
so my good buddy Alex just showed up
with his uh his girlfriend and uh and uh
she just asked me what are the benefits
of subscribing to YouTube channels who
is this girl
this is Ashley okay I don't have to
subscribe to watch that video no you do
not
no you do not you're right exactly right
there's no point in subscribing I don't
I get a free free shirt or a free cap I
have nearly four million subscribers so
even had a dollar shirt that's as you
can see this four million dollars so are
you gonna follow dad I got I got it I
got I got kids to feed
that's like I got kids to feed Russians
bring up the beer so we're moving
locations as I'm now it's just not
working and we just can't make it work
no matter what
yeah can't figure it out wait yeah we
just get to our new location we're at
Venice Beach beautiful area lots of
sunshine and palm trees we are trying
this again at a different spot the last
spot the people aren't reacting the way
we want them to so here's four open know
what to do he didn't know what to do
what do you think is this gonna work
here I don't know watch to see this
breaks please can we can we do something
it's louder I could hit his honestly
surprised that this guy the gas station
hasn't run us out of here I know
honestly because that was loud he's been
staring at us setting up this trash
so uh so uh Here I am rock you like a
hurricane I'm standing here literally
waiting for somebody to come around this
turn so that Dennis can come by and do
his bit okay so she needed a trashcan
she asked like Winston I know she's like
do you have an extra chair in every
action was your reaction was so great
like so what did you think he had the
world's worst cold when he sneezed yeah
acta cooties she goes that's great
all right so we're just like filming uh
pranks here in the car you just showed
up in the car how did you know I can
smell that Fox praise a sullen heifer in
the car that would be Kevin all night
whatever I've heard it one time in the
car he said the worst coffin but like
just mummy and I can the first time the
wives have been up don't you introduce
your friend here is this Emily am i MLA
what am i right look at me Emily smiling
more dude Oh
I see you saw somebody both will get
something you know let's get somebody
fell down we had a little bit of a spill
I can't leave you broke that right you
gotta calm down man you're old now and
are you a mature I'm I'm oh man
to adjust you're not why are you laying
on the ground cuz you just kick me in
the nuts dude you never get that close
to me with a camera Sam pulled his
camera out and put it right in my face
and I just socked him I'm gonna figure
what to do now cuz we wrapped on the
prank it's done I'm excited we ban it we
need it late night oh look I've and over
you missed dude did you see well ahead
my oh I can't see it kind of so small
all right so we are uh let's go bowling
I want to go bowling come on you know I
go bowling let's go bowling ball and you
want to go bowling
I mean sure it's not gonna happen to get
away my chain toys oh oh we just got the
Sam's place and this is chance Jensen
Kingston Kingston lock Chin's fight how
old it how is he he's oh my god oh that
thing a lot look at his face right oh my
god turn towards the light like I'm down
in hell dude oh my God he's so little
oh yeah
will he do it why
no way dude that was awesome
give me a star dank dank
he doesn't give a crap
not filler
huh tight ball guard Dennis G I was so
loud but a levy that's what I kind of
ate kind of hot
I did that show me your summer I did
that where did it hit you trying to
shine it okay but let me get this light
on this gets light on look give it a
minute I'm gonna mock I did yeah it's
ready
fuck that oh it is so that's what mine
looks like
yeah can you see anything from review
yeah yeah it's lowerin oh I can't see it
it's getting worse oh I'm gonna go right
in the belly button cover your face
cover your face oh you got it the words
I gotta write between whoa-oh-aah one
fucking hard look at let's compare him
annoyed look at that oh he's gonna
believe you get that really close to it
what do you mean
by the window what's so bad yeah mine's
bleeding so I'll show you guys real
quick we have had enough it's like
midnight right now it's Friday the 13th
and we just Sam has just instantly
turned into what's your real name
all night Francis old man Francis -
that's the best mask ever yes don't fuck
with me doc no all right so we just got
out - what's this place Hollywood I
guess
Sam's dressed as the old man it's
absolutely ridiculous nobody got lucky
baby tonight so I need Jesus right
well Gramps can't get a hug Oh grandpa
got a hug
photo my grandma this shouldn't Amami I
can't even take it
I can't take it
right see you later then see Sam right
see Emily everyone bye bye Sam hey get a
good blows up
all right guys back what a day with what
a fun day I have to burp but I can't
because I got this milkshake from fat
burger it's like a banana
malee banana taste like you got Laffy
Taffy anyway I will have the prank up
Sunday morning hopefully if all goes
well I have to travel all day tomorrow
so it's going to make it really hard to
find time to edit this video other than
that that's all I got free today guys
thank you for coming along had a blast
and thanks for showing all your love and
like these videos you're incredible I
love you don't forget to smile more see
you tomorrow my dad buddy
no way yeah pop steve-o mother steve-o
beautiful hello hey great job on that
blog
