I'll be back buddy
I'll be back buddy ah good morning guys
just walking to meet my producer for the
movie at a quick restaurant gonna grab
some quick food and just start the day
kind of getting a late start putting up
the new prank and the vlogs blah blah
blah
ah here we are McDonald's psych imma eat
McDonald's for forever I can't remember
the last time actually we're eating at
Rocco's Rocco's Italian kitchen just
warped through a little bit of my day
and picked up Britney and little
Kanner's Kenny ACK hurricane candy cane
sugar cane that's you that's you uh yeah
just picked them up and we are headed
you're looking at a very tired version
of Roman Atwood I'm exhausted no energy
every time I put up a prank analogue it
just kills me just rains people not
complaining all good problems have got
to do our normal routine grab some food
before you never ever go grocery
shopping without eating first even if
it's just something to eat something
Brittany loves Jersey Mike's and I
already ate so well that's a blue chip
yeah yeah stuff this hardware store and
got a grocery getter that's right
tired of carrying groceries upstairs
no more this is gonna do the trick yeah
I got us a grocery getter yes we'd have
to make five trips that's what I called
it I named it should come out with
grocery jitters
it's what it's like trying to grocery
shop in LA every spots full on the
parking lots full it's like waiting for
a concert it's terrible it's terrible
all right let's go fight this fight I
feel like we need weapons and spears and
shields to come into these stores really
is it just me
it's my Ohio it's my Ohio boy and me or
is it Homer
oh pretty all right no more crybaby
poopy pants time to get some shopping
done
are you going
see dude water like out of the toilet ha
ha ha I said seeing dog food really
makes me miss Zeus no he's not fun
though he's around else with another dog
I know he's got it he's got a he's got a
friend now he's got Bo so they're
playing they're having a good time but
this definitely makes me miss Zeus see
if we can find a Zeus on any of these
packages you ever just look at cat
litter and think that cats are just
gonna poop all over inside they're never
just look at toilet paper and just know
that people are just gonna poop all over
it like this rola tooth this roll toilet
paper is gonna have poop on it it's
crazy this is a great spot for up for a
pole you know that wasn't so bad
okay I just had a group of vlog camera
what did you do
I just want to shut it and the whole
door came off Oh Fred's doors on I don't
have never ever done this I've no idea
for free good well guess it just slips
right on here wait let me turn up the
eggs
seriously oh my gosh how'd he get that
in there there this is got bad news
written all over it
he just ducked a door shut
oh no no that have been already already
burned I didn't even touch it
here just sit on there I don't feel good
feels like it's just gonna fall off
again mine handyman yeah it's real
grease that's that's real grease on my
hands it's not I don't know if ever seen
me every Sunday so we're better coal I'm
really not doing much of anything I've
been trying to practice my juggling I
try to do like 10 minutes once a week
the cane every time I I touch these
he'll jump at me oh yeah Oh
okay we're making some popcorn for a
competition who can do it best I can't
get away all right no you have some
secret on one popcorns done yeah they
have a power button but you sit and
listen to the Pops you can you hear top
and then you can count one two in
between pops it's done take it out soon
as you hear really what's it yeah let's
just see how it works
are you listening so thank you there
won't be any burnt pieces or in barely
any kernels oh so I feel right there
yeah that's a lot okay so we got three
plates with popcorn we're all you're
gonna have a little competition here
yeah yeah you ready
yeah you got your muscles out okay let's
go oh I've already worked out today so
uh-huh okay the goal is you have to do
push-ups you have to see how many pieces
of popcorn you can get with your tongue
so if I go down and go what like two or
three that counts yeah I get to go down
once but you can get as many on your
tongue as you can
hey you're countin I'm gonna try okay
ready yeah what is it to you - oh you
can do better than that
Wow you make it look easy I think he
already beat me I fell yeah okay your
turn you gonna do a push-up yeah do
push-ups
look at mommy go oh you're eating your
hair I think there's actually rules to
that game but we just did it for fun hmm
that's silly I being silly see
all right guys for those of you that
made it to the end of this vlog and it
was kind of a laid-back day hung out
with the Brynn and Kane and we just we
just did our thing and I brought you
along not always exciting but this is
this is my life welcome to it I uh I got
a little surprise for you if you made it
to the end of this vlog I have another
vlog camera that I'm gonna give away and
yesterday's vlog it gave away a vlog
camera and today I'm going to give away
another and I showed you yesterday how
that's going to happen the most active
user on this channel is getting the vlog
camera and I'm gonna give it away in one
week I love you guys I will see you
tomorrow
don't forget as always to smile more no
matter what through thick and thin keep
the smile on your face it's beautiful
and you look awesome when you do it I
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
smile more we are walking towards the
rooftop pool to shoot some scenes got
our scripts we're all in character and
we do not have permission to be here so
we're running a gun
