look at those trees
I love these trees what's up guys good
morning to you off to the office get
some work done and then filming pranks
for steve-o today I'm pumped
alright so steve-o has been like asking
me for a couple weeks now if we can
shoot a pee prank with a twist that he
came up with so here I am getting a case
doing the classic pee prank
alright I just got here with what's your
name ha dude don't even worry about it
doc it's fuck Oh Diana yeah yeah water
for the homeless people today yes Sam
McAvoy hey hey hey what was your name my
name is Scott Randolph Scott right now
we're about to go pull the classic and
cleverly new design steve-o bit like
season I've been begging Roman to let me
Jack his pee prank or so on and all I
want is just fuckin to be in my Kim suit
fucking being that when I go in the
shower I also want the opportunity to
think Roman soldiers for launching my
fucking YouTube channel in epic fashion
it's the kill hope you guys have been
staying tuned and I fuckin mark my words
there's some heavy-duty shit on the way
this place is packed as usual always
busy man I'm not trying to write
we're here setting up camera one camera
two twos over there it's filming myself
think everyone's getting nervous now
what's up my nervous
Oh hold on just in case anybody like
wants to know what it's like the film
was steve-o I just want to give you a
quick taste but it's like we showed up
tractor like there's never been a normal
day like this guy really lives up to
what you know see what happen what
happens the look
I keep it on the camera he recorded in
the support
yes they are because camera there on the
back see what we know is for suppose
favors
go
they were honored there they were all
because one jar that's why man I saw you
walk away had he been pissing on me
these guys would have saved the day
right here they were to save the day
they don't fuck around this anger put
your mask on haha can't do picture thank
you video thanks so much
Paulina thanks so much I love you guys
dude
alright mask on let's run bro let's go
let's go yeah I can't he was hitting it
he was getting the scar I did one last
he was like fool in the car yeah I just
kept filming just in case and you y'all
he's nailed in here I don't know what
this audio is doing it was not coming
through here this guy came actually no
hang on did he or did he not chicken out
from being here I can't see anything
possible tonight but I wanted a hot dog
I said I was gonna get a hot dog dog
Bobby Lee everybody dude hey why are you
pranking with I'm gonna print right now
man let's do your Regan thank you
would it be it would it be Bobby Lee
without no clothes I know but dude it's
like I'm scared that's all I don't do
what Steve does we haven't our boys is
what boys run we were we were telling
her that's why I came today I'm trying
to learn for you guys we were coming out
to film Bobby's like my stomach's sick
he's like I'm gonna go eat I'm here Nova
you guys want to get me go with you
what do you ha so we we got a fantastic
reaction cops came they chose her okay I
think Cena plowed in me okay about
taking my head out they didn't give a
shit about me
like they just full went in and I know I
had a great reaction when they put your
mask up and the guys seized in Tammany's
like did you see don't let it go did you
see a one cut with it
oh yeah he goes boot right up high boy
oh yeah I guess like everybody see you
ready to do this yeah I want to get
arrested I can help you with that
once you guys started I just wait on the
cops just in case you guys wanted to
know what it's like to film with Bobby
Lee this is pretty much it and Bobby
Murray when is that Jackie Chan or Bobby
Lee ah that Kris mugger that Jackie Chan
just case you want to know what it's
like to film with Chris Tucker REO mega
pick a breaker for her and Chris all
right so we just wrapped up on our pee
prank you good good job Sam kissing that
was awesome guys killed it with the
cameras we we had the cops incidents and
like where's the cameras they were they
surround ah we got I have my work cut
out for you do a lot of editing tonight
I bet you're watching it all right now
yeah by the time you're seeing this vlog
that means great better be up I posted a
picture on Instagram of me wearing this
shirt this steve-o gave me for the prank
today it's like heavy metal heaven I
know but I got I got all this shit
because you know whatever I don't really
care about I wanted to point out that
it's Steve a shirt and I was getting
soaked with water so he gave it to me so
for all the crybaby poopy pants out
there relax relax
Hey Baby hey baby
all right so we are uh crushing this up
video out we've been working on it for I
don't know few hours leave them what are
you looking at music now yeah just
trying to figure out how to get this
baby up by the time you guys are
watching this and I think we're close
really close actually all right man
well if I can I hope that this gosh-dang
Garn fucking thing's ready no it will be
ready come on bro gotta be ready all
right bye dude I had a blast I will see
you soon I am soon in the later sweet
peace head home headed home what a good
positive fun productive day alright just
got back and I am ready to rock this
vlog guys thank you for subscribing to
this channel I know what I've realized
is that I never would have thought that
it was going the way it was going but we
are going to a million subscribers on
this channel and it's absolutely insane
to me
so uh thank you from the bottom of my
heart for subscribing and joining me on
this journey I think it's gonna be
really cool to take you along on the
movie that I'm making um you're gonna
see some some great things on that so uh
that's gonna be great
I'm excited I just realized I haven't
played this PlayStation one time since
I've been here all I wanted to do is
play some battlefield but every time I
get home it's like it's 2:00 in the
morning right now so there's no time
it's just little time for play it's work
and then play it's always worth alright
guys I'm going to smash the shower get
all cleaned up get rested up edit this
vlog for you guys start fresh tomorrow
and what do I got tomorrow I'm sure I
got something up my sleeve
but um I will see you guys then for now
do me a favor go to steve-o's youtube
channel I'll put it in the top of this
description our brand new video it
should be up right now and just go show
the Roman soldier power like steve-o
said in this vlog you guys launched his
channel I don't know if you guys
remember that but you guys dominated and
destroyed it so uh give it give it
another gust up views and likes and uh
just show your love and that's it it's
all I got for you guys I will see you
tomorrow and don't forget how awesome
you are you're incredible you're one of
a kind you're the only one is you ha
that's pretty impressive I love it love
you guys see you tomorrow don't forget
to smile more
you
