good morning to you another beautiful
sunny palm tree day in Los Angeles today
it's office day guys I'm sorry
I gotta be at the office directing a
movie had to get my hot bagel with cream
cheese I've been on a bagel kick and too
much bread it's so good the cream cheese
this is production right here very
productive is that my initials yeah in
soy sauce
yep thanks bro oh no Barry found an
entire bag of soy sauce today in the
kitchen and he's like a little kid in
here leave this guy give you a tattoo my
nice which I give you your first tattoo
why no my first Enzo come on it's gonna
be cute no you don't you don't touch you
come on come on no just one little
tattoo I'll draw it on you right here oh
oh you're gonna look like a badass with
this tattoo bro I just wanna hang on
John hang on this is serious stuff oh my
god your tattoo says sexy bra yeah what
are you doing
clothes good is that what is that Burger
bro you'll get it for real give you
$10,000 right now yeah tattoo that on
your arm right now all right you know
the tally and I are trying to buy a van
for filming we're gonna go in half seas
and we're gonna have a fridge with food
and drinks he's gonna eat and drink
everything every time I get in there
there'll be nothing thanks how do we how
do we monitor that the water you water
look at it so long to change it because
I need a new camera this one you see all
the spots now
yeah your glory
Johnny Hollywood getting railed by
vitaliy ready think you're making love
doing here is that you wrestle case
anybody want to know how you make movies
this is it this is us this is our day
straight out straight out straight out
please don't talk bro you're all tough
yeah yeah yeah on your elbows on your
elbows just lean forward lean forward
things now throw your legs up I'm gonna
do those first lead I mean your bottom
was oh come on you can do it yeah yeah
lean on your elbows my elbows broken
I've metal in my elbow hey let him hear
it let him hear about you touch it well
touch it right here wait let me do okay
here here shh oh oh dude I didn't know
that
skateboarding everyone's like you bugged
your calls so much with the writers cuz
of that I didn't even know you had that
he's so you've been here all day the
sun's going down the sun's going down
finally outside I've been in that office
all day from dusk till dawn baby it's
almost that time waiting on my uber to
come pick me up
now I'm trying to go out get a new
camera cuz this thing is shot man look
at that look at glare in the middle oh
it's so painful whoa big elevator okay
selfie
that's gonna be a good one CeCe
think if they give you 20 your eyes yeah
all right guys no excuses for blurry
cameras now it's blurry showing a new
camera what do they got yeah candy
bracelets that that dad Wow are you
holding on to Daddy just stopped to get
me some new underwear here think that I
want game kicked out these oh man I want
those so Kayne zone was potty-trained
now so he's been wearing a lot of
underwear and at least they come in a
lot in the past yes
Caine is just walking entertainment he
just entertains me everything he does
Kayne what you got you don't look tough
walking around with underwear boy all
right we got everything we need
underwear and a camera and now we need
to eat eat we haven't eaten all day I
had a salad of it that's it the whole
day and two eggs
I had I actually ate lunch but no food
blog no food blog anybody wants to know
why I still suck at juggling because
that's really hard to practice hey hey
little dude got it
are you snorting like a pig
here we go throw him came come here
right here okay
take it one shot one chance good guy two
times
pain pain turn the lights oh that's it
yeah whoo yeah whoa whoa all right let's
check this guy out
I got a difference I always buy the same
camera every time the 330 HS but it
keeps breaking and I bet they change the
battery on this systems probably bunch
200 it's pretty huh pretty music I like
it I hope it works good it's a little
big huh anybody wants to know this is
the S 110 I will let you know how it is
they change they come change hi hi play
with me sit on me you're getting too big
you're getting too big
say bye let's go Danny close your eyes
hi guys I'm calling it a day it's time
to get some shut-eye
this child and I got a new camera
tomorrow I'm so pumped to use it have a
fun day I'm filming with Vitaly all day
for a new prank and I'm sorry guys I'm
sorry I got a little it's literally a
monster like a little monster living
with us okay thanks for smiling with us
we love you we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget mama what do you like hanging out
about because awesome isn't my awesome
life oh my god Britney session another
guy
