did any Batman you want to race yeah all
right it's me and Noah verse Cain here
we go Hey so this is gonna sound totally
ridiculous but I don't have any air
compressor all I have is a bike pump and
I got this little pool for the kids for
a little campfire tonight for a bonfire
I have no way to pump it up so we're
gonna attempt to use our little fart gun
the thing we designed to uh shoot poo at
people still got put in on it oh that
didn't work you guys you guys see these
tears you guys see these tears oh this
is what happens when I change a diaper
whoa welcome to my life so the reason I
was changing diapers and Britney wasn't
that's cuz she was actually getting
supplies for tonight she eat you a
little piece work one that's good ice
drinks wood we got everything for a fire
now even broken sunglasses these are
huge yes we pick those out that's
organic there call and he made me get
two bags up well we definitely need two
when I was a kid my favorite thing was
dude to get these big ones on fire and
then just fling them into the woods like
it'd be like um Braveheart
all right dude Britney's mom save the
day
now we can blow up this little pool Oh
our 3 min our 30 minutes let's see oh
it's gonna be nice feel good are you
crying boy get out here yeah yeah ah
nobody cries it uncle Roman divert whew
there we go the cold that was a long run
dude we got such a sick skate park here
dude I don't even know if I can do
anything else today you can be Rona my
light gap man you see that
I mean honestly we're gonna shove it
like a ninja man yo down okay fingers on
there though but all right guys here it
is the GoPro giveaway is drumroll I kind
of messed up you can't really scroll
through these orders that well on camera
because the way this is set up it shows
everyone's addresses blah blah I can't
just blur my whole screen so the
giveaway winner is and I want to let you
know that uh hey we just eating a banana
and I want to let you know that the next
giveaway is for everybody this one is
really just for summer I wanted to give
back to somebody that ordered small more
gears so the winner is I hope there's
not two people with the same name
hi it's Kevin juban or ubin it's the J
silent Kevin
Schumann from Woodlands Texas it's you
buddy you're the winner you on the GoPro
that's awesome that's so cool um I have
all your information so you don't have
to do anything and as always guys no
hate no hey it's all love it's all good
I'm doing these contests for you guys I
can't give you all something every time
so uh Kevin it's yours
so everybody show Kevin some love he uh
he got lucky it's all luck it's luck of
the draw
and uh I think it's pretty fun to do
phantom fireworks I'm you know with
cigarette smoke weed no lighters no
flame a whole country we're pulling up
to a place called phantom fireworks this
place has fireworks actually that's this
what they carry my opinion you nice and
sparkly makes us burgers they got the
whole package so we're looking for some
like grand finale type stuff these it
these are these are definitely huge dude
so where's like where's the stuff in the
back man where's like the stuff you
don't put out on the shelves you know
I'm saying the illegal stuff I can do
all this legal stuff on my own
look at this guy oh we're ready now look
at this we go over the cake buffet a
fireworks how are we need ice for the
cooler how do you like sitting in the
baby seat I didn't even know it I just
figured all the viewers are gonna be
like why I always know at 3 minutes and
50 seconds sitting and I don't know what
timeframe but put you dude all right
let's get this party started
so Greg Lee this mmm boiling broth right
now y'all hey regular in town right on -
hey guys come on come on how's the
burgers okay how's the burger gasps
coffee have any more of it so good Haga
engages you killing her obviously a
fantastic
yes my dad brought over a truck full of
pallets for a nice bonfire and we're
just all hanging up hanging out time got
through this would hit it just how did I
didn't mean to laugh but studio Atlas to
walk away just walk away you ever hurt
my Freddie game
romain it easy look at this over here
wow I've never seen a bunch of coal just
water
hey kid Ian white nothing we're good to
go hey I'm not good to go yeah here's
his smoking go home bro where's the job
ha ha ha that's awesome
the black smoke coming in the yellow I
do believe in fairy tale my last evening
here for a while actually a long while
uh and you know it's cool today I
realized when I started these vlogs they
were really just about family and
friends and I think we've kind of lost
that a little bit so I really want to
bring that back let's go enjoy this fire
and I'm ready my final act no one can
see you it's totally dark
whoa okay we're going behind the back
that is hey alright guys I don't I don't
know if you can see me or not but I got
some big fireworks and I'm about to
light them let's do it
ladies guys they're huge
it goes number two Wow
dude that was sick dude that just looks
so Purdy daddy come on my way to the
truck they're trying to figure out who
can get closest to the fire you got it
LLL fire here
so last night for a while guys what's up
Colin so I got to go to LA tomorrow at 4
o'clock yeah I know we still got
tomorrow during the day hmm what do you
think this fire dude
that's our that's the old desk I took
out of my my office well the house is
trashed everyone's gone was a fun much
needed exactly what I needed kind of
night before I leave out of town to LA
that was pretty pie fart it I went hi
guys thanks a lot we will see you
tomorrow you're coming with me to that
tip it to to head to LA and you guys
know how LA is who knows what's gonna
happen I love you till tomorrow smile
more
so Britney and I just ran out to fun
we're having a bonfire tomorrow for our
friends and just hang out and you guys
like my busted up oh please leave this
these are the ones I broke in Miami
