what up guys good morning to you say
what's going on wrong jars
this is this you got the longest hair
you're it is itches we are starting our
prank day pranking dirty today in
Englewood what what are you flipping us
up for no reason
me nah come on we're trying to get
another zone we're trying to get in come
on get out of here get down here no you
being a big baby we're at a weird store
trying to find some props for our prank
today this is good but we need a longer
one much longer what can we be doing
with gas cans and tire irons I'd even
make a prank out of there's a lightning
how do you even make a prank out of
these items I don't know okay so this is
the only tire on they have I believe it
it won't go about to you by the cans
when you shooting pranks out of a
vehicle you always want to make sure get
the windows nice and clean
oh yeah a lot of people ask how we film
usually if the scenario is right
we'll shoot out of an SUV with black
windows and they won't even be able to
see they never see the camera one of the
best sports in Inglewood really you were
awesome I tried when you saw them
stealing your wheels man all the
bullshit going on 2014 I know what the
thing nothing wait poor guy comes out
and we're stealing his wheels off his
car dude a car shot though all right
thanks brother this being a good sport
that's nothing more challenging and
trying to get two videos in one day it's
hard enough to even get one video gonna
make it I know we're pushing it but it's
still nice and really we've got a nice
early start today got plenty o - the Sun
is out because we're in Cali
you know pilot be like thank God we got
a sunny day come on bring it in bring it
in come on come on oh my god you will
just have it what just a video straight
guys just think do you think we really
slow your tires yeah totally that force
I got thought only that or Ashton
Kutcher that some punk stuff well you
know that look I take II getting for
free tires will help yes definitely get
scarred injury yeah yeah
I do you you do me I love it kind of
want you going stop being scared dude
it's my water girl in the desert
you got a concern did you get that hair
out of your nose yes you know you know
if I was in the desert with Roman Atwood
I feel like oh fuck you yeah yeah
he may be stealing all the water would
it's like you'd like wash your hands in
the dirt so after every time they use
this tire cause this thing's super dirty
oh but why happen why don't we clean our
hands after we put in the car
oh yeah why don't you guys put in the
car first I'm putting in the car now I'm
vlogging you're the PA bro I'm the I'm
what I'm not the PA I need a flip this
is what happens when we prank out here
in busy areas we get recognized by
people we prank him yeah yeah but he
knew who we were that was so great we're
trying to jack his turn he's like you're
the one from you two almost ed of no
ramport I'm busted busted been in it
what happened to the UH
what happened to the diet it is does
this is this is are those dieter that
pork and there's a and there's
vegetables honor prices we are stopping
to eat we're killing it today but when
we get hungry we just order tons this is
just appetizers
easy bro easy chill chill I want one of
those
you're like a chip like you're like a
chipmunk with you you just got like boom
your cheeks no oh no no I'm ready for
sleep totally to sleep no no one in a
food coma no dessert no no dessert wait
you know he's full when he says no we
just left TGIF Fridays and uh there was
a chick sitting in the booth across from
us and vitally vitally had a boner
actually I would see it was a turgid
boner
it was very what it was turgid it was
mild but it's been held the long story
short he stood up and stretched and you
could see the whole thing and the girl
beside us looked over twice so I'm here
in act 3 back wait here
he's my Hannah for you she was like like
that so so we're trying to get him to go
in there give give him give her you're
not wrong give her your number not your
like this pen write down whatever write
down your social music like huh yeah why
are you so nervous you're out doing if
she said no not over the field in front
of 150,000 kidding maybe sure I get her
number the girls know I should get her
number
I'm gonna go we go we're going back in
because it's to shoot your daddy you
keep saying insider should we should
like you do this oh no I I look like
such a creep filming in here hey what's
up ah so yeah we do this whole stuff but
it's too windy I everyone here did pick
up girls in the wild row already that's
one thing they want me to come back
hey what's up I saw you you look perfect
for my videos and just wanted to give
you this and if you don't want it
there's plenty of fish in the sea
yeah yeah that'll work that'll work
let's do it
come on oh wait wait wait you got this
Tally's just going to try to get from
forget about your contacts
just give her a number number yeah yes
because she's not gonna call so have the
phone already ready yeah yeah do it
Bob's do it come on
babe right that day yeah it was so easy
sure does it even have to say I'm not
look sure nothing even say anything you
were like hi my name is shir I'll give
you my number that's basically what I do
alright it's time to go shoot the intros
and I know you guys like seeing us fail
so here you go hey guys today we're
giving out gift cards for brand new car
tires but first they gotta earn it
alright one more
zelich yeah hey ready yeah hey guys
today we're giving away brand-new hang
on one more should do it 20 times get
them pumped oh that is a good ideas
ready go hey guys alright hey guys today
I'm giving away gift cards for brand new
tires but first they're gonna have to
earn it
okay one more let's watch you don't want
to see it yeah energy cameras rolling
and action hey guys today I'm giving
away brand-new hang on hang on Han
Walter J hey guys today I'm giving away
gift cards for brand new car tires but
they're gonna have to earn it
let's go to let's go holding you last
time though yeah you can see it's sunny
and shiny on your buy hose good Eddy
cameras rolling and action hey guys
today we're giving away gift cards for
brand new car tires but they're gonna
have to earn it first come on muscle man
anybody you got to see the prank to see
it but this is the aftermath of it oh my
god it's one of these days he was an
awesome cop like he was he little being
awesome to do yeah he was awesome but he
posted words oh yeah you know it was I
think like once he I don't want to give
anything away like once you like turn
around and saw like see and then you
guys would and then I came out I was
like hey yeah you know once he knows
he's on YouTube and then kind of turned
around at me and was like who are you
hurry oh you're right that's right it's
a camera not a gun don't you beep order
in time because he knows to getting film
yeah as soon as these on film cops are
always cool when they never on camera
usually but now he would do he ended up
he ended up being you know be an awesome
awesome cop did you miss me yep look our
hair matches look it's identical
hey tell me mister me home day gimme
huggy oh because mm oh that's the best
hug ever yeah oh how I love you anymore
hey I wish I could say that I was
calling it a night but I'm only halfway
through my day Vitaly and I are going
out to film a whole nother prank tonight
to Biddy I told you guys to videos one
day and then we're gonna try to edit all
night and have them uploaded tomorrow
well by the time you see this they both
better be up all right guys welcome to
our second shoot of the day I just had
to run into the stores and buy a couple
hoodies for Vitaly and I to rock this
night to prank so one day is so hard to
do we're gonna be up all night boob look
here we go we haven't eaten for like
nine minutes chocolate shakes get the
energy flow what's this place called by
the way hello / hello burger Oh mellow
burger hello burger they look like they
got just about everything
killer hotdog horndog
it's now it's now after midnight
we're struggling to get the second video
done we're eating hotdogs and chocolate
milkshakes and
I only know it's sad are you getting
worried
haha bro what's up guys just got back
home my frickin battery died I came back
home it's late and I charged it up for a
minute so hopefully I can end this vlog
hopefully by now the new prank is up I
don't think we finished our second video
we got a lot of great reactions but I
don't know if it's done so if you see it
up awesome if not I'm sorry we tried
really hard we we killed it today but it
got so late we're just falling apart and
we don't half-ass anything so that being
said I love you guys if the new prank is
up go destroy it for us please hit that
like button show your love
the soldiers are amazing dude we bragged
about you guys today how amazing you are
we love you we will see you tomorrow
until then don't forget can you tell how
tired I am
smile I keep smiling no matter what guys
fight through it look at your tire
