what's up guys I'm starting my day at
the chiropractor ever since I turned 30
man my back's just been shot I'm getting
old I'm falling apart
are they closed we're gonna we brought
morning some treats
did you miss Jackson here no are you
good - he's like thank goodness alright
so that was good
I always feels good leaving there oh my
gosh I feel like jello he cracked me in
half
anyways headed home - I've got a plumber
at the house there's a leak
I've got Todd's working on the aquarium
today I had somebody come out and quote
um working on my driveway I've got oh my
gosh busy busy I leave for LA Sunday to
work on
last-minute details for the movie things
are crazy right now crazy all good
problems all good problems not
complaining at all I love it
but I just need to feel better yesterday
I was deaf man when I ended my vlog last
night it was in so much pain I didn't
even want to pick up my camera so thanks
for sticking around for today it's
everything this guy touches breaks dude
what's going on you know what's going on
make it work
go hit your button up on your feed
button look it's gonna be right over the
hole oh I love what it feeds over the
hole how does how does Happ they're so
hungry my fish you do this what is it
yeah that's not supposed to be like that
should show my viewers your work listen
come on man you did that this is what
happens when you're cutting drywall and
you can't have drywall fall into the
fish tank
you have took this sweeper up and suck
it out all right all right
so we officially maybe got this mobile
feeder so I can feed my fish from
anywhere in the world so all I have to
do is hit the a you know if this doesn't
work right now it's on you here we go
here we go I'm going to press it
I don't believe this I believe hey I
came here I got nothing dude it works
give it a second oh I guess it's coming
to life that's a lot of food man type it
all thumbs and we're screwed my cat -
what was it so little
even going on all right
you got lucky man I'm gonna tell you
what yeah Cornish if I reckon I just
leave everybody walks away from me
it's already been around said you can't
wreck it like a lie-in
look at this sign up for my man they get
squished in the truck with these I got
no juice oh it's dead that's probably
why the thing's shaking hang on I got
another battery
this thing is so confusing it is a
little windy it's like a helicopter look
it's so light blowing away Mike you
can't I can't do anything with it you
can't fly a regular plane like that
nice hahahaha
I just catch pterodactyls for a living
first I had to jump in the car and go
pick up Noah for the weekend and uh did
that plane is so sick you guys ever seen
I guess it's called a 3d plane and it's
incredible the way it flies like I've
never seen a plane fly I don't even know
if the camera really showed how it flies
but it's so cool it's just different
I've never seen it yes I'm going to get
Noah now and then I'm gonna try to eat I
still have only eaten about half of a
turkey sub from Subway in the last 72
hours so I'm getting to where I'm
lightheaded and really like almost numb
like I feel awful
so I really need to try to eat I'm
scared to eat because every time I even
think about food I have to run to the
bathroom so uh yeah that's that's what
I'm doing we're out of milk
need milk and babies we need milk for
the babies gotta start to get milk
no baby strawberry it up
oh you're just asking for it yeah I'm
gonna get something
- all right know what's the best thing
to drink when you have diarrhea water
that's what I thought too
apparently from my vlog yesterday
everybody said you do not drink water
but I ever get god this walk is so gross
so I've got a big surprise for Noah and
he thinks he might know what it is what
do you think I do
did you don't even look the same I love
it you look awesome
all right so what do you think the
surprise is the water if I can spend the
night for two days to a waterpark to
spend the night night one I mean
indoor water
oh man that sounds so fun doesn't it but
that is not the surprise
are you ready the viewers don't even
know they don't even know what it is
okay you ready for this you guys ready
all right so Sunday I have to fly to LA
for one week
but the day I get back from LA we're
going to the beach to the beach with and
the Carolinas where we always go we're
going with my mom and dad we're going
with my mom and dad and my brother and
his wife so all the kids and we're all
getting one big house together and we're
spending time at the beach because after
that week I'm starting the movie and I'm
daddy's gonna be gone so we're all gonna
go hang out together as a family and of
course you guys are coming too they
thought they woke up they thought they
weren't coming tell them tell them
they're coming they're coming
yeah yeah you can't not hum weird why
are you eating ha ha ha Kane's not
sharin did you get the whole thing yeah
oh my god kid don't want to go to the I
totally come in here be like I don't
want to go to the beach you know one day
I've been vlogging now for like 200 and
some vlogs and I gotta tell you one
thing I've learned about vlogging and
maybe some of you vlog maybe some of you
do YouTube is what I've learned is no
matter what you say like once you once
you get a big enough audience no matter
what you say in every single video will
offend somebody which leads me to this
the fastest way to fail is to try to
please everybody I didn't come up with
that quote but it's a quote I stand by
and I absolutely love it because no
matter what you say I mean if you try to
make everyone happy you're gonna fail I
love it I think it's great man I just do
what I do and uh that's all I can that's
all I can do on me I am me just like you
are you be you we're trying to be like
somebody else just be you and have fun
be happy smile
all right I can't sit still long I gotta
do uh do some photos so dude ah you're
catching on to my evil ways can't even
scare the kids anymore well we're trying
to play some battlefield oh there's an
update yeah why I guess Xbox for some
odd reason thought they'd turn a profit
this week ah make us download some stuff
he says why as a matter of fact that's a
good question so as always about once a
week or so lately we've been doing a lot
of photos for new products and things
like that and we got a couple cool
really cool a couple cool really cool
whatever I'm trying to say whoa I hope I
didn't just show it in that shot not in
uh they're kind of like little uh new
surprise products if you guys want to
see them go check them out if you don't
oh it's up to you the part where chase
and I start arguing over the photos what
looks right what doesn't look right
should we keep it should we ditch it I
don't know man
I can't show it I can't don't Joe it
can't not super super secret super
secret we are eating popsicles and
playing video games like you know like
grown-ups do Battlefield is what we're
playing Battlefield on his xbox and I
don't know dude I think the first game I
played was more fun than I've had on
Call of Duty in a while I still suck I
still got like one kill in six death the
only major flaw I see with this game is
it's one person at a time online or call
of duty well at least on the PlayStation
it's - is it is it two people on Xbox
yeah so it's just this game
week we want to both play oh what it is
there's a lot to it
this versus you probably just got killed
by a nine-year-old yeah ten tops like
guys on bat whole gettin Zeus for one
Zeus hey sit down
what you do with your other Bowl what
you do to other ball alright guys I know
what this means when I usually say all
right guys that means I'm ending the
vlog leave my dog no hunger he is like
where have you been
alright guys I love you it's like almost
1:00 in the morning my house is in here
alright guys I got a quick question for
you we've played some Call of Duty or
battlefield tonight it was so fun it was
like I still saw it I suck at it but the
comment today is battlefield or Call of
Duty I want to know what's what's the
best you guys tell me Call of Duty or
battlefield right now I'm in between I
don't know I don't know have a plate
either one enough I love you guys I will
see you tomorrow thanks for hanging out
and sorry about the five minute vlog
yesterday I was so sick
like I didn't want to get into it I love
you guys will see them all smile more
hey the horn off him
yeah
