so we are starting our day off with
cookies of caramel
lots of Khaleesi that thing that's a
block of caramel it's a turd it's
caramel turd caramel turd I got at the
flea market rub on it so that's a soul
but for you know I think that's okay
we're going way to do the caramel apple
trick today the Mickey's gonna look like
caramel apples but really it's onions
caramel onions dude these are great they
look just like apples no that's perfect
this little perfect damn you just going
to get through the stovetop mmm gooey
delicious Karm ready and chop off both
sides try not to lose the roundness
should we peel all this off yeah I would
yeah
that's good now now we're going to take
we're almost done here we're almost done
boom and do the last one that's a big
one - no it's the biggest oh yeah
alright so for the vlog tom is gonna try
our caramel onion really just big bite
you know that girly stuff
Oh mmm mmm it looks like an apple dude
no can't see the layers there is Oh
is it nasty and the caramel good oh yeah
yeah I know farts nonsense how do you
think people on the streets all react
there's a latency - when you bite into
it you're in caramel then like what the
hell
look at that let me show that
yeah my bad so we are pulling up to a
location right now called the west side
West in the West End West Side boy
Weston West in Louisville and this is
more of the hood area we're gonna get
the hood area out of the way I'm gonna
mix it up
hood area white area kid area and I'm
taking the Amish town too and senior
citizen to senior citizen idea
don't forget the I got enough see how
people react to caramel onions all
different types of people's caramel
where's the China Chinatown Chinatown
that is in this in Japan actually so
already down to two apples I've got one
guy throw the Apple and I think the
other ones we're just gonna eat it yeah
he's so high man he didn't know well go
he's like man that's good that's good
honey move who's that I've had these
before all right well I just got cussed
out full-blown cussed out by a gentleman
who gives kids apples that are onions
who does it Tommy yeah yeah yeah you all
you all see me in this video doing kids
onions but you'll see Tom probably doing
it good what kind of person does that we
just stop back at Tom's office um to
regroup and okay I'm just gonna be
honest I've had diarrhea all day it's
the worst film condition man when you
just gotta
I think the wallpaper literally coming
up my bathroom walls right now I'm
packing a stereo you guys ever been so
sick you don't you wanna I don't want to
walk don't you want to move all you want
to talk it's just so bad I've taken
Tom's imodium um I've just had water
today I don't know what's on a more
positive note I am I feel really good
I'm sorry maybe everybody needs to smile
more haha duty and play yeah everybody
needs to smile more nice
yeah hey everybody we know so we got a
drive-through liquor liquor store you
don't have that you don't have that I've
never seen that in my life and we got
some guy from out that I am I'm gonna
drive this is Roman Atwood Narron really
never oh we got a draught through you
get baptized I know I know and Bullitt
County you get back on the raft I know
in LA they have delivery I'll call
delivery you can just runs your house in
all right so probably the worst thing
that could happen
effing happened today Chase is hiding so
we get back to Tom's office to review
our prank that we filmed all day all the
footage is shit pure shit you guys
actually get to see me upset right now
you wanna come watch this with me I
already seen it oh my god you guys want
to see what happened Oh Mike okay so
this is all good this is all good right
when he takes a part of the Apple listen
to that oh my dude did
every single shot today is static static
your static I don't even know what to do
even if I put music in it it's gonna
suck when you explain to my viewers what
happened today please here's what
happened to know you guys around for the
Hindenburg you exploded over the world
but pretty much that's what happened
today we got a mic issue these guys came
from upstate Ohio in the Louisville no
headphones and we shot all day with no
monitors so we get back to my house but
listen and like it is pure shit this
painful did audio audio was so bad I
found out about an hour ago I think I
cried a little bit no no dude I'm pissed
right now
I don't cuss I just a shit on your vlog
I got mad I ripped my mic oh look at
that other yeah look at this Rome Roman
Roman you know things are bad when Roman
starts destroying don't hit the dough we
all know that Roman can Baathist Mike
and this camera one and a half times cuz
again he's got money and did this
sucked and I'm so sorry you don't say
I'm so I told my auntie this is the
where you going so we're going back to
my office we'll try to salvage anything
but I just heard it there's doesn't
Salvage about all you can do is like
turn the volume down and put music or
it's so painful man fuck this is one of
them moments where it's like I don't
know grumpy grumpy as hell we're coming
to eat because we have not eaten today I
have had the most explosive diarrhea all
day and I feel sick this has just been a
hell of a day man why you laughing
I mean you admit that to your blogger to
your viewers bloggers I don't know hey
guys what am I having diarrhea what am I
supposed to lives just to hide my my day
come on
anyway we're going to eat I'm gonna eat
rolls I'm gonna try to eat some bread to
show you guys the weirdest thing chase
can do
he'll do it on camera he barks he puts
his Adam's apple in a glass of water and
he shakes the water do it again do it
again this is kid she does his
podcasting and yellow Kimmy Kimmy I just
find the Harker she's weird
Chase is squirting sanitizer all over
mom I'm driving up nothing to drink is
that my stomach as me killing me it's
really hard to find out where you're
going when our when our navigator is a
Trekkie right
what navigator is cray-cray oh so sober
it's so easy to find out how to get left
here take a look here you guess sucker
we're trying to find home we don't know
her to go Tom I need you I'm here your
memory count around you still think you
care Wooper that bread when you get
there hi
meant to burn your brain oh yeah oh shit
what you dick all right guys we finally
made it home Tom amazing navigation
skills we actually had to use the GPS
five got chased water in a cup
I've got chase water in a cup Joanne
it's a Starbucks that's your favorite
they gotta love it this is my friend
Josh sup John my best pop what up J dog
it's okay Tom so josh is gonna do big
things tomorrow
you have no idea you know mark oh yeah
all right guys we love you we're gonna
call it quits today sorry for whining
and crying on here from you guys hates
come on here and bring you down but the
dog never stops barking all right guys
we love ya keep your heads up no matter
what happens smile more we'll see you
tomorrow more yes
not honestly I had no I
