what's up guys so today Brittany says
let me try to mow the grass alright that
gets me out of work and so I set it up I
show her how to run it and 20 minutes
later Wow
and the pond
Oh No
my typically standard or hooking it up
okay I'll do that
I'd have to say for yourself sorry I'll
never mow again sure
Zeus really look how deep it is
she can do it
chase just callin just went to the
restroom and he had an oatmeal cream pie
on the table while he was in the
restroom chase ate the whole thing for
draw blue oh let's see what he says when
he comes up
we all knew what you a Mike get him get
him
I wasn't nobody eat your cream pie
Kane's getting in there on that dude I
saw it a giant snake came in the front
door and ate that thing yeah tell me
about it
through the sights it's like blue but
I'm really like holding it still so I
don't know what's wrong with that site
undecided messed up it's like Chase is
still a little P o that he didn't shoot
the explosive target and I got it for
shot I just know I'm blaming it on the
gun he's planning to learn it right at
it and it didn't explode oh you know
what it was it's because it was Roman
had no idea what it was all I know is it
worked I had my eyes shut the whole time
- which is weird I just felt it I had
the head it felt I could a blindfold
I'm by now by anyway we're not freaking
to him crap today here was the deer was
the plan we were gonna have I have my
friggin car delivered to blow up today
for you guys all went to crap chases
brother got sick he wasn't able to do it
blah blah blah excuses after excuses and
then we're gonna go film a new prank
don't like the prank I don't like the
prank I'm not gonna do the prank but now
I got a new prank it inspired a new
prank which we should film tomorrow
I do drug oh I just got to see this did
you put that yeah yeah
so today my brother Dale brought over
Noah's old Power Wheels from when he was
a little kid and now it's Kane's again
this thing is beat up you know how to
press that no wait you can do it go
ahead okay it doesn't work that good in
the gravel woohoo
this thing looks like it's been through
a demolition derby it's going so slow
Sal daddy's too big it's your truck I'm
too big all right guys we couldn't get
the car today we didn't pull a prank but
we did find chases old TV it's been in
his garage for like I don't know a long
time two years two years is TV
ESPA city does not work I brought my a
ar-15 chase and I are gonna blow this TV
up it's the best we can do today guys so
enjoy we're headed out to a little more
land today somewhere we have a little
more freedom because I want an explosion
today I want fire and flames maybe add
gasoline to the mix
but we gotta go a little further and the
Sun is setting my friends so that we
have enough time it's really nice
yeah got it 38 to son okay there it's
stuck it's moving around I was finding
it oh my god alright so we just got to
this beautiful piece of property and
we're gonna set everything up down here
this is way easier than walking out here
man
alright so straight up today and last
time we shot I promised chase that he
would get to blow it up the today's your
day haha
you can't duck it much at least let me
get something onto the bucket something
you know my god this just looks like an
awful idea from least let me get some
learn to the bucket so you know my god
this just looks like an awful idea this
is like gonna be epic now yeah that's
gonna look at me oh yeah I guess I
should add a like a kids do not try this
at home
type thing so we're pretty far away
get me standing dude no I've got to do
this one shot one kill
here we go we are live how's it look
yeah I need a brace dude I can't hold it
still it's alright how far I'll move to
your left a little bit
I didn't see it
I can't see the reason
bless you over the hood maybe you can
all right so we had a little little
technical difficulty the our duct-tape
fells what it is I hit the tape on the
bottom that was holding everything up
explosives in the gas fella yeah and you
were aiming for that so you're actually
a good shot bro yeah yeah this time I
put a lot more bullets in the clip for
you ha you see the target yes Wow there
it was oh I can I can hear people jeez
haha oh dude where's the TV at what is
this dude it blew stuff all the way up
here this is the TV oh my gosh but I
think we underestimate those explosions
a little bit it sucks when you have
sirens as soon as you blow something up
my dad said I can do it officer I'm not
gonna lie I'm kind of getting addicted
to blowing shit up it should be the new
FPS roman channel once a week or
something up once a week you guys want
to blow stuff up once a week I don't
know if I I don't have that kind of time
to commit to once a week cuz I'm about
to start my movie once that happens I'm
I can't do it so I don't wanna make any
promises but definitely a corn X TV and
it was awesome except we definitely
figured out that it can destroy anything
something yeah yeah next before it's
just like it didn't do anything to the
tree
I don't know happy I loved it and you
hit it yeah I did it took a few shots
but I got alright so I just got back
home
cane is wired okay say hi hi say what's
up
yeah no say uh yeah I got man this is
key oh yeah yeah I gave I gave me hey
dad mom me eva ski boo escape board
table masseuse oh yeah it is what about
Noah Lala oh yeah every time I come home
now I just fall asleep on this couch so
I'm gonna end the vlog probably short
five I said every day almost yeah we'll
see we'll see we'll see you do for
everybody
oh this is getting left out tomorrow all
right
we love you guys thanks for watching and
thanks for all the support we will see
you tomorrow and don't forget the most
important thing smile more I'm doing a
giveaway man I'm sweet what would you
rather have a GoPro or a vlog camera
are you gonna be doing like sports with
stuff I don't know it's for my viewers
