you like the only new yeah what's up
guys little sleepy boy back here I I
want to start today's vlog off with just
a overwhelming Thank You Man you guys
have showed so much love and support on
these videos you've been so loyal to me
and my family and I just want to say
thank you I truly want to say thank you
you've blown them up the likes the the
comments you guys telling that
PlayStation video eight hundred and
twenty thousand comments in like 24
hours impossible it's impossible
haha I love you guys I truly love you
too yeah that's a cool cursor you're
taking your Home Depot car into Lowe's
what makes sense so some days guys whoa
some days uh I just take you along with
my day and I'll since their daily vlogs
you just got to do what I do I guess I'm
sorry
should we get a car pick one up Matt one
all right ready pull pull pull
good job you won't get in it we need a
long extension cord one that can run
from the aquarium down into the
filtration room and I guess you want
blue you want blue we'll get blue daddy
and cane day guys daddy and cane day and
of course I'll hang out with you guys
too all right what else we come here for
we need all kinds of stuff
where we headed did
I mean are we go on
oh nice save go fast how fast hold on
tight hold on
so ever since I had this Chinese food
I've been hooked um
so I'm going there now I even called
Gilroy should I go you want some Chinese
he was like I could kill sir Chinese
food right now so I think he's gonna
meet me here now he's already here I can
see it there it is there he is getting a
smoke - posted
it's octopus
well let's do the maybe it's not for me
that's what it is
grania Kenya was turning into the
hurricane it's good here here you can do
it
don't just dip your fingers in it Oh
monster chase doesn't want to eat your
dirty fingers this is what we came here
for buddy you ready to try it okay it
might be really hot okay
even after orange looks so good
these are special cookies they got a
message inside eat this part but you're
sad those who wish to see always find a
song hmm
yeah like them mother birds in my
backyard it's funny they put they have
done the back learn Chinese yes it says
pyoung yi
that means cheep cheep Yong Yong
do you don't know how you're feeling but
I'm feeling like a million doll hairs
whoa
say bye chase see you dude MA
run run like the wind bullseye six miles
per hour six six miles per hour that's
not bad
okay all right guys so I've been
catching a little flak because I haven't
kept you guys I haven't kept you guys up
to date on the aquarium and I didn't
want to just shove it in your face every
day and it takes a lot of time and to
see progress on these tanks so for the
hobbyists and for everybody that enjoys
the aquarium I'm going to run you
through a little bit of it right now the
weird thing is I have to film I have to
film the aquarium with my actual a
little bit nicer camera this is actually
what I phone my pranks with because on
the vlog camera it just doesn't it's
just blue you don't get to see the tank
so I'm going to switch over to this
camera and show you the difference
here's the vlog camera now here's the
other camera all right so here is some
progress since the last time you guys
seen it
um this is my part my favorite part of
the tank it's just uh this this right
side it's really coming to life lots of
pretty corals this guy this guy's always
hogging the camera man every time I get
my camera out check me out check me out
I think he wants to talk to you guys
Nemo Nemo Nemo Nemo I have to show you
probably the one one of the most
impressive corals it's called a
pulsating single era
I'm gonna show you what happens when I
touch it you got to watch really closely
Betty it all just sucked in and came
back out you see it I'll do it one more
time and now it comes back out so yeah
this is the this is the best update I
got right now or the korells are filling
in that we're getting a lot of growth
actually I can show you but I can show
you that piece back there when we put it
in was it touching that rock now it's
completely growing onto the rock you see
it sorry I can't get focused so we are
starting to get a lot of growth already
and that is the fish tank this is
another view of the tank from inside
this guest bedroom where you can kind of
see into the aquarium looks pretty
awesome the glass is already dirty
alright so now I'm vlogging with my big
camera it's just pretty cool cuz I have
a bit of the LCD that flips out this is
this is way better so I'm going to show
you the behind-the-scenes of this
aquarium it's pretty simple I'll show
you all the lighting um I got three of
these LEDs over the tank so it looks
like this those guys are really what
give you the shimmering shimmering light
this is one of my favorite parts is just
the top of the tank it's like looking
into the ocean I love it I love it a lot
of people saltwater tanks you'll see a
sump it's called a sump and it's always
underneath the tank mine is actually in
a different room so you can see here
that under my tank is empty um which is
cool because it has a lot of space we
can store stuff in here so all the water
runs down both sides of the tank like
this and it runs into
all these tubes and it goes down okay so
from from the tubes we come down into
the smile more store and God forbid
these ever leak then ruin everything but
these run into the filtration room and
we have a lock up here where the kids
cannot reach because they could destroy
the whole tank and this is this is my
sump this is where the whole tank is
filtered and managed
so anybody I know that has a saltwater
tank you have to you have to dose it you
want to grow certain corals and things
like that this is a doser machine it
actually doses the tank for me
throughout the day which is really nice
and it just drops it into the song this
is a skimmer so the way this works is
millions of bubbles come up and they pop
all the dirt that's in the tank into
this look so there's never really any
waste in the aquarium that skimmer takes
all the junk out of the tank and pops it
into these bubbles which get trapped in
the top of the skimmer this tells me all
the levels of the tank temperatures the
pH these little probes those little
probes in the water read the pH and
different levels like that this is salt
water this is fresh water and this is a
top up bucket this bucket always keeps
the aquarium at the exact level have you
ever been to somebody's house and their
aquariums low and they have to dump
water in it well that bucket make sure
that the aquarium is always at the exact
level which is awesome all the fresh
water comes through here and gets run
through an art basically an RO unit
reverse osmosis and that is basically
gets the water down to just nothing in
the water it's it's just pure water and
then there from there you add the
chemicals that you want for your tank
there's a quick a quick as possible
without boring people that don't care
about aquariums and satisfying those
that do there's a nice update for you
obviously with salt water it takes a
long time to see progression so I don't
show it too much because nothing changes
it takes it takes months and months and
months and years before this tank is
going to be just like mind-blowing
picture-perfect I know it it already
looks absolutely
amazing but in a year or two from now I
want this baby of magazines basically
now I have a feeder that I have to get
hooked up because it will allow me to
feed the fish from my iphone from no
matter where I'm at if I'm in LA I can
feed my fish or I can just set it up to
auto feed you know a couple times a day
whatever so I'm trying to hook that up
now we've got some cables to run we got
some cables to run to the smile more
store
so now that I got the power cord ran
downstairs now I'm going to run some
cat5 cables and this is the top of the
aquarium oh my gosh all kinds of crazy
stuff up here I have no idea what half
this stuff is but I think
I don't know how to do this crap every
time he hits me it's not like a girl he
loves it all right guys I just have a
bunch of boring stuff to do tonight so
I'm gonna cut it off call it quits and I
mean look at this look at this what do I
even do what do I even do I got I got a
uh hi I love you guys I will see you
tomorrow don't forget how awesome you
are stay positive be happy and smile
more I love you I'll see you tomorrow
haha it wasn't me
