hey guys so well today my manager has
already called me like four times it's
my birthday today and I just want to
mess with him let's just see what let's
just see what he says
but he's calling me right now again yeah
what's up yeah what's going on man
what's with all the phone calls all day
well it's my birthday do don't just try
to enjoy some free time and my phones
blowing up all day
well how many you called me like five
times
why wouldn't I be serious with you maybe
when I tried to call you yo I'm just
messing with you bro I'm just I'm
filming you for my vlog I'm trying to
make something funny here so just stuff
Gilroy's house what's up dude dude it's
hot I'm not hiding it feels great it's
better than the snow in the rain we
should blow this TV up dude so I'm on a
mission to find a junk car one that
doesn't run just it can be towed out and
put into a field and then we can blow it
up with guns and explosives and just
have fun you know that's what that's
what fun is all about call my buddy and
see if we can get something here Oh
Craig yeah
what's up man this is Roman Atwood
what's up hey I got I got a weird
question for you I'm trying to find an
old car it doesn't even have to run I
wanna I want to fill it full of holes I
want to blow it up with guns and shoot
it and and then scrap it do you have
anything like that
maybe tomorrow tomorrow I gotta show you
guys but chase got me for my birthday
even wrapped it in this Kroger bag but
he got me my thanks dude I got my you
got me much my two favorite things
coconuts burritos the only thing you
really forgot was swedish fish but you
got tons of that yeah and the banana I
think is just the prop I'm not sure just
a problem I use it for the photo and I
said open your mouth I stay there oh you
guys remember a couple days ago we we
had this and we blew up my yard and
knock rocks off my wall well I want to
get more of them
all right so Gillan I got a couple bags
of these explosive buckets whatever
they're called freakin amazing is what
they are parked over here as most you
guys know Gilroy and I are on extreme
health kick stream dieting and there's
no room for error so that's what we got
Windies what I did I'll seem a little
bit yeah I'll be a couple hours okay
good okay I still got to go to the store
45 minutes all right
my little man from school two more days
dude two more days of school he's out
summer break and decide to come a store
get dog for things for Zeus I said ever
since my tally came to town everybody
wants to play with these little
skateboards all right one for you one
for Kane dog food eggs
apple juice styrofoam plain I think we
got it all man we just need bread let's
go find bread help me find bread come on
I think Noah can honestly navigate
through the store better than I can I
just tell him what I need and he finds
it bread right here oh no I didn't know
where it was coral reef cakes that's
like the best thing ever
what is that never heard of it
are you cleaning the dishes you got them
all done like what Noah got you to
skateboard okay so I couldn't get a car
delivered to blow up today but that's
coming that's gonna happen maybe in a
couple of days I don't know we're gonna
have it happy so we're headed to chase
his brothers right now to take some of
the exploding targets so here we are we
are hiking just set one of our big
explosions back here in the woods there
is nothing around here dude
nothing around here zip that kangaroo so
I'm up in this really dog tree we're
gonna try to mount it up in here so that
when we shoot we can see it from the
house which is pretty far away about 120
120 130 yards I don't know somewhere
around there you want to take the honors
trying the first shot will do
shot-for-shot all right all right let me
load you up what does that looks oh how
cute
better safe than sorry protection is
always important hater ring an ear dude
I know safety is on
you see it no do you want me to
Wow I can't hear anything you filmed it
mm-hmm
get your plugs ago oh I didn't shoot the
screen
well that was freakin awesome those
things are the best best would you think
that nah you got a good shot on your
phone the whole screen on his iPod I'm
not a phone should like I don't explain
it it looks like a shock wave what do
you think chase I'm disappointed that it
wasn't my bullet did ya you'll get the
next one I got more I got more we only
have we only shot one tonight we're
gonna do more when we get the car I got
a bunch of them for the car now if you
want no matter what it's not my fault
you miss hey did you miss us yeah we
believe some stuff up cuddle like little
babies all right so Gil got me a coconut
for my birthday and I'm going to attempt
to open it oh it sounds so good
no Attwood vlogs
but works really well is the back of a
big holy crap hello you got juice baby
it's just from the coconut outside very
much no I'll just smell it smells like
you're on the islands boys here's the
thing Jason I thought it would be a good
idea to just play call of duty all night
tell me what you just said
I said don't vlog this it's embarrassing
dude said he said I'm about to go tell
mom had all these guys on a lot of
bullying me dude I just went I just went
um most people wouldn't admit this I
just went oh and fifteen they're talking
about me oh and fifteen they're they're
making fun of me right now there's
bullies online man why do we suck so bad
dude five years ago we would be like the
best players on the Internet
your hand-eye coordination just goes oh
yeah I'm starting to think tech decks
the only thing for me huh you gonna be
my tech deck groupie what are you doing
trying to catch June bugs it's really
bright green is bright you're Nina come
on all right guys we love you thanks for
hanging out today we will see you
tomorrow thank you from the bottom of my
heart for all the birthday wishes
absolutely its I've never seen that many
in my life it's been insane thank you
for that we will see you tomorrow it's
all I got I love you you're awesome
don't forget that smile more I hope your
day's going good it turns out that my
license may be suspended right now so
I'm trying to figure this out I got like
a surprise notice in the mail that said
