what's up guys hope you're having a
great day
if you missed yesterday's vlog Britney
and I made the kids like a City
racetrack out of tape through the whole
apartment and it was a lot you are
running over to Alex's we're gonna go to
Dave & Buster's play some games yo we're
gonna have some fun real fun bat let's
go back have you tried that makes a turn
combine so it's awesome I'm Jack okay so
do you have to keep it straight then
keep it straight up yes I'll go straight
see that's rad now lean it whoa that's
the coolest good job you can and four
straight type like a key turn right
there you go
I lean it towards Oh alex has all the
cool toys clear let me try
run-down planting mr. president we have
arrived so we're about to go to a huge
arcade yet we can't leave the living
room because we're playing monkey bar
trying to beat this in our defense it's
a good game it's a lot of fun
is it this is it
phony he earned it
she earned it yes it sucks we went to uh
it sucks we went to Alex's and do this
suck so hard I can't believe that I know
like what I mean
today let's do you terrible you know
what you just did you just jinxed it you
just killed me no Harvey Harvey where
was Harvey with your sister yeah yeah
Harvey's good boyfriend is done Oh
nicely played it so we're gonna go to
Dave & Buster's here I guess it's pretty
new right yeah yeah they just built this
here not too long ago so when you go
check that out blow some money at the
arcade I'm sure it eats money really
fast here but but you never know never
know they might have free games
now lead the way my friend
what a birdie before we can do anything
of course we got to eat we got the more
food blog are you hungry
I'm not hungry I'm not eating I'm on a
very strict diet
what are you teaching my kids I don't
with this is a Corona slushy alright so
I kind of was lying about the food blog
this is all the food no one's to go play
arcade with Jake and we're just sitting
here waiting waiting to eat are you
gonna eat me
good answer nice talk I always enjoy our
conversations
alex is a magician he's magic
Oh
how's this happening
you
magic it's magic we are walking into
this crazy place it's way bigger than I
thought that's what she said okay here
we go here we go are we racing you
come on let's find another game who will
get more tickets
that's know just know is killing it
that's a lot
forty
I'll take a thousand every time we come
to the arcade this is Brittany's
favorite game Frogger everyone was
around
I major when their canes having the best
time ever
he's making the motorcycle noises with
his mouth he's on
that was fun this place is ten times
bigger than I thought it was
we can mariokart
old-school Patrol
this is always the toughest part of the
entire arcade what do you get with your
tickets moustaches tattoos toys these
are awesome
get the orange one down I don't know get
what you want what you're getting 1200
you got enough dude let's do it alright
Alex about to perform his magic
escalator stunt right now you guys want
to see a magic trick watch this watch
the escalator ready
what's up with that have you ever seen
that before I'm a magician I'm roaming
out with him on a local magician here we
can stop escalators so maybe when they
go up you just stuffy I can only stop it
going down for some reason there's
something weird about it
if for some if some crazy reason you
missed Alex and i's new prank the
flashing rope prank go watch it and at
the end or just go to Alex's Channel
he's got his escalator prank up where he
stops escalators is a trick and in that
video he teaches you how to do it so you
gotta go check it out dude that was
awesome I like the idea of like it's
magic like they thought I wanted to do I
wanted to do this one where I was like
you know I take a like a staff or so you
have someone say at the end and right
the end goes like you shall not pass
yeah and stop that one worked really
well you guys have fun tonight you guys
got some cool stuff to read at home I
got late so fast your ball run oil we're
on a whale I don't wanna get a hug yeah
well jellybeans I love you hey
all right guys got the kids to bed and
believe it or not this is our first
night together without any work like
usually when the kids go to bed that's
when I start work editing you name it
always busy so tonight we're trying to
find something to watch and as you guys
know when you get on Netflix
it's about impossible to what sharknado
I just heard like a lot about that
sharknado
seriously look at the know I know
right I've heard about that law anyways
when you get on Netflix you can't find
anything to watch because there's so
much to watch
maybe that would be a good question
today what's your favorite thing to
watch on Netflix
that's a good question leave me in the
comments we need a new show to watch so
tell me what your favorite show is like
our favorite shows the office the office
comedies we usually like comedies but
maybe we've got real be up for something
new
Eponine I think I'm just gonna end the
vlog so we can relax tonight forgive me
in advance for cutting this short today
um it is kind of late um tomorrow
tomorrow I don't know I don't want to
get into that haha we will see you guys
tomorrow and if you don't want to answer
the Netflix question I got a good
question for you you guys watch me every
day do my thing whatever we do I bring
you along what did you guys do today
tell me what did you guys do today
because you know what I did what did you
guys do I love you I hope you enjoyed
the new prank the street-racing prank
goes up the following Sunday this Sunday
coming up for all those that want to
know street-racing prank this coming
Sunday I love you guys I will see you
tomorrow keep smiling
someone smile hey guys today we're gonna
see how parents react when we flash
their kids with a positive message first
