what up guys it's a gorgeous beautiful
sexy sexy morning hey there beautiful
like I told you yesterday we are
celebrating my birthday today so Gilroy
in our get some things for the house
like a propane tank for my new grill
that Brittany and my family got me and I
am stuffy as hell I think I think my
nickname should be stuffy bastard what's
up guys it's your stuffy bastard that's
what I'm uh I think that's my anything
old you guys we had to get stuff for the
for the day I don't know what to get
though yeah I do
Who am I kidding I want that tropical
stuff holy moley let's get a box of that
we're ready now baby boy got the girly
drinks and the Islands right yeah guys
so my actual birthday is not till
Wednesday so you don't need it you don't
need to wish me happy birthday yeah and
today is just like close friends like a
man Gil family mom and dad stuff like
that Norman oh Dale just going to hang
out relax enjoy this beautiful 85 degree
day which for Ohio to get nothing but
sunshine and a tea we enjoy it
we definitely take advantage of that
situation oh my gosh this is my cake
what happened
Wow oh man I don't know say this is
it'll look good just Oh edible yeah we
just made it see that's a bad thing
about messing things up on the vlogs a
couple hundred thousand people get to
see your mistake
yes not so bad so yes or not maybe just
needs to go home yeah yeah that's fine
oh my gosh don't press too hard
grumbling I think there's supposed to be
a man in the house of tape I like I
actually like hot dogs that are kind of
burnt so no worries yeah I'm just
capturing everybody's flaws today on
film yeah Britany mess the cake up
these are looking good you know what it
looks ten times better
it's really coming alive you didn't get
us I think you just dumped it on yeah
just dump it all dried then I get on I
tried that kids are gonna be high for
you that you want you on lawn duty I got
I got this under control here oh my god
so duh why those are some big state are
big stick holy moly mure cow right no oh
no oh wait that is from King Barbie
rapping yeah yeah he picked out the
rapping but that is is from Kane I'm
raising some manly boys yeah I'm gonna
hit me up for anything it's fine just
open are you sure Kane it's not enough
oh it's his toy Wow I have the best kids
I'm getting younger three three oh I
expect a really good singing out already
you know
look at that these things of B nitro
electric of the east that's a neat leaf
so my brother always has all the cool
stuff the hobbies the cool things and he
brought his giant new plane yeah
probably I can't wait to see this like
racket hey are you gonna take out my
golf in the grass
um planning on taking off in your gravel
I don't know hey are you excited you'll
see that plane fly yeah me too I think
we should put a big piece of steak on
the tail see Susan catch it you have not
flown this yet now very first time aidan
flight actually the maiden voyage the
maiden voyage here we could go wrong
anything
you
it's not too bad prob not been busted
looks like the impact right there I'm
not gonna lie it looks like I mean
honestly from here it looks like he's
smiling now he's happy like you see his
little mouth ah it looks happy now I can
assure he is not too happy
oh so it turns out the controls were
reversed when he took off
not not entirely your fault not my fault
at all yeah you gotta check this out
this is this is Dale's airplane ready
mom Atwood vlogs yeah everyone looks
really cozy here just relax service so
since my birthday it's also Memorial Day
we're gonna uh we're gonna celebrate my
shooting the Earthshaker this thing is
huge isn't it that's like four times
bigger than the ones we were shooting
yeah it's powerful so you do a shoot
this the 223 or high-powered high-speed
rifle like twenty two hundred feet per
second and this thing will literally
shake the house all the way from the
back of my yard
and we're gonna add a bag of flour just
for fun and I'd love to see the factory
that makes us stuff without alright see
you pour is that aluminum aluminum oxide
or something mix it up
hey just shake shake shake shake shake
shake oh you can smell it we're gonna
walk it back okay that's it I don't know
how smart this is but I'm gonna put a
GoPro right here so hopefully we get to
see some action
come on juice you got to go in the
garage okay
say uh 223 round right here yeah
oh no you ricochet stone fell off the
house where's my GoPro oh you got it no
way no way
let me see the GoPro looks good no fire
no look say watch out Kane we're making
on hot-air balloon
Kane rad
she goes that's rad
oh yeah look at that still not enough
heat on a hot day it's harder it is
there she goes
bye-bye
this isn't my planned exit well this
this area doesn't look too bad but
everybody just left and it was a great
fun family day but I think our house is
in shambles now sorry we get it cleaned
up
I'm just looking over the rail and this
is what I see
alright guys what's up I have just
skipped to the current day so right now
this is current day because I wanted the
vlog to have a full 24 hours before I
picked a winner just so everybody knows
everybody's like well what about the
first guy that commented or the last guy
that commented to make it perfectly fair
these comments are completely shuffled
up as you can see one comment can be
from 16 hours ago one can be from a day
ago one could be an hour ago nine
minutes ago now before I do this I want
nothing but love and congratulations to
whoever wins I don't want no hate I'm
gonna do a lot of giveaway as you have
more chances but this is just a crazy
way to give this sucker away and I want
everybody to be supportive and have fun
with this if you lose oh wow you're not
out anything so let's do this right now
I'm going to scroll until one name
lights up like that alright if the name
doesn't light up we keep scrolling this
is going to be so painful to watch your
cane you want to watch alright let's do
this okay wherever the cursor lands
that's who wins the PlayStation okay
yeah here we go I'm so nervous
want to stop Kane tell me when Wow oh so
close Patrick so close to Patrick let's
keep moving tell me what this oh my god
I'm so sorry it did not light your name
up it didn't here we go we have to keep
moving Wow oh we got a winner three it
lit the name up six minutes ago oh my
god it's the luckiest person on the
planet okay let's see if you like the
prank yeah yeah yeah
up and he'd like the prank there it is
we have a winner and he's definitely a
fan he likes a lot of vlogs
there's our winner mister yeah look oh
who is that Mommy all right we got a
winner
BRAC i'm sorry dude i don't know how to
say her name but you won the cursor
landed on your name not only did it make
it land on your name but you also
actually liked the stealing the gas
prank and that was the prank that got me
to give this playstation away so thank
you so much and it looks like you like a
lot a lot of my videos so your your you
wanted and everybody else oh there were
so many the cursor just was like almost
touch game I'm so sorry there's nothing
I can do there's nothing I can do Kame
should this guy get the playstation oh
yeah
okay are you heard of here folks all
right Eric I'm sending you a message
right now you just need to reply to me
you won oh I'm gonna write it out all
right guys there's our winner thank you
for participating
we are definitely definitely doing a lot
of these I'm actually thinking about
doing another contest tomorrow so
everybody has a chance to win a lot
we're gonna we're gonna do a lot more of
these thanks for hanging out so fun so
much stress ups I want to give everybody
something but I can't it's the way it
has to be we found a winner and thank
you guys for 800 thousand comments
absolutely mind-blowing so let's do
another contest what do you guys want me
to give away next that's what you got to
comment today what do you want to give
away next something around the same
price range or lower it can be less a
lot of you last I wanted like a Skype
call with my family let me know what you
want everybody can gradually Eric it's
fair as all's fair always fair enough
hopefully
um hopefully the shipping isn't too
crazy because I know on YouTube somebody
can live anywhere in the world so I
might spend as much on shipping as I did
the whole place detection I love you
guys I'll see you tomorrow thanks for
hanging out no hate let's keep doing
contests give you a chance to win I love
you I'll see you tomorrow
smile more pick it up this place is
pretty awesome man
I love it
