how you trust me enough to go across the
pond I've never I never driven this
welcome to the blog guys today we're
starting exactly where we actually that
wasn't in yesterday's vlog those weren't
in yesterday's vlog either okay so maybe
it's today's vlog is exactly where we
left off yesterday - the things I just
showed you it is the boys birthday party
first ever combined Noah and Kane
birthday
thirteen and six a teenager my cousin
April what did it feel like when she
turned into a teenager and it was a
challenge and she put me to the
challenge every day and she still does
so Noah no challenges just me and you
buddy buddy forever alright that's it
super easy it is a wild fest out here
lots of kids lots of family lots of fun
no look at this thing this is an
accident waiting to happen right here
ready ready oh well I eat it no I didn't
eat it no I eat it eat it no did you
fall yeah what do people love seeing
people fall why oh oh oh geez it's the
kind of thing we want to remember in 20
years right here right this food the
beef the brisket the barbecue really oh
it's steaming I can see the steam we got
you know normally were two pizzas and
stuff but this time mac and cheese meat
steaks Sam just showed up with the
coolest cookies look at the camo smile
more and flash and dunk how long it take
you to make just kidding I know you
bought them cards and presents and gifts
are piling up are you going in you're
going a little blurry
come on baby everybody's eyeballing the
dunk tank and they're like nobody's on
the dunk tank if somebody gets in their
line I'm your dad it's fresh hose water
so it's probably Ice Bowl it's probably
the coldest the government it's right on
top of your something no one will know
make them stay away far they'll start at
the tree yeah
I'm sneaking over here look what just
showed up this is one of the coolest
machines ever just you're just your
influence I know the made people jump up
there it's the willingness God get this
when I pulled in here the country was
like oh you're gonna come to dump me
right then he goes up there and checks
the water he's gone country busy was
this practice you gotta get up here
plops oh this is it for you pops
got the family here lined up destroy my
pop Dale Oh
his brother Todd Oh mom's up come on mom
broken leg you know my dad's sister
Leslie
here she goes took your kid out I'm just
gonna clock them out you gonna clock him
out
you know he must because he no one has
dumped them maybe I should go about Mont
you throw the ball throw the ball
country wants to put it into well you
made the kids happy someone to get me
what I did by the way you just made the
kids so happy country knocking you made
them sellout so do you just sit like on
the edge or what
this mini app which involved yeah it's
over it's gonna get bad alright next
we're gonna fill it with the Porta Potty
water no that's already in there
I can't believe Country trusted him
right there Oh Jase show moves blasts
chase yeah would you guys rather don't
country your your dad punched ain't said
country my birthday boys let's see it
right at that red dot Oh try again try
again try again
nice let me say so after you get dosed
about 30 times the water feels
comfortable so I'm okay now what man
Roman hurry up we got to cut the cake
hey I'll film something bad the girls
are oh geez okay let's see it both speed
oh let's see it cane get it boy get it
boy oh he's still on there he's still on
there good job man oh I don't know if
this is the benefit for the dunk tank
but this one looks really fun I'm gonna
try to do it you guys made it look hard
just think this time next year she'll be
running around and that crazy no but I
was going to show these kids how a pro I
was last time I did this I conquered
this in Chicago oh yeah yeah I think I
remember that I always wish you the best
but that was one time you got me so mad
because I was like Manny did it I know I
was gonna fail and may you you did a
vent really good
you made it accounts one of the coolest
toys for today is not mine a friend of
mine brought it actually the same guy
that supplied us with the red Ducati
that country ramped in the lake is
brought and amphibious toy not only
drives on land but apparently drives on
water so we're gonna find out about this
how many people can you put in here oh
are you serious
just pile in alright so this thing can
roll in the water so be careful
perfectly safe this thing probably
doesn't even follow
oh my god we're in the pond city er wait
go away all my gosh were in the water
balance balance you're so awesome
what
Wow I suppose you didn't hop in mom yeah
do you see how the old rods yeah I was
actually right there a first person
I love that it's like the coolest toy
ever
you can go anywhere uh-oh let's got it
that is awesome we need to ramp it you
guys got a lot of weight on there oh my
gosh up you I hope you can swim oh jeez
instantly deep oh my god no oh my dad
just jump
well you you lost dad dad's gone thanks
for being here with us today guys is
such a great time for the kids even the
adults myself having such a good days is
awesome now this is crazy
what is that what is that I ride it's
happy birthday Tom cake and ice cream
Mike Mike Mike camera dispelling the
cake yeah ready
how you trust me enough to go across the
pond I'm never doing this
I never driven this we got to you want
to grab let's take turns go first yeah
no just go no practice honey oh sorry
baby
there we go fast we're in the water
now you're good
job
Dora
and I go down with you come on let's do
it jump over who race yeah I'll race you
this thing is awesome it's the fastest
ready have you ever seen one of these
are you serious yeah I mean I haven't
seen anyone except for this one I've
never seen one except for this one
should we go
thanks for traveling with me mama amp is
so upset today because he couldn't be
out with all the people here it's the
food
he's only supposed to graze like on
grass greenery and he loves food like if
there's food out he will take a table
down he will he will Ram his chest into
a table and knocked over that's how bad
he wants it so he's out here for a
couple more hours he's so mad at me I
know he's happy he's fine he's
embarrassed to that fall he did the
other day you didn't see him fall you
need she don't even watch her own vlogs
uh-huh well you'd get you really soon
bud you come out soon you're making
giving me a guilt trip man you can't be
trusted period can't be trusted the ball
jumps up there with the favorite today
but the eight wheel machine that goes in
the lake
still doesn't compete with this our
amazing summer days are just about gum
we trash the pond today it's like straw
and grass and everything in it it's a
lot warmer with the wetsuit temperatures
gonna drop we gonna skate hockey could
not have asked us for a bit like we
lucked out on weather so much imagine
all this without this perfect weather
this thing is really cool to check it
out
who can get the highest who can go the
highest whoa
such a good day holy cow I'm so happy
right now guys like legit my family and
their friends had an awesome time that's
all that matters
you guys get stuff I was wanting to find
the old one that's just what you needed
oh snap soggy doggy
oh it's a dragster
that's from Tam and Carl mine you're in
debt
just kidding happy birthday so many
birthday cards dude you're gonna need a
backpack for all that stuff before it
set on iTunes dude look at this yeah you
got through half your cards look at all
these iTunes cards we got some building
to do man you're gonna beat me up so bad
in it you can probably beat up country
in that I shouldn't shoot sighs you know
I thought I thought for sure it's gonna
be ice skates
for the pond yeah
you love them those are from country man
that's awesome man we're gonna be
building all day and night tomorrow put
on your fingers but I'm like this game
like I'm both fingers James the King
right now look like nitro he can behind
the couch boom
penis night head again you probably like
all this paper no that's because he just
woke up alright guys just like that a
new morning everything's gone except for
the tent tent still here by the way look
at the pool then in the vlog last
night's we're coming on current day to
say hello and goodbye the kids a family
everybody we had such a great day Cain
is still not back to 100 he still got a
hair of a fever so he's a little off and
even this morning he's still just a hair
off so we're gonna try to regroup
regroup get him back up to par today and
that's that's it thanks for being here
guys every day on the kids birthdays
it's just so fun to share with you guys
what we're doing here we love you so
much flash you have a good day yesterday
you probably worn out with all those
people giving you love yeah you CP
sleepy baby love you guys so much gonna
edit this for you get it up and we will
see you tomorrow you're beautiful you're
one of a kind smile more
you
