what's up guys good morning how are you
what are we going to go get Noah he's
that gonna smiling now so we are we left
everybody at home while we go get Noah
from school today and uh school smile
you're on camera trying to tell ya I hit
it it's funny hidden camera for you ah
make sure you being good back there
I put it there and he was just smiling
ear-to-ear so schools good guess who's
at our house
Owen Fatali you have to tell him
something what is it - I'm an enemy
I don't like his name you're saying what
name is that what kinda name is that
that's Russian tell him he's Russian he
said all you told him no that's cool are
you teaching her like this a single
lunch
hon in that Woodhouse we're uh you know
you go to Benihana and you watch the
chef cook while we're all eating
watching Vitaly what just saw you that
is so crazy
no finger is nothing they probably think
I'm ago lost slow motion
she's - flip flip stuff he gets he gets
nervous when the cameras on that was a
person that was awesome
Oh five-o nosegrind ah I gotta land it
for the vlog yo he's just so good with
his fingers ladies dude another month of
this I'll be a pro look I'm when I got
fast I got fans huh just fast
I'll get it bro I'm not turning the vlog
camera until you land just all I want
you to do is always boom we got some
time to kill here do you want to play
call of duty you do yes we're one no no
no no bush um came
oh yeah you got off easy on that one Wow
that's pretty good on all right we're
finally going out to prank tonight we
always have to wait till it gets dark
because this is kind of a nighttime
prank now we got up we got to hide so we
don't get caught prank and dirty Suns
going down
tell you all you do is look at porn all
day he's on tinder that tender porn I'm
on sooner he said they got all the
girls in Ohio hitting them up yeah
we had an extra minute so I thought I
thought I'd play cuz I'm a big kid dude
this is the best yeah good that has how
you fail tell me out son you big old
baboon
I'm taking my hungry boys to the best
place on the planet
out back that is yeah I got the little
baby
dude that's a trough now you don't look
happy why don't you just happy I'm just
oh my god that's thank you sir it's good
what do you mean you think about thing
in my body oh did I just had such a good
time where was Dennis I know finished
drove we could we show up the outback
and then this is like I'll meet you in
there he never came in and we'll be
there for like one hour he's let's go
find out what's up what's up what
happened bro what happened flappy birds
dude you just dropped us off at Outback
and then splashy fish man I can't help
oh my gosh addicted brow lover he just
hangs up from his girl for him I blame
haha come on hey I love the no parking
son
Oh
oh you're taking too long pretty stupid
yeah
yeah okay take this guy anywhere
huh you guys now
you guys know him you're not all right
so the police are funny we just saw them
walking down the aisle so at this point
we're just waiting for them to find him
or I might have an idea forgot my wallet
that's a perfect you don't need an ID
but oh yeah is that a good one ana
fluorophore let me see
so we need this for a video tonight I
was the one yeah you guys are on the
verge of getting kicked out here and
besides I'm Park once those be part so
you guys get done get out of here dude
four days of film and Noah five five
maybe I don't I can't keep track
arrested we've been arrested we've been
months of did
we've been arrested for this we've been
out night after night it's 2:00 in the
morning we got our last night we're done
we are so done oh well that was a riot
video dude it feels so good to be done
with this Prive more excited to not film
a prank ever again
it feels like a weakness yeah dude the
ATM is totaled you can't oh it's the lit
up have a flashlight in there I can't
get it but it's totaled it's completely
trashed the uh well that's gonna be a
surprise but anyway the videos done guys
it took absolutely forever to film it
feels like you already know I'll tell
you but we're headed uh we're headed
home now
there's supposed to be a massive meteor
shower tonight at 2:00 a.m. it's 1:30
right now so we're headed to the back of
the black backyard to watch it it's
supposed to be the biggest actually in
the last century since we've been alone
yeah all right guys back at the house
and uh of course you're in the fridge
you like a raccoon dude what am i doing
just party on poor kids have nothing to
eat every time Vitaly leaves
gotta rebuild the house there is that
more pudding are you finding this that
it's in the back ah
I think Brittany's trying to hide you
found you found our head instead you do
know about him but no I honestly didn't
know this drawer look at this candy
drawer dude
earlier today Vitaly is just over here
like like what are you doing a walk
around the corner he's got this drawer
open hilarious all right guys we love
you what a day what a day what a mighty
good there we're out of here I'm going
to bed I'm beat it's 2:00 3:00 3:00 in
the morning
love you guys oh yeah meteor shower I
don't really see anything oh I love you
guys of course don't forget how awesome
you are
I love you we'll see you tomorrow it's
mama let's act like me
hahaha
