what's up guys check this out Todd
what's up man
I'm are you gonna help me out here no
check out what he just brought me
starfish shrimp
these are cleaner shrimp and what kind
of what kind of starfish are these
that's a griddle star this big guy yeah
just don't grab them by the leg or just
break off it's always brittle yes
defense mechanism Oh check it out oh
well you just got a man he is so bad a
do that oh my gosh Oh looks like we
gotta know I've never seen this before
dude what's this oh whoa I can't see all
you can see that what happens when the
quarreling just move that's a good size
I like how the Limousin freaking look I
can touch it
yeah whoa it's like a earthworm it was
kind of like alarm with that look at him
this isn't worm I wonder if you get fish
with those things actually get him go
I'm out of here
so now they're gonna start eating the
floor right yeah they're gonna eat the
coral now just give me sweep it one more
so this is a normal day in our house
editing probably looking at porn Danis
is editing Brittney and Kane are on a
knife with a computer it's where that
our entire careers consists of a laptop
and a camera let's don't get it too dogs
love him it it's the ham cam
oh my gosh you got that so fast damage
it yeah hey what's the big idea here I
got places to go
haha alright we're on our way to film
some pricks
looks like we got a poser coming up on
us looks like we got a threat
my god
ah
sorry no yeah what are you doing but
friendly fire friendly fire I love it
then it's just soaked the people feel a
little dot water no we're finishing ATM
prank tonight no matter what yes that's
what I said yesterday is the best thing
we can do is eat good protein steak ribs
kids food steak hot steak salmon oh I
think the head movement helps dude that
people inside are just having a heyday
bro oh come on do it how do you learn
that I have to have this perfect facial
where do you go to learn that like you
have to just try that's cool bro then
it's your turn we're all doing a
moonwalk challenge yeah I saw all of
your blogging right house awesome wrong
like that
no no no I'll take a hydrometer I think
that the more on my walk I would tell
you oh yeah let's just like me yo the
cops are already on it they're at the
bar we uh uh first shot we just watched
the cop pull up
we finished our prank packed up left two
cops just pulling up haha you going
straight yeah oh yeah so we are now
watch Dec 14 2013 on High Street ha ha
we're kind of cheating a little bit now
we got a police scanner so now we can
hear all the cops in Columbus y'all
cheating game we're cheating but hey we
have to it's a good cheating it's a good
cheating we're playing with night in the
club being smart so this is all the
actions going on around Columbus right
now Eric right yes Annelle so now if
they say no if they say there's guys
with ATM machine blah blah blah we'll
know all right guys we're out of
Columbus we're getting ready to leave I
think we just about got the video done
the ATM Frank is gone we've got two
reactions tonight takes all night to get
two reactions it's 1:00 in the morning
annulment on my so tired guitar yamaha
I'm down lime and hanging them achieve
efficient have fun yeah
there you tired
alright guys we're back we're back where
we started today we're in the vlog
there's a fun day a fun night but I'm
beat dad what you got well they just a
stack back it's the food
it's that bump diet roast about that I
got celebrated all over the video yeah
it's good one excuse every day he's got
an excuse T puddin
alright guys we love you thanks for
hanging out today we will see you
tomorrow
smama everybody say cheese come on smile
come on ha ha ha
love these guys what you know who I am
