yeah beautiful weather today a front
sideways and they don't tell you that
but then when I feel massage which is
super fucking hold the cameras what it
mean sideways dream is going in the
camera like that like this no it wasn't
it is like that crazy dude who like to
sleep ah Ali's been sleeping all day
it's raining that a lot of film action
until tonight hopefully we're doing
night time filming anyway let it rain
baby what's up guys hope you're having a
great day we're gonna go eat that's what
we do best better than anything
please ma'am food vlog let's take you
step one to a good meal
appetizers cheesy tomato soup
cheesy tomato cheesy tomato bro it's
yellow tomato you don't like it that's
potato potato potato what'd you get dude
go to ela fuck Tina nah that's tortilla
soup
do these rolls you dip this in there
it's over it's over I can't even show
you step to the actual meal appetizer
steak salmon balls nah it 6 to 12 ounces
but you're on a diet bro
Vulcan dive high time dessert time lock
the knife on guys that's here whoa
that's the end of our food vlog we are
wait how the hell did I correct my
screen you see it hello oh well curse we
are filming the ATM prank tonight we're
getting ready to shoot a photo for a
social social media you guys know how it
goes
did you look so scary with the ski mask
people just look scary with this thing's
yeah why am I so buff D that's why I
I'm just so built I just built yeah I
always like to share my Instagram photos
with you guys because I know a lot of
you guys in the past have told me you
don't have Instagram since a lot of you
don't have Instagram I always try to
show you my photos so I just put up I'm
tired as effing wait on this prank
filming all night until it's done and
then this happens clouds heavy thick
clouds yes is it going to rain boy is it
gonna rain boy
it's supposed to storm tonight we'll see
we're going we're going either way we're
not waiting if it storms though it is
sprinkling starting to sprinkle I can
see the drops little King has passed out
oh hi buddy
hey little man
did you get a good nap yeah I just made
you young that make you guys young too
but you see that
ayane yawns don't hurt me sorry I was
only playing I was only kidding do what
you guys wanna do so vitally just uh
stole we tried to take my car I got a
flat tire wonderful smile more so he
stole chases car to go to the gym and uh
now it's just us in this guy Kane just
woke up calling watching vlogs yeah I'm
gonna go sit on a porch and enjoy this
cold glass of orange juice oh my god you
do so I am the guide never ever looks at
the weather I'll pee people call me and
be like yo I don't think we should film
tomorrow they're saying it's gonna rain
I'm the guys like nope we're filming
tomorrow it's not gonna rain nine times
out of ten it doesn't rain and we film
if I trusted the weather here in Ohio um
I would never go outside now but really
uh I'm usually that guy and never ever
look at the weather but tonight I'm a
little eerie about this it's not looking
too good
ah yeah how long I just waited there I'm
open for that crappy reaction really
yeah
some goose bubbles ah sucked
it's just easier to scare kids Oh
battery's running low
alright we're packing it up or a we're
going to fill out my my fridge that's
good it is not a clock p.m. we got to go
rock and roll I'm leaving okay
I love you give me five wow that was so
hard
I love you a little bit yeah high five
Mario yeah
hi guys team Frank it's late we're gonna
make it happen
ain't that right
let's get our palms wide he's armed
anyway he wrote down the whole crowd
goes so loud he opens the words won't
come out Rebecca Dubois
hey dr. love what's up baby so imagine
new for grants and ding he gave me a big
Pepsi soda right and I show my behind
boy I had this thing spinning telling me
telling me you're telling me some guy
just came up you to you telling me I got
a listen to me good talk telling me a
guy came up and bought you a Pepsi not a
guy who YouTube let's let's tell it like
it is let's say who it is what it was
and who it is and what it what is the
guy look like what did the guy look like
something like you oh you bought the
Pepsi ya feel me y'all think I don't
know what I know working near the bus
expired
shooting a prank
any camera show what's up what's the
problem
what come on tell me - tell me the
script I would just we just shot a quick
prank and we're out of here
in and out right now you're detained
what's going on you get it just is this
somebody shot hidden camera prank we own
the ATM it's all ours it's all good man
no worries okay can I see everybody's ID
please
I'm just I want to know what the prank
is well that's what's the script that's
its you put the ATM on a wall and that's
it you got a deeper listen why because
I'm because you're suspicious right now
that's why I'm asking for your ID ah
what's the listing what's the problem
the problem is I'm investigating with
the suspicious activity with an ATM and
back of the vehicle we own we borrowed a
frozen right over here yeah
how many cops tonight - - that's not bad
- cops isn't them I'm not taking out on
you no I apologize frustrated I'm just
like you get frustrated dealing with
your thoughts we're not allowed to so
we're going to continue filming right so
you can fill all your you just want to
see from our clinical time I'm telling
you you're going to get more of this is
the more you do it and you know it
that's why we have to connect we have to
get the video to these unsuspecting
people that you're pranking cut out
weapons absolutely then just let you
know hi guys hey
everybody say cheese
come on smile come on haha love these
guys
what you know who I am alright guys we
are calling it a night we got pretty
much ran out out ran out but he got too
late two in the morning and pretty much
two in the morning the only people on
the streets are police officers we call
it quits and push it till tomorrow I
know I said I wasn't going home so this
prank was done such a failure bro I will
extend it or the best out of the best
such as
at least we still got our ATM we still
got our cameras we still got our smiles
do don't hit anybody bro I got kids I
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow for
more fun entertainment don't forget as a
shitty attending Muslim just say beyond
this morning all right let's do more
imagery all right this is your right all
right all right guys lovie until
tomorrow smile more how was that first
things first
Italian lands and it's time to finally
get the prank camera back bro you ready
yeah they're gonna put it through this
little hole on slop little
