bye I love you you're awesome
on this day boy you can't reach me
what's up guys how are you are you
hiding from the Sun are you just now
starting your vlog No
yeah it's really late the day I pretty
much spent all day doing things that are
unblockable unloggable like mowing the
lawn and going to get gas for the weed
eater I've really messed up today yes
but the PlayStation Contest is off to a
great start not sure how we're giving
her away but you guys seem pumped about
it I'll show you give away any ideas
genius I don't either
everyone wants I think majority just
wants a randomizer like a randomizer for
the comments which maybe maybe that's
how we do it
on the blogs for the vloggers it's for
the blackest smile mwah if you think
someone that didn't like the prey that's
what I was saying like I want to make
sure that it's one of them but it's
impossible to do that so speedy Gonzalez
over here so yeah I pretty much wasted
all day doing boring crap haven't been
here since we're in Hollywood remember
BW threes Buffalo Wild Wings whatever
you guys call it I don't even know why
I'm coming here every time I come here
I'm like I'm never going back yeah and
then what here we are here we are just
in case you can't go like 30 minutes
without a TV they got them in every
booth I guess it's good for like sports
we just watched person first cartoons
came here if you press here if you press
that press it until there's cartoons
nor curtains not dirt - well that's
volume this is more food than like a
whole family should eat yeah what else
you guys want to be in my vlog sure got
some fans here what do you like it right
you even one yeah oh yeah you see the
blog I've seen a couple of them okay all
right now you're in one yeah let's do
this
all right just leaving beat up somebody
literally emptied out their entire car
right here come on and gets in the store
faster than we can just to get balloons
oh you're so sweet
would you pick out this time birthday
and happy wishes alright just got home
from the grocery store I didn't tell you
guys but Vitali flies out he'll be here
tomorrow 8:00 in the morning and I'm
gonna call him right now and tell him I
can't film this week let's see what
happens no idea what's going on dude
you're not in believe as John just
called me and said I have to be in San
Francisco on Wednesday yeah I told him I
tore my name nobody says I have to be at
Google San Francisco it's some it's some
brand opportunity that's what I mean he
just said it's like a huge opportunity
that I cannot miss he said if I don't do
it somebody else will so there's there's
no way I don't know if I told him I told
me you were flying out and he said
there's no way that I can film this week
I have to be there what do you want to
do oh all right dude I'm just I'm just
messing with you bro
yeah just messing with you yeah so I
told you guys in yesterday's vlog that
we were going to actually I said that
the ATM prank was coming up the tally
flies in tomorrow morning and we're
going to wrap this prank up we finally
are getting his camera back tomorrow
which is which all the prank footage is
on and we're going to add to it we're
going to go out and do some more filming
so hopefully all goes well and this new
prank is gonna launch all right guys I
have have to show you this Britney's
naked
right here this is hers it's a small
natural juice would you guys tell you
guys proud Oh
so really all I'm doing tonight is
making sure that everything is charged
prank equipments ready we are doing a
basically like four four full days of
pranking like a whole bunch of new epic
pranks hopefully they're epic and
hopefully we get them done with no
problems
last time Italian flew to town we were
arrested and we still have court coming
up the time before that Columbus gave us
like 80 some charges from the city so
hopefully this time smooth Sam that was
awesome I was it good like FIFA Oh on
the coolest sup you're gonna pay for
that we're gonna pay for it let's get
her cane let's get mommy come on come on
you're on my team let's go get her yeah
come on get her come on
although ever Oh tickle tickle tickle I
got to show you guys these uh these
before in this vlog early I got to show
you guys these photos that I'm just
loving I've actually put one on
Instagram a couple on Twitter but
they're these I made this weird face
weeks ago and now everybody is making
these crazy photos of them and I
absolutely love this one of me as a baby
as that's actually Kane a robber me on a
horse with wings this is the one I
actually posted on Facebook or Instagram
haha
please send more of these I haven't even
asked for these it's just
many people are making them I think
they're hilarious but I would love to
see what else you guys can do with those
those are awesome guys I'm going to end
this vlog now it's probably early in a
quick vlog but uh it's all I got today
the rest of the week is going to be
probably a riot
lots of film and lots of pranking lots
of lots of everything so I hope you look
forward to that
PlayStation Challenge is coming up I'm
going to figure it out on the next
couple days figure out exactly how I'm
going to find who really who really gets
this PlayStation I love you guys I will
see you tomorrow
you're awesome and don't forget to smile
more they got one what's your name
tia hiked all the way to the back to
find this bad boy somebody's going to be
really happy to get this TIA
