what's up guys good morning to you I am
I'm gonna deal with you guys and that is
if you got my new prank to 100,000 likes
I would buy a Playstation 4 give it away
so guess where I'm going right now gonna
try this little place Best Buy
real quick everybody always asks me
what's the best vlog camera and this is
it now this is the new one it's the elf
340 it's a cannon it's exactly what I
use now except the model up this one's
being discontinued actually it already
is discontinued can't even find it now
alright let's see if they got a
PlayStation greatness awaits
then I'll see any Aussies a whole bunch
of PlayStation 3 one there one over
there one over there I don't see
anything
yeah they got one what's your name
Tia hiked all the way to the back to
find this bad boy somebody's gonna be
really happy to get this Tia but I had a
ps4 baby lucked out first store I went
to that saved a lot of time so I'm
guessing by the time you guys are seeing
this that the video the prank is already
over a hundred thousand likes it was it
was flying I never seen like scope that
fast so I figured it was just safe to
say get a PlayStation 4 now and that's
not the real challenge the real
challenge guys is how am I gonna give
this away how are we going to come up
with some type of system so that
somebody gets this ps4 I need your help
I don't know how to give it away I don't
want to just pick a random comment it
just doesn't seem legit I don't know if
that's what you guys want me to do
that's what I'll do but you guys tell me
today in today's comments right now
go blast what you think is the best way
for me to give this PlayStation away
that's what I really need help with
thanks guys
thank you I really appreciate it four
hundred and twenty eight ninety nine
just for you guys alright guys I'm back
home about to grab the kids and Britt
and get some much much-needed family
time I'm taking a few days off from the
prank world and getting a really
much-needed day with the family today
right
yeah let's go we uh we just got to a
little part called dolls arboretum dolls
every time something like that
this is cool these are wild would love
to get like a Swamp Thing suit imagine
like a Swamp Thing suit just laying in
this all these families come in here and
I just yeah it would Noah is way up
there he's so fast stomp stomp stomp
stomp stomp stomping run jump whoa you
must eat it ha ha look at that cane you
could almost live in there
you guys are gonna have to forgive me
especially I'm so stuffed up the routes
or I got a cough drop in right now and
little Keener's has a bad cough so we're
not exactly feeling too good but we
still had to get out of house for a
little bit huh huh nothing nothing knows
the leader the leader of the pack can't
keep up
Suns flaring and like no other you got
your boots on you can step in the water
oh it's in there to me I Miles's please
open door oh it's a bathroom some type
of drainage facility whoa all right that
didn't last too long I don't think
anybody is up for all that walking right
now who wants ice cream can you know
what ice cream you do oh I thought for a
second you didn't know want ice cream
Brett wants ice cream
I for one love ice cream we showed up at
the ice cream place like a little corner
ice cream shop and they did not accept
credit cards or debit cards bank cards
the only accepted cash which of course
Brittany left at home but the other
option is come to the main store and
just pick out any ice cream you want
look at all this ice cream what's the
best ice cream in the world what's your
fave what is it chocolate met chocolate
come on Kane why are you why are you why
are you like oh you wait Oreo that's the
one bite that's that's really little I
want these up here you're getting
chocolate chip cookie dough no is
getting in cooking cream Oreo we just
need daddy Oh and Kenny Oh Kenny at
hurricane bro berry yummy guys probably
know my favorite is coconut but they
never make it no way
oh yeah see it's always cooking up
chocolate chip it's not the same
maybe I'll just being too picky oh let's
go
you know come on let's go don't spill it
you're buying it all right we're back
home keen what are you doing on the
counter oh you eating cheese yeah but
with cheese but she's on the garlic
friend oh I'm so ready for sketti
scaredy right now spaghetti sounds the
best yeah me too
spaghetti as you guys knows our family
favorite I don't know we just love it at
least the actual noodles you're gonna
use I have a box there is gonna use half
the boxes no I didn't even know we had
this fancy little jar are you gonna eat
yeah are you gonna eat a lot okay Nina
see what he did doesn't surprise me this
is all the fish food what kind do you
want to give them mmm no give him that
time yeah okay come here
that's my sash rim a champ that's frozen
shrimps that's not what can I put it in
I'm not gonna put it in watch no out
with blogs welcome okay I'm gonna let
you do it I know that I gotta put water
in here now we're gonna let all this
trip we're gonna let all fall out to
swirl it around see it all coming apart
let me see don't let me see I'll let you
dump it in I'll let you put it in let's
make it all melt pour it in the water
pour it in the water
all right yeah yeah they're all gonna
eat it
Hey oh he's big
what last time I saw you even have those
gigantic things when he's crazy oh yeah
they are eaten like mad fish the only
thing these kids will actually eat is
spaghetti guaranteed right you know it's
true
you wanna drink now for the best part
yeah ice cream
mommy's throwing it all over here it
comes here it comes
no it's awesome dude
okay yeah here's the one when they open
the door is this the rest of our night
no it's movie time in the Atwood house
man what a nice lazy day haven't done
anything much nothing hanging out with
everybody I love and care about
especially you know mommy hey are you
gonna watch this movie Cain is really
wide all right looks like we're doing
everything but watching a movie well the
night is winding down
are you sleepy baby yeah I feel like
total ragdoll man I'm like every time it
starts getting late I just start falling
apart you hear this you hear my throat
my head what good March March March
you thirsty yeah on Friday come over
Saturday we'll have a Sunday on Monday
oh that's no wait
oh you're thirsty yeah but you said you
were Thursday I love you watch your head
don't you crack it open like you did
last time no I did I'm just kidding
bite my ear off love you not it nighty
night
I'll just scratch I won't tickle you so
please oh oh oh my god it's the worst
feeling in the world the worst I hate
you too Camille II don't know how much I
hate it you're filming it you know how
much I hate it why you take on me all
the time hmm never that's with a pickle
that doesn't kill oh my god
all right that's really all I got for
you to get guys it was a much-needed
family day um if you were expecting
super-exciting I'm sorry we will get it
another day but I just missed my family
my kids it just felt good to be here I
know you guys can appreciate that but I
love you thanks for watching thanks for
smashing likes on the new prank
unbelievable guys I love you thanks for
sticking around we have so much coming
up so much coming up ATM pranks coming
up I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
don't forget smile more typically I
shoot the interest for my pranks first
but I forgot to do that for this one so
now I have to pretend
like I don't know how the reactions are
going to be yeah like let's see how
people are going to react when
