but up guys having a crazy crazy morning
last night was a little blurry a little
blurry getting a slow start we're
actually out shooting a new video for
b-dawg here I can't Agni techne video Oh
God they want a puppy haha anyways yeah
we're all gonna go shoot a new prank out
Venice Beach which always interesting
people there I love this place is so
pretty bra
I have no energy this is probably the
lamest room and you guys have ever seen
okay I'm taking up with good
troubleshoot this bit for metalli where
he's gonna he thinks he can actually hit
on girls patella can hit on girls no
matter what can I get a close-up of that
yeah Oh whoo whoo whoo I freaking love
these things dude I want to get one of
these on my house but imagine that
greeting you that room you're all you're
home buddy yeah oh yeah happy is
do it so I can't lie to you guys we went
back to Batali's and passed out passed
out
that's alright because you want to find
your girl right yeah she denied me with
acne let's see you let's find her again
I look different now she gonna be here
you don't think so no well maybe the
patellas trying to wrap a video up my
family's landing like any minute
we slept almost I don't know three hours
I'd say I feel so much better guys feel
better sorry to be short vlog they
haven't feeling
so I'll Vitaly starting to look pretty
I'm gonna check your micro just hold
still okay just hold still it's fun I
just want to look like I'm doing
something I'm not doing anything you
guys on pics yeah dude how did that just
happen
dude I understand like people with acne
and stumbling but I don't know she
denied me because of acne in the morning
or my glasses poisoning but dude I got
her number I think I think you got a
number just cuz they felt she felt sorry
for you please dude it's gonna be beast
like another mini golden key prank right
it is it is gold digger lucky bastard
like you like Thank You roaming filming
what was that
roaming such a she's such a good film I
guys if you want a high Roman Roman has
availability there's so much free time
like I can just like literally my
family's at the airport right now they
just landed on the wall he's feeling a
bit small I'm filming for you that's how
dedicated I am because we fell in love
well I think we did we in LA we're in
love natural born lovers where we go to
Vegas next time we're gonna get married
getting gas for the ninth time today I'm
saying gas
this thing kills the gas with Batali's
lead foot heavy foot pedal to the metal
attitude ridiculously ready to go now
when we're getting gas
Brittany and the kids landed at the
airport and she's literally about to
over are so the family just got here
they had to come to battalion so I can
get all my stuff and go to our new place
but they don't know I'm waiting here so
i dude oh my gosh she looks so cool I
love it Batali's you brought your
kiddies those have been those were
bought in LA and then they went to Ohio
now they're back in LA
look at these skateboards you like nice
happy looks great I love it okay guys
we're here what do you think is this our
new place
Lala looks comfy ah oh this is super
comfy beds ten feet for ten papers he's
got a huge closet yeah what do you think
dude you excited I bump my leg laughing
about it so we're here we're at our new
place it feels really good it feels
great my favorite people in the world
are here with me now I guess for new
viewers there's probably a lot of yours
over the last three weeks that don't
even know that I have kids and a family
so welcome to know Atwood and keen
Atwood my beautiful girl so good that
you're here baby you guys all got to
give her a lot of credit for getting
these two monsters through the whole
airports get them on planes getting them
to LA no okay I'm supposed to leave at
10:30 get to the air I get him up at
7:00 we get to the airport and it was
delayed and delayed and we was gonna
determine action and then how to
reschedule and then go home and then
come back it was what we're here now
we're all together I could not be more
relaxed I'm so happy all right guys
thanks for coming to our new place I'm
gonna cut this vlog off I'm just gonna
get some like night time with my family
and we will start fresh tomorrow and
pretty much our new world our new lives
here so I'm gonna bring you along the
movie starts soon so get ready for some
great vlogs man I'm so excited about it
but I'm gonna shut down and hang out
kids and Britt for a little while I love
you I will see you tomorrow thanks for
coming along on this crazy journey
don't forget smile mwah take this where
are you going
