yo yo yo it's another day I'm getting a
very late start today Cain and I well
yeah Cain and I Liam I got a shoulder
for withdrawal I can't we can't go pick
up Noah without him passing out every
single time so we're headed to get Noah
right now from school everybody say
cheese cheese
Cain's a chi so with you guys we got to
get ready all ready - ready - ready
am i wearing this throw this man your
king your dress you got to catch it
do it like you just did you ready watch
Noah
no-one's sleepy today you're not that's
good cuz you're playing a game we just
got the Noah soccer game it's just like
his last game I think he's got a couple
of hours
well Monday it's parents verse the team
was that's gonna be fun yeah you guys
won again every single game that's right
what'd you get what'd you get me I'm
just kidding I don't want any haha good
job buddy
I love you have fun tonight
what Noah's team is undefeated today was
their last game I think
think so well I know Monday it's parents
verse kids that's gonna be oh that's
gonna be a blast and uh I I think that's
their last name I don't know I don't
even know what you like me I'm a
terrible parent but no one left us he's
going to see a outdoor movie with my mom
and dad hey hey
you look like you feel good pretty lazy
day we just got home
drop it good boy boom a bird poop yeah
hey you got me yeah yeah I might get you
let me get one for you blow hard ah
Zeus we'll play with a ball all day all
night as long as you throw it he will go
get it
alright Oh Zeus now you're stuck outside
again yeah this dog this is what he does
every time he gets warm at all he just
shot it could be the middle of winter
he'll just jump in the water
you gonna splash us
is he gonna splashes all right guys
let's get into some Q and a I just
posted on Twitter ask me any question
that I haven't answered before so we're
gonna start going through those if I can
do this with little rock star here I got
him a bowling game on his iPad today and
now it's all he it's now it's all he's
doing
I think I just I think I should just
start with this one right off the bat
and that is updates on the movie updates
on natural born pranksters our new prank
movie that's going to it's going to be
crazy
the only updates that I have is it looks
like we're shooting the movie actually
filming the movie mid-july as of now
it's all pre-production I'll be flying
out the first week of June for a month
to LA working on just the details I'm
actually directing the movie so I have
to be there for all the details of the
pranks and working out how they're going
to work and how we're going to shoot
them and the angles and there's even
possible talk of me moving the entire
family to LA for almost three months so
I'll let you guys know obviously you'll
know if we do that but that's like new
talk I don't know if it's gonna actually
happen but it sounds like we're actually
going to be moving for a few months to
LA besides that the movie has some
massive special appearances and I cannot
give any names out unfortunately very
very big names well-known you'll know
who they are and you're gonna be so
excited to see them in our movie it's
pretty incredible it's insane I can't
say anything else but the movies rolling
we're getting really close to film time
we might have to go to LA for a few
months yeah baby
hey Kane somebody tweeted and asked me
if you could say boo yeah and yeah yeah
all right there you guys go there's
probably 50 tweets for those two words
so our house is destroyed
this kid's gonna be a star and he's
gonna take my position in another month
another week I thought this question was
kind of cool
and that is how we got Zeus it's
actually kind of a cool story I had been
looking for a German Shepherd for I've
been looking for a German Shepherd for
like a year they were really expensive
and I was super poor at that time I have
any money so my brother was like why
won't you just why don't you just post
an ad on Craigslist saying that you want
a German Shepherd so I did I posted an
ad it wasn't an hour later this guy
emailed me and he's like yo if you want
to make the drive I'll give you a full
bred puppy German Shepherd it's like a
two-hour drive right yeah bucks worth so
this is a picture of Zeus the day we got
him his ears weren't even propped up you
see you see ZZ eiga he was a he was a
big cube big cutie they're starting to
stand out he's so cute look at them big
old feet we should have known he's gonna
be trouble I'm probably gonna get a lot
of flack for answering this but it's a
what is your favorite sport believe it
or not Brittany and I do not watch a
single sport it's crazy we don't watch
actually we don't even have TV in our
house the only reason we have this TV is
for movies that we either rent or
PlayStation so we don't even have cable
TV we really don't use it for anything
but the PlayStation and movies that's it
what got you into vlogging that's a good
question actually my really good friend
Jesse from B F first GF and prankvsprank
he's actually the one that told me I
don't know it feels like years ago he
told me that I should start vlogging
he was like that's your next cane you
little monster
you better stuff he was the pink ball
there you go yeah
anyway yeah Jesse was actually the one
that told me just that I should start
vlogging and I went like probably two
years without ever taking his advice but
I started it I enjoyed seeing you guys
his feedback every day instead of once a
week on the price it's just it's just a
cooler experience for us and Brittany
just came along for the ride yeah was
just whatever Roman does I got a deal
with ya what got a deal with his is crap
expression this s actually it's asked a
lot because uh pretty much I'm always
with Vitaly I think this is why I get
Tesla have you ever smoked weed believe
it or not I have smoked weed when I was
in high school that was over ten years
who have a smoke since Britney smoked
when she was in high school and actually
neither one of us even smoked cigarettes
so I I think did smoke cigarettes when I
was in high school for like a year yeah
I tried cigarettes in high school I
hated it I mean I could never do it hurt
my throat I could never do it and yeah
honestly I haven't smoked since I it's
been it's been forever so I'm both of
them which is funny because we were in
the Bahamas we got a lot of comments
because there was a lighter on the
coffee table
that was from my custom GoPro strap I
melted the Rope on the GoPro strap and
also for candles during board games
that's it we love our thing yeah I don't
have anything against weed and I don't
have anything against people to smoke
weed it's actually really funny to watch
people smoke weed
it just wasn't for me I couldn't do it I
just scared all the time it just wasn't
for me I never liked it I'm way more
productive and creative without weed so
yeah Brittany just slept so let's move
on favorite place I've ever been
hands down I always say this is the same
thing every time
Egypt I absolutely loved Egypt last year
we went and pranked at the pyramids
I don't know if anybody in history has
got the prank at the pyramids that's
probably a one-time thing
it was beautiful most amazing place it
was like flying to another planet it was
it was so different a real quickly on
this one when are we getting the live
stream for the fishtank todd actually
called me today and said he's a couple
weeks probably maybe two weeks he's
going to have the camera set up in the
aquarium so crossing our fingers that
that goes smoothly I have a feeling this
one is just still going to take some
time also we don't even know if we can
stream on YouTube it might have to be a
external web site so we're working on
that from Michael Dyer is ramen good at
board games last time I think I won at
monopoly but he did win it the clue that
we played the other night Oh
clue that's that's a good one I think
what she's saying is that I win
sometimes I lose sometimes all right
let's move on let's this okay are you
going to be at VidCon that's a that's a
good I think as of now we will be there
Brittany and I both will be there if
something changes of course I'll tell
you guys and also I will definitely
announce officially that I'm going to
VidCon coming up soon our court date for
the stupid ATM prank is June 24th and
that is the official date I don't
believe it can be changed again it's
already been moved so many times so I'm
hoping to have all my soldiers there and
Vitaly Dennis myself I can announce the
court date on all our channels so
hopefully we'll ever want to be there
the news channels are going to be there
FOX NBC is going to be there it's going
to be really cool so I'm really excited
about it
pumped I think I should be there handing
out stickers to all the soldiers yeah
actually
everybody that shows up to our court
date we have small more bracelets for
you I don't know if we have stickers to
give away as of now but we do have the
rubber smile more bracelets we're going
to give away to everybody so that's
going to be a lot of fun everybody
saying come please please come to
Australia everybody like
I will need I think it's because I said
how bad I want to go guys everybody in
Australia I'm dying dying be at
Australia like Britney and I've been
looking into trips and it's it's gonna
happen it's just I'm so busy right now
with so many things and we gotta get the
movie done first jake asks why do you
have so much swag do you make it I don't
even I'm not even sure I know a swag
like can we look up swag what is swag
jump Wow good okay so here is swag this
is the I'm not sure everybody knows what
swag means because now let me just read
it to you this is Google what is swag a
curtain or a piece of fabric fastened so
as to hangin a drooping curve she's nuts
like it's like a drooping curtain is
swag in formal definition of swag would
be money or goods taken by a thief or a
burglar so okay so uh maybe he's saying
like what I like everything in our house
is stolen right why do we have so much
swag oh maybe so yeah yeah I guess I
don't know CeCe alright guys that's all
we got for you today I know this is a
slow vlog for you but you know how these
vlogs are one day it's hot one day it's
not what I have you guys enjoyed it we
got to get this kid to bed now say
night-night
he's like are you on a bed are you
saying night ain't giving it alright we
love you guys tomorrow get up early and
filming all day for the new prank I
better have up on Sunday I'm gonna be
really mad at myself
if it's not up on Sunday so Sunday
morning look for the prank of course
tomorrow I'll tell you if it's going up
or not I love you guys this is enough
talking I'm sure you're sick of my voice
by now I love you I will see you
tomorrow don't forget how awesome you
are
smile more I can just whack Britannian
yeah
okay guys mom or so let me show you what
we're doing here today guys we have we
have a gas station pump hot props props
props and we're gonna be sticking this
