what up guys hope you're having a
beautiful day I want to start today's
vlog with telling you that Brittany and
the kids are only two days away we got
our place to live and they're coming out
here so if you miss them they're gonna
be here really soon
I can't wait and we're gonna start some
snapchat you want to see for those of
you that don't have snapchat I want to
show you what how what we're doing a
really nice nap but you just woke me up
ah Vitaly disappeared back here like 20
minutes ago are you in here yeah what's
up what are you doing
I'm cleaning you don't need this no it's
good free though it's good free
the tallies been gone a couple minutes
what is that oh here's all the fruits
and vegetables did here they are you're
gonna be really proud to know that the
tally started his diet today and what's
in your pocket what what is that what is
that good
somebody said we're just trying to be
goofy and have fun for you guys all
right let's hit the road so we're out on
the streets finally the road dude you
guys are digging this thing I can't
believe have you seen the tweets Italian
yeah they love the snapchat IQ how they
added me at the tally City TV no it's
not a blog it's like classic dude it's
not a book yeah I'm pretty sure you guys
all follow both of us and you guys are
digging it like I was so nervous to
start snapchat I thought it was just for
like what we just doing regular natural
stuff and you guys loved it
yes great it is great we are headed to
our our office right now just real quick
because tomorrow is gonna be a fun day
where you guys happy where you going to
the water park we got we got inspired by
our our cliff diving video to go do
another adventure so we're gonna go to
one of the biggest water parks near Los
Angeles
city looks so nice blue skies shiva
yashka will you pronounce that good I
say it right Chiba - get that booty
though
that booty though what do you just what
do you wanna say I want to say and
you're gonna be excited - it's Tuesday
get chinta very oft I'm in charge 11 did
you guys it up kitchen I know it's me if
thou follow that would be Monday that
would be Monday yeah but today's show go
oooh this is not good this is not good
it starts tomorrow for sure
what does fall into it what are we gonna
do with him I don't - somebody needs to
talk to him how is it bro Oh their phone
this
okay let me dressed well these are
really hot ones light ones light you
people already know that you can do that
yeah watch them on do something behind
to that okay okay okay
give me four give me four oh my
girlfriend's here hello oh my MA my
girlfriend's more important what you
guys gonna start dating for real
mmm we already are but we just have to
like keep it really secret already give
me help shops can become Atrocitus you
hear it's here and you've never done oh
go go go go Oh begin before dude keeps
you up yeah I just gotta warm up I don't
know this forever
Oh bye that's it hope they want to see
her they want to do her that it was fun
you what what come on V dog you know how
hard it is to not knock these over every
day they're always here
Oh God
that rip did you just clean I'm proud of
you eating fresh tuna fresh too I'm
sorry when exactly does the does the
diet start tomorrow because yesterday
was tomorrow it's wooden yesterday be
tomorrow today yeah we're going we're
going to go watch a movie 22 Jump Street
you guys you've already seen it three
times the freaks Jimmy tetras in it and
we're gonna go to jail video with him
tomorrow
yeah tomorrow shooting I uh actually
sketch with Jimmy Tatro one of the
leaders yeah
what is his sketch no it's question no
question free Q&A yes whatever it does
it is not important you guys will see it
you guys will see it we're gonna go see
this movie I'm the only one that hasn't
seen it
crazy animal don't get cheap don't get
you I bought your movie ticking he bit
me and I see oh I know you want like I
got all I got this for all of us I want
sure all just at least get two more
strong daddy daddy
Ellison daddy let's go
what movie theater I don't know bro
you've been here before I mean that's
the first time I've ever had fans jump
on me for your junkie it was tackled yes
I know
now let's get out it let's go okay get
Go Go we're late we're late
hi yo you guys alright yes booty was
fantastic this is a really cool area did
it's called The Grove this is the Grove
good damn view look at the water park
tomorrow for me yeah bright and early
bright and early like noon nobody I
don't know if I'm gonna be able to get
up that early a ride our ride
okay so here just let me do it let me do
it oh that's it oh you did it
she go back to Vito's and it's time for
some pizza there's no more really land
on your foot you're over-exaggerating
mother actor what time is it good peanut
butter what is in your hand choose
that's just cheese oh I don't know that
is just no it's a new invention
ah all right you didn't see Tony to Jump
Street I absolutely loved it did and
actually one of the guys that's in the
movie to do with the red mohawk invited
roosters his name invited us over to do
a video with him tomorrow so we're gonna
go do that after the water park sits
well as long is gonna be intense water
park all day bill man a productive
productive work work work alright guys
that's all I got for you today nothing
too exciting tomorrow's gonna be a blast
we're going we're gonna have fun dude
where we going or what
oh yeah I got a drag this guy I already
tell I'm gonna have to fight for this
alright guys I love you I will see you
tomorrow thanks for hanging out thanks
for liking the videos as always I'll see
you tomorrow
don't forget to smile then we're gonna
do some Omega here we go we're going on
omegle right now we're about to hit it
boom here we go
