what's up guys how are you doing what
you gonna ask me what what am i doing
I'm just uh Brittany and I just been
standing here looking at dicks all day
for at least the last hour literally
just been looking at dicks this just
screams get kids love dicks no way oh my
gosh so weak yeah I can only do like 80
or 90 at a time
after that I get really tired you know
what I'm tired of on try to these
companies taking my pictures ain't not
paying me for it
they just Photoshop my face off that's
all they do
it's it was this guy you know how to use
it yeah
the mall is so busy today see back in my
high school days when I was younger I
would have scared the bejesus out of
that woman sleeping but now it's like
it's mean it's so mean I hate growing up
why does it get mean as you get older
but when you're a kid it's hilarious
it's the funniest thing in the world
it'd still be funny to me but I know you
guys been mad I'm here looking at gas
cans and there's just a hoe laying on
the floor
that was a badge sorry guys sorry just
got to beat the rain man it's been like
every time the my yard dries it rains so
I haven't been on a mow the lawn for I
don't know it's starting to look pretty
embarrassing at my house so I got ammo
today no matter what no matter what
Brittany wants to drive through new car
well this one these right here right
like that little thing
it's kind of cool it's kind of it's kind
of cool I like it just little Cherokee
on this wait for like the car salesman
sir chasing us hi come on they're coming
they're coming
George come on come on let's go you need
to take this serious dirty on the other
one do you want to buy a car today no we
don't
so go they're gonna they're gonna sell
you a car you gotta run oh my god this
is why I don't belong doing handyman
type of work I just bought two cycle oil
which goes into five gallons I put the
whole bottle in a 1.25 gallon so now
it's like solid oil I suck at this stuff
so simple so now I'm filling my 5-gallon
straggler yes yeah hey blue
there we got better like that while I
was mowing I seen this caterpillar
factory I have to show you guys it look
at all of them wonder how many there are
whole tree it's got captain tillers on
them feels good to be done with that
yard as a big freakin yard mow I can be
dinner yeah
thanks Alan ah this kid is round up
every night like 9 o'clock he gets crazy
why I've just been sitting here doing
nothing
Oh crash and burn did look guys the
couch is all clean no more PUD daddy
mommy wrecked the couch it's all fixed
the guys came over and cleaned it all up
oh yeah you guys are probably wondering
today why aren't you supposed to be
filming a prank Roman I was Tom Tom made
the guy film some of my favorite pranks
we've ever done with he he ended up
having some last minute issues so he is
coming tomorrow we are filming for sure
tomorrow great prank I can't wait to see
how it comes out I know you guys were
waiting patiently did somebody send that
just to you holy moly
it's your new chair what is all that
cane good job Oh big bat
all right so Veronica went to the post
office today you guys are killing that
mailbox holy crap this is just literally
like today
this giant box that giant box my
goodness gracious
post offices part like one of these
people do what are you doing hey once
you open this big box this is the cane
out one woah big box Christmas boy I
know this is from Jonathan oh my gosh oh
my gosh it's the giant roll of bubble
wrap yeah oh my gosh I already know
exactly what we're doing
oh look how wide it is we can roll it
all out and he can skateboard across it
yeah that's a pretty awesome gift
Jonathan I know for a fact this kid's
gonna play on this this is crazy
hey hey what's in that look look super
brand new swimming pool get me you are
good yeah he sends us B drop oh what's
on there please watch this video sent a
smile wrong no sweetest bit
Big Daddy oh like Swedish Fish Oh
Britney uh-oh
that's an explosive device okay this is
yours pull it out of there see what it
is and this is Noah's we have to wait
for Noah what is it
by a badger it's a body yeah you'd
better let mommy help you get it out oh
wow show daddy show all the viewers you
gotta say say hey say thanks Alex
Dean dad not dally big shout-out Alex
Cave did you says so much stuff we're
still opening stuff to get here yeah
nice and meet you
those are awesome did his mom's gonna be
pissed
Alex you steal this tree mom what's
going on here these are actually really
awesome they're they're just iPhone
Chargers like he has C sent us all three
for all the iPhones Android
hey with this bike and their Chargers
but they're also bracelets and he said
that he can get a smile more once
I think that's pretty freakin cool but
you guys want small more bracelets to
charge your phone that's like two and
one
yeah that's two and one that's awesome
dude he left the phone number I guess we
can call him and get more information
damn 624 Thailand those are BOTS their
money is called BOTS
I believe sends us t-shirts kid like a
flirt hey little flappy bird little
flappy bird button up dude haha
it's cute I sent you some Swiss
chocolate hope you like it lots of love
Fabian from Switzerland wow your battery
like on oh man
hello right here Big Daddy dangerous for
cane this one's yours
did you know who's gonna love every
single one of these no these are awesome
yeah you gonna read oh let me see these
are awesome thank you so much look at
this look at these they're like not
awesome some of them aren't even open
here Noah's gonna flip yeah who's that
from hope there's more don't more this
book is from Brittany sorry if I spelled
it wrong
oh okay it's for you oh this is yeah
is it a journal no it's a book oh that's
cute uh-huh
it's a spot-on image of me that is a
spot-on image David Oh ster Lou David Oh
slow hope I'm saying that right man
you've got an incredible story here that
you've sent me I'm gonna put you
together a really nice package man it's
coming your way we're gonna mail it out
to you so hang in there man
keep your head up you're awesome
probably somebody ordered from them I
don't think the actual company sent it
but they sent us 12 fart bombs you guys
know what those are the bags you pop
poof what like that huh I'll tell you
right now I love the stamps man this is
definitely coming in from Australia got
this the fishies the oh man I want to
get all straight so bad it's not even
funny I love your vids keep it up i
watch your video to become but if I did
I wouldn't be subbed in everything oh
good fair enough
love the fish tank it looks awesome with
the corals please put this in your video
I want to see it no I'm not put it in no
it won't be in here it's not gonna be in
the video yeah that's awesome and
incredible you know it's crazy always
dreamed to have a logo like people would
draw all the time and look we constantly
get drawings of the logo it's an
absolutely insane
Tim sends an entire book and I was
looking at like a book what's always
send me a book you know I don't like to
read but he says actually parts that are
inspired by him and he actually wrote
about me
jack and vitaly in the book it's pretty
cool I'm gonna have to uh have to read a
little bit yeah thanks to small more
snow man he's happy is that a suit man
yeah yeah me you and Daddy that's
awesome thanks jake smith dog homie this
is a pretty official you continue to
inspire those around you the very legit
Locksley
I think I hailed it a hamster is gonna
come out of there
ah since dear Romanov I want to thank
you for your videos and vlogs I look
forward to them every day you and your
family are so much fun to hang out with
you truly are a great example to
everyone I wish there was more people in
the world like you know you're always so
positive and so is your family you've
definitely made an impact on my life
your smile more stuff is brilliant keep
up the logs enjoy the brownie Oh did
something come out of here I think
you're just giving people yeah oh start
choking me not oh you don't want what is
right now smella
stop oh my gosh Michael Stevens son
Michael Steve a son nice guy
nice-looking guy man that's a
good-looking guy say it all these
awesome people whoa not this this must
be their Curious George so I got swedish
fish from another person not from Sweden
and I got actual Swedish candy here
that's awesome all right we got here
that's heavy
oh I knew I smelled something Oh what is
that it's it's a pitbull pacifier oh my
god you like it yeah when I open it as I
smell something these antlers what
that's something that's a moose antler
my god you think this is gonna do I had
no idea I know you guys sent us the
antler says we saw your family in your
dog Zeus and have a product that will
solve Zeus is power chewing issues
Acadie antlers they're bucking great Wow
your lamb shirt
well our good friends lamp a pair of
cheesy shirts oh my gosh you guys don't
know who lamp apparel is they're the
ones that make half the shirts I wear I
love their shirts but uh and they make
our Roman soldier shirt
they keep sending me all in you every
single time they get a new they get an
um sweet I've never seen this it's a new
Roman soldier shirt it's got the RS oh
that's awesome it's for me hardly home
always represent oh that's awesome that
is me that is you we should set up a
Christmas tree somewhere in the house
where we put all our fan mail and then
like once a week or so we should open
all cuz it looks like Christmas morning
it is so much stuff mccrory that's like
a mix between Cain and Noah No
we know it's Kenny cause he's saying
yeah feature this in the vlog
okay so Ariel it's nineteen she's going
through chemo happen but trying to stay
positive I have no idea what's just
don't work
he got what but I don't know it's my dog
pee yeah so she's got a tough story to
write yeah she just finished in chemo
she said she's doing chemo oh man
but um just wants to say how great you
are how great I am
you're greater than me you're going
through you're tough toughest steel can
you say booyah for christiane sabo yeah
yeah that was this whole request asking
christian wanna came to say boo yeah
yeah no he's gonna be saying it on i
don't know how to say your name but you
said please share this in the vlog you
got it you got it
I know small more there's so many like
heart-touching letters here guys like
this one that comes in from Ricky he's
15 he uh in January 2013 he had a heart
attack he's only 15 years old and I'm
really starting to realize that uh this
smile more thing is really touching a
lot of people and dude Ricky I don't
even know where to start man he says how
do you guys eat so many ribs it's
incredible he has to get a heart
transplant I don't want to get into the
whole story but Ricky dude you're
awesome thank you so much for for
letting our videos inspire you to just
keep going and you ended your letter
with don't forget to smile more that is
so important man good for you sometimes
I just want to measure guys's names
yeah yeah yeah I don't want to mess up
this must be meat uh-huh definitely yes
has made himself in guys at the
firehouse laughs I get that a lot too
fireman watch the pranks big-time yeah
my uncle's are our big up they uh
certain fire departments and they said
they all watch the price all the time so
this guy started a business handling
emergency medical standby services and
he's offered to he's offered his
services for free for our film
production without charge we want it
that's pretty cool dude I will
definitely send this letter uh to the
guys producing our movie this is like a
glow-in-the-dark ball or something for
Zeus oh yeah
max oh yeah from Courtney Simpson you
guys killed us holy crapoly there's
still so much it's in a pool rings books
shirts candies USB drives USB chargers
um
I can't imagine what next week brace
what will be here next week as always
guys our p.o box is in the description
of this video if you want to send stuff
I kind of want to see what Zeus is going
to do with this this moose antler
alright guys that's all I got for you
today tomorrow I'm taking you along with
me
to pull an awesome prank it's gonna
happen tomorrow
I'm tired of waiting I'm getting
impatient I'm getting impatient and I
just want to tell you guys you're the
best viewers in the world
nobody has viewers like this you guys
are killing it so much males so much the
sport support we love you
I can't believe I opened the door to let
Zeus in there's freaking bugs all over
no I don't know what to do oh we love
you thanks so much for watching don't
forget he's smiling smile more you're
awesome
