what up guys good morning i Batali's
almost home he's gonna be here any time
and as you seen in the vlog yesterday I
filled his fridge with pudding that's
right the whole thing is full of pudding
so I'm waiting for them to get here so
that I can show you the reaction I have
a feeling he already knows there's tons
of people posted whatever it's still
gonna be funny
I've also I want to announce that I just
started my snapchat I finally started a
snapchat so I can do live vlogs through
the day for you guys so you have to wait
a whole day to see what's going on you
can just grab me there my name is
obviously just Roman Atwood I'll put at
the very top the description of this
video
I'm just excited for Vitaly to get home
like I want to I want to film him
getting his pudding and just missing I
so Batali's just taking way too long I
decided to go grab some lunch and uh
this city is making it hard to want to
go back home man chanita I just need to
get my family out here all so wait from
Italian his mom just showed up I hate
drama
honestly I hate Go Go look right now you
know he's gonna eat all that you miss
him how was it how was your flight I was
your trip it was great 30 hour layover
ready to work 30 app yes I'm ready
filthy like right now I'm ready how
about you buddy how was your trip I
survived this guy she's gonna come fall
yeah yeah yeah I got you drinks in the
fridge oh yeah the drinks I know I know
you
oh did you see my pictures how fat I was
look look look I love I drink so much
PNA was all beer look I'm not as fat as
those look in the picture the pictures
you like it what your guys everything
I'm number one of like two hundred
puddings do huh how many collars each
room a big animal I got you I got you a
couple who's gonna be fittest no no no
no I got him some fat-free one see a
flat-screen salut even worsse
more they were gonna kill those all week
we're gonna beat moves
alright we're four down poor Dan is dead
what is true new sheets bro any sheets
none of those the sex doll even better
oh you asshole I don't know dude it all
the actual shoes is from the run how
that field is how did it feel before
great Heather
remember that running out on like soccer
players like what do I do what a dork
he's just giving the kids a getaway dude
oh I was just I was mine
you didn't think I'd also do it I knew
you were doing it because you were
texting me that you were doing it like I
knew you were gonna do it but man you
know what I'm actually seen it when I
actually seen it I was like you ended
nah he's the winner America security
that was our biggest fear I don't know
how you did and then you had so much
time you're like out on the field for I
know a few people told me that I could
he was just starting to run up you
should have liked down the worm it's
just I don't ever just like sitting down
when I run through them the cat sitting
down I can't believe it we're now doing
a funny Instagram for Batali's Instagram
I'm putting today a fun really good no
oh you guys are animals
here's a barback our getting out the
apartment today I don't feel like even
left I think you're gonna stab us know
who anyway we're headed to check in
Jules I did I didn't go here without you
house here this whole time
everyone's a jack-and-jill spins outside
plays get told me like I want to get
some steak houses there's a good steak
house for you oh yes phone cover is the
picture of you and head every single
time I come here this guy is sitting on
this park bench every single day he's
sitting there you guys want to go in and
get him like a nice dinner like a big
dinner yeah how could you can ya get him
a big chicken dinner cuz he's always
there baby's nice really he doesn't get
when you give him money he doesn't take
the money he only takes food he's a
he'll take good yeah let's get him a big
dinner it's gonna make them grow brother
want a nice dinner my man hot chicken
corn bread salad cheese something
slimming a
thanks a lot enjoy it you know it come
on he's always hanging out here so yeah
anybody that comes to jack-and-jill
should hook that guy up cuz he's here
like all the time so nice get to the
mall do anything Kelly's a brand new
freaking laptop just took a dump so
we're gonna go see if we can get that
fix ain't that right I forbid we go two
hours without eating like chocolate is
this part of your diet aids 9 snack oh
my god is that white chocolate
oh we don't need for we're fighting for
but I would be Portland right away what
are these things called truffles yeah
bouquet of strawberries half healthy
half chocolate that's not bad
wait is it ice cream it's so good
no I don't want I don't want it how
about I'm have to get a wagon to start
pulling you Oh watch this all blurry
oh yeah that's me that's me you guys
right cool I'm going yep - OH
oh my god did you did hang on guys we're
witnessing something really crazy here
I'm gonna die look more starting to diet
for sure like no excuses no more no more
excuses tell the guys
make that videos yeah what's up man hey
Don Andrew didn't meet you man yeah did
you don't want to go this way you don't
want to go this way Oh camera shy yeah
can I so much did mom a mom I gotta go
I'm gonna go targets just full of fans
tonight
oh yeah everywhere yeah she got Frank
what chill girl oh yeah she backed by
your gimmick well I got it I got a new
one coming to a longer one you show me
you guys this is my stuff right here
well since I'm starting tonight smarter
look this one cooker tonight throw up on
the rotisserie yeah where are we gonna
put oh this food with all that pudding
in your fruit we got to find new fridge
or because we're I mean we're in target
I will make it work
push that pudding into your bedroom on
you know nearby you where you can sleep
good all right we're back into tallies
and sacrifices have to be made to a big
space for food a lot of people are gonna
ask what is the best shopping cart in
our apartment is where everybody dies
cuz in LA there's actually shopping
carts in apartments at least in this one
yet
oh really yeah I've never seen this in a
house ever ever yeah yeah so yeah
there's like shopping carts around the
apartment you just grab one brand up to
your room put it back whatever oh yeah
we're making room this is too much
puddin alright guys wrapping up my blog
I want to let you know that the the
sketch I did with bad weather films is
up it's I think people are taking it
seriously they actually think it's my
acting reel so go check it out and show
your love if you got time I'll put it in
the description of this video I'm also I
started a snapchat I'm gonna try to do
like daily lively vlogs we'll see what
happens but add me on there it's just my
name Roman Atwood I'll put that in the
description and I think the brand new
prank I put with Britney is up by the
time you're seeing this if it is you
know what to do I love you guys thanks
for the support thanks for coming along
thanks for just being part of this fun
little journey I'll see you guys
tomorrow
until then smile more it's so beautiful
oh hey Louie are
