what hey hey this is my character I'll
be playing today dork Atwood
yeah kind of digging this what you guys
this is Sam from bad weather
this is Peter we're about to just have a
funnel fashion sketch day I haven't done
this forever this is actually where I
started on YouTube with sketching so I'm
excited have you ever seen my own
sketches
so this is perfect this is perfect we're
doing acting real for me today which is
supposed to be comical hopefully people
just don't believe that it's real acting
yeah you said it
yeah I haven't done a sketch together
probably in three years close to it do
we go got the mood lighting this is
getting pretty sexual um I was just
wearing on werewolf costume and now we
just need the audio here we go ready
that sounds like scooby-doo does just
playing this crazy werewolf character
and now I'm covered in hair like I think
I ate half that costume is everywhere we
just got to YouTube space in LA we're
going to shoot some scenes here I'm glad
that you brought the helicopter dude
I've always wanted to do a whole scene
that's gonna be great pretty good yes I
don't know how you landed that so you're
the guy I'm fighting today yes I am I
totally unfair
talking fair because everybody's
everybody knows I'm a white belt though
so we'll see what happens everybody
knows Asians in this kind of outfit
exactly it's gonna kill just the normal
way exactly all right you got tattoos
pretty intimidating me criminal I'm a
criminal out getting over exactly
kung-fu master
this is honestly the first bathroom I've
ever been into in America that men and
women share the same bathroom
interesting today you will die today it
is your turn to see what will happen I
will do that for all of its focus so
horribly what is it like a the money
needed no shit like that you'll dump
your Roman let's just not yeah yeah
because you guys just awesome okay then
after that what's gonna happen is we're
gonna do shots where we zoom in here
like each leg turn to each other and
then you're gonna do all right cool
let's do more time Vito I already can't
yeah
oh shit oh that's more like it
burger you're crazy I'm sweaty
so at this point we're going to be
astronauts we're going through like all
these different scenes a love story to
Crotty fight two astronauts and
basically making me look terribly good I
keep that on
no keep the tags on living on every man
I think it'd be hilarious to keep the
title and after we shoot this we can
flip and we're both looking this way we
can see the front of the ship like and
say we have can we have you guys like
this be the back that was you guys yeah
I wish I was just move the ship five
Nazis I can't captain it's stuck
pull harder they won't it's broken so
this is your next outfit um the scene
I'll be playing a place like a big
sports sports caster yeah number seven
so in this scene I play a quarterback
superstar and that's right
his obsessive agent invaders a terrible
terrible contract negotiator basically
Bobo do you want to give me the biggest
contract in NFL history ha ha ha hey man
40 minutes told reven it up for 40
minutes pending record don't quarrel it
takes it takes half hour 40 minutes I'll
just stop it I can't do that Dollaz ha
ha Danny enough money went away to the
highest-paid player in NFL history baby
look he did another best for the best
I want like 1,600 Super Bowls all right
we're just wrapping up we're shooting
the end card for bad weathers video dude
it was awesome
it's right so much fun guys Rowen 2014
nice smelling 2014 that's coming up oh
yes um that was quite the experience
that was quite the experienced
hop in pop into my my room
this is it's free screen below and
choose either black and white or color
make sure your eyes are even with the
horizontal line whatever anyone what are
we looking at the work I don't know to
what a free free photobooth free photo
booth no you just can't you can't you
have to do it way are you coming with us
I'll get in there with you squeeze up
your black and white or color oh the
toilet for one like your if it looks
like this purple looking different spots
these are awesome
see Britney and eyes oh boy
one's cool so we just got to a place
called the counter and you build your
own burger all these options and you
just go through and check what you want
spicy pickles for that food blog
I don't even waiting on it we all got
custom burgers I really didn't get much
just onions look got anything get some
eggs yeah I almost wet my eggs what is
this it's a chicken
feta cheese sandwich tastes like and
Britney got the classic cheeseburger
that's it sorry nobody's judging you I
feel pretty good I'm about to have this
waitress right here here what a winky
face on it I hear you guys about to ask
her out
he's about to ask her out right there
gotta go thank you
that was good dude
I think she's gonna call hey just got
back to the apartment and we are kind of
went out for some reason I'm gonna take
a quick nap what happened
bit your lip I better check it out I on
a serious note I'm gonna grab a quick
nap I'm tired I promise the pee pee I'll
see you guys in one second ready
let's go like this sure time warm whoa
what just happened I'll tell you what
just having britain√≠s slept like or
uppers I'm so jealous right now I've
been doing pranks all day long and I'm
tired
oh yeah such a tough life we are going
out to have some fun - my hopefully just
fond no problems in trouble yeah we
shouldn't get into too much trouble
right yeah so here we go I just called
uber we're on our way
well we got the SUV boys whoo all right
so we're starting off the SLS let's do a
cheers guys let's do it cheers I can
barely see you but we're already
drinking
yeah exploit okay my viewers are going
to say who is that woman
so this is my girlfriend Alyssa don't be
shy don't be shy
yes thank you so Alissa gets to hang out
with Kevin everyday I only get sometimes
you know well that's cuz you're in Ohio
all the time what do you mean I'm always
here well now you are when you're in
town I never get to see oh this place is
crazy
I remove it on to the next location
I did one step on the flowers that's
right for a decent by the way when I say
the next ball were going to I should
probably talk - we're going to hold and
stone alright so we had to stop at a
Rite Aid's who threatened he could be he
why you always peeing like every vlog
she just pee I'm gonna go Picabo are
over this is fucking awesome
here we go
what is happening
ah Xing she's like huh she's like I lost
my cellphone
she knew come help me find it I was like
I know you were gone for like three
hours you go to her hotel room we did 45
seconds we're like weird Kevin go he's
been gone for like an hour
oh here we go oh my - best disappointed
minor my exercise of minor Xhosa woo
alright somehow some miracle some way we
ended up back in our apartment hey I'm
sorry guys we drank too much we did take
uber uber is the best we don't have to
drive thank you guys so much for coming
along today and for following us and
being a part of our lives we love you we
love you so much we do that it why
burping right guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget smile more right
yeah is that it
in OT tomorrow oh yes maman will see the
mom I love you guys SWA mono found this
place like there's no one
