okay welcome to the vlog guys we're out
here looking at first of all Dale
brought some nuke Dale my brother
manufactures all our cups so he made
four new colors so you got green orange
purple and what is this off red what is
it off a bunch of cups
okay there's red all right so it's
pretty much pink bright pink hot pink
hot pink we're gonna call it okay so
look this is this is super sick look at
that oh can you cup stack try it oh not
these like you can do the odd come on
wait how many cups do you need to stack
I think it's like it's a lot right it's
like a I don't know anything about
really moving on we've got wait what do
you mean listen we got what for me
because I'm okay great perfect
it is amazing Ron are 1 billion blacks
gonna painting you guys are so amazing
that you're killing me with all this
amazing zoo stuff but they're like
little I think they're donkeys they I
think oh wait those are slippers for
donkey or for Cora did you Chicka Chicka
Chicka ternoon it's amazing it's amazing
cleaner we got this giant fladeboe eagle
we have you busted out I figured I'd
just say that for a rainy day or a nice
song yeah
way okay come on slide down the hill oh
I like that that'd be fun
so we're out here and we've been getting
clean in that office for us and we have
all of this smile more art than you guys
send us and we've obviously done this
entire wall look at all the art but I
think we have enough to do another wall
don't you think this will do a whole
wall right look at all this art this
would be good for the bonfire I'm
kidding I wouldn't permit are you crazy
it doesn't say smile more but it's
beautiful I think it should still it
should still go in the yeah okay so you
guys sent us art and we find places for
it usually our wall so I think I think
we should just tackle that whole wall
back here yeah what if we do the whole
ceiling head injuries he'd love that a
day off from a head injury and right now
I'm busy my busy lady right here it's
just so busy look behind you look at
that guy is there anything we can do
with these stickers Wow
wow those are old old they say cranks oh
no Roman Atwood pranks okay just throw
one and every order easy breezy huh
you'd love to do that
if you have anything random laying
around they go in orders like that just
throw them in orders perfect oh those
are awesome
no it's perfect just put them in orders
it's perfect you guys should come out
here come on come here come on
I know it's cold Oh yo I heard a motor
and I thought it was the red bike
the big bike did you get it no it does
not I'm so excited I was so excited I
turned it on but this is a damn
she runs she's runnin nude I'm a gas
tank oh that's what a gas tank
that's super progress yeah yeah I hope I
helped film it dude I can't believe it's
running it's where's blowing dirt or is
that the fluid water
oh is that mud yeah from the pond yeah
Oh blowing out of the tailpipes so she
needs a little work but dude that's huge
progress that's huge front in case you
have no idea what we're talking about
this little guy country's responsible
for killing there's still water in it
there's still water in it he got the
bike running dude by the way don't look
behind you there's a small pony we still
got the original right here survivor
it's been in the pond how many times
three four times now still runs and now
it's faster than ever
put a little booster on it well you know
be in effect me you know we hired a new
mechanic yep panic hey chase was doing a
great job
you know we had it we had it up our our
game up so let's see it lets see it
give us some sport mode put it in sport
mode okay and you might want to back up
buddy
oh okay
boy he's got it yeah you're cruising oh
yeah you're late kid alright so we're
gonna fill it with fuel and actually try
to drive it as rain and we're just
looking for the EO and he came out I'm
gonna miss him
Wow there he is serious uh-oh he's out
out okay no way put on a show for you
guys he never comes out these guys are
like what was that what is there I see
him he's down there now hole always
moving yeah there he is that's a good
one there he is
what's up mr. e oh it's been so long so
we're working on this office back here
for an extra room that we're kind of
creating for something that that's so
simple so some looking like a cool desk
like I got like metal metal mask there's
no clutch
there is nothing but mud out there it's
like solid mud oh hell oh my god is a
solid dirt tires like a donut he's not a
pro like me she's back baby she's back
that is ridiculous do you good dude that
thing's nasty
tonton tenten tenten tenten cora
v baby have a girl just so what'd you
guys eat for snack oh my god almond
breeze O'Brien you need it in the
kitchen how do you knock these drawers
off there's something back there oh you
made it look so easy I would took me 45
minutes and probably need a new drawer
lay me down on the couch
you wanna lay on the couch my daddy need
help you lay on the couch we're flying
baby girl we've misplaced two cats how
do you misplace two cats biggish didn't
get shut in that room Kate are we flying
oh we came was like where's the cats and
like that's a really good question
I haven't seen them for a while I think
they got outside cats are tough even if
they're outside they're fine I promise
poor if you were a cat where would you
go we would be your spot
no way I'll see the cats there's a dog
and a donkey on the back porch
dang it donkey you went past the robe
flash where's the cats where's the kiss
just speaking What did he say
What did he say do we don't have to
bother long gone
I don't think they're Nair they use a
car when you shake food cats home what
they're calling poor kids are starting
to feel a little better
well there's the blob blobs all packed
up meet summer's over we're putting the
trampoline in tomorrow the water tramp
dude there's no cats imp
where's the cats I need answers kids
gonna be really disappointed if I don't
come back with a cat you help me nope
that's a direct no and he looks at you
like that you come with me let's go
let's go find some cats come on come on
dude I need your help y'all heard
something something over here - where
are they why don't you find a cat you
just want the cat food you don't even
care yeah I do not see a cat - cats I
don't see cats tonight ruin tux are
getting big enough that they're starting
to creep outside like they never
actually go out but there's a chance
maybe they did go out today they've been
like eyeballing they go out on the porch
and then they go back in and go out on
the porch you come again maybe they went
out so I'm freaking there I've been in
the big outdoors before just fine no
dude I seriously can't find them I saw
her whoa amps here oh my gosh are you
serious are you serious no way do we
shook food and everything my god you
guys are horrible 4 o'clock so you saw
him go there cuz that chair was in the
way such a song go that way well good to
know that you guys are comfy anything
you need you need anything huh no the
rough life yeah poor kid had tears in
his eyes how did we not see you guys
checked his room how did you not see
them they don't care they could care
less
see if they'll eat it then maybe if you
do that
okay so now that we know the cats are
safe we have been talking to actually
for the last couple weeks I've been like
don't you remember you and I filming an
entire Brittany and I filmed an entire
vlog way before we even had a vlog
channel it is a crazy trip it was like
how many days it was like it's a full
week we went on a trip together it's
like a full week and for some reason
I've logged it and I remembered in my
head I was like I got this footage
somewhere somewhere so I've been digging
I've been digging through all these old
hard drives I mean these things
literally there's so many old ones look
that's the ball pit right remember that
but these are old stack from all
computers I could show you guys so much
old video be cool but Brittany and I
were thinking like I would have to edit
this together it's like a hundred some
clips but I've logged our very first
trip this trip was our three-year
anniversary now we're hitting just a
couple weeks nine years so this is a
very early on vlog way before we vlog
and I don't know it's even shot like
like it's not shot like I shoot now it's
like it's really weird it's like I
showed a lot of stuff and then I would
just talk for like five seconds and I
don't know I feel like we could edit
this together and make something out of
it but let me just show you a clip I
don't even know what clip this is so I
have nothing edit it's just like weird
clips right now so I'll just push play
and there's Brit look at little Brit
that's your mommy mommy there we go hi
mom be honest Island
and we can't fun really smooth water at
the store for and I got it's very rough
here find the waves are crazy mr.
negative we can't find places to snorkel
that's that's old Roman right there so
Brett Brett made a friend today look Oh
try edit this make a whole video I think
so that's a good memory
it's like I don't know why it's been six
years ago six years it's been six years
since I film this it's never ever been
edited it's never been seen so I just
feel like it's a great memory for us to
took hey Cara now we got a little baby
girl in this giant you guys tell me um I
think I'm gonna put it up no matter what
but tell me if you guys would love to
see this because it may be really good
it may be terrible I mean I don't know
what I film at all is it just me or am i
super dorky on this trip like I'm
looking at okay so we have all these
photos too that I've never posted
anywhere maybe a couple you look great
like you look great I just look like I'm
out of place like who's this gorgeous
chick hugging on me so I will release
eventually maybe this week maybe
tomorrow maybe I can just edit this all
up but I'm gonna release this vlog right
here on this channel and I don't know
you guys tell me what you think it's
gonna be a ton of work because I feel
like it's a lot of music cuz I I didn't
film like this I didn't just talk and
talk and talk like it was like more
scenic so thumbs up guys if you want to
see this vlog give me a thumbs up give
me a little love because I'm gonna put
this together I think it'd be really
cool just to relive it
reisi it's weird weird I guess I'm still
a dork
nothing's changed I hey if I do post
this this will be our very first vlog
ever true it'll be our first vlog we
ever filmed it's so it's so crazy didn't
even have a vlog channel when I filmed
the vlog that is so strange to me that
we would end up
coming vlog errs when I did that's so
weird wow that all being said we were
gonna call it a night we're gonna Keene
is almost back up but today said he felt
better the red bikes running again which
is huge for today Kane's getting better
and we found this old vlog which I'm
excited about cuz I just want to kind of
work like wow yeah yeah we got a lot
done outside the blog so yeah all good
thanks for watching today thanks for
everything guys and we'll see you
tomorrow you guys are beautiful you're
one of a kind smile more
you
