good morning to you hope you're smiling
today it's beautiful you woke up today
so that's one reason to be smiling oh so
it's a it's offices for me today for
about a half day and then Brittney and I
we're going to look for places to live
so yeah that's what we're doing today
I honestly think this board's put me in
shape I honestly sweat like that's how
out of shape I am I need I need I need
to work part about this Nick brought his
cute little doggie
what's love it what's her name vivica
baby cat
this was a lover a man did with dish she
likes peanut butters and ask permission
- very - yeah oh yes she does love you
she does wants nothing to do with me out
on the table come on snoopeh there you
go
well meetings took so long today totally
screwed myself
we can't go look at places it's already
past five they only showed till six in
traffic in LA is insane what am I gonna
do
peekaboo
yes sir take your pick Iron Man ow d woo
sick how's your day baby you went to the
mall you never seen them all like that
have you know I didn't make it through
the whole first floor no it's huge
what's you a Beverly Center
Beverly so you guys have seen it in the
vlogs but like compared to where we live
it's a whole new world like it's like
the heaven of malls you know for us she
felt you found Caine some shoes short
shoes yes at the beach he tried on these
shoes they're like she's like
mean-looking sharks and he cried so bad
I didn't have a size and I found him in
his size so he's gonna be so excited si
la is already bringing this family
together
it's so hard for something for Noah and
like his age stuff is so different from
yeah it is everything in Ohio
absolutely well Noah doesn't care about
clothes well he wants us abs for his I
walking to the Cheesecake Factory I'm
kind of addicted to this place out here
and it's I don't even get what they're
known for I just get hallways we have
them in Ohio we've never been to LA no
never ever
food blah leave that pile out wings just
look at it hmm
crispy deliciousness quesadilla chicken
hot wings as you know me and Christian
do hot wings and these are called
buffalo blasts chicken fingers stuffed
with cheese
because normal chicken burgers just
won't be enough this is the worst part
of dinner the Cheesecake menu look how
many cheesecakes
she got hot wings she knows what's up
she knows what's up all right
freakin so full I think I still got food
in my throat I've been swallowed
you feel like a bird ha ha okay we're
back we're back let's see we got here
see how we got here little girl oh my
god that is one piece look at this yeah
that's for like a week and I got cherry
I got cherry velvet velvet cake white
chocolate cheesecake and the best part
is I actually get to eat this cuz
Batali's night I never get like dessert
are you eating all right now I just yeah
imma save mine for tonight some freaking
stuff oh we really don't have any plans
it's Friday Friday night I was talking
to you
what should we do mmm all right fresh
out of that shower Brittany and I are
gonna go tackle oh we're gonna be
responsible tonight instead of going out
we're actually gonna go do laundry I
haven't done laundry for ever forever
when I flew home for the weekend
Brittany did whatever laundry I took
with me which was hardly nothing
I brought new clothes back well then I
have so much laundry that needs clean so
we're gonna go try to figure that out
I've never done it here the apartment
life we're used to like having a washer
and dryer in our house so this is
totally new to us so let's go let's go
figure this out come come on come on let
me say these are the Kanes had to have
shoes there's like violence sure these
aren't like cute shark seems like he's
like violent sure we think that it's a
dollar fifty per washer and dryer so
it's three dollars for one load I think
that's all three dollars one knows all
right
I found the laundry room Brittany had to
run up and get us laundry so I'm gonna
try to scare
I don't know found this place there's no
one to hear hey mommy Hey show you how
this is done well you're not supposed to
put towels and clothes all in together
Wow can I throw this in yeah should I
just do I just throw the corner to pal
how do they start this thing this is
crazy
just like the arcade it's like a shitty
arcade game 38 minutes warm wash that's
funny so bad that's a bit yeah do
anything here before you put that money
in 66 minutes 60 60 minutes
af all right so as we wait for an hour
66 minutes we're going to watch our
right now probably our favorite show on
Netflix I don't know anybody that
watches actually I brought it up to
Kevin he said he loved it's called real
husbands of Hollywood with Kevin Hart
friggin love it it's addicting got to
break out the cakes in alright so we did
the laundry look at this okay so we did
laundry remember how we accidentally
made it hot water it's a belly shirt now
it's a village
I know can wear it just shrunk half my
shirt
all right so I got a really good idea to
do while Vitaly is gone
I know I'm gonna try to do it tomorrow
tomorrow's gonna be a really good day
kind of today's vlog is like probably
the worst flog that you've ever seen but
tomorrow's gonna be awesome
actually I'm shooting a new sketch with
my buddies at bad weather films and
we're going out and I got a good idea I
wanna do to Batali so I will bring you
guys alone for that it's gonna be it's
gonna be great
all right guys that's all I got for you
I know this vlog is kind of lame and not
as exciting as you probably want it to
be but some things just aren't exciting
for me my life is not that exciting and
I'm just showing you what I do so I love
you I'm gonna go get some sleep it's
late I'm tired and I will see you
tomorrow
awesome be awesome promise all right
yeah yeah Jonnie taking you out you
taking me alright I love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow don't forget to smile
more he already is only three months old
right Kevin might need you maybe give me
a little fuck shut up stay there
deeply what are you all Harvey whoa
you're out of control buddy hold on
timeout
