Jamie's gonna keep what up guys getting
a late start today I am picking up Noir
from school right now and we have so
many errands and things to do that I'm
just not gonna film because it's gonna
bore you to death to death you will die
watching it so uh we're gonna skip a
little bit of today and just warp into a
normal type vlog who's texting me to
Terrell Eva Talley Batali so I got this
old work like van that I used to film
with and used to hold all my equipment
blah blah blah blah anyways it's been
sitting for probably a year and a half
two years and I just found this orange
juice in it look at this it's brown and
Noah wants to smell it haha oh my god
you opened it
Oh smell it you said you want to do
their dance it feels good exactly like
how it really did I would have never
believed that good nasty
Wow that it
it does smell like orange juice holy cow
well I don't know what it is but you
were really brave for smelling that
don't you get it stuck it's a Jeep too
easy
you better floor it floor
Joanne howling so what's is that it says
nothing it's just it said I'm sure I
know it says wait it's a bad get any two
amounts no does it take
I'll give the kid some credit giving the
kid some nice know anything I was funny
no I got taught a fake lottery ticket
excuse I was really busy things you
didn't want to see you know what it is
what the weather the rainy weather Yeah
right here's one big issue my dog got
sprayed by a skunk and he is bad so at
some point I have to wash my dog power
off I have to what like how do you get
skunk out probably dish though no no no
no we should google it I'll google it
all right if possible leave your dog
outside to prevent the odor okay I've
done that determine where the spray hit
the dog I don't know it feels like his
side this is gather a bottle of hydrogen
peroxide quarter cup of baking soda and
a couple of teaspoons of liquid
so that's it that's it you just pour it
on the dog yeah you you yeah yeah my dog
so hard to watch cause he's so big
Zeus you stink
all right this is gonna suck really bad
I gotta watch the Zeus he got sprayed by
a skunk I lit it stinks bill eraser
Factory dude I am covered in skunk like
it's everywhere I do not know my god
my dog sprinkled oh it's the worst
freaking smell the world the worst
Oh shower time premiere all right smile
Susan
come here don't touch me oh my god yeah
sit I don't know mrs. mmm sit
dude come smell him I can't I can't I
can't I can't
comer's OU's he's so excited did I can
smell it's a bad bad not my house dude I
know I don't know what to do oh come
here Susan sit yeah yeah I think it is
up here I think it's up by his neck ah I
don't know what to do I don't know how
to let get him in the house
and all he wants to do is play he
doesn't even give a crap we will rule
all right this can't be as bad as mine
no it's bad seriously here in Ojai you
can't mow if it rains its rained all
week so I grass is like starting to look
like yours is worse than mine the
wetness yeah mine stare you have like
oceans in your yard okay enough of Zeus
he's gonna have to sleep in the garage
and I hate doing that to him but he's
you know he's the dog that probably went
right up in that strong face and just
talked it's my break oh come on
same thing my wife when she rolls and
 she's on the girl outside yeah oh
that's alright so in yesterday's vlog
and yesterday's vlog you guys know that
we didn't get anything done we had tons
of work to do and we didn't get anything
done so now we're taking you to work you
got to work with us you got to work with
us not only are you getting a shitty
vlog today but you're also working with
us so it's like that shelf one out of
four tonight are complete almost finally
get this merch off the floors out of
these boxes on the shelves maybe two
down two to go
I'm not even I'm not even taking you
through the process but we just built
these two they don't match I was like we
gotta find the same shelves that's what
I kept saying and we came back with
totally different shelves but this is
the same size they were all before who's
okay all the shelter built now I'm going
to show you the process of folding a
shirt you're always like man how are you
walking a story like how are these
folded so perfect all along so mr.
Gilroy show them how it's done first we
start with laying the shirt right on the
shirt folder fold the bottom up fold the
sleeves in you know whammo whammo wham
Wow geez chase that's fast
tonight we're giving the girls a night
off actually well
but we're just giving him a break from
the smile Moore store we figured we
would take charge tonight
I am so glad you got a tripod strong
enough to hold this camera yeah three
heavy I mean I mean it's overkill you
can almost see the camera on top of it I
was a little worried that this wouldn't
hold it hmm
all right so chase all right so chase
just went outside I'm gonna try to get
him let's see if I can get him
I gotta get my skunky dog Oh feels so
bad it's definitely up here around that
area let's get you some food at least
oh there you go baby there you go get
some sleep baby
all right guys end of this vlog has been
wack like just completely random and
probably too exciting just too exciting
this wall has been so I stick around
tomorrow's gonna be awesome also there
will be a new big prank in the hood
tomorrow on the main channel so stick
around for that I love you guys so much
thanks for liking the videos all the
time the likes are insane you guys kill
it you're the best Roman soldiers are
taken over that's a fact jack love you
guys till tomorrow smile more dude I got
this I got this bro
the won't go anywhere don't ever touch
direction
