what's up guys is way too freakin early
how to get up at 5:00 which to me is
like a super challenge and I'm off to
the airport back to LA you sleepy birds
you missing me
1/2 in a waking up this early
I'll show you what Columbus looks like
compared to when I land in LA
I'll be back okay muck I'll get you
Misao I love you so much
feel like I live at this place you guys
know how when you play video games a lot
you like start to memorize the maps
that's how this Airport is now like I
feel like I know every part of this
Airport
this is the secret hallway get you out
of all the traffic I guess nobody here
does know how many people's right
upstairs is Pat la impact so this is
this is the way to go right here it's
not so busy here today
all right guys straight - straight to
the office for me today we have one of
our big budgeting meetings basically
gonna find out what every single thing
costs in this movie which is crazy to
think about so that's where I'm headed
now probably in there most of the day so
I got to make up for it tonight with a
block just case anybody wants to know
what it's like being in an office all
day it's like this dude when me and
Christian get together all we do is eat
chicken wings hot wings barbecue rays ah
your chicken fingers getting cold over
here all right I'm out of here
between the airplanes and the offices it
takes my whole day I don't have time so
now I'm going to try to go out and do
some fun stuff maybe I don't know hey
guys I gotta take this
I'm gonna take this yeah not be right
there what are you doing what's that
what is that you knew follows me right
yeah I'm sure hello
the reception's fight really I think I
lost service you did yeah hey mom I hate
that I hate to be a burned you have an
extra cellphone charger for this um you
know what I actually I left it in my
hotel room is the worst cuz now I go to
the cell phone store no one has a case
for freaking phone duh how am I gonna
company check Twitter how am I gonna
whether we try it try the lightning bolt
connector just do okay that is yeah that
one works good mmm pretty not no dice
right not haha so Kevin and I are gonna
head to we want to film
I just want to film pranks all freaking
day stuck in an office it's making me so
messy for someone like you you have to
just cuz I know you like you like to be
outside shooting pranks but all week
you're just stuck in it dad I'm like a
hamster I can see outside but I can't
get out
it's 9:00 to 5:00 I text Kevin I'm like
dude I want to film
I don't care Wayne let's go film so
we're gonna head to this magic shop
there's this really cool magic shop in
Hollywood that we maybe I'll just
inspire a new idea sometimes you just
got to go out and like try to get new
ideas so yeah yeah see
ladies do you have an extra cellphone
charger she's like crazy
she's like you crazy well turns out at
the place we want to go choose closed
are they close it's only it's 7:01 p.m.
ah so bummed out right now I've um that
I just put two dollars into the meter I
get you back once more a parking we can
go rob that ATM machine in there let's
do it let's do it because it works so
well for you the last time yeah they
just got these things sitting everywhere
like you just you gotta put the wrong
way I'm waiting for a van to pull up and
Rob that thing just easy pickins so
Kevin's taking me to the oldest one of
the oldest restaurants in Hollywood
going to Musso and Frank's grill when I
was telling them people tourists walk
through the front
locals walk through the back guess she
just go right through the kitchen yep
I'm not local but I'm with a local yeah
yeah I guess you were right it does say
oldest and Hollywood guys like Humphrey
Bogart or in his Hemingway William
and loaded at the bar feel so
strange just walking through in the
kitchen
other phone booths know why place to
school I everybody wears like the old
red suits and it's pretty cool yeah I'm
gonna make the only you should bring
your own you should bring your phone in
here anything a phone call on my iPhone
real quickshot Johnny just think there's
probably some serious history in that
phone booth there was a lot of board you
Humphrey Bogart got his first handjob
yeah we get us out of the kitchen
good job guys good job my friend
and we're off Hollywood's quiet tonight
looks like old Hollywood huh yeah
Hollywood Boulevard it's not too bad
we didn't really we didn't really find
any crazy people on the street every
time I feel like I'm in Hollywood I
always encounter at least one crazy
person
we had to go up farther right get around
dude this place is a riot actually all
right so now we're at a place called fat
south because that's just what we need
to do is eat more food yeah yeah
definitely and we got the real fancy how
does this work you got it so it's touch
screen you go back here like this and
all my like if you go coke like you have
all you got cherry vanilla lime
raspberry code vanilla horn and cherry
as much as I like coke can't do caffeine
bro yeah
even though I had a Red Bull the other
day let's see what we got here I got the
ham and Swiss thing looks huge dude how
do you open
what kind of you get so I got the
irresistible italiano my favorite oh
it's so fresh so every time Kevin and I
hang out we just endorse food if we do
it literally
all right I'm home baby well I'm at my
effect I'm at Batali's this is where I
always stay you guys know that I was
super excited I bought my new skateboard
for for riding to work every day and
I've never got the right us tomorrow
youth ride it and apparently I didn't
know how many of you would be interested
so I'm sorry to tell you abort it's a
sector 9 board I was told that it's
awesome for like sidewalks and stuff I
don't know what motto it is but it's
pretty sick I love it and it's got a
little bit of lip on both sides and I
like that I like that low so I'm excited
for that but uh yeah my Batali's
Batali's in Brazil for another week at
least I think another week so yeah got
his place to myself what should we do
mm-hmm that's a good question for today
what should we do here at Batali's why
he's gone keep it quiet between you and
me not Vitaly I love you guys I'm going
to end it right now I'm gonna crash I
have not gotten much sleep today I'm uh
I just sound like an old man I just
sounds so old and boring I'm sorry guys
I love you we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget how boned you are no matter how
bad your day was just smile give a
little smile give it a smell I'm tired
I'm sorry I love you smile more guys
okay be careful goodness mom II can't do
it dad
Oh
