what's up guys who are you I'm uh
starting my day off with finding a spot
to shoot my intro for the prank that
you've probably already seen by now but
I didn't shoot it while in LA so I'm
trying to find a spot here in Ohio that
matches a little bit so if you leave
this building right here as my
background it's actually really weird
coming out by myself to film something
everybody I know right now
like everybody's busy everybody's doing
something so I'm just gonna make it
happen I'm just gonna make a van I got
my camera set up on the trunk of the car
sometimes this is what it's all about
man just making things happen by
yourself let's see hey guys I'm pretty
new to the area and I want to go say hi
to everybody by using the n-word hey
guys so I just moved into the area I
thought what better thing to do then go
say hi to all my neighbors hey guys I'm
uh I'm new to the area I just moved in
people think I'm all crazy out there
talking to myself cuz I can't see the
camera that's like hiding behind the car
love it I love confusing people
I just gotta watch it make sure it looks
good a little motivation for you guys um
usually I always have a slew of great
freaking friends that I can rely on to
make videos with and and shoot and I
just want you guys to know like if you
don't have somebody don't wait like you
can do it on your own like today I could
have easily been like Oh everyone's busy
so I'm not gonna get this done I know
you just grab your stuff and you make it
happen but don't worry about other
people do your thing don't don't wait
around like
I don't know what to say other than just
you don't have to wait around for people
do what you want to do just do it all
right so I'm back home I got the intro
in the new prank of course you probably
seen it by now but if you haven't it's
on the main channel go check it out tell
me what you think what are we doing did
you just trash this place the Rio
hurricane
this is the real hurricane right here
now that well the house on the way to
the chiropractor can't hang in there he
never makes all up
anyway I want to give you guys another
example why you don't drink much don't
even ask how this happened
I was the responsible driver I don't
know I didn't know what to say we're
headed I gotta go to chiropractor right
now and eat I'm starving to death
barely wearing my smile or I had the
same soft clothing
see I Drive better when I'm log and I
hand you the camera
smile more
hey I'm Roman impairment everyone showed
him in the vlog you have huh
only go ahead I'll show you guys I'll
show you guys today Marty Marty this is
a funny dog he's here every single time
Gordie Marty hi going again this is the
roller bed ah just rolls my back I'm so
happy right now
Plus look at this view well that went
good
oh my gosh when he like cracks your neck
it's so crazy if you've been to the
chiropractor you know when they do your
neck just feels like they're gonna break
your neck but it just feels amazing it's
time to eat it's the only thing I care
about right now I just want eat food
kitty cats rockin the board Missy
just took tech dexta only the whole new
level all right it's time for round 1
round 1 tortilla soup soft pretzels and
cheese salad cheese there's your food
look at that fruit way too much food way
too much food wings chicken skins fries
your eyes are crossing Julianne time to
get crap for the house Zeus is
completely out of food as of this
morning so just in time as he'll start
eating through the walls and finding
food in the kitchen imagine how fast we
could eat cereal with that yeah jumbo
spoon I've never in my life seen this
many different duct tapes latest look at
this tape Kane
you got the Alex Mandel dark Alex Mandel
collection pigs that fly hello kitty
we got pickle pickles bacon
we need smile more duck tail look we
could have slit deep boy boy that's
awesome we're home baby hey sister go
get it go get your ball good boy so
we're back home and I'm teaching Kane he
likes to take everything apart with far
as my chemist I feel I'm trying to teach
him how to put the viewfinder back on
remember yeah you have to put it on the
Sun honey it's a lot easier to take off
isn't it he always takes my earbuds
apart too these little rubber pieces
I'll find them on the floor we're about
to get a thunderstorm
I'm actually looking forward to a nice
thunderstorm I'm packing for LA right
now which actually I'm gonna have to
pack I left as you guys know I left
everything in LA okay you want fight
yeah all right mommy I need your help
you got to hold the camera this is it
this is this is a big fight we need we
need camera footage of this this is how
we fight yeah get him cane hit him down
dolts fought like this in real life
window flat okay a bigger hole goodness
mommy can't do it dad oh sure how to do
it game yeah okay see this point you're
just collecting sprinkles and making not
enough cupcakes oh yeah I got this at
the beach oh sure sure here let's see it
Wow whoo we get the jugglers out do it
we hide in under the blankets peekaboo
hey me been a good arm on you like a
really like something you'd see in Vegas
alright guys I'm off to LA bright and
early I have to leave at 7 a.m. which
means I'd leave here at 5:00 a.m. so I'm
going to spend the rest of the night
with the fam just relaxing not doing
really much of anything packed my camera
bag and if you haven't seen the new
prank please go check it out it's a lot
of fun I loved it super fun I like
creative things like that
you gotta give another shout out to Tom
mabe for giving me that idea we we've
been we've been using that idea for like
a year plus and finally I was like Tom I
want to do this as a prank and he was
like go for it so if you got any time
show Tom some love on that on his vlog
channel he would just do backflips and
it's funny to see a 70 year old do
backflips
I'll see you guys tomorrow I love you
don't forget to smile more what in the
world is that shoots out mini smoke bomb
oh he better do more than that
