hey guys welcome to the vlog it is
freaking cold we got the blob out back
tied down cuz the wind's crazy
these guys are loving the weather
alright give me the give me the other
piece click it I think goes like that so
I missed yesterday's upload super I was
super bummed about excitement I've been
trying really hard upload every day
whether it's the the Siva what did I
call it
see days see days whether its current
day vlog just any way that I can just
upload for you guys as much as possible
that's what I've been trying to do and I
failed yesterday I just couldn't pull it
off but the trees are pretty look at
them trees little man feeling good
enough to hit these little doctors today
you ready knock this out get better feel
better don't give me five whatever you
do don't give me five thanks for joining
us thanks for coming along and let's get
the blobs going again let's go rock this
out little man get you back up to a
hundred all day has been sunny and then
super dark and even hailed like giant
balls of ice I missed this like right
before I started the vlog but your shoes
are so awesome and I love it we mean
matching are you ready to feel better
buddy so much better just get home
cuddle up taking a little medicine get
you back up man I hate my kids not
feeling perfect dude it was sunny when
we walked in here to Ohio
come on but you get the big boy chair
don't you think you're way
they give in here are bad yeah you look
like Tony Stark right now I gotta say
Keynes always incredible at doctors at
Dennis you've seen it in the vlogs like
when we're at the dentist he just sits
there he does so good he's patient are
you impatient right now he's like let's
just get this over with and go home
that's it I love it that's how I am
don't get it done do what you got to do
so you can do what you want to do that's
the perfect example dude things are
already looking up man look at the
sunshine it's like you know it's like
it's perfect again hey good job dude
seriously it's so good so it's been
about a whole what 20 minutes Polly 20
minutes just starts raining look at this
sprinkle sprinkle
kick even pizza what do you one day on
your crazy strict diet you're craving
pizza what it's BLT pizza ads lettuce oh
it's healthy perfectly sunny perfectly
sunny
there's our daily greeter right there
what's up baby what's up
where's donkey where's donkey where is
he
wakey wakey eggs and Bakey Kid Flash is
happy to see you dude the summer is gone
gone it is cold even in a hoodie and
chilly we got the pool covered the tents
gone the backyard looks kind of empty
even the blobs gone the blob is gone
guys the blob is come for the season she
awake she's alright baby oh my gosh I'm
so envious of her right now I want to be
laying under blankies on the couch
what's up baby oh no you guys are making
me want to just call it a day look at
this you can see how it may be possible
for me to get distracted with the family
right these like that it's like course I
want to go jump under the blankets with
you it's like ready how many is there
wait wait they're different why is yours
look the best because she has added
sugar to her Oh busted the girls
prepared a roast today which is like
carrots potatoes and roast beef is so
good crazy some chicken we're gonna get
down medicine you gonna be recharged she
loves watching you eat a pickle
that's her I think it's odd we have all
this delicious roast you can't roast on
your crazy diet that you're on shin pick
this diet by the way she has a personal
trainer that has put her on a specific
diet design around Britney and why is a
pickle allowed why can you have a pickle
can I have lean meats like fish chicken
I think my mom's gone crazy she have to
write down everything you eaten today
and then you have to report to her
trying it's like serious girl 24 24 this
girl spent all evening all night last
night building and preparing meals into
these trays do you have any that I can
show boom look Wednesday for Britt lunch
Wednesday oh this is for you made it for
everybody I come in today she's got like
this thing of rice and chicken and what
else green beans you don't even eat
green beans
I got roast mutton
you know I get that you gonna drink a
gallon of water a day right is this so
you're almost done already
yeah a whole gallon what's 8 pounds by
the way pounds of water okay
so we're taking it pretty easy today cuz
Kings just kind of getting back on his
feet and I got him a game for his
birthday that I'm excite you want to
play with me I know it's not a computer
game or a game on your phone or a game
on your iPad or game on your iPod or a
game on your phone it's an old-fashioned
board follow me
did you ever play this game when you're
a kid yeah very laid back vlog for you
guys today we're gonna play a little bit
of games yeah you want playing there I
know that seems to be our board game
spot you know sorry mommy sorry Korra
all right let's open her up the classic
Navy combat yeah this is probably close
to like an app on your phone as a board
game gets you get one and I get one Oh
actually we got a piece is this one
piece a computer yeah pretend it's your
own little laptop all right that's and
then the red ones let me show you what
you do it on but the white actually
eating this pile them all and no cheatin
boy there we go nacho and Chuck's
hanging out look at me like that tucks
don't you look at me like that
he's look at me like turn that camera
off my face wait you say c3 yeah that's
a hit yeah you already put a hole in my
ship you're being it uh-huh lots of
misses here you know it wasn't even that
long ago this is like you just sit down
and play board games like that was the
entertainment it's crazy
it wasn't that long ago d7 miss eat it
a3 dude you say kit my biggest ship my
biggest ship a 5d 708 for I three Caine
Hey what are you doing you're already
you want to play games are a thing of
the past honey we've been playing chutes
and ladders like crazy lost interest he
lost interest he sunk one of my ships I
didn't even hit one of his boats and he
went over and started playing computer
you're lucky you're still sick cuz
tomorrow you're gonna be better and
there's no more video games so you
better live it up live it up Cora live
it up in the simple life now because
you're gonna be few years older we want
to live on these phones and iPads it's
super-super Cora
she's super drool it's super Cora are
you ready here we go
I'm just waiting for every single video
ever of somebody lifting a baby and they
just puke alright guys super super
laid-back low-key video today thanks for
being here being a part of our family
taking Kane to the doctor whatever it is
I leave one picture on the wall now
because they've all fallen off because
I'm not capable of hanging up a simple
thing like a picture we will see you
guys tomorrow you know the drill you are
beautiful through a one-of-a-kind smile
more
you
