good morning everyone how are you I hope
your great I'm uh on my last like weeks
of meetings and we start shooting this
movie which I am pumped about this gas
pump I know this gets pumped I have no
idea that is actually just sitting here
sitting here looking for apartments you
know you guys know I have to move out
here with the family and everything's so
expensive in LA John why are we making a
movie in LA and that's the whole
response right there it's all your cool
okay so we're taking a lunch break
stopping by Rocco's pizza the world cup
is on so it's a little hectic in here
but supposedly they're known for their
wings which I love I came here to just
eat lunch now I can't leave because of
this game
I had no idea this was this intense I've
never heard of this before what is it a
world
what world never heard of it alright we
just lost look how fast this place
cleared out as soon as it's over alright
guys so I know it seems like I haven't
been at the office all day but I have
and hi how are you
I am have a wrapped up for the day so
windy probably ruin all his footage okay
I'm gonna go back to Batali's now and
finally go shopping I need to get some
clothes for this his body so I'm at
Batali's he's listening to this
motivational thing to get him pumped up
you ready to go like Mohammed Lisa
before he was the greatest before he was
the greatest fighter he said I'm the
greatest fighter and he's the greatest
fighter we were like oh dude if you were
green you'd be all right for Brazil for
the Zil rectly
so I should get down below seed I look
just like you did I get the same thing
here
so where you are we're getting out of
here we're headed is that from your
muffler the back here lady well you
still see it oh my gosh yeah was it dad
before yes I heard about it yeah had
levira oh we're headed to the mall
finally getting some new kid this is
Vitaly sure all my clothes are still
Alex you were in my underwear too huh
a little baggy probably yours you know
they weren't my underwear just get to
the Beverly Beverly Center
like you don't know it I always forget
the name though you've only been here
like nine times
it's what big youtubers shop at right
here hmm five-dollar t-shirts dude we
are the best
Bologna was like me shop on the XXL
section oh there's still five dollars
though oh all right
all we need is what these guys leave for
Brazil in like a week that's something
they're looking for all these short
shorts I'd imagined Vitaly in this in
Brazil would Nutella all over there
Wow yeah so turned on with that tank top
good with nice little flip-flops and we
give a cute little I love it I love it
now
get leave this we just ran into Floyd
Mayweather and look at the tally
stunning he's stunned he kind of looks
like 50 cent all right we're PF Changs
Lee this whoo yeah I know a lot of
people asked me not to do food vlog
today because
MoMA fasting give your that Oh what is
it yeah you Ramadan happy I've gone to
everybody fasting but today I can get
away with it because what drink this
it's time to eat
there is not many I mean what was it
it's a thought of time so shout out to
everybody who fasted today stay strong
y'all we'd be in this together oh boy
you're eating yeah we can eat now when
the Sun Goes Down you need
oh no way yeah I thought okay alright
I'm learning I'm learning people I'm
learning he's open to learning I like
that I respect that
nothingness summer town hey how long
you've had this coffee for like two
hours two hours is it cold
yes my best thing about it is I usually
energy yeah that's yeah that's what
coffee does how you doing bro hey come
on bro so we just wrapped up dinner we
are actually gonna head over to Alex's
at looks our Luke's we're gonna go visit
with him for a little bit say hi give
him a big teddy bear hug all right bro
hey I'm gonna lose some weights I can
hang out was everybody just talk about
weight because look you hang around
Roman look out he's like slam and a
shirt look good on him and he has
YouTube like working flexing in the law
against Nick here so they've already
good enough muscles tomorrow if you guys
subscribing for next time you see me
these blogs in be 30 pounds lighter here
you go all right let's deal
here we go
you do know that I have I have a family
right sorry
this cars gonna cost what's up wrong
guys are you doing would you chase us
down oh that was a long ride are we in
the car for like two minutes before you
get pulled yeah tell them to fit the
fans we're running out for something
make a stupid excuse
welcome all things in the car for me
please thank you very much
go boss
I know man good are you how long I was
going huh how fast I was going you're
gonna pretty fast it's loud though I did
we all did wasn't dynamic home cheating
was just annoys how apology wasn't going
1535 I was definitely what really but I
don't want to play stupid so I apologize
we'll have been about there for a
difference - yeah
that's the perfect time to dimension
both of us up and develop us in the car
and just you
yeah well this buddy just hit the Lights
man yeah they're on should we take him
with a good camera and then put her in
our phones but we are gonna have the
same picture of all to us well it's all
for my lizard should we do it off no
better time to do an Instagram photo
dude after though because he looks and
looks like they might we might get away
what do you say I don't here's a grill a
bar like a good day cop would be like
give me the fucking can I wish away wish
away when you want to pretend like we're
fucking being cock yeah it's good flog
footage that's great right way to go Rex
cool way to go Rex man oh yeah Scott
Haitian they've nice nice thank you so
much thumbs up for these officers yeah
thanks man thanks buddy you go oh that's
mine right okay thank you guys add this
to the stack all right that's nice good
cuts you know it's a temperature no no
yeah let's do it
are you hey how's it go go very good
why'd you pop down you made me look
stupid stand up for myself just got the
Alex's and you can actually see me and
Batali's pull over footage right here
live on TV there's a live police chase
right now in LA looks like a Lincoln
welcome to cops turn out like you can't
see them in the same shop they come into
the shot a net leak in the space I think
the news they love this chases so much I
feel like the news just has somebody do
this like that's probably the reporter
yeah like we just need a story tonight
this is this is this is the secret right
here yes sure you're telling me this is
all I need to do what you do
yeah I use all of these oh and again I
have to be a man and grow facial hair
yeah I like that you told me you
actually look younger when you shave
you're amazing I didn't know you had air
on your face they're actually a lot
longer than I remember should you be
it's been a while did it since I seen
you with the stache probably you guys
seen Welles they get like this - I had a
stash off my thumb but you didn't like
my face look at my mm-hmm
you know that's right yeah yeah let us
know about the barbeque on Friday a
barbecue right there's a barbecue on
Friday Friday oh yeah maybe uh maybe you
just said you just said if you look if
you cheat oh yeah well but cheat on you
Oh under the bridges it's a sick we are
on our way on fire it's midnight I'm
retired I'm ready to pass I don't know
how I'm gonna get this vlog done oh
there's always time for a low water
thanks Vitaly bringing me here dude I've
wanted this since I got in LA and nobody
ever has it so this place always has it
they got the big one dude are they - I
mean modulus I love your diet bro you're
gonna go ahead that's why you can get
your got my cake so you get your chipper
roscas up front
did you do it onto those squares just
fill them up my fridge look he said they
only have peach so as you get a couple
of these you alright guys we're back got
my neck pillow did I must sleep sleep
with my neck pillow at night since
Brittany's not here it's all I got
I'm a cola a day thanks again for coming
and hanging out we did we got off on
speeding ticket dude we got lucky we got
really lucky we will see you guys
tomorrow
that's all I got I love you I'll see you
tomorrow
smile more
it's so fucking loud
