oh dude I can't express my soreness
woohoo
expressing here how you feeling I feel
sniffles Pinocchio's no dude
good morning it's not good morning slate
what's up guys start the day at the
costume shop this is one of my favorite
places to go if you can't think of
pranks or anything you walk into a
costume shop and you just opens your
eyes open your doors opens your horizons
to new ideas are you walking like I did
it stop okay let the fun begin
long time no see good are you
really it's the boner banana Oh what
that is is we're trying to find two
things that can fight like fight like
like a banana and a gorilla banana a
gorilla could fight you know um there's
so many options I don't know all these
big mascots - it would be cool
oh that's just me I kind of like cowboy
versus Indian that's funny oh that is
you you don't look any different just
something just to scare the kids
Jesus says this is a regal Jesus we need
like a real gene we need like a poor
Jesus right so he would be tattered with
shitty clothes sandals and a scruffy but
Jesus is rocking the leper uh the tiger
that's the devil added the devil the
devil's got the money he already sold
his soul yeah he collects death all
right so we're gonna devil versus Jesus
let's do it no joke I was at I seen you
just come out of Metro Fitness I just
did this exercise a couple days ago I
can barely walk now what's what's the
secret cuz you're walking just fine cuz
you just start working on ya first time
that's it that you're
muscles just have to adapt you'll get
over it dude I can barely sit on the
toilet dude I'm serious
oh wait the soreness goes away just hang
in there ah it's been two days it's been
two days man dude I feel like I'm back
in LA back in LA with all this traffic
how about these bugs so we just got the
Walmart one of the biggest greatest
stores ever put on this planet and chase
is looking for a water balloon launcher
now this is a promising aisle there's
got to be a water balloon launcher in
this aisle is there I don't know man
this thing comes with so many balloons
it's like we're gonna have fun for so
many minutes on the backwards man
backwards man backwards man back whereas
men walk backwards fashion you came on
the backwards man backwards man
backwards man you know what I don't get
what oh oh oh oh uh no yeah right
no no I know you need nothing for Lucas
eight Tommy look
take me home oh my friend I think so
camouflage dude no God get out of the
way oh god no no oh my god you're Ryan
oh you thought you were gonna survive I
got you hello so chase has this
brilliant idea to wreck his relationship
he's B's pouring fart bomb puke spray
into the squirt gun
oh my gosh dude that's the whole bottle
all your poor wife your poor wife and I
think just just for safe measure I'm
gonna have to fill it with water so we
know that it squirts I hope it doesn't
dilute it too much I don't know that's a
pretty powerful gag in here
hi baby oh all right good luck thanks
bro good luck to you if you need
somewhere to sleep tonight I'll be here
she's pretty tolerant she'd ask me to
live with you why you always want to
fight daddy hey on Cain Cain Cain okay
happy yeah okay let me see your fight
pace put up oh there's your fight face
you're gonna fight me I love this kids
fight face do it
Cain happy face yeah you know your fight
face give me big hug oh not a tackle I
said a hug man a tackle yeah you want
you to take your shoes off he said you
ain't going nowhere
I love you I'll see you later
so as chase goes to possibly ruin his
marriage I I think I'm a bad influence
I don't remember chase ever doing pranks
until this whole vlogging thing started
and my bad influence my bad influence on
you guys I feel like I'm a positive
person but you never know yeah yeah SS
SSS drifty yeah some SSX tricky we're
cheating we're cheating tonight or cheat
on our favorites doesn't matter so what
is it that long one has oh my gosh
it's like some killer steak wrapped in
bacon I think you can go wrong with that
it's pretty much like every Steakhouse
breakfast everything gosh yeah there is
baby
is there really not playing you for your
comment
you guys should have known this is what
I was gonna get ribs I've actually had
ribs for a long time and baked potato
you gonna get that a1 sauce now mm-hmm
all right
I ate too much how you feeling baby
I liked hurt so bad oh good you deserve
it for making me go to that damn class
you guys I've been trying not to
complain on camera but all I've done is
complain about it yeah hi can i mom Oh
uh-huh
get over here
I can't leave you're still up come on
McCain errs time to settle down you got
to put my dad dad mode on mini cuddle up
with mommy
he's like anything to stay awake a
little longer yeah come on it's late
let's watch a movie and go to sleep
all right guys so we're gonna go watch a
movie and my goal is last few nights
we've fallen asleep on the couch if I
can get Britney to fall asleep tonight I
have the best prank ever to pull on her
she's already exhausted she's laying out
there with cane now so all I have to do
is stay awake
I could not be more excited right now
okay okay okay okay keep it together
I've been what it is for a while if
brittany falls asleep on it we both fall
asleep on the couch all the time but
tonight i'm awake you guys remember the
video where I shoot money out of my butt
well tonight Brittany is gonna get
chocolate pudding shot out of my butt I
have been dying to do this I hope so bad
I have enough air I don't even know what
this means I have to try to get the
pudding into this hose into this tube so
I can fart it out on to her I know it
sounds terrible to be hilarious I think
it's the best way to wake up ever let's
just see what happens so low that I need
about two or three of these puddings in
here to about here this shit's gonna go
everywhere in the house she's gonna be
so pissed I shouldn't even do it so
surprisingly it's actually really hard
to get the pudding in the tube but it is
going in it's just taking forever that's
not even half a pudding so I need to
fill at least down to here I'd say we're
packed we're packed full of poo poo ting
I'm actually disappointed though it's
not even one full pudding filled this
whole tube so I'm hoping that it's
enough to really make a mess all right
so I put a wad of tissue in the back so
that all of it has to come out at once
and not just I don't want it to spatter
like I want it to just pass I hope this
works so bad
basically for a paintball gun here it
runs into this hose all I have to do is
this down and all this is going to come
out I just have to cut a hole in the
back of these pants so it looks like I
pooped on her all right now it's time to
sneak in the house
what is that it's chocolate pudding
come on it was funny not funny
you fell asleep wait till you fall out
oh my god it's a mess honey I have to go
get the shower uncover my arm is the
actual poops ah you got all over my
camera how did you not wake up during
that so I can't even see why did you
waste that pudding thought what it was
awesome smudged up the cam
what my that's awesome it looks like
that's crazy there's nothing on the back
here here though must've just got on the
front like stuck you still love me
though yeah oh it's cool
cold boo oh look what time is it that's
I have no idea what time it is
I carried came to bed like an hour ago
so you've been out for a while hope to
god this got everything I so hope this
got everything the battery was dying
like hat when I hit record is already
almost dead
Oh No you ready to buy a new couch it
got everywhere it's all the way on our
bedroom door no it's all over here honey
what were you thinking I should do that
how's that wall coming sauce is the
worst thing I've ever fuck there's
literally shit everywhere that's even
after I've scrubbed I'm missing spots
brows
lease this wall needs retaining I know
but I've you know forever forever doodoo
on it
all right guys definitely a good time to
end this vlog I hope you had fun with us
I had fun I know you had now you're wide
awake you're pranking Billy asleep you
can always stay up and clean you can
always step clean all right guys we love
you thanks so much for all the just just
all the fun letting us have fun thanks
for all the likes on these videos we
will see you tomorrow don't forget to
smile more like Brit she's smiling see
you guys oh you got him
what's he called Diadema Diadema it
looks evil
he is
