good morning guys I just want to show
you how ridiculously I look without my
hair gone and it's so long now that I
pretty much look ridiculous even when it
is done so thanks for telling me how
ridiculous I look guys just it looks ok
from the side or from the front
you're like a Johnny Bravo thing going
on do you like my hair yeah do you like
my hair just you like my hair huh do you
like my hair get out of my way guys hey
slow drivers I hate I understand if you
want to do the speed limit don't go
under the speed limit speed limits speed
limit do at least 10 69 20 this little
bit what doe just got my main man chase
Gilroy hey hey hey we are uh look for
something drink I can't resist it
the chef caffeine annex I can't have
caffeine dammit everything I want having
you guys didn't know I quit drinking
caffeine almost a month ago because
we're filming a movie in two months and
I actually need caffeine to work when I
need it so I'm gonna cut it off zero
that's ie from you xxx drink dude we're
gonna just get a mountain Dew alright
alright I'm getting I'm getting this
here's sugar probably just as bad as
Catherine I can't do a gas station stop
without getting none other than a big
old hot dog
Doritos that sounds so good oxygen and a
can now that's business tactic it's only
$8 that's like the UH really hambre you
breathe it then what they're almost
encouraging you to Huff aerosol yeah as
you guys know yesterday Gilroy and I
went to a workout class and now we look
ridiculous trying to walk home I've
never been the sore in my life of you
have ever it's the most painful feeling
it's not even fun it's not could not
have been worth it I think I just tore
every muscle in my body ah yeah yeah so
just go over to my buddy Todd's what's
up Todd this is the guy responsible for
yeah they fish tank in my house built
every square inch of it but then I come
over here and I get so jealous
look at these corals dude can you see in
the tank
oh it's Roger picking out some new
corals for the tank and this has got to
be one of the prettiest schools in the
world this is a pulsing Xena look at
this thing look how much life that thing
actually works for its food
I gotta have a piece of it you know I
gotta have a finger let me say we get
there he's gotta be a nice little piece
of loan
and this is what it looks like out of
the water looks like bubblegum so when
you find a coral you like that's really
small and obviously having a lot of
current in my tank you have to glue it
to another piece of raw the base and
then it helps it grow and not blow
around the tank see this right here it's
like a hurricane in my tank yes this is
the employees and this is mine
yeah boys don't care about your
they don't care wanna go
I don't know who figured this stuff out
but it's pretty awesome
and then ones watch that flush
oh I got him what's he called Diadema
Diadema it looks evil he is evil if you
get poked by him and you're allergic
you're going to the hospital so where
are you holding he's not gonna poke me
just grab ahold of me so as a first
timer chase what did you think of the
choral farm I was incredible
I had no idea that you could just simply
cut pieces of any choral you want and
then I would just grow that's right
freeze any piece you want you just cut
it and it grows a new one it's it's
magnificent it's Magnifico else it did
not realize that there were so many
different varieties
they find a new species in the ocean
every day still to this day it's amazing
amazing I mean always like to have seams
why is he saying amazing so much amazing
okay so what are you doing oh man sucks
chase is behind me chase is following
behind me right now so I don't want to
help Veronica out but he's behind me
he's not in my car chase is back there
he has no idea I would tell him normally
but him and Veronica have this thing
going where they're pranking each other
this week and I wouldn't want to mess
that up
like if somebody told Brittany I was
about to prank her I'd be pissed so I
think I'll just let this one go it's not
that bad you guys are just sitting right
here Wow
I'm embarrassed I can't have you guys
over here anymore hi buddy
yeah wait give me a hug oh I swear what
this just wants to eat all of it eludes
can you know what I got I got us more
corals yeah you want to see they won't
look like much in here so I got a bunch
of new corals for the tank and we're
gonna put them in this is my favorite
part
buckets of corals and finding the right
spot form is the hard part you may find
in a couple days that that coral doesn't
want to be there what
yeah gonna help me yeah you gotta help
me Carson yo man you got some new fish
in there I didn't know you were here
okay it's a big clam you see okay he's
rooted you all right enough of that it's
time for denden oh my mother of lanta
just say it it looks good yeah is it
good yeah battery I slaved all day over
this meal no actually Veronica's sleep
for a while oh thanks for Annika what
you do but uh I was doing smile more or
to return even as important thank you
guys
you're the best good food good meat good
god let's eat ah what dad want to fight
me yeah no I'm so sore you can beat me
up don't hurt me yeah I guess I'll spend
the rest of the night downstairs
that's right smile more time you
skateboard
yeah good daddies canes it's pretty cool
to know though when you guys order
something from us that we are the ones
actually doing it usually not me so much
because I'm always gone but it's either
Britney it's usually Britney in Veronica
but tonight we got Gilroy and Britney
and not Zeus Zeus isn't doing anything
tonight he's done he's had it I got to
give a quick shout out to this cat not
sure how to say his name exactly but he
sent us this vinyl banner for our store
really awesome
it's after grommets in and everything
love it dude thank you so much we're
totally gonna hang that up above our
store fo sho
hi guys we killed it tonight we got all
the orders out up to date which is great
because most people order they usually
have to wait a week everybody that
ordered today yesterday
all the orders are out let me shift out
tomorrow so that's great other than that
I need a huge favor tonight and this is
really just for my loyal viewers I want
to surprise the guy that built my
aquarium he busted his ass for this
aquarium and I want to surprise him I'm
just asking you guys if you have one
minute please go to his Facebook page
I'm gonna put it at the top of this
description just go tell him he did a
fantastic job and how happy we are and
how how cool it's gonna be when you guys
can watch it live stream I just need
that favor it'll only take a minute
please click on it and just say hi or
you can even like it you don't have to
but just just tell him I sent him I have
not told him I'm gonna do this it's
gonna be a real surprise he's gonna love
it
so thank you guys so much for today I
will see you tomorrow don't forget to
smile
thank you guys for everything smile
yeah
