we gotta end this today this is got to
be the last day for YouTube celebrities
were inside a Columbus courtroom the man
known around the world for their
internet pranks are now answering to a
Franklin County judge and as NBC fours
Dan Pearlman found out this is actually
a day they've been looking forward to
yeah you know these guys tell me they
are just out to have fun while Columbus
Police didn't see it that way neither
did the people who reported seeing them
break into an ATM there were right
picture after picture after picture to
just really pump pumps for trial
this is Roman Atwood and this is Vitaly
store events key internet pranksters
okay so are you excited for oh yeah
definitely we've done here since 10
o'clock every single person we hear that
l elevator go we're like it's a Roman
that is that wrong so ya know I'm not
here for a while huh where's everyone
from company boss other Michaels yeah
Nebraska Grassley pretty from Nebraska
Texas you drove all the way huge fan and
a lot so ladies okay are you excited
what are you give they taken on
handcuffs I got a call it oh my god you
cry
still it took two days to argue that
their defense this is an infringement on
their constitutional rights the First
Amendment because it's a form of
expression the judge agrees I'm not
guilty that's what a Franklin County
judge ruled today in the case against
four men known around the world for
their YouTube videos we just won we just
won
oh my man how you in foreign whoa oh
yeah now you got to take you up that
promise then it's right that promise man
Outback Steakhouse go look at all came
back walk right that's right thank you
all so much for coming out
I think she's mondo make sure the
decisions been announced I'm glad for
the victory but yeah you know it was the
one that I really wrestled about the
prosecution had such a big job case and
they they get handed what they get
handed and you know you get you up
against the best prosecutors in English
look everybody now gets it now get to
watch your videos that would be improper
influence on only what's in the
courtroom but I'll follow you guys all
right let's give the judge round of
applause victory these four men their
fans in tow ready to celebrate they
actually told me even if they were found
guilty they were still going to make
more of these videos and is there any
point do they think when they could
cross the line I mean there's one thing
than freedom of speech but you can't
yell fire in a theater isn't there a
point where this could become illegal
exactly they say that they study the
laws they have attorneys and they always
keep the camera recording in fact
yesterday we showed you a rest video and
the camera was rolling the entire time
well it looks like they're gonna just
come on keep it on then at this point
absolutely excited so excited they're
gonna be watching ATM they're watching
right now
ATM brakes should be up right now
watching 1 million views we do it for 3
3 3 can I say where's Joe Joe Couto
 right here there you go they need a
smile yeah
BC with us again you see for covering
the whole story
yeah well you here you got my watch this
is awesome makes it even more awesome
that works alright so we're going out
for a little celebration dinner kind of
like last night but we actually won
today so we get to really celebrate it
when a place called champs it's a really
good if you like bar food it's really
good so this is Jeff this is a place
called champs and they got like the best
food and overall there's nachos that's
exciting dinner
this is how we celebrated you just got
good like my post how many like how many
likes do i guilty around guilty thanks
bro
good work good job see a home dog not
guilty new to give black lord Jojo so
honestly we just felt the champs was the
appropriate restaurant to go to tonight
and if he can get me watched and George
your head judge in who is this guy I
don't know this guys let's watch TV in
what right area loyal I didn't try to
you a champion Siro nice creamy that's
great you guys so much for coming and
how much for dinner yeah yep it's the
least I can do okay just got home from
celebration dinner mommy and daddy are
here yeah you got a goodie bag for your
friends yeah she's taking all my smile
more stuff the first time I've seen this
oh really
I love it that's cute it is they're fun
yeah little smiley face yeah alright so
I'm off for LA tomorrow with it's
getting that time to where we actually
have to move out for a while and I might
not see you guys from yes hello
bring it in let me it'll probably the
longest we've ever spent away from each
other we're super tight families don't
shake families hug yeah I got our I just
want to I want to show you guys our
celebration right here this is how
excited we are that we want and I it is
we're so far I think we're so relieved
that we're just like
hey after this is it that's the news
right there all right so we just booked
our flights for LA we are all leaving
for LA Dennis comes out Friday
Tali I Britney fly out tomorrow
chase might fly you out next week just
hanging out get some last-minute Lovins
from Kane my heart break your heart
Oh to Vitaly break your heart did chase
break your heart yeah Oh chase is been
reading yeah
hey did daddy break your heart oh it's
for the kids are you're so cheeky
holy check up ten minutes for Vitaly
finds the fridge what you phone
chocolate cheesecake
ain't no date on the way here what did
he I ate three packs of them Swiss cake
rolls three what six total
dude it's a celebration day what is that
I don't know cheesecake me a bite
there's one more in there you buy each
other
no just shared three or four gonna
swallow me another buy it no you just
went along this one I don't know wha I
don't want to share it it's mine
what are you doing with my what are you
doing mommy won't lay with me for one
minute he used to be the most cuddly
that's cuz he's dad I don't anymore all
right guys we're calling a night thank
you all for the love and support hey hey
let's go night-night ready yeah later
there we go close your eyes Missy and
longer tickle you
oh these crazy animals I love you guys
thank you from the bottom of my heart
we'll see them all and don't forget to
smile more oh we got some support today
boy soldiers are here
