good morning guys let's do this
wrap my iron because I'm running really
behind we're meeting with our lawyers
right now waiting for the rest of our
crew to get here
Chase is almost you're dressed I got
that hot collar you're ready to shine
I'm Way behind just in case any guys
want to know what it's like to be a
prankster on YouTube this is the legal
team that's required this is my team
right here this will be following me in
the court and just putting the boot down
man I'm so excited it goes they've been
working on this case making sure that it
goes the way we want to go and they got
cinnamon bagels and coffee we got out
your NBC NBC 4 I am NBC 4 just showed up
do a quick interview about our star case
fellow Avante is the master guy yeah oh
you have a tallies here what's up dude
so plan on playing Angry Birds or
something
most people aren't excited to go to
court yes what everybody tells me
everyone's money why are you excited I
think I'm just really pumped I couldn't
feel more ready for it is it because
it's standing up for your rights yeah I
mean it's it's the Constitution versus
them so I feel pretty safe man why do
you feel like you did nothing wrong
because I didn't yeah I feel great about
it I just we do we know our laws doing
this for a living this is what we do and
we come and prepare before we ever film
a video and I just feel like we were
prepared for this to happen all right if
you tell me anything about the prank you
guys might
tonight or tomorrow um I'd like to want
it of course you have to wait man like
the rest of the world
Gaja but again this isn't going to stop
you from doing what you do here in
Columbus
of course not will actually be uploading
the 18-point tomorrow right after we
walk out of the courtroom oh this could
be a lot of site right so I mean there's
no way you can see it anywhere right now
nope so we were walking to court right
now we got a couple blocks a couple
blocks away and we got nbc4 with us and
hopefully we got some sport out front
glad to see some sport out here what's
up dude
I got some love out here what's up bro
it's awesome the company we a little
support here today lipsticks we got a
lot more up here
so guys we got some support today boy
soldiers are here oh wow don't be shy
get in it whoa brought merch for
everybody just like I promised
just like I promised oh you're kissing
whoa I want to make sure everybody's in
this vlog
even bill evallo
free-roaming what do you guys think how
it's going so far oh yeah it's kind of
slow yeah yeah are you guys gonna be
back tomorrow I know I won't I don't
know if they won't be employed yeah it
was really weird and then like people
kind of answer questions yeah like you
might not really want to answer like
sure yeah avoiding it yeah it's taken
quite some time they're repeating
everything over and over so uh good for
the most part I mean hopefully they
choose this side we're in high school
given how we just wrapped up on court
today day one done we've got two
possibly three days left yeah no I mean
two days left
probably one probably one yeah we'll
save and we're we're efficient unlike
those other attorneys we're fishing you
should do the commercial we're talking
about the prosecuting skinny I'm just
kidding have you seen that what all the
lawyer commercials without going down
the hallways if you've been injured in a
car accident
yeah that's what it's like when you
leave poor right here sunny beautiful
weather so day one went well it's pretty
much the prosecutor side today which is
you go through all their witnesses and
911 call try to make it look like we're
guilty and then tomorrow it'll be our
side where we try to make ourselves look
innocent so overall I think it went
really really well
we had a couple of police officers
testify and I think they were really
honest and fair
and uh we'll see what happens tomorrow
right now the whole team and all of us
are going to Outback it's raining boom
out max power just went out soon as I
turn the camera all came back on I
wanted to catch up I thought we'd lost
her today good get some weird-looking
lemonade but cheer Bates cheer Bates
I'm not cheers until we win so everybody
that came to the courthouse today
everybody one birthday boy is joining us
at Outback and I'm gonna buy him out bad
his birthday and look he's wearing smile
more shirt smile more hat smile more
bracelets he deserves an Outback dinner
right all right guys for the food gets
here how do you think today went I think
when freaking awesome man I'm pumped I'm
tough and I'll be attorney but vantes
our man if we win this will be 3 4 3 3 4
3 4 3 100 man I am black how do you
think it went in thumbs up killed it
we're gonna win Sal everything out he's
gonna you're gonna find out tomorrow
yeah hopefully tomorrow it might go till
2:00 what might go till Thursday
and right am i that's crazy all right
man happy birthday everybody wish just
do the happy birthday came out supported
us today thanks for coming right now my
daughter Michael good great meeting
y'all yeah you cannot come in three
hours
you'll see you drove three hours three
and a half oh boy yeah she just keeps
getting better
oh I hope you enjoyed your dinner my
nice what do you feel that like West
Virginia Wow holy that's a great
that's a great supporter in Ocilla
birthday chain is caring dog I reach
over so the birthday the birthday boy
just left my bird and they brought his
ice cream and candle but he's gone so
now we're all you know
that's so good man dude it's a Charlie
it's like vultures man but oh my
god we're outta here see tits you do
snuck back you owe me snapback see dude
see you guys tomorrow
we're gonna kill it yeah
what Oh feels good to be home guys
what a good day I mean I think it was
great fish tank lights are going down so
blue where's my little boy where's my
little boy ah hey hey Rach I love you
come here come here you better come here
give your dad a hug give your daddy ugh
hey hey I didn't forget about you are
you a monkey come on let's go see what
mommy's done he is hyper tonight he's
just happy that daddy and mommy's home
alright guys so tomorrow we go back to
court and there's talk I heard the judge
say today that it's going to be three
days long so tomorrow will be the second
day and I'm hoping that it ends there
but it may go to the third day of course
I will bring you along with it we can
not absolutely can't excuse me
cannot bring cameras into the courtroom
it is instantly jail time if you're
caught even with a cell phone out they
will confiscate it and possibly jail
time so that being said the best I can
do is bring you around whore um show you
what we're doing and where we're at and
hopefully be done with this tomorrow
chocolate no short time eating chocolate
milk it's too late he was daddy
Oh like daddy come on daddy's boy right
here huh me and you all right guys I
love you thank you so much for coming
follow along and subscribing to this
channel um let's get it's getting ready
we're getting ready to have a lot of fun
on this channel coming up VidCon is
coming up hopefully we don't miss it
with a stupid court case but I'm pretty
sure we will be there Friday and
Saturday as of now for sure need that
right tooth ain't that right boy he's
not doing me nothin all right I'm gonna
crash : tonight get some serious sleep
tonight and feel good tomorrow I was
tired all day
I love you I love you I will see you
tomorrow thank you for everyone that
came out should support everybody that
was blasting on Twitter all the love and
support
what yeah and we have it we have an
ending for the vlog today so till
tomorrow don't forget to smile that's it
but y'all do whoa
I walk up to people and ask hey hey man
one little buzz little buzz yeah dude
there you go and in a lab everything's
good it's a Joey - smile
