what up guys good morning to you it's a
beautiful day and by the time you're
watching this I am sitting in a
courtroom for the ATM prank and and I
would love to see you here I would love
to see you at the courthouse it's not
too late Wednesday the 25th same day
there same same same friggin courtroom
it's two days long you can be there our
course starts at 1:00 p.m. we want all
our fans there we're going to do meet
and greet at the courthouse we want you
there so if you're watching this right
now that means tomorrow show up in
Columbus at the municipal courthouse
downtown Columbus look it up and be
there 12:30 11:30 1:00 p.m. whatever
time you want come show your love come
make signs come hang out with us and
we're gonna find out whether we're
innocent or innocent that being said
we're going to film a prank right now
I'm doing one of my classics one of my
favorites and I'm gonna bring you along
today through that also gonna pick up
the tally at the airport and return this
rental car time to a top that gas off on
the rental car you don't want to pay
their prices if you return a car with
lower gas and when it came with you're
getting screwed bit over bent over the
back of a car and screwed man that's
this is how it works
getting our pre-filming game on right
here boys
when you don't when you don't when you
don't snort coke and you don't do
caffeine this is what you live on right
here
all the status budget Ava's dollar here
we go it's actually been a really long
time since I returned a car so I'm all
confused here
looks like I'm yeah yeah can't be that
hard
found it I literally feel bad for this
Cain and Noah mainly Cain got cracker
crumbs everywhere
I should have swept it out but
Brittany's like that's what they did
they clean it out for you
so I'm sure it comes with a fee Columbus
Columbus how you've changed it's a happy
dump drug did you know what I love about
Columbus
yeah just parked at the Union on hi-oh
state campus do we have it filmed here
for so long right over here is the oval
that's where we film like every prank
when we started filming like we'd come
here every week every day it felt like
just rock out all the little pranks it's
crazy
ain't even looking good bro hey what'd
you guys think all right sir price doing
great today what I'm doing is the
classic my favorite little classic
buzzing woody prank where's my buzz
basically I walk up to people and ask
hey hey man one little buzz little buzz
yeah do well here you go
and then they laugh everything's good
it's a jolly to smile more video you
know and then I asked chicks if they
want to play with my woody when they say
no cuz they always say no I just show
woody and they laugh it's that classic
smile more attitude you know so cool
thing is there's like a lot of mom and
daughters and dads and sons here so you
get a really interesting interesting
reactions you know many times I've been
kicked out of this place
I'm never for the rest of my life a lot
of step foot in that building
chase was there a lot either oh yeah
yeah we'd been banned for life from that
OSU library which is fine we got tired
of pooping in their bathrooms anyway
just stop for some air condition and
sushi it's your favorite con man I've
really only had sushi maybe once or
twice don't when you're old good
California roll crunch is even Bob you
put crunch on anything it's better I
love it maybe nice exam shaggy-dog I
don't know
instead of real thing did you ask for
Sparta make it for you hey can you make
like custom tray go ahead dude eat your
sushi beat it I'm gonna get like a real
man ah fries and macaroni and chicken
you can have someone help yourself man I
don't need all this food
zesty buffalo get all food food vlog for
you guys it's time to move time to move
time to move locations I'm a rapper
hearted when I'm done with you too I'm
gonna be a rapper a rapper I know we're
moving I say we go downtown honestly cuz
we've won campus out keep us don't love
me you're like mclovin I got my car like
a microwave oven Oh drop the beat we
won't make it we gonna clean it my
bestest my little pocket and let me um
be mine and we'll see moms the work
you're on the way all you can do is that
dear and just blah blah blah bless you
I am didn't watch the TV but on you -
hold up let me give you something
hey-ho time for one quick second 1% long
man I'm a mess
hey it was good seeing you my god I love
this girl
you love this girl I'm good yeah again
no again empty your pocket
alright we've what we've wept we've
laughed on filming today like a rascally
rabbit we've wrapped on filming today
we're hitting best bar because I'm
finally getting a new vlog camera this
one's been hideous for a while it barely
opens and closes uh I always think
there's something on my lens but there's
not as a scratches so here we go well
that feels good
another reason I'm getting this is so
Britney has a camera for court because
everybody that shows up for court
Wednesday is gonna be in my vlog so
she's gonna be outside covering all of
that alright made it back home pranking
was fun today dude I loved it it was
awesome
I came home and filmed a ATM prank court
meetup video for the main channel it's
always it's always so scary putting
things on the main channel you guys have
no idea when you have almost 4 million
possible viewers
it's scary upload anything it's like
walking out onto a stage and looking at
oh the ocean of humans he imagined if if
I presented my video that way in front
of all those subscriber like it's
scaring it out hyper heart would it just
explode out on my chest anyway I know
you guys are so loyal and awesome I
don't I don't worry about you too much
what's the matter baby
chase break your heart oh geez
nobody breaks chains for did he break
your heart oh you always got me buddy
daddies are always here for you it got
dark fast tonight man I was like
instantly dark just filmed a little bit
today and then boom dark I'm going to
get this fro busted guys it's so long
and crazy
I got Corp tomorrow I guess as you're
watching this I had court today but
vlogs are so confusing anyway and then
in from court after Wednesday I fly to
VidCon the day after or yeah the day
after I'm sorry guys sorry to fly to
VidCon so I got to look a little better
than this
I'm barely cutting anything I'm just
gonna shave the sides up I want to do
smile more like I used to in the side of
my head
for VidCon but it only lasts like when I
shave it it only lasts about four days
five days and then it's really faded so
custom faded all right here with my
loyal barber what time is it any time of
the night my Johnny Derek cut he's like
however I'll cut it my sleep falling
down everywhere you know what I kind of
like it this messy and big but I gotta
lose this let's put tan dude Jay's gonna
jump on the bench and break that day
flex too hard you gonna rip your shirt
again what is that easy now don't pull
your back out how many people's hair do
you cut you goes barefoot alright since
I always show you what John says is the
shitty part of his basement I'm gonna
show you now it's nice part of this oh
this is nice dude yeah Christmas story
like lamb yeah you want to see what your
girlfriend did worse the spot in the
pool table that where she was dancing on
it's like right there
Britney scuffed-up is pulled that was
messed up you should make her pay for
that Girls Night Out needs to like chill
out coming down a notch did you give
girls a beer and it's over it's done you
got all the candy down here just stay
here tonight man I don't call Britney no
I like the little the lamps
that's great it's creative she's got
finals down there you actually have a
record player I got this I can like
people up a shotgun show mmm all right I
just left my man John's and it is
pouring rain the Lightning is free
but I can't really tell on camera but uh
I may not make it home basically is what
I'm trying to say I just got a text from
John my barber he said good thing we
finished we just lost power that would
have sucked so bad I have half my hair
done you guys would have loved it uh
alright as always always cut it a little
too short but it grows so fast that it's
whatever
um so Vitaly flies in tomorrow not today
that got changed he's gonna fly in for
our court date which is now tomorrow
today as you're watching us so that is
that I have nothing else for you today
my friends my cute little kid he's out
he loves that little monkey alright guys
we will see you for our big day tomorrow
and I hope to see you at court tomorrow
as you're watching this it would be
tomorrow Wednesday I hope to see you
there
I love you guys thanks for all the
support and the love and the loyalty see
you tomorrow
smile more even if you got court smile
smile more
dear let's break this baby open breaking
let's just pawn it let's break this baby
open
