you just wake up
yeah up cart me to let me do me - yes
Lily i cleaning out the truck the car
from vacation
oh it was a mess I can't still got 100
gold finishing his coffee daddy need I
know I saw that yeah yeah is good right
so my kids they're upstairs turning into
superheroes seem check it out
yeah
ah you got me oh oh
Batman's coming to the rescue hmm come
here Akane you're dragging all kinds of
stuff come in here Batman Wolverine my
kids gone crazy ah oh oh oh he's
disguising his outfit nobody knows who
he is
I'm Batman Wolverine Superman Hulk me
and the kids just rode the four-wheeler
over to my brother's house just to make
sure they made it home safe what go get
it
just to make sure they made a home safe
and have a hammock in their backyard I
feel like this is the hammock we had
when we were little kids when I was a
little kid we had this hammock and makes
sense because half the ropes are broken
and listen I don't know pretty cool are
you gonna do with it bow it oh hey oh no
daddy did it now just got back home and
guess who showed up my man yellow and
I'm eating that food still haha he just
let me know how I hate wrong huh hey he
just let me know that he cleaned the
fridge out while I was coming that's
right robbing slowly huh that's alright
I guess that's the that's the price that
having someone stay at your house for
you is prepare food and other than that
order just gone back yeah how do you do
so I don't know if I told you guys that
we planted a garden this year actually
the girls Brittany and Veronica they
planted a garden this year and I want to
show you what happens if you leave for
vacation and you don't take care of your
garden why'd you pick it it's a green
onion they're ready that's it I'm making
cheeseball when I get back from the
store oh so what are these smell it
that's a lettuce Wow oh my gosh
what are these right here that's green
beans green beans these are green
peppers these more green peppers
tomatoes these are tomatoes in the cage
yeah tomatoes that's banana peppers one
of these I send flowers sunflowers I
wanted sunflowers that was my request
I love sunflowers so basically what I
wanted to show you guys was that when
you make a garden you have to weed it
every single day or this happens it's
not your fault baby
you throw out the water yeah big rock
throw it nice
that's a great throw
yeah well grill the corn on the cob it's
so good that way we're trying to like
try to figure out what we want for
dinner tonight
check out Brittany's onions she drew I
mean it'd make a lot of stuff in those
time oh yeah your breath sounds so good
all right I want grill food so sweet
corn would you say let's do a barbecue
cheeky what a whole pig let's get a
whole pig
yeah Epic Meal Time stuff oh I won't sit
on the heart need three more grills
three more grills we need Harley from
Epic Meal Time show up Harley hit me up
there so help us eat it yeah you will
and then I'll do cheese ball in the
grass engage if your breath states you
ask my loyal to it so as the girls go
out to get us dinner
chase and I what's matter dude what
happened what did you eat talk what did
you eat was a little bit oh you ate a
lemonhead did the center of a lemon
heads the best you gotta get past that
Sarah part just get through it so you
spent probably easily every bit of a
half hour trying to get this crap for
did we figure it out we download the
right one
what do you mean we didn't download the
right one we've been trying to play
battlefield with all these expansion
packs whatever they're called and we
want to go to the multiplier we want to
play air superiority yeah you are
missing one or more DLCs playtest what
does that even mean oh I knew this would
happen dude I knew it would happen
the last one the cameras all the only
one who can't did I give up man I feels
like it your superiority
this is a typical boys right here I
might mention how bad chase and I are
battlefield
we suck my last game is now my new
record you guys are gonna be proud two
and four that's right
two and four on carrier assault but you
get what are those they're cookies your
cookies Oscar the Grouch that's for
daddy
what are they chocolate deliciousness I
held him the boy all right grocery
shoppings been completed
that's a la spin straw we just can't
live without those that's how you know
you've been gone for a while somebody
else stayed at your house
everything alright haha
I do let's break this baby open break
let's just pause let's break this baby
open ho yo I'm down with chicken that's
fine you help me cook came here yeah
boom just cooking chicken okay push it
again push this one more time okay
that's it a feat of the temperature rise
in be a cool time-lapse you guys are
about the droll in your pants look at
this and I'm trying for the first time
ever Gilroy told me to cook corn on the
grill in the Haas in the husk apparently
you put it on you flip it a few times he
won't give me exact time frames because
it's his secret price information oh I
can already tell you this we're making
way too much food for the amount of
people that are eating mmm boy does that
well take for those at least you'll take
for those at least and there's two girls
and then yeah but you see how much food
there making inside dude those jalapeno
poppers Veronica's making her famous
jalapeno poppers from scratch actually I
should go try to catch this in the
making you see oh she's in the baking
right now
oh my god
see you wrap jalapenos and bacon in
cream cheese wait we mix the cream
cheese and cheddar cheese and then fill
them oh my gosh this is next-level stuff
right here I'm not I told you to make
enough cream cheese with cheddar told
you you're I called it ah there is an
extra what are you working on here
cheese ball
cheese will you love your balls baby
yeah especially all cheesy again oh okay
I'm watching with you okay
alright let's give thanks to this
delicious food thank you thank you very
much thank you very much is this my seat
sitting in the king's Thrones dude Oh
actually I just brought your corn off
the grill with it sit with you alright
I would love to I think everybody's got
asked where Noah went no I went to his
mom's because he's been with me for
quite a while on vacation and now it's
his turn to go on a camping trip
so the kid never kid gets to do
everything nothing
oh that's off the grill yeah you gotta
butter and salt it uh-huh oh I'm just
making sure it's soft enough is it
really is it's super hot is it good
though oh yeah
so that yeah so this is off the grill
and this is on the stove
bottom line I don't know man I'm just
saying one looks better than the other
well they vote the same
ready for it get ready
can you want a cookie yeah what color
blue yeah yeah yeah me it's so excited
for this cookie I have the blue one the
blue one yeah boyee Wow oh that's the
cookie that's a birthday cake yeah oh my
gosh where do you even start wha make
out who eat all of it I'm gonna do with
that thing dude it's exercise your head
try it again
is it good as soon as you chew chicken
ha ha ha I don't know what to do this
too much oh this is now it's greasy its
unhealthy but by god I'm exaggerate it
so they're done oh yeah my gosh man so
these are the bacon cheese jalapenos mm
I hate that one that's the one
oh yeah yes ha not too hot right now but
all right we just warped into the night
kids are in bed Britney's on cleaning
Patrol what does trash do what famous
dress
oh my god I tried to scare you you
scared the crap out of me you got
nothing it's been an epic scare fail
tonight dude dog fur do you guys have a
dog dog farts are the worst smell
Atlantic Zeus he's looking like he
didn't do it either all right guys so
all I'm doing right now super excited
tomorrow all I'm doing is filming pranks
like I said I'm going out and doing some
classics I can't wait to share them with
you guys I'll be taking you along whole
time with me just making sure I got what
I need a lot of people ask what mics I
use and I've said this a thousand times
but it's the Sennheiser's 100 series
they work good as long as you monitor
them and make sure that you have them
set right other than that
shoot with the N X 70 I've been using
this camera for years probably I don't
know probably good two years can't beat
it can't beat it for the money and
that's about it
so I will be taking you guys along with
me tomorrow
picking Vitali up at the airport we have
court Tuesday and Wednesday big trial
both starting at 1:00 p.m. at the
courthouse in Columbus Ohio
please come show your love everybody
that shows up is getting free smile more
wristbands I'm going to have them for
everybody so come out and show your
support we'll be there it's open trial
so two days in a row it's gonna be a
blast I can't wait hope to see you guys
there
um it's all I got so until tomorrow
don't forget to smile more
just dropped you guys just dropped you
guys have you guys seen a pump like this
