guys welcome to the vlog it is super
rainy and saw a pee outside Britney
night which I'm very super very proud of
both of us we've just finished day one
of week four of our workout schedule
that's pretty good right one of the gym
yeah
actually for us to get up and go to the
gym with everything we got going on a
family it's really tough so we've just
we do three days a week Monday Wednesday
Friday I'm starting tomorrow I'm we get
going five days five days a week and you
just got put on a week-day Achilles diet
like she's got her own personal trainer
and she's got her on a crazy diet
starting today so this should be this
should be pretty interesting I got it
I've actually never showed us going to
the gym for multiple reasons one I'm
usually a zombie in the morning and it
takes me a long time to get moving like
an old pickup truck trying to start up
but I might leave the gym I'm usually
ready to film like right now into if I
actually show you guys what gym we go to
then it becomes a different problem I
weigh at the movies we have kind of hide
from you sometimes that being said we've
left the gym it is current day today
it's Monday it is Kane's actual birthday
and the worst part about this is
probably just woken up and he's been so
sick his birthday party like came to
light he was like we were like
they got him through but now we got him
some ero he was saying his ear hurt so I
put some oil in there and I think it's
better so we're we're trying to heal him
up as we can
birthday party vlog first of all thanks
for all the support and the love on the
kids birthdays it was crazy it was one
of the funnest birthdays that I've ever
been to one of the funnest days at our
home ever just surrounded by family and
friends you guys hung out Cain actually
got through the day he was okay you can
tell he was off even even on camera he
was a little off and the next day
yesterday the reason we didn't film is
Cain was crying crying with an earache
and a fever and we're trying to get him
to the doctors now so we're on our way
home this is kind of an update video
again but better than nothing hopefully
you guys don't seem to mind these type
of vlogs and that's that's our life
right now that's what we're doing right
in a second hopefully maybe we just get
almond cakes feeling better I did it
this morning
garlic oil what do you which yeah are
you a witch oh it like rolls out the
blue I don't know it works so this
morning when I talked to him they said
if your dinner
fingers crossed
we definitely still had a fever sick
sucks man it sucks having a sick kid man
you're like you're so helpless like you
can't do anything but try to make it
it's just like that's the worst feeling
come on let's go in inside it's raining
donk
you don't care huh you don't care either
enjoys it because it knocks the dirt off
him which I don't think so cuz he loves
the dirty he'll go roll in the mud after
this I'm sure you got a barn a garage a
front porch you just choose to be in the
rain
you're the goofy's animal flash you're
goofy - hey what's up dudes
cane how you feeling are you feeling
better I'm sick no let me see oh you're
still warm and you're taking medicine
well you're up and you're like playing
games it's great it's Monday so usually
no games on Monday for the last few
weeks which has been awesome but it's
his actual birthday so I said you can
play games but Noah's planned Noah who's
gonna win game dinosaurs t-rex oh they
just plow through them dude that's a bit
crazy where's a little Cora today see
you guys are enjoying your rainy day huh
nitro hello
tux hello Little Miss Cora's awake hi
baby
who's kinda hoping things we have to run
ourselves to kind of hoping it was nicer
today because we're gonna pull we got to
pull the blob in the trampoline out of
the pond for the winter which would give
us more room for icy well maybe I don't
even know if it'll actually freeze this
year last two years of being very mild I
hate to pull this stuff out one it's a
pain in the butt and two it's a pain in
the butt all the trees are changing get
really prettiest beautiful I hear really
other than the rain it's beautiful it's
beautiful flashy
it's beautiful like you we gotta get
this little man feeling better cane
you're officially six today six years
old dude he's so stuffy he can hear this
poor voice to get in a doctor's
appointment try ya kors doctor's
appointment he was fine until you went
to the doctors and then boom sick so
maybe maybe are you in here partying
without me huh are you feeling good are
you feeling good she's zoned out sound
hey it's a baby big baby she'll be like
pull on over here giggling having fun I
bring the camera and say what go is just
blown all up what I'm talking about oh
yeah let's take some let's post them up
half the letters look good
Todd only washed half the letters oh my
god be back the next day and finish it
then he busted he's right down here we
did get our eel back mr. eel how I feed
my you always back let's see if I get a
shot of him okay he's really hard to see
but that's his body those white stripes
you guys remember right there and he
used to live only under the s now he
lives down in them rocks crazy yo when
did it when did this guy start working
here this is a new employee is no employ
step in no it's fire somebody left
we need to do we need to do a fake
firing video where we fire our employers
privately it's always that boy that
primal you know this is just the video
when you actually have to fire somebody
yeah we'd have to fire anybody though
these are forever small walk forever
what's on the agenda today you get
doctor's appointment did we get a
doctor's appointment no wait a minute
what we're doing it today man so we got
a came to Urgent Care which sucks I hate
going urgently it's great to have it but
it's where I like I feel like I guess
they can't get Urgent Care no I mean
like everyone's there for a real reason
what are you looking at
well we were gonna add we're gonna add
to we're gonna add to your orders
Bubba's you got a stack pretty good one
okay all right we're gonna add to them
add time wait you gotta mark them though
right
she's like nah we don't even do that
anymore wait Caitlin Ramsay pop sucking
extra pop so we're just adding stuff to
you guys his orders Sean Simmons we've
got orders for pubs like this but
there's no pause August as we gave them
all away you gotta keep tracking this
stuff amber I don't wanna I don't wanna
let you go I want you to work here and
an extra pop socket now whoo we can't do
it every day but I was saying like free
stuff Fridays you know a free stuff
Friday yeah take it all back off take it
all back up
there you go remember fan of the month
of the week it's turned into like fan of
the year because we didn't replace this
mom was rocket man thank you guys for
all the support of the baby sprite 13
now fine it's raining trying to get this
grass to grow okay it's cuz donkeys big
but walks around in it we should do
these hills or backed by the pond did
all the Leafs are falling it's over it's
over that should just be a new trend on
our channel it's called sea days sea
days welcome to seed a you don't know
what that is
that's current day sea day welcome to
small you guys to chug off do it chug
off chug-chug-chug-chug we'd like to
keep you around as long as possible so I
need to talk to you about that light off
in the fridge you toss to me that means
it's not even cold no more she brought
the groceries
look at this that's awesome
she's the picker old dog he's gonna be
happy West don't even he only eats him
because donkey wants him he does like he
does eat him but he don't like he eats
him when donkeys around usually take him
I just wants to steal it he's a thief
double carrots double carrots
I will never dislike the sound of a
donkey eating a carrot it is the coolest
crunch much he needs is back - you can't
see day is the current days I think
anybody really dislikes current day
vlogs I enjoy him a lot I love it it
puts you like right here with us so fat
I don't know maybe it's just me we got
to get ready we're gonna take Kane to
the doctor's today over to Urgent Care
because they can't get him in until
Wednesday and I think it's just too long
with an earache you know like needs to
be seen
needs to be seen you know I mean that'll
be said thanks for coming to this
channel whether it's a seed a or it's a
regular day of fun day exciting a boring
day explosive day whatever it is thank
you guys for being here I am on track
uploading but I feel like that's you
know these C days are exactly why I'm on
track because I'm able to like yesterday
came sick all day I'm like I this is
just no reason the film is it's not fun
so I come on here and bust out a current
day vlog for you guys it keeps the
uploads coming it's not necessarily a
full day of our life though but I think
it's great I think it's a great way to
come on it's like an instant out on
YouTube it's just like I'm here right
now so thank you guys for being here
what that's not going to last no baby no
why would they wither it's not a
one-of-a-kind Picasso the print is pie
not even real paint it's probably not
real oh my god for you today I love you
have only one here this is destroyed it
is destroyed some roadblocks all right
but I'm gonna in this vlog you wanna say
bye hopefully it gets better guys mom
I'll say bye Brittany no you're not
leaving the vlogs gotta go you're out of
here Brittany's got a drink of water in
peace peace MP peace yeah horse say
goodbye but she can't talking and she's
naked so we love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind smile more
you
