Bunz they're just so nosy yeah okay see
listen do that what are you really
scared are they scared why are you doing
that because I've been trying to get rid
of them forever it's not nice why are
you doing that that's abusing the
animals okay let me let me show you why
okay I even Sam I gotta go okay no look
I got caught
what's that you want to you want pork
I'll give you all those cats or 40 bucks
that's not a cat
what if it was and you kick that box
around like that what what's how
probably good idea for you with the
animal police or something I'm just like
person I'm a person too okay we don't do
that that's not well you can have them
for 40 bucks I'm not a cat person I'm a
dog person
oh don't mistreat McCann freaking
kittens and they want you what song but
I can't get rid of him man
yeah they just won't stop no one right
yeah you want them do you want them here
take them take them yeah all right let
me show you they're really nice they're
really cute hey Lucy stop it
with him you're on
oh you one of those it's a speaker it's
it's a joke
you guys wanna show me what open it you
open it I don't want him I've been
having them all day no fuck you're a
bullshitter there ain't no cats in there
there's no way you're kicking a box of
cats Jesus Christ I couldn't sell them
all day I've been standing here all day
trying to sell your cats you Army for
seven fucking dollars an hour joke up
get him I'm gonna be here I'm in front
of Santa Monica yes
they just won't stop you don't stop
we're gonna call it we're gonna call off
I just want to get rid of these cats you
can't do that what do you mean you can't
do that do what thought why you kicked
my cat's I barely touched it you're
kidding right left I'm gonna need you to
leave right now
if you don't we're gonna call law
enforcement and you're gonna get
arrested Shh hey come on stop okay I'll
go over here sorry why are you calling
the Alps
look look you want to see you on you
want to see one oh okay I couldn't
imagine somebody would be doing that
come on give me five you're gonna punch
me yeah wanna say wait well hold on a
second okay would shake listen listen
dude that's abuse of animals get you in
jail your honor that's not gonna get me
in jail okay we'll kick continued to
kick them okay it will be a serious
matter and my cat's it doesn't matter
you're up right yeah y'all I'll move
over here then hold on a second hold on
a second okay
you see right now you need to relax dude
cuz you know what I'm calm you're you're
getting it listen what you need to
listen today
