what up guys beautiful day again I got
to show you something here to show you
this look at my phone completely
destroyed now even the tops coming out
of it he had a road rage at a roid rage
last night we didn't want to play board
games on no board games I got pissed and
threw my phone now look at me now I have
no phone I'm at a phone hook day oh man
we feel empty inside
no seriously fell off the balcony last
night eighth floor
really eighth floor or you threw it off
the balcony
why do you think it looks like this look
did you go you went to pick it up and
that's what huh yeah oh I thought it was
the Murphy case or Murphy case is coming
off with the iPhone case let's
investigate and see how we can make our
own anyway head to Verizon right now to
get a new phone yeah this is pieces
falling everywhere you ever seen a phone
that bad from dropping it dropped to
eighth floors ma'am I don't I guess you
just spent two hours at Verizon Wireless
and the guy did great he helped us out
but it took forever but I did get a new
phone finally and I don't know any of my
passwords now so I got a I got a reset
them all I'm so dumb
so have four days burn up we ran our
movie meetings all day from 9 a.m. to 5
p.m. and now we're going to eat eat you
know what the funny thing about
passwords is that I don't know none of
my passwords so every time I like try to
login I send to my email I don't know
anymore no that's all I know I think
everybody's like that well except you
see faster
hello god
hello what's up how you doing good
they had to come to the mall to uh to
get a cellphone case because my case
broke when it fell there's a double-dose
man I'd spent so much money
which one hello how are you
say cheese sports night jeez me Vitaly
will now show you how to stretch
looks ridiculous - what was the worst
thing
oh just get back to delis and we're in
that time where taxes are among us it's
coming it's a calendar they totally to
write it on so January 20 up 28 gas $50
hitmen costume $64 hundred - John for
filming so that's basically JT $5 for
chicken the cock prank $25 right now
$25 for rooster 50 for gas 25 parking 50
- John hundred - John I'm just gonna
keep adding this the whole year so
basically we go through what we spent on
our pranks and what we've lit and it
goes into our taxes it's hilarious dude
I love it I love the way you kept track
it's like you this is a great way to
keep try that student you're gonna do
your hair and face for Q&A stuff look at
me I haven't done my hair like for days
oh the girls bra for the bed wetters
vitaliy got alcohol ice cream the civil
what he thought Oh run dude dude it's
soggy
dude the oh shut up stop cheese hmm look
a gummy bear no look what happened to
him they were so nasty I just threw him
in the sink
they're good though I said that the
first bite was good okay right now I
just posted on my Twitter ask the
tallied innocent Roman anything you want
who's your favorite prankster yeah you -
mines mines Denison Vitaly and Mayas
Roman days no honestly though honestly
alright second question from Gabriel and
I'm not going to do Nate what cars do
you have what cars do you guys have oh
if you guys watched the drive on the
hood Dennis's truck has been in so many
of our pranks it's a 2000 2003 2003
4runner it's filmed more pranks that we
should put it in a big glass case
because it's it's filmed all our pranks
about you I got a 50cc China scooter now
I got a Hyundai Genesis 2013 coupe they
think you were the Ferrari came from
Italian show no no I'm not sure enough
I'm showing that I have a good time in
Miami because I rented that oh my they
uh may Britney have a 2000 Chevy Cruze
and a 2000 know 2003 Nissan 350z it's
old you guys have seen it all right
it's so cool if you like to actually
play or watch it again they are what
they're it's awesome like you know like
when you a few I keep this camera has
five hundred thousand subs like doing
you like you're talking light right now
that's awesome
now I know why your log do you love us
soldiers yes you know month old you
don't love the solders grissle love what
kind of quits the stupid questions I
will move on I'm just kidding I'm just
kidding not now sorry you don't watch
the stupid questions like alright how
did you guys meet that's a good question
actually that's been one of the most
asked questions Dennis and I believe it
or not met on Craigslist yep for me yeah
no that's for real persons looking for
college we really met on Craigslist I
put out an ad looking for people that
wanted to fill them in and Dennis Kate
long story short Dennis came through
about how do we meet a message room and
whether he Rick went viral and he had
like about 180,000 subs and had 3000 and
I messaged him to be like I'm crazy I
can be in your videos he never responded
my Maggie zombie went viral hey you want
to do it that's true but I didn't my
aunt that's true hi I'm sorry
send me your link to washhouse
Washington the 33rd ring too peaceful
was disturbing the peace is getting in
people's cars he's going nuts it's
flipping out touching
well I said Roman this guy's nuts now
look at us
making a movie that's true that is how
YouTube works though like one day you're
nobody the next day all sudden
everyone's emailing you so not for us
yet but it's gonna happen what kind of
board games do you all play together Wow
Terkel jerk
i I never Batali I still play clue right
all right what is his eyes and guesses I
like these in bed first
usually when I when that looks like I'm
a magic pencil thing why the wall whoa
no when I'm when I'm out of town by
myself I usually just play a lot of
solitaire guys Sarah we talked a little
bit sooner on the books
favorite food barbecue ribs you guys
know that for me I'll let you be oh no
it's too fast I would say Chipola but I
haven't been in a while
so we're not holy night I definitely uh
Tripoli Chabot there's lemon really
chipotle okay well nice fine that's good
that's a good answer
okay I hate shit pole' I cannot I can do
the black card if emptied come I don't
care dude every time I eat it I'm like
spraying things every toddler bran wants
to know who would win in a
rock-paper-scissors tournament between
all three of us so let's do it all right
no we're going through you may have to
do three-way but let's do it you're
wrong style honey wait wait if I pick it
none
sing a one two three one two three truth
Oh party house that's Roman that's it
that's it oh yeah I love Paper Scissors
shoot Harry
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Oh v-dog takes
it how many toes do you have on your
right hand
pumping that's awesome I'm gonna I think
I might tweet that my steel that um
a lot a lot of questions about how long
is it gonna take to release the movie
that is I would not answer that right
now I would say like within nine months
yeah I think it around the nine-month
mark I think worse well I do or dinkus
you guys gonna have to stick around for
a while yeah I mean the cool thing is at
least you have a lot coming before that
movie first trimesters a lot of
pre-production for all of us if you had
a pet uniform what would you name it
yeah Wow mom would be horny I would name
my unicorn horny that's a good that's I
mean horny horny you we'd all on a
unicorn a part you got nothing Batali
Junior nah but the unicorn would have to
be like jenna Marbles the nose what I
feel like this is Italian alright this
guy says what's your favorite prank
we've ever done - gotta be hands down a
letter B prank I just love that prime I
like spray paint spray paint in the hood
spray paint on the cops hood really
that's most one what about you go to 13
chainsaw I can't I can't stop you're
watching good it's so good that is like
a movie we had 54 charges on us for that
check this off right by the way by the
way Vitaly goes back to California Roman
grabs his family and vanishes and then
I'm stuck deal Aruba that's years chief
of police Mayor Coleman our people dude
the whole city came after us for that
one but uh it always comes up when we
become a lot of those ok ok ok this
one's good this one's good this guy's is
not really a question but have been a
slop battalion face you did actually
long you did we already did I've in con
do you remember
are you slappy oh he did if I am if you
ever a lot of nice laughs Italian telly
telly do you all this shit dude all
right Q&A is clearly over we've we've
lost we've lost us we believe we've lost
the focus of the group I'm just uh we're
sitting doing Q&A all Sonny's feeling
your boobs so like what's going on we
just said measuring further if you if
you get what was it if you can squeeze
in we get free soon
all right Q&A is done if you want us to
do more of those let us know that's the
easiest thing all right guys as always
it's all I got for you today thanks so
much for hanging out and always always
always showing that love in the comments
section we love you don't forget to
follow me on Twitter we're gonna
definitely definitely wanna do more more
Q&A I think it was fun and obviously if
I can hold their attention it'll be even
more fun
all right guys don't forget till
tomorrow small one he's got one of these
oh just right here I just want one now
oh my god you can't believe what roaming
at work
