alright guys good morning look at this
oh my god
these are the best what are these called
that did I'm take hahahahahaha we
there's a candy with this this cherry is
our group sour cream thank you so much
for breakfast yeah I know Mitali brought
us all king size Snickers all around
we're going calories I want him to get
off me thank you for making dessert for
us Ivan even got through breakfast good
converting eaten half of Snickers look
at it was a breakfast of champions you
don't even know what he did he okay
we're leaving bye adios not every day a
bunch of pranksters walking to Toys R Us
Babies R Us it's like a rare occasion
I'm gonna go on the baby section it
ain't a good idea
are you trying to tell us tonight only
it's big enough gold diggers only
welcome welcome with you my new big coal
digger bad for your head Holly say the
vet get some wet with the very good
singer
did you should get on wet you should
build a room in your apartment that's
just for gold diggers they can bring
them over just then you could have this
I was actually pretty awesome let's get
like let's get like three of them I want
to take one home well you can take them
all home when we're done with them
that's great
oh look it's a little Zeus well it's
baby Zeus you should Charlie found a new
outfit can't go anywhere without fun and
a new outfit
like it
Oh beauty lift bro
Craig she looks like it's part of your
outfit though I know I'm gonna pay for
all these to be Kevin's break and let's
go we gotta go
don't forget your Stuart glasses I'll be
out of this no you're on your own dude
hey helping you hate on the fuck ecology
you got yourself into this mess I want
to see you check out how I'm scan it
dark you oh he's got one of these just
right here I just want one here we got
this you know I have to scan it again no
we do not carry how do you how much is
this how much is it how much is a shirt
I got look I don't know you want me to
be hard without a real I'm trying to pop
in a movie I just thank you so much
she's awesome
this is the ring so far this prank is
rocking it out we're done killing it
yeah
so I tally almost got beat up my blood
and Crips don't need my phone I love I
love doing these poker know where your
phone is you had it last anyway we have
to move locations we just got the cops
just told us to leave or pay the no you
got a permit in LA to film and uh you're
gonna permits the foot permits to film
in LA we don't have one so since we
haven't been here yet on this trip
taking Britt to Jack and Jill's our
favorite spot you haven't been here so
it's gonna be a real treat whenever you
guys come to Jack and Jill's this is the
guy that takes care of us
every time the side of our hats to me
matt has served us more Nutella crepes
and anybody in there in LA surprise he
still puts up with us sometimes when you
ask him nice he brings you out a free
Nutella crepe pressures on good show you
just pulled that out of your ear oh he's
cute kids bro hey never did no wonder
you've been I huh what I did so six
years old that was perfect that she
wasn't even looking I'm like everybody
can see Dennis but you were like I was
wrong for her it's gotta be on a swivel
Britney at all times keep your head up
keep your head up so we are headed to
Hollywood which show Britney some cool
stuff she's never been there
probably really windy right now they're
coming up to the world famous Sunset
Strip this area of Los Angeles has seen
a lot of cocaine use I will sell a lot
of celebrities died on the street guys a
lot of celebrities down on this oh yeah
yeah well not on the street girl he
won't get out of walking out walking are
you wrecking out of hotels we're going
up started at the bottom here look at
that look at how pretty so let's get a
photo let's get a pic here on top of the
world girl
see ya badge of the car starts rolling
back ah shit
that was tryna saw through the min go
Elvis Presley in the bathroom huh
how do you do it do it for you come on
come on three it's it huh
he decided eight meows in the bathroom
it's not every day be with a leader
cheers for finishing a prank guys only
took us two days to get one video done a
lot of technical difficulties I put some
prank it was a tough for the first one
it was a fun watch ring yeah
Brittany got to hang out in the back of
the car and watch now the were drunk
were police involved I believe there was
a police presence this afternoon of
course there's a place in Moore would it
be a prank about the police they love us
and I have a line I have to talk to the
gang members the gang member the gang
members they get the gang members
thirsty Holly just know that every one
of these celebrities have stood right
here yes they get their star what
happened what happened so just say hi
don't rap with him with the preparation
11:00 I'll talk money at you
so are you getting your 40 bucks over
take a picture and I won't rap about
your hair it's not a rare especially I
get it proper cool turquoise shoes with
other people when they call the doctor
hava nagila proper with rosh hashanah
hopper fola with my homies birth of
marijuana rocker CSC stress and distress
advance out of the coolies original the
hit man every single dollar before you
took the US you see I'm not a stripper
I'm a normal guy so you should pick it
up and put it
not the people think of smell as what I
never show it what's your name Wow oh no
I don't know what he is like many people
as I can
we got to show up all the people outside
shipping kibble okay so you have to take
some objects take some objects guys that
put it right here in front of me on the
gravel back like one step keys you put
whatever there yeah oh yeah perfume
that's good that's good that's good
that's good good well think of more
things as a lure goes away so we just
laid down a bunch of objects yeah he's
gonna rap about yeah and my name is
kosher dill so you guys know and I
delivered the potato knish Tony clips
represent the flow off the loser son
who's the one you ain't seeing me like a
Jewish son
who's the one not a loser skull but I
got the under breath don't go she deals
I listen to my mother on the headphones
hello
these guys are from big mistake the
pictures it'll be two hours before I get
home for dinner one watching your video
all right
oh did you get the order to connect CD
so I know you're already gonna ask who
is that guy with the mad rapping skills
tell them kosher Dill's youtube.com
slash ko sha di LLC awkward in a good
way
that's my album but who cares you
wouldn't want to buy it you want to
watch him but I mean if you do end up
getting forced to do something which you
might make you do then you would be
forced to come to that site oh shit you
know oh boo Boop oh she does wrong
so we're walking to dinner Vitaly cannot
bite the craving and Brittany's buying
it for my dog he can't he can't resist
walking to dinner we're literally
walking to dinner right now I am anymore
this is my appetizer didn't Batali she's
a hot sizzling wiener he just has to put
it in is really have to ask if he has to
guess I'm a free man
we're a BtoB trees wait you don't do
many trees yes that would happen we call
echo b-dubs
why did why did BW three stars and we
call it V W threes in a row really yeah
I don't know fried pickles yes I guess
yeah there's not three don't know what
they're talking about but I'm pissed
I've been waiting for my server for 10
minutes and I'd like some water with
lemon
please settle down we've been here like
literally less than five oh my god
Mitali is so impatient when he's hungry
when I'm hungry I'm hungry and I'm on
time of them mark I'm gonna read you
Mike wait let me get I'm gonna do it
here here's my impression of Vitali
vlogging when he's pissed
default when we got him chicken wings
it's a horrible impression but I think I
think I got the anger I think I got any
good I just give you one second like one
chance to tell me do you want me to put
that in the video or not no I do not
that means I just drop my camera that's
a lot of drinks guys let's do another
Cheers
can we get up just I don't know what
we're just cheers into Cheers
and we're ready to order sir we're ready
to drink all right bye keV all right
I'll see you guys later someone give me
home oh you're leaving bye Kevin filmed
our new prank today filmed all of it
actually every single clearly if I don't
get a director credit I'm gonna be so
mad I'm gonna call the DGA
file a complaint Kevin's man he is the
man and you know what I thought it was
cool that you only beat me like three
times during the shoot so that was nice
thank you her not being my cameraman I
beat my god what is vitam today he just
showed up to film this does yell by the
way this is where you got punched during
steve-o prank right here those feet over
roseabove not nevermind I'm oh we're
back maybe we're wrapping up tonight so
tired when I get old
are you tired you're tired yeah oh it
makes you feel a little better fun you
are yes I was at a video something super
check out my video and say no you got a
new video you've already seen it
oh you got your shirt yo yo you got
turned on oh no there's a switch oh it's
a switch
remember my big tiger shirt Wow Vitaly
found one today
boom yo yo yo yo all right guys just
like that we're back in the hotel and
tomorrow is Monday which means another
week of sitting in a room planning
that's that's the honest truth
are you tired baby it's hard well I
think you should sleep in that shirt I
really don't think you should sleep in
that shirt I love you guys thank you so
much for watching and always smashing
the like button on these vlogs you guys
are killing it I can't even believe the
numbers on these videos but we're giving
you the best entertainment we can
possibly give you this is all I got I
love you guys thanks so much
and don't forget smile more I think on
fire but here in Santa Monica they don't
allow fire so use your imagination
