here we go we're on top of the world so
we just shut our movie announcement you
guys probably seen it if not go check
out the last upload we're up on the roof
tops don't you just dare me to jump off
my head right away and when we got what
we got awesome
they released natural born pranksters Oh
cute
so the official announcements just hit
the Hollywood Reporter awesome that
title dude natural born pranksters what
is the claim stirs pranks in public we
couldn't do how have you guys are ready
for this opening physical Vitaly has
been pooping his pants in all days oh
they'll take a shit yes you go to the
bathroom talking to the wrong I'm good
he's so he's so happy well let you go
succeed us no no I don't want to laugh
tackling it What's Wrong bro I don't I
don't I haven't smelled the end I'd
actually want to it actually burns the
inside of your head man what about here
we out here without a year what a good
day Brussels glasses look at that Harley
from Epic Meal Time hooked me up with a
script yeah did you're doing a video
with no that's officer 1988 you want to
play hello 1988 cop dead I'm gonna we
can't give up just we can't give it up
hang it up oh just a cop buddy call this
awesome thanks Harley so you guys so
yesterday the big announcement baby
we're doing it we're making a movie it's
finally out she doesn't feel so good to
just tell you guys I've been holding
that secret for like three months three
months later am
we are out of here headed to Tally's
right now to do nothing to meet Paul oh
yeah kong-kong from had him any time
some simple pickups gonna come over
business the Hangout talk some biz Wiz
what Thanks so we're just getting back
to Batali's and we're literally just
like watching the the announcement video
on Facebook we're just watching what
everybody thinks seems like you guys are
loving it we are beyond excited that you
guys are here for us and you're like
you're coming with us on this journey to
make this movie that was a super delay
and he's like oh dogs I owe you doc I
got dog or something ah bro did you look
like a city slicker ro who see what does
that mean
let me see hold on a Dan up I didn't put
my shoes on yes missus leaky I don't
even know we're going to dinner we're
gonna grab out what's this place called
vulgar the child no exit the brazils
Tech is it Texas is the Brazil it's a
fucking chopper the same exact thing how
same exact that you tricked me you trick
same exact thing god I think of that
what's up man you look like you're from
the Mafia you could drive us tonight
yeah alright let's do it up on in the
front one of your yeah yes nice yeah
because you're blocking Fogo de Chao
this is a good place
look at all that wine are you taking a
picture throughout this place we just
got here to Fogo de Chao we got our good
man with us so simple pickup simple pic
I was gonna turn it into this without
yeah but I mean we're hopefully going
between check him out simple pickup a
big challenge you guys know who he is
simple pickup you know just go they're
not a big deal dude his buddy just got
knocked out straight knocked out in that
last prank is that on that channel
that's enough simple miss simple misfits
you guys got so many channels man
whatever like Vitaly got like 9 channels
dude that is the biggest cheese roll
that's cheese what's she bread bread
bread that's cheese roll dude oh that's
a Jewish he's probably gonna be the
dankest cheese to dankus didn't he's
Jesus real
man oh you got my ribs
I love ribs we can commit these smoking
they just keep bringing meat man this is
like metallic dream come true I'm gonna
done y'all I'll see you guys later dude
I don't see your brother wait wait why
don't you why don't you give him bill
cause I got I got my I don't forget
about you nice seeing you did you
overcome yeah I'm gonna head out
gentlemen
I'll see you tomorrow morning oh yeah oh
yeah you know what you should choose
lots of you guys are fans from Saudi
Arabia oh yeah well you can quit yeah
from Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia oh yeah
solder wave it yeah Sonya right now
Roman soldier we got a real soldier here
yeah come on homie I knew I'd find you
around here I know 3rd Street near the
local food yeah I come over here to try
to fight all the ladies yeah here's one
good sing with her no she doesn't like
me
I spent yeah one time I slept with her
so last time I was here I seen these
Legos that I had to have and I hope they
have them I have to get home
oh this is totally my Legos now did I
don't even care about anything right now
because I just bought this give me my
kid is gonna be so much fun
you guys have no idea how excited I am
right now I've been waiting to buy that
Lego kit since the last time I was in LA
you know it I dunno it I almost actually
bought it and sent it to you and then I
realized oh dude here you almost were
the coolest guy ever
I bought Legos brain and bought blooms I
think we're on the same age level right
now
you can just pull it off and hold it
build up and then you can just let it go
but point it yeah yeah point it whoa no
I was pretty good
we have so many fun toys right there
yeah between the legs
we got Legos air horns balloons poppers
I hope we pass them make you horny baby
no it's your apparatus I won sure all
right guys I really got nothing for you
today tonight it's just uh a pretty
overwhelming for me and for Dennis
metalli to announce this movie to you
guys I know today's blowin has just been
kind of it's just great I don't know
it's weird it's one of them off days for
me where I'm just out of it but uh cool
thing is I'm flying Brittany out
tomorrow I'm gonna fly to LA we're gonna
have some fun hang out film two big
prank well we're filming two pranks one
for Vitalis channel one for my channel
this weekend
so we should have those up by Sunday
Monday I can't make any promise you guys
anymore because you just call me out so
hardcore but I love you guys we will
have a great great vlog tomorrow because
I can finally I can finally take you
along with me on this movie journey
where before it was like so secret I
wasn't allowed to say anything until
some things were announced its industry
stuff that I don't even understand so uh
that's it I love you guys thanks so much
for hanging out
we'll see ya tomorrow smile more that's
the sound of a pony's shaving
