what's up guys good morning it's
beautiful
and I'm totally lying it's like warning
it 4 p.m. is it 4 o'clock so today's
vlog I'm starting after after the
meetings because we've been in an office
all day and we're out we're free we're
like like hamsters escaping the cage so
today is starting right now look at that
tree look at that tree
hello how are you doing good the cutest
little gearshifter I've ever seen looks
like a thumb little vibrators oh so you
guys know I broke my sunglasses on the
first day I got here actually Dennis
broke him so we had to stop by the post
office cuz I'm tally he got me some
glasses
no no blasted I got you some sluts girls
where are you damn bras Sean thanks so
much
look at us get some these are my
favorite slut glasses these are the
leopard monsters with hot wha those
brothers mine yeah
nice cute look good we should just go
out you want some glasses man you for
having a pair glasses oh I have another
everybody oh he's got the lepers already
round let me hang on Yammer I get my
full put it on I give him new brand new
sunglasses bro just for you thought I
was getting letters no that's it for the
driver is for the driver oh you're some
glasses
no that's fine oh you don't like your
glasses dude I think I got one leopards
and I got the rest black okay I'll wear
black
thanks for the black sluts bro I got the
lever once I love the black sluts we're
back in with dollies I was he's showing
he showed me his new prank in his face -
just show him this one little spot dude
it's like your heart is bull she started
screaming for her life what do you think
what the reaction dude I'm like tearing
up last night it's great no it's great
so can I tell him like just that a girl
scream really loud in the apartment yeah
and she ran out again that's a real face
Vitaly really made because he didn't
want the cops called because the
neighbor says you guys are being too
loud because prank is scaring people so
right when the lady said I won't be loud
and the next reaction is the girl
screaming for her life so that face is
legitimately he's like no the cops are
coming oh it was the yell but he can't
hi came what do you do what are you
doing hey dude get your sock out of my
face you chopped it all off what are you
doing
let me see mommy hey honey
all right so I got stucked keen and
Britt for a minute and I am passing out
for an hour
I'm so tired I probably look like death
so there's a little nappy Tom you guys
won't take a net with me Clem do you
know you know don't call me that you
don't have to you have to expect it
walking into an apartment like yeah okay
what's up what's the one thing is
supposed to do what when you walk into
my apartment get my fucking shoes did I
forgot I'm in a goddamn karate dojo and
I gotta take my shoes what is this I'm a
tour Queen Tour coy nice to see ya sorry
buddy I forgot to wear my smile moisture
yeah what's up dude you're supporting
Miley Cyrus now I can nasty-ass girl
it's truly us yes girls you should know
those nice tears girls make a Victoria's
Secret models look see your mom boys -
cheers here's a Russian dude what is
that
that's throw yeah oh yeah I'm probably
the only real man here great Bob how's
that water I shown
that's right I'm drinking water yeah out
of it haven't drinking alcohol wait
maybe it is five hours maybe it is not
getting Romans just trying to hide his
severe alcohol dependency that could be
a to dude when you come that's the sound
of a phony oh yeah you got you what
could I have been that would have been
the best prank ever I just got your nose
off sharp enough but dude I was doing
this when you pushed me I was doing this
motion funny it into my drink three
layers of scooter that was a good one I
got you I got one I didn't know you had
to shave that you're like 13
yeah yeah have to be the audience
quietly fast and easy whoa hey there
what are we doing what my God he's
really just stayed there okay honey you
go you're the eyes he knows what we're
doing that's me I don't know what's
going on
just stay where you stay I have no idea
hi my name is Johnny Knoxville welcome
to jackass
that's a baby hit I know I fucking know
you have to slow mo she can't run to
watch again
dude it's worry about the pimple you get
your hat back Batali be a man what
something at her oh yeah yeah come on
now you made me bleed bro all right
we're headed to the comedy store is that
what it's called
yes it's the comedy show
let's go how you doing man I'll sit to
that how many stores are on Sunset
Boulevard I want to but I want to
restore me like I'm ready just eat we
haven't even eaten it awesome
everything's the black in the back and
it's just you
is this saw because I might be funny
interesting anecdote Eddings old I
haven't heard that word in a while my
friend we're talking about food yeah mgj
okay cocaine
my skin right like cocaine trade and I
keep a little bit the slow oh hey hey
fuck that shit like cocaine gonna be
stylin my bro man but your kick more
shit in a little can hold on shut up
over members back come on members okay I
had no food for my stomach
we're so gangster we are super gangster
we are unbelievably we're boot shit from
Finnegan me though most thanks you guys
if definitely Los Angeles I think I
think I speak for all of us when I say
EE Los Angeles me if not the entire
Moscow I think we should stop me get
some hubcap spinners for this goober we
should I think we should get some jolly
I mean we're already
we're already skirting on 22s but guys I
want we're stunting here currently I'd
like to be stunning up here I might even
get some sour patch straws oh shit I'm a
man I'm a man should just go real real
hit that flavor hit that play button
killem ooh kill I don't want to have to
touch your penis to hit the play button
cuz your iPhone I don't have any what
you don't have any peanut cake but what
think I got played
dude tonight's about to get crazy
yeah oh my gosh ladies line up this is
real drugs right here right here no
doubt sour patch kids okay so we just
got to the very popular comedy store is
a a pretty cool place to hang out and
eat so that every comedian and the
entire world has been here how much
you're scary but if you seen any Amber
Alert you probably noticed they only
kidnapped a little angel in the family
that everybody loves and misses yeah
thanks for picking us up we were we like
tally what'd you think of that show man
that show was like I was like okay look
what you know like when you get born in
your first grade like you can probably
speak English better than you just I
don't know how much Ellie just put that
but there will a thought it's like it's
okay guys guys all right 15 roubles
Roman soldiers let me ask you something
where does a low fat milk comes from
answer okay skinny cows see ya what do
you do fuck I don't know man but anyway
they wouldn't let us film nothing they
were so strict about cameras there
couldn't film they just won't allow it
so the whole thing yeah
sorry guys we're gonna bring you to the
comedy store but I'm gonna happen
tonight
we did see Pauly Shore though I can't
believe in it vlog with him Nick Christ
so like doing alright my solo I was like
oh my god guys this rider is falling
short it's cuz he's I oh he's literally
just sitting there by himself I'm so
wrong and I don't go vlog I'm sorry guys
let's gel I did I know I'm not like that
did you've been looking for chips all
night I have I'm looking for specific
kind that working you don't seem to have
this do you want to block this one of a
car that is others Nutella sandwiches
bro I am sorry bro but today is the day
were you like I thought your way you're
on a diet
he's on a diet you guys know this you
can ate that entire fucking thing he
didn't pay for it I wanna hold off well
I'm gonna buy the whole box cookies I'm
getting you guys know what I'm getting I
don't oh there it is
I just want one of all of these
smiley so that's like Miley who doesn't
like money we can bow it is we know is
torquing a party in the USA yeah I'm a
chlorine not at work did torque it up
man you're on TMZ right now
NZ tomorrow be the zoo we've lost it
we've lost it I'm ready to go kind of
Banksy that little boy is doing a peep
right though never my bottle you know my
waffle video I'm seeing the one you may
be such one Oh God yes he got it he
earned it though
I'm doing it bring it I'll give you
regular already yeah I had kind of fun
these are good time what's up you wanna
shoes there's some money there was money
again I should say bye Jordanian see me
you do easily sleep I don't wanna wake
him up wake him up and moving with a bow
3 1 da open the door da dick elevation
animation hello just showed up at Alex's
and look at this dude Mario Kart I love
it
yeah here take one I'm gonna take this
one no that's mine no it's mine now
you know I actually I'm sketchy these
here take her actually I'm glad you took
that peach is my babe but I wasn't gonna
say it so I wanted you to have what you
wanted oh you know what made these games
really exciting back in the day like
Mario karts and stuff audio you're all
this technology and no volume no it's
painful I can't figure out how to turn
the volume for the TV else is just too
complicated I know alright favorite
video game of all time best video game
of all time
no for me I think it's pretty much
hands-down golden eye for a Nintendo 64
I played so much yeah tender you like
tender gold and I was unbelievable
what's your guys favorite video game of
all time I let a lot of you probably
younger so he's probably gonna be like
what is it Maya - Maya three Super Mario
3 was yeah freaking badass dude trying
to think of like other games that I
lived on so calm so calm - for
PlayStation 3 Super Smash Brothers yeah
all right guys what's your favorite
video game of all time all right guys
thank you so much for hanging out with
me today
I had a great times pretty fun and uh
was I gonna say was I gonna say or see
I'm so tired all the time that when I in
these vlogs I forget what I was gonna
say um oh yeah the big announcement
everybody's been waiting I put my foot
in my mouth you see because I thought
that I was able to announce it and I was
and then things changed so I have to
wait a couple days maybe not I guess
it's going to be a big surprise big
announcement now so whenever I can I
promise I will I'm so excited about this
it's ridiculous so I promise you you
guys are going to love it too
but that's all I got for you today
thanks again for hanging out thanks
again for liking and thank you for all
the Twitter followers I asked you guys
yesterday to to follow me on Twitter for
the announcement I will post it I
promise
so thank you for all the Twitter
followers and thank you for all the
great comments you guys Rock
I love you til tomorrow you know what to
do smile more
