Sam's gonna try to scare me yeah I saw
you in the glass what up guys I skipped
skipped filming all my meetings this
morning I figured they were getting a
little repetitive and boring so my buddy
Sam pepper just hooked up with me and
we're about to go head to steve-o's
birthday bash were the only two people
he put on the list as far as YouTube
goes I frequent
it's really cool I was actually a really
cool guy died what do you mean actually
you wouldn't know but you wouldn't think
of it like someone who's like that thing
like there's not many people in this
world who don't like me Steve OS and
when you talk to him he's just like so
humble and down tough and like you know
that you know just like that guy that's
just like he's just like a friend I
think you should get some little fake
pet bird but if you like imagine put
little fake Birds up here alright so we
just got to the ice house comedy this is
where Steve is running his uh his show
tonight and birthday birthday bash this
is gonna be so fun man I'm so happy to
be invited to this
tonight Steve oh that's that's an
original shot right there did they kill
it or just kill it you got yourself an
opening title thank you guys you guys
killed his video yesterday you killed it
it sound like 19,000 likes right now
yeah oh yeah we saw your dad no way yeah
pop Steve oh mama Steve oh hello say
great job on that vlog yeah no hold on
how do I never do this
I'm gonna kick myself why don't I blog
good tell Steven along he would you know
you would take off so they take over the
vlog world and what a mother jealous
heavy this guy was talking about at the
be frank with right when I was begging
to steal his gag present present Roman
Alan what's the row and nice to meet you
man some Russians
thanks man bonafide YouTube legends
right here place is super loud I don't
even if you're gonna better hear me that
well huh
errotica understand if it's wrong
I'm really excited man I'm pumped at art
we're super excited we'll see out there
man seeing a man just walk out a steve-o
show and what's your name did Kurt Kurt
Hertz a big fan he's like let me just
every drinks on me to drink sure gotta
watch the show every day I love it
thanks so much thank you guys
I have this actually conscious camera at
home and now I have it here - because -
stole it Rome at would vlog blog look
alright Dave England everybody's joke
they don't know don't tell my camera or
what
don't take it stop ah fuck you suck my
dick it's the one yeah so recording
everything what's this
steve-o stupid book I read it it's
actually good but fuck you I'm taking
the book and the camera I didn't know
whose book it is the scammers mom you
got Russian on it oh shit fuck off fuck
off right right right I can't even get
over how excited you guys have made
sense
so stumped I've been sitting here
telling Rowan house - damn - you
wonderful people came and watched my
video dude you guys destroyed asmin like
destroyed it fucking Roman soldier
pooped all over the fucking comments oh
sorry I custard but in a good poop yeah
it's a wonderful one I will see you on
about that's up marker yeah she just
shot me dog that's a marker that's black
marker dude genuinely from the bottom of
my heart but you rocked it kid I'm not
even kidding like dad you rocked it
I was laughing hysterically it had to be
done yet that's reseach man
if steve-o is in your city don't even
hesitate don't even hesitate
dude it was amazing bro I absolutely
enjoyed so much haha dude honestly when
are you gonna be in one of my friends
your pranks I thought I was on your blog
your blog come on there do come on the
edge you see the new one I do Stevo with
the vlog p.m. p.m. this is it you look
like you're describing a porno blog
alright so they're v-log their daily
daily daily daily videos daily videos
that you play do something or with
steve-o
dude when you watch that back yo y'all
appreciate it
come on give me some love all kinds of
like hidden jokes in it it wasn't it
watching at home he won't give me
another look
you're embarrassing you didn't look cool
in your blog he make me look so bad I
can't do better than that
I nailed it here the man did all right
we're gonna take off
where's the vlog home phone I look for
it yeah what look you're not gonna
you're not gonna put it up I didn't make
this you didn't make this image of snuff
all right we're headed out of here man
what just happened
hey Chris made me look like an idiot he
wouldn't give me anything
every time I turn off the camera he'd
start laughing at me he's a funny dude
all right dude yeah yeah caught you I
bet
yes all right guys I am back thanks so
much for hanging out with me today if
you want to see today from another
perspective go chicken'll sam's of vlogs
he uh he belonged today too so go check
out his channel I put at the top of this
description and you can see basically my
vlog from a different angle
we had a lot of fun it was a super honor
to hang out with these guys um Chris
Pontius is a riot he wouldn't give me
anything on the vlog like every time I
turn the vlog off he'd laugh and be like
joking about how he was at is is cool
but uh thank you guys for coming along
what a freaking cool thing come on
filming a brand-new prank for my channel
finally it's been like three weeks so I
never want to go this long again ever
I love you guys I will see you tomorrow
don't forget smile more and just build
all this stuff oh this looks pretty good
yeah that's where I took a massive on
one today sorry I was cleaning it up
