the kill shot kill shot he's going for
it
welcome to the vlog guys starting off
exactly where we left off yesterday - I
had to stop paws down and edit it and
get it up on YouTube so there's been a
pause since that moment yesterday today
well for them it was yesterday
today it's half sunny half super weird
back here just kind of living it up
while we can because it's getting cold
out it's like full hoodie weather - the
kids they never they never care what you
guys doing what you guys doing I have an
idea I was thinking now I know we've
done this in the vlogs but for me
personally I want to do it really bad we
haven't done the the any hydroplaning on
the pond you guys want to try it
RC like fun stuff
are these the backpacks or bad packs bad
pack what's bad about them is like 1/8
of an inch off what does it mean what
wait what do you mean my center from
this line to this line oh I see it's a
little more over this way yeah you know
some weight around it huh is the back
blue or is the bag pink okay so you're
saying they're micro flawed like they
have flaws but you can't tell is that
what you're saying yeah the prints not
exactly perfect I get it
thank you they're so nice though huh
backpacks are normally 40 bucks that's
what we charge for backpacks so why
don't we just blow these suckers out
because they're not dude there's nothing
wrong with that they're all gone this is
it so all we have right now is followed
by fast that's what you're saying yeah
so we just blow them out alright guys if
you want with these backpacks super
super duper cheap what are you thinking
like ten bucks ten bucks a backpack I'm
telling you there's nothing wrong with
this bag there's just not let's just
don't be
on the Sega's you want to back it's the
last backpacks we have until next year
sometime you are see stuff thanks for
the update
all right that's why I'm or store come
on flash go with me you guys know I love
our seats it's one of my favorite toys
to play with ever I love our sees all
types cars trucks I just love them both
you name it I need some organization and
I built this wall now I'm barely even
using it's got all these empty hooks and
just piles literally embarrassing piles
of RC parts cars batteries etc get a
good amount of speed and then okay there
you go there you go there you go
faster-faster-faster
oh my god you better get it now oh nice
okay so it pretty much does the
impossible you can drive all over water
like you do on land so I'm gonna attempt
now to hit country's ramp see if I can
keep going this gonna be impossible I
Rescue Squad hmm don't sink baby don't
sink yes good one perfect nice she's
still alive she's still alive
for the kids birthday but I don't know
what they want birthday's coming up um
she's thinking dude you only get the hot
dog no you're going on are you serious
it's right there you can reach how's it
feel
wheels are full of water oh my gosh it
weighs so much what you guys playing
monsters that's the name of it
sounds happy come in I was gonna see if
you guys want to eat are you hungry no
of course not kids aren't hungry they
don't eat popsicles and chocolate I'm
sorry about the whole RC thing I do
apologize you guys let's go see Korra
let's go see Korra
not getting a lot of action finally
wakes up Cora what's up girl
you got your giraffe binky we got to do
today is chorus three month she's three
months you got that Bank do you know it
is let's do it oh she's so sleepy you
are yeah oh you know you took a whole
lifetime to get here
I waited forever and now you're a
pumpkin mama brought us your little
pumpkins are you gonna paint it we
should totally paint them alright so we
got our blanket that you know will will
web Z boom you lay it down and then you
put Cora in the flower circle and then
you mark the months she's only there you
ready for your big shoot are you ready
she getting so big guys three months I
can't believe it tell me it wasn't like
yesterday we were waiting up tucks a
hold his tux might be three months to
thing again she saw the camera
you just a bubble blowing machine it's
like half bubbles have oh yeah Cara what
are you saying girl oh you are getting
big what were you saying
I see you too all right we're jumping
around a little bit tonight but I got to
show you I don't know wait did I just
show you an accident I don't know if
I've been watching the channel here and
there no has been practicing painting he
started with my dad who my dad is
painted most of his life he quit for 20
years and then this year he started
painting again well no one has been
taking lessons from my dad and his first
painting blew my mind
show me the first painting first just in
case somebody missed that blog he should
guys didn't see this when he showed me
this my mind was blown my him and my dad
painted this together
pretty great all right let me see okay
love it absolutely beautiful I still
can't believe you painting this like
seriously it's amazing and he thinks
like maybe three or four more paintings
and he'll be able to do this all by
himself this wasn't help with my dad all
right number two all right
Oh baby boy that is beautiful Noah I
mean it is beautiful dude I'm so proud
of you like I want to like like I said
the first I want to run out and just buy
you all the paints place in the world
you've got a serious talent dude like
I'm telling you these are great I love
it that's that's a serious hobby that
you should continue to just live it it's
good
so every night at bedtime came traps me
this is his trap and I can't get out
it's like a lock right but every night I
bring my keys this is a key this is a
key these are all piece there's a good
chance that this key here we go all
right like he didn't work I was close
but didn't probably let's see if two
keys to things might get out of this
lock oh this is a good luck tonight see
both keys work those keys didn't work
how many keys do I have left eight maybe
I should try it all wait at once put
these keys away every single night we
played a lot of game I'm sweating now Oh
go to sleep good night love you those do
not look burnt at all those look amazing
why we even eaten we've been at the gym
almost every day and you want to eat
cheesy chips Europeans you're paying
terrible as yours now because that she's
over that is not overdone I was
perfectly done okay both big boys are in
bed kora is now back away so we are
doing that I hope you enjoyed today I
know it was we bounced too basically
today so hopefully tomorrow we get a
whole day to make one video which would
be great that's that's ideal when your
vlogger thank you guys for all the
support and just helping us continue to
make daily video
that is the goal right now especially
capturing just what we're doing as a
family that is the real goal try my best
for you we love you so much thank you
for sharing these vlogs especially with
friends and family this is a family vlog
channel and we just want to keep it
going so thank you for everything thanks
for the support thanks for staying
positive you will see a 2-mile beautiful
one-of-a-kind smile so you want your
cheese not even melted that's that's not
burnt cheese young perfect cheese you'll
never make my snack again how do you
know I didn't do it on purpose so that I
can keep these
you
