good morning guys 522 of the water you
know what time it is I love you hang on
I love you
see you soon
by what are you doing I love you give me
big hug mmm I see you soon okay dad you
call me yeah okay thumbs up bye guys
here we go let's go and you feel like
you know to keep on living it up my love
alright guys we made it we made it to LA
now where to go where to go what to do I
don't know what are we going to do today
I was going to leave the airport but
Dennis just landed supposedly so I'm
going to wait on him and we catch a ride
together makes sense
oh my $10 glasses evolving you owe me
I was just I was just about to explain
how long I've had these oh oh I got a
pair you can wear oh these are the best
Werther's Originals oh you got the good
candy man Yuna Candy Man is that what
they call you the Candyman Candyman oh
yeah yeah
thank you very much f with you you know
thank you appreciate man it feels good
to be in our lab man look at that
sunshine whoo there's the doctor Paul
writes the McDonald's palm trees it
feels so good to be here man we live in
Ohio it's cold rainy cold red 90% of the
time Wow Wow
yeah yeah beautifully I wake up and I
just throw up at the weather all right
we got a little little sissy what's up
buddy
right our favorite place the every time
we get in town Jack and Jill's oh I told
the owner you have been advertising her
up and getting free on telecrib thanks
Roman G yeah my vlogs free crepes cuz of
my vlogs good job guys hey Brad buddy
anybody comes Jack and Jill Vitale's got
you free prese how old is your cat how
old is that is just turned four months
old
oh this is her first day that she's been
able to be outside yeah best french
toast in the world man that's a hell of
a salad dude tuna salad so good your big
scrambler over set we're gonna be stuff
man thanks dude best thing about Jack
and Jill's they give you suckers and
they're the Tootsie Pops Mumbai man no
thank you no bite
oh good man you're missing out come out
trees like this one day man one day I'll
have a tree like at my yard
your boss yeah so what you spending the
rest of our day pretty much right inside
this building meetings meetings meetings
in case anybody you guys are wondering
what a lot meetings are like for us this
is pretty much it
Dennis is asleep always the way he
finally woke up he's on a cell phone
though imagine that but Ally's working
out now we're just wrapping up here
we're just wrapping up it's been a few
hours check this view out
there this is why I lay so hot man we
this right about Hollywood's on this is
the best part about this whole place
didn't leave almost empty - it was it
was full when I got here on these what's
happened come on did your viewers know
I'm in a diet right did they've been
watching your diet for the past week
weeks month yeah this is your diet huh
but you're not in Miami anymore so you
got to eat right did marking in LA is
crazy
it's just parking garages everywhere
doing a great job man a lot of Burton
way I don't know this place
smells like fish are you here but there
yeah have a seat who will take care of
you B dude I got us a community cake
you're gonna have a bite dude
have a bite no one sold me I bought this
for you
put in his mouth but it's so much I got
you do for it I'll get you the best way
I think if you want it I get to feed you
say I'm nice
what do you think I was gonna put in
your face maybe a tomorrow one just got
back to the tallies got a nice shower oh
man I missed your place did thanks bro
she is on your cell phone this is just
this is just a party man try to watch it
my favorite show what show is it which
pull your shirt down egg so you think
the day that we got valet we would do
something fun and productive but this is
our night right here what you want to do
do we used to have so much excitement we
used to have so much energy getting old
wrong thirty-year 22 I just want a dead
apologize guys sorry brother soldiers
one second what's he doing no matter why
I'm telling my knees trying to go to
Alex's to sleep I need a bed I want to
sleep in a bad mood that's plenty of
room I'm so anything you're offering
your bed to him we're slipping on the
couch yeah
oh it's no homo because if it's you
hashtag no home yeah yeah I mean you're
on the couch and he's in your bed yeah
you're saying is that way so I'm say
we're gonna sleep together
oh I just look lay down just lay down
yeah watch look just look look just know
he's the sheet as a dog look so how you
build a divide or not fuck the dividers
watch this you lay just look watch let's
pretend I'm sleeping okay look look the
way he's laying but what is it usually
his poses look like
I'm here what you like here maybe it's
in you come back drunk or something we
could you like here I'll go it's just
like like that put your arm right here
look he is still not touching uh-huh are
you kidding you look the better part is
good cathy is dying for me to spend the
night watch here just go just go in here
I guess no homo nothing wrong with that
no like you might be uncomfortable
because you're not whatever
just chilling bro and not like I want to
sleep like that I'm just ain't working
tonight
you can wake up like that yeah we're
looking for the best milkshakes man
don't your milkshakes bring all the
girls to the yard okay no milkshakes
baby last night I got in the tell a
shake and I didn't taste much to tell
and I said extra I paid for extra so now
I'm gonna watch make sure I usually do
something with coconut in it Oh hoping
I'll need a colada pine out there we go
yes something delicious delicious cheers
for real that's what happens when you're
here with Italian
just like huge chunks in the motel open
that extra $1 million to shake and then
if they want to get the HIV that's us
right there yeah you can get an AIDS
test right on the sidewalk here in LA
look at that should I get one you want
to get an AIDS test
thanks for waiting man what are we
hitting here getting a waffle a walk
feels so good
this is where I get all my a low water I
don't know what
where it is what is it all gone
vlog this it's all gone what is that
it's so good
I'm checking tell her it's all gone
we're gonna get that what did you hear
that what he said he has one box in his
car
oh one of those to do that I let's get
this yeah hello and happy hippos you're
welcome bro tell her I said Sally said
you're welcome because I gave him the 20
in the car and he pretended that he
bought it for me that's not what you
know House nice of course
thanks bro thank you just don't aside my
heart before the chief a chicken 305 to
the side what are you doing and such I
just thought you were fat on the sides
how much you been burning
please and one two three four five
alright that's gonna do it for tonight
guys we got it we gotta call it quits
you get a vlog bed and so I was just
thinking no I won't put that in the blog
why not
no I won't why would you put that in the
vlog sighs I don't care what yo yo yo
you're not ending the vlog what is he
ending the vlog guys so today as you
know I came to LA and yeah I miss Kane
really much Britney if you're watching
this I love you know I know know how
sucker I'm sure it was good anyways guys
that was my whole lock for today please
smile more this is all right guys we
gotta go tomorrow's a new day we got I'm
not gonna say anything
we're hanging out tomorrow that's it
yeah those pricks giggle so viral
well last time we hung out we went to
jail so so maybe this time we'll go to
jail hi guys we're out we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget to smile more I
gotta go to work are you gonna take care
of Mommy all right take care of me are
you gonna be the big boy ow
