we got the bikes out good morning guys
good morning guys what's up what's
happening I want to start today's vlog
off a little different than normal
seen a lot of negative comments and my
vlogs are supposed to inspire and be
positive this is a positive environment
and I just want to keep it I want to
keep it fun and positive guys if the
negative comments are around it's just
boy it really brings everyone down got
some bikes out to play with daddy's
gotta go his bike
mmm the Sun is out you guys are sick of
me talking about Ohio but when the Sun
is out I'm happy
wipeout Sue's I see you found sue this
dog lives for the water man when I got
him as like four months old he was in a
pond swimming so today we got the final
touches going on it's up dude it's
looking good man it's looking sharp
whoa it's actually clean down here holy
cow looking it looks better than what I
cool looks great got a human brain
hanging up on my wall
good man whoo all right so my mom and
dad and my brother and his wife just got
here in the kids what's up and we are
and they are I got this whole metal
detector out let's go see if they found
anything come on Caine you won't go with
me are you sure you're not sure okay I'm
gonna go see if Noah found anything
Hey find anything
would you mind five things my favorite
mr. bullet
Wow you're gonna Bowl it it's edible
it is a bullet it's gold it's gold I bet
a bunch of pirates laid treasure here
let's go not awful dirty war an old dead
bullet you that look where it's smashed
into something kaboom well they can't
all be winners and that's a second big
bullet back here this is where they're
mixing this is where they're mixing all
concrete yeah mix it all up in the water
and it turns really hard yes yeah come
on
we found gold we definitely found gold
this is cool and this yeah
like an old pop can huh well filled the
yard rebuild the yard got the whole fam
here today what'd you guys think it is
taint man I think the wall is fantastic
I haven't seen the tank I know it's
torture hey Dad you playing your guitar
what you got me a song yet
I am wore it out man broke all the
strings send it back for repair oh it's
coming down this isn't where I want to
go right that yeah okay everybody's
leaving today has been so crazy we spent
probably two hours trying to get the
aquarium hooked to the Wi-Fi so that you
can see everything from a computer or
cell phone anytime and we're also trying
to get you guys might like this I don't
know let me know what you please let me
know what you think about this I'm
thinking about doing a 24-hour live
stream on YouTube of the aquarium like a
camera inside the aquarium that you guys
can watch the tank anytime any day any
part of the day we're trying to get that
all figured out and and it's gonna for
the next year that tank is gonna be so
full of corals and fish it's gonna be
amazing so if you want to watch that
process please let me know I think it
would be super cool and I don't know if
anybody doing that so I'm gonna try it
got know what - his mommy's sorry dude I
love you so much
okay love you too I gotta go to LA but
no matter what oh we just smile all
right you can do it all right man you're
tough I love you so much
probably the only time I
you'll ever see me get emotional is
leaving my family on trip that's always
the hardest part for me like I don't
know we're so close you're so
family-oriented that it's hard to leave
but it's for the best it's it's a
double-edged sword you know I have to
travel so that we have the things we
have and it is it's a double-edged sword
we got to do what we got to do but we're
a team that's what family is man a good
team so I'm just headed home right now
in the night with Brit and Kane and
hopefully she's got my stuff packed hey
you better not be barking at me it's
good boy huh I had to take note to his
mom's you gotta give me a hug Oh Owens
mom and dad gave us this for what I
guess for the house I don't know hey tag
one huh hey be easy on him his eyes
don't feel good hey say hi baby I came
hey daddy's got to get on an airplane
tomorrow yeah oh my god go to work are
you gonna take care of Mommy
take care of me are you gonna be the big
boy oh thanks you want a dad I gotta go
to work tomorrow I'll take care of the
house yeah well they're gonna do without
this vlogging are you gonna walk for us
if you vlog for the next two weeks I
don't have to Oh
all right it's now Cain Cain atwood
vlogs the new channel Mikey he can make
the other side Missy kiss everybody ah
thumbs up hey you gonna watch daddy go
on an airplane thumbs down
Oh boom thumbs up thumbs down it's my
stuff Pat yeah half of it the other half
was left in your suitcase from last time
so it's in the washer but thanks for
packing though but I completely
reorganize my time nice cleansers go lay
down down good boy all the way good boy
time for medicine to two times a day for
those of you that don't know Zeus has to
have eye medication twice a day he's got
some pretty common Shepherd disease in
his eye actually but they're looking
pretty good
you're looking good hold still good boy
good boy he did it like a champ he's all
he's always so excited to do the other
side watch this
Zeus let's do the other side let's do
the other side just see that how fast he
flipped over let's do the other side
hello stay stay
leave it
okay good boy all right guys I got to
cut this vlog off I got to get it edited
in fly to LA I got to leave it like 5:00
in the morning here so uh I got to
definitely end this now and get this
edited so it can go up while I'm
traveling I love you guys so much thanks
for hanging out the the tank is almost
complete we still waiting on the top
doors to go in but other than that it's
amazing and also the lighting is a huge
issue with the camera but we're gonna
get that fixed probably by the time we
get back from LA but uh that's it love
you guys you sign it for me to leave oh
I gotta go
daddy see you in about a week yeah
all right guys love ya don't forget this
mom or wait actually had a question
today you can ask all right guess not
yes I don't anyway I love you guys don't
forget I'm losing it
I had so many things I wanted to do for
this ending but I guess I don't anyway
all right guys be positive smile more I
will see you tomorrow
smile more again oh I'm out of it I
gotta go to bed
Oh
