what up guys good morning to you this is
nice this is how you get around here
looking for books
it's a nice morning no Sun but it feels
great headed to the office now to meet
with producers and instead of taking a
car I thought I'd take a skateboard
penny board who had I made it I do
I totally ate concrete in front of this
old lady shoes she is on the sidewalk I
went around her and then next thing I
know it was on the ground I wish I was
filming she said are you okay
poor poor girl oh I missed this place
one of my favorite parts about coming
here is they're always stocked with
oatmeal and I love oatmeal do this it's
first come first serve so this is where
I sit from the rest of the week
basically at this table
I got a Jared here and did only remember
your name okay this is very these two
guys I I can't tell you much about the
movie you know that I told you that but
these two guys you guys did bad grandpa
man
bad grandpa what was that like the best
thing ever it's pretty fun it's it takes
it long that was a lot of hard work he's
camera shy he's not used to be an on
camera but these guys are like legends
in this business producing this stuff
and making it happen and they're here to
make sure now they're literally from
jackass bad grandpa you name it they
were there and they're here to make sure
that our movie doesn't go straight to
the 299 section of Walmart no promises
though right thing is goes better all
right so it's what time is it man what
time is it
7:20 we just work we just worked through
the whole day I'm a ride home
good day guys yeah
ya see tomorrow 10:00 a.m. see you huh
me later oh you just got a kiss
Oh sexy sex and we're off right here
feels like I just walked in now I'm
walking out whoo
I honestly can't tell you how excited I
am guys like to fly off to LA and have
the same producers working on my movie
as the guys that did bad grandpa and
Nitro Circus it seems impossible like I
don't feel like I feel like I'm dreaming
I feels like a dream oh it's crazy man I
don't even know to say all right back at
the apartment back head back at my new
my new place to sleep I know I'm gonna
get ready and go meet with Who am I
gonna go meet with Who am I gonna go
meet with hmm all right just got to the
Beverly Center and I ran into the dope
fresh nation would hop Roman soldiers
actually this is where I was coming to
hang out this is where I was coming out
with us boy from a good I think this is
a good time it's been a long time
right big guns coming up nothing how do
you like him so we're looking for
somewhere to eat Jessie's all about hell
yeah like naturally skinny to do I'm
gaining weight dude I got to be careful
my age is catching up to me man all
right PF Changs it is I love this place
dude don't - a shooter go ahead ladies
great just don't forget to smile
so Jesse's all talking about was healthy
food look at all this food your honor
this is all yours
what's up what's up healthy fries yep
we're not even eating man we're so
healthy we don't even eat that's right
this just finished up eating like pigs
dude I didn't know you could put down
like that I had I'm not gonna fit that
so enter much longer boy I'm in the gym
right now right that's so we are uh not
hitting the gym I guarantee that there's
a fat burger right here you guys later
you want a burger I'm hungry is that bad
burger oh yeah how's your night going
man really busy yet is crazy I I'm
headed back home hung out with my man
Jesse we're gonna do some pranks for you
guys and uh fun stuff back again back
again nothing in the fridge we state
that's cool hang out Jesse man I have
not like hung out with him for a while
we don't really do much just ate talked
about some future prints that are coming
up I'm actually going to go to Philly
that's where they live that's for Jesse
and Jeana live and do some more pranks
together we actually done we've actually
done a lot of price together if you've
watched my channels um long enough then
you've seen them we pulled pranks on
Jesse we've done public pranks together
and they always come out really good so
definitely uh definitely gonna try to uh
hook you guys up with some new pranks
with them the dope fresh nation Roman
soldiers combination can you imagine
yeah yeah yeah all right guys tomorrow
it's filming actually tomorrow
it's meetings and come on steve-o come
on steve-o All Tomorrow's
blasted I can't wait that dude is the
man we're gonna have a blast and turn it
up a notch for you guys here we go
Wednesday new prank and I'm shooting for
the main channel I'll bring you guys
along for that no worries I just found
this little clip on my computer I got to
show you it's it's a super old sketch
that me and my brother made and I the
reason I found it cool is not because of
the video but because it's before Cain
was even born
Noah is so young and you get to see a
little clip of Zeus when he was a puppy
watch this oh yeah looks like we got a
first birthday windspeed
oh my god nice Sean I do nervous boo so
mad all right let's pack it up oh man
the sketch days I don't know if you guys
remember the sketch days but that's what
I used to do every week on YouTube was
make ridiculous videos and uh they were
fun I had a blast
look I'm just saying have you ever
actually seen the pyramids like in real
life
Greggy totally just shattered my world
view yeah
hurts no need y'all gangbangers I just
got our big break son i neva playin
around dude this is like the real deal
on my phone right now do it on my v-mail
are y'all ready are y'all ready Roman
why are you talking like that I'll tell
you why I'm talking like this graves got
a big bright Sun on a shell been talking
about I got a voice muffled t-pain
sharda Oh t-pain sucks
isn't he stuck on a boat somewhere yet
did he die of AIDS when I strippers on
my with shut up fools it's a real chance
we'll offer tuna tea for us
listen to this yo this is TV
joy stick me sketch it by I need a new
promotion from my leg Johnny he wants us
to make a commercial for his new
microphone we don't even have one hell
yeah
hey Romans I think even work oh yeah
work swag Roman dude that sounds like
t-pain drowning in a pong that's why
crazy
the hell with we cannot make a
commercial for that the hell we can't J
cause Adi Sony contract with me why
won't you show all the things that
actually does do it's a good idea cuz it
doesn't sound like t-pain get ready kids
the new t-pain microphone does more than
make you sound like shit you can do
things like use it as a hammer
hang that shit on your friends can even
pull wit makes a mean paper way stuff it
in your pants that's right make your
junk look you get your workout on tough
guy makes put on your shoes easy stretch
your fat ass with it get mad pussy shove
it inside your girl's big open eat
cereal just like t-pain
oh yeah crack eggs with it stir that
shit up after just five minutes with
this mic all you'll want to do is wash
it down a toilet warning this mic will
not make you sound like t-pain in fact
side effects her depression thoughts of
suicide extreme regret you even need
anger management a new place to live
when your mom finds out you spent $50 on
this piece of shit alright guys I'm
actually gonna end this vlog now I got a
ton to do including it this vlog edited
shower cleanup shave blah my name is
wipe my butt you guys know you guys know
what I'm talking about tomorrow's big
day lots of meetings and don't--what
stiva like I said so I love you guys
sorry for such short vlog I'll get you
I'll get you later I'll get you later I
love you guys thanks so much for hanging
out coming with me to LA and being so
supportive thanks for all the likes on
these videos you guys I can't thank you
enough I can see you're all dead I'm
tired
oh he's awesome I love you guys don't
forget to put a giant smile on your face
you know you got a smile right under
your nose
give you some fries friend paces I love
you guys we'll see them all smile boy
bye I love you so much give me hug
squeeze tight No
