hey guys good morning to you a big day
for us I'm super excited to show you
they are bringing in the rock to get
this tank started man I can't wait
supposedly it will be full of water
today I've even put a GoPro in here to
time-lapse them filling all the rock
what do you doing buddy of yours so they
got these massive live rocks man these
are amazing a lot of them I will bring
to life on my own but this is all out of
the ocean this is gonna be so oh my god
man
I may be speechless by the time the
water goes in this tank good all right
bye mommy
see how it naturally wants to sit up huh
so I want to set this I think
mmm I like that I like how it's a corner
piece I want to set it up so one of the
funnest parts about having a creme I
used to have reef tanks in my old house
and one of the funnest part is designing
all the rock inside this is all real
rock from the ocean it's absolutely
beautiful and it comes to life and
things live on it and live in it and it
just creates a natural reef environment
for your fish and your corals and
designing is super polite these people
these pieces are extreme
so this right here is how you get rocks
stacked on top of other rocks it's kind
of like cheating so we take these
acrylic rods and you drill holes into
the rock and you can slide them on top
of each other three inches on just the
rock so I'd give it yeah all right the
boy down boy
come on yeah okay it's a typical Ohio
day right here baby
nasty looks like kind of like the end of
the world
Oh some LEDs do not like cameras no way
bang I need a little rock so emerald
crab yeah hey look what he's got
what is it yeah
trav yeah he's pretty he just came in on
one of the rocks yeah well save on we'll
put them in put them in the tank and
swim around with the fish and fire 25
gallons
here's 125 gallons of water and these
are all full of water run all the way
hey buddy that'll run all the way into
the tank 300 gallons got to go into here
you want a banana yeah you gotta get it
reach reach reach here we go let's see
if she holds water dang man I'm so glad
I put the GoPro here behind the tank
bubbles Wow yeah we can have a bunch of
fish yeah bluefish know some Nemo's
look who just get here what's up buddy
how you doing yeah yeah what do you
think of the tank you're just gonna
shake your head all day it's really
cloudy right now so I want to show you
guys our quick behind-the-scenes to this
fish tank this is this is this is just
stuff everywhere
they've built a room they've added a
sink and then the aquarium all these
hoses run into this room into this big
barrel and these are mixing containers
and what does this trash can do this is
going to top off the tank for that focus
so it always keeps water in the tank at
the same level yeah you got you have to
do that you can fill it up alright so
everything is going pretty good today
it's literally an aquarium building day
it's been already a couple weeks on this
project but today and mainly tomorrow is
the big like final the final aquarium
day so no and I
melon I he's a shy guy shy guy so this
is my buddy's place this is Todd's reef
farm and he grows everything I think I
showed you guys this just a few weeks
ago last week or something but he grows
everything here in a greenhouse yeah
what kind of urgent is that us it's a
big Halloween urgent Halloween oh yeah
it's hard to tell Connor he's all Kevin
algae Wow
it's way harder than I thought they'd be
yeah if I'm over theirs his mouth even
eating yeah it was he
that's one is this place is so cool to
greenhouse and he grows he grows all the
coral inside the greenhouse stays
natural naturally warm
and if you come in it you can buy all
the little quarrels that you want and
then then then over the year they grow
and bigger and bigger and then you can
cut them and grow your own
it's called fragging and it's absolutely
amazing I used to do it all the time
check him out
and these clams are really cool cuz
they'll shut when I rub their hand their
room
they did it a little bit okay see if I
can get this one too
never
don't know if you guys know this but
there's tons of different breeds of
clownfish you have your classic like ah
Solaris looking clown and then you have
these check out this black ice look at
that lead his side dude he is wicked get
that black ice climbers that place is so
what do you think of that man in there a
lot two kinds that's a lot did I you
just take you there when you're a little
kid like three years old all the time
yeah when we had our old brief tanks you
are not even Kane's age probably know
you were Cain's age two three years old
siding huh all right we're headed back
home actually a stop to the gas station
because we're so thirsty
about the dry rot turn into a desert yes
I can
hi okay where's Noah where's Noah
there's nobody yeah where's mommy
there's my mom hey you wanna brush the
routine
come on come on guys Rob come up you
brush your teeth
I don't rush my teeth don't brush my
teeth still cloudy wasn't recording I
just jumped out at them but when I
jumped I hit the record button off
doesn't matter it's dark night times
like trying to get two tigers in their
cage oh I love you I love you me kiss ha
ha hey night soldiers there's no more
say no more
goodnight big dog you're not putting
jammies on those are jammies all right
Noah's guys first big soccer game
tomorrow you ready or what very nervous
you just got to get out there and attack
Hey if you have kids I don't have to
explain what it's like to get your kids
to bed if you don't have kids I can't
explain the kids are in bed and that
only means one thing staring contest
all right no residue on both mine I
don't know how to do both fuss sizzle
right there already
yeah I used to be so good okay all right
ready no I'm not ready yeah yeah no yeah
okay you said yo and it wrecked
everything that's ugh I'm the worst to
keep a straight face she always beats me
Hey all right fine
it's I just can't look at you I can keep
a straight face for our I know my set
Hey
I can't I can't look away like I'm fine
like this I have to get in as soon as I
look at you it's over here Eddie you're
so funny that was me
alright guys it's all we got for you
today and I got to get up so early
nose for soccer game I'm super excited
off that I want to go so bad but it's
just so gross outside Akane yeah it's
it's Ohio is can't afford to see what
miss nasty weather
everybody that's from Ohio knows one
time about whatever it's nasty it sucks
so but that's what's fun about soccer
you get to play in the mud and have a
good time you're - you're 9 years old
it's fun but it's hard for two-year-olds
so that's all I got for you guys
tomorrow they come and this is what I've
really been waiting for so the tank is
up it's built it looks great it's very
pretty but tomorrow they come and they
rock this whole wall the whole wall is
going to match our fireplace so this
whole wall is going to be stone rock and
the tank is basically maybe sydney
sitting in the stuff that's really cool
it's gonna be really pretty hopefully
they get it all done tomorrow
huge process a little the lights and
things like that yeah actually they
might they might bring us some fish
tomorrow we'll see but I love you guys
thanks so much for hanging out like
these vlogs I will see you cleaned up
old cereal ah alright guys we love you
we'll see you tomorrow
so I'm on one psychotic elevator man
it's like a cow was murdered alright
Nashville you're gonna miss your weather
and what
