hey guys good morning I got to thank you
so much for watching yesterday's vlog
that was a real treat for me to be able
to do that and take you guys along with
me but we're out of here we're out of
Nashville you my dad are packing up I'm
actually ready and we're headed out so
let's go let's go back to Columbus this
is one psychotic elevator in half it's
like a cow was murdered alright
Nashville we're gonna miss your weather
and what I've heard it's cold and you
guessed it raining in Columbus right now
you can't hit the open road without a
big hearty breakfast Bob Evans got what
I want how you get the same thing every
time tons of food that's what it's
Costin potatoes eggs bacon sausage and
gravy you guys drooling yeah are you
hungry
looks like you got about the same thing
yeah yeah can't resist it just like that
we are fueled and ready to fight fight
in the road seven hours six and a half
maybe we don't like traffic you must be
getting really close to all that most be
Ohio up there
Wow time to get that gasps baby spend
that money see all right guys what
is the best gas station snack in the
world is it chips is it nut is it beef
jerky is it candy man so many options I
fell hard man I fell hard for the chips
and this I had one of these for so long
Willy Wonka I think that's the next
Factory I gotta go visit man willy wonka
factory but nobody ever comes out so
that would be my last vlog all right
it's my turn to drive
daddy's been spoiling me give you some
rest
Cincinnati you're a beast
all right we just skipped that whole
trip that was about a 15-second drive
home yeah all right hey mommy
Hey how are you Oh check out dad's new
guitar yeah start calling you a good
deed doer good deed doer yeah I'll take
that
let's see that gold here comes it's a
beast well you don't know this but
before we were even married your dad
went out and bought a Les Paul Custom it
was the antique white and he spent
probably five paychecks on it we were
like holy crap that's a nice guitar yeah
but but tell everybody how much he sold
it for later I don't remember it never
seemed like as much selling it but when
the kids came money just didn't go as
far I made my dad sell as Les Paul for
300 bucks
diapers are expensive man that's awesome
okay back look good with the two that's
cool all right well I'm glad you're
happy you had a good time beautiful I'm
gonna go see my kids Brittany I had a
blast with your family oh yeah
my mom stayed with Brittany while I was
gone she has that fun good felt good
being with them we'll enjoy your new toy
man I'm gonna go hang mine up yeah there
you go
it was good to be back home in Columbus
I I'm so glad you guys came along thank
you for whatching supporting and liking
the vlogs my dad had a
and it was so fun to take him on that
trip we don't get a lot of time together
anymore because I'm really busy
traveling all the time and you know I
got my own family and it's just hard so
it was a real treat thank you guys so
much did you miss me
I missed you more yeah mommy don't come
attacking me you have to come in the
light okay
shift on it should i blog it do you want
to vlog did you miss it
there you go waiting for daddy huh we'll
fight me you gotta fight me put your
fight face on oh did you get some new
bean bags
that's Noah's oh man we're gonna watch
some movies on there all right now
I've seen this before though I've shown
him this is where you are or were see
this is cool
getting a little guitar yoho-o hyo's got
a turkey and a tie a mud tire yeah make
sense which state do you guys live in
and then you can see what's on here what
is in your state if you live in the
States
where's Alaska Hawaii yeah it's pretty
cool I like it
California's got the Sun what feels
really good to be home and Kane that
shirt means a lot to me let me see your
shirt
what's it say dad is my hero addicted to
love what about my nails I assume those
are cool you did a really good job
caring that a really good scare can you
say oh man can you say smile more dad
all the click cuz up cuz I always do
that say smile that's pretty good
Kane thinks that the click comes after
smile more no matter what like your
socks
so I'm a woman we're not doing anything
nothing where I think we're gonna watch
a movie and just hang out
they made some good progress on the tank
today actually they got the LEDs
installed three sets these things are
monsters man after every great trip you
gotta have only the best and that is
cereal you soon let's do some crunch as
this is there a better cereal in the
world than cinnamon toast crunch like
it's always good at any time it is
alright guys this is probably honestly
the shortest vlog I've ever done I don't
know a kid maybe not
yesterday was the longest vlog today
could be the shortest I gotta go though
I'm gonna just hang out for the night
and in this night with the fam but I
love you guys thanks so much for hanging
out tomorrow's a new day I will see you
then keep smiling smile more what about
safety we have to look cool the high
speed we're traveling you know you're
coming into a factory when you got to
put on safety glasses
