what's up guys leaving Kentucky right
now empty-handed with no prank Tom had
to have - Tom had to head to
Indianapolis for stand-up gig and
supposably
well Chase has gotten rid of supposedly
they're calling for like baseball sized
hail today Kentucky I'm good oh good
thing I brought my Louisville Slugger
yeah what's next like tornadoes made of
spaghetti you couldn't start raining
like baseball clogs
so we are we're leaving Kentucky no
prank
very very depressing so hard on my my
anxiety and I didn't bring hairspray so
this is just I'm a mess ha I'm a lovely
mess alright guys we are we're hitting
subway
I haven't eaten over 24 hours due to my
stomach infection whatever it was aids I
can't remember anyway we're stopping a
subway because it's 1 p.m. and we still
haven't even edited vlogs so we're going
to edit and upload here and then
continue driving home what a life we
live huh hi ladies he say hi hi I need
you to say hi hi this is it right now we
are just working uploading vlog is
compressing now had half a sub it's the
first thing I've eaten uh I did have
some crackers last night I hoped and
then we're a while bound maybe Kyle Bown
hi hour and a half later videos are up
and five and just you guys wondering yes
I am wearing clothes two days in a row
though so let's all scrubby I am I have
a choice though I packed for one day I
packed for one day and came here for two
so
just never know what you got to do when
you got to do it do what you got to do
so you can do what you want to do that's
what I always say this is how you know
that you're entering Ohio yeah that's
the state line not even not even kidding
that is the state line of Ohio right
here we're getting ready to enter Ohio
look at that yeah it looks like death Oh
baby just get me home we've been stuck
in traffic traffic looking for my
chapstick there's a full maverick that's
a million dollar song right dad will you
talk to somebody
all right man hey horn honking Lord I
need to talk to people that's why I talk
to you guys all day man we're so close
honestly though you know what I love
about traffic ask me ask me what I like
about something what do you love about
traffic
nothing where's Kane where's my daddy my
daddy daddy all right so we're back home
got a nice shower got to change clothes
can you need clothes on I was in the
same clothes for like I wear them pants
three days in a row I was a dirt ball
but anyway Oh easy easy uncle Roman
still don't feel right I'm not I'm not
I'm not um
I'm not pulling everywhere but my
stomach's still so upset I don't know
what I did for everyone every face
thanks for driving home
thanks for messing up this week's video
thanks for uh getting me home dude I'm
upset well I think you should get away
from me I am getting away from you right
now all right guys I have I've never had
to do this to you but I need to end this
vlog I'm just living on or around any
toilet that I can find I'm I'm done
I'm gonna go to sleep early and
hopefully kick this because it's killing
me it's like it's so uncomfortable I
feel terrible
look out battle if I don't spike my hair
up I thought you should be going to a
church or something
I don't know I love you guys forgive me
I will get back tomorrow I feel good and
ready to rock
thanks for coming home with me from
Kentucky I will see you guys tomorrow
keep your head up matter what try to
smile always
you're awesome I'll see you tomorrow
mama a girly stuff
Oh mmm mmm Paul it looks like an apple
dude
