get your mouth your mouth taped shut
mouth taped shut all right let's go to
the zoo the Columbus Zoo
you guys ready okay what is that what
are we doing riding camels
Oh big bite yeah there's a big bike what
do you think it's awesome so camels with
one hump are dromedary camels camels
with two humps or what Bactrian camels
that's good to know
what you think I'm really cool it's
super bumpy huh that birds got a mohawk
man plane is crashed but we can't get
out of the plane because there's lions
dude what are we gonna do what are we
gonna do it doesn't care if we don't get
this plane flying we're gonna get eaten
by lions guys come on push some stuff
Oh sounds like our motors broke you way
that definitely saw a baby come on you
know mr. jumping's bears jumping I just
want to put a big fish on a string and
pull it every time the bear goes to grab
it I pulled it run the Bears the Bears
turn it off all right we just left the
zoo we had a blast we tried to go to the
waterpark we just ran out of time you
guys have fun what was your favorite
animal today
giraffe and cheetah cheetah was awesome
what about you it was your favorite
dinky yang ah the choo-choo ride oh how
about you baby my cheetah I think I'm
gonna get a whole sleeve just it's like
my kitchen maybe a cheetah cat it's
funny no one was like that's my favorite
animal and then this cheat out of
nowhere just runs oh it's the glass
right - Noah that was awesome we just
stopped at our favorite place on earth
oh this kid falls asleep every time we
get in the car
are you faking it he's not faking it oh
you want to film it okay see that what
wrong this is the best you ever want to
build a coaster Tower this is the best
way stack them like this I think this
goes for cards too
this way right here is unstoppable and
you can just keep going up host we had
more maybe I should ask for one hey take
that come on come on oh my gosh he'll
sit it Danny I'm so bored
alright my freeze gun head didn't work
at all
I thought you're gonna freeze up
alright unfreeze yeah but you got a free
standing straight up ready go what's up
oh right
come give me a hug come give me a hug II
can't daddy's going Bob I need a hug II
oh oh my gosh
I took my soffit yourself not all right
you guys have an awesome night Hey
my neck is sober honey
I want one of them movie award kisses
you know the room one day we'll get one
of them movie award kisses all right I
love you I love you more
all right so uh I had to bail tonight
headed to canoe avail Kentucky the film
pranks all day tomorrow with Tom one of
my favorite pranksters in the world
dang Tom shut up hate this guy hey hey
ah Jason are headed to Kentucky tonight
and dude I'm gonna throw this thing
seriously though we're on our way I'm
driving so chase can literally work on
work he just never stops
you just can't can't stop can't stop you
got to make the booty drop we're on the
road beautiful night for our drive we're
going to arrive at 1:00 a.m. to Kentucky
we made it we made it we made it to the
gas station come on best part about road
trips and they're rockin in here best
part about road trips is the snacks the
junk and the drinks whoo so many
decisions when in the hell that Gatorade
come out with protein shakes good
Gatorade has protein shakes it's not
hydrating
there
there's 20 grams protein damn it's like
eating a steak Dennis hey what's up oh
god you're not Dennis you're not there
has made it to Cincinnati this is
Cincinnati is exactly the halfway point
from Columbus to Louisville Kentucky
almost to the number two hour mark
straight up now tell me do you really
want to love me forever
no I honestly had no idea we were this
close to Indiana this
it's not it's like what not even one
inch away ice we just got the Tommies
office
little Tommy oh man I got I got some
shit to sell yeah washing where'd you
get this man that this - at the antique
road show this was at the you know what
this was a Abraham Lincoln is from wool
he's from Kentucky
that's his count a lot people say which
came first the chicken or this computer
and I got there the yards do this place
is jammed building the road that would
uh sweet uh I got a roaming it out back
in the backyard yeah mm-hmm that's wrong
you have to respect the fleet tom so
determined to get these speakers to work
for you make it work I can do this
he wants the show yeah he wants to show
you guys these speakers so bad they look
cool man you put a goldfish in there
right right Oh
let me get this one that one doesn't
look that one lost
I just need water in there it's out of
water
Tom's this is Tom's vlog camera listen
this is actually the camera Tom vlogs on
right here look at that it's nice dude
that you know a lot mister flip out
screen circus city oh it even rotates
look at that that's great this is a lot
people know this but this is the camera
they used during Star Wars where blog on
stars all right so just warp to Tom's
house I love the wallpaper this is this
is where we're crashing tonight this is
great man it bit me did you miss me did
you miss me Parker's awesome Barbara's
like the best
I would like Parker man he's just so
cool he just laid-back he hangs around
innocent hair yeah he's out all right
guys I'm gonna end the vlog now I'm beat
to death it's 1:30 in the morning I love
it which means pillowcases they came
with pillowcases
that's a purchase you guys know every
time I come stay with Tommy always I
bought you don't fills the hotel room
700 calories up up in her account she he
went out by all new sheets all new
pillows just so we can sleep on this
dirty count
I think if I've been cheaper to put you
guys up at the Ritz yeah Hey look at
this what the hell is this it's for a
Camacho she yeah all right I gotta go I
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
phone big frags all there
Wow there it was Oh
