but I'm rolling I'm rolling on the most
current of current vlogs possible this
is the most current day vlog I've ever
made in my life oh good timing bad
timing - it is current day very clear
I'm gonna go check on there's so much
going on at this house Kane had 103
point 5 was it 25 doesn't matter
can't have super fever all day yesterday
it was it was really kind of painful
nitros healthy are you huh what's matter
you don't like the camera you don't like
the camera sucks he likes the camera
yeah chase is eating my sausage how's my
sausage I don't have any chance to eat
yet
how many meat not a pretty good pretty
good looks good about current day vlogs
everybody that watches it a notification
squad you know you're it's kind of cool
to get to know what's happening right
now like as you're watching this just
happened I know it's thinking like maybe
this is the new style of logging only
current days you have the most update
version of the out words possible right
talk about it's like red shirt bro it's
like snapchat no it can never work most
your day takes place during the day you
won't have time to edit and post it but
here we are right now setting up for the
kids for the first time ever they are
sharing a birthday party meaning Noah in
King's birthday parties you're being
celebrated today right now I'm going to
show you the setup this place is wild so
we're locking out with the beautiful
weather which is crazy suppose to be
like 75 today we've got a dunk tank
right here the kids are gonna be out
throw balls and dunk us I don't know I'm
sure you've seen how these things work
but you throw a ball somebody sits on
the little diving board and then you
fall in if they hit you got this crazy
blow up down here canes down here right
now you got this crazy thing that you
have to run across these inflatable I
think it's still filling up and then
these big giant inflatables back here
it's like an obstacle course I think are
you feeling better today a little bit
this poor kid was so sick yesterday this
morning I had to go back to bed with him
in his tiny bed I was all crunched up we
fell back to sleeping he was not gonna
make it today so we're hoping he feels
better and be able to plan all this
crazy stuff but you can't play on this
this thing is absolutely huge oh my god
you have to do is it like three
different races empires like what is
going
on you guys are taking over the grass
what am I supposed to eat today you guys
know we've always got something going on
here but our well we're on well water
means our water to our home comes from
the ground not the city we've got a leak
in our well so we've got Dan out here
digging bulk time she's out here to do
what's going on man it's always
something huh
I thought our yard was finally done okay
since its current Dan we're kind of
making up for yesterday's lack of vlog
we're gonna bust out the GoPro and do
leaf blower verse mouth this is
hilarious we've done it one time I was
on our iPhones come on that was 120 120
this will be double the slo-mo and I got
something for you to wear while we do
this she's getting ready to rock and
roll
taking country wear this while I do the
leaf blower bit the cat's been planning
it dude it looks like it's like I got a
little blow-up theme park out here huh I
don't know there's yeah I don't know
just the best I can find but I figured
with wind you know like in the movies I
know the girls they put a fan the hair
blows its birthday wigs big red baby in
slo-mo you look beautiful man why don't
why my wind is woke for the wind we're
actually a couple of hours from the
party actually starting so the kids are
starting to itch and they're getting
here and they're like I want to get on
and play well I don't know think that's
you bro someone face well that's why the
cats did kind of make it their personal
play toy beast Libre you are barbaric so
great all right we got the big leaf
blower this thing blows your face off
man and it's got this little narrow
nozzle so it's just so powerful you guys
ready let's do it
great for this big party today boy yes
we've been waiting a long time but now
it's starting to blow country's hair
back I predict that hair is gonna just
fly off and will they go we got to keep
it on like a comb like I'm trying to
brush it like like I'll just act like
like back home
or needs to be going in your mouth so
your face yeah we're aiming for the
heart let's do this let's do it I'll
start light blue
I'm not even blowing the trigger oh yeah
like a pirate
you can't breathe you can't breathe
it dries out so bad just click the
drying
meet some ladies ladies
yeah Veronica honey you're needed you
need it outside super important the goal
is to hold it as long as you can you
gotta hold it and you got open your
mouth and like be funny here we go we
gotta find some kids man we gotta find
some whew they got so much energy right
now waiting for this birthday to start
it's called turn Fiona Western
hit on he actually looks like he'd be
down for it he's like well maybe
yeah baby okay guys so you know the
drill this is like the vlog that
wouldn't go up I've had two of these in
the last ten days I do apologize but
yesterday was a horrible day it was a
good day but it was just Kane was so
sick he's on the couch all day we tended
to him and we just had to do what we had
to do his parents and bringing out a
camera and trying to make the day more
exciting that actually was was just was
hard Kane was that time he went to bed I
played battlegrounds all night with
chase and we we just call it this we
woke up this morning we started this for
you
this is super current so this is
actually what's happening right now and
we will continue the real giant birthday
bash for tomorrow's vlog it's gonna be
crazy country's getting the dunk tank
dude those kids are gonna drill you boy
that you don't think they got the arm
strength you know why I think they've
been practicing yesterday because all of
them keep looking at me going like this
cartridge so today is gonna be
incredible just a fun time for the fam
and the kids and we will see you guys
tomorrow
thanks for any love you can give this
video because usually when I when I just
do these type of videos either love it
or you hate it so hopefully we get some
love today better than nothing right you
guys always say just don't load anything
it's better than nothing so that's what
I'm doing right now love you guys so
much you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile
