good morning guys I always start my
vlogs in a car if you've noticed it's
just habit I don't know that's when I
pull my camera out anyways I'm going to
do something day that I never get to do
and that's just take my mother out my
beautiful mother take her out for the
day and we're gonna hang out together
and we just don't get enough time so
we're going to do that today so picked
up my mom and I'm taking her and taking
her if you guys remember I went to that
really cool furniture store that has all
the fancy stuff as you can see we
brought my little car so that we didn't
spend any money it's our very cool place
so see if they got any new cool stuff
for us hello we're back that's good
thank you thank you
hi that's your mom this is my mother
yeah
only here can you find things like this
it's a table yeah you can't even really
bad but look at the fish on him I know
it's at the fish in his head it's
beautiful huh is this bed here is this
bed here good for playing board games
yeah over here
yeah play a lot of board games there
yeah you can have champagne I really
want this for a Kane's room how cool is
this lamp
I love it well that was fun you liked it
you bought one thing again for somebody
else yeah
you went up there that awesome store you
bought something for somebody else
yeah but I'm going back for many yeah
once you go in a place like that you
just look and then you go back like I
need it yeah decide in one shot so we're
cutting early I am NOT I think I'm
finally it's hitting me I'm finally
getting sick or something so we're gonna
cut this short
unfortunately I'm gonna go home and
probably sleep for an hour then I gotta
go get Noah bye mama I love you I'll see
you soon all right have a great day
yep you too no I feel so bad after leave
my mom we've been planning like to try
to get a day together for so long and we
finally get one and I'm just weak and
sore and I got chills I'm definitely
going down hard but uh I got a stop
number you guys know that Zeus has an
eye disease that makes basically
eventually he can go blind it's so sad
but I got to stop by the vet make sure
they have his medicine so hopefully they
have it $400 later
I've got Zeus's eyedrops so expensive
man it's like a cream that you have to
put in his eyes and it's an eye drop
twice a day every day it's pretty
difficult anybody wanted German Shepherd
all right anybody wanted for you how did
me
my sweetie is all for us today
put a sock Tom by himself wow really
you did that by yourself yeah well guys
our blinds finally got installed and all
the all the rooms I think now I can
finally take a shower without thinking
the neighbors are filming me doing the
helicopter Noreen not really much time
to relax I took getting cold in sinus
and it's helping me on my feet I
couldn't really take a nap because
Noah's ready
he was at a place called kosai today
which is a really cool place and I'm
actually going to pick him up right now
and then hopefully take it easy for the
rest of the day I really am not up to
par you can hear it you can hear it my
shitty little voice can't you I think
one of my biggest problems is when I get
sick I don't stop I think when most
people get sick they they rest and relax
and make it better me I can't sit still
I have to keep moving I have to keep
vlogging I keep filming editing and I
love it I love being busy all the time
but I think if I just rested I to
actually get better I don't know I'm not
doctor this stop Jeff oh yes you sorted
look you decided to show up today
what's up mr. Gilroy what's up mr.
Carlin what's up mr. Carson what's up
mr. no wha yeah dude
you've been coming over here so much
that I've been seeing Carson Daly daily
hahaha that's so funny
ha yeah you don't mess ha ha that mr.
mustache oh those are fightin words do
you have fun cookie pouring in the sink
Kane just came in Noah's like he fell in
the mud
you've even got mud on your diaper no
that's not mud it's not that's mud but
adios amigos sitted okay good I drove
see see see you tomorrow let's see what
these kids are doing friggin Chase is
going to the beach tomorrow man it's
pretty out ah really Priya what are you
guys doing Colin you get some toilet
water
now I murdered Elmo hi I'm I murdered
yeah I murdered Elmo honest rumor is
that I murdered almost Rob well now I'm
gonna murder you all right I'm going in
okay perfect don't wash your guys's
dirty butts
wait what are we gonna do with this hey
look awesome Oh way to put in the
microwave
you're gonna put soap in the microwave I
do not approve of this
no damn I but I think oh no and look
different hey he's open that's what my
homeboy does it's like a miniature mile
digging it down here is this safe
yeah or will it blow up in your faces
smells like pizza rolls on there it does
Peter awesome oh-ho it's like blue ego I
was it it looks like a boy's room oh my
god oh no I don't want to clean your
butt with that yeah this smells really
good it does oh no I bet you won't make
it in there I don't think you ready baby
why did we put our food in there you
have to clean it cuz then it with
everything your taste likes it looks
sound like a blown-out marshmallows it
hard or soft I know not what's going on
wait wait let's pull it up oh wait I
won't feel it I think it's it I care
look it's like a fluffy watch out no I
think it got too much tomorrow but what
your sister you're supposed to be able
to mold it into okay feels like paper
towels it is feels like paper towels oh
my gosh that soap just turned into paper
towel oh my gosh
mmm smells so good yes my cake almost
did I brought you don't okay labor is
what you're supposed to be on a dude
it was mullah in the different oh yeah
oh that was awesome I had no I did you
guys know you could do that does it have
to be a certain so to me that I agree
all right if you guys want to try that
supposedly has to be ivory soap and I
don't know most you already know about
this I did not know you could do that
Oh what they should do is just freaky
result get that soap be like mom I just
want to bar self-forgetting throat yeah
so first I'm having soap that's really
cool
well this is my night right here Noah
player iPad Britney over computer Owen
plan iPod never touch something I don't
know let me show you came
Kate front-nine now he passed out I
cannot believe Kate is already asleep
actually Lucy you ready for your eye
drops come on set to put these drops in
twice a day for our dog now look at her
he's got really good with the drops but
the cream later good boy good boy
he doesn't so good barrel okay we gotta
do the other side
getting his cream and do that side oh
wait not baby that's a good boy good oh
my god good boy see that got in there
well that worked really good good boy
jelly it's our boy my lizard
yep come on come on come over here to
mommy
my friends out yeah buddy get some air
where's the cream not one more one more
good boy Zeus come on let's get a big
old treat some bacon some bacon easy
easy
good boy all right guys that's really
our night don't have anything left
tomorrow's a big day
the new aquarium comes gets delivered in
the morning I'm going to the RC shop
which is always fun I take the kids and
this is usually what we do every night
is we get this house back in order
restart for the next day all right guys
we love yet until tomorrow you know what
to do smile more
yeah he's eaten egg yeah yeah dad yeah
yeah don't beat me up don't beat you
yeah okay I'm gonna wash my hands
wash my hands you want it on your face
here
