what up guys little hometown of Miller
sport Ohio today getting uh
fan mail got to pick this stuff up you
guys have blown it up they they call me
and tell me there's too much here so I
always gotta come get you know it's bad
when the post office has to rubberband
all the envelopes together it's awesome
I love it I think what we're gonna have
to do is I feel like I'm leaving so many
people out I think we're gonna have to
do is just dedicate an entire video to
just fan mail instead of trying to fit
into a vlog because the blood would be
honestly like an hour long if I do if I
read all the mail and I think that would
be cool
especially for anybody that it's an
email I think I'd be cool alright so I
had to come back home we are going to a
comedy club Britney and I we're going
Wow oh wait look at you what does that
mean where's my charger I'm out here do
a little spin for me
what's yeah anyway we are gonna take
Kane in actually Noah staying with my
mom are they easy are they staying with
her tonight
yeah maybe we'll see about that
I don't know so we're getting ready
right now to head up to Easton to the
funny bone comedy club I don't know if I
can pull this shirt off man no I mean I
don't know if I can pull it off over my
head part Kane I need you to be really
honest with me okay I need you to really
focus and tell me Kane do you like my
shirt huh yeah that's like a dad I don't
want to disappoint you yeah Kane do you
like my shirt candy like my shirt the
more energy I give the more he gives
alright we're up here at Easton Ohio
about to see what's this
look Tesla has their own parking spot so
if you have a Tesla electric car you can
actually park your car here that's
almost worth the money right there hey
what's the name is guy Corey honeycomb
Corey Holcomb like that Corey Holcomb I
don't know do you know this guy's known
we just know he's funny Corey Holcomb I
was right
you're I need money it's a nerd like
psych fairy cherry food vol get the
funny bomb chicken quesadillas I got the
kids the kids played chicken fingers and
fries those would good dude those the
only steal one of those these are my
favorite huh what'd you get dress club
you're so fancy you're so fancy and of
course I had to go with Kurama tonight
yeah without to know the delay okay that
was an awesome show right yeah there's
another part that is like oh come on get
your buddies over here uh they are my
friend back there I'll stalk him what's
up you guys just going to watch from a
distance or what you're gonna come say
hi so uh Todd decides to show up and
redirect us in the wrong directions in
did you buy one two of them
wait so the trunks in the front yeah
what yeah that's insane it's actually a
big car is that where you actually ride
racer actually faces backwards I love it
can we can we just do a full
demonstration
Oh God got it right here
dude this car has a TV in this thing's
bigger than my teammate
they gotta push the base hit that bass
boost I'm not gonna lie I actually like
the car you got a trunk in the front and
you can put your girl in the back
shake your ride in the back well it's
got 222 miles muffins they're like 3/4
nuts got him in there shut him in that
row hey Todd it was fun hanging out we
got to go
a lot
so we gotta go we gotta go see it Todd
man in the trunk Walker he's beautiful
he's freaking out there's got to be a
button like every other car for the
figured I do he's really in there we
need help
no hood no Shannon
bro you're on your own okay now do it
Hey I could I could pull him out did I'm
so embarrassed right now we need
together how you doing how are you good
but if it doesn't know this is the life
of Roman Atwood right here haha Romans
are cool dude so what's up we like him
ice we're leaving this mall we're
leaving dude Oh work not work no no no
you are yeah exactly so we're out of
here we're leaving this place it's time
to go
and it's been fun it's been real but it
has it's been real fun
that's been a fun day coming to see pk
now it's been real fun yeah
hey dude hey man hey buddy hey pops it's
a madhouse my little boy is so sleepy
but you're done with school
no it's done with school give me five
thanks for watching the kids all these
crazy critters were raising a bunch of
crazy kids right we're back home finally
time for bed little boy hurry up boy
Noah's gotta go potty anyway Britney and
I had some drinks tonight so I gotta
thank my big bro
Domino Dale for bringing us home he he
doesn't drink never has ever in his life
which is pretty impressive big props to
him for that uh just gonna get the
family to bed now
oh and that's it that's what I got
you're crazy I am so freaking tired like
I feel like I've been up for like a
million Millennials Millennials what do
you want to do yeah all right guys I
love you is definitely time to call it a
day we're gonna play support games right
I don't know what kind of games you got
here cut ball my sleeve alright guys
that is definitely my calling I love you
I will see you tomorrow and new pranks
coming I'm planning a new public prank
which is gonna be awesome I can't wait
to do this one I love you guys I will
see you tomorrow
don't forget and you have to say it why
should I even say it I already know what
I'm gonna say
what frown more smile more guys we love
ya where we headed did
I mean
