hey guys good morning I had to drag my
butt out of bed I feel like complete
crap then I pretty drugged me out yeah
she's like take a bath get ready we're
headed to Kentucky but first we get to
go pick up our cameras from the from the
police station so I'm pumped about that
which means you guys get possibly two
vlogs tomorrow one from the day they
took the camera and this vlog so we'll
see what happens
gar let's go get my stuff so I'm here to
get my cameras hopefully this goes
smoothly
guess who's got their vlog camera back
all right I'm so happy
test this back I know you guys are happy
whoo-hoo this thing took a beating still
comes on all the footage is on it looks
like cameras back guys that means bonus
walking for you I don't know if it'll go
up today tomorrow it's just gonna be a
surprise you'll just have a bonus vlog
easy baby
now it's we're headed to Kentucky to
hang out with our buddy Tom mabe
Louisville Kentucky Kings Island that
would be fun
what's up Cincinnati just got into
Cincinnati as a quick it was like five
seconds it took us to get from Columbus
to Cincinnati that's record time for you
girl
we came here one day to film a cop prank
because in Columbus every company we
were so we came to Cincinnati and sure
enough like the cops were calling me out
by name they Roman not being in your
video today so we're pretty much exposed
right lucky enough that fun part getting
gas baby getting that gas what's up mr.
Sheriff you got a love gas stations
bathrooms man place reminds me of like
the bathroom from the first song we just
think it what what something you guys
asked a lot is what did Britney and I do
before my YouTube stuff took off and
what do you do baby
I worked at Angeles
there was a dental to set
smells everyday yeah she had she worked
at a dental office and I worked at my
parents wrote factory for 12 years I
made rope all kinds of rope rope for
boats horses rope for repelling trees
and rope factory so I was uh I worked
there for 12 years and then YouTube blew
up and I left my parents were actually
the ones that made me quit and like you
need to focus on YouTube stop coming in
here so after about a year of them
telling me to pursue YouTube I finally
did I finally quit work and I pursued
you two full time and now it's taken
over when Dad gain yeah once Caine was
born Britney decided to stay home and
it's worked um pretty good Tommy
so Tom you know it's not up follow me
calling her it's not every day I get to
see my granddaughter yeah yeah I say how
to pop off come on say how to pop up
it's not every day guys I get to see see
my granddaughter so no matter what every
time I come to Kentucky Tom refuses
refuses to let me buy my own hotel room
I'll show up and he's like I already got
your room and everything bla bla bla and
he always leaves a goodie box and look
like it love spray paint all right
tuna Oh a Tom mabe CD are we gonna need
that tonight some Hot Wheels gonna play
our games
inspect couple bananas
all these are mine Tom mabe everybody
this guy's but what he just go through
his garage just pulled stuff out of his
car scraping and I was always may always
make jokes with him like how many
cameras do you put in the hotel and sure
enough he just sets all GoPro in the
shower
oh this is one of the funniest guys I've
ever met in my life that's too funny man
Stephen a real GoPro it's a wonderful
view of the highway beautiful view the
harbor all right so we're going to meet
Tom for dinner sit down relax have some
food get some protein you look beautiful
you look beautiful
let's go okay we're on our way right now
to Tom's brand new office he's been
working on he's been so excited to show
me this I've been so excited to see it I
guess this is where he's doing all this
videos and voiceovers and audio stuff
now so we're gonna go check that out
real quick before we all right we're at
Tom's pad this is where this he's got no
warrants nothing like that
you've never done anything good did you
know I did run a mile on 14 minutes one
time I'm pretty I'm pretty fun it's
right after you got your fighter pilot a
fighter pilot yeah okay so this is my
office this your office beer town that's
right it's a Rome official I need it you
got a smile more sticker did you make
small more stickers ah I don't know if I
did that yeah we yeah she's always gone
well good come into this thick one where
I was and this is good because when I'm
working here I can look at your
achievements but actually this is your
office writer this is to be honest in
the drawers oh this one's one I want you
Zack doesn't want your deck it's the
same size but it's gonna sass - to the
officials laundry room did you put me in
the volume just maybe here we go this is
a this another size like a double wide
this place is huge
never walk on up this is a podcast room
and when I change clothes oh man
oh yeah Tommy hi hello I'm 114 years old
us understand you Maria now it's gonna
be here see this is great
nice okay we're gonna do out back but
Tom insisted tonight the horn dogs we do
Longhorns a lot of the horn corn at
Longhorn I'm just lesson sup man hey so
this is a long ones more dog what's this
place called lon
poor dog this long ones uh onion buzz
like me he's got like Outbacks but I
don't know how to try to get I didn't
put it it's better this is better he
said oh see do that rock mmm damn that I
knew it it's the sauce soy sauce is good
I just want the focus not out back it's
not out back not out that all right guys
it's time to draw look at this date baby
soaked and sauce
Roma's painting I got the honey baked
spam I come back ahead I have to pay
cause you bought my hotel every single
time no Tom no throw down hey I got your
hotel gotcha
got your hotel so still no peril cheesy
cheesy it is the best you gotta taste it
it's almost a crab flavor here my
darling yeah I forgot that's far enough
it's good we're leaving a long hole in
the horn log the horn dog horn dogs or
dogs we're going to what's this place
called what kind of gas batch of the car
yet you're like like 60 40 50 mile per -
no no 30 that's off look at the car
gonna be shooting a Honda commercial
right now hey whoa whoa where we going
we're going to Gerstel we're all gonna
carve
Gerstel Safari we got to get a car so we
can drink how to make it stop back at
the hotel room Tom what's up with the
spray paint man well you know from that
what I know you know you want us to take
a journey here we got you some mug
I got some nails guys an Altoids I'm
like hey spray paint you gotta have it
yeah you got that can't have your fun
you can have your whopper what was with
the GoPro in the shower
that's for Britney if we got supermodel
girlfriend
em I had a supermodel girlfriend got me
look out for
go pro wait on cab to take us to the one
remember that place is called Hager
flows garrels what's up man I'm good hey
done taking us to no man's land
how are you see a mail my gosh found
hell that's amazing
though he made it we made it in time to
see the last five minutes of deal with
it that's fine
dijanna tonight we have YouTube's most
awesome
pranksters in the crowd we've got Tom
babe enrollment outlet just something
crazy me give my smile Western since the
song of David sharp that's dark
sir please don't approach the stage okay
ah
oh yes yes it's the Roman Atwood smile
more this is Wayne that's the question
that's a great thing cause I'm ready
yeah like I said we can pay all right
I'll just bring this to a grocery store
running through the vamp
comedian YouTube Frank let's go on it's
awesome yeah there's a song little bit
yeah my gosh so funny
there's a timer the man there's a see me
up on my hair a bit overdue dedicated
prep school
bars doesn't Kimmy regular stick your
neighbor the nurse system or some words
sick sucks
I don't want to do the song this is your
cab
whoa I'm not breaking any more breaking
fine
I'm not gonna lie we've had one too many
shut up oh cool AIDS hey there's a
couple steps I know I fell off all right
Johanna me like it you can whole dang it
you're cheering your chariots Rob gonna
have one too many cool aids tonight okay
we come here with a cab what's up my man
we're doing great this sketch of the
hotel Tom Doyle have his wallet where's
my wallet
right there right there where where yes
yeah come on whoa yeah he was about to
blame me cuz every time we go anywhere
you freakin steal my wallet anywhere
whatever sucks
gonna bring back his girlfriend love you
Tom see you tomorrow call me
what was that all about what was that
all about
get the he'd punch get the key honey
come on
and he's had all her grape juice tonight
apples all right guys we're calling it a
night it's been a great day it's been
fun it's been real I love you guys
thanks so much for hanging out with us
today we've had a little too much to
drink it's time to play board games
that's right it's gonna happen tonight I
love you guys until tomorrow you know
what to do don't forget how amazing you
are I love you guys smile more Hey Oh
Let Me In oh thanks buddy
whoo all right now you're all dressed
look good what's your shirt say
