alright guys let's just see what
Brittany's got going on
Brittany's got this master plan idea
here this is pretty cool actually
hey I made you guys a sandwich then you
can pick a sprinkle to put on top of it
okay holes in it big little dimples how
is our awesome it's the best sprinkles
and peanut butter and jelly honey really
these kids are gonna be going nuts look
at muscle man did it I not doing too
much today at all Kane is in heaven down
here all he wants to do is ride
skateboards and bikes
woo he's actually getting really good on
this little bike it's like a uh I don't
know what they're called but basically
he's getting to where he's lifting up
his feet and just cruising I actually
woke up not feeling too good today got a
really scratchy throat and uh I don't
know I'm kind of weak hey baby
but Brittany and I are headed to
Kentucky tomorrow so I got to feel good
I got to get my strength what are you
doing
damn guy dad's by there's no I know em
looks like they've been hiking
hi I'm I'm too lazy to change all my
pajamas dad didn't even break them close
you liar you wouldn't shut me in here
would you hey hey oh let me in oh thanks
buddy
whoo right now you're all dressed look
good what's your shirt say all right
have fun with mommy me and Noah's gonna
stay here
bye Owen Wow get out of my house ah I
know it just went from beautiful
sunshine this is Ohio beautiful sunshine
to this you can barely see it on the
camera snow but snow really coming down
now listen we can't even see the trees
in hoods and the camera can it's not a
pretty hard I think that was the
quickest trip to the store ever
how'd you guys survive the snow cane did
you see all that snow was it coming down
hard
Wow I get some goodies huh where'd you
get suffering experiment we're gonna do
an experiment what let's eat this
amazing food mommy made one of my
favorite meals in the whole world
you know it's probably two years ago I
would not eat spaghetti right come out
to your ah okay it's too so maybe three
years but Brittany started making it and
it's like the best meal in the house
everybody eats it yeah eat it eat it eat
it oh it is yeah we all agree so it's a
family favorite
so before we start our little project
here we got something the mail that
we're so happy about and it's all
because of you guys we got our plaque
from YouTube for hitting 100,000 subs on
our vlogs it's awesome so we're gonna
try to do a family we're gonna try to do
a fail we're gonna we're gonna try to do
a family picture for Instagram right now
can I hold it on the for Facebook yeah
you can hold it come here Keane we're
gonna take a picture go over with Noah
woohoo yeah little Brit get your butt in
here I don't know how we're gonna do
this I can set a timer on my phone all
right so what are we doing here we are
surprised you have to know what you're
making are making gap like silly putty
right
I like the gooey heart stuff a slime all
right we're gonna teach you guys how to
do this too I've never done it before
borax you do to 4 ounce or an 8 ounce
but they didn't love ours glue I used to
cover my hand in school and glue we ever
done that yeah you cover your hand and
glue then you let it dry and then you
can peel the whole thing off oh it's fun
have you guys ever done that you put
your hand in glue Elmer's glue and then
you can peel it off once it dries we
just do that in school all the time so
if you guys want to make your own gap
get whatever this stuff is called first
thing it needs a bowl and two bottles of
Elmer's glue no you see just eight
ounces usually good buy the big ones
that they didn't happen okay okay and
then you empty all the blue in there hmm
fill the bottle both bottles with warm
water alright once you got your bottles
full of hot water you just shake them up
and dump them in then you add whatever
color you want
you're gonna purple
Purple's one of the best colors in the
world would you pick red pink what is it
that's gonna look awesome yeah oh it's
awesome yeah that's a good choice hmm
you just put in your food coloring and
then you stir it up a lot separate Bowl
you half a cup of warm water and then
one teaspoon of the powder it's like
laundry soap right Brett borax and what
is it 1 tablespoon 1 teaspoon 1/2 1
teaspoon into your hot water we seek a
swamp thing after just a few minutes
check this out did it's awesome are you
snowboarding yeah oh my gosh that's cool
man now let's build a ramp what yeah
spill it ramp laughs do that good job
mommy that is cool man
we should fill someone's whole house
with that
no nobody knocks you over too big
me through yeah yeah something that
he's gonna fly right off yeah come sit
on the couch mommy time to say good
night this yes you guys are awesome I'll
see you in a minute Cain let's get that
shut-eye
say we love you night-night Noah turn it
off
see you tomorrow dude love you
thumbs up yeah you got to go to bed no
what do you think you're getting out of
this
you're a monster
no it's so easy to get to bed you just
say it's bedtime and he goes bad Cain
Cain's beast ah capture him oh no you're
into bagging and curiam hey hey hey hey
remember when I said you could get a
cane at the smile more store are you
sure you want one now
alright guys before I forget today as
you're watching this March March 26th is
our as our TBS deal with the episode
with Dennis and I I know I told you guys
I would tell you when this aired and it
is March 26 which should be today if
you're watching it right now
and that airs at 10:30 or 9:30 central
so 10:30 Eastern 9:30 central I believe
is it just look it up TBS deal with it
Dennis and I have a pretty friggin funny
episode on there actually I have a
little behind-the-scenes clip that they
sent me nothing big but I'll show you
that right now
bring it on right now you take the best
offer me young man you got throw him a
little trellis hell yeah take your vest
off take your vest off your jacket over
this
Wynonna uh-huh which window my whatever
one you want no no no I'll you can't
haha not whichever one you want you see
this one with all the dots on it with
the dots that's the one to the left okay
guys sit here you taking that boy and
run him no I shall stand I'm just going
to tell you how to do it but it's this
one okay then you're going to exit this
one do not go through the crash one exit
this one pick him up after he falls and
rush him back to this area again okay
yes look at another percent you got this
you to go back there oh it's my get him
you were kicking ass go Jason Statham on
this is so you okay yeah I love this I
cannot wait to see his friends with
serious serious serious so unbelievably
awesome please watch it tonight and in
support it man the Roman soldiers going
to tackle it if I can find any links for
the episode I will add them to the
description of this video in case you
can't watch it on TV maybe they put it
on YouTube or something I don't know but
if they do I'll put it in the
description of this video that's all I
got for you today everyone sacking out
even though I don't even know if he's
alive but uh Britney I got to go down
and start doing smile more orders for
the night and then we head to Kentucky
bright and early in the morning just for
some fun stuff little getaway thank you
so much for watching and hanging out
with our family today it was really just
a laid back at home day for us so uh I
love you guys thanks so much for
watching again thank you for getting us
that that play button from YouTube we
owe you guys so we'll see you tomorrow
definitely see us tomorrow just know
that you are the coolest thing on the
planet
your awesome smile more
apparently a semi truck carrying paper
looks like oh my god
