what's up guys good morning is that is
that my dirty door what are you doing
dad is a beautiful what it's really cold
actually but the Sun is out
can't argue with that I had to make a
quick run to get printer paper for the
girls they are printing uh you know lots
orders and you guys you have really put
them to work man I can't leave you guys
have turned this store into a full time
job for them they barely see the
sunlight anymore so thanks for that
how many of you are bummed out that I
have a vlog today because I know a lot
of you want me to miss a vlog now so
you've switched it I've switched it
around on myself so now that's a little
funner take your paper go back down oh
it's not that bad
what are you doing is making toys I'm
making toys brah mom on minecraft win oh
that's pretty good already said time
Noah's got soccer you ready oh here :
and we taking Owen with us the crazy
crazy monkey kid may have some fun get
ready watch Noah practice some soccer
dude I'm excited I like watching you do
this it's now Owen and I are just gonna
chill here and let no do all the work
well he's definitely gonna sleep good
tonight how's that feel did he beat
that's the best water money can buy dude
haven't seen you work this hard a long
time a lot different to playing
Minecraft all day
job dude you did so good out there now
you got to lick the water off the floor
hey what do you want oh all right the
hard hard soccer practice you can get
whatever you want yeah
to these cuz they're boy whoa whoa
thought you wanted help you stuff now
I'm putting words in my mouth now I'm
full uh you break you buy
come on are you thirsty decisions
decisions come on let's go
just kidding is that what you want ice
all right Owen you anything you can get
one not the brownie that's the brownie
that you get those just want and can't
take you guys anywhere I guess I got to
be more careful when I say you can get
anything all right let's go
apparently a semi truck carrying paper
looks like oh my gosh no stridor with
them I know
maybe a semi-truck full of like printing
paper caught on fire over here
jeez Louise whole field was on fire no
see scale stairs hey what's up I just
got here down but I just can't miss you
I just came down and check on the smile
more store and we got a new product I
want to show you guys their little cane
you can get your own cane for a low low
price
hey cane this pure mayhem down here
crazy crazy mayhem what will we do how
will we sleep
Chase is even speechless today you know
it's busy when chase doesn't speak okay
ready
bah daddy sit pick it up yeah try again
yeah a little sit here okay
look how's this yeah ready set go
hey dude I just want to let you know
that there's water in the toilet that
you can drain no easy easy easy fireball
thanks for everything Veronica could
have done it without you today chase
these guys busted out so many orders
it's not even 5:00 you're waiting on
orders it's coming because of these guys
all three of them Veronica Britney and
chase mother freaking Gill rod you got
to get them Oh God
come on hero Brian oh look pretty
pathetic trying to get them get them get
them you think you're sleeping and
daddy's spot big boy yeah you are
camouflage on this bed you got the same
colors that's daddy spa lad that ass
daddy get out of my
so my suitcase bar just to be sleeping
bag
all right let's figure out sleeping
arrangements I guess only can sleep
outside and you can sleep in your bed
it's perfect mm-hmm I'll sleep out here
no all right guys so the kids are going
to bed now and I want to show you I got
a lot of requests for how I did the
prank where we blow the money out under
the streets and it's very easy me chase
and Dennis actually built this ourselves
super easy it didn't even cost much but
here's the contraption it's just the
hose and this is where we would stuff
the money in we'd have to roll up I
think it was about eight to ten dollars
each time we would roll up would fit in
here and then we learned really quick
that you had to put a wad like a tissue
on the back hand each time and then this
hooks to a big paintball can it's
basically about this tank from a
paintball shot and this mounts to it
like this so this was under our jackets
you notice we had to wear jackets in
that video and then when you turn this
long you got air running to the switch
and then this too would be tucked into
our pants we actually had to cut holes
in our butts just stuff money in here so
it'd be in our pants and we'd have to
hold this so we're like ah start by
stopping and then all you do is push
this so loud it's not that loud when you
have stuff stuffed in it though and
hurry up now yeah somewhere
so each time we messed up or it didn't
work out we had to put new plug in it
like this actually this is too big but
it might I don't think that's going to
blow and then we put money here so see
if it works
that's pretty heavy where did that go
this blew up here so thanks a lot so I
can't even see it leaving the tube
that's like wicked fast let's do it
again
are you trying to wake the kids though
no let's do this a lot of time here I'll
shoot this way because your huh it's
okay Susie so that's all there is to it
a little bit of hardware we basically
mounted this is just from an air
compressor and then we just matched up
fittings to mount to this hose and that
was seriously all custom made we made
this by ourselves Home Depot because
this is so scared
we're baby come here come here
it's okay so there you have it that's
how you shoot money out of your butt
I'm sure there's a million ways to do
this this is just the way that we
figured it out mmm the hardest part
about that prank was making the money
feather out into single bills cuz you
had to walk them up together and
sometimes they just shoot out the hole
plug would just shoot across the street
and people don't know this but I crack
an egg and Zeus's food every day
it loves it keeps its coat shiny the
good zeusie this ain't good
all right guys I gotta go I gotta bail
on you I will see you tomorrow thanks
for watching thanks for always liking
these videos I love you so much
until tomorrow smile more that's pretty
nasty that's like the best toy ever if
anybody's watching this from the company
it's sit and spin why don't you make an
adult-sized sit and spin I mean like a
bit
