what are you doing you took a bath
Thursday morning back so you did it
now you're stopped come on climb your
little skinny buddy
he just keeps asking me to get in yeah
all right I'll put some swim trunks on
swim trunks all right this one's in
so I don't think Kane has ever had the
Jets on the bathtub and I'm trying to
get him on you want to turn them all up
yeah yeah I think I might help me gain
wash it off
our blinds finally came in guys all our
blinds for the house today we have to
wait like three days for them to be
installed or even a week hey losers hey
ready what do you got it's not a dead
plant so just gets our buddy Todd's reef
systems it's ready to see some fish
awesome huh
you see all the corals and the tanks we
pick out corals for our fish tank this
is the coolest thing ever say my Nemo
that's eating the fish
so awesome
they're so big
okay so now everything worked out so
Brittany's grandma came over and she's
watching cane while I go meet up with
Brittany she's actually out getting some
errands done so I'm gonna meet up with
her and we're just going to do something
I have absolutely no idea but I want to
get out of the house today and get out
get out I just want to get out so now
I'm getting out all this rain today I've
realised that my wipers suck look at
this my car has been sitting so long
that you can't see it right now dang the
rubber is actually falling off the
wipers so I got to get wipers because
it's rain you gotta love the shitty
state of Ohio man it's always raining I
feel like a total idiot every single
person in that advanced autoparts knew
who I was and I'm standing out in the
rain I don't even know how to put
windshield wipers on so they come out
and help me so thank you to the guys
that work at Advance Auto Parts in
Pickerington you guys Rock hey you want
a party I said you want a party I think
you were hiding in your car I went up
and everything I thought I had to you
I bought wipers not even ten minutes ago
not even now look the Sun is out curse
you Ohio you're here to give me anxiety
your door I know it's put on waivers I
couldn't figure it out so it wouldn't be
a Roman that would vlog without some
food in it we just got the smoky bones
and we're gonna hang out here for a
while so we got some drinks Cheers
vodka orange juice with a giant orange
and so cold we just skipped dinner
because I think you guys are sick of us
vlogging our barbecue sauces and snakes
us but we got leftovers wings and ribs
burns your nostrils which we usually
just pay her grandma with ribs and
leftover so she's always happy with that
so I think what are we doing right now
going to Bed Bath & Beyond grandma
doesn't want to go get that click remote
in fast-forward I'll be 90 I'll be 98 of
in our board through the kids tantrums
well it turns out said Bath & Beyond is
closed so we're just going home nothing
to do
nowhere to go nobody to see alright I'll
see you at home I love you be careful
don't speed
I only know more police activity on my
record I just got the Gilroy's about
busting my rear trying to scare them
that was the biggest fail ever you can
show them look we're actually doing some
spring cleaning and this is laundry from
1982 Jason are runnin to a place called
Craigh jurors Kroger's profit Roger
crouchers to get online some drinks dude
I'm getting a little drink tonight yeah
oh no liquor stores around your clothes
really early yeah you know you're in
Ohio when it's 8:30 and the places are
so dead like in other cities these
places would be happen
tons of people it's always such a hard
decision in here man so I'm gonna have a
closet like this one day man with my
career tanks I can't afford this stuff
what's your favorite drink and Jack and
Coke that used to be mine now I think
it's a sparkle orange juice turn into a
little girl man we're on a gym cake yeah
Jim I see you're on a health kick too
yeah frozen pizza like I would still
live like bachelors even though we have
entire families these are really good
it's not giorno but I said that it's not
delivery its DiGiorno is my favorite
dipping string oh man I'm back hey are
you spilling right here yeah are you
sure you want to spend the night here
I'm just saying all right I'll see you
tomorrow
are you guys getting tired or what I
said are you getting tired Oh
faster faster faster faster
Oh ever if anybody's watching this from
the company it's sit and spin why don't
you make an adult-sized sit and spin I
mean like a big one that you sit in your
living room and just gonna be awesome
somebody contact this company get me an
adult's license
hi buddy I love you Oh see you tomorrow
okay see you Gil bye dude see you
tomorrow see you tomorrow class miss
Vaughn okay Hey see you guys
how you guys doing you guys pumped you
motivated I am I feel great tonight
today went really fast
was I gonna say it's something to say to
you guys I'm gonna turn the camera on
and now I go blank I'll get back to this
oh yeah I know what it was I was gonna
say it bitch you're all so bummed that I
have a vlog today I see now now I've
switched the system seized before it was
there's no vlog day but now if there's
no vlog that I get shot with paintballs
so I'm pretty sure I figured out a niche
in the system so now you want me to miss
a day so I was gone Brittany tweeted out
get me candy right oh yeah she tweeted I
need candy so being that I'm such a good
man
got you a starburst and I know this is
probably nasty but I seen it it looks so
good adult strawberry milk
is it cold yeah no that looks like a
stomachache
I couldn't really drink it it's like I
don't know I'll try it no I don't it
does taste like struggling about barely
alright guys I am probably gonna have to
cut this vlog off now all I'm doing for
the rest of the night is editing this
new prank I cannot wait until you see
this prank it's one of my favorites to
date I promise you it's just really fun
I don't even know what I'm gonna upload
it hopefully today by the time you're
seeing this but I don't know yet I love
you guys so much thanks for the support
thanks for hanging out stay positive be
positive go out and do something today
make it count man make it count I love
you guys till tomorrow smile more hey
guys quick update the new prank is up
right now click this box right here it
is the new prank go smash it lets get
this thing bait let's get this thing
know 100,000 likes you guys do it I
don't think anybody can get 200,000
likes but let's see go smash it for me I
love you
