what's up guys good morning as always
it's a beautiful day
Chase is being shot we can filled this
car with so much stuff we actually just
finished our prank which I'm super
excited about it was awesome wasn't it
awesome what is that the camera yeah
yeah you point out yourself and then you
hope that somebody watches it what's the
taste like anyways we're heading back
home right now it's kind of gonna be a
family day I gotta edit a lot of video
and get a lot of things ready for you
guys I'm sure I'm sure you won't
complain I just want to show you guys
something this is the school that Chase
and I would support right here this is
our school that's elementary right there
baby kindergarten up knew each other
since kindergarten up and that's our
school that's the school where all the
teacher said that I would never amount
to anything if I didn't go to college
really sticks in my mind about that
school the one situation was this girl
in our class she always had really big
boobs right
and she always caught me staring at her
big boobs and I think that was our
teacher doing kindergarten that was our
teacher that as our teacher - no I was
in movies a day this right here is going
down memory lane this is 9th Street this
is where chase grew up oh yeah this is
your street did Oh the same guy still in
the road though that's weird
my guy was there when we were 12 this is
it my own house chase his old house we
were kids and I lived one Street over
dude he's have changed around here home
you miss it no house is tiny it was nice
the other side say when you're a kid you
don't ever care about your house there
was the tree in the backyard yeah I love
to fly I was a cool tree and then one
Street over was eighth Street this is
where I grew up this street right here
holy crap man
we used to come ride our bikes down this
hill and it felt like crazy now it
doesn't even look like a hill on camera
it looks flat when I lived there didn't
have any of that front porch on it it
was just like uh oh well that was fun
man I started to believe how long ago
that was it was well I'm 12
I'm 12 now so that was eight years ago
dude eight years ago when I was four so
I just walk in my house and this is what
I see this is this is what I'm coming
home to right now this is uh this is not
my house I must have walked into the
wrong house you believe this just go
home there's three strange guys in my
house tearing holes in the walls
by real people what you doing down here
I probably should have told you guys
this sooner but our aquarium is getting
put in we're putting in a saltwater
aquarium and they have just built this
entire room down in the basement for all
the plumbing that's gonna come down it's
it's crazy it's mayhem but dude I can't
wait to see this place in action hmm
only for now my friend
the girls are busting it man I can't
right now because Chase is goofing off
all right guys who wants to shoot some
paintballs let's go play with the
paintball gun we should we should paint
a big target on your dad's back maybe we
should paint a big target on Zeus oh I
couldn't do that to Zeus these are the
paint balls dude
yeah these are cool paint balls yeah can
wheels can you open it for me
like that who's the best shot who's got
the best name tied to put the dog in the
garage because he literally wants to eat
the bullets midair look what you did the
state has been so inconsistent yesterday
is beautiful sunny day befores migraine
today is just cold and it's supposed to
be in the 30s all week so it's just not
you can't win here it's like the Earth's
armpit it's just too cold out yeah
alright guys I have to address something
I've been trying to become a vlogger for
a while now and let's face it sometimes
I just can't get a video up like
yesterday and the day before I've missed
two vlogs in the last month and a half
which to me is super awesome
like I never thought I could go 38 39 40
days in a row without missing a vlog so
I'm gonna make a promise to you guys now
and I know this is gonna happen and you
guys want to see this the next time I
miss a vlog chase is my witness I'm
gonna let fans you guys shoot me with
paintball guns all over now this is the
first time you guys are saying man I
hope he misses a vlog so now I'm gonna
make you look forward to missing a law
how's that that's right
shirtless shirtless you need to learn
your lesson yeah I'll go shirtless but I
want a face cover
I need a face I'll go shirtless but I
need a face you
your chest chest Dharma I want to be
running around there just shooting the
cha cha cha cha alright so there you go
so for all you guys said unsubscribed I
tweeted I couldn't get a vlog up today
and everyone's like this is too far
Roman I'm unsubscribing from your champ
dude I gave you 40 days in a row you
can't hang in there for one more day
alright I get it alright bye bye guys
see you never be able to see it tomorrow
alright yes there's nothing to do now
I've had something attached to my leg
for like ten minutes and I can't figure
out what it is I wonder if it's ticklish
is it ticklish oh it's coming back Cain
when's Noah coming home
Noah should be here soon he's been over
Owens he's at Owens house do you guys
see Cain's chin come here Cain let me
show him see he got a skateboard yeah I
guess he's starting young but when you
fall what'd he do you get you get back
up here mommy yeah let's go see I don't
know if this is gonna work
they've been downstairs doing orders for
smile more store hang on Kane they've
been down here for already about seven
hours today and they're gonna be down
here all night let's see if we can scare
ash
all right we failed we failed she hurt
us look at this place ready yeah here we
go let's back up caner cane turbo
Boehner we're going to pick up some food
because believe it or not we don't have
much food in the house even though we
always go shopping
we've had a fun day we're just waiting
for nobody he's still at the narrow the
old neighbor's house so hopefully he
gets here soon I still heard from -
telling you why Santa Claus is comin to
town yeah time you got here we've been
waiting all day
where's your day good played with our
lamb what'd you guys do
what is your favorite thing you did
today went to the park we couldn't wait
for you so we shot the paintball gun and
that's about it I love their ideas yeah
ready
hold on way different turn please
no it's fat underbrush a deep deep eat
I'm better we got a fun day tomorrow
tomorrow hmm
all right guys all the kids are in bed I
got to call it a night because we are
swamped the smile Moore store is swamp
man we have so many orders to go out and
I can't thank you guys enough for all
this thanks for watching each day thanks
for being so patient I've missed two
days in the last week which I'm not
happy about so I gotta get back on this
thanks for the support thanks for all
the likes on these videos I will see you
tomorrow you know to do
