good morning guys I something's
happening dad you ever woke up just with
no motivation at all I just lost all my
motivation and I couldn't really get out
of bed I stuck I got interviews with NBC
today and a big photo shoot I'm doing
for a magazine but when I woke up I had
no motivation to go to any of it really
weird for me usually I'm pumped and amps
so if you're one of those people that
need motivation you just got to
understand that nothing is going to just
opportunity is not going to come to your
door you got to get up and make things
happen you got it you've got to do it
yourself nothing is gonna nobody's going
to do it for you so I drug myself out of
bed under that impression it's just like
get up Roman get up you guys you guys to
express to me right now that don't want
to move or do anything but you want
something happen you've got to do it
yourself I'm telling you just get up and
make it happen
don't hesitate stop making excuses just
stop
all right I think I'm just I think I'm
just yelling at myself through the
camera so I love you guys let's have a
good day yeah what up dude I got a baby
in here
your idiot you ready to go have some fun
fun you show how to make a quick stop
before we go to NBC today I thought I
would surprise them with a little a
little silly-string toys told there it
is boom I think every interview should
have silly-string in it we made it NBC
for hope you ready what up dr. Dre I'll
time you got here we've been waiting for
Dennis for like two hours always waiting
on Dennis so NBC's asked me to come in
today to do a little interview when I
was a child
yeah I'm gonna get Mindy next Oh looks
nice ah you thought this glass was gonna
protect you from silly stress is that
why they built this they said we got to
keep silly-string out of here I'm gonna
get everybody today what is this Oh
already and so it begins
and I asked for this no I don't have any
more left on me yeah right here okay
they're happy silly string what Steve
are you shooting this so what do you
guys do here in the newsroom um I work
on the website the website yeah just
look up your website what happened oh oh
you gotta see you on that mom oh this Oh
it's a nice little tour of NBC Studios
oh cool now on NBC for me I'm just going
to speaker the traffic lane or do you
know I love our condition that was
beautiful
your boy huh this is Gilligan the face
of NBC for four years in the hell out
nice to meet you Gail what's up that's
how I like to introduce myself steel
this up he does Oh Mike Jackson hey man
nice to meet you make you feel young
thanks for having us okay that was fun
just finished up a good interview
that'll be that'll be live on Sunday
Sunday early morning on NBC for I
believe cat Sunday chat that'll be on
Sunday Chad so two people to carry all
this food out me way too much to you um
mama likes lunch was the bomb calm now
of a photo shoot with a local magazine
here in Columbus field six one four
really cool magazine but they want to do
like a full spread of the channel the
prank channel and things like that so
we're headed there right now to do that
and it's really cold out
I just want to cuddle up by a fire and
make delicious hot smooth there's
s'mores buzz just got to a little place
called good ale park this is uh Wow
Eddie come make a pee-pee whoo I touch
enough okay it could be one of the worst
bathrooms I've ever been in it's so
nasty in there what'd you do I just had
to pee are you going how nasty is it
it's not that bad it's not that bad we
are downtown Columbus doing a really
cool photo shoot for a magazine six one
four really excited about it actually
because they did an article on us when I
started our YouTube channel and now you
get to see like the changes between now
and then super excited want to show you
guys what we're working with today this
place is absolutely beautiful and really
magnificent it's huge 900 seats dude you
got to start doing comedy club in here
big comedy shows well call me about it
this is pretty sweet dude did I love
this awesome to be never shown we can do
we can do a live show meet up meet up
live show I think we can fill this place
900 seats oh no man I'm not the person
to ask you ask them guys I know my mom
would come my mom would be here that's
at least one parents and friends are in
what about you what about you
right there will you show up we could we
could have them throw water balloons at
us here on stage so everybody gets the
right nurse yeah from your seat I'm back
there they get water blue monsters so
basically what we've done here is is
Dennis and I will be in a scene and then
everybody else in the room will also be
Dennis and I so we take photos all over
this building like I'll be here I'll be
there I'll be there and we're all
reacting to a scene down here on the
floor so I can't wait to see this man
thanks um
maash should be awesome yeah I guess I
got to thank the Columbus athenais I'm
here for letting us come in here this
place is so pretty man I can't get
enough of it
I want one of these in my house one day
like that'll ever happen thanks a lot
dude I was so fun I can't wait to see it
when's this going up should be out first
first day first of April 1st of April 6
1 4 magazine Oh April Fool's prank all
right guys so what are we doing right
now traffic traffic traffic looking for
my chapstick there's a four maverick
that's a million dollar song right here
got it
I'm probably the only person you ever
meet that washes their car while it's
raining
cuz there's mud all over it whoa
Oh
well one hour later I got me a van guys
check it out we get tons of stuff in
here even came with a $19 I don't get it
they put $19 on the van and then you get
there and it's 100 so I don't know what
to say about that but all good all good
things we're gonna go finally pick up
all our shirts if you guys got orders if
you've ordered and you're waiting
everything's going out and it's all
we're doing all weekend is getting
orders out so I'm finally going to pick
them up and yes I'm about to put on my
seat belt before I pull out of this
parking lot look at chase look a little
Kilroy Oh little Gilroy he looks so cute
down there
hey speeding in my car spit I'm calling
the cops on the police good thing we got
this big old van dude we got so many
boxes I don't even know these are all
small more truths all right we're all
loaded up we almost filled this entire
truck man that's crazy
I uh hey guys you got to do me a favor
so yesterday I couldn't get a vlog up I
just couldn't do it
I couldn't get home in time follow me on
Twitter please guys I see so many
comments where's the vlog where's the
vlog if you follow me on Twitter that's
where I post why there's no vlog or I
can't get a vlog up today you'll always
be updated so please please just follow
me on Twitter it makes it so much easier
on me as it really stresses me out when
I see everybody like no vlog today I've
waited up all night so just follow me on
Twitter and you'll know not to wait up
on that when I disappoint you you'll
know look all right guys it's shelf time
we're tired of pulling shirts out of
boxes it's just unorganized it's very
what's the nut on you ah I'll do right
my hand left it down huh
you guys did you guys miss me you did
lots of boxes guys we got our night cut
out for us we're literally gonna be
building shelves and stacking merch
Heisey first thing you got to know when
you're building stuff with Gilroy is
that you might as well never even assume
there's instructions well this goes here
this goes here and this goes here
and then we ended up taking it all apart
to move it to the next room like this
like the treadmill feed what
instructions that was not my fault I
think that's a man thing though
everybody says men don't use in
structure isn't even instructions in
here okay we got three done guys three
we only got two left I hope this is
enough shelf so I feel like we're gonna
need more
gay dance he's sad cuz it's bedtime they
come upstairs put no to bed look at the
upstairs already looks like a bomb went
off I'm gonna try to scare
the job man
we got five shelves but I'm thinking we
need at least two on this side one on
that side yeah but it real nice movies
bro
you did so good All Right see you Gil
all right dude love you dude I'll see
you tomorrow your help
oh don't mention all right we're calling
your wife tomorrow
Brittany and Veronica are killing orders
tomorrow for you guys we love yet that's
all we got till tomorrow
you're amazing you're beautiful you're
the best smile more wait right here I
give you this man that's a bracelet it
says smile more okay I'll weird you keep
smiling thank you bro all right man
thank you yeah homeless or you know not
that much yeah
pick a hand man huh pick a hand
