I don't know I just fit what's what's up
guys well welcome to the vlog guys I'm
sitting here debating like how bad this
look not the giant pimple but my face
it's a long baby
you're turning I don't know if you
noticed but um it's a piss one oh man
wait aren't you just come in here and
shave it all off yeah well I was looking
in the man I was like do I leave it or
do I cut it right ah believe it or you
don't care you're just like whatever
been with you so long
okay well you were on a very good mood
right now just getting started here on
the big what we left off yesterday and
we're starting pretty I love doing the
current date Lord says it's like we
start exact here she comes
I'm sorry that I don't shave it it's
official I'm shaving it all off my
contacts just see no your little area
over here is becoming quite a problem
all right getting out of control I'll be
cool yeah well I wanted to make if I
don't even flag you know I don't want to
find you for inappropriate content here
we go
yo maybe I just leave the stash maybe
I'll just leave the stash today I'll try
it now maybe I'll leave just the go team
they've gotta get rid of this friggin
pimple my hey I'm gonna do handlebars
you know like the big the big news
handlebar moustache ready
I'm sure he's even noticeable oh my I
look like a different human hey what up
hey let me see if anybody recognizes him
hey yo stop man
it's building country's new house going
on in here what's going on you know you
guys need to start taking me serious
around here on the barrio I'm real
nervous right now what do you mean I
don't know you know I've been lifting a
lot of iron lately yep
you like my stash just just tell me what
are you trying to say
I think the reactions have been you know
in my favor I look way older
what hen I would make me in my mid-40s
you're 34 well that's appropriate but
you usually look like you're 30 thank
you
like make it legit now like she's like
you didn't do a very good job like I'd
rush this baby I've never cut like this
mother I don't even know how to do a
good job so eat it you getting launched
bought a big boy huh
Oh get him can't can you launch country
whoa dude Brian this is never gonna be
done this is it's getting that it says
20 to 24 hours with two people
hey we got all the time in the world I
can't do it I can't do it go boom done
start like nineteen again come on
twenty-two I'll take it even though I
look not even close to that
I still get pimples like I'm 22 I do
baby stop exposing me what's up baby
girl
she's like I'm hungry I'm sleepy yeah is
that hungry Aggie oh that's new stuff
came in you ready for this everybody
always asked me if I got a dollar in my
pocket well today I did you give me one
no I forgot I thought I can't pull this
hat off
that's so cute well it turns out I can't
pull it off I just no one's laughing yo
you need thing downstairs girl imma get
you something
I can't pull the head up and put that on
hey chase hey buddy hey pal you missed
it dude I had a whole handlebar mustache
and I couldn't I was gonna wait I got
everyone's reaction it's pretty funny I
was gonna get yours but I know but I had
to go get your kids and be responsible
yeah you remember the other day we're at
Best Buy and you were like god I wish I
had a hero six new GoPro remember that
you're like I wish I had a new GoPro you
said that with your mouth yeah I did
I got you something dude keep to keep
it's yours like you take it home with
you you're not Frankie no cuz you always
help me film so I get you a gift that's
fair right I was thinking could you said
it does the crazy slow-mo as we like
doing some slow-mo stuff we keep this
thing is so since it does slow-mo I was
thinking we should do those giant we got
these giant paintballs head of a while
we actually did something with them in a
vlog not long ago but I think we should
do something today with it test it out
something that really shows off a nice
buggery to flooring yes yes it's whether
I am like freaking out the days of the
days of warm Ohio are gone what you what
you know what you know is about to be a
project
look at these two oh I missed it
there's wrestling on the ground oh my
god Oh get him get him get him yeah it's
a race guys these are paintballs they
are massive they're full of water and
paint actually I don't know what to
expect at this point this is how long
it's been sitting here look at the
ground I just moved it
well it's heavy man look at these guys
look at these guys lap number three get
a map oh-oh
looks like he's fine he's back in the
race I'm gonna grab a count we're gonna
try you guys remember the catapult the
giant cannon port which put one in
paintballs in there it wouldn't lift it
it's not a very good kind of pool I
figured one of the balls we could just
lift up all the way up into this bucket
and just drop it into the dirt and see
if it'll pop and it doesn't pop we got
to hit it with something let's scoop her
up scoop her up no it is busted oh it's
probably you know what the rubbers brush
so fragile from being outside I think it
hit the side of that block I will got
one bomb we got to make this count
oh my gosh huh all right let me tip the
bucket up all geez all right okay so we
have one giant paintball all right
Kirsten you gonna do the drop all right
buddy
yeah he'd never get out of that thing if
I let him drive it
all right so the whole idea here is to
just test this slow motion on this GoPro
so unless we got one paintball one shot
chase is gonna roll up get a cool shot
and hopefully we know it we only get to
try once
Oh
I don't know what that's gonna look like
in slow-mo but that looked amazing I
wish I would have filmed from here like
had it up on that because the drop was
hot
I love slow-mo man I gotta get some more
slow-mo stuff I love it
are you trying to get a ride you trying
to hit your ride all right drive through
the fence okay lift this handle boom
just raw look at that beautiful shot man
see ya
y'all it's so slow it's super slow
kablammo
that is a big paintball I'm so glad it
popped
what do you paying get it Cora get it
Cora did you make a tree you should put
a little eyes in there look like an owl
hole that's cool flash look at that
sunset flash I want you to take a good
hard look at that sunset that sunset
right there's as closest I can get to
Hawaii right now you know what I mean
like that's that's Hawaiian style right
that's beautiful
nothing says going to the gym like
mozzarella sticks chicken fingers
buffalo wings and Hawaiian pizza covered
in the cinnamon bacon and ham I mean we
gotta go hard extra hard tomorrow boys
this is not this isn't gonna cut it
that fanny pack is gonna be for real
yeah you beating this stuff right
you got a chill on this order
I got a salad what is that what are
those all right guys I think it went
away a little bit today no it's not
maybe it is bad it's the
nevermind but we got to go for today I
gotta edit I gotta get up I gotta hit
that gym we got to start all over
tomorrow I love you guys so much thanks
for being here thanks for being a part
of our day and thanks for helping me
keep this streak going we love you guys
so much you're beautiful you're one of a
kind smile Mon
you
