what's up guys good morning to you I am
uh pretty much completely sick but
instead of skipping a vlog I'd come on
here sick Gilroy and I are picking up
the tally right now at the airport
what up quorum is therefore I'm glad I'm
not actually coming here to leave today
it's nice just picking someone up what
up boy you looking good looking good
let's get the hell out of here that's
mighty impressive you ready for Columbus
ready for Columbus take over yes sir no
cops what a nosegrind Oh tailslide
kickflip fifty-fifty
first things first first things first
Italian lands and it's time to finally
get the prank camera back bro you ready
yeah big up they're gonna put it through
this little hole
I don't slop the little box they
wouldn't let me give the Tally's camera
last time I came here no I want one of
these but the traffic or he's got a he's
got a skin sesh boom this is the best
thing we have right now is this little
skateboard
if you forget filming price dude let's
start doing this professional slide hey
let's get up yeah Julie I got a lander
I'm not going hold on sorry
ah but here we go here we go let's do
you first oh we've been waiting for this
for it's been a while
yes
yeah Murat oh hey ETL food ATM
we got the ATM prank for you whoa whoa
what's worse is the pranks not done we
got arrested before it was finished so
we still have to film oh boy
getting to yeah we are shooting a UH new
hit man you hit man video it's gonna be
good so would you dude I wish I already
got a suit should have got a suit we're
going to work nine five babe yeah this
is nothing but pranks on me guys I don't
know hope that's okay with you guys
that's all right with you this prank is
already so crazy dude we are I just
released a pretty scary prank and the
metalli comes into town now I don't know
whose is scarier this is crazy dude are
we gonna be able to finish this it is
already the scene look a look at the
suitcase oh my gosh I just got this
things things ever got to anyway you
guys are definitely getting your share
of free free videos this week ma'am oh
man ago like this
I need to give him the package Hotel
he's got some balls going on right now
boys he's about to uh go up to a cop I'm
just saying you gotta wait for the video
this prank is freaking great about what
comes with Russia yes
don't mean it for Russia yes at that
English for just the whole time Russian
no start start reading all of it and say
stop sorry I'm not from around here
that's perfect
this has been a really fun day it's
amazing that you can just make things
happen Vitaly flew in this morning and
instead of going home and relax in a
blah blah blah we're filming this film
all day why not make every day count and
I'm probably sleep good tonight of
course but today make it count man just
do what you guys want to do that's it
yeah all right so they've been gone a
really long time I'm going to see what
the hell they're doing I can see them
down there found what they're doing I
got
who did away dude another helicopter
haha always definitely I definitely
brought well uh we were checked on the
tally is in the back of the cruiser
already and you may not be able to park
there chase I don't know it's like we're
gonna be here for a long time again no
sense of humor man do stuff all day
every day and then Columbus is just like
nope it's like they literally have
nothing to do they have nothing to do
one two three four five six six cop cars
for something so silly so petty what a
successful day boys with no sleep no
sleep on the plane
what time what times you leave LA last
night 11 p.m. 11 p.m. you got an 8:30
a.m. of sleep and we filmed
it's 4:30 p.m. we got a whole prank done
and now we go what a life I live on now
after dealing with cops and pranks I'm
now going to play soccer with Noah oh
these are the best you imagine what's
actually on this he imagined what is on
this it's just like home baby just like
home
alright go from pranking it's a soccer
buddy ready uh-huh it's a parent's first
kids today glad you guys made it
Oh Cain campaign it's the car man as
soon as you get in it you're out
hi buddy of us
first all of them they're gonna win
they're gonna win kicked my head off
these kids are tough no I think he's one
of the more improved players this season
one thing I really like about know he's
always hustling and putting the effort
out there I really noticed that the last
few games I've been really impressed
with that and also look he's done a good
job spacing and stuff out there and
being aggressive and real good season
buddy good job you see good job you
never lost good job man that's awesome
hang that up for show all right we're
back home dude I feel like death dad
leave this dinner waiting for us thanks
Britt knew the booth all right guys ah
that's our day everybody is tallies been
out for like two hours
what's up dude it was actually really
good we watched a painting game I didn't
see your part
Batali's actually in that movie he walks
by Mark Wahlberg anyway that's all we
got for you today we will see you
tomorrow
we love you don't forget to smile
that was awesome I was a good one
