good morning good morning everybody
Brad here whoo we're leaving just in
time it's cold what happened hey doing
hey dig it out you up good I'm gonna
miss this little green guy every day
yeah peace up break but we love you
welcome to the Frankfurt Airport we have
to go to London today then we have to
fly to New York then we get to fly home
it's gonna be a busy day so I'm all
checked in with my stuff and Dennis left
his passport at the hotel run down to
the taxi Frankfurt Airport you're here
in 25 minutes and it will be awesome and
I would go on there and say
Intercontinental Hotel is number one
because that number one customer service
they needed me hashtag he's trying to
talk to who tell him to bring in them
bringing them his passport it's a great
idea but we our phones don't work here
so he had to borrow somebody else's
phone oh boy
dennis is running for the the check-in
he got his passport experience that type
of Airport man what's going on man
what's up with this place I think we can
get in today but finger inside you know
it's like I've never been this close to
missing the flight and then they want to
check my my laptop charger for
explosives
jeez that's alright but then it forgets
his passport oh man this has been a trip
already but have you ever gotten through
that quickly we come for all this we
skip 2 hours dude yeah was Italy correct
the line was as far as you could see we
just went right to the front we get to
get on this big ol plane to London right
yeah my entire life isn't that that it's
amazing that thing has to work for me
like it's just held on by this little
mace just a little play-doh or superglue
we made it d that was one of the most
challenging situations I'm actually
sweating she cut we cut in lines we
played dirty
we played dirty but we're here or going
home we only have two more airports to
go to today it was like a roller coaster
on when you walk there's like newest
ride ever everybody wanted theirs line
all the way to the exit yeah we missed
our flight 100% yeah we cut the berry
that's the very probably just went
nobody said a word and that seat belt we
look at the seat belt oh my gosh yeah
and up to check in before remember that
person that was behind us that I taught
this lady was talking to us just like
telling us what to do and she turn
around and then she went back to say
something we were already gone yeah
that's right where'd they go Big D
and just like that we're now in London
quick flight now we go to New York New
York City from the five I'm going to
five New York
once again this is the line somehow we
went right to the front new season
having to feed nothing you're telling me
I miss my flight I can't you really need
to make it to Columbus man can you be a
solution to where you for good why are
we going the wrong way
oh because we missed our flight and
they're sending us to a whole nother
building whole nother terminal yeah
that's a terrible wait nice signs man
driver opens the door wait for driver
there we go all right hello
just like our ninth bus ticket a dude
at a little place called giraffe hi
check it out smile more water always
strife more well at least with all this
confusion we get to eat whoa dude some
of this Tabasco
um uh me and uh pretty much like a king
would eat if it was modern-day kids okay
well at least I'm full now we ate so
much goodbye adios Heathrow you've been
you've been real good now I cannot
decide if I want tic tacs or better sex
tic tacs or a dollar better sex is for
alright guys we're boarding our second
flight finally I'm just happy to be
going home seeing the family I know you
guys are too so let's do this let's be
positive and have a great time this is
what the back of the plane looks like
Britax fitted coffee
lots of cop watching captain Phillips
and eatin some delicious food captain
force of badass it is good
hey buddy I'm on my way home I can't
hear you guys it's too loud let me call
you back
one more airport dude workhorse
we just skip that whole eight hour
flight seven and a half hour flight and
now we are in Washington the last leg
baby whoa whoa we were in Washington I
can't wait to get home long time for
Christmas mile d16 950 yeah
even after this long dad just won't see
people smile smile man oh nothing last
flight I can't wait
I like your pillow pet did squirrel
oh my go outside
so a third flight third flight today
baby third flight little bottle rock I
know
we call these puddle jumpers is there
really little high
Oh guys I'm so beat to death
yeah we just basic I'm still
sleepwalking right now goes on it's so
late
oh we made it Columbus Ohio we're back
as quick as we left we're back ah I know
you're all mine now yeah feels so good
to be home guys wow I have been through
a lot today did you miss me
yeah it'll be even better to be like
home all right along well at least I'm
home I made it safe
better call I can't wait to see the kids
and be in our house
kids are out they were so tired it's
like the first time they haven't picked
me up yeah it's late it's so late the
kids are asleep
that's where I'm ready to go - alright
guys I'm back home everybody's asleep
kids are asleep I can't wait to see them
tomorrow and I actually see them awake
there everybody's out so uh Brittany's
grandma was here with the kids while we
she picked me up everything's great
we're home I'm so relieved to be here
was a long day
beat to death and I'm really just ready
to sleep so that being said guys thanks
for traveling with me it took a whole
day of travel like 20 hours with time
change there's no way to have a vlog up
in time so this is all I got for you I
love you thanks so much again for
watching every day you guys have been
killing it I can't believe the likes on
these videos you guys are just smashing
it every day thank you for that I love
you until tomorrow tomorrow be fun we
got the kids Britney which give me a
family day so I know you guys love that
I love you see you tomorrow smile more
some guys with a saw left off are you
doing it almost all the way through
