good morning guys it's beautiful today
I'm not even awake yet I'm definitely
still sleep big prank today not like
silly stuff you got that sunshine a day
we got that sunshine
dude you're the man
so we got this guitar today that will be
pranking with and it didn't have any
tuners he just tracked down tuners for
us we're gonna make this thing look
amazing you need a guitar broke in half
pre broke this is where you come come to
an empty stairwell it Gibson a stranger
to a tiny time this looks like a good
place Franken farmer this poor for gifts
and guitar man going this way in here
there's the Envoy it's mounted and this
the problem is so stuck in there
that's gonna don't don't don't don't
paintball paint ball around
we found some guys with a saw let dog
are you doing it almost all the way
through hey you should fry down oh yeah
we got a show how are you alright I just
explained oh we're working it soon we
are doing a we need the guitar we're
shipping documentary on how hard it is
to destroy guitar very difficult alright
guys here's our guitar it's all pre
broke and ready for action probably that
I got I got that Gibson for giving us
120th anniversary guitar to break in
half thanks how'd you talk him into that
I'm sure we're gonna pay for this later
beautiful guitar - epic John I feel
before later
John's huh be listening with you my
resume yeah I feel so bad even dropping
this on the floor it's so pretty man one
thing's for sure it's getting difficult
to film period there are you guys
everywhere everywhere we go somebody
runs up can you write your name here
please okay
smile more
thank you seated yeah hmm what do you
want me to do and can you sign this
oh did it's awesome yeah man that's not
supposed to be me
no my meeting I know I'm a huge fan of
you I saw you guys are everywhere
everywhere I go
alright guys so finally this Frank is
going so good I've already got holes and
all my clothes and cuts all up from
falling but uh people get so upset when
you blame them for breaking your guitar
that is so badass that's where there's
motorcycles through the circles and I'm
so upset because they told me if I
brought my GoPro they would mount it to
their bikes and then go around but I
forgot my GoPro
so apparently somebody that's never ever
done this is going on is that what
that's what's happening yeah he's never
done this huh
yes I guess that's the rumor around town
but apparently he has to sit he has to
sit on the handlebars while another guy
drives it this is pretty frickin amazing
two guys one bike that's a sign bro get
the bike guys three d'Armes that means
get that louder there we go here we go
get back on that tram girl that tram
girl that tram girl BAM there the city
is beautiful tonight what's the
temperature like perfect perfect
Fahrenheit perfect Celsius alright guys
I'm back in my room and I gotta tell you
I really do live two lives one is like
in Ohio with my amazing beautiful family
where we hang out together and we live
our life and then my other life is like
traveling all over the world anywhere
and living in a hotel room um it's crazy
it's something that really hasn't hit me
until right now when I walk in this room
all by myself I'm used to like kids
running up and grabbing my legs and I
just miss my family I miss my kids I
know you guys miss them too there's so
much you guys show so much love why do
they put this in your room you know why
did they tempt you like this why and
then if you touch anything it's like ate
by prejudice my 8 bucks just touches the
mat so I decided to go get dinner I
fought for it every time you guys know
me I love my food
dude I always drop my freaking phone
oh man you ready eat your is your heart
working now yeah that was awesome no but
I'll see you in so will all of you
Dennis and John and I and I guess we're
going to an African restaurant since
we're in Germany that makes sense
no so we always go places that we don't
belong at but apparently you sit on the
floor with no silverware in sand hot
spot a spot a spot is this what it is
just the name of the place I'm her Xena
I'm here in Africa I'm here in a few
days the floor is made of sand
cheers to successful week Kevin Kling
Kling Kling cheers these soldiers whoo
holy moly
the chickens in here yeah so there is no
silverware in the restaurant so you have
to eat everything potatoes salad you
have to eat it with your fingers yes
that's really good oh man look it's the
Nemo that was absolutely amazing food a
good recommendation John thanks man it
was so good I'm so stuffed what it is
Billy oh man all right guys once again
I'm back into my second world my empty
bed what I would do to have this full of
my kids and Britney and be so nice them
all crawling around anyways um guys I
want to try something with you and I
need your help I want to try something
that I don't even understand how it
works but I want to see what kind of
power you and I have and that is to make
something trend on Twitter I've never
tried this I've never asked you to try
this but let's try to make smile more
trend on on Twitter how do you do it how
do we do it do we just hashtag smile
more do I have to start it I don't
understand how it works or how it
benefits anybody but I want everybody
we'll take one minute just go hashtag
smile more on your Twitter let's see
what happens let's see if we can go to
trending and see smile more
it would blow my mind and I know we have
the power to do it we are the most
powerful group I love I love what we
have here so that's all I got for you
today I know this is a short vlog
I'm only saying that because you guys
always tell me I always say it's a short
walk I don't know how long this vlog is
probably 10 minutes maybe I have no idea
I love you guys thank you for coming to
Germany with
mean let's make smile more trend on
Twitter let's just hit it
hashtag smile more I love you guys so
much and until tomorrow do just that
smile more you're amazing it's so easy
he moved on we're outside now look at
this this is a pranksters dream right
here hey guys I got a good idea let's go
to a foreign country and pull pranks in
English
