good morning guys nice and early for you
I am literally just throwing my stuff in
a bag and we are going to film today
prank sideshow this is what the whole
trips all about pranks so here we go I'm
going to take you along with me you know
start our day with an amazing breakfast
look at all these options tons of fruits
this is super cool it's just a honeycomb
you just scoop out up take whatever you
want
I love honey
have you guys ever been to ask far ask
fart what's rock'n'roll Tony yeah let's
do it
look it look Tony the Tiger this is rock
and roll baby
we're off to go make people smile today
gonna make them gonna make them happy
hey some ranks hey hey okay we just
arrived back at Meza and we're ready to
pull some pranks finally we got a hole
cut out in the water I'm just going to
show you exactly exactly what we're
doing hey I tried actually you kind of
got me a little bit
we're behind the scenes right here we
have cut a very nice hole and on the
backside of this wall is all the guitars
so it makes about a reach out and grab
the guitars from people
so this is my playground today it's
really loud in here
I have one of these guitars rigged
so this is our guitar this
is where our hole is
basically scaring the crap out of people
we've mounted our fake karate beside the
guitar there's nowhere else to put it
it's so loud in here like the audio is
crazy
and when you're filming in a different
country you have different outlets you
have to get these converters you have to
get converters just for us to use our
own equipment kind of a pain Ashley
GoPros ready yeah so I'm about to mount
a GoPro above our set
wow this is going to be too fun
so I'm not going to lie this prank is
just way too silly it's not working
we've got a couple good reactions but
I'm definitely going to show you the
fails just in case we actually use this
for a main video which I don't know it's
just so silly and I don't know if it's
enough you guys know how I am I'm really
picky I want I want big results and
right now we're just getting like people
smiling and which is great I love that
but it's not main channel worthy I need
people screaming and it's so loud in
here that I don't think we're going to
hear that anyway it's so easy he moved
on we're outside now look at this this
is a pranksters dream right here hey
guys I got a good idea let's go to a
foreign country and pull pranks in
English nobody speaks English
nobody inside inside everybody spoke
English out here we haven't found a
person good what gay English no I'm
trying to do my prank every single time
Oh
huh that's it that's my whole range
getting some pizza baby it's time for
lunch we got to eat we got to fuel up do
this stuff oh so good smile smile
we have no idea how to use the
cappuccino machine
here's your mouth
does what good is it all milk she's got
a full cup of milk
Oh is your school Oh
up mouth it's exactly matter way that's
so good we didn't how to use it that's
all we're trying to try to figure it out
it just goes right to the target okay I
just came across one of the coolest
items I've seen at this show
they look like Marshall amps but they're
refrigerators
damn I got to get me one of those
actually uses the real fret cloth from
the amp and it has the same dial design
the amps all you can turn on but these
ones go to 11 ah rank it up so it's not
actually an amp it's not actually in
French it's a safe for your beer as
everybody's going to think it's an amp
but it's in your house yeah well you get
you could put your cats in there
whatever you don't want stolen
alright guys so yesterday I featured a
group and a man that plays well in one
hand and he's here with me right now -
what's your name my name is Keith zonda
how are ya good and what's your band
name sound during the piece pirates yeah
all right I can't I'm gonna hear I'm
going to add these guys in the
description of this video and I love
this dude I'm not yeah that's amazing
thanks so much guys
I'm gonna all right we're back behind
the scenes I had a fantastic day started
off really slow and pathetic but we
pranked for the last four or five hours
and we killed it was so fun we had a
blast these pranks are gonna be going up
quick probably Sunday we a day off you
did we're out of here we're leaving the
Convention Center now it's already
getting dark it's like getting getting
dim
anyway going back right now what are we
doing going to dinner or something I'm
hungry how about you I just had almost
the whole pizza but
I only eat about once a week man don't
you watch my vlogs I don't eat I don't
eat you guys know that waiting at the
bus stop and this guy is like oh is that
you cool man will and cans make it in a
while just got back to my room starting
to import footage from today off the
GoPros and the cameras real quick cuz I
get asked this more than anything what
mics do you use for your pranks and I'm
going to show you this again I've showed
this so many times but I understand
their sin Heiser's sennheiser 100 series
see if i can focus on this sennheiser II
W 100 there you go
that's the mics we use it's a wireless
kit it's kind of expensive but it's the
best you can you can go pretty far with
it so there you have it
I don't footage and we're going to
dinner hopefully to a real German
restaurant on some real German food P
this is what a German restaurant looks
like yeah lots of people and very loud
but probably very good so it's very hard
to order food here luckily we have
German translators they don't have
anything they don't even have beer here
they have apple wine they do have vodka
but they don't have anything to mix it
with except apple juice you can mix
vodka with vodka here and from what I've
heard the Frankfurter is a super long
sausage so the girls are really excited
so what did you get I got probably don't
like a dead dragon there's a mouse in
there
he still there's not there's not Oh Oh
what is that ground hey Mike is it Mitch
I should have gotten that no okay guys
so I'm back here I showed you this this
morning
ausfahrt what's the odds that ask for
means exit in English happy come on I
can't be playing that good okay guys I'm
back in my room ready to get this vlog
up these vlogs go up the current day so
when you see this I just filmed this
maybe 30 minutes ago
so everything in Germany is the same day
because of the time change I would had
to skip a day for the vlogs to be
basically I didn't skip a day so uh
because of travel time so everything is
same day when I'm in Germany and
hopefully when I go home I don't miss it
there because so far this is like 39 I
don't know there's a lot of vlogs for me
in a row so I'm so glad you guys are
around for these you guys make it so fun
to vlog I'll read the comments and I'm
like this is why I vlog this is so cool
thanks for coming along with me and uh
until tomorrow you know what to do
actually I'm is that the German
restaurant I thought of a question for
you guys what's your favorite food in
the world like what's your favorite meal
maybe your parents make it maybe someone
you know has made it maybe it's a type
of food or a place you've been let me
know what it is tell me in the comments
I love you guys thanks for destroying
that like button I'm blown away by
looking at these videos I go to the like
so I'm just like how's this even
possible so thank you guys so much I
love you thanks again for coming along
and until tomorrow put a big smile on
your face your beautiful smile more
you
