that is a great shot of Columbus right
there gloomy city I mean it's not your
fault spilled your coffee all over my
car chase
alright so let me show you what we're
doing here today guys we have we have a
gas station pump pops pops pops and
we're gonna be sticking this into
strangers cars and then making them
believe that they ripped it out of gas
station yeah let's see how it works well
that's gonna be good we got the smile
Morecambe ready Chase is gonna be
filming from inside this tinted tinted
window truck helps a lot if you have
tinted windows definitely fun with that
I'm gonna put the gas pump into other
people's cars and then Tom's gonna come
out and talk looks so funny basically
people are gonna walk out and see that
yeah
I don't when you went in when you and in
royal he's gonna get pissed yeah
we're straight to video and ah man
that's hysterical did you were oh man
sport man oh you guys made that video
oh no course man yeah let's get back and
forth so so far the hardest part about
this prank is you have to wait for
somebody to pull in to an area we
usually choose pharmacies because
they're usually quick in and out they
pull in we have to find a manual gas cap
that's one of the hardest things and
then and then putting anyone without
getting caught tom is waiting for them
to come out that's not it's not my car I
just work at the station that it came
from I like fun to come out so I get it
that you're all Scarman with the gas
thing well they actually had the thing
that the pump itself and it fell off
down there on Livingston now there is
that that is cray cray so I'm gonna blow
up that it's just I mean I'm just fit to
be tired right now
I've been managed to staying for three
years this is the first time so much has
ever happened down there I'm just
driving I'm work I managed to shop you
know yeah you should take a picture
because y'all you guys got my back she's
mean y'all got my back y'all got my back
if she comes out and does it you got my
back right okay wow wow wow honestly
this is the best way I can put these
type of pranks it's like fishing we
throw our bait out and then we have to
wait for the little human to come up and
take the bait
oh here we go you might get the witness
it oh she's gonna granny
oh she's driving my new wishes on that
har it's like that thing it's so much
patience in time this is why we couldn't
do it in the rain for the last two days
yeah
won't you why'd you get you one so go
yeah woman yeah oh me baby we almost got
you
I work for a living good for you man I
work for living you Jack Minter I'm Jack
I was referring to sweet I work for them
right they obviously my grandkids on for
your sake I'll bring a happy meal hey I
love this guy amazing
thank you 52 and a half yeah this guy
knows what he's doing talk about here
one more time you do camera-ready you do
come on you two you're on the wrong side
you gotta be on top you can see it
happen
you two in the house yeah look I just
matter citizens you've known job hugging
me cheap back sugar right oh you want
some cigarettes yeah newb let's go get
him let's go together together together
do this boat let me see
let's do this right all right we got 41
Newport mom in a hurry you pulled me
here for 100 anything a Newport
protected that's for you we got to go
we're in a hurry and people get mad at
him cuz he's making a dollar these boys
look like Undercovers are they falling
off Arlington what a day what a day we
did not hmm this how you either no it's
a really good prank a really bad prank
what you'll never see one one you may
never see nose great it was the
reactions are good it just takes so long
so all the videos not done unfortunately
we have to finish it on another day but
the good news is we're rolling we can
we're getting it we're getting there so
uh it'll be soon you guys we'll see you
soon I know you're patiently waiting so
am I so I come home to my house punch a
bunch of your your little guys room do
you guys miss me or something yeah huh
all right we're going fast let's see if
you can hang on back at the house
monster
Zeus monster monster my fate personally
today is a very exciting day and I think
we all need to make a toast because
Veronica Veronica just started full-time
at the smile more store today good job
okay goodness is your decision
so now when your orders get to you
odds are it's because you don't get
anything done with these kids and you
don't push-ups
whoa I'm gonna chase up here in all
natural pose Oh guess I'm just
celebrating by myself because you guys
are leaving see ya I'll just be here
sucking down Oh J that's how you know
you're a real alcohol see now you got
problems when you drink write yourself
oh well Kane still don't feel good
it's my little big what you want daddy
Thanks all right guys that is it little
king are you feeling a little better
he looked rough when I got home you got
your truck and your train home just get
out of here all right guys that's all I
got for you today I'm gonna cut it off
we're gonna watch a movie and relax it's
been a long day we didn't get our prank
done but I will get it done for you ASAP
I love you guys thanks so much for
coming today we will see them on don't
forget how awesome you are
keep smiling smile mwah you know uh
Tom's been at my house before I got home
hey guys happening all right good to be
hey guys I'm gonna see you guys you
gotta you found this mom water on the
smile on their first lower level I found
the smile more
