a squeezed cane
it's a beautiful day today the Sun is
blasting out I don't know where Zeus is
but Noah and his buddy
om left their hiking or somewhere we can
believe it lost track of them they're
getting too old they just wander what
are you looking at what are you looking
at the back of my eyelids no sorry there
where is it now
yeah I'll work on it tonight alright
guys see you later alright guys so I'm
preparing to leave for Germany in two
days I'm leaving on Tuesday to fly out
for Gibson
it's the biggest music convention center
in the world they're flying me out to
pull some pranks there I'm super excited
I've never been to Germany so I'm pumped
and Brittany's excited you look like a
little prisoner it's about time you guys
got back we looking at let's go let's go
let's go oh no way to go see my mom and
dad and my brother Jess or Domino Dale
is what his name has become enough you
might be stuck with that name now I
don't know cane are you excited to see
grandma come on now on I'll be good
let's go look at our favorite book Legos
so we just get back from my mom and
dad's I didn't vlog at all there so I
gotta make up for it we're just hanging
out as a family are you getting snacks
nobody wants snack we're just looking at
we're looking at Legos
these are awesome buildings movie
theater nice job he got her you won't be
something really fun I got an idea
follow me come on Kane come here I got
an idea
don't turn the light on for me other one
all right I say we hook a GoPro up to
the car and we drive it around the house
yeah do it want to hook the GoPro to
this you want to do it you know Zeus is
gonna go crazy
maybe we just keep him outside this for
me yeah
as soon as these things
Oh
the GoPro due to the wall all right all
right we got to take a break because
this is gonna destroy it and I'm gonna
destroy the house hold until next times
is what you think of that honey boy I
just wish I could flip the controls I
cannot drive an RC regular like right is
right left is left I have to drive left
is right right is left and for some
reason on that RC I cannot switch it so
I know a lot of you have that exact RC
cuz you always come in how do you
reverse the steering on it please
comment that whoo all right guys you
know what time it is
whiplash now
oh I saw that remember a couple nights
ago I showed you what the upstairs
looked like at the house destroyed
thousands of toys it looked like well
without even saying anything no I woke
up in the morning no a'queen the whole
thing and you actually organized it
pretty well so give me a big high five
that's what you get for cleaning how do
you how do I think he would sound
he'd probably like God it feels so good
Noah Joe Souki a scratch scratch
scratching scratching scratching he
don't like me making fun of him so Noah
always wants water before he goes to bed
I'm gonna give him regular water from
the sink but I'm gonna tell him I got it
from the toilet here's your water mr.
Atwood the toilet I wouldn't do that to
you I love you I would never do that to
you how you know I would use a much
dirtier toilet if I ever did that to you
I love you get some sleep
sleep good
I love you see you tomorrow
thumbs up my video only parent that
doesn't want their kids to go to bed
like I just miss them like by the time
they go to sleep I'm like ah now what
you know that's like they're so exciting
me they bring so much life to a house
man and sometimes it goes both ways
sometimes you're like I'll do anything
to get out of here for an hour and then
sometimes you'll do anything to just be
here I'm just jabbing jabbing shots in
the garage and tell him to come to the
back door and you hide like but then I
won't be able to see cuz it's too dark
on camera Chase is coming over last
minute to get the camo shirts to put on
the website because you guys obviously
want them all so I'm really cheap but
anyway he's coming over I'm trying to
figure out a way to scare him
is not the word this is the worst spot
then he walked by so fast too slow I was
like dude I just hid behind that thing
he just was like right by alright man
let's see these things maybe she just
put one on I'm not gonna lie most of the
comments were those aren't that bad I
thought they were yeah I got it I got a
text message not a common text message
that says they want so I know so here's
what we're gonna do we're gonna put them
on the website at a very cheap price and
I'm just going to move them out and keep
some for giveaways because a lot of you
wanted me to do giveaway so we're gonna
do that can you see me I guess it's not
that bad I don't know it's just not what
I wanted that's the problem so I did see
you see you bro peace see ya it's my
camera so yellow it's not Maura
alright guys we're gonna shut it down
early tonight we're watching tanked
because I'm addicted to the sufficient
stuff I wish you guys could have seen my
old aquarium way before I even had a
youtube channel we should post them
maybe yeah maybe I have I had some
beautiful reef aquariums before but yeah
before Brittany and I even met as soon
as we met I just gave them all up
alright guys I love you so much what
kind of animals do you have I got I got
just this big guy left one big old dog
guys we love you yeah tell me what kind
of pet you have what's their names what
do you have a dog cat what's their names
what kind of dog is it love you guys
until tomorrow we're getting ready to
head to Germany I got to go to Germany
for a while I know I know I miss you too
she'll miss you guys more than she'll
miss me I love you guys thanks again for
watching and I will see you tomorrow
smile more
love you guys smile more
you
