welcome to the vlog guys today's a very
very special day it only happens once in
your entire life only once it's only
happened to me once it's only happen to
you once and if it hasn't happened it's
about to happen eventually
you are officially 13 I got a teenager I
have a teenager your teen dude teen boy
it's officially Noah's 13th birthday
guys he is a teenager i I just cannot I
can't believe his day is here like I
thought I had so much time did I thought
I had so much time before you were this
old if you're getting older that means
I'm getting all right you say I'm not
compared to you I am I can pass but if
semi Noah banking passed - Emma you guys
always point it out how come when you're
in the GTR you're always getting passed
because when I vlog I'm very careful no
one came Keynes about to turn six there
are five days apart in their birthdays
only five days so right in the middle of
that is this Saturday that is going to
be the official Noah and Kane birthday
party for now we're just hanging out and
taking note of the store I can't even
hardly see nothin go ahead and pick out
something special for his birthday and
then we're gonna wait till Saturday did
actually have two birthdays that feel
like a ripoff does it feel good
it's gonna be a huge party yeah I feel
like when you have your birthday party
not on your birthday when your birthday
happens usually feel ripped off even
though you had an epic party or there's
an epic tardy comic and it does feel
ripped off so I promise I love you I
want the best
first they've had the car out since it's
been clean it's so clean I can see
myself I feel like I already know what
you're gonna get
you still getting headphones think so
you know it's been want some gaming
headphones gay do you just have regular
headphones you action yes what clicky
clicky Clarky Clarky it's like you might
as well take a typewriter and put it
here and let's go out higher there's so
many brands of this stuff anymore like
it's crazy the option of the choices of
everything it's almost like somebody
figured out you can make money on this
stuff and everybody just started making
you look good it matches your mouse
BlackWidow keyboard and a new headset
that's pretty cool so you get first
place every time and every game that
style gowns you're the king baby alright
here we are I'm fun tonight enjoy the
rest of your birthday know where you're
gonna pull that crap in unfortunate I'll
get to spend the entire day with nobody
we'll be back in a few hours and you
guys will have to forgive me because I
spent most of today off-camera with Noah
decided to just run out for a little bit
get him a little gift before Saturday
and that's where we're at right now so
I'm headed home and let's continue the
blown fuzzy come here flashy yeah
what is that what is it
who's doing that
what do we got all right all day said
you got me something what is it what is
it what is that is that a mask what is
it
it's a fanny pack
oh my gosh like a belly button yeah it's
the oh you gotta wear it with no shirt
right yeah I think you should take your
sweatshirt off can't show belly
you can't your skin that looked amazing
no oh guys we got stuff to do this
morning forget I carried over in current
blog getting from a whole lot yesterday
on those Burt and forgive me I'm a
little zombified right now zombify hi
baby
Cain you awake you are you look like me
right now the courthouse for checkup for
being a baby
every once in awhile they just have
checkups that's what we're doing right
now hey Missy she's happy do you want
that
ah
you know if he did for the first time
yesterday I caught it on my camera phone
she laughed for the first time ever my
cameraphone like it's a special type of
phone well Cora's getting big dude she's
gonna be a full-sized human soon
she got cane shoes those are so sweet
yeah I see the bottom as soon as I
figure out how to use these arms and
legs you're all in trouble okay
everything looks good I'm waking up a
little bit which is great Cora looks
great she's healthy she's growing she's
a little under way right just hair under
way she just very on the low end oh
that's that's under she needs like
another 4 ounces a day 4 ounces
that's like
if they eat it sounds like her mother
sounds like somebody I know very well
next thing on our list of things to do
well first of all we had to go to the
bank which I haven't done forever a last
thing on the list that has to be done is
everybody in the family has passports
kora does not have our passport yet
we're getting ready to leave the country
for a little while so we have to go get
course passport right now or our trip is
never gonna happen we are on the
deadline right now the passports can
take a while so great job she'll be with
the should be taken care flash and
donkey so we're gonna go knock this
passport day out hopefully we get it in
time definitely expediter let's get our
passports so we can go on our trip dude
how they even do any bit passports take
her picture
she's out it's finally out she should
put up a fight going down all right guys
we're knocking a bunch of things off
though what's going on I can't relate we
were warping back home we got the
birthday set up going in boat it go I
guess it's not that big it's like a nice
tense one of them cool 10th in chases
but I don't know where he just went
taste is just here a slash pool boy's
been trying to clean this up so we can
winterize and get it covered otherwise
my alternate go I was like let's just
hit the thing with a truck it's so nasty
but chases over you're working on he's
making it nice what's up donk amp what's
up dude you're blocking me had a lot of
comments to say how do you move a donkey
I'm gonna show you how you move a donkey
all you do you don't even have to really
do anything I'll give you his touches
bought and guide him where you want him
to go watch this come on there you go
like you'd barely have to touch no thank
you going come on come on there you go
and you just guide him that's it see a
very responsive animal man he's very
good great great animal he's allowed as
a dinosaur though hello everybody's at
maybe everybody's on launch Bryan's
building this thing for the kids fish
tank Todd is here it's a busy day Minh
and this is current day by the way so I
gotta I gotta end this
edit that's what you're in here looking
at okay belly belly Fanny's we all got
to get on dude all of us found everybody
by the way I don't know it looks like we
got some like criminal activity going on
here what's with all the rubber gloves
everybody's wearing rubber gloves with
all the cases on the on the on the
pieces who cave did that Veronica did I
scare you but I'm sorry I was just
trying to say goodbye to them to the
family I stink you so much for hanging
out I don't even know what is going on
with today's vlog oh he's a puppy huh
he's always gonna be a little pup we we
love you guys so much thanks for hanging
out with us being a part of our real
family days especially you want to do
things like Korres doctor visits and
getting passports and just the little
stuff you know thanks for being here for
that all of that makes vlogging a lot
easier when I know that I can just fill
my life and you guys are here so thank
you so so much we will see it tomorrow
beautiful you were truly one of a kind
don't forget that I say it every day
because you're just not taking it in
you're not listening to me how important
you actually are thanks for being here
guys you beautiful one-of-a-kind
smile
you
