what's up guys so uh I told you
yesterday I was going to Cleveland Ohio
and I woke up this morning I went to my
good friend Todd's he's the guy that
built my aquarium and him and I went to
Cleveland Ohio today I'm already back in
Columbus the guy in Cleveland the place
we went would not allow me to film in
his facility he would not let me so it
ruined my whole vlog it just ruined
everything that led up to it bla bla bla
bla bla I'm over it
I'm gonna start right now back in
Columbus I'm headed to get Noah and
let's start this video run are you beat
no just finished up a soccer practice it
is hot today are you cooking out there
you know what I always like on a hot day
boom Gatorade what's your favorite color
it's a tough decision really well if I
have a favorite usually light blue or
purple but nobody ever has purple they
got a big purple that's me
dark blue Magoo oh look toys is that say
what was that sad
thumbs animo mmm hey ah you got me yeah
you'll take my bullets what's the
interesting way to come home can't wait
here
how did you think of this yeah yeah yeah
but I'm on Oh esteem oh then no I get
you
you got to get him back
oh so Romans putting coral in in the
crab in here just give them a high-five
let's see if we can get it on camera
again come on huh
the crabs grabbing my hand are you
trying to fight you know that's awesome
all right guys so I'm in the guest
bedroom now because the guy that's
cleaning our couch for the pudding spray
is here so he's he's gonna have a fun
time with that so I'm just hiding in
here for a little bit and gonna gonna
vlog with you guys so you guys know I
did a speech for CNN in San Diego for
some reason I'm just now seeing the
speech I'm just now getting it and I
know you guys want to see it so I'm
actually going to show you and hopefully
they don't get mad about this but I'm
going to show you right now looking at
it now there's so many things I wish I
would have said in the speech and I
didn't prepare anything I didn't write
anything I just showed up went on stage
and I did it so this is exactly what I
said I hope you enjoy it I had to bring
my viewers with me they would be
incredibly mad if I didn't bring them so
hi everybody I am like super excited to
be here never done anything like this in
case you don't know I'm Roman Atwood and
I do pranks for a living I don't even
know where to start I didn't write
anything never done this but uh I want
to take you on a little journey and I
want to leave the only thing I want to
leave here with tonight is that you guys
leave here with two words in your mind
just two words and I'm gonna get to that
but uh for now I'm going to take you on
a journey a lot of people always ask how
did I get big on YouTube so I want to
take you on that journey I uh from
junior high on I loved cameras I love
making videos stupid videos nobody wants
to watch these videos they're terrible
and I hated school
I just could not stand it my teachers
never understood
you know why don't you pay attention in
school I just always said this this is
not going to help me make stupid videos
like I don't need to learn about World
War two to make these videos so as time
passed I got into high school and these
teachers were much more strict like wake
up why you sleeping and then again I
would say you know this algebra I'm
never going to use algebra three to make
stupid videos that nobody wants to watch
so uh I got out of high school and I got
my wish I didn't pay attention in school
my teachers told me if I didn't go to
college I never make it never be anybody
so I got my wish I got out of school and
all I had was these stupid videos I want
to make no education no college so I I
met a girl in high school and I married
her I met her 18 years old I got married
and I started making these stupid videos
with nowhere I got a supportive wife I
got an apartment so I joined the
workforce I worked at a factory for
years ten years passed I was still dis
factory I got so distracted with what I
wanted to do I used to actually tear up
and cry at this factory because I wasn't
making these videos it was that
passionate to me so I got my big break
this guy I know cause he says hey I want
you to fly out that way and work on a
movie I'm like wow awesome so I get
there it's this little low-budget
independent thing it's not a movie at
all
and then let's just Wharf a year ahead
when I was on that LA trip my wife
cheated on me I didn't find out for a
year it was the worst most devastating
time of my life
I hated life I got so down on myself as
making the worst decisions you can make
it was just horrible but what it got me
to it got me to where I was motivated I
got so angry at life that I was going to
make these videos no matter what I don't
care if I go broke doing it
I got nothing now to lose so I start
making these stupid videos and I
remember put my first video on YouTube
because when I graduated high school
YouTube wasn't around so I put up my
first video and I couldn't understand
why it go viral
he's my videos best why do I have ten
views in 24 hours like everybody's got
millions of views on YouTube so I put up
60 videos in one year dedicated every
single Tuesday I put up a video
sometimes I do a bonus video for my
loyal 12 fans I hit 40,000 subscribers
in one year which to me was great I was
out famous I was big-time
and I really should be stressed before
you got here
I'm going to have enough time to go it
was this right here that changed my life
this bottle of water I thought it'd be a
great idea to take this to the streets
and front of police officers all over
the country because I knew everybody
would say well you should do that in New
York City man dope you up you know sorry
all right we're going to New York City
so we did it I held on to the video I
didn't upload it held on it for almost a
week I was so nervous to upload this
video I put it up and we did 10 million
views that week on that video so when
one year I had 40,000 subscribers and a
week later at 200,000 subscribers so I
instantly become a youtuber after over a
year one month later I released my shake
weight video same concept and from the
police
I instantly became known for the guy
that pranks police officers I had an
itch in a system it was an itch I was
doing legal acts that looked completely
illegal that's the greatest night of my
life but it was so much came from being
just positive about it
everybody told me you can't do that you
can't do you're gonna go to jail you
can't do that everybody you can't do
that you're going to jail
now you want to jail are you going to
jail nobody's taking me to jail but uh
being positive about what you love even
if it's even if it's you're not making
money at it if you're doing what you
love that's the greatest thing on the
entire planet make money a byproduct of
what you love I remember coming to my
dad and your dad I mean 58 cents on
YouTube 58 cents I was like and you know
what he said he said well it just goes
to show you you can't be on YouTube
that's awesome if they says I can almost
buy something McDonald's with that so
then I started on I started branching
out doing collabs with other youtubers
and being very productive and it all
boiled down to just doing what I love to
do and never ever considered what I did
for money I never wanted it for money I
never did anything for my I did it out
of passion and heart and uh I launched a
brand and it's called smile this is my
company smile and I pushed it on
everybody and these are the two words I
want to leave you guys with smiling more
will change your life
it will make you all so much happier
it's a constant struggle for everybody
no matter how happy you are we all
battle different problems and smiling
even if you have to force it upon
yourself even when you're alone just
smile look at yourself and smile you can
feel the chills come over your body it's
the greatest feeling in the world and
just fight it it takes years it may take
your whole life to just
be able to smile more and that's really
where I want to leave you guys just
smile more thanks so much thanks for
having me so that was that I hope you
guys enjoyed it definitely if I do
another speech which I hope I get to I'm
definitely going to write some things
down because there's so much that I wish
I would have said now that I didn't say
then that would kind of like make this
whole story a lot better so I don't know
if I'm good enough to do more speeches
but uh it was definitely fun to just go
up and just talk like I didn't I didn't
have to like read a script or anything
it's just me being me so ah yes almost
done almost bedtime for you should be
giving you the massage minecraft man as
always sleep good and your awesome night
buddy
love you more ah all right guys kind of
a weird vlog today but uh it's all I got
it's all I got today but there'll be no
vlogs tomorrow love you guys
don't forget smile more I'll see
tomorrow
I wasn't shoot it in here do not
