but always what six final alright guys
here it is it's after 10 o'clock at
night we've all been released we were
all arrested tonight the worst part is
they confiscated all our cameras
including my vlog camera they know what
they're gonna love him let him I'm
sitting there watching candy go yeah
yeah so we're all extremely excited to
go to court because they have nothing
they got us for inducing panic and
disorderly conduct this only conduct I
could carry on and it happens to have
that I had a camera vlog camera that I
can borrow Roman to vlog for you yes
thanks Vitaly forgive me this camera it
was in the back of the truck which they
didn't find wouldn't have this without
my SD cards a thing Dan Dennis had an SD
card in the truck so this is the only
vlog I got tonight because the mother
and all of it was nice enough but now
since they did this mother
hashtag Columbus policing what they did
is they just Chum the waters now we sick
our shark on them yes miss everything
but guess what when we go to court I
need all the soldiers that courthouse
baby all of you free free the pranksters
ha ha ha ha
I love you guys that's good at all but
you're losing sight of what's really
important and that's the fact that is my
birthday now
ah nice - happy happy birthday happy
dude what a great birthday for us work
day Saturday but another good bad news
the cops took my camera my main camera
with all his great footage which is ok
I'm gonna still do pranks but boom I
just flew remember how I said I wasn't
gonna put them on the YouTube because
they were being so cool alright guys so
I wanted to continue this vlog into the
next day when we're a little more chill
and calm down we are headed to ABC's
doing an interview about what happened
and gonna be on the news talking about
it but we're gonna take you longer for
that before I in this video what do you
what do you think is gonna happen
I'm gonna probably try to shut us down
like they always do but we're gonna flip
it on them but hopefully they're nice
like you said right
ABC's ABC is pretty nice all right I
mean that's their motto on your side
we'll see about that what do you think
Jay's gonna love know it's my birthday
yeah it's Jason's birthday everybody
when as you're watching this it is the
current day so as you're watching this
it's right now today so gonna do a quick
interview with ABC and this will run
today at what time 5 or 6 o'clock
cool so this will be up before that you
guys will actually be able to watch it
last night she's our broker bullet look
what I did so they took everything so
honey which are Jody's hey uh what we've
been working on the Frank for a while
but it just sucks cuz we're gonna
release this video like soon like we
always shoot and then release and then I
do daily videos every day
those those go up every single day and
they took that camera which had no print
not directly with the prank so I think
they were just worried because I was I
had all of them and what they were doing
on camera so they were like
let's take this one too at the end of
the day I just want everyone to smile
more it's not that hard everybody needs
to be happy look at the sunshine it's
beautiful do you have left no these are
doing we had to get replacements yeah oh
so you bought those yeah well these are
cameras that we had our vlog cameras
yeah batgirls camera brought them up for
today back up I got all the angles
covered I got I got everything all on
camera especially you were yeah and also
all three of you were all arrested we
were arrested our buddy Dennis Roady was
arrested and he sees the guys in all the
video elf when we were carrying right
that's me and Dennis okay all right guys
that's all I got for you on this uh it
sucks that I don't have a beautiful vlog
for you guys because I filmed all day
and the cops took the camera but the
good news is when I get the camera back
you'll have a bonus video that it'll be
to that day so it's gonna be all good
I'll keep you updated
obviously on here in the absolute best
way to stay updated is follow me on
Twitter
I'll put that on the top of this video I
really need you guys to follow me on
Twitter it's the best place for me to
just talk instantly to you so I got my
new my new vlog cam and we're gonna
start funky fresh tomorrow for you guys
I love you thanks again smile more I'm
gonna Jack Vitaly
