good morning guys is bright merrily we
are headed to the radio station I got my
man Gilroy with me whoop
haven't seen this guy for too long it's
been too long man we grew up
kindergarten up together used to beat
the out of each other in elementary
school and now we're just best buds
so we're headed down to do some live
radio if I should have brought something
prank these guys I know like silh just
even if it was just silly string or
something bring them the booter yeah I'm
slack it's too early I got up at 6:30
6:30 this is my place dude whoa this is
a good YouTube sensations our buddy
chase Gilroy and the one and only Roman
Atwood will be here so happy right now
we get to the Blitz and they got hot
chocolate and coffee that's my favorite
forgot my cup of chocolate or that
coffee on oh that's gonna be rich
today we'll be doing a movie scene with
helium
there they are right there
Justin Bieber's here are you uh-huh
we're cramming in come on in
you guys remember Roman right what's up
guys are the sharpest nobody put up mark
le guin mark okay we're gonna have some
fun today about to have some fun all
right someone have Loper explain this
bit to you here we go all right so
here's what we did we suck massive
amounts of helium it's almost like yes
all right kids I'm gonna get a little
edgy it's almost like whip it's okay but
it's not it's helium so we suck massive
amounts of helium and we read a scene
from a movie you guys guess what the
movie is and you win fabulous prizes
it's that easy
that's that easy action how about that
lunch
what was that brown stuff all right then
falling alongside this road way in a
column of to fall in love it's nothing
you know it's something soldier I've
noticed you're always last I'm pacing
myself sergeant know that laugh face
left right left right you stand and play
the forward march
hey we're walking did you screw that
last one up that's okay do it again
maybe boy yes don't worry about it I
will warn you all of us would have to go
to rehab after this because I hear a
mass all addicted and want to put in
here
Roman heaven wood and cheese Gilroy
joining us for this very special edition
of Helium theater if you know what movie
it is call us now like Miss Cleo bitches
lightheaded is normal right
UFC Matt Brown just showed up what up
man hey we actually shot a big prank
with him if you guys remember the fight
me prank with Tom made and Matt Brown
and bunch the guys from swole knuckles
and West Side barbell we're gonna do
another prank
Indy time bro Frank's gonna be the Macho
Man comes back to life
yeah looking for Elizabeth
e we're gonna have a blast I gotta go
guys I see ya later nice
well that was fun man I had a blast
sucking helium out of booze on I don't
advise trying I did you get lightheaded
at all a little bit but not as much as
lower overall I hope actually it's
probably on camera but there was one
point where I got really lightheaded and
I had small lines
I can't imagine like they were doing
like whole paragraphs that's a blast had
fun I know you guys love me vlogging
with stuff on my mouth
take aim which one do you want dusty or
better that bigger okay I'm gonna wear
this one
okay yeah yeah
okay let's put our stuff off are you
ready he's crazy
yeah is well had that last long there's
way too cold outside it's like 18
degrees maybe were you cold get that
coat off help yet what are we doing what
game are you playing yeah you I help
let's see Cain loves this game I know
it's called orange seed or some drawn
boom the draw mother oh hi guys got the
best company in the world tonight Gilroy
and his family what up I got my brother
and his wife so guys and all the kids
you guys know we eat really healthy so
you got pizza tonight we got fried
chicken and macaroni I'm in heaven right
now so my brother hooked it up look what
he brought me tons of Domino's he hooked
it up so we're we're definitely building
some cool stuff now
okay so Dale is gonna show us how to
make a collapsing Tower right
Domino wall abdominal wall these are
awesome
I hope you know how to time-lapse I'll
just need the beginning in the end so
you measure them out yeah measure them
out a domino length and the bottom layer
is the most critical the better the more
square the bottom one is the better your
tops going to be use alternate front to
back move this out mm really cuz I
brought you hot pink
to this side oh my gosh it's like an
accident waiting to happen
we're making some progress now this
looks so cool
and actually fall in order they don't
just all fall down they fall in a row
sit make it longer yo I can't believe
it's the eyes and you're still eating
just stop stop I so badly want an
officer I didn't do that I didn't do
that as soon as I said it it fell okay
we're doing a second shot at this it's
getting bigger bro
looks like a big watermelon how high can
we get it
- that is wicked all right so we're
about ready to knock this baby over
let's let's make a uh we're gonna make a
runner here all right you know go and by
the way I call these stackers before
they're not stackers they're just
dominoes and it they was happy to inform
here whatever they're fun that's what I
call Eddie push the green one all right
girls clean it up we'll be down the
basement chase see the motive okay bro I
love you I'll see you later me and dales
playing Grand Theft Auto online I gotta
tell you I'm a little disappointed by
what I want like non-stop action it just
seems like we're running around in the
middle of nowhere trying to get a
helicopter made it in the base dude
we've been trying to get in here all
night
there is a tank I left my truck there to
block oh snap
Go Go oh dude oh my gosh how long does
it take
he's gotta kick it open still you got
the jet oh all that work for ya buddy
well the house is wrecked they destroyed
the house are you sleepy yeah I'm sleepy
too you Rea go cuddle up on my night no
not that sleepy yet I don't know if I
like these here do you like them so we
bought these vases yesterday you guys
seen and I don't know I don't know if I
like them here
I think we just need more stuff
different paint yeah I think it's just
too empty it's too bear what do you
think this lay down lay down which by
the way Netflix is the worst yeah like
right now it's like we have nothing to
do we put on Netflix what is your guys's
favorite thing to watch on Netflix tell
me what it is because it's brand new to
us we've only had it for two weeks and
this is probably the third time I've had
it on first time since I've been in LA
so we're watching happy gilmore
alright guys that's really all I got for
you today I will see you tomorrow pick
it up Batali at the airport gotta be an
epic weekend so we'll bring you along on
that I love you guys till tomorrow what
me say peace not what your piece all
right okay not gonna do it all right
guys love you till tomorrow
you know what to do put a smile on face
you're awesome see you tomorrow
you got a pointed at me are you blogging
point it up yeah there you go
you're doing it huh no what
