look at my camera the shutter won't open
why I don't know man it's not good huh
can you see it yeah it's perfect
wait looks fine oh cool the shutters all
stuck out you know I have to leave this
week right I love you my best buddy in
old world your monastery amoral I'll see
you soon no mustache um taking my
parents on a surprise trip to I want you
guys to try to guess we're going to some
islands tomorrow morning bright and
early
5:00 a.m. so uh where do you think we're
going and I'm taking you guys with me
see oh you'll find out soon enough and I
didn't vlog all day I was mowing the
lawn and getting the house ready and
blah blah blood I'm like you know what
they always tell me any vlogs better
than no vlogs so here we go I'm starting
now 7:30 in the afternoon let's do it
all right
time to get rid of this nightmare that
you guys have been looking at for the
past month fix it for me man
makes it it's tall they've been looking
at I'm embarrassed
holy cow it's it's really just this
front it's so much in you got to keep it
up for the movie I know I know
don't tell me I know what do you see
gainers so just get back home hey what
do you think in my hair looks good I
like it short
I'm a short no mommy this is a night I'm
pretty mad that I didn't get to cut it
because I know all the soldiers wanted
me to cut it yeah they did actually
sorry guys I'd let you down but we're
leaving on a trip and I can't have a
jacked up head right
that's something happened
see ya so you're short but it's better
man I look like a respectable I look
like a respectable punk now you know oh
yeah
hey ready yeah
okay you got a hold still hold still
I need this one easy to have a bunch of
nose hairs yet so just telling everybody
that we're leaving bright and early
tomorrow for a surprise trip that would
be when I say the good news the surprise
I'm not prime oh yeah you remember the
other day Britney was like should we
tell them the surprise that this is it's
a surprise trip but we weren't gonna
tell you guys I'm not pregnant
and we're not any married oh thanks what
everyone message yeah so if you guessed
either those two things you were wrong
wrong you know you want to help me make
some food all right
it's Polly wait
never did thank you it's tomato tomato
poop tomato fool all right it's time for
a classic tomato soup and grilled cheese
this is the best little lid licker
are you a littler yeah oh man why are
you so funny him too
so in yesterday's vlog I told you guys
that if the new prank that went up
yesterday hit a hundred thousand likes I
would give one of you guys a PlayStation
four brand new from what I've seen it's
already like halfway there I said in 48
hours are they gonna get it their game
yeah oh you heard it there so anyways it
looks like at this point it's not there
yet but I might as well go find a ps4 to
give away we'll see
yo man yo man this brings me back to my
childhood about you just bring you back
to you when you were a little kid
wow there's two ways that I eat grilled
cheese one is I just dip there's two
ways a tomato soup one is I just dip
grilled cheese into the soup like this
I'm not heat it till saltine crackers k
knows what to do
break it alright a lot of you guys
constantly ask update on the aquarium so
here we go we've got a lot of new corals
already going in these will obviously
grow big time
got a new clam I love these guys
tons of new corals haven't got any new
fish yet but we've got a lot of new
corals and just things like that it's
slowly growing but as you can see it's
turning into a very pretty tank and the
colors are really starting to pop and in
another year or so there won't be any
rock it'll just all be corals I can't
wait to a little hole in the wall so
we'll show you guys something I want to
show you guys something it's really cool
I can control every light on the tank
from this iPad or Droid whatever it is
and because it's nighttime I'm going to
set it to night mode basically I will
shut off it's really pretty in the house
the camera doesn't even do justice but
it's pretty wild and good looking good
looking good
alright guys umm get all these stuff
look at all of it we are ending our
night down here in the smile Moore store
we got to get the last orders out orders
will be going out all week even though
Brittney and I will not be in the
country yeah we won't be in the country
the orders will still be going out chase
Veronica will be running the store other
than that the rest of the night is
getting that and getting this this trip
packed up ready I haven't even started
packing it's after midnight I have to
get up in five hours so bear with me I
know this vlog is super
sure shorter than ever probably but I
love you guys we got a huge week of
amazing vlogs coming up for you so I'll
stick around I will see you tomorrow
where it's very sunny and very pretty
leave your guesses where do you think
we're going it's going to be a surprise
I love you guys don't forget to smile
more more eggs this bird does not want a
smile thanks coming for us
