good morning everyone okay Noah's no
soccer game and he's getting pictures
huh
is he getting pictures look he's over
there we can squish him right there Hey
no hands can't use your hands
ready I wore my big duck my big duck
coat
waiting for Noah's game to start came as
is naive
and his pops are ready see no play
soccer yeah I don't think anybody's
awake right now we're all sleepwalking
talking you did awesome man
you guys still haven't lost the game you
want every hand yeah yeah you were so
close so many times
eggs this bird does not want to smile so
we're back home from north soccer game
good job editing yesterday's vlog and
just trying to get that done gilroys on
his way over the kids are gonna play
probably get into some kind of trouble
I'm sure that's not you you don't get
any trouble and I will see where today
takes us you should have known better
boy
what's wrong I'm good thank you like
earlier when up when we were up scared
yeah yeah alright guys so today I
decided to embrace my ridiculously awful
hair I'm just gonna make it crazy and
you're gonna watch me like this all day
just if I don't get it cut soon
dude is one of my eyes bigger than the
other it's really bright it's really
right
looks a little watery but does
well you look an alien it does honey my
sister don't you get me what's wrong
with the socks I got what you take that
back these socks have been so good to me
alright guys I've now signed my channel
over to Cain Atwood it's Cain out with
vlogs now so enjoy it's been nice
knowing ya Cain take it away buddy
take the camera it's your turn to vlog
are you just gonna blow me hey guys I'm
back yeah you gotta point it at your
face you just cross the side alright I'm
back
we'll pick up on that later I'll be
right back
I'll be right back get it hey I gotta
run to the store okay yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah get out beat it beat it scram
so are the kids all the kids are at my
house
Britney and I decided to keep calling
and Carson and chase Veronica's kids why
they go to a concert thought it would
only be fair let them go out for a
little bit and have some fun I'm gonna
run to the store real quick meet my mom
because I have her keys it doesn't
matter to you guys at all I don't know
why I tell you these things anyway
I'm head of the store right now to get
some stuff for the kids to eat because
they eat like animals like wild animals
today today I time at the store I gotta
find my mommy she's here too I wonder if
I can actually sneak up what if I can
actually scare my mom I'm seriously
starting to question whether she's here
I feel like this is a big joke joke on
me I never come down this aisle but I
think it'd be really funny to get chases
kids all hyped up on popsicles and ice
cream and chocolate ha ha
what's your favorite ice cream mine is
anything with coconut in it
coconut I love coconut just for the sake
of me keeping my friendship I just get
regular popsicles but nobody said
anything about chips the ball okay so my
mom was in the store turns out she was
waiting in the parking lot beside my car
so got that taken care of headed back
home that's it you guys coming with me
or what are you are you turning it off
now you can leave right now are you
gonna have to come home with me it's
totally up to you it's your call I'll
take you if you want to go if you want
to go
I know Kane would love to see you
Kayla yeah and you still stink yes you
do no matter how much I washed me still
stinks kids are back home the kids are
out of control whose shoes are these
whose shoes are in the middle my floor
good always sweep um oh I'm gonna sweep
them right now do you want to say hi I
like your jammies mr. rocketship
I have been working on this prank it
seems like forever I'm getting so tired
this prank is so freaking amazing I
can't wait to get it done and get it
uploaded actually it is uploaded now if
you're watching this who's ready for a
new prank well it's just after midnight
and younger dude yeah you're hungry yeah
why shouldn't you be it's it's a new day
that's it's after midnight and we're
ready to rock we are going to fold more
shirts tonight and I just finished
editing I can't do any more my eyes
actually hurt dude Roman you're such a
baby his fingers are bleeding for real I
got calluses from editing so much but
from what I saw you're gonna like it you
won't like it it's already up right now
and here it is last time it didn't work
it took like a week I'm gonna stick to
it if you guys get this new prank on the
main channel hundred thousand lights in
48 hours from the time I uploaded it 48
hours I'm giving away a PlayStation 4 to
one of you on the vlog channel not the
main channel you want one yeah
you can't participate but you can like
the video I like it all anyway honestly
guys you can get it the soldiers can
smash it to 100k I will personally give
away a PlayStation 4 brand-new
in-the-box
to you guys so go smash it right now
just stop this vlog go hit it and come
back you guys Rock they're gonna do it
that's where they're gonna do it not in
a week 48 hours they'll do it
which kind of sucks but it's good but it
kind of sucks this I got to go get a ps4
let's go check on our ladies or ladies
they better be down here there's one
there's two go get some sleep little
buddy get him home daddy all right guys
we're calling a night quick vlog for you
I'm sure this time I'm sure it's quick
this time I don't know
all right the the rules apply for the
PlayStation 4 go smash the new prank I
know you're gonna love this one it's
super fun
and it's a blast we had a blast making
it we're absolutely exhausted it's past
2:00 in the morning it's late it is so
late I love you guys until tomorrow
smile more I mean like pepto-bismol do
anything for stomach I just hurt so bad
