did you see what Bryan what'd he say
that I had some kitchen work to do oh
well looks fine it looks good dude just
leave it rock it it's great is it the
hair Bryan you look straight off the
streets of Compton
how's that cottage cheese building
looking good looking fresh country I
think the only one pulling it off like a
beast you tell you what I love the head
Britney says I like that you look like
rob dyrdek
was that mean oh I like that blast
where's your hat hi guys welcome to the
vlog we are starting this day off we
just got new hats in today and
everybody's right there we go look at
flash rockin it look at that
dude you didn't have to pay him anything
like he's just standing up for no reason
you don't think I'm paying him right now
you look good it looks good don't say
look right the hat looks right you look
wrong it's me it's holy dude if you want
a haircut we can do it right now this is
a really confusing way to start this
video scan in the middle of everything
but huh do you want a mug ill hock let's
do it your heart
alright ladies how many hearts do we
have it doesn't look like many I'm not
gonna lie this is it this is the whole
shipment that's all that well you really
prepared for this one chances are if you
don't get one right now they're gonna be
gone before
so just burped all right so what do we
got here we've got that new snapbacks
camo lip in the small more bold font so
this is actually pop once if I can get
it in my hair oh I look like a weird
peacock looking okay so this is really
nice new hat
probably our best quality hat yet it's
very very nice and this just pops out
really clean if you like the cam on the
snap backs and it has the the fitted in
the back is our plus these are plus
these are the classic how these are nice
nice really know if you're confused
about I'm not dogging our other
hazardous in this is really clean this
is fresh funders
you look like a number one stunner it
actually looks you know what it looks
I'm not kidding it looks different on
every single one of you and you all look
amazing all right we all gonna split up
we got things to do the glass is it
ready mirrors mirrors and it you've
absolutely can go with us you can go
with me cleaning out my closet I said
I'm sorry mom golden arches what do you
say that I had some kitchen work to do I
wasn't filming that I got it oh my god
you're a mess dude you're a mess it's
like we have a bird living in here we
gotta go we we going on a little
adventure today we got some things I'll
do my thing what are you gonna do tell
you what like this all right have fun
we'll be back all right
Veronica's cleaning up your seeds okay
on a real note this is all the hats we
have right here it is not usually you
guys no one would get a shipment in it's
this whole area fills this is it and
Brittany said that she ordered all the
hats that they had this is all we have
for now so if you want one you know what
to do a link in description you can get
one now freshmen well sigh baby I love
you dude bro love thought cuz you proud
you've worn it more hats than me with
snapbacks is it you pull the sticker or
does that mean that it's fresh you know
what how does that work how does that
work I'm gonna take him on oh yeah
you're taking the sticker off take the
sticker on I'm leaving my own with like
the newer ear caps the gold ones it's
just like that I'll put double your hats
so fresh I've never left the sticker on
never done it okay huh what's going on
in the wild huh
course sleeping dang it I just want to
say hi to you guys what's up what's up
who's this
what oh you're doing the arm thing again
hey give me five I'll be back give me
five baby it's cold outside
Empire what's up bud you're looking
better than ever my man you looking
great ready for this winner to go I'm
ready for spring guys I think I'm
getting a little worn out of the snow
right just drive it
you have some flowers some flowers he
would have an auto trader and a Jegs
Magnus oh you're not Brian you're not
bronze your back that bad I'm so mad the
first thing that happened was when we
went snowboarding that first time such a
mellow fall tweaked my back really bad
and then I got this cough the
chiropractor fixed me Mike off brought
it back doctor says I need a backing out
of me country want to drive a real truck
here we go come on him you gotta move
dude he's literally just sitting in the
middle of the driveway very good very
good
so for the past I don't know how many
months has it been since we've been
working on this gym downstairs it's been
a lot of work Brian the girls wanted
mirrors on the finish side of the walls
Brian ordered these custom-made mirrors
well you want to tell my happened last
week tell my husband you ordered the
mirrors the mirrors we're going to pick
up the proper mirrors they deliberately
caught the mirrors again Brian's been
really you've been driving the ball
lately man well I didn't when I measured
it all I didn't even think about the
steps the ceiling and the front like
this Oh baby babe this is it this one
weird one what's this back here a bonus
cut off huh what can we do a giant
leftover mirrors no those are some giant
mirrors holy smokes
custom cut mirrors right exciting
tickets right now custom cut mare's you
gotta have them you just have me girls
before the girls want mirror how do you
cut them here with water leave
laser water like Tony Stark Tony Stark
works here he cuts there's a wheel on it
that you can literally straight line
yeah but this feels like a round cut
it's not flat yeah it's a special girls
wanted me as we got in here
okay so we got our glass which is like
something we just need to get dumb and
now we're hungry and we all like golden
arches but then we saw panda and I don't
we all week we all week panda pendant
right pan is the choice right now so
look at this snow turn off the snowboard
so we got one more thing to do after
we're gonna eat real fast and then we're
just gonna warp over to my buddy Felix's
who usually gets us like cool vehicles I
get the school bus from him and all the
red jelly bean the car jelly bean that
we totaled yeah I like like all the
responsible business owners the Panda
was like we ain't plowing not like you
want to eat just come in we should all
fall like just pretend fall be crippled
it's like they bring us a fortune cookie
yo we all come in here looking like
hungry
yo he was yelling forced through the
drive-through let's go help him he's
stuck we got to help our fans out we got
to help our viewers out we're coming for
you buddy
we're coming for you let's go let's go
oh we got this no way you can't look bad
we can't look bad he's gotta get old man
oh that's all I got
don't stop you want a picture Oh number
HOD just told you guys we have this trip
that's coming up very shortly and then
the big decision is do we drive her do
we fly and I just said I think it's too
far we should fly but then I open my
fortune cookie yes my fortune cookie
says you are an adventurer travel the
highway of life so we got a DR Horton
says leave the road for everyone else so
we supply he says leave the roads for
everyone else and soar to the sky I
swear I can't make this up you do that
if you explain this I did it ever had a
Panda Express a lot of antics but they
got the cookies you see the things
moving on my camera bite down on a
cookie and in a way make you like crazy
it did it were it did are you walking
funny yes is that is that are you being
for real yeah you look like you got you
know I don't know all right told you
guys we're gonna warp over we got a new
custom vehicle in the house that's two
wheel drive we can't do anything with
two wheel drive we can we need we need
four wheels of Rompin this is it it's
the guzzler right here oh man this is
nice oh look at that I'm not gonna tear
it out putting things like getting my my
- my new company vehicle that's my
company here know if you want to drive
it be nice put you in the pond like
you put it in the part no no part note
were you also negative I got first dibs
on it I see a four-wheel drive machine
right here capable wolf you name it
Yodas I got it even does it's got heat
this is nice got wood grain good hop in
there let's hear it I'm horsies I wanna
hear the horses Oh
stand back stand back you know I'm just
gonna say it I'm just gonna say it we
need this we oh that's it we need it
I've got the minimal wear I mean the
tires pretty worn out got a little dents
here but pretty clean
there's the four-wheel drive work yeah
you wanna try it so we test charge the
same way you'll feel like should we test
drive this thing or who's wrong with me
right now thank you all right what yeah
we just yo don't know eatin in my new
car but it wasn't me okay what you got
in your hand
we're trying to have nice things just
died it is done I gave its turn Brian
back okay let's try it oh here we go
we made it it only died one time you get
him out good country get through this is
nice actually I can't wait to send not
on a real note guys my buddy Felix he
finds these super cheap vehicles for
like he finds a super deals like it's
like we wouldn't pay for a nice vehicle
so he finds us like we've done the red
car we've done the limo we did the
school bus now we got this white Jeep
and we just want to know what should we
do with it I have nothing planned huh I
turn it off I'm safe from here it's
gonna die isn't it hi baby
my little girl what you doing sweetie hi
hi they're coming in check it out look
how big these nears are she got biggies
mears are
Birgit the Windex it made a mess oh you
know I would but I got I got a film so I
don't know how we're gonna OH
chase I guess I got a backing out of me
too hey I'm going down I'm going out let
me down
oh man it's looking Shady God durable
glass I just push it down you don't want
to not film it you know it's like if
this goes shattering and I was like I
wasn't filming because that happens oh
man it's gonna look good though it's
gonna look easy is it yeah
it's cracked oh we gotta go back up
bring it back upstairs take it back
upstairs let's the top four it doesn't
matter
look crack never hurt nobody mommy's
crazy oh my gosh I knew this would
actually have nothing to do with so I've
said this many times in the past when
I've locked Korra got a vlog here girl I
got he's crawling into the corner what
are you doing over there huh Cora where
you going no I said this isn't fast as a
blogger you never want to go into the
bathroom and start picking at your face
I fight myself in the mirror I just
start picking everything yeah that what
you wanted is that what you wanted you
really work for it get it girl get it
get it get it crazy that she's turning
into just one of us laying around on the
floor doing our thing mommy's cleaning
the little monkey toes but we are um
we're gonna go for today guys thanks for
hanging out with us and now just being a
part of our daily lives and things that
we do and we got this Jeep tell us what
we should do with the Jeep I've seen
some free Jeep today you see the white
one no I thought I told you that's why I
was leaving I did I did get the mirror
so I didn't lie - yes that is true
we got their mares just like a regular
car regular Jeep truck before
exactly exactly what's it for I don't
know that's better that's better
what are you doing what are you doing
what do you see oh it's you doing the
mouth thing hey keep doing
what are you doing talks what are you
doing you're freaking me out now flash
because I'm giving texts attention you
lay there so if we take this mirror at
this red mirror right here and we
reflect on to the ceiling the cat makes
this crazy thing with his mouth what I
make the reflection you see it make it
do it make it do it get touched his
attention can't do it as flash it's
hogging cam'ron okay you got it does he
see it yes like he's not interested he
just got his eyes on Tucker flash you
see that Eddy hand anyway he does this
little thing that's yeah I can't go in
the laundry room and when I come out you
scare us
where'd it go what's mommy doing
the whole time you're doing that Rogers
time anyway guys love you so much thanks
for hanging out with us today we will
see them all tell us what we should do
with the Jeep all options are out there
and we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a guy got him
God
you
