he's hyper he's ready to go
flash is ready to rock and roll my ho
and witness mouth I love it
welcome to the vlog guys just getting
started you want to jump right you want
to jump on the trampoline that's weak
that's what you want to do oh well at
least it's a little blue join the
during the fam we're sleeping right now
it is like the perfect outdoor
temperature for a hoodie it's cool it's
not hot it's like right in the middle
perfect especially to get in them suits
cuz it was hot right this is perfect out
here
get him up get him in oh it's so weird
holding a vlog Cameron flippin mah Bret
come on Brittany from flip from flip do
ya who's here somebody's here
Colin Carson crazy what's up dudes
that's why you jumping for these going
crazy today what's up man it is he's got
me that's true yeah so what's actually
going on here what's going on with the
hair eyelashes and like so those are
fake eyelashes yeah totally can you
blink I mean I mean like let me see him
how do you see I think it looks good
shot like I'm just practicing so I was
like where's the sleeve I think you look
cute like a cartoon character like cute
like a cartoon character I guess that's
what I'm saying like
in public like in a public place like
that okay
you guys probably I've said this before
it knows I'm a big fan when girls don't
wear makeup I enjoy you without makeup I
like I like when you just like maybe do
your eyes and stuff but I'm a big fan of
very little makeup but I'm not gonna lie
you look you look cute I like it look
adorable you look huggable like I could
cuddle with you and watch a movie
yourself yeah not like take me out to
dinner yes we should go scare the kids
cuz they're just sittin out there what
would chase on just you not a scared kid
I not a scare kids like weeds okay so we
got these outfits yes sir we thought it
would be funny to do adult things as
babies I think will be funny but the
kids are out there just doing stuff a
muzzle run out chase them what is that
hands-free breast pump let's put them on
just try let's just try it
they're not scared it's fine here take
mine take my extra bet sorry honey what
would you know
yeah I think it's easier if she's not
getting yeah okay so you need to do your
straps first on shoulder yeah and then
there's the thing that straps on your
head you have to velcro come on to play
and you come out to play today chases
being a creeper through the window yeah
you should see when he does that while
I'm taking a shower
that's my shoulders yeah so your
shoulders go through there and then the
thing goes around your head what is
going on like a GoPro little clothes
baby
now it's starting to look like a baby I
need to fix your pacifier
that's all my baby um don't look like a
binky looks like something's wrong with
his mouth what is that
so you go film the kids and distract
them and I'll come up behind them all
right okay from the pawn you don't think
I should film from the pawn
I can feel the air come from the pot and
then do an interview with them like if
they're having fun and I'll come up
behind them okay fine of course the kids
found the brand-new pile of fresh dirt
flat in this area all out where donkeys
barn was yeah I'm gonna interview you so
sit right there in the hole down and
down a little bit in the hole let's come
down just a little bit more yeah this is
the interview are you guys ready for the
interview question number one uh you
guys know Korra's a baby right do you
guys like babies what's your favorite
thing about babies
you like that they're cute he kind of
scared you it's so hard to see I know
all right I'm gonna go get mine on and
then let's challenge it up good you guys
have to vote on who did everything the
best I know I like super weird today
really hard to film it's like a breeze
coming out of here maybe I can put you
guys in here
look how much space I have in here like
it's it's huge
yesterday we asked you guys some ideas
what we could do against each other or
just for fun I think riding a bike
riding four-wheelers maybe hitting a
ramp doing trampoline just fun stuff in
these suits I just couldn't resist
getting these they're hilarious
it looks funny without your hands oh you
got them you got them bowlegs girl you
got them bowed bodacious like there's
gonna be impossible to film together
chase chase you take this
you wanna jump on a trampoline little
baby oh come on little baby boy oh come
on little baby boy oh you're so cute
you're so cute Oh challenge number one
best stunt this is best trick contest
baby down okay baby boy
I won this because Roman has a bloody
nose so I win okay trampoline went
pretty well my nose is not bleeding for
good it look good I landed right on my
face dude right on my face dude felt
great huh
next thing bikes and skateboards oh oh
yeah girl get it you got your driver's
license I might need to see some ID did
you think like 30 years ago growing up
you this is this is what this is what
the future would be nope
right here mom Oh expected flying cars
and things like that instead we got John
babies right ninjas hey she might need a
diaper change too are you trying to do
here get a scooter
there you go you got this yes it's one
one foot at a time there you go it's a
trike race truck bring my Mack
get set go
anything took the race I think we're
gonna have to give it to Brittany did
the throttles in the mantra okay
that's a wrap I say overall it was
spawned not much of a challenge per se
but the baby costumes are great and I
just you know kinda ate it Oh think of
that my poopy we changed me know here in
so much I saw where I didn't know okay
she got me these brand new shoes
yesterday I was so so excited to get new
shoes and I gotta wear a muddy forever
yep
what would be the next great inflatable
suit that you wear man I thought the
little dinosaurs were the best and I
still love them with that baby I love it
ten dollars eat frozen shrimp do
anything how to jump in there for $100
no you didn't smell it yes show me
mixing my fish food and uh teeth boxcars
just don't want to drop it on the carpet
oh man that's a lot of shrimp cocktail
right there they will have this whole
thing clear in minutes the creatures
come to life they always come out when
you feed them it's crazy look at that
that is so awesome my crab is out you
almost never see this guy see if I can
get him he's right back on
there he's right there check it out dude
oh he heard me yeah oh yes here you guys
make up make up make up
Brittany's been watching these like how
to crazy Halloween face paints and like
adding like crazy mouths and scars and
blood anything I'll start calling you
bubbles so you know we got bubbles she
makes me laugh so much
yeah
ducks darts tux tuxedo kitten kitty
kitty my god look up yeah I just want to
keep you awake every night 1 a.m. right
on cue cat goes crazy full throttle baby
bottle this cat is running through this
how both chance they they're not
currently no they come alive at night so
our goal King we got to keep them up all
day we can't let him sleep yeah I don't
know if the method works but if you keep
them up all day they got to sleep at
night right I'm just confused see wow
she roll the noise yeah alright and then
have to build a tree yeah really have to
build uh yeah you can yeah alright start
to build what's green that's impossible
okay I want to try I have to build this
guys right there
mommy's doing mommy thinks about to give
Korra a bath which it's pretty always
pretty interesting I got a house strive
to build what's the red day okay I'm
gonna show him wait what they expect you
build that there's no way I can build
that with the Legos I have it's a bath
time bad time for a little monster she's
looking at the fish
give me the fish de chile
give me the fishies mm-hmm still in the
kitchen sink right here in this big old
pink flower she just sits in there and
then get washed with the warm water whoo
that's little too long she always does
incredibly well I mean almost zero
complaints she doesn't say anything
she's gonna be running around the mud in
the yard with cane all right little girl
you ready for a nice sleep tonight
mm-hmm oh so cute your makeup compared
to when we started this video - now it's
about the same you've been to a lot
today
Oh although in a big bit you were a big
baby today I'm just gonna say you're a
big baby guys we're gonna do our
parenting stuff for the rest of the
night and I hope you enjoy three videos
in a row
what is up new world record one thing
just go I guess you just do that part
bug I'll see you in a minute all right
we love you guys so much thanks for all
the support hope you are excited to just
have daily vlogs back I am I'm really
just trying to focus now on our family
what we're doing that is my goal that
that's that's back when I was my
happiest when I was just doing family
stuff being here with my family
fulfillment you know sometimes I get
confused between entertainment and
memories right so there's a fine there's
a balance there where I will still want
to entertain you guys like crazy but
awesome why don't we watch these with
the kids when I'm when I'm a thousand
years old it was a little bit of that
Brittany and I had a blast together
there like just goofing off we look you
guys we got to go we will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
