what's up guys good morning
actually good morning it's not even near
morning I'm not gonna lie to you guys I
haven't picked up my camera and it's
what 5:30 5:30 in the evening I've been
a little under the weather I told Alex I
said yo I'm gonna go take a half hour
nap yeah then it was like three hours
later I woke is I got the I got the new
prank up on the on the channel and the
new vlog and I was just like you know
what I'm gonna take a little catnap I
don't feel that good next thing I know
it's late it's time to vlog cuz this is
vlog number 20 in a row which I'm very
proud of you proud of me very proud I
think I think everyone's proud of you no
one thought you could do it Roman but
you did you did we're going for 21 now
every day is a new record oh it's so
pretty
this place always makes me wonder why
Ohio exists alright guys we just got the
sagebrush Alex's favorite no I just like
it a lot that he just hated touch on a
football they have really good footballs
here we're here with his dad Howie
Ivan I'm the father yeah what if Aaron's
out then you're the father
oh my god you're like a young Maury
Povich the results are in what a way
with a way to find out we can want to
find like a fight fight on TMZ
is this what it's like when we hang out
Sunday night family dining here we enjoy
a family dinner well that was fun
your parents are off they're so nice
they bought me dinner they bought me
cinnamon and there was no fights out
here so I think we're gonna make it out
alive
there's checking everywhere under the
stairs I'm like I don't know where I'm
holding my breath from laughing I'm
watching you pace like where is he I
just scared the crap outta this
he's so jumpy it's so easy I only have
to try it's like you don't know he can
do anything you want to get jobs you
realize that if your fans ever see me on
like third Street or something I'm just
they're just gonna pop out at me just
scare you all the time all right guys I
know these things are awful for you I
you know but what's your favorite energy
drink you got monster you got the new
Mountain Dew kicks you got Red Bull you
got all these different options you got
the coffee I'm a big fan of these
actually I like the mocha and make me
poop
but uh you got rock star I don't know
what's your favorite what's your
favorite uh donkey punch cuz it's like a
punch to the back of the head donkey
punch interesting I'm just gonna the Red
Bull so we just got back to Alex's and
I'd like you to meet what's your name's
cherish and that's your real name
and she cuts Alex's hair and I actually
need a haircut so you're gonna cut my
hair hair perfect I don't know I'm gonna
really miss this okay so we're just
gonna do the basics shave the sides down
and can you write smile on the side of
my head you cannot you're not okay huh
you know what I'm out here guys I'll see
you later
that's fine my barber would actually get
upset if he did that so let's just do it
let's just shave it down I'm gonna throw
me the whole time make sure just for my
safety purposes that I what are you
doing I'm just blogging you blogging
that was a fast haircut what do you guys
think just got to do it now he had it
all like gallon yeah it's old down I
can't wait till this grows out I'm
growing this out big time
actually wish she would have cut the
back a little more I know I should have
incident sorry just like you said not to
touch it so what's the same he said not
to tell you said you like justice I know
so that you know mullets are in again
but coming back
boats are back baby had to give me a
quick shower wash all this stuff out
let's just see what these guys are doing
cleaned up here
there you go get that floor clean boy
that's your hair all right guys I hate
to do this is probably the shortest vlog
in the last 20 days I hate to do that
but I'm packing up I'm headed home
tomorrow I know you guys missed the
family Kane no and Brittany I'm so
excited to get home and this week has
been amazing but I gotta go and I can't
keep it straight we tried to be funny
stick it all yeah you guys do me a favor
do me a favor
alex is treating me like a king for the
last two weeks he's been vlogging
started a new vlog channel most you guys
know but go check out his channel I'm
actually gonna put his link in the top
of this description and goose smashes
page he's hilarious dude and a hell of a
dancer he's oh yeah I'm gonna smash that
- that bunny you smash this all day
today
yeah go show some love man he's got some
hilarious videos and uh that's all I got
for you guys I'm sorry this is so sure
but this is day 20 mm mm Wow 20 20 day
20 love you guys till tomorrow
I'll see you in Ohio smile more baby
baby
hahaha I want a puppy now you take you
big baby
