what up guys good morning I decided to
do something nice for the girls today
because they've been breaking their
little fingers in the smile Moore store
that I helped not bus and Mail smile
more orders to the post office I'm just
a nice guy this is what I do man I was
videotaping yeah that's a big car that's
a big car to mail right there holy moly
I love messing with people all the time
like good good clean fun like not gonna
hurt nobody by what I just did is fun
it's great I love it
I'm gonna go pick up Gilroy and we're
gonna go get a bunch more shelves for
the store today's kind of a Store day
guys I'm sorry I hate I hate to push
this on you but you want daily vlogs and
this is my life so I got to take you
along on it so let's go all right like I
said I had to run the Gilroy's we were
doing another photo was it last week
every time we had a color we have to
read you a whole photo so look at this
dude this is craftsmanship oh my gosh
almost too good to be true boom bah bah
yeah so the reason we're down here today
is because we got the new green I can't
believe people requested green I would
have never ordered green but we got so
many
like green order green account in that
same voice
they said it like that enough do what
kind of precise stacking skills it takes
to do this you have to spend four years
in college to get that right it takes
absolutely no skills to see that I got a
real treat for you guys a lot of people
don't know this but before I had the
Roman out with YouTube channel I used to
have a mega wave films YouTube channel
and chase still has the poster from 2008
to 2009 I made this poster and it's all
of our film days look at that I look
like a stallion Domino Dale oh there's
some classic here's a good one
chase me Domino down buddy Greg look at
little Brit oh my god they'll shooting a
bang out that's a fun time those were
fun days dude look out look how
professional we used to shoot it is my
cam right where's the one with me upside
down holding the bike up there's a
picture oh boy this right thing leave
this picture of me oh yeah it's awesome
dude so before we get anywhere by a real
work done today we decided to stop for
some lunch
yeah it's definitely lunchtime
uh eat it wait to see what I ordered
Jase got tacos don't even play dude
these tacos are okay I tried to warn you
guys leave this I want your mouth just
start water like literally look at it
imagine that touching your tongue it
just like penetrates your mind she's got
these little guys you don't know but you
got a tongue family crowd I'm hurting so
but you look like you're hurt and bad
look at this gone all gone I'm ready for
a man it's gonna be productive dude
these stores are getting so big and get
lost in here I don't even know where
this kid even foster put everything on
the signs like flooring we're not we're
going the wrong way bro whoa on the
wrong friggin way it's wick wick
hardware Delores lumber I don't know
we're looking for shelves shelves just
like the ones we have I hope they have
the same ones this is a different Oh
baby baby here they are dude I got this
I got this bro
the won't go anywhere don't ever touch
the rent ever touches a red one you
don't wanna drive this thing oh you were
ready hello captain steubing mission to
come aboard phantom phantom phantom
phantom
come on you mean listen to how you
talking to me you understand do
something just happen to my throat like
I'm losing my voice all of a sudden you
hear it ah oh man what kind of excuse
you're gonna come up with do you hear it
I even got a coffee out I don't hear it
hey you lie like a rug you lie like a
rug I'll take what's really good and I'm
sure you're gonna agree with me is I'm
not sore anymore yesterday was the last
day of soreness I was still a little
tender to touch that means I didn't
exercise I ripped everything in my body
dude you know if I lose my voice that
means I'm gonna miss a vlog right so
we're all looking at this piece of mail
I got today it's in a bag and there's
like stuff leaking out of it it's
probably gunpowder or something yeah as
soon as you rip I'm scared to open a yo
and there's no like name it's just a
dress back to me all right
full salon you can breathe it we're fine
Oh likes just this pretty wind catcher
right whatever your dream dream catcher
and the little beads bro
allegedly Alysha thanks Alysa
we knew it was fine we knew well that
you know exactly what's new okay my good
buddy Jeff just showed oh hey guys
mr. man his wife Sierra and we're about
to kill some talk my wife case do you
like tacos
yes I love tacos talk about right who
remembers Jeff from sketching bar we
made what a hundred sketches eighty
between probably about eighty sketches
still on the main channel all there is
Nikki very sketchy we got a lot of
options tonight me chicken soft hard
brownies I think I'm just gonna skip
right to brown nicely up Brown mmm
thanks for dinner
good job how is it good best ever great
it's the best it's not very long time
taco what did you say it's not better
nobody show you this back door we go
haha as the actor the guessers partner
yes we're playing a game called
headbands haha headbands and basically
I'm gonna put something up and then
somebody has to guess what or act out
what it is I have to act it out let's
just play it yeah we don't need one
here's first cuz she's the younger hang
on
go Greg oh hey
it's my partner yell again
alright Gill has to act out whatever she
pulls him Gilligan but if it's not right
side oh you're never you I acted out J's
ready and here that's really you can use
any object no frog okay you're missing
it two times been up for a while but
we'll keep going that's not long enough
tooth fairy
I knew putting the baby kangaroo in the
palace would seal it act out okay what's
on my head Wow good luck hold on hold on
hold on oh no time
you amen elevator freezer
fire yes I'm gonna say that's it that's
the game she want I want every single
time just kidding I lost play this guy
was actually a really fun game and I'm
probably the meanest uncle on the planet
you are porker how long ago was that
I didn't say poor Colin he's over there
just sleeping all nice and I'm just
tickling his brain all right so my man
Jeff is in the par 4 you like parkour
yeah boy I got some parkour for you mom
follow me that's a tortilla show all
right so this is it this is the
challenge actually I can't actually
figure out if my couch has been moved so
we used to be able to jump off the couch
on to that and shimmy but I'm thinking
the couch has been moved so now you have
to jump backwards ha ha ha well I
sprained my ankle last Friday ah see now
see now
there's no way okay let me try Chinese
right you have to jump too far back all
of the diverse oh yeah it is you can do
it if you try just for three of us you
and I here we go Oh shimmy shimmy cocoa
puffs that was good
as I'm just used to be my buddy Oh busy
drumming Soviets you got to come over
more my tall girl she's all smile more
doubt this yeah thanks yeah you too I'll
see you tomorrow all right
the night is in the gill we didn't get
anything done make it nothing bum
breezy all right guys we love you we'll
see you tomorrow yeah okay
Oh Marco what a night what a night I am
convinced if I don't get a haircut sin
look at my hair I told you I would give
you a haircut Oh Edward Scissorhands
with you man thanks so much for watching
every day what do they have to do if
they want me to give you a haircut just
tell me in the comments that's it they
know that what they just say yes yes
just just all right we love you guys
thank you so much for all the likes
comment if you want Brittany to cut my
hair I love you we'll see you tomorrow
smile more
