raining raining rain morning what's up
buddy
haha take a no to school right now of
course it's way too early
and that's it I love you did the best
don't forget how awesome you are
happy pay daddy
clean juggle potty go potty
good boy get in that house clean earning
your keep boy dad is my hero look at him
he's getting it all shiny
hey that's child labor its finest no
he's been cleaning the back door for
like 20 minutes so should we tell them
yeah no I guess now he's just washing
the steps Hey didn't mean to scare you
what are you washing the steps you can
fall daddy needs that daddy needs that
waist in it yeah you're lucky I love you
kid you're lucky I love you I need to
just put water in one of those bottles
and he can run around all day stop it
alright guys so well we got Todd here
today he's doing I don't even know where
to start with this guy today man
brings over all these electronics and
the good news is is working on our
underwater 24 hour livestream camera
right he's not gonna happen or no
no it's not he's so frustrated we're
trying to get the take as blue as
possible it already doesn't show up on
camera get away from the TV Wow if I
remember what you used to do remember
when you give me five and we go wow
let's do it yeah are you gonna get it
job buddy
Caine is putting together some new
lights these are massive basically gonna
give a huge shimmering effect like you
see in the ocean on the aquarium and
Cannes my little buddy helping me out
doing really good dude nice good job
dude are killing it one hand
is that way that was your goal twistin
never about reverse it you don't know no
it's just for fun that was your goal to
push me in the bathroom it would never
happen I'd have to be really wasted I
just want to show you guys how hard
we're about to get rocked come on Zeus
take cover
yep
it's about to go down did not have the
best footage ever if you just got hit by
lightning
alright guys real quick look what came
in everybody's been waiting on these we
finally got our black bands in and we
got a lot of them I cannot believe how
many you guys ordered so this time we
are not running out and we got green now
because a million requests for green so
we got green blue was out of stock it's
back in stock now we've got we've got
enough so if you want a wristband they
are available now finally green might
take a couple days to get on the website
but everything else should be available
hurry up we're doing mail canes doing
mail actually what is all that cane you
just pulling everything out that cane
rubber band
Noah band only Roman Atwood can break
this tape up Matt no you're not robbing
out one mom gonna have to make an
exception show me how to do it we got
this from human bone works human bone
jewelry ooh
scree P yes mommy are you yeah
illo is that really a human bone says
it's a human bomb made from the dead
you're a truly unique person or just in
order to celebrate that I have chosen to
give you something quite unique oh my
god I cannot read you Nik is unique this
is one-of-a-kind actually relax it's
perfectly legal enjoy and it is not out
keep making awesome videos the bone man
oh it's a little boner that's wild man
that's a wrist
ah there's to be on somebody's body
that's crazy
oh how I feel about that I wonder if the
bone man collects bones this is probably
I don't know man this is that's awesome
it's pretty cool I don't know man that's
crazy
ha I mean how many people can actually
say they're human bones got a website
human bone jewelry dollar that's pretty
wild
Oh Gabe Gabriel Gabriel let's check it
out what is all this what is that yes
let's get your name on it oh that's
awesome
you know you don't have to send Kane a
gift if you're sending bubble wrap
Popat game this is the bomb it's awesome
I think it's safe to see oh this is for
Noah Oh awesome you have a little pile
for Noah then shoplift films a whole
bunch of stuff stickers they must be
youtubers shoplift films they sent DVDs
they must do like sketches in pranks I
don't have to put it in there's no note
or anything not from anybody
ah that's the name on it there's there
is no name at all oh is that for Zeus
I'm sure everybody I'm sure somebody
will will comment who got it has no name
Ernie it's for Lucy poopy Susie can have
these that's cute
look another Amazon Fulfillment with no
name
oh it's dog toys Mourdock toys oh no I
better do so like that huh oh here we go
could there be no name on this at all
sorry guys whoever ordered these they
didn't put your name on it so it's
complete mystery Estates you want to do
it you can do it yeah ready try it try
two of them would a squeaky - this is
gonna be so happy scream visions extreme
vision apparel stream vision apparel
it's like school whoa hey I was awesome
huh oh wow Roman soldier it's a
one-of-a-kind yo
your sauce yes also salt company maybe
maybe they can make a small more socks
hey these are kind of Fayed short done
right now I put this on these are
awesome
oh those are so cool it's like Christmas
morning patrick connors from virginia
one more time
Virginia one more time Virgina separate
is that others yeah definitely if not
crushed what's in this one cane be
careful want to open it open it see
what's in there come see what's in there
whoa looks like a painting he just cares
about the bubble wrap so good it's here
he's gone that's like a hamster smell
circuits not that's cedar yeah I love
that it is beautiful to Roman Brittany
Noah and cane thank you for all thank
you all for inspiring me to smile more
I'm Patrick from Virginia I love it
that's awesome
my name is christian wood and i'm a
Roman soldier smile more on scrapbook oh
yeah
who is that that's not Zeus all right so
I got another another package from
Gabriel Kim I'm gonna show you this kit
he's probably one of the biggest
soldiers we've ever had he sins so much
mail he always sends cool stuff for
everybody
um is that another one from them Oh
Gabriel dude you rock thank you no no
Amon - yeah
that's you while we have to Brent
Goulding I practice drawing portraits on
people and I wanted to do one of you
guys if you enjoy so much dude Thank You
Brent we love it it's awesome
anybody that takes time we're all us
it's no of us we're really good oh look
here help them hold it you hold that
side hold it up you hold that side
Satie's alright we'll take all night to
go through all the actual letters umm if
you sit male thank you so so much
cane loving the stuff and we will do it
seriously we got so many cool things
it's ridiculous mugs posters paintings
dogs for the toy bracelets for the kids
and us a human bone necklace a drawing
of me if you want to send something our
p.o box is always in the description of
these videos um and we will try to put
it in the vlog you know Brittany Roman
also cute there's a quick update on the
aquarium we're getting lots of corals
growing in and adding and it's really
starting to take effect um beautiful
clam all kinds of corals umm this clam
is unbelievable I wish you guys could
see it in person like yeah yeah it just
doesn't do justice so basically now I'm
just packing up for I got to go to
Cincinnati tomorrow to film a prank and
I'm really excited about it I might take
you guys along with me for the
behind-the-scenes or we're gonna have
fun this feel like I'm always forgetting
stuff I'm like the guy that has camera
parts all over the house and every room
and the closet I can come in my closet
literally just find a light or a
microphone
you can find stuff in sock baskets it's
crazy it's ridiculous
Britt and I are downstairs now this has
been just kind of a busy day wrapping
orders up alright guys that's all I got
for you today tomorrow taking you to
film a new prank a very fun prank and
for now we got to work work work work it
all to Smerch out remember we got black
bands available now and greens coming up
tank tops this week I love you guys what
I already told him we're heading away
like minutes I got she's working a
little fingers raw all right I love you
guys I'll see you tomorrow for a prank
day a fun prank day I love you mama it's
my song van Halen baby whoo I'm a school
man what carbonation
