good morning I told you I leave off
right here at the airport coming back
from San Diego just landed in Chicago
and today we get to go home the Sun is
coming up
my very last flight so I hit Columbus go
home and see the kids and Britt and it's
cold
we made it guys we made my eyes are
burning I probably look like dog it
feels good to be home I'm on baby I'm
home welcome to the rain nah it's
probably nice shitloads are we go anyway
guys thanks so much for coming to San
Diego with me it was a fun trip I had a
blast everyone treated me like a king
there I'm excited to go home I'm
literally gonna go right in into bed I
know everybody's still asleep so I'm
just gonna climb in sneak in their house
pass out
what up guys I'm fresh and restarted I
just wore probably five hours from the
last time you just seen me a second ago
me and caters is gonna get Noah are you
excited to get Noah your sleep he's
gonna fall asleep any minute
but I'll pick it up Noah from school
right now
some people just aren't cut out for life
on the road it's my song van Halen baby
whoo I was school man what carbonation
feels hot pain still passed out he's
gonna be so happy to see you yeah it
always feels good get back home with my
little monsters ayah Britney and Cain
immediately went to the store like I
didn't like shewn gone so no and I are
gonna head over to my brother's uh it
was little Dale his son's birthday
yesterday and I missed it I wasn't home
so I'm gonna go say hi and I hang out
there for a minute one minute it's all
we got
yeah I got beat yeah Cain wants nothing
this is what we're dealing with right
now I can
you are shopping thank you okay guys so
the kids are in bed I I just got home
today at it put the camera in everyone's
face all day so we've just warped into
the night and we had just posted on
Twitter Q&A so Brittany and I are gonna
answer some questions for you guys
starting with the beginning I don't go
to the beginning you might as well we
might as well get this one out of the
way right off the bat it's probably
asked more than anything in my entire
career is when are you guys getting
married why don't you tell them whatever
you decide that's a good time
so you'd be ready all right I don't know
when we're getting married it's gonna be
a surprise no matter what whenever it's
gonna happen but I don't know we're just
happy we're just happy people so why
mess with it yeah she's saying that now
no I told you you have until Kings start
school so that's another year that's all
I have yeah then what and then I have
another year all right let's move on I
like this one if you and your family
could go anywhere in the world for
vacation without worrying about money
where would it be I know where mine
would be Bora Bora it's like my dream
vacation Bora Bora I want to go there
for a month at least some yeah Tahiti
Bora Bora
Australia Great Barrier Reef then I
could go on all day yeah but I'd have to
take sitters with the kids for like a
place with xscape it says without
worrying about money we could take 100
sitters that's true that's true okay oh
all right here's a good one that people
ask all the time is how did we meet
this that's it that's a good one I
remember the exact second I saw you like
literally the exact thing yeah I walked
into the hospital because Gilroy and my
best buddy Gilroy was having a baby
first kid first his first kid
and I walked in the hospital and that's
the first time I ever seen Britney I was
like who the heck is this girl I've
grown up with this family my entire life
I never seen her before that was the
first time I seen you
yeah I'm going to answer this one real
fast of my own because it gets asked at
every interview I ever do and that's the
most what is my favorite prank I've ever
done is by far the letter B prank I
absolutely love it if you haven't seen
my letter B prank please look it up it's
it's by far my favorite basically stick
a letter B on somebody and then somebody
else runs up says they have a B on them
it's so fun creative I'm really proud of
that one do you plan on extending your
family you do yeah actually we want to
have one more kid one more one more but
after the movie's over and well you
can't plan it we can't plan it just
happens when it happens Wow I want to at
least shoot for that well shoot for that
huh all right I'm gonna give this one to
you this is all you this uh this guy
asks how much how much do you love this
guy yeah he haunts me my dreams and I
think this picture is gonna live a long
time on the air all right this guy asks
a question for Kane what's your favorite
color
it's definitely yeah it's yeah he's
asleep I would ask him but I can almost
guarantee he's gonna say his favorite
color is yeah actually he loves his
colors right now
he likes paint yeah so much I just said
yeah and red I think friends his
ultimate favorite but okay all right
pana you've you've changed in the last
three seconds look ridiculous they give
your body but you got huge boobs all
right let's keep going do you have any
plans to add any more interesting fish
or corals to your tank of course and in
one year that tank is going to be in
magazines I'm going to have it magazines
you don't believe me like what magazine
hustler hustler playboy of all the girls
come stand around the tank yeah
how does Britney feel about dating a
famous youtuber what is that like I
wouldn't say I'm famous though know what
it's like all right what is your
favorite prank that I've ever done
mm-hmm
anniversary prank it does not count oh
my goodness I love like all the scare
prank like what was the bush prank where
you guys literally just found a pile of
oh my god oh my favorite prank that
video is sold really runner it that's
like one of our first pranks actually
yeah okay a lot of questions for our
favorite music our favorite artist mine
is I've been on a real like kick with
like inspiring hip-hop whatever you call
it I would definitely be Eminem as
number one for me nothing and I've never
listened to anything more than Eminem
it's my favorite artists in the world
I've been listening a lot of MGK lately
um he's he's awesome what about you he
listened a lot MGK with me yeah all
right so like country like she's a
country girl
I am I always change her presets in the
car
that's just so many country stations
like yeah I like country everybody
really wants to know a lot about the
movie unfortunately I can't say a lot
about the movie we start filming in June
everything right now is pre-production
developing and building everything we
need to start shooting once we start
shooting it's going to be bam bam bam
fast huge crew huge production I cannot
wait to bring you guys along on this
it's it's bigger than any of us think
it's it's amazing I can't wait to tell
you
I just gotta leave it at that ah why
don't you get off the counter II little
cat come here oh my baby for Zeus is so
tired tonight he can't even lift his
head up be gonna be my feeling huh huh I
know he's beets huffing and puffing
alright guys my camera is literally
flashing red dead I'm gonna cut it off
right now
and call it a night thank you guys so
much for the questions I wish we could
answered more but we're gonna do these a
lot more often so uh it's fun I like it
so we will see you guys tomorrow
thanks again for watching thanks for
always liking these videos thanks for
coming home with me from San Diego I
love you don't forget to smile more San
Diego Zoo my ticket good let's just go
see what all the hype is about
