good morning guys another beautiful day
in LA we are walking to a like a custom
t-shirt printing shop we're going to try
to do a new prank I know you guys are
dying for new prank we actually got a
couple coming out but we're trying to
find this printer place and it's
somewhere around here and a lot this is
a pretty Haggard screen spread up they
just did just put it
we're going to try to kiss some custom
t-shirts made here I don't know bro I
don't know bro
I don't know bro we just got to this
little breakfast restaurant looks pretty
good
got all the typical all the typical
breakfast items except they got Fried
Chicken & Waffles you that look really
good actually
so we just got to Venice Beach we're
getting ready to set up for a quick
little prank nice camera bro dude stop
but you soon know me metalli like old
school days you remember those days yes
I remember those bring a camera out and
we just walk around and fill the viewers
want to see that I want to see this
production ship I'm sorry guys I know
it's really bring him back right poor
school old school pranks that's what we
need back on Venice Beach
these people are here are crazy to
conduct in the weird you see everything
and one hour here you've seen everything
in the world that's a good inscription
what up master Pam
it's crooked he wants them all boom
these are so awesome we did a video not
to leave Venice Beach and know what's a
little bit yeah I'll see it alright fun
so we get to go spend the rest of our
day in meetings sitting in the office
space baby you guys excited yeah oh this
is our second week it's the second week
sitting in an office space meeting with
people about a big project so what do
you guys do when you're tired how do you
like amp up dude I just feel so dragging
right now how about you Vee I feel
saggy I'm so laid back
I need to wake up the energy let's
drinking all your redbull tell tell
Roman for him I'll walk a walk a Red
Bull down oh yes did so I need a red
board the meeting I'm tired I've I need
amped up so one of the Red Bull and uh
good Johnny Hollywood here took a red
ball the other day from a guy and said
he replace it he didn't replace it so
now he said they will personally bring
me a Red Bull alright we're done with
meetings finally we're here at a
pika-pika it's a restaurant and I know
we eat all day in these vlogs but this
place is supposed to be pretty bad a bad
eh
while you trying to get my blog is that
what your to know because I mean for
sharing my little arm playing that you
don't have any videos because I'm trying
to give you all my ideas that I have a
place called pico pinko
pika-pika right a place called pica and
so far bring out these little chickens
and sauce and this is be part how is it
in mmm-hmm words cannot describe beef
heart beef heart I don't know how to
take that like like a cow heart I think
so you can ask a chef chef Brian special
tonight oh yeah so this is tomato salad
bacon bread duck duck this is not whoa
look at this plate of ribs
look at the bottom little apples I know
you guys are getting hungry now I'm sure
you guys are like damn I want to eat I
am so stuffed y'all watch your boy's
name Brian Huskey Brian Huskey I was on
Top Chef and he just served us up so
much food we feasted like kings
oh the plate after plate Batali can't
even talk he so for who gonna do the
excuse I
I'll soon all right what's up dude you
killed it tonight man sweet this is our
chef right here for a pika pika right
come by anytime come by anytime yeah
they gonna come by ask for Bryan his
plate at the plate
ah absolutely just get back to Alex's
I'm expecting to probably be scared
somebody's gonna jump out at me
nothing yeah I thought for sure
something was gonna happen something's
really I knew you'd expect it ah
something's gotta be hey just follow me
so Alex and I are really bored so we're
gonna walk down to the Santa Monica Pier
and take the camera and our little
friend here or snake I don't know how
many videos we've made with the snake
but this is if you follow the prank
channel then this is the original snake
that we've used in every video it's
crazy
still alive I didn't bring an extra SD
card so we gotta go get an SD card and
fishing string for our snake the place
closes in 9 minutes dude 9 I'll be quick
I haven't gotten gas yet so oh yeah we
ran out of gas
yesterday's you guys remember and he
still hasn't filled it up we're still
running on the little red tank that the
guy told us would only get us to a gas
station place is like closing right now
it's still open yes thank you okay we
got our fishing string that means we get
to go mess with people ha ha my favorite
part of the day haha I don't even know
what you're gonna I won't know what he
just did imply edit the squad
some homeless guys right where I parked
asked me to buy him some beer
sit down some beer get some beer guys
right get your drink on Oh Oh case man
don't drop this shop enjoy that rock
rock and roll no no drinking and driving
enjoy Merry Christmas
gotta go find some people dude hey take
the camera you're gonna rock it out
smile more camera ha ha I'm gonna pull
some snakes
there's nobody out so hopefully we'll
get whatever we can get Oh
- Oh what do you think it was real
absolutely love this prank I wish there
was four people it was like it's so
empty it's crazy because two hours ago
this place was probably crawling with
people everywhere shoulders shoulder but
it is 11 o'clock at night or back that
was fun I wish there was more people out
but we did get some some pretty decent
reactions for only being there 30
minutes I want to do more of those
public little scare pranks even if it's
just for like this channel I want to do
fun little pranks tomorrow we're
shooting a new big prank for the main
channel all day and I can't wait don't
show them let's auto show the shirt I'm
wearing 40
Wow white shirt what could we do with
the white shirt oh he's got other white
shirts there's definitely something
written on them please always go man
we're like we're like police magnets
they love us all right guys I'm
literally passing out I'm so tired
big day is a long day meetings and
filming and just hanging out thank you
guys so much for coming along and and
and watching I'm really missing my
family tonight like really bad it's
killing me
ah so uh I'm not gonna leave this on a
downer
we're not then we're not gonna down this
out I'll see you guys tomorrow we are
filming a big epic prank for the main
channel it's gonna be amazing
I can't wait to put it up in if all goes
well - got Thursday morning so tomorrow
once you see this
Wow so we'll see about time you're
watching this I'm filming right now I
love you guys I will see you tomorrow
you know what to do smile more
I guess Auvergne is totally down to do
an epic prank right definitely
it'd be so fun definitely we want to
know Vern and I says we want to know
what we should do
maybe you guys just smash the comment
