so guys do you like sprite in welcome to
out oh you just wants to do get somebody
help me oh you got me sameer I did it's
the weather once again is absolutely
beautiful we just showed up to hang out
for a couple hours with the Dudesons
they're finishing up a video and we're
just going to help them out and then
it's just tons of meetings today it
might be a boring vlog yeah big surprise
for you this weekend yeah yeah hey say
hi to the viewers yeah it came Oh high
kick
hi cane I love you buddy oh I miss my
family now a little Cain Noah Britt you
know he's around you're like you're like
a B hey
God be so happy all the time I Love You
Man for me fresh gotta find some cheap
glasses today so bright Los Angeles
shades this is me
at least protect me in the Sun yeah
hi I settled with these they were like
10 bucks so anybody else get headaches
without glasses I get the worst
headaches if I don't have sunglasses I
think it's from squinting like
such a good joke
so when Dennis and I were in Egypt uh
they have a cup outside in the public
and everybody uses the same cup to drink
water out of well here in LA everybody
uses the same bowl apparently it's
singing the community peace pipe yeah
yes anybody that wants to use it and
just come up and puff the cheeba devil's
lettuce so you guys experienced any of
the like the bugs in LA what like the
bugs they've been talking about
there's no pox like an awesome one
bugs yeah they fly actually I saw one
last night can I kill me even fun for
nothing dude like stick it all the way
in my ear I guess you guys mine ooh you
got me back in Finland
I don't yeah it was funny whoa that's
good
that's a great idea every time we film
with people we learn so much you can
turn it like this yeah and it stabilizes
it on there I hope it's full of water so
it's stable
this is awesome that's great every time
I film with people I realize how bad we
are what we do how do we ever make it in
this prank game and it's like running
gun in with cameras good ideas that's
all he had he had to come up with some
precise a she's got a great person the
boy band the boy bands back I do
direction we two direction that's right
leave heart leave a dream yeah be
proving that right yeah smile mark smile
more my eyes apart
Brits bringing you guys much clothes
great yeah cool Alex they're nasty it
says it all right there
this is too much going on and we like
that what is this world coming to
I don't know what is wrong with us I
have to come all the way to Hollywood to
find my true inner self ha ha ha
I like this Welles it's to play with hey
beautiful
Oh God oh my god back to the meetings
back to the meetings we can't begin to
go to off our back did you bring the
smiles today dennis is going apeshit
over this flappy bird game I introduced
it to him last night on mistake and he
haven't stopped I woke up 3 a.m. he's on
it 4 a.m. he's on it 5 a.m. right now
walking to meetings he's on it they
talking to him like a zombie uh-huh
actually you got what is it flashy
splashy fish splashy fish cos flappy
birds gone that's funny
mom I'm not smiling
smile say cheese Oh everybody likes to
smile do the best part about meetings
here is get food it's such an animal is
the snack it's just so much food like
this place got this please got it man
make it a quick break walking over to
toast bakery never been here before but
from what I heard it's pretty good this
girl over here that keeps high ball in
Vitali he's got to go hit on her you got
to get her number dude yeah you can do
it
mm go to your famous
do it I'm gonna film it
oh don't give it aah
you got me we've been in meetings so
long that we're delirious
yeah I can't wait to go lift like
seriously I mean you two go whoo Oh God
that they're like oh this is if it
wasn't for this view right here no I bet
this is what keeps people saying in the
city man
is there view stress relief this is how
you feel get outside this is such a
stress ah it wasn't that bad bringing
treated lovingly Jesus do you have what
do you lipstick city we are finally
finally done with meetings and Batali's
mom cooked us up a mean batch of uh what
was it called
what was it called I don't know I just
had a few dates okay cuz she she made us
some beef cakes
so we're gonna go have something Russian
the monster dog what are you yelling at
me for anymore oh I don't like that 400
years to think oh we didn't come to
dinner last night but his mouth is so
small and tries to fight it can you get
a bite of your legs are no what in the
world is this hey what is this
it's a play-doh this is beer this wine
is and garlic she got this just for me
so another bottle you can take it with
you ah
just don't forget oh listen
oh this is me do not think me and
Brittany is gonna come stay with you
yeah you can stay look how nice
yeah she keeps him so nice you should
see my stuff what says your semester
whoa so these are the new ones yeah dang
dude how where there is it pretty good
what size you want I want uh smalls
well yeah cuz I like mine tight like I
wear my shirt Hey yeah I'm mommy yeah
why we're all black you're black
give me like two black ladies and
gentlemen oh yes shirts for everybody
you so I'm sure ya vitalyzdtv store calm
please guys we have a lot of girls
shirts you'll have to riot yeah make my
mom I'm busy she needs a way yes please
you guys you guys know how busy Brittany
is with the smile more store home
business but tally put his mom in charge
of his store so she needs work she needs
to keep busy oh those are cool the black
red and black do we trying to hood
Instagram butter
Oh Oh your chicken was a glide oh the
Bell has awesome you're the best mom not
better than my mom
thanks so much all right we're out of
here we got to go thanks for dinner oh
you better love you mama guys I'm back
at Batali's I got to give a special
shout out to my man Mike Jones this guy
actually made a lot of people asked
yesterday what was the what was the
music I used to fly into LA actually
think it was the day before and this guy
Mike Jones he makes all these badass
audio tracks songs and he's just good at
what he does and I got to give him a
shout-out because I didn't when I use
that track this is his page and he does
all these wicked tracks and I'll
actually put his link if you want that
song it looks like you can download on
his page I'm not sure if you I don't
know if it's free or what I don't know
but it looks like you can just download
it his link will be in my description of
this video so the vlogs are like tough
right now because we are literally in
meetings all day so it's hard to make a
fun plug for you guys because I'm
sitting in an office chair like
different chairs all day we're meeting
with people and and trying to figure out
all these plans and it's just like
things I can't vlog you know so it's
it's tough right now but I'm glad I'm
still doing I think wrong day oh excuse
me I think we're on day 9 this will be 9
so I'm really proud I'm really proud of
us you guys for watching me for making
them and I'm just excited to keep going
I'm actually got a lot of motivation
from you guys you're killing these vlogs
all right guys actually gonna cut this
vlog off now I got to get edited and
uploaded tonight so I can get up early
tomorrow morning I have time
at it until tomorrow you guys know what
to do I don't have to tell you whatever
you're doing right now whether you're on
your phone watching this whether you're
sitting at a computer a desk whether
you're pooping I know you guys watch
this while you poop I know you do
whatever you're doing just smile more
just smile right now to smile I promise
you you will feel better I love you guys
till tomorrow smile more guys here's the
deal I've come to you with a small
investment once you all take one pass
down Wow let me smile more sure sir
