what up guys good morning I know I sound
hyper I'm really not I feel great feels
so good today is just a good day I feel
good the kids are happy everyone's happy
so why not I'm actually headed over to
Gilroy's right now to get some to get
some products up on the store a lot of
requests for these and we're gonna get
them up today nothing big but uh have it
done much so I got to get on let's do it
let's get motivated guys let's do it
together
me and you Oh God
Oh God how can I do this to my body how
can I do this right now I'm so hungry
that I don't even care
ah you know what I'm gonna eat this and
I'm gonna be I'm gonna be happy with it
that's it
I said I think the first step is the
meeting you have a problem
I hate fast food but I fall for it just
like you probably do everybody falls for
it's in your face all the time driving
oh I'm hungry
McDonald's Wendy's taco oh my god I
think I just hit somebody
hopefully chase doesn't have no damn
booby traps set up like always
ah dang I was gonna scare you you were
trying to scare me weren't you weren't
ya sup get my camera fast enough
Oh cuz I didn't give you a warning I
said us coming over like an hour yup
it's so rough cuz I'm saved by the bill
alright let's do this picture time
this is where we do all the photography
for the smile more story all of it dude
swedish fish oh I found them dude you
can't hide them yeah hide them from me
case we're in a predicament right now do
we stack them like this for the website
mom clear out baby or should we stagger
on let's try the staggered look you
stagger them like I'm willing to guess
the staggered did I got Swedish
that's pervy its Hot Tamale right there
dude
you've probably never seen two people
mess with bracelets this much in life we
can't find a spot to put them there like
how do you mad at me yeah then we got
other colors come in so it's gonna be
another nightmare trying to figure that
out
mmm you think you like these yeah
they're cruel you'd wear one is blue
yellow red black piece I'd even pay him
to say that that was just as much
spokesman so I got you that she's worse
so I didn't feel guilty about eating
McDonald's myself see now that you ate
it
I'm not the only one I wasn't gonna why
I was like what's this trash on my table
oh that's not true guys whack arms
gimme peanut baby whack bottles huh oh
look who decided to show up yeah what do
you got look at my bracelets what colors
this whoa walk yellow what colors this
head Oh blue because this pink pink
say yellow again what colors the Sun
whoa yeah pretty good eye guys I had to
run home real quick and get some things
I'm going to Brittany's work out class
tonight she never goes to workout class
but she said if I go with her she'll go
and also if you follow me on Twitter
then you know what the deal was
so I'm going to do this with her and I
also talked chase Veronica and going so
cuz I'm gonna look like a complete idiot
I'm the most out of shape person on the
planet so let's do this let's go oh yeah
real quick I also wanted to point out a
lot of a lot of you hey Zeus in seize
these back there a lot of you have asked
why is there no sand and your fish tank
well the answer to that is that sick
although I love sand I used to have sand
in my reef tanks and I love the look of
it it's just a breeding ground for
bacteria when you get a really thick
reef there's no room for bacteria you
really have to have no bacteria in this
tank that's that's negative so this tank
has no sand in it just because of that
and it's not going to matter because in
a year from now the whole bottom of this
tank is gonna be corals and you won't
even be able see the bottom so this is
just the start of this tank guys I
promise it's gonna be beautiful and I'm
working on the livestream so you guys
can watch from the inside of my fish
tank 24 hours a day I'm really working
on that but uh it's coming along it's
beautiful I love it all right let's go I
gotta go I'm already late all right guys
so we're headed to uh destroy our bodies
tonight but what are we doing
it's called Body Pump it's a class body
hump I love body home body pumpkin balm
we even talked these guys yo yo I'm not
even going in I'm just attending I'm
ready to fall asleep and I'm one in here
to do this Oh like two cardio weights
and cardio well I'll wait while you guys
do cardio I can't decide if I want to
get a happy walk tech note an hour
fitness it's a lot of options all right
we're here we're here sorry I'm late
I'll be the instructor this evening
sorry I'm late guys
sorry I'm late just so everyone knows
I'll be filming you for my DVD that I'm
making I hope you're prepared and you've
signed the release forms up front
I'm the biggest pussy on earth worst
idea in my life don't ever make me do
that again
hey you guys feel I'm dead I'm awesome
ready to rock here to hopefully one it
feels good because you always exercise
us at least me I did just start
we just need stop seven just feel I can
barely hold this cam using both hands
I'm like quit complaining you guys are
like little pussy I can do that all day
and night right ha ha ha hey buddy did I
scare you yeah I missed you little buddy
you play with cars
yeah all right dude have fun see you
tomorrow you shut him he's coming he's
coming you better hide there hi better
than that ah who shot me down there he
believed it on me today we're back home
sounds really where we put your head in
here are you gonna edit we're all world
we're home
Kane aren't you supposed to be tired
yeah alright so they're finally up we
just we just launched all our colors and
there's more coming
I'm so sorry this is taking so long you
guys have requested colors forever we
got a good start though we got a blue
yellow red pink and black I think they
look awesome
they look great I love the yellow and
black actually always wear black but I'm
not to wear yellow and black so we're
growing we're growing and we finally are
getting our tank tops in we got tank
tops coming because you guys ordered our
nerd you I mean not you guys you guys
have requested tank tops for months so
they're on our way they're on the way
I'm like really speech and we try to get
more camel but they were out in any
largest receiving order
yeah so camos on hold but uh take cups
on the way and the wristbands are up
right now they're really nice I love
them and I wanna I want a second
reminder I'm doing I'm gonna do a big
contest giveaway for those of you with
smile more merch any merch it could be a
wristband via to anything that you
already have I know a lot of you already
have it so you don't you know you're
going to be
but anyway it's gonna be awesome and
it's gonna require you guys with I'm not
even say yeah I'm gonna wait I'll give
it a couple more weeks because we got a
lot of cool products coming in that you
guys are going to want to order and I
want you to be a part of it
these fish are wicked smart everybody
says fish don't have memories and how
come when I hold this up they go crazy
because they know it's their food look
at them and you want to feed them you
want feed the fish
no dad all right your collar one minute
okay here we go
look at them oh my gosh
it's one of them the other ones bigger
than that stupid cameras blurry there's
a crab I see my clam lay that big old
clam dad I know I've put this in the
vlog already but this is a view hole
from the big guest room and it's not
complete yet actually it's super rough
um but it's gonna have a sweet frame
around it and I don't know I love it
Kate are you gonna feed him yeah what
are you gonna feed him hey I did nothing
okay hold it like this got it don't
sound like enough hey ready what that's
gonna be tricky
get hold on tight hold on tight
can you get them in there good job man
there they go
all right guys once again we just all
woke up on the couch you just watched a
movie and fell asleep and that's all I
got for you today so thank you for all
your love all your likes all your
support especially on the smile more
story you guys have killed it for us and
we can't thank you enough for that nice
you see
more games are not what all right guys
that's my cue
I love you I'll see you tomorrow don't
forget smile more getting some big balls
but they don't even want any milk
get them last ten minutes okay let's see
it lets see it we're gonna find out how
long it boss
