and clearly not awake you wait okay
you're used to this take a note of
school right now we had such a good day
yesterday I think we're just hungover
with happiness that's so much fun
everybody you're the best
and you guys are in for a real treat
today because I'm not doing anything
that's right I this would be the first
day I'm home with no plans so uh real
exciting vlog for you today
let's go wake up daddy come on come on
i cain't at everybody alright so after I
took no to school I passed out I went to
sleep like two hours
so now let's let the day begin good
morning Zeus good what are you doing
awesome hi guys so as much as I didn't
want to do anything today and I even
told you I wouldn't in order to save
this vlog and save my dog he's not a dog
food and we just need things at the
house we can't get it along and you got
to keep moving and maybe we got time for
dinner now we have time
Vivint been to Outback for probably
three weeks we were sent some kind of
world record for us but honestly I don't
know if we have time my mom and dad are
gonna come over and watch a movie with
us tonight we didn't get to watch that
movie last night skate skate plan
oh I can't remember the name but they're
gonna come over and watch it with us I
love it what do you guys think of Asher
I like it it's fun I'm sorry guys I'm so
sorry you're all sick in this restaurant
I'm not I'm just gonna get small small
meal maybe just blue an onion oh we will
oh we will will we we get that door for
you
all right here it is Beauty and the
Beast I'm all ready for I don't even
already eat my steak I don't know what
is your guys's favorite place to eat
ever ever it could be a little
mom-and-pop shop it could be a franchise
clearly mine is Outback her it needs is
still probably smoky bones right yeah
it's it's between outback and smoky
bones for her
and my favorite like all-time favorite
place is Pizza cottage like pizza place
yeah you're right it's really my
favorite
elt pizza and a one she has to everyone
can imagine see to eat a steak without a
1-mile ferrell know what's your favorite
place tell me we cold well that was
delicious as usual we're walking down to
a this place called its once about and
trout it's like a we got like nicely
used kids toys and clothes yeah it's
like hammy downs it's like their it's
like a nice thrift shop for kids
basically they can destroy outside it's
like we're baby Macklemore shop baby
macklemore's pretty sweet transformers
bite yes the kids grow out of shorts
like they wear them once one year one
season these are like three bucks each
like grandpa shines at the lit roll well
these are nice is it all mine get these
fun levels these are nice and cool and
it Noah's age he just destroys them
immediately so you can't beat it two
dollars
all we be saving we be saving it so
eight pairs of shorts for for each kid
45 bucks total that's cheaper than our
dinner out back and now they have they
have summer shorts to just bash around
and getting the creeks falling a puddle
rip up the bat yeah perfect
I think Zeus I think this deserves a new
toy I don't know or to imagine if I got
him this rawhides are terrible for my
dog I remember giving him one he's puppy
just threw it up I guess they don't
digest very well wrong with my dog Zeus
is he destroys everything
they don't make toys for dogs like this
they don't like this gone instantly even
the tough rubber ones he just choose him
apart instantly I was explaining to
everybody that he destroys everything
everything he doesn't destroy these but
he doesn't play with them oh yeah yeah
yeah
tennis ball launcher yeah we need a gun
mo shoots it boom we should just get in
one of these for fun just to watch him
liver recipe diarrhea for a month get in
some big balls but they don't even wanna
get on okay let's see it let's see if
we're gonna find out how long it bought
us homework
Oh Zeus look what we got Brittany thinks
the ball will last more than 10 minutes
I say it won't well
go happy is oh he's being lazy alright
it's already destroyed i won it's
nothing like this MA he doesn't even
want it yeah we got a presume you know
what he's just so exhausted
alright my mommy and daddy are here hey
mama hey daddy we came to raid your
Easter basket
dude have at it everybody's gonna be
sick in this house from all that candy
that's what my kids always say to only
had two pieces and after rice krispie
treats and not a one right that's not
Easter food we just fed the fish this
stock like they're starving but they
follow me around whoa
all right Britney won the ball still
flying but in my defense ceases being
really lazy really lazy well that was a
good movie we just warped two hours into
the night my parents just left just like
it was good it was like classic Arnold
Stallone craziness tons of gunfire hey
you too young for that it's like the
classic commando movies terminators like
nobody can hit anybody with guns weeds
heart a baby mm-hmm
all right guys all right guys I knew
this vlog hasn't been that exciting but
just having an off day we'll keep it
keep it funky fresh tomorrow we'll have
fun I don't know what we're doing but
it's gonna be fun I just been lazy I've
been off but off today the jet lag
really hit me I fell asleep when I got
home
I've just been off oh well it's just one
day I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow smile more wins we have to use
the quad better floor it
