what's up guys headed to the writers
table again another eight nine ten hours
will be spent at a table I'm wait for
dinner so I never get him ah he's
playing Frogger across the street and we
are uh raw we're off to see the Wizard
pie over the world baby
real-life context was telling them
you're playing Frogger no F's we're
giving dude not for Subway yeah I'm
doing anything at least we have a place
we have this beautiful view all day
little Claudia it's not like la you went
to the gym the gym oh it's a new Batali
welcome to the new Batali it's gonna be
a good day I can already feel it it's
the talent I can feel it
today's meeting we're required to put
all our phones in the middle of the
table whoever touches their phone first
they shall all know who it'll be where
would you point me immediately I just I
just was vlogging you did it first
yesterday which was your first Rea but I
owned it it's Battalion season anyway
whoever picks up the front a spot like
Benihana many hanukkah lunch because of
any human that's what I have to I'm not
touching my phone tomorrow use the
office phone knows no he's a purpose I
have money to put money the better he is
a broker's I'll bet someone what about
laptops how about we stack them laptops
is right here right these fucking well
doesn't use a pen stepping out for some
food tree
this guy
this is how you travel in LA you call an
uber dude these things are the best no
water I'm good and then could I get
didn't drink your tea Russians what look
at your nose in this on me that shot was
wrong so seriously the history
he had a shield on gave you these sluts
you just gave me these I want you to
wear them you know what she's really
giving she taught me to tell you
something so I deserve these and this is
on camera I deserve these sluts and I'll
tell you why because I give the best
blow job on the pile in these turquoise
hot turquoise Oh anyway what's up bro
now listen how you doing I'm so sorry my
brother's just got here right yeah I've
been trying to fight you for so long by
me yeah what a hunt was it I said a new
Honda Civic that's the new Civic yeah I
would drool the whole time I was driving
that car oh really oh so that's that
that's all the meetings we have wrapped
up our day it's literally 6 o'clock p.m.
we
John headed back to Batali's now and I
don't know I want to make some like
Instagram videos or something some small
pranks or something I gotta get Batali
out makes fun stuff for you guys might
happen I don't
a whole restaurant whole a whole
restaurant celebration bro for what
that's your one pranksters three me
where's my I asked what I wanted didn't
even call back you I say you attached
you want wait sent me a text
yeah okay
making noise
