good morning guys
looks like Netflix has already taken
over our lives what are you watching
doggy movie what are you doing it's just
water
oh that little day I won't worry about
that little thing looks like the
Weathermen was a pretty accurate it's
only about four inches I'd say Zeus
already peed on the Piton porch you
happy about that huh there's so much ice
that Brittany can almost walk on the
yard without going into the snow
oh my god it's too honey
Joe I'm gonna go get Zeus a stick come
on this is so happy found a new stick oh
he's cold out there wow you're fun Zeus
you have fun huh staying here for a
little bit it's too cold maybe mommy
I'll make some hot chocolate I got um
thicker socks on today so Brittany won't
rip the toes off
what miss it oh you rip mine we went to
the post office right before we got into
the house and got some mail from you
guys so we're gonna open up some mail
that you guys sit and by the way I saw
actually a lot of comments that we moved
is the p.o box and places that you guys
send stuff gonna change no we still
actually have that p.o box and we'll
just have to go and pick them up
whenever we can
so the peel box is still the same and if
you want to know the peel box I'll just
put it in the description of this video
just an open box here Katie bishop Kenny
bishop sends us oh that's so cute
well came in fish oh damn it's awesome
smile more baby great one of our new um
our new batteries I want this one on my
desk Oh awesome
he's so going on my desk stingray I'm so
cool man yo kid thanks Joe one for each
other bro and you're the best player
I've ever seen awesome and I watch your
videos today I'd die and one more thing
I'm an Army soldier that's cool that's
awesome
well hand-drawing cool cool seventeen
years old and he has his own toy company
17 years old
yes he manufactures kodamas you guys
ever seen these these are so hard to do
you like to throw it up and try to I
suck at it I bet no would be give this
no would be good at this I love people
to start their own businesses I'm
self-employed and you can just you can
just take it to the sky that's amazing
Thank You Cole
oh that's cool lots of cools
what's that watercolors did you got my
my jellyfish right there
it was a frame but it had oh it's ones
from Hayden the Atwood family oh you
guys are so awesome that's that's me
spilled fingernail polish oh I wish you
want to seeing that cane hey you got
something the mail Hayden sent you a
tractor
oh do you like it that's from Hayden
oh and no a squirt gun camera so I know
I just started the mail stuff but I just
realize I have to go get Noah and I
gotta borrow my brother brought his
truck over so that I can get out of this
place
staying just looks fun like I just want
to tear through some yards with this my
brother would be alright I know I just
started doing the mail and I have tons
of tons of mail but I just I just
figured out I gotta go get Noah so I'm
like gonna rush there and get him real
quick and go back to leave these snow
piles dude driving into it you want to
race up it you'll see who can get up
there first I don't have gloves either
well just run come on it'll get all in
my shoes too ready
it's really tall come on don't be a baby
that was quick
all the way down my shoes yeah now all
he wants to do is play on it
now all he wants to do is play on come
on all right let's go let's do it
it's so terrible yeah do you like it I
love what is it
flappy bird wasn't everybody talking
about this flappy bird no it just grabs
my phone I downloaded it last night
because I've seen it everywhere I think
that's the whole marketing scheme let's
just get everybody talking about it but
I thought it was horrible I couldn't
even get past one or three times
that's one by one of my friends on the
bus got past 30 oh my gosh I couldn't
get past 30 with cheat codes so now that
I got Noah this kid Haiti City this do
Hayden Hayden Zetas I figured hey to me
this is him
he said Zusi dog treats
ah hey she's gonna get pizza looks like
it's just you and me haha they're out
there somewhere they went into the woods
they went into the woods this looks so
cute
do you see om no uh do you see them back
there they're in the woods somewhere so
it turns out we have woods and another
Creek in this house too because in our
last house that was one of the kids
favorite spots was the trees I want to
show you guys one of the coolest things
I think it's cool oh so the fireplace is
propane but it runs off of a wireless
system so hit that button and presto
yeah oh you turn it off he released it
let's leave it on it looks nice it feels
good
alright so Brittany just went to go get
pizza you know what no one just took off
Kane is wired so I don't know if I'm
gonna get this mailed on today I got
tons of mail from you guys maybe I'll do
it tonight I got to do it tonight so
something else I got that I'm so proud
of actually Dennis and I both received
this and I never showed you guys this I
haven't even hung it up or anything but
it's our it's our 1 million play button
and it's so cool because they put our
smile more logo on our flat and this is
the camera right here this is the actual
camera that got us a million subscribers
we filmed every prank up to a million
subscribers on this camera so it's still
perfect camera but I'm actually going to
put it in a glass case I'm not even
going to film with
anymore I'm going to glass case it and
put it underneath our plaque so I'll
show you that when I get it done I'm so
excited I got stuff just I don't know
what to do with all the stuff yet I
think I'm gonna make this room I like
YouTube room so I got all these awards
and articles and magazines that I want
post stuff and stuff so I don't know
what will should I do with all my stuff
you know the worst thing about this snow
is that it ruined all our plans were
supposed to film tomorrow with my good
friend Tom mabe my good friend Tom maim
hey Bert he's supposed to come here
today and spend the night hang on you
want to vlog okay you got a point at it
daddy
hold it here okay pointed at me my good
friend Tom may was supposed to come and
it's been the night here we're gonna
film tomorrow a new prank and uh Tom and
I have made some killer pranks the
Prison Break prank for the dog the
bounty hunter tackles me at the end and
look at Sue's film Zeus my brother and
his family just got here we're trying to
get this fan mail stuff done Burton II
can't even open a box
I'm cheese this knife yeah I don't know
no would have brought a hot cutter with
me I don't get more fishing here sure
about the chainsaw I did chainsaws in
the shop for repairs that carburetor
sticking again fans will start sending
boxes that are so impossible to open oh
sweet dude this is the guy that made the
big one that use a canvas painting Brett
that's cool dude thank you so much man
this is definitely going in my new my
new office
it's great Bobby sent me this really
cool cardboard wallet let me see it
looks pretty good let's fill si and then
he's sent me a stencil pot bootlegging
my clothes
hey thanks Bobby good Jim for
oh thank you so much he sent me a Tom
and Jerry t-shirt I've been looking for
one of these everywhere like everywhere
you can't find them even online Britney
tried to get me one for Christmas and
she failed how was it the gym can get me
a Tom and Jerry shirt Lee you can't not
that great well it's perfect dude thank
you so much man
the our McDonald's gift card Gabriel hey
I think you're trying to tell me I need
to gain some weight oh it's for the
whole family we got to go to McDonald's
now yes but I said only Brahman only I
can open the seal which probably means
there's anthrax in here want to make
sure they kill off the right person oh
the return addresses for us for our
store smile master oh that's awesome
all right guys it's actually impossible
to sit here and read all these letters
on camera so I'm just gonna show you
what I'm looking at here this is this is
everybody's stuff that they sent and the
video would be like two hours long if I
read all the mail all the letters I
cannot thank you guys enough this blows
my mind Brittany and I are just so
shocked that you guys sit this much mail
especially when I haven't said anything
about it
Wow oh yeah this is also sent by fans
right yeah you link them all together
yeah everybody that sent a gummy
bracelet what are these cold rubber band
bracelets no one linked them all
together and just made one super long
one do you gotta go potty Zeus huh you
want to open it yeah
buzzes he's like I don't want to go it's
cold you guys look good in your robes
raah
you like muscle man I guess he did good
job man they went upstairs they came
back like this I got him
I scared him so bad I killed him
push-ups push-ups
whoa game he's dying he's doing really
good actually
good job muscle man ten you can do more
than Britney yeah I remember when we
have had a contest you what I think is
you is it why I don't know about that I
I can only do about four or five hundred
we're really just hanging out tonight
not really doing anything the muffin man
you guys eat muffins yeah did you get
hot yeah take it up
Wow what are you looking at
some poor organization upstairs yeah you
guys seen upstairs it's already mm-hmm
see what's not easy there's the colored
ones or like the word with they're just
the white
I like the colored one come on she's
Veronica's funny like
not really I know yeah you like them all
over the floor they've got that same one
are you ready to fight are you ready to
fight whoa just I'm on a scam is so
hyper right now every time he comes in
from the snow he's like this no more
I'm just trying to wake ya dude I'm not
gonna lie this is one of the nicest TV
stands I've ever seen this will probably
eat it it's that time where we gotta
shut down that's cool it's cool deal
love you did see you tomorrow and turn
the light off okay wow you got a nice TV
stand like Noah
Lightbody I can't even see you yeah oh
yeah
night rush love you so it's pretty crazy
trying to get came to sleep in his own
room now and I get a shot look he's
getting out of his head yeah he's like
screw this cane Brittany talk to him
through the camera he's like he's like
screw this I sleeping in my own bed a
lot of people don't know this but before
before this new home I mean I never even
had an icemaker this is the first
icemaker I've ever had just crazy it's
crazy how many things that most people
have every day that I've never had like
Netflix all right guys we are done we're
calling it a night thank you for being
so excited to watch these videos I can't
believe the response we're getting from
the everyday vlogs and we done
addicted to the show yeah we're watching
tanked on Netflix by the way Netflix is
evil we should have never got it I'm a
huge actually we both are huge aquarium
fans and we definitely want a beautiful
aquarium in this house so we saw the
show and it's just like dying to get an
aquarium now so I gotta quit watching
this but I love you guys that's really
only got until I got free today and
thanks for being here I love you till
tomorrow smile more all right guys you
know what time it is it is time to
release everyday vlogs we're gonna cap
it Kane's always so unhappy
