you know Korra welcome guys welcome to
our home Korra is almost three months
old little girl how long she got six
days it is the 10th six days six days
dude speaking of getting older you are
only what it's the tents you've got how
many days to your birthday how many
thirteen days to your birthday thirteen
you're gonna be six little Brit what's
up it's been a while it's been a while
we got catch up we got a lot to talk
about but first did you see country did
you see him outside he's here did you
see what he's doing
no come on real quick Cora you can join
us if you can crawl over here come here
check this out look out at the pond look
out see what he's doing there is no fish
in the pond he's so excited he's so
excited because he thinks there's fish
in the pond over the last couple days I
told him the pond has been stocked with
fish so that me and the kids can go
fishing he is determined to catch the
very first fish what he doesn't know is
there is no fish should we tell him
there's no fish in the pond no just keep
it a secret
just us in the viewers there the
elements it now
should we tell country should we took
what if we caught something oh my god I
gotta go talk to him I gotta go talk to
him I'll be right know she's rocking it
yeah it's not live and here's the story
let me give you the story real fast
so a couple days ago we're driving in
the car and I'm filming him I'm telling
him that the pond stocked while we've
been gone they stock the pond it's
loaded with fish
now his only goal is to catch the first
fish that's all he wants right now man
or fish I I feel like I'm getting bites
huh
and I'm like violent but nothing's
happening but I'm not like a fisherman
like that play if you got the wrong bait
it's all about the bait
eh I can't wait to catch something
you're gonna get it listen I got a big
surprise today that I'm working on
Brittany nice gonna go get it uh-huh
so get that fish I'm gonna get the
surprise and meet you back here go do
what you got to do we got this first
fish I'm rooting for you I appreciate
you man it's gotta be like this smartest
fish in this pond ain't nothing Brittany
and I got this big surprise for country
I gotta go pick it up we've been looking
for it and we finally found the perfect
one we're gonna go get this thing I go
find Brian real quick because he's part
of the surprise
you are so muddy Empire have you seen
have you seen Brian where's Brian tell
me nothing no you don't know yo Brian I
need your help dude I need something
built big huge how big like ten foot I
need a cliff like ten foot nah not a lip
but like a solid exit ramp like a
highway exit ramp going into the pond
yeah like the runway build a runway rent
all right we're ready to go you ready
all right am I am I ready okay what are
you doing I'm ready let's go oh my gosh
just getting ready no way I need shoes
them definitely
Brittany and I are out of that you ready
to go get this thing or what
Mikey do you think he's gonna be like
excited right I don't even know what
we're getting you know what it is the BI
ke
we are we're going to get this bike
which I'm so excited it's like the up
it's like the country upgrade we had the
little red bike that he fell in love
with then we had the little bit bigger
little red bike that he fell in love
with and destroyed and then we fixed and
now the bigger hope he's ready man oh
look at this
what's up man what's going on this is it
oh my gosh he's gonna flip this is a
serious major upgrade it runs
everything's good but you want take it
first Finn no test it out I can't read
dirt bike
as a country since you guys
all right so Scott's working on getting
this bike running it's close I think the
battery's dead maybe some bad oh my gosh
look at all this this is like fun zone
right here your finger look at these
what is this thing what grasshopper
little grasshopper he's hiding yeah yeah
we need this what is that
Oh dune buggy well San hopper you know
it's a project you know it's project for
me that kind of looks like our house in
another couple years Toys Toys Toys at
one point in time this was brand-new on
the last somebody's brand new toy and
now junk
my country already drove
and we're getting back home there is
absolutely no way he's still back here
there's just no can you see him yeah he
sure is he actually fishing he just
standing out there oh yes fishing yes
fish if he actually stays back here long
enough I got a plan I'm gonna switch
this bike out
I must switch it out like we did last
time we got him a bike like made it yeah
but like I can take this bike off the
trailer put it different bike his little
bite on the trailer and then when he
takes the tarp off the season be excited
it's his little bike so you another ya
gonna get this guy turned around have
some fun ha ha I want to uh I want to
take this off all right take it off pull
up and if he comes up here and ruins it
whatever but I want to pull this off put
something in replacement with his red
bike cover it up and then take it out
and give it to him all right if he has
no idea we're even here so switcheroo
switcheroo yeah oh this whole day for
him is a whole just a bad prank oh yeah
here's the crazy part dude what's the
odds if the bike is red like it's red
red bike all three bikes now are red
what is even the odds of guy my Scott
Scott my buddy was like dude I got this
red bike it's a little gnarly like no
mirrors at all it's all scratched and
beat-up
all right let's shut this now so even if
he comes up we're not ruining just like
I cannot there's no way he's leaving
this yeah spin his whole day fishing in
a pond with no fish
maybe builder supplies we need to make
it look like a roughly like a but
doesn't even need to look like it could
look like anything he doesn't know
there's a should be a black gun with it
we put four of these up maybe whatnot
crate like a box hmm he doesn't know
what's supposed to be under here right
how we gonna get a little red to sit
back here dude like he needs to be right
here I will kill us
dude it could be a box it could be uh
you really don't know what it is
okay looks like a drone that could carry
a human under there maybe be my inspire
maybe the big inspire maybe just showed
up Momo in the house of the new fancy
hair 360 whoa mama
whoa alright guys let's go get mr.
Fisher man mr. mr. Fisher man himself so
I've been out here practical most eleven
o'clock in the morning time is pretty
much going on five o'clock that's what I
caught
come on show me a picture I know you got
something you got something for me you
want to see let us see I know you you
want to see what I caught right here so
I know over a month time we have been
working our way up to this moment
country the world has been waiting for
this moment right here be your big
surprise it's your big day you didn't
catch a fish but you're gonna get
something Oh what you got up your sleeve
what is that come over here come over I
know how much we've been I know how much
you've been wanting this right here all
right this is what the big boys play
with
all right there's ain't no little thing
ain't no little you ready let's
open it up let's open it up howdy wait
you just stand back country ready you
guys get me all excited for nothing
how's your day with no fishing is what
it is man you know this I didn't catch
no fish I feel like it's a big red bike
it's a big red bike don't look too close
don't look too close it's a it's a bit a
bit of a fixer-upper
all right guys start somewhere right
this is my red bike goodbye this is
really familiar it's for you dog thank
you amazing man let's hear that see that
new car smell D let's start it out this
is really for me know a sharp laga
upgraded look at this upgrade
all right I got probably the most stupid
bad dad idea I've ever come up with on
this property country the worst idea
Brian's been helping me all day behind
the scenes probably what you noticed all
that loud noise all that stuff going on
that was him
building reason why I'm catching a fish
because you're scaring the fish man I'm
just doing what he asks me exit ramp
that's what I'm doing
exit strategy more of a plan I got the
dumbest idea ever
the worst idea ever possibly maybe you
agree maybe you'll disagree
I need that bike I need you to come with
me
yo have you ever driven a street bike no
I just want to get right to it this
could be one of the dumbest stunts ever
done at my house country you think you
would be up for a challenge of this sort
this is this is this is X Games airtime
street bike country right here anybody
knows how to destroy a bike in the pond
is me you love ramp bikes is upon I'm
definitely gain I mean the only thing
that I'm questioning it's like what
exactly the besides I'm like what do I
get at it is you want something what
about it what about the most epic photo
don't photo don't photon fire guarantee
you got a great photo out of this deal
yeah and I fixed the other one I can fix
this oh we'll fix the bike don't worry
about the bike that we can fix
waterlogged bikes that's what we do now
it's kind of our thing yeah you do do
fix there the bikes I'm gonna do it like
what you know what I mean support on you
like what did the fans so like I'm with
the fans to support me okay so can I say
this can I say this great Brian so if if
I do this jump huh can I just get rid of
the beer flip it like I keep my beard I
love that idea if you guys don't know a
country made a bet with my brother that
if he didn't land a backflip into the
pond he had to shave his beard but if he
does the ramp he gets to keep his I'm
okay with that
dude that's a pretty epic that's I'm
okay if you street bike country that
into the pond I'm okay with you keeping
your beard I'm doing it then if I could
that's it do you have to get permission
from Dale like like right now in the
comments is this the dumbest start at my
house could it be the dumbest stunt yeah
so where are we at where we at this
isn't happening right now
it can't I mean it just can't smaii the
ramps still needs packed a little bit
you wouldn't even make it to the ramp
Lord slip and slide yeah be just we
could put what about a dirt bike tire on
the back of that bike can I happen can
it
maybe we just do that no matter what
whether it's dry or not we should have a
dirt bike tire yeah that's that way you
could get a little bit more speed that
would be I think safer all together and
it's definitely hit that like eighty
then if you want to keep the beard man
you gotta hit it at least over 65 um I'm
gonna hit it if I get to keep the beard
you know yo maybe we get the local
sheriff to come clock you check your
speed you're getting a save into beard
you're gonna save the beer I'm making
this jump and I need support on this I
mean I want the viewers I want the
viewers to know whether I should jump
this at night maybe I like that and um I
think I want the viewers to know if I do
ramp this bike you know putting you on
the spot Roman you always put me on the
spot with the camera all right what do I
get
what do you get if you round the bike
yeah Oh what is country yet if he does
this other than keeping his beard and
we'll fix the bike I won't worry about
the bike
all right bike will run again I got just
water like people ramp by selling water
let's not let's let's take the bike out
of the out of the equation you'll gain a
bike you'll keep your beard and you want
me to get you something one pound Jolly
Rancher bag guys he wants to hear what
you guys think I should get something
nice right something big maybe something
small I don't know you tell me we could
just take a walk with me I don't think
no-one understands how high I just want
to let you know Nate it's bigger than it
looks but it's safe
can I for Delta Airlines and get some
frequent file is my yeah see ya wouldn't
wanna be just wear a life jacket
doing it I'm doing it that's I mean I
need to support let's do it let's do it
okay so we're not gonna totally okay so
you want to jump it right now right now
we're going least try it out we're gonna
make sure the launch is good so that way
he's safe okay we're going you built the
ramp a little soft but we're good to go
I just saved that bike and now you want
to put it back in
who said that buddy Brian wants to hit
it he's got a little dirt bike with a
little mud tire he might be able to come
around get some speed and hit this thing
I don't know ladies - look at these two
on top what's the idea here Gil Gil this
is my new patented bike retrieval system
okay how's that gonna work we have a
floating object it's gonna sit on the
back of the bike right and then I'm just
gonna literally coil up the rope okay
what if the rope doesn't uncoil the way
you want a tone coil it's gonna it's
gonna uncoil so the process is a bike
hits the water and then the rope and the
buoy comes up so you know where the bike
is a simple it should no I think this
should do it if it doesn't we'll just
watch the baby and we'll have you go
down swim down there Scuba Steve you
think this is even a good idea I mean
just with fish inside the pond like this
is my you know baby you caught them all
in you suck on a bobcat you don't think
all the bumps are gonna knock that out
of place
huh yeah you could just drag it behind
you that's a great idea
chase your idea sucks that's why Brits
out here she just comes up with the
ideas why don't you just drag it Cora
something had to go on the pond today I
guess it's gonna be this guy right here
it's too muddy
your floaties still on the ramp it's
closed it's closed he wants to go again
he wants to do it again would you do it
really are you serious I think you guys
say that
so I hope you guys are enjoying today's
uh vlog I don't know what to call it I
have so many names that I like the color
but I just don't know yet I hope you're
enjoying its a mix between just just
entertainment and vlogs I'm trying to do
exactly both thanks so much for being
here and you know just be honest tell me
what you think of this style it's fun
mixing up having fun with the shots
making it more sketchy rather than just
vlogging I don't know it's something I'm
excited to try I hope you'll join me
with it and you know just tell me how
you feel I'm always here to listen good
or bad I love you guys so thanks for
being here
donkey always looks at us as if we're
the weird ones yeah I know bud we are
should we tell him flash that should we
while we've been gone from YouTube over
the last week I I got red the GTR it is
no longer here and totally can I get a
detail check it out you could eat off
that thing right now what you doing
little girl hey oh you got the hiccups I
hate the hiccups okay so we are back
inside we got everything clean well
it'll never be actually cleaned up
outside but we got everything put away
and we've been trying to britain wants
to do some face paint on me but every
time we begin to start the process Cora
needs us so we may not get to that do
you want to do that I just don't have
the time like I don't want to just do
something quick I know it's a big thing
it's like a big thing she wants to she's
been practicing and she wants to
practice on me and she's got all these
crazy new things so it would be cool so
I think we're gonna end it right there I
wanted to include an entire face makeup
and I was gonna use that time to also
just talk to you guys about our plans
with everything but as of now this is
just we're coming back we're back as of
now and we're just gonna take it one day
at a time I hope that you guys find it
in your hearts give this video some love
hit that like button for me this is just
us coming
back to YouTube and hopefully just
starting something fresh didn't change
it up that much I'd say overall today's
like a vlog with a mix of likes and new
camera angles just a fun way to film
things so I hope you enjoyed it I had a
blast making it for you and I don't know
still feels super vlog II to me feels
like a vlog shot better right now I'm
vlogging right now it's like just a shot
better vlog so I hope to be cranking
these out for you guys and also just
build a more storyline to it and not
just you know like I I can honestly
create a story and make a vlog more fun
with a storyline rather than having
nothing on certain day like some days
we're just so swamped with our life like
life itself so I seen more hate than
I've ever seen in my life over the last
week but the way I see it is if you're
mad at me for not uploading then that's
a good thing that's like like if nobody
cared I would feel worse like if I just
left and nobody cared wouldn't like that
I'll feel worse so that he actually
inspired me is like they miss me we love
you guys so much thanks for sticking
around I guess that's what I'm saying
more Takami we love you we will see ya
is it gonna be tomorrow
we don't know might just might just call
it quits now so we get a bunch of hate
for the rest of you it'd be good I love
you guys we'll see you soon
beautiful one of a kind smile more
you
