it's our last full day in Finland we're
gonna make it count for what we got we
got one more great prank to film one
more thing yeah one more very edgy
out-of-control prank
here we go lady this is our mannequin
the holy ghost
I thought mannequins gonna move good
again I'm Jaime I actually looks just
like her yeah
have you guys ever want to know how to
stay warm in Finland this is the this is
stay warm ready well yeah she looks just
like our doll so who's ready for some
more crazy pranks today two of us will
be kidnapping a woman on the streets
this is nuts
so a girl will be on the street and
she's our she's uh she's in on the prank
with us so she goes up to a guy and says
hey I think I I think somebody's
following me at that point myself and
maybe Dennis will come up and grab the
girl put her in the trunk of this car
they're gonna get pissed they're gonna
storm over by the time they get to the
trunk
she will swap to the front seat
and we'll have a fake girl on the back
of the trunk I'll be like what tough
pranks going great scaring people to
death you're doing fantastic Annie holy
shit man
y'all know when Jarno and I grabbed her
she just starts screaming the middle of
a busy sidewalk and we are just not
planning where our next location is I
think we're going to go back to the
University where we film the tongue
crank so it's gonna be good
full-out brawl right there fight okay
why am I always the one that gets beat
up because you're a big scary video well
dude it's official your nose is never
going to heal I never know different
Frank we do Dennis gets his nose smash
that hey that's what you get when you
film with the Dudesons you gotta have a
little blood or broken eight TVs
something's got a brake or bleed or a
car rolled a car roll so we're just
shooting our kidnapping prank and I mean
we got the reaction we that should
happen these guys just came in and
started brawling Dennis and Yuka it's
funny cuz I've been I've been filming it
all day
Davison you could do it once and these
guys just come in and start beating them
he's beautiful the guy was so upset
alright so what just happened the
biggest website web portal in Finland
has wrote about that the pranking world
star owned etwood came to Finland due to
strike immediately and you roll us in
your car dude yeah yeah I've never been
in a car roll so it was a that's a good
way to start a vacation yeah Knudsen
striking me WTF is shit
wTF is uh welcome to Finland yeah that's
true
that's what somebody posted all that
yeah welcome to fill it it was just
broke a little bit guys we had a real
like a scare here didn't we I really
felt bad he said he couldn't breathe his
heart was hurt he's holding his chest
there like it what sucks about being a
pranksters like is wearing a Barbie
bandaid on your face everybody thinks
you're joking it's like the boy they
cried wolf
I could literally do have a
non-addictive yeah ah very funny dance
we'll see in the morning here you know
we'll help he farted yes all nasty it's
only to fart
so I farted go away oh we're glad you're
all right man
hearts backing rhythm are outside the
police this is where they drive everyone
into the jail and we're gonna kidnap a
woman who found the police yeah good
luck danny's and Roman this is like the
UH this is you guys always wondering are
no you guys always ask why we have
police in our videos this may be why
because we can't resist going to the
nest and shaking the hive which is why
I'm gonna be happy to film you thumb
yarn from here will tell him what to do
this is the first time ice came all the
way this is the first time I've ever
heard Dennis not want to do it yeah and
i'm i literally freaked out on just a
normal part of it not even normal just
think that part yeah they're on a girl
on the trunks never been easy for me
either
yeah for me it's like walk in the park
ha ha
I'm not okay or you could can't fit
another woman in his trunk
that's remarks that supposed to work
take it yeah yeah so you can I have
agreed to go kidnap ah this little one
in front of the finished police station
which calls for truffle my only hope is
that the Dudesons name gets us out of
trouble
it don't mean me to I have I have to fly
home tomorrow
oh yeah me in jail oh man
we'll see let's go we just killed it
guys we killed it we kill it
oh we're done that's a wrap on today
I've never had a penis paulius with the
hand under fault holster close up on it
I know never discuss riders race he was
in my face what are you doing
crazy awesome crazy awesome day of
filming now we are headed to get some
food and celebrate victory on the way to
get some Italian dinner we're starving I
think I had bread today that's all right
how about some get up was I find it
really hard where I'm Italian restaurant
they have a hillbilly burger I thought
with that you got you know it Samaritan
speak the most American one they're
gonna go for it
awesome man yeah thanks so good thank
you nice great wig love it
boom boom baby five videos five videos
in five days that could be a new record
how do you do lot 5 & 5
alright guys calling it a night was a
beautiful day beautiful in this trip 5
videos filmed and lined up Dennis's
noses all jacked up and we are of course
he's on his farm yeah you know do my
thing just just doing this thing I'm uh
I'm calling night hey I got a great
video if you didn't see
it please go check out the jus the
Dudesons youtube channel and watch the
the car roll video I think I think it
came out great and when they actually
roll us in the car just focus on
Dennis's voice oh that was awesome he
just yell he's so excited I don't know
what happened but the audio please
somebody take the audio out and make a
loop of that yeah so I need all the
soldiers to go show some love on that
video I think it's a very fun video and
we honest-to-god had no idea that the
role was coming we really did we knew
that GoPros were in the car we knew
something's gonna happen we had no clue
he was gonna roll us that's not even a
thought in my mind that we'd roll a car
so I love you guys go smash it with the
Roman soldier power leave them comments
so alright love you guys till tomorrow
so last night Finland tomorrow's vlog
will be traveling home least you guys
will get to see the kids Britt little
Kanner's smiling and not crying this
time alright guys well I hope you
enjoyed Finland we'll see you back in
Ohio tomorrow smile more hello now the
feeling's Dudesons are up to some of
them are you buckled obby
haha
