it's a beautiful morning to pull some
pranks guys so today we are doing the
classic well I've never seen it done
actually we have a realistic tongue it
goes in your mouth and you can stick it
to a pole and it sticks so we're gonna
see how people react when they walk by
and our tongue is stuck to a pole what
do you mean it is real it is real tongue
is that way what's up dude yeah it's
elastic what are you doing here
there are multiple things one will be
the tongue on the pole which looks
pretty damn real and then we have a more
upgraded level print where we have our
mouth full of blood and the tongue
actually rips out of our mouth so we'll
see how the finished people react
compared to the US we made what is this
a magazine you know yeah there's the
finished tabloid magazine and it says
that the YouTube sensation visiting
Finland funny videos with the Dudesons
oh yeah and then it said that the
American YouTube celebrity Roman advert
is visiting Finland right now and
basically said that Roman is filming
with the dudes the whole week
so like now there's many people knowing
that we're something now it's even
harder to do pranks and they've been
checking your video already yeah yeah
Rollo's that was a Roman soldier yeah
yeah baby we found on a real soldier
right here man
do your superfan all right here you know
my small more hat yeah do you like it
each list yeah why you fared I don't did
scare them right now I saw it was great
what's up here how you doing yeah of
course
so we're moving locations because
obvious what is this what's this area
called
oh this is what that was discreet well
there's just a little housing rental
station
well it's just not working nobody's
really reacting to the tongue I think
everybody's like well you're the idiot
for put your tongue on a pole so you
deal with it figure it out this guy is
so upset behind me right here in the
blue he's so upset
first try police show up it's a good
party so far that's it where we at
poor Tanya Tanya they say University of
Helsinki or ma University of Helsinki
one of them popular one and now we're
getting beautiful reaction that is the
one where all the blunt people Dodger
yeah they have a separate one for blonde
people with blue eyes this where you
went I didn't never graduate it good for
you man so we get great reactions here
actually we're being run out cops came
already which always means it's a good
video
so we're sitting here trying to figure
out who will stick there a real tongue
on a pole okay I found it my gosh good
number
yeah cuz you just took all your DUIs on
your buds off there's there's there's
Dukas you could just hit it come on Luca
Denis Ruhlman get in there come on yaar
james is walking away just the tip chun
oh my god some pink in there
see that mean you can see the pink you
can see a skin on earth Yuka so uh we're
kind of taking a quick break but the
shoot still goes on Yuka is out there
right now and we all wait him here
here's Yuka right there he just got the
greatest reaction
and all he does is he films our
reactions so he's filming us watching
him he filming conditions in Finland are
unbelievable man
it's always ice cold beautiful snow lots
of people so it looks like we've been
ratted out yeah so the tongue doesn't
work that well the local radio station
here just broadcasted that we're filming
this prank out here so it multiple
people walk bar and go I heard that on
the radio so that nobody's falling for
it so we've been on the radio today in
the tabloids the newspaper and we have
the chance of getting recognized by each
person that walks by it's extremely
difficult to make this video happen but
it's a great video you guys are gonna
love this one we have so many videos
that you guys we're gonna be so behind
by the time you see these vlogs you're
gonna have to wait week week and a half
two weeks before all their videos come
out
so editing time alright
the evening is upon us we finished a
great great prank today I guess we got
to get a couple more shots with you
maybe tomorrow maybe tomorrow yeah so
I'm not quite finished but good enough
close enough and going to a nice steak
house right now because we need steak
steak fuels the fire baby it's like
throwing a log go give them any promises
not yet we haven't seen the place yeah
might be half lamb half dog half well
that's the only to have everything in
Finland is based around fish the ocean
water lakes and I hate seafood which
really sucks
I want to eat it emo but I don't want to
cut my wrist though how are you well
they've got reindeer here that's
interesting
super good I like it a lot I've had it
several times you guys have reindeer I
ever brought this I'm gonna have it
today you're gonna try it nice
I got a all right what was it coming I
mean with the gaga meant the Kaka it's
mint and hot chocolate mint liqueur
yeah with hot chocolate on believable
absolutely fantastic Wow
the difference between America and
Finland is that your bowl comes exactly
like that and is so good that your soup
that's a reasonable size suit yeah I
think the bowl was made in America must
have arrived
I got barbecue pork big old cheeseburger
Dennis got reindeer James got reindeer
and Dennis was nice enough to cut me off
a chunk of reindeer so I want to try to
we're all very impressed with the
reindeer it's good it's like steak but
just got its own little tiny flavor good
very good huh welcome Mary if we ran my
mouth
the games won't shut up alright guys
back into the hotel you know what that
means that means this vlog is just about
over good news the bear print goes up
tomorrow and as you're watching this
it's my current day all the Finland
vlogs are the same day ok so the bear
prank will go up 9 a.m. Eastern Time 9
to 10 a.m. Eastern Time which will be 4
or 5 p.m. Finland time so that's it bear
prank it's great can't wait to see it
huge ending best ending we probably ever
had in a video believe it or not and
that's it I'm just gonna lay down and
cry because I haven't seen my kids I'm
not gonna mess today's vlog up so I'm
just gonna say it now I'm just kidding
you know I love you guys until tomorrow
you know what to do smile
