hey guys what's up
I know you've been wondering why we've
been in LA so much and why we've been
sitting in meetings every day do you
want to tell them we're killing it do
you want to review it we're on top of
Hollywood right now I guess you could
tell by the title of this I guess you
can tell by the title of this video that
we are officially announcing our
full-length the a-train prank we a
trickle move we sold our movie ladies
and gentlemen you guys are gonna be so
happy to watch us on the big screen like
that you've been wondering why did prank
slow down because we're working hard for
the movie an hour and a half full of the
mind-blowing amazingness Hollywood it's
not it's time to step up the bar guys
pranks are becoming an everyday thing on
YouTube so okay we'll take it to the big
screen God do the stuff again soon not
only that the big story it doesn't fit
on the you two you're gonna leave these
you're gonna leave the movie theater and
you're gonna say what did I just exactly
alright guys so get ready we promise you
we're gonna work our asses off for the
next no couple month thank you
we've already been where I guess why
it's because of you two yeah thank you
because we're only standing up here
right now because of you guys this is
for you so I love you guys it's not
awesome
we're all together does it let's do this
so let's do it yeah you guys are with us
mmm-hmm
we're just kissing cuz of you guys thank
you so much everything for all the
support we love you we appreciate you we
just love you get ready for the most
badass movie you've ever seen
oh hey guys if you want to follow the
entire making of this movie be sure to
subscribe to this channel then I missed
out if you don't please do it
