good morning guys it's blistering cold
what's up air transportation early
Saturday morning
dude these are nice I heard there's
bears running around in the woods
scissor yeah so there's a bear attack
last week actually in Finland almost ate
a guy right
it almost died but they had to get in
the police to shoot the bear and today
we're dressing up as a bear perfect and
today we're gonna be a giant brown bear
we're gonna try to get basically people
walking around in the woods you ready to
scare some people
oh yeah ah who's this cat I just wanna
put on the bear suit and eat somebody
all day I'm like who's that cute blonde
chick hello I came here and you weren't
disappointed you little James you came
out of my face bro get out of my face
James is running behind the scenes today
looks good dude yeah gonna get some good
stuff nah unsteady nice and steady baby
yeah
he's jealous of this in ready man yes of
course rock and roll roll
look how professionally his likes that
tingle the microphone so that again is I
do over and over I didn't see it it's
yeah but all this which he came in
dragging with his little thingy and he
had to with mother
cuz I will look what I got some boy
Somaly can you Somaly yeah Somaly your
sound guy
no yeah today today I'm the sound guy is
the sound guy do you whatever
Elmo miked up you know sit you the hope
and then we're gonna run it back up yeah
that's the backup well looks like we got
everything we need all we need to bear
is very realistic good certain angles
and any distance the bear looks
completely real like when he's walking
not so much but
oh when he's twerking walk away get hugs
oh man
any woman so I've been training them for
a wild Stan give me Paul
high-five speak what the fuck we were
just about to start shooting I had a pop
and I can't even drink it fast enough
because it's frozen look at all the
popper on the room when you bring a
bottle of water out here you got a drink
fast it's already created I'll be then
and that's holding it in your warm hands
yeah yeah you cold as ice can I get a
little roar you're wrong you have set up
this giant speaker back here
I love the camouflage it's so awesome
this is how you hide cameras in the
woods from any distance you can never
see it so I'm gonna attempt I'm gonna
attempt to get people to hold my camera
while I pose beside this bear I'm going
to leave it recording so you guys get to
see it I'm just recording so I'm just
going to do something laughing okay so
way I might taking a picture with this
already recorded record it takes like
okay like so so should I push anything
just after all all right all right okay
I'm holy
it yeah see if we get closer right here
I'm not if yes the baby see my mom is
gonna love this get your heart pumping
your heart gone I can't pull pranks here
because everyone knows he's taking the
picture
it's a wintry Wonderland you this place
it's like a super coolest like ski spot
I don't know what it's called just a
bunch of weird letters put together
catering catering just showed up by mule
pulled this is how you stay warm in
Finland during filming
you just pack into a van and you eat you
eat potato chip everything's in English
move it how come everything's in English
I don't know they changed it doing with
my mouth
which is gas here I don't know what that
means
one litre costs the same ICR gallon a
leader yeah so there's how many liters
is in a gallon three point six right
Oh browse through Finland's finest this
is just the normals I'm look through
food for your baby yeah that's the best
baby food actually right there
yeah is that what you did to your baby
yeah Kane loves this one right here the
oh yeah the ocean sensations yeah it's
kind of like chips for the babies yeah I
mean hey hey come on daddy's got it
daddy's gotta survive and I just got a
cookie for you and her little we don't
choke on them sorry I can see that's
good appropriate for today is powered by
their beer fair actually here's a drink
that you know that a drink that we don't
have is the cool grape long drink
actually all this brand must be tough to
have your own vehicles
you know pranks with it yeah that's how
you hide right there you put your name
wonder how they knew that we're around
with a bear friend life end leader this
guys just blew my mind I don't think you
understand that in America McDonald's
menu is crazy all right
the menu the Mik feast so we're now
filming uh we're now filming at night
because we couldn't get the video done
what's going on guys I thought I was
with the Dudesons yeah
I thought you guys you're through here
yeah we thought we would rock this video
out so fast you got a big grizzly bear
brown bear and the woods who's not gonna
scream apparently a lot of people all
right I put my gloves on my fingers are
popsicles boop
ah and my camera came on my battery was
dead it just came on for that had to
come back and get another battery uh it
doesn't even matter
Dennis got Dennis got plowed in the bear
suit I can't wait to you guys see this
it's absolutely unbelievable I'm so
excited but for now I got to go get off
for mold up and dressed up for an awards
and a words party
so let's go how do we look love this the
glasses bro ChIP chip chip chip gonna
get a check on that they're gonna
they're gonna flip we're showing up at a
formal dinner this is a little wear I
love it yeah what up boys
welcome to the Crowne Plaza 300 grand
plaza your uh movie house is it growing
back oh no not yet but I tried my best
let's see we show the end of the night
we should have two times we cut it off
in the thumb break guys remember the
film right and it hasn't grown back No
I don't know what's wrong with it the
doctor said that it should be fine in
three months you know what just put some
water
oh that whatever you got a water every
day if you want to go god damn and I
forgot I feel I dressed appropriate for
the occasion
table number nine so this is like the
Emmys of Finland this is equivalent to
our Emmys in the United States this is
like their Emmys and Finland a super big
deal here very elaborate
so this is the desert huh yeah jello
shots
cha-cha cha-cha-cha cha-cha-cha
all right I'm coming up so she said
anybody who's anybody in the film TV
industry is here tonight right here in
this room and Finland this year this is
like their grandma's anybody used
anybody's right here in this room
wearing probably a blue undershirt a
black or maybe possibly like a cat or
tiger head on her shirt all like I hate
white teeth the glasses light up this is
one of the rewards are one tonight
things are heavy like heavy heavy
I see Tirana
see in the morning yes sir blow out that
late night sale oh all right rock to
roll enjoy see you tomorrow morning I'll
pick you guys up
Thanks it is very very late absolutely
nobody out the snow is falling like
beautiful white crystals in the sky they
were the only ones out freeze it up
alright guys that is uh that's that's
that's a wrap my god that's a big day
I'm absolutely exhausted it is um here
in Finland I'm uploading my current day
so as you see this it's today because
the times the time change is so
different that I would have to miss a
day to get on track with everybody so um
as you watch this vlog today it is today
it was my day today usually there's a
day black anyway I love you guys so much
yes new prank bear prank it's it's just
a public prank nothing crazy
that's coming we got the most crazy
prank coming this week and I can't wait
to put it up but for now we gotta just a
fun bear prank hold you guys over for
another few days so I love you that's
really it that's all I got for you today
I hope you enjoyed it it's been such an
adventure I'm so glad you guys are
coming along with me um let me hit me up
in the comments maybe tell me something
you'd like to see me to do in Finland um
there's some super surprises that I'm
doing I can't wait to do it all or
whatever I'm ending this I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow and smile more you
know that's all you gotta do just do it
hello I'm afeeling Dudesons are up to
some of them are you buckle Dobby
