little boy yeah oh yeah good job buddy
you are rock star oh my car hasn't been
started for like over a week all right
let's go let's just let's see what's on
the radio
I am actually going to save Gilroy today
he had new tires on his Jeep and he's
stuck at the Auto Body place so I'm
gonna go pick him up and save him this
time he's usually he's saving my ass
today I'm gonna save his got Gilroy back
to his house
hey girl what's up dude hey big boy so
call him
yeah yeah yeah what's up Carson yeah oh
you got the paint control you're so cute
all right guys when you're really bored
you can call in sick to places you don't
work at let's do it
this bit works good because I always
sound sick so I can actually call out
hey man what's the manager's name over
there yeah Karl all right I must have
the wrong Wendy's okay so now that I got
Carl's name I'm gonna wait like 20
minutes and call Carl and pretend that
I'm sick he's gonna have a heyday just
start lining names up you know hey Mike
this is uh this is Roman I'm not gonna
make it in tonight man I'm super sorry
Roman no problem I was just talking to
Mike about calling off work tonight
Roman yeah you're off uh right off 79
right by Hayley yeah no I've been
driving for three weeks
yep I mean Mike's who I usually call
like that's who I usually call
but I haven't really had I got to get
off here but I'll be a regular time
tomorrow we're so confused right now
dude
she's like you could hear that God might
be better I don't even know how he knows
my name well yeah she sent me there to
work tonight but uh Scott had no idea
was working Ryan are why am i yep um but
I've been driving driver are you I've
been there three three weeks almost a
month oh oh yeah we're having everyone
trained on her new system and the
website has a new system so we don't
that's like Jill's going over and ever
the other than that I have no idea what
to tell you
all right well tell Jill that I call
this is rhyme sheet she crest not
secrecy crest everyone gets off okay
thanks man my car is effed
I'd even bring it out in this weather
time to take chase back to get his car
once you in my car
see ya he said right guys so I got to
clear something up number one
the neck break prank everybody thought I
was using noodles because when I did the
broken nose prank I actually had a
noodle
I would bite down on it and it sounded
awesome but this the neck prank was
actually done with this plastic tube
it's just a little plastic tube that
this guy Daniel caramel Daniel caramel I
think his name he's a fan he sent it to
my p.o box like six months ago and I've
just had fun with it ever since but it's
just a piece of plastic like plumbing
something that you would find behind
your washer and dryer maybe do this
prank yourself and you will be so
surprised how many people you fool just
like that no effort just like cried
people so just got back home I'm going
through Instagram I said I'd feature
some of you guys's instagrams this one
kind of this one's kind of funny I don't
know this one's kind of funny Thanks
Adric Hendrik fire wrecker six rocking
it out I had to like that one I love
when you guys send me your smile more
stuff that's the best this one this one
somebody froze the picture me hold up
the cat picture that's funny
you guys are awesome like like like you
guys sent me pictures on Instagram or my
life oh these are awesome this one's
cool I've seen this a lot people are
passing it around the keep calm smile
more that's cool
come join the army I already like that
one cool so how many of you guys how
many of you guys know that I originally
my channel was sketch comedy how many of
you have been watching since then that's
the mystery I just not like that's why
the channel a lot of people ask why is
the channel called Roman Atwood well
that's because I started the YouTube
channel and I was just doing these
stupid videos and eventually uh that's
when Denis came in and a bunch of other
guys and let me show you why I quit
doing sketches this is one of our
sketches and we still have all the
sketches are still on the main channel
just nobody knows about them because
they're so old let me just show you one
and then you guys will quickly realize
why I quit doing sketches
that's 40 there's soap in the backyard I
told you it's too early to start
drinking Barney he's been drinking
tomorrow all right all right let's just
go see what the little baby's crying
about it's right there look look like it
right there I mean what is that an alien
I'm more scared than Rosie O'Donnell's
Fanny's baby they come in peace while
they're leaving in patience I think
you're gone ah see how the hell Oh buddy
buddy
we weren't yeah there's tons of water
outside it's go right outside Bishop man
what do you mean insufficient mud
what kind of mud are you looking for no
you don't have to do this mud puddle
we will find your mother humans I
wouldn't say I'm the best at pranks but
I'm definitely better did I haven't
sketches wash my hair out good 3 yes
it's like afro all of us you look like
that's American something I should just
wear it like this I would I have come to
get my hair cut sup John long time no
see
high five good we cut your beard I think
it's coming off ha ha
brothers here getting his fro chaga
what's up you want a cookie that's
really halfway halfway door no we're
further than halfway who decided to stop
by right now you must be seeming
shirtless there's my little man hey you
like my hair yeah what come on dude it
shoot it yeah I just left getting my
hair cut and this is the worst situation
that I can be in with this car this car
is it's bad with wet roads
what is his problem pulling in like that
well I made it to the gas station I
think I'm the only one that's alive my
poor car all right all I got to do now
is make it home sick you miss me did you
miss me you're all you miss me you miss
me
ah he loves the snow
I can't see you come on come on come on
whoa I'm falling whoa made it home
where's Kenan Cain daddy's daddy's home
huh okay are you here hey do you want
candy yeah I got you
boss where every time fans got new
pyjamas you were rocking and rolling kid
huh hey cane you like my new haircut
it's just too short little girl hey you
like my hair yeah it looks like yours
yours is cooler because it's long for
you guys don't follow me on Twitter and
it gets where i did my most my updates
don't have to follow me on twitter i
don't use it that much but i did say i
got a root canal so i'll show you a
little bit of that i got a root canal
yesterday too so you hold my hand
me too not all are wet that is Pete on
them this is what they're gonna jab into
my my teat to there's nothing fun about
these tools all this I feel like I could
just bite all my teeth off like I'm so
numb over here I just like repeat have
no feeling it's like I could chew a 2x4
in half right now good yeah it's like
black licorice I got at into the uh I
gotta tend to the rascal here
so I love you all quick question did you
like the sketch I have like over a
hundred of those and then I have I
probably have a hundred more that's not
even on YouTube so if you like them I'll
start featuring them in these vlogs
maybe just show you guys little by
little it's just a fun maybe two minutes
in each vlog would be kind of cool so I
love you guys also if you want me to do
the skittle contest on Facebook let me
know I'd hate to ask you guys to do it
again but if you want to let's do it
because I'm dying to tell you the number
if not you guys don't want to do it I'll
just tell you the number all right tell
me if you want sketches and tell me if
you want skittle challenge on Facebook I
love you till tomorrow smile more what
I'm trying to in my vlog Ken ah hey can
you go like this hey till tomorrow smile
more ah somebody Oh
you're gonna dislocate your neck a
natural spine but it'll be encrypted
stop super swag what I can converse
deadly secret yeah
