good morning guys ah this is a big day
for me okay so you guys know that Gibson
guitar flew me to Germany a few weeks
ago to pull pranks and I told him I
didn't want any money all I want is to
bring my dad down to your factory and
give him a tour my dad is a guitar
fanatic he loves guitars so he's going
to the factory today and there's a huge
surprise at the end of the tour that my
dad does not know about so let's go you
guys are coming with me this is gonna be
really fun
good morning you ready to go ready
today's gonna be really cool for you
guys too because they don't really let
people film inside the factory but
they've given me permission so I get to
show you all the good stuff guys all
right a beautiful man it's beautiful
we're excited let's do this with the
Gibson office and they just have a play
room with you can play any guitars just
chill relax
is this the banner that's cold it God
well that's awesome man just price Pete
before VidCon and hey that came out
actually good awesome so if you guys go
to VidCon you'll see this at the Gibson
booth
haha look at that guy's and then hit the
a string this was really a tune so these
are auto tuners they're new and they
tune your guitar for you oh boy
well the next thing is you'll just push
a button and I'll play the song there
okay dang so we're off to the Gibson
Factory right now are you excited or wha
this is nothing feel to be going to the
back it's probably less than once in a
lifetime for most of us but yeah this
ought to be really sweet oh man
hey shel so this is Frankie hey remember
the video where I'm dropping the Gibson
guitar he actually designed that you
thought right yeah yeah that's my broker
guys you're headed to the back the
private sector of Gibson Bob are fences
yo let's say the employees can't get out
that's not for people to get out there's
how you get in
we have
we have the trucks bring it on offer
and they bring it in wrong and they rip
it over here so this is what they make
with the necks out of X is a guitar yes
Wow the SG body backs right here I like
you track all this stuff huh it's
amazing it's amazing they take that and
turn it into yeah that looks like old
doors in my whip pile basically a giant
woodshop giant giant versions of your
woodshop that's amazing
is it old glue press pushes the wood
together and they make glues them
a double horn
I'll they ever figure that out that's
basically step one to the net to
and then that turns into this alright
they round it a little bit see google
bars they put on that yeah there's so
many it's crazy
these are giant dryers
and this is where they dry the would
make sure it's completely dried out you
guys have no idea how cool this is they
don't let people film in here so this is
awesome
they've got a bathroom slash tornado
shelter that's Paul these are lots more
Paul so that's a lot of Les Paul's man
you get if you play guitar you can
definitely appreciate this pile of wood
all right we're leaving that we're
leaving the wood plant that's enough
wood for me for one day welcome to a
Gibson guitar Wow look at all those
guitars that's cool are those all your
guitars
Oh
right about safety we have to look cool
the high speed we're traveling you know
you're coming into a factory when you
got to put on safety glasses
net prep
body separated
Wow
and the next they get binding they hand
bind them no machine doesn't what is
that
old-school rope bye
the binding to the neck
old school play
so they glue it they take it in a rap
and rap and rap and rap let's just
pressure hold that baby all together and
any anger like hang like mommy's
this is super backstage Gibson man this
is like a super rare opportunity to be
here when nobody's working it's like a
playground
so every single fret 120th anniversary
every single one of these are put in by
hand and it's actually done at these
stations they have this little tool that
hammers a man did that's cool I would
honestly believe that everything was so
automatic here but it's all by hand
everything we've done by a human with
with love so for viewers that don't know
what pickups are what are their pickups
is actually where the sound is change
from magnetic to electronic when you see
that piece on a guitar this is where
they make them during sound wire so
you're telling me all this is made right
here yes it's not imported nothing it's
made right here they wind it we're some
winding station it's amazing
the oldest crew are attached to what
turns out to be the magnet individual
Springs and then everything's hand done
it's waxed first and then you actually
adjust the individual
Haight have you look at it I mean you're
used to seeing screws or the slugs but
this is so cool I mean it's a beveled
rectangle this is where the guitars they
come in and they get hand buffer you got
these wax some guy stands here it
polishes them makes them all shiny so
they get that shine this one's not done
yet they must at lunch break hey you're
drying put it on and I was gonna hold it
Matt Glantz and this is the finishing
room right Dan it's awesome this is like
that uh Monsters Inc but instead of
doors instead of doors it's guitars and
they go all the way on this building
painted electrostatic and then it goes
out to to scuff and then bow so this is
before this is after
faking gay fake can't be real geez
Louise man and more in here
it's don't even look like a real place
this is like something out of them
cartoon it reminds me of the scene in
coma where the bodies are all hanging
from Nami yeah the coma room for man
dealing body part what's crazy about
this is this right here is an electric
there's any electricity down to the
guitar so when you spray the guitar it
attracts the material so when they spray
all the pie finish off on the guitar
subsidence sucks it ends oh my gosh it
would ever known that is what happens I
have a saying and it is what is it
profit a man to be lazy in his own
kingdom if you got a great idea you just
go with it
look at that that all started with one
guy playing a guitar and making it
happen I can't imagine what this started
as so what's this room this is final
assembly final assembly goes down the
line
like Nanak drop in we've got guys in the
back who have the privilege of setting
up stringing and playing each instrument
that comes off
they just chill back there get a new
guitar jam on us that's all they do Wood
mmm
beautiful so many guitars so little time
and play
what's up man what are you doing here
just let's round this table or oh knob
for cool trying to get some Intel
nothing nothing cool nice shirt
thank you
Oh
that's a lot different than well the
stuff you just seen so shiny they come
out so pretty man borders Shh that is
pretty and then it literally bleeds
right into this warehouse where they're
boxed and shipped I love us actually
coming into the warehouse they pull the
whole process ends here boxes and boxes
like secret files so how many guitars
are in this warehouse at one time
between twelve and fourteen thousand oh
that is cool that is really cool that's
badass you gotta appreciate that oh yeah
and you feel this baby this is Les
Paul's original that was his original
this is a every recording yes who is the
remake that came out this year for all
of his original guitar Hey look at that
looks like working this thing so John
just told me that some of the models
take over a month from beginning to end
to make that guitar so there's so much
appreciation in these these guitars like
they are seriously hand made that's
that's that's amazing oh yeah
got a few guitars up here every corner
of this building's got some fancy
showroom
Taro's everywhere this one's cool I like
that design yeah five finger death match
oh yeah yeah yeah that's cool huh so
when we were when I reached out to Roman
and to this prank and then Germany with
us yeah we're trying to talk about you
know how to work that his magic and what
he wanted in return and he said he
didn't want anything no money nothing he
said John if Gibson hook up
my dad with a guitar that's what he
wanted that is ordinary cool yeah it's
really pressured on the Sunday before
you don't know where any of this would
go when you're hanging out with him all
the parts are here you got him together
the one it's Alden habit we Gibson
doesn't carry a lot of stock in the
factory so we had to go digging to find
this special bottle and we're free Aaron
me ha ha ha a special model is just
alright
she had the special case - it's a 1960s
a 1960s anniversary gold table this is
sweet
baby right here Wow it's beautifully I'm
nervous
ha ha ha laughter so what goes into him
Bow Wow
yeah and those are like the tuning pegs
on the old SG ahead for are broken yeah
just like don't smash that one yeah
can't smash them that'll be your Sundays
on takes a little wild warming that is
beautiful
not turned on no plug it find a chair
let's jam it out
yeah you men have been gifted as much as
me with their sons I've had two sons and
they've just they've just always
delivered a lot of love back and it's
it's just rare I don't see it a lot of
family as awesome yeah I'm glad I could
surprise you John good job man
absolutely man job man it's awesome
so it actually came that guitar actually
came from here not from a music store so
it's fresh it's like Ryanne yyd here
it's a fresh fresh from the Gibson plant
like it I know not off the conveyor belt
the science is hot very Suzie uh thank
you for coming out to share me with us
there is a actual guitar oh yeah yeah
yeah that you're used in the pray did I
love it that's going on my wall baby oh
you guys what you did was bolt it back
together so hang little hey it lives on
baby a $40,000 guitar right John man
absolutely
just keep you just keep surprising me
thing about this is yeah we broke it but
it gets to live on this will be in my on
my wall man and it's got a story all the
way from Germany love it did so Music
Row is like the center of the music
industry in Nashville and it starts off
with the statues on Music Row and we go
we'll go from there
all right you'll the tenor he's taking a
servant of Music Row this is where
everyone records and all the famous
artists have been here and in not just
country there's a lot of pop and uh
you know indie artists that record here
in Nashville as well see it let's check
it out sort of these all studios this is
Reba McEntire studios occurs it's all
right
she's a helicopter pad that says that
it's for sale yeah it's not
it doesn't look like much but it's a
super famous location super favorite
that we are back at the hotel
dad's hanging out my room with his new
baby don't so glad you like it
yeah I was pretty nervous we've been
working on this for a couple weeks
making sure this whole thing worked out
and I told John I want it to be a
surprise myself so I didn't even get to
see the guitar so I'm so happy it came
out so pretty man yeah wearing my
fingers out now on trying to break it in
oh I love seeing you so happy yeah big
kids toy give me give me some give me
some jams I'm being so modest Oh
we're off to get some dinner apparently
hot chicken is popular here in Nashville
so my dad would just hurry up dude
losing that sunshine at Tennessee
sunshine John couldn't get enough of us
so he's taking us for hot chicken what's
this place called Hattie B's Hattie B's
Z hottest chicken and Nash and they have
different levels of hotness yeah I'm
good not for me I'm just wondering for
you because I know you don't like very
hot from what I understand on this right
if you need it yeah it's totally so your
food
ed you like hot stuff I don't know if
you didn't ah I'm not either
that guy warned me that maybe I better
do mild and mild like still hot yeah I'm
just gonna do a nice chicken van spice
little spice little soo yeah baby sports
I got like baby food here that
McDonald's fries pedal surprise no that
is all southern style
patty me he's chicken apparently this
place has chicken that will blow your
face off so ha
looks good looks good I like it dude the
cha-cha all right man you were right
it's delicious but John is wife his son
Justin what do you think Dad it's good I
got the medium medium so I'm a big sissy
you got medium too so I don't want to
hear y'all got medium yeah everybody got
a mini it's pretty hot still hot but
they have actually have one folder hot
as hell pretty pretty sure I'm gonna
void that one for life I'm officially
stuffed I can't even think about hey
cupcakes I'm so full man I'm never
eating again so where we headed to now
Johnny boy we're go see listen some
music
oh I thought was clear and sane seems
like every time I picked you guys up mom
and it's been two days I had to steer
you found like my hot chickens and you
scaring he's gonna kill me going over
here - sambuca sambuca they got this
band called the generators they're never
heard of them have no idea what they
sound like rocking grill you know it's
gonna be good Joey you have a great time
here isn't a studio
creme brulee something what was your
naira misu tara misu i get the tempest
ooh I don't even know what this is
so you guys know every time I go to a
place with a band I request a drum solo
I did in Aruba and I got it so now I got
to get these guys to do a drum solo I've
got the drummer for the generators we
could say with a J how's anybody gonna
find that place Jenny's generators with
AJ all right Jenny
so Jenny is the drummer and she has
promised me a drum solo what do I have
to do what do I want me to kill it up I
want you to own this place it's yours I
just wrote down for the girls in the
world I need to say it but yeah do it
for the girls
there it is okay here's for you here's
for you really for the guys winners for
the girl power there it is now that's a
fun choice
they're superstars in the audience where
he's super stable from people there's
nobody guy I knew it the video channel
guy okay do you Jim and gives a guy and
it gives a guy and they threw money at
me I do it they were one it was one
Jenny do we get free guitar strings or
anything for playing again we get bitch
I'll give you a hell of these dollars
for my things you'll be looking at
eight-by-ten of Les Paul let's really
know I love I'll take three for making
our night thank you for me oh yeah thank
you for those dollars money but it's
going to come in handy later when we go
to White Castle ooh transitions in we
love him
that was fun now that it's raining how
do we get out of here get out here come
on
that's what alright wrapping the night
up dude that was fun guys
a lot of fun got a drum solo
you just got ask and you shall receive
help me shot you want some get up and
ask all right absolutely any man ever to
shoot down hurts throw money all over
the stage all right we be out of here
until we me Satan
yeah it was great to meet you my
pleasure you guys take care have a safe
trip back stay small more how do we get
it thank you dude look at this bro oh
it's the Lucifer it looks like something
you'd see in the center science of
Industry
I saw Britney wearing something I got
one these guys I'm back in my room my
voice is hoarse I am like ready to crash
but I gotta get this vlog edited it's
gonna be a long vlog longer than normal
I tried to shoot for 30 minutes I don't
know if I hit it I'll find out soon uh I
can't thank you guys enough for coming
along today it meant so much to me my
dad has supported me over the years of
doing what I love to do he's the one
that told me to quit my job and pursue
YouTube and it felt so good today to
make my youtube career give back to him
it was just breathtaking to me it felt
so good so thank you guys for joining me
on that he's so happy he's probably
jamming on that guitar right now but I
love you guys that's all I got for you
um thumbs up man hit the like for this
long vlog I tried for you guys really
tried for a long long today I'm just
thinking everybody I really am I try to
make everybody happy um that's it it's
all I got for you guys I will see you
tomorrow I got it uh we're actually
going home tomorrow
I got to get basically ready I gotta
head to LA for a few weeks so I know you
guys usually like the LA vlogs I have a
couple days with the family you'll get
to see the kids and then I'm out again
lots of business lots of big things
happening so I love you guys that's it
see you tomorrow
don't forget smile more
awesome we're downtown Nashville and
just about every single building you see
has its own band there are musician
around concert everywhere
