oh my gosh I love you
hey you'd be good for mommy okay you be
good for mommy
by Zeus bye baby what I love you I see
soup an absolute beautiful day I don't
even know what the temperature is but
it's bright and sunny up and I'm going
on a very going on a very fun trip this
week with my dad I'm taking him along to
do something that he's always wanted to
do his whole life so I'm taking him and
you guys are coming along too we're
gonna have fun ready to go
oh oh how'd it go cameras are out we're
on the road headed to Nashville
six and a half hour drive it's gonna be
awesome
we're not gonna get too far like this
we are in bumper-to-bumper sit still
traffic
not cool cool so since this April Fool's
there I'm gonna share a funny prank that
my dad got me I was 16 I still lived
with you and you came in from work and
you were like it was early morning he
said your tires flat remember that no do
you know I know he came in he's like
he's like dude your tire is flat
I can hear it just like yesterday and so
long story short I didn't do anything
all that even leave the house I didn't
even go look okay you came home for the
work he came home from work and he said
he said yo you fixed your tire I was
like what are you talking about he's
like your tires fixed I said I didn't
fix my tire oh it's not flat that was a
TOEFL screening
dang I did about one of those a day so
yeah that's true that was a good one
that was 101 and pranking in other words
when your dad tells you something check
and make sure he's telling true
I expected the Rocky Mountains to be a
little more rocky the myth
Suns going down a beautiful daddy 80
degrees today which for us is like
unheard of you got to go south or west
to ever feel those temperatures in the
winter
I guess it's spring mass
his green Brittany was like Tilly five
hours five hours we're like wow this
could be a quick trip then we get in
here the GPS is six and a half but then
we hit wicked traffic so it's been quite
this day it'll be worth it though it's
gonna be worth it that's just a geez
business you have cigarettes and love
stuff got to make a quick stop
get my subway fixed you know what I get
every time time BMT I've got to show you
guys my dad's new iPad check this out
you know where we're going or what yeah
but it doesn't take very long to charge
we made it to Tennessee we literally
just I just passed the Tennessee sign I
tried to get it on film but my camera
won't come on in time so I failed we're
close baby 30 minutes the nashville
don't see this in ohio not yet I think
it's like popcorn man hot phone see on
the other side
don't man
me two rooms our guys made it the
Nashville baby oh so ready I got a
pretty I don't know they told us I got
me and my dad we both got our own rooms
and the lady was like no we got you we
got you a king-size bed each but when we
got here what they really got us was two
queen-size beds each so I'm either gonna
push these together and have one monster
bed or just sleep on the floor it's got
a sink it's got a toilet it's got a
shower what more could you want huh oh
and you can make coffee while you poop
so now my good buddy John from Gibson
member when I went to Germany he's
actually gonna pick us up and take us
out to dinner which is really cool over
here I'm excited for that so let's go
you're coming with me
don't think you're not coming come on
come on let's go so you guys got to
check this dress out it's made out of
pink crowns crowns
ooh la la if I had a girl in this dress
I just throw her on the ground start
dragging her all over the place that's
pretty cool
it's creative John what's going on handy
brother see you thanks for picking us up
solutely hey my dad Kurt nice to meet
your parents yeah what's going on very
tall well I need to leave you this out
here's the thing all my viewers always
make fun of me because I go to Germany
and I eat subway you know I mean so
we're in Nashville so what kind of food
is Nashville I probably like barbecue
meat at barbecue barbecue so let's go
again hot chick let's go get some hot
meat in our mouth sounds perfect
this is like Las Vegas on as popular
area
there is literally music in every
building we're downtown Nashville and
just about every single building you see
has its own band there are musician
around concert everywhere all right so
what's this place called John yeah Jack
Jack's famous barbecue place you guys
know I'm in the right place when the
hometown has ribs that's their food
that's me this place is
can't find this many people in Columbus
period it's really total now this was a
Tuesday night it turns out if you're a
musician this is where you're supposed
to be this is like crazy
one here one here
it's Nashville right here in Nashville
it's final
hey where you guys got man soft plate I
want to hear your best song your best
song
come on best song yeah you are good at
playing with nuts man thank you man
I got ten spot for you guys well John
said we've officially been honky-tonking
in Nashville honky tonking I've never
seen so many musicians in my life in one
place like every ten feet there's
somebody playing a guitar it's cool man
I like that man thanks so much
toodles all right guys I'm back that was
fun that was a lot of fun I've never
seen this many musicians I've never seen
that kind of nightlife on a Tuesday I
mean I know if you go to Vegas or LA
there's things like that but this is
really like I've been all over the world
guys I've never seen every single room
full of country artists like it was
really it's really quite the thing to
see if you've never seen it definitely
worth a visit all right guys I gotta cut
this vlog short I got a huge data mounts
on a very very big surprise so uh I'll
be working on that I love you guys so
much thanks again for liking all these
vlogs you guys are killing it I cannot
believe it I will see you tomorrow and
until then what do you do you smile on
that's it I hit you
