morning guys it's cold it's cool what do
you guys up to
watch this
you want to go down game canes up to his
waist or in the deep snow today so we
get Zeus down here concers come on good
boy oh my god it's the start of our day
right here start of our morning the best
start what do you think it is buddy this
ain't this ain't cowboy boot weather boy
oh good mm-hmm oh this is the fun part
of the year right here will you try to
vlog and you can barely move your lips a
bit uh yeah hey I'll call your fingers
then my pinky it's solid hey I'll be
back I love you give me five yeah hey
I'll be back
oh no don't no no no dead all right love
you guys
hug hug I'll be back I love you
oh now for the boring part of the day I
got to uh I got banking and accounting
to do and all the stuff that I would
normally not share with you guys but
since you always request it you just
tell me to film everything and upload
everything I'm gonna give you a little
taste of what that might be like now
right now I'm just going to banking
accountants and who would ever thought
you two would take me to a place where I
haven't counts things like a boring
stuff oh no guys all day tomorrow
and the next thing all we're doing is
filming - public pranks we got - public
pranks tired of the indoor pranks we're
gonna go out we're gonna rock it we're
gonna rock it public style I know you
guys been missing public pranks and yeah
just stopped at the hardware store
remember last night no when I was making
the cardboard guns and I don't have the
right tools I stopped and got exacto
knife razors oh we're gonna make some
cardboard guns now
I can't stand all these kids with the
cameras or cell phones I can't go
anywhere if I get so mad at a Burger
King they spit on my onion rings I think
my call attention pull on your blanket
around whoa
look at his hair look guys even my dad's
vlogging face yes but my dad's vlogging
now give me some face that's a boy yeah
mm-hmm that's my mom and dad's my mom's
cooking ups mean dinners chicken alfredo
it looks like cat vomit but it tastes
yeah
oh no one will like this and I'm
insulting her because I'm going out to
dinner wait more price but I'm leaving
you the kids yeah I'm fine
we're getting a little date night out
I'm headed to Outback Steakhouse my
favorite restaurant in the world check
this out
it's three degrees three degrees
Fahrenheit I know most the world uses
Celsius but it's very night here in the
United States we look like I don't know
what that is Celsius but it's friggin
cold it's almost zero degrees see ya
hallelujah hallelujah
no chicks at nine o'clock like if we
take one alone for a chance of Hawaii oh
yeah 9:30 at night let's get milkshakes
did you know that my milkshakes actually
bring all the boys sleep
oh so many decisions oh can I possibly
get more ribs on baby
I'm definitely get cheesecake take
special shout out to my boy Gilroy
forget me and Brittany giftcard out back
thanks Gilroy chase this is the
highlight the highlight of my entire
night right here jeez your entire night
always now it's the highlight Cheers
cheers to what hey all right sir date
night
blue moon I wonder why it's called blue
it's armed
no I said I won't get ribs so I didn't I
got wings and ribs I'm gonna be taking
half of this all I'll leave that little
baby steak that's a little kangaroo you
know I have never ate that much food oh
my god what what's the funny know what
is funny Roman almost all of its in
these bags huh dad you're gonna be stuff
when you leave didn't say anything thank
you I'm so full bleep does not snow on
the car I don't know why but we're
looking at beds all kinds of beds well I
did blow the table up I think it's just
uh this is the randomizer you don't give
a table I'm gonna try to tackle her
get this smile it's contagious I like
that you told him like it tolls my heels
that was weak
alright I'm back home we're back home we
are uh guys you guys left me a million
great ideas to read all the comments for
the skittle contest I'm still working on
it
I haven't found any real one that works
perfect yet but to hold you over the
guys over at lamp apparel said they give
you guys 14 Roman soldier t-shirts 14
winners here filmer as that make the
Roman soldier t-shirts that would
they're freakin awesome I love them but
if you're a Roman soldier they're so
easy they said they would just hook you
guys up because my skittle contest is
freakin failing I'm trying to make it
work but uh all you have to do they just
posted a picture on me
on their Instagram lamp apparel I will
put their Instagram at the top of the
description of this video all you have
to do is go comment on that picture the
best comments best 14 comments are gonna
get free shirt they're freaking awesome
go get one go tell them you're a Roman
soldier and why you show them who you
guys are other than that guys it's been
a fun day just hanging out with Brittany
and the kids playing in the snow thank
you all so much for following me on
Instagram I can't believe how many of
you guys showed up is absolutely
beautiful I'm actually gonna start
featuring your guys's instagrams and
some of my vlogs so get ready for that I
love you guys
we're killing the vlogs we're doing one
after another what you know something to
say smiley
hey I'm happy you're like vlogging
everybody trying when he skips day I'm
like no no no no no I'm a loud well she
doesn't say no all day like rapidly I
think something's wrong with her hmm hi
guys we love ya thanks so much for
hanging out watching especially to the
end I don't even watch to you and I
don't even all right I love you guys
till tomorrow you know what to do what I
have to do Nomar yep on 71 your throttle
agree
