good morning guys it is uh well let me
just show you it's winter
I got a last-minute call to go do the
morning show here Norma so I'm headed
there right now hopefully hopefully I'll
break it Oh weather outside is weather
did it we're almost there
15 minutes late so far not too bad but
all right I'm here we made it this is
what the back stage looks like what's up
Adam waiting to go on we have like a
minute left
it's so bright in here way better than
the back room eh had me waiting we have
to scare you before you come in yeah so
what was your name
oh no Ellie Ellie has an idea for me to
prank the hosiery Katie traffic Katie
she's the traffic girl so while she's
doing traffic maybe yeah yeah oh I'll
see what happens I don't know about this
25 nine o'clock now Brady years without
living in the past
our dublin out there right now we've got
a lot going on traffic wise what a mess
of a day we've had rain all day you can
see this crash on 71 in North Broadway
great don't get it on Bill suits I love
in life but I'm gonna go watch a song
that was do were you in on that this
isn't even 5/3 oh yeah I like to my lips
and it's not freaking hot hey you know
doing this hey let's call poison control
going down
all right so work good job that's fun
again she's the best forever
yeah yeah she's just so excited yeah all
right just the time I was in there the
cars already getting covered again in
snow ah it never ends in the stage it's
not raining it's not you know one of the
greatest like feelings right now is
getting love from my city like my local
City of Columbus I've been doing this
for three and a half years right here in
Columbus
and I've been shared all over the world
by every newspaper and
TV show I've been everywhere honestly
and Columbus never gave me anything and
just lately in the last couple months
they're starting to like promote promote
promote me so it's cool it feels good
feels good to get some love from my city
you know ah oh my my city I'm I fit it
say I just picked my buddy up mess with
one of my filters it's so clear I say ND
filter so Sun Sun glass we need to go
sledding and look at it out here
it's a wintry Wonderland but on
Christmas we had no snow and now January
I know talking about counting skittles
today Zeus hey come on love this snow
don't shout subway get out of my subway
how can I say no to that
how can I say no come here Zeus commit
drop it oh you just want to play in the
snow don't you Oh dog loves the snow
be coming back in is it too cold out
it's too cold for the little baby
well me and know we're going by I'll be
right back with the snow we got the snow
blasters I already felt can you shoot it
so cool the snow doesn't act very well
not bad well just dusted
causes causes untouched trampoline go
for it look at your ice face dude hey
your angels gone it's so heavy
damn the bag what do you Matt Cain is
that doggy got a massive balloon making
kit that's awesome
twisty balloons hey guys I gotta finish
dishes in the kitchen right I officially
have no idea how to make this look like
any sense
I stink it twisted balloon animals I
can't do balloon animals
I'm not good just go to practice huh
your animal haha I can't help it you
help it I don't know how to do it nice
it's a donkey with a really long tail
coffee bracelet hey there boss two
blasts um all right you got a walk cane
he's I've ever seen
oh my god came so now the kids are
working on a straw kit you can build
your own straws look it's a secret one
no really water just cover up the hole
to make it work in his chair he blows
his stuff into my mouth okay now it's
just no and I we are working on
cardboard machine guns we're doing
pretty good dude this is like we're just
copying off pictures and we don't have
any real tools I'm just using a knife
asking my Center something we need
better tools if you guys ever made and
you guys never made a cardboard weapon
we just got done watching a bunch of
cardboard war fair videos on YouTube now
Noah wants weapons hold it it's pretty
good size
ha sorry guys got the kids knocked out
now I've run into a big big problem okay
you know the skittle challenge where I
asked you guys to guess how many
skittles I had in a jar well you guys
left 55,000 comments now what I was
going to do is just use a finder program
to find the exact amount of skittles
somebody left but when I hit view all
comments it will only let me go down so
I can keep showing more undo all I can
keep going it's only let me go back to
ours there's no more show all there's no
more load more so we've got a real
problem I'm really upset does anybody
know how to actually view all the
comments on a video because as of now I
cannot view all the comments it's only
let me go back a few hours and which
really sucks there's 55,000 comments and
I really want to see if somebody guessed
the right number I have the right number
we counted the skittles and now I'm
really disappointed so if you guys know
how I can see these comments please let
me know leave me a comment tell me I'll
read the comments because I'm really
desperate to to release the winner of
the skittle challenge so I'm gonna keep
working on this I will see you guys
tomorrow I hope you had a great day I
love you smell more stir - Secret Santa
millions of people follow Roman Atwood
on YouTube pulls off some hilarious
pranks right here on the streets of
Columbus but as ABC 6 has been garlic
now shows us his latest viral video
