well of course it's raining this morning
the tank delivers what's up guys all
right
it's a beautiful rainy day and Ohio
what's up Todd what's up what's up
master pimp you guys watching the
suction cups this is so dangerous
cute cue dolly holy crikey okay slowly
sat down the carpet hmm sorry this is a
heavy for some reason I felt like Todd
had all the weight cuz we're all like
this he's like hey let's lift it up and
get your hand or anything I just just
will lift it up you guys gear here ready
push it
okay alright coconut fat your hand stuck
underneath that splat be good for your
brother have fun at the beach did I'll
try hard
JC going to the beach lucky ducky gosh
I'm building the beach in my living room
and you're going to the beach I think we
should fill the saw area with sand I put
up sand pit right here though with a
palm tree
yeah the neighborhood cats would come
over just to take a dump
alright it's super pretty outside
it's just Rick what he we're going to RC
shot one of my favourite places to go
I'm still kid guys I love my RC cars
bringing Dale my brother Domino Dale and
King in there inside and Noah we're all
going get my hair guys what by the way
why haven't you guys told me to get a
haircut
you know ridiculous I look look at this
and I got a new friend right here on my
head I'm a man I'm a mess I'm a mess hey
we made it can are you hiding right now
ok cool that just look around what color
is that one blue what colors that one
yeah red these are awesome please car
will paint them bikes
you got me me okay Oh if you want the
bike get the bike what do you get him
tough call dude up to you the smallest
the smallest quadcopter ever this is my
hand just got home Cain had to have this
bike painting carried around the whole
store looks pretty hard actually Cain's
got his color you're doing a great job
buddy
no I got a level one model which I'm
really excited about cuz I actually want
to get you a model so this is gonna be
fun
he picked a Mustang they didn't have
many options really this is cool it's
almost yeah it was a Mustang but there's
the same as this but it was just plastic
it this also you can paint it different
you're gonna try to paint over this yeah
I have the paintin
you should I can try to paint it I'm
gonna cut your fingers off oh I missed
just twist it oh my gosh everytime
scarier okay so where are you going
spending the night at my grandma's
that's not a birthday no oh I don't know
all week I thought it was a birthday
party he
oh I thought it was alright so you're
just going to spin the night with a
friend I got I got you dog
what he said he said
I love you baby
have a great time okay call me any time
course I couldn't go to the arson mom of
course I couldn't go to store without
get me a toy just a little guy look at
this quadcopter good Zeus is gonna go no
I bet I can get Zeus to eat this thing
in flight I don't think that he will try
to eat this thing I didn't even think of
that
Zeus come here huh you gonna eat this oh
he already wants it he already wants it
we got a houseful tonight a mommy hey
Dad my mom brought over a beautiful meal
you can tell that this is mother meal
right here mother me on this is mother
meal this is healthy vegetables meat
potatoes we think of this confident well
I've got the sprinkles out I can put on
there get away from check it out guys
just want to show you it's snowing again
ah Zeus
make it go away screw you Ohio
so as you guys know today about this
tiny little tiny look at my hand
quadcopter Dale's actually expert at
this stuff I don't I've never flown a
quadcopter
he's got like the goggles you fly a mile
away into the atmosphere they'll get a
little white one
Campos I've definitely got to put Zeus
away at least for a while
I'll let's just come out on my
helicopter that's four yeah yeah so
we're we're always that's ridiculous I
told you he's an expert can you argue
with that you can do that with mine
though you make it look easy though if
the battery goes dead he's going to eat
I've got a hold of him let's see how
this reacts when I fly mine
oh there's already wires hanging out no
wait
Oh Bentley oh I think we can fix that I
miss it both motors I've been in here I
think you just need to bend their head
hit it yeah he was afraid to grab it the
first two times bye guys
you're super awesome see Dale yeah
careful out there that's no oh come here
flee Oh
keifa mom I don't know if I showed you
guys our new puppy we got a new puppy
ready go get it oh hey puppy
ready go get it
meow
playing fetch with our kid that's all
time
that's all-time low go ahead
hurry this is gonna get it you going to
bed why are you going in there you want
to lay in here you're so spoiled give me
hug big hug squeeze me oh my godness
plan ah ha I love you I'll be back so
today I was like where's my phone
where's my phone I couldn't find my
phone my dad was like hey it was on the
floor he picks it up hands it to me
smash Oh
smashed smile on well show you guys I
told you I keep you updated on the
aquarium and things like that today they
got a lot done
they actually got it in the wall um it
is in place and it's massive I cannot
wait to get this baby filled and the
wall done they're actually going to
match the stone over here on this wall
they're going to do the whole wall where
the aquarium is so this the aquarium is
gonna be sitting in the stone which I'm
super excited about but it just takes so
much time
they'll be here all next week excuse me
they'll be here all next week doing that
and running the plumbing and finalizing
they're actually putting rock in Monday
filling it I believe and then it takes
like a month to cycle before I can even
put a fish or a coral in it so it's kind
of a long process but it's totally worth
I cannot wait to get this going
hey sit you ready for your drops you
won't put your drops in maybe then you
feel huh
just looks so sad he's like a little
we got to do it you're gonna feel better
I'm um later later good boy good boy
he's gotten so good at this man you
should have seemed like we probably been
putting these drops in for almost a year
in that first month it was like
impossible to get him and now he's just
like oh that's a good boy that's a good
boy you so spoiled
come on watch how good he is at doing
the other side watch this this do the
other side this let's do the other side
all right guys that is the day that's it
it's all I got
please pass them out canes already
asleep Brittany's tired I'm tired we're
trying to find you know what we've
learned about Netflix over the last few
weeks is that you spend more time
looking for something to watch than
actually watching me actually watch this
thing called uh couponers string q
Bonnie
Extreme Couponing oh my you're on what
is that fleece doing to me all right
guys we're gonna get this full hog
edited and up for you guys I think I'm
gonna do the double vlog tomorrow I
think that's the goal we'll see I gotta
get that done I know you guys are
waiting on it I love you thanks so much
watching thanks so much for liking these
vlogs I will see you tomorrow
smama smama smama smama yeah smell that
mr. mustache
