what up guys is another gray day in Ohio
not bad though
my bad keeping the head up smiling so
I'm on my way to a store and I get a
call from ABC Fox to do an interview so
now I'm just going there because that's
way better than going to the store baby
never know about the newsman sometimes
they have sometimes they're promoting
and sometimes they're demoted
so you just you just jump in whatever
all news is good news right so Ben just
showed up maybe see go guys and he's
gonna do a quick interview about our
Christmas video I was dressed like an
elf when's this gonna air tonight
tonight tonight at 10 o'clock all
Constantine in ABC 6 and 11 oh cool 10
and 11 so I I did the interview with ABC
it was really good super positive fun
and at the end he was like man I wish I
could film you doing like one of your
pranks and I was like I really don't
have anything with me I'm I was just
driving to the store and I swear to God
right when I looked back there's these
two women coming through this parking
lot and I was like hey I do blogging
with strangers do you want me to do it
he was like yeah let's do it
just got here with my two sisters and we
are about to go shopping
we're gonna have a good time yeah yeah
girls we got them yeah awesome let's go
I'm heading to the store right now I'm
gonna do something cool for you guys
tonight
right now all right guys who's ready for
a new giveaway here we go
this is gonna be fun
you guys think you're so smart huh all
right let's let's test it watch one mmm
this guy's huge
how many skittles will fit into that jar
I shouldn't show the bag I can't show
you guys the bags you're smart you'll
probably go buy ounces and wait I should
take some out of each bag and then lime
no idea it's just gonna be a mystery how
many actually four in here even to
myself
now that's a jaw oh my god to do hold it
that's a lot of skittles yo it's to
smell like chocolate this was like
rainbows haha alright now this is a
giveaway the first one to comment the
exact number of skittles they're just
gonna take us forever to count those
nine COUNTA Hilary's gonna wait we're
gonna weigh one and then no we gotta
count
we gotta count we just come up just to
be acting we'll do that tomorrow first
one to tell me exactly comment the exact
number of skittles in this jar oh we put
you soldiers to the test this is way
better way to give stuff away whoever
whoever guesses the exact number first
gets a Roman soldier t-shirt a smile
more t-shirts stickers and a smile more
beating the whole package dude how many
do you think's there just take a guess I
don't know
10,000 15,000 you think it's that high I
don't know have no idea hey I know it's
probably this evening number big is my
head there you go wonder how many
skittles are in my brain
I mean you're about to be in your rain I
want to eat some what I've actually all
right guys how that have fun guess your
number guess your number I'm gonna take
a guess I'm just gonna say 1000 just a
vague number 1000 skittles but I have
absolutely no idea
ace has a bacon lollipop and I think the
funniest part is the grease stain on the
back how many skittles do you think are
in here ah thousand you think a thousand
that's what I said eleven thousand
eleven thousand Colin says 1000 Carson
says eleven thousand I made you take
dope - all right whatever your number
whatever you thought it was - tip all
right so I got to my brother's house and
he printed how many pictures seventeen
hundred and six seventeen hundred photos
from way back when - now everything and
we got some crazy throw backs for you ha
ha ha I like this one a lot I like this
one this is uh me my blonde hair ha ha
ha
this is me and Dale with my mom and the
Bahamas friends I was seven here kind of
looks like Noah steals candles that's me
not that long go ahead a half sleeve
look how rich might as well not net but
yeah got together that's me
yeah it's it's the classic how old is my
there Seth Oh No
oh my gosh they just keep getting better
look at the Pepsi case barmy oh yeah
there's a dog nah oh dude your bike with
mags
I was like this is my bike yo
this is our dog beau was Danny look at
that thing he was mean I rock this
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle shirt that's
for sure
it's unlike every photo they had one
shirt this is a classic right and annum
hair I still play in the tub just like
that yeah I still sit sideways right at
horsey ride that horsey whoa we're back
home and it is time to call it a night
it's actually almost one o'clock in the
morning Kane you were up way too late
diaper boy oh we are crashing out
tomorrow I think I'm gonna take this
tree down tomorrow maybe there's so much
crap in this house oh I think this is
gonna be fun this actually came from an
idea somebody left me for the giveaways
and I loved it so much that I had to go
out today and do it I could not find the
person to email me this idea so if
you're watching this please email me
again I will credit you in the next
video I promise this is a killer idea
guys tell me the exact number of
skittles in this jar and you get the
whole smile market and a Roman soldier
t-shirt love ya hey what wait let me get
like an actual thing of how big it is
bigger than my head let me at the bottom
notice they're gonna pause it and count
this count it outside and calculate and
call that it's wait let me do us a turn
you stay there
Mayhew
that's what she said it's huge
Kane hey do you want a skittle how many
you think is in there wait you know how
many's in here how many well there's a
few less now Colin and Carson took some
- hey that's your one in the morning
skittle Luisi
you little rocks oh you got to up hey
guys hey guess what this is three vlogs
in a row huh oh but how many skittles do
you think is in here I literally I know
you have no idea what do you like a
thousand I said a thousand alright love
you guys till tomorrow
smile more
you
