hey guys let me tell you about the day
I'm having right now this is probably
gonna sound like a rant it's uh it's 8
o'clock at night
I've okay so you guys know I'm giving
away my vlog camera so to prevent
anything to happen to that vlog camera I
put it aside I left it aside so if it
broke or something you guys would be
pissed if I sent your broke camera so I
set that camera asad so yesterday's vlog
the sound it was weird because I had to
use my underwater camera to vlog because
I didn't want to use my other camera
so today I've logged all day Britney and
I went out had a great time I met a lot
of fans viewers I had a great frickin
vlog and then I'm working on a big video
for Christmas and I went to pick up all
this stuff that I need for this video
and I lost my camera has my whole day's
vlog on it it's terrible I'm now using
my backup vlog camera which I should
have been using in the first place but
it was dead it wasn't charged blah blah
so it's 8 o'clock at night I got a
charged camera now and let me let me
show you what we're working on right now
oh yeah I'm over at chases house we're
using his garage - uh well let me just
show you we have so many gloves 100 plus
pairs and gloves really aren't good
without socks so check out our socks
it's a lot of socks did brand-new boot
socks who wouldn't want a badass
harley-davidson boring hit 15 bucks it's
not bad on the first day and things this
that's this cold up best part about this
whole thing is the wrapping paper I know
we got like every color is a fish okay
lures this stuff school uh something
like I love fish this a rainbow rainbow
trout did gloves scarf with a pocket
with the females for the females they
get I know first they got pockets in
them to the scarf purse me yeah you got
these giant sweaters they're like they
got hoodies and hats for the pets for
the women scarfs and a ton of wrapping
paper Berkeley pit stop
lots of presents all wrapping a lot bags
of gifts
dennis is just finishing one up so many
yeah we were like little elfs working in
Santa's workshop
right now this is the moment sweatshop
these are like bigger gifts women's
presents well I guess we got this box
too well so this is this is 50 wrapped
gloves nice gloves nice boot socks so
this is right here look at all these
gift wrap we use how many tubes that's a
lot of you pick it up I'm sure I've
never wrapped that many presents of my
life I think it's a almost 200 total
socks hats scarfs gloves blankets jacket
like hoodies it's just a basic that we
even get the opportunity to do this
we're gonna pull this up we're gonna
make this video Christmas board we're
actually gonna go out Christmas morning
you do this just give back to our local
community here Columbus and I'm getting
sick again guys I'm sorry I'm trying to
knock the sound stuffed up even though
I'm always stuffed up this is even worse
than usual on a soap irritating
especially trying to do daily videos you
get sick man sucks especially before
Christmas especially before New Year's
especially before this morning oh ooh
this dog is so happy to see me
I think he wants to eat my face all
right so I just got my brother's truck
we are I had to borrow he's got a big 8
foot bed and uh we got a 15 foot
Christmas tree and we're gonna set up at
the homeless shelter and then fill it
with presents so we're gonna take this
tree downtown and leave it there until
Christmas morning because it's 15 foot
tall and we got to go get bulbs and
decorations the homeless people are
going to wake up they're gonna have a
Christmas gifts to open coffee
you name it it's just gonna be really
cool hopefully uh hopefully it works
just that way hopefully they come out
out of the homeless shelter there's a
tree with presents set up stuff like I'd
be cool so that's our goal for Christmas
morning early Christmas morning and I
gotta cut this short from Brittany just
text me she's not feeling good either so
probably kiss at each other we
contracted some
aids or some kind of flu have you
already made up believe me that I lost
my long hair because that's
excuse who would believe that even I was
even gonna say it like nobody's gonna be
mad but the real soldiers no I wouldn't
lie to you I got your back you got mine
it's not as not as true that I was so
genuinely upset that I lost that camera
and I hope hopefully I can find it
there's still hope that I can find it
but I don't know I love you guys thanks
so much for watching each day I know I
haven't been that good for you guys
you've been way more loyal to me that I
have to you but I'm gonna break it up
another month you gotta get daily vlogs
so I love you guys
till tomorrow dreams up put your hands
up that's it
