what's up guys Wow so let's just get
right to the point here I've told you
guys to leave the best comment on my
last vlog and I would give you I would
give you my vlog camera but here's my
question how do I read 13,000 comments
how how would I read 13,000 comments so
I've been reading through hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of
comments no matter how many I read
there's still thousands and thousands of
thousands and thousands left so I need
help obviously I need more time to look
through these but how would you guys do
this do i I mean there's so many amazing
comments there's no way that just one
person deserves grand prize so maybe you
guys can help me out I'm gonna need a
couple days for this I'm sorry I do how
would you guys do it if there's 13,000
comments on your video and they're
almost all worthy of the prizes how do
you do it Brett you know I'm making
Christmas cards for people Dane does
make one where's canes did this all by
yourself
do you make that you and mommy okay is
it taking over I'll just go back to my
nothingness
brands up put your hands up
that's it all right
give me five Iron Man Ellen yeah peace
out
just drop knowing Kate off at my mom and
dad's we are gonna go Christmas shopping
for a little bit have some fun in them
busy stores fight the fight bloody
bloody yeah but uh you know whatever
make them kids smile in the morning this
is what happens when you wait last
minute to go shopping but nervous man
ah said that that's what this before no
you can take that with you today homie
my name is Robert Robert Robert
immediately comes up to me and complains
that I don't vlog enough so I'm putting
him in my blog to do a shout-out to my
mom how's it going mom yep my girlfriend
gave me so you watch the vlogs and the
prize yep
what's your favorite prank like that hey
man see your ham is good I got so much
 for the hey man right no I actually
like what it's too far yeah putting all
my fans in the vlogs today so you guys
are all in all right
she'll take a picture or we can all get
in and have some real say pictures what
feels good to get out of that wicked
busy Eastern we're at Easton everyone
know how those were Easton is we did
terrible it's it's almost it's 11:30 and
we did terrible the only thing we did
tonight was make a lot of fans happy
yeah I can't I didn't even start
recording fan still halfway through the
night I was like I start recording these
sisters it was like going to a meet-up
holy crap first thing that someone
recognized me yeah little bit like
Austin Powers you're too young for that
you know 14 Austin Powers
anyway it feels good to get out there
we're gonna go to eat luckily our
favorite restaurants in Fertile - I had
no idea it's not a favorite favorite
restaurant is Outback Steakhouse
that's my hands-down Outback Steakhouse
Britney like smoky bones that's where
we're at right now
I don't like ribs anywhere else smoking
bugs is the only place I eat ribs the
only place
like she does like her meat smoky bones
okay so uh what would you make me mad
all right so I guess I got mad actually
dentist prank Matt before in one of our
videos then the jitter prank so he came
up and said what's up he's a big fan
yeah you too nice meeting you is 1:00 in
the morning it's time to go to bed
Britney still wrapping presents
you got a lots of wrap you know look at
these these are for my brother's my
brother's kid their slippers that you
wear on your shoes and make dinosaur
footprints I think I want a pair of
these yeah they do fit my foot actually
we should have just we're supposed to
get 70 mile-per-hour winds tonight at
the house that's like welcome to Ohio
hey welcome to Ohio 70 mile-per-hour
winds we have to store today you know
there's alarms that go off on your phone
for the weather everybody in the stores
would want it sound like the end of the
world it's horrific anyway we shouldn't
just put these all through the yard and
not told the kids about them I might
keep these Bigfoot for like what three
hours yeah Noah thinks Bigfoots real and
Owen the neighbor says it's not real
that's retarded I could get a Bigfoot
costume oh no it doesn't even want to
sleep anymore because he thinks
Bigfoot's here cuz we got woods all over
our house woods man all right guys you
probably kill me cuz I don't have a
winter pick yet for the vlog camera but
I am NOT picking a winner yet because
there's just too many awesome comments I
want to find at least narrow it down to
ten unless you guys have a better way to
do this I almost feel like there's so
many great comments
feel like it should just be like a
randomizer and I just picked someone
because it's not fair
every time I do a contest you guys
remind me why I don't do contest cause
it's impossible to pick a winner
possible and then I feel guilty no
matter who I pick I feel guilty for the
other 13 thousand people that left a
comment a sucks
alright guys till tomorrow
just smile more now forget about
tomorrow more right now love you guys
that's my war know you didn't move at
all what's up Mike he's ready to drill
into my chest
