sup guys I know it's been a while but I
gotta be honest with you I got I just
got to talk to you every time I get back
from a trip a film trip la I just shut
down it's like naturally I just shut
down hang out with the family here with
this little guy
and it's just so difficult for me to
keep on the camera so it's it's uh it's
it's just new for me still but I'm gonna
make it up to you this week guys I'm
gonna do a giveaway at the end of this
video let me fill you in on what we did
we took the boys on a train ride
here's that good morning guys today we
are going on an adventure we are taking
the train train looks a little unstable
how are we going to make it oh it's the
one behind this one right he's gonna say
this does it look like you're gonna see
out of the windows
this way choo choo choo choo choo - all
right so wasn't this train that we're
riding this one was pretty beat-up
it's this one
right they got marshmallow hot chocolate
take up copper chip on that one okay are
you excited to ride to Train
therefore chocolate Elmo's ready is
ready to ride the train cane all right
he is the Train look who decided to show
up
ha ha ha hey breakfast was totally worth
it man I like a king I actually just
recently heard that this is a two-hour
train ride with no restroom no restroom
all these kids gotta go no way I can't
even go to Paris luckily you can just
roll down one of the windows and go yeah
yeah you ready ready ready where's Noah
he's all the way up there
Wow bench
bloody currently thirty percent thirty
thirty percent visibility ii support
expressive nice yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
no just a warm rainy bag of chips
he's like Fonzie I just posted the
picture to Instagram and Kane loves
looking at himself who is that with that
right there
and hair and there so we out of here
Santa Claus just showed up she tap his
shoulder he should tap his shoulder all
these kids waiting see the most southern
Santa Claus immerse me he's sounds of
cheese in one you guys want to see Santa
hey come up here you can see the Noah
just went with Gilroy and his kids to go
eat we weren't hungry so we stopped in
this uh rocky boots and Cain found these
red cowboy boots that he will not take
off are you digging on Cain okay what
are you wearing yeah I know he's having
a hard time walking alright we've
settled on a pair of boots these are
pretty sick assume Cain are you gonna
wear them yeah
- oh my gosh what are they what are they
supposed to be snakeskin I can't get
this sleeping on you know
I'm just off now to do another tattoo
well actually I'm just filling in my
tattoo it's taken this is be my third
session I didn't show it I didn't show
my last session because it was so much
 don't get tattoos get tattoos
don't get tattoos I figure I just leave
it out you know whatever but I don't
bitch about other people's tattoos
because tattoos are very personal it is
just I never laugh at somebody else's
tattoo because you know it's for that
person it must mean a lot to them that's
why I get them I love I love my tattoos
because they're there just for me you
know and I'm not getting them for you so
so uh anyways Wow am i ranting right now
I think I think this is a rant now this
is the new ranch and anyway guys now I'm
just going to do another tattoo session
so uh I'll show a little bit this time
how's that how's that just for the
haters just for the haters I'm going to
show you some tattoos I got just enough
time to jam to some MGK no he didn't
move at all sup Mike oh he's ready to
drill into my chest a little more yeah
he's usually drilling other places on
I'm I'm relieved today the chest is
painful it's painful more I thought the
one around my shaft of mine was bad but
this is I thought when I got the
Constitution on my penis that was the
worst one this is what ten times worse
than that
I have for all the haters out there
shit's looking dope it's gonna get
better it's so mad man
hands already funny yeah oh god it was
so good oh they're not not really a lot
going on we uh we just been hanging out
I'm telling you guys we are about a
month and a half away from everyday
vlogs it's gonna happen but it cannot
happen for another month and a half
beginning of February ish what did you
get hey gang chocolate yeah chocolate
yeah no fun is there a popsicle boss
something hey don't you go throw that
away I'm serious guys we are only a
month and a half away no more of these
four-day gaps between vlogs we're gonna
do it Britney and RI the kids my
traveling the trips huge things are
happening we're gonna get back to our
roots here when I started this channel I
did giveaway so let's do it right now
the best comment on this video maybe
it's funny maybe it's how you make
people happy maybe it's something you
did for somebody a cool story whatever
you want maybe it's why you watch my
videos the best comment on this video is
getting my vlog camera the exact camera
I'm filming with right now I'm gonna
give it away
keep in mind this is the same vlog
camera that's been all over the country
with me Dennis is logged with it
Batali's vlog with it tons of people
have manhandled this camera so it could
be all yours
best coming on this video go get it guys
I'm also going to do a top 2 so the top
comment gets my vlog camera and the two
best comments below that get small more
t-shirts I'll email you and figure out
what size you need at your address
anywhere in the world I'll ship the
camera anywhere in the world I'll ship
the shirts have fun with it guys blast
the comments this is this is me making
up for lost days you guys checking
checking your feet and I'm not there I
love you until tomorrow I think there
will be a vlog tomorrow
it's always a mystery but we're getting
close to everyday vlogs I love you guys
till tomorrow mama I don't want to go to
Ohio because it's a song
these guys are gear
