thanks for the peace out man
I'll see yep see you on the
flippity-flop all right we're Ohio bound
which Miguel Eddie is awesome incredible
I'm getting good time and a great
tension that's an Aussie people too yeah
I don't want to go to Ohio cuz it's all
hey what's up these guys are gear
they're on our flight out here as well
come on back to the freezing cold
together I was good well dude we made it
to Columbus back home quick little round
trip e la will be missed as always cuz
it's warm
Wow least we got snot a plan I won't be
playing in it thread up Brittany side of
the family's Christmas party tonight can
I get a flat tire in the driveway
so as Gilroy is always saving my ass
we're here to find a patch can't we just
put a bandaid like a look I got me it
just patch it you have to get inside
I want it why can't you just chew some
gum and put it on there I'm telling you
the work yeah
can we just this is a tire plug kit
mm-hmm all right should we get some
sweet end caps for the wheels some
ballast and LEDs some slim shadey tire
covers let's just get this tire
efficient
luckily in Brittany's family half the
household is mechanics so like let's
prop that up pull out tire off take a
look all I had to do is come get the kit
look at this beat somebody death and
light them up at the same time it's
police security that's how they do it
several fish yeah that way you can see
the the beaten body while you're hitting
them this is uh this is our night right
here what
the ground is so I think they get does
justice leave this Oh
that's Ohio everybody welcome to Ohio
take care all right here's our hole yeah
we're gonna stick it in oh yeah
tires are so bald man I'm just pushing
in there you want some Lube need some
help oh yeah oh no you want it oh you
guys ever need to know how to patch a
tire this is it there's no way I'm gonna
make it home ah that cover it over just
do a stripper there strip on the other
side
just gotta get my spinner my spinning
wheels back on there we'll be set yeah
we'll go I really should have got some
spinner hubcaps while I was at the store
dear should I put them on the car it's
sick
hey what are you doing good daddy came
are you think are you the ski ninja what
are you guys doing it's the biggest
pinkie train alright guys I'm back home
not a lot of time to sleep I gotta get
this vlog up and oh yeah I wanted to
bring up anybody that was offended by my
vlogging yesterday with the the guy in
the restaurant or the guy in the store
they got real pissed at me for vlogging
anybody that was offended doesn't follow
me I don't know even while you're on my
channel that's something called vlogging
with strangers I've done it forever
and I'm not just gonna show the happy
people I'll show whatever reactions I
get I show you're offended then there's
the unsubscribe button so you don't have
to follow me this is for the true
soldiers ah I'm just kidding don't leave
don't unsubscribe I need you I come on
you know I love you guys I can't please
everybody no matter what I do no matter
what vlog video prank
you're gonna offend somebody so remember
the fastest way to fail is to try to
please everybody so if your youtuber
just make your videos and enjoy it man
just do what you love don't worry about
it
like you guys told me don't worry about
the haters you told me that so I'm gonna
get this vlog Don and up
it is short this is a short vlog but um
like you guys always tell me short it's
better than no vlog at all so here it is
love you guys till tomorrow
oh yeah tomorrow we're going out taking
the kids I'm back home so I'm gonna take
the kids on a train ride but and I
booked this train trips like
away I don't want to get out but you're
coming with me
so you have to come I haven't even drank
tonight I just feel good man I'm happy
happy you guys are here with me right
now
love you guys till tomorrow smile more
what happened someone was filming in the
store what suit what ticket sure yeah
yeah what picture why I'm writing about
you for me why
