well this is gonna be fun
are you sure you got the right guy oh
yeah because you sure you weren't
sitting over there by that blue barrel
he promised me like remember they
promised me over by that blue yellow
pole that it was gonna be changed even
where I was sitting there 35 mile an
hour you passed three speed limit
science and 35 even by that blue duck
that was over there what blue does that
blue ducks it's by the yellow pool by
the garage door I don't even what you're
talking now give me your phone number
here I could have swore that there was a
blue van over by that yellow station
wagon with the green the green flying
dragons
I don't even where you're talking about
there's none where obviously there's no
green dragons where you're sitting you
make me crazy smile more yeah you
smiling hey you want a race
come on let's race let's go
