good morning we're back in Ohio steal
the rain how do you throw school back
this is one of the first times I've ever
seen it rain in LA actually lasts just
like the last four trips
I don't remember rain just got under the
set for today
get ready shoot actually Dennis and I
get the hosts today which we're really
excited about lots of cameras so we are
very early on the deal with it set and
this is actually where we'll be sitting
the cameras aren't even hooked up yet
but these will all be look at that Robo
these will all be visual to us we'll be
able to watch the whole scene look they
are own and then we'll be talking to
drop is that me look I'm Steve Scuba
Steve damn yo they use to type of like
major camera sony this is their sony ps3
and then i want to show you their cannon
this is their cannon and as bad so any
time of the day you can come out here
and get you a snack pops drinks chips
apples but it's early and this is one of
my favorite things to do maybe you guys
do this - do you ever do this i do so
it's a pack but this is actually
Britney's favorite and it's a pack of
hot chocolate
with a cup of coffee so you pour it in
and then pour your coffee in that's half
and half know what that's called
ten like our lemonade in Jack Daniels
you don't know it's called but it's
perfect so we got a first-timer with the
hot chocolate and the coffee dennis
mother-effing roadie did I have a
problem I just drank it all was it good
so good it's the best coffee of the red
Duke hot chocolate pour the coffee in
stir it up done Catering is extremely
rough at the ADIZ what do you think
yeah this is hard I mean this is hard
living waffle syrup you have a kind of
craft serve chili yeah if you ever heard
a windy McDonald's yeah that's all scrap
services it no that's where we have to
go to them up what's up bad though yeah
hey this is Theo by the way usually
actual host up with some guys and happy
to have a great guest host today right I
hope we're doing all right that I can be
fun I don't give you guys ever prank
people before this will be my first
encounter with pranks in general cool
man it's uh it's kind of a it's a
slippery slope I'll teach you okay cool
Nick Cannon yeah watching my pranks what
do you think did hilarious stuff I'm
gonna go do that to someone today
you put out one a week try to yes cover
if you have another surgery nah man we
had pizza that America I'm the sound
mixer and now sitting in my cart waiting
for the action to start matter we didn't
make any mistakes and you'll make sure
that all the mics on the set are perfect
I want to make sure all the lights light
up that's my job
they go out I get in trouble nice it's
about to go on and my name would be
Wendy Wendy still in my makeup because
you have to have makeup I refused I
kicked him screamed the whole way here
but they said I'm too ugly and I have to
admit you said it well I just need to
way of making a living yeah that's what
we just have to put makeup on you so I
can have a beach look but honestly not a
nobody's never had heart of darkness
it's my first this is the first week uh
parties in my virginity right now and
this is Howie
Howie's personal make the party yes so
I'm pretty honored you guys how do I
look
can you see it alright don't even cheese
I look like a Barbie can totally look at
he looks a week he looks beautiful that
face the like this you can see inside
gorgeous right like a male-model
think of me outline blue steel is the
time to make up what was your name again
Sam Sam it's taken care of me she's
she's touching me everywhere I got the
best job ever we are almost ready to go
on they call it the love drug okay guys
I just want to show you real quick what
it looks like now that we're about to go
on and this is this is what vo myself
and Dennis look at the entire time we
get to see all the cameras in the
restaurant
we're dealing I'm saying I don't know
where I'm at alright guys I can't I
can't not allowed to tell you what we
did but this is the aftermath and we're
shooting it for deal with it on TBS and
we'll be on there I'm super excited to
be on a big network like that but this
is absolutely insane and I promise you
guys I'll let you know exactly when it
airs because of course I want you guys
to see it I'm really proud of this one
it was absolute riot the show is no joke
like um I've been doing this a long time
and this is really shocking it's good
alright guys just got to a little place
called yamato yamato japanese restaurant
and finally you guys are here I've been
waiting for like 30 minutes and uh well
I guess this dates not gonna work out
this isn't gonna work out for me either
place is cool
they got the Christmas spirit going on a
nice little bar is this our table
oh you hooked it up my man yes thank you
thank you thank you I said are you ready
here's your finger - patient finger Oh
Shoaib stove stove get out he's making
us see a smile more smile more logo told
in La oh my god I think it's this warm
in Ohio we are white why'd you bring me
out here I don't know it was worn before
you came I'm right this is like I went
to Canada just for laughs inviting us up
to Phil we get there middle of a
snowstorm blizzard dude then I cannot
normally like this remember though you
know we got there there's a guy riding a
bike all right guys I'm back in my uh my
little my little bunk bedroom
I still can't get over this room do you
guys see it yesterday's vlog going to
show you here it's inside the kitchen
hate you didn't see it yesterday
peekaboo Oh peekaboo Oh guys what a what
a fun day so fun
dude I loved it every second of it call
it a quick night not doing anything
we're actually just gonna edit this vlog
and go to sleep
gotta get up there the airport in the
morning go home see the kids probably
poop once or twice through all that so
if you want to see more of our days yes
Alex actually just started a vlog
channel and he gets to do awesome stuff
every day I get to fly out just do
awesome stuff whatever I'm invited so uh
if you want to see some killer vlogs
he's gonna start doing it more than me
hopefully yeah I'm trying to be doing it
every single day so if you're interested
I'll put a link in the top of my
description go check out his vlogs he
also vlog today too so you get to see
the same day I had from a different
perspective to go check that out go give
him some love show him who the revered
soldiers are you guys are pretty
powerful squad pretty powerful to you so
I love you guys until tomorrow
smile boy got to the set with the
legendary legendary Amanda people call
me Howie the number one franker on
YouTube well it's the number seventh
franker on television
