some at the airport right now wait to
get on my flight and I think my kids are
starting to believe that I work at the
airport because that's where they take
me that's where they pick me up back to
LA here we go we're supposed to get four
to seven inches of snow today
and I'm leaving mate at La oh man Alex
picked me up yeah and I did two hours
late
Victor's late not my fault snowstorm man
tell me that uh tell me a story about
the tweet oh uh so Britney your
girlfriend tweeted me to make sure to
take care of you because you're
priceless although I thought she wrote
princess I said don't worry I'm gonna
I'll take care of your princess but I
will I'm gonna treat you like a princess
- she said about that alright guys where
we're at right now is a set of the the
show deal with it right
yes that's it and you are what part what
do you do on the show I co-host when
when there's not a celebrity co-host cuz
I'm apparently I'm not a celebrity
that's what they tell me
no this guy's actually filmed my Seagal
video for me oh this cat now I get
credit all right just got to the set
with the legendary legendary Amanda
people call me Howie the number one
franker on YouTube well means the number
seventh franker on television I'm the
seventh big record so this is a we're
behind the scenes and deal with it
premiere
things in March and this the set as our
host Theo von and they're getting ready
to set up from here losers of writers
after pick Cohen is it big bro pranks
through we're all pranksters lots of
equipment guys this is like in front of
our directors and a sound makeup and we
have all eyes guys operating Robo
cameras see it's all a remote control do
it show much it what do you want to see
her way she's following an actor there
do you guys got the best job in the
entire world
this is this is insane absolutely insane
to me
I'm used to a one camera one mic
operation you're doing well with and you
guys just light in my life ever
wow this one the funnest games I've ever
got to play right here and this is a
live camera that I can control with this
joystick you can zoom in I'm not very
good with it guys but
oh yeah okay and you're hosting right
now so I get to watch you okay and tell
everybody who you are
hi I'm Jill Wagner from a little show
called wipeout she's not she dosed
anyone knows that my freakin kids
everybody loves me you know what I feel
like someone should get me back I feel
like with this show and Punk'd and you
know what wipeout and the show and
Punk'd I feel like isn't it my time it
is it might be it might be how are you
um I was on for a season what was the
first sketch performer I did it did
Katie home was before Tom Cruise yeah
did Katie Holmes high haunt me all right
so we're walking out of the set it's the
end of the day it's uh what an awesome
awesome place
Wow I love that set up I'm used to one
camera operation one mic cameraman and
just running the streets so that was
experience tomorrow I actually get to
host the show with uh with Dennis and
actually Nick Cannon's a host tomorrow -
I'm excited to meet him because I love
Dave Chappelle he was he was a big part
of the Dave Chappelle show end up by the
way he went are gonna have the same
vlogs today because every time he pulls
his camera out I pulled my camera I pull
my camera he pulls his camera out and
it's the same exact damn same exact
camera say hi to the camera
huh how you guys doing
thumbs up there yeah
all right you what the hell is this hey
on its free board
what's with the wheels on the wall I've
actually never seen that no huh
I'll show ya so it looks normal ice on
the ground like right it's meant to feel
a skateboard like snowboards and check
this out
whoa no way oh my god that's the state
let me try it it's hard to get used to
anything just the lien yeah you don't
leave you stay like a snowboard you
wouldn't lean you just move your back
foot he'll walk down get some drinks
coca-cola to mix with other drinks let's
see if anybody wants to vlog with me
maybe somebody does i want to vlog with
you
you're bogging with yeah and when we're
done drinking coca-cola we can play
board games oh now you're talking just
got to the store with my mother and
we're looking for ice cream no what kind
of UI now I'm just thinking okay thank
you each one all right what's this place
dong oh no my porno burger I suppose
pono PL NL bono burger supposedly has
killer burgers and the best lemonade in
the entire world you know what we got
Jack Daniels in that bad
Oh Jack Daniels in lemonade all right so
if you guys ever had a burger with
strawberries on it and yeah just
strawberries on it
give a shot you put ketchup on this you
bud right here
all right I'm convinced strawberries
I wonder why strawberries aren't on more
burgers it's actually fantastic it's
like sweet like a strawberry I love it
can't really see them now it looks nasty
it's a great burger with me both know
what would be good at miss lemonade I do
know I want to come for this - lets both
bloggers law exceptions yes we're both
fluffy long you know okay now we gotta
cheers Cheers
that's a blog cheers right there all
right guys I got to show you where I'm
staying tonight this is one of the
coolest things I've ever seen I'm sure
you guys will agree
so this kitchen is pretty amazing but
that is not the cool part this is the
cool part my bedroom I have a bedroom in
the kitchen where is a bedroom
nope you can not in there what is this
oh that's a fridge maybe maybe this
covered oh my gosh
it's a full bathroom with a toilet and a
shower and bunk beds this is my room for
the week
it's honestly the coolest thing I've
ever seen in my life
which brings me to this question who
thinks to put a bedroom behind a kitchen
I think it's pretty safe I would put my
kids in that room because anybody ever
came in a house the last place they're
gonna look isn't a kitchen cupboard all
right so my man did he just got here
with made you drink bro thank you Alex
bought the bottle I didn't mind oh oh do
you know your herpes out I can't drink
it damn it who doesn't never beat it
cheers everyone oh gee are these plastic
no they're glass that just sounds like
that cuz the ice one in my life hey only
cereal once I come back that is I
already did everything dude that's like
my favorite thing I've ever seen in a
house to the vlog today hey guys I'll
see you uh I'll see you tomorrow
wait lately smile more well anyways so
you know I had to stop I'm trying to end
my vlog but it's actually too dark my
looks alright really feeling this Pat
alright it's nervous bar/bat it's like
all the peanuts stuff Snickers bar
alright guys we love you we got to go
super fun day tomorrow we're gonna cover
everything on here hey you want to do it
you want to do it here alright guys you
know what to do it until tomorrow smile
more I've ever told you that
I'm real no though I got up who we are
