what do you got Jim yeah we're subway
hey what's your favorite or cheeto or
Dorito
jido
is this what your favorite is this one
your favorite yeah both your favorite
ferony
is the best sub a subway yeah I get the
Italian VMT
every time Brittany gets the turkey
plain turkey
Oh what are you eating
I check
oh my haters and showing people your
seafood is that your dad can daddy have
a hug with your cheesy hands oh yeah
with cheese is our me in are you sweet
yeah booyah
oh man ooh yeah cereal breakfast lunch
and dinner
that wasn't the relationship I would
have cereal breakfast lunch and dinner
it's my favorite meal today what's your
favorite cereal so hard I like cinnamon
toast crunch is the bomb I like your
gloves those are awesome gloves get
mommy get mommy the boot buds you want
to go fast let's get ready
we blew Bobby away
say bye lovey juggle cane oh just got
the bum of us house where's dad uh
sleeping probably just got swept over
dad's house where there safely
there's no turkeys on the tables but
your dad did not watch her key
he said ham only today Turkey well I'm
feeling as ty is rude yeah
whoa you got it
you're totally jugular how long's the
Braxton nine months whoa you got it
that's awesome it's like that I do I
love it yeah what cool truck you've been
able to juggle since you were like five
with no help
Bravo man you do it oh yeah look at that
you can suck Hey look at that - that's
good he did it
hey go Gator
don't roll back down that's it Oh No
total fail knows been working on this
awesome little helicopter that you put a
balloon on and it worked right before I
got the camera or maybe get a little
boost
oh no fun muffin
that's definite
yeah sorry don't shoot don't shoot me oh
oh too hard too so now through Monday
you have until Monday to save 20% on all
small more stuff stickers t-shirts your
big order this I like this house so much
better without a kitchen table all you
have to do is Edgar Black Friday you
type that in with your order you say $4
every 20 bucks you spend right that
would be right so if you spend 20 bucks
you save eight bucks I don't know it's a
low Ascenta for you guys just trying to
hook you guys up but guys it's really
all I got for you today I got two things
for you number one if you have a YouTube
channel and you make videos I'm gonna
put the guy that created my intro for
the vlogs channel the prank channel I'm
gonna put his info in the description if
you want an intro built I'm doing this
just as a favor to this guy he's 17
years old and he's super creative he
makes these without any help you just
tell him what you want the title to say
and he builds it so it's a shout out a
special shout out for him I tried to
hook my fans up and this kid is awesome
at what he does so if you want one
his infos in the description hit him up
number two all day today and all day
tomorrow you can enter Black Friday in
the smile more store and get 20k he's
got a boo boo you can enter Black Friday
all capitalized in the smile more store
when you check out
I'll take 20% off your whole order hope
that guy I hope that helps out a little
bit that's all I got for today
I love you guys until tomorrow smile
more okay it ready
ah all right guys welcome to a fantastic
prank I
