what's up guys the only thing I got to
do today just one thing I got to figure
out how to pull off an epic prank on my
family and they're coming over tonight
for Thanksgiving dinner but I have a lot
of excuses I have to come up with number
one we have kids
cannot be here we can't have kids we
can't have kids at the table so we got
to make excuses or the why the kids
can't be here who has the kids blah blah
blah that's one of the things that
you're working on I have to cook a
turkey still Brittany's working on the
kid issue while I go out and figure this
prank out what is going on with all the
snow what is going on Oh big plans today
we are gonna have fun I'm getting ready
to meet up with Daris
I haven't seen Dennis for
three weeks almost a month probably so I
was just telling everybody I haven't
seen you for almost a month dude once
again I'm on my phone it's like what 3
or 1/2 this is this is how this is how
I'm greeted just come on ass fur it's
funny we have a whole entire
conversation we talk we catch up have a
blast at the moment we take a break and
I'm on my phone I'm about to leave I
start bloggers that video we're working
on right now guys I don't know
you thought anniversary prank was 32
million
how's it going on man yeah he's uh he's
the mechanic he's the Wiz so he's going
to be the brain surgeon in this
operation look at these cars
this beaut right here is still
salvageable so what are you gonna do err
hopefully pull the airbag out of this
thing and have it live on indefinitely
on the internet but luckily the steering
wheels already not connected to anything
so I can move it around now it's just
finding the bolts need to be pulled
keep the airbag out Daisy oh look at the
brittle ah that's cool man so what we're
looking at here well here is where it
gets a signal you have the igniter are
the inflator in the back and then
crammed in there is the bag Wow the gets
the signal and the inflator inside the
inflator chemical reaction happens ends
up releasing crapped on the nitrogen and
a huge pulse to puff out the airbag all
happens in about a tenth of a second
just got Noah from school dude tell
everybody what you were gonna do to read
along well can I just do it cuz you've
already told me basically he was gonna
tell me that he had school because I
didn't know I was gonna get up in the
morning do our routine and then I was
gonna wake him up and he'd say I don't
have school today I would be I would he
should've did it I wish you would have
Oh
ah alright guys welcome to a fantastic
prank idea we're not sure if it's a good
prank yeah Happy Thanksgiving
I got Dennis and Aaron our buddy who's
hooking us up he is helping us set an
air bag under our family Thanksgiving
turkey the air bag master so my family
what they don't know is that they're
being invited to an early dinner and we
are gonna have an air bag underneath the
turkey are you seeing videos people go
flying with these things so I have a
feeling this turkey is gonna blow all
right man let's rig it up turkey
pancakes the how many shots do we have
with this we have one shot making this
work spending these wires so we can run
them on to the table to the master
switch and the battery another funny
thing is is that all this food is
already out spread out here for hours
and we there nobody's gonna eat it so
obviously we're gonna blow this whole
table up but it's just funny that the
food my family wanting to know that the
food is old I hope not we gotta extend
this table out too you know the
highlight of my night was uh the air bag
had to be level with the table so I got
to build a Lego huh it actually makes it
perfectly level so excited about that
Negus alright watch the meter on there
oh yeah yeah I'm volts baby yep so
that's what we're looking for
it's apparently there is a good chance
that the airbag won't even go off and
that would suck if it's a bad airbag
because then I gotta blow it the whole
day's work ha ha ha that's what would
you do if you were sitting at dinner and
everybody blew up Oh Roman I don't know
what I pastor I get I guess we'll find
out what I would do I'm gonna be sitting
right here where you're sitting no I'll
just catch it my mouth
yesterday 35
oh are you real are you for real
shattered that butter dish oh it snapped
the whole table job Brittany yes here is
what I read Terran Dennis rigged this
switch so so easy for me to blow so I
thank you guys for cleaning up the mess
you made
yeah alright guys what a freaking
successful day you have no idea how
stressful it is preparing a prank that
can't fail had I done all that my airbag
didn't go off it was a complete waste of
time and effort and all the food was
unedible from the beginning the turkey
was really cooked but all the beads the
green beans the rules everything was
cooked hours before they even got here
so it was a complete disappointment I
love it I can't get enough of it i watch
this video over and over alright guys if
you haven't seen it and you're just
watching this go smash it go hit the
light share it just send it to some
friends for Thanksgiving I don't know
but I know you're gonna laugh at this
it's really funny
I think this is my kind of humor
borrowed stuff up so if you're new to
the channel and you're coming here from
the main price subscribe to this channel
this is where you see all the new stuff
and we have fun here so uh we love you
guys until tomorrow smile more that's
the first job it looks great I say we do
it I think it looks
Oh dad will you give us alright so we
give us a prayer yeah let's do it you
our dear Heavenly Father
