we go through the woods come on
good morning guys we're starting the day
off with a hike we're gonna go into the
woods who knows what's in there maybe
Bigfoot
you think maybe Bigfoot lives there oh
no I can't believe you guys that put on
coats
that's Bigfoot's poop
maybe well it wouldn't take long before
Zeus found his creek you got another
Creek Zeus remember at our old house we
had the creek Zeus would always play it
looks like he's got a new one how do you
think soos feels he's laying in the
water oh my gosh deuce this I don't even
know what to do with you this is the
cool part of the creek I bet it's
awesome in the summer when the water
fills up now your feet are all wet huh
exuse is a bad influence on these kids
we've walked into nothingness then
dun dun dun duh duh duh what are you
doing in mm-hm
I'm out there entertain the kids when
you play on your computer all night
please do I can't stop you kids are
still outside I'm about to place we call
duty ghosts' online well that didn't
last long I've already been overrun here
push this one there you go
push it you you are killing that wall
boy huh
hey shoot him yeah I had to come down to
check on the girls they've been working
for hours on orders geez Louise my
pajamas
how many more orders you got oh you guys
are killing the smile more store like
that's just what you've done today so we
really haven't done jack squat diddly
crap holy all day at all the pregnancy
it's a dark out
Hey we basically spun our wheels all day
so we are headed out we got to get some
things for the house and just get out of
the house you got these two monsters
back here so I got to stop by Best Buy
and get a new router because the one
that came with my house sucks so who
makes the best router in the world I
want a router that I can I can go
outside and it still works if I'm in the
far bathroom I have no internet anyone
you know your your Internet's being -
you have the fastest internet how are we
ever supposed to leave this here and
watch movies all night oh maybe just one
more got what we needed how the
Internet's actually gonna work work jerk
ah can't get in without my permission so
my dog was so bad today that he has
forced me to buy a hose I have to wash
my dog with those he's too big he can't
come in the house like that so what
should I get these are kind of cool what
are these I'm good this is a coil
spacesaver you ready for the ride of
your life here we go
back home hi woody this has been the
laziest day amaura okay so no and I have
played this game ever since he was born
basically he has to trust me not to
tickle him alright lift this arm you
swear all right I won't tickle you
that's not part of the game all right
guys the kids are in bed and I want to
bring you all along on our what we do at
night sometimes this is the smile more
Dept and we are a buried up to our neck
you guys have blown it up the girls have
already done this today which I don't
think you can really tell how many is
there and then all of these still have
to be done so each one of these has an
order
so we're pretty much down here until
4:00 in the morning so we got a new
product in and I I'm so embarrassed
about these so the printer the guys that
print over shirts messed it up
completely and they printed the the
white on the camo and I think it looks
awful in my opinion these guys don't
seem to mind it too much I wanted it to
be like camouflage she could barely read
it so I need your guys's help what
should I do with these should I should I
give them to the homeless should I sell
them really really cheap to you guys
should i I don't know what to do with
them so I need your help
I just want to show you guys in
perspective how many orders we've had in
the last two days all right
these are all orders
how many is that
there's no way to even see it okay
another box all these envelopes more
over here I cannot wait to watch you
pick all those up and put it back in
I'll pick him up I'm proud of these
orders look at all over you guys are
killing it I don't even know what to do
I don't know how to get these to the
freakin mailbox
oh yeah it's 1:00 in the morning we're
still not done if you need a bigger
mouth good job team that was a lot
there's a lot of work yo take your
little take your little animal home this
is my rag doll my thing he's a kid but
he really isn't he is out passing out
he's yep all right dude thanks for all
the help tonight man I'll see them out
all right guys that's it for today this
vlog was absolutely pointless randomly
just completely random today I just it's
one of them days I didn't pick up the
camera when I was supposed to and I got
a little lazy today so it's Morrow's a
new day bring up the motivation and uh
what Brittany said don't film me I all
right guys we love you thanks so much
for hanging out with us you guys are
absolutely amazing you destroyed our
smile more store yes you have destroyed
the like buttons on our vlogs you've
just you've just taken it so much
further than we ever expected do you
love you thanks so much for coming along
with us each day we will see you
tomorrow and just smile that's it
it's more smile even more in there yeah
all right guys we love you see you
tomorrow smile more so I mean okay so
there are videos out there that you have
an upload like what some stuff that you
haven't uploaded oh boy clear we did one
that didn't take off very well where he
dressed me up as a girl and had me
underneath the hood looking like I'm
legit in a miniskirt in a blonde wig and
a dress me up as a girl he looked hot I
was bitter
