good morning guys it is hot as fire hot
as fire just had to get some breakfast
right now start the day out right and a
prank today big prank all day today I'm
uh I'm in cameraman yeah Britney first
time cameraman here see how she does I
got a really good idea it's a beautiful
breakfast sausage bacon and eggs french
toast and a little little triangle
watermelon you're always waiting on your
food I always get my food first thank
you little Pizza Pizza Pizza s fresh
mozzarella that was it look really
interact Brittany's not a breakfast
person
I can eat breakfast every day I'm one of
them guys that you breakfast at dinner
if they have it I love it I almost ate
it all yeah it's actually lunch so
here's what's going on I have to film in
the water today
up to like my waist and I need a
wireless mic so in order for the mic not
to fall in the water I need to find a
hat I can mount the mic to and then hide
the wire but it looks like I need a
different hat is this one I need
something ties around my neck so I can
pull the Hat down and not worry about my
mic falling in the water yes this man is
all mine
he's all mine whoa I think I found my
outfit for the prank the beach is hoppin
it
it's happening it is happening let's go
down and play let's go down and play the
water
we got punched really hard in the eye
what pal
give me a blackout man all right we're
on our last day in Aruba or not yeah we
are say we're just gonna fly the kids
down for a couple more weeks oh I could
easily stay here forever you just have
to apply to get down I get nothing done
here though at least one week out of the
year yeah so what was your absolute
favorite thing about a rubra the tubing
was so much fun like I had so much fun
to be it was just like I thought I was
gonna fly off you were gonna fly out but
the snorkeling like the fish here are
insane like we usually have a saltwater
tank at home it's like fish milling
dream that we could put like in the tank
yeah and keep alive it's just a hard
thing everything Sun that's hard to even
say what my favorite thing was here I
think the UH the whole experience was he
saying
the constant Sun the people here are
incredible so happy so fun I'm so tired
at Nats photo maybe I should pick this
up when I have a little more energy Wow
 one thing we've learned about the
island is that all the animals will eat
absolutely that's enough they will eat
anything this cat
he's just dying to eat our Chex Mix the
ones that we got why he's so cute lovey
are chestnuts which by the way I think
feeding the animals here are like very
forbidden picked up lizards and the
animals the dogs of cats because they
just keep coming back and then there are
nuisance to the hotels and the people
but we're suckers for these cute little
gasps them the prankster on YouTube he's
on Aruba the first picture you posted on
Instagram I sent to them and we were
like where's that
it's a beautiful night on the island and
moombas like to hop it in place on
Sunday nights over here gonna treat um
some fans to dinner because they waited
on us at our hotel I don't know if
that's crazy or not but anybody that
takes the time to sit and wait for me to
come out of our hotel room deserves some
dinner
so let's heat it up all right Julie
Ramiro Ramiro but stuff our faces with
some hot delicious meat
she had to bring her own sauce I bought
it I use it up but really sucks right
now what it's her last night
Aruba but get to go home and see the
boys I know one of the most exciting
parts for us leaving vacation is our
kids I miss him so bad locaters oh my
gosh well no uh this is the night before
he left Kane was like insanely cute like
he was just so happy like you knew
you're looking at her yeah he's given us
guilt trip but the kids give us guilt
trip so it's definitely time to get home
- they're on a sidenote
Britney just pranked the out of me
I mean like severely chest pains pranked
me I tried to prank her you are evil
like I don't even know if I'm putting it
up yet on the main channel seriously you
have to I don't know if I'm embarrassed
Oh Jill she did she she under I
think you're gonna have to stand with
the kids down I had to go out and prank
oh you might be better than me I don't
know guys I'm not gonna say right now if
it's up or not I gotta decide if it's
even worthy it's embarrassing so you can
check the channel because this will be
up the same time if it goes up so
alright guys we love you until tomorrow
smile more
