you got Korra she ready to rock I see
you smiley now she's not you ready to
rock yep
give me five I am mommy you over here
get some movies movies for the car
without any movies and then that weird
you put movies in a car now so welcome
to the vlog guys we're gonna head out
grab some movies get the kids and go go
go cheer be yo-yo Leo the kitten enters
the outside life but there's a dog in
turn we're gonna go for a ride - he is
sweet dude what's going on with that
what is that
Tim the Toolman Taylor here how are we
doing
oh geez that's why you leave the build
and stuff up daddy I'm the guy for the
job I am pretty distracting was it the
was it the bicep so what was the
distraction why don't we set this up
that's it
here take it Keynes's sometimes a
futuristic space machine what is this
thing what's this big gray thing on the
back it's got like speakers but what is
this that's a car remote he's escaping
let me see it
can't open it you have two watts so if
you lose this you're screwed like you
can't no I mean I think I can control it
in here want to talk to you guys while
we're driving our minds we'll talk to
you guys about yesterday's video little
bird not only burped I got a bird you
guys absolutely hated yesterday's video
wasn't it wasn't like they weren't like
hey Roman
I know you wanted to try this great
effort but it would be great if you just
stuck the vlog and it was like dude kill
yourself
this is the worst video I've ever seen
in my misses like your careers over like
I've had a great time making that video
I enjoyed like I'm having so much fun
and then I upload like I did want to try
a new style I told you guys I want to
try a new stuff so I tried I enjoy fun
and then to response rip so look I tried
it I get it you guys don't like it if
you like these type this is a daily vlog
if you like this better give me some
love today because this is what I do
normally and I just appreciate a little
love today I stepped on me they step
they stepped up you know what I you know
you YouTube you have viewers right and
they're your viewers but man when you do
something I don't like you guys turn on
me in a sec I feel like this there's
loyal like there's there's some viewers
obviously I saw some comments that were
great and you liked it and you
appreciated me trying something new but
I get it I see the response we will
stick to daily vlog I mean look I just
wanted to try and it was worth a try
I did have fun and enjoyed it so I can
I'm not gonna say I messed up I had a
great time and that's what it was all
about me personally I had to mentally
just try this idea and I honestly told
me it was much different than what I
normally did
I think it was blown way out of
proportion or it's because we came back
from a big break so everyone was mad
anyway deservingly fine I'll take it
but but now we're back back so give me
some love guitars I I don't know what to
say there we go got the burp out and did
it feel like we're after I burp I'm
happy again let's just blah all right I
should be our motto right there let's
just look let's just flog Omega t-shirts
ready the ROC has a long drive huh don't
forget your purse it smell very core are
you getting your Moby Wrap
you're 100% she can't fall out
I can't believe it's alright I feel like
it was like yesterday I was vlogging
going to the Halloween store to get
stuff and now here we are again it's
already October ready to rock enter
enter if you dare try it on no Nathan it
actually is a good question how does
that work it's mystery mystery mask what
you gonna be for Halloween huh a baby we
need a thing of something like like her
stroller and me or like something cool
yeah well you could be a mom go check
out the boys so they got a lot oh my
gosh me and Dennis you still rent all
our costumes here back in the prank days
we would rent these like mascots and we
run around downtown Columbus that
actually does feel like another life
feels like year well it wasn't years ago
but it feels like forever ago that we
did that look at all these goofy things
banana Brett we could be Oreo cookies
matching what is it what is it what she
doesn't look like she likes it can you
can be a little Michael Myers ten ten
ten ten ten ten
your your mom for Halloween look we got
his outfit there we go we got some funny
stuff and this bag that I have to show
you when we get home and he's read I've
never seen anything like this even they
and there were like when I walked up to
the counter the lady she has been
helping me since before I barely even
had a youtube channel even when I
started to show and I walked up with
what I have in this bag she's like I
knew you just Cora was a rock star in
there
she didn't even he/she loves okay you
were pretty good too but always
wondering like in big cities like you
get stuck in traffic for a very long
time right you're on the highway let's
say the 405 Los Angeles it's packed
right you've got to go to the bathroom
now what do you do what he feeds half
full white systems and no no they don't
but they do not have that is not true
what do you do what do you do all right
a little halfway I think we made a
halfway home this time halfway before we
had to stop for Cora jump in mommy
coughing in the backseat doing mommy
things life on the road with a baby
imagine traveling right now like a
12-hour drive imagine that I want you to
imagine it okay
are you happy we're home huh how about
you amp you look a little cleaner today
you see Cora Thanks
home sweet home nitro and tucks come on
in you got to bring donkey in here we'll
have the whole party going on I don't
really want to try this stuff on you
won't go outside real quick before it
gets dark you sure you got your spoons
your Forks what about your cars
these are you guys it's what you want to
take let's go just ease stretch little
girl yeah before it gets dark we'll be
right back but I'm not ready for is fall
fall means cold weather so anti donkey
cord right here this keeps donking from
being up on a porch it gets dark super
early sooner
be darker like 5:30 here which is
terrible but it's beautiful
look at that sky is you know Oh remember
this was solid dirt look at this
boom look at all the grass get this was
completely dusty dry dirt before all the
rain I mean you gotta admit that's
pretty this was not here a week ago at
all none of that except the straw uh-huh
can you ready for the ultimate trivia
question I do not know the answer to
this at all where the heck does graphene
come from okay because we see all this
grass I don't see no seeds you can't
just like pull it up and there's a seed
other things have seeds watermelons
break them open there's the seed where
does grass seed come from so yeah we're
getting grass baby it's unbelievable
house is coming along now this is Kane's
little area that he's been digging with
spoons and forks and and digging out see
now we're gonna have to plant more grass
right there what is that an X is that an
X donkey hoof no I
okay he's got he's got like the whole
system - he's got his water hose out you
use the hose right and then you add
water I get the dirt losing a whole
process though best ones got to be the
monster truck right you go like anywhere
maybe we should build a like a slope
here so you have to go in from the Sun
from the sidewalk is this a parking lot
so roads are made right here boy
spoons and forks yep everybody knows
that pretty steep
yeah drugs our portal is not deep enough
we need more mud it's the mud bog 2017
Oh is he stuck he comes out of top
victorious into time amp come here dude
Empire you hear me what you got flashy
what no no give me like a what's your
boy that cardboard huh
give it to me come here come on give it
to me no give it to me
flare give it to me you know it's not
yours you know
Quinta said I'm storm trooper that's
what he wanted to be so that's me
actually went to be you wanted to be a
red angry bird didn't you and then you
changed your mind when you saw the
blaster guys I have to try this costume
on I I just saw it and had to get it I
don't think I would actually wear it for
Halloween maybe I would but it's just
ridiculous so here we go I've not seen
this I'm sure it's been out there like
I'm sure you Christ seen this but I have
not seen it as annouce oh here we go
this is an insane amount of batteries
all right look at this we all these
packs to fill full with batteries so
good thing we have a ridiculous supply
of batteries we have so many oh let me
see your suit what do you think what do
you think what do you think of Korah
being all grown up she's big now she's
not a little oh my gosh she got so big
so fast
she wants to play cane she do jumping
jacks chorus settle down settle down
mommy's trying to sleep no mommy's
trying to sleep Korra mom oh gosh is she
getting sick Cana help yeah I want to
ride a bike in that chorus out of
control there's a human in that baby
it's really hard right now his core is
actually sleeping and we're trying not
to wake her eyes the babies so I got the
boy version of this right so I'm I can
be I can be a boy baby and and Britt's a
girl baby maybe we have to do baby
things you know like who can crawl the
fastest car a peg cane you have to
change your diaper you have to change
that diaper it what is she doing is
she's sitting down Oh
nap time is it now you can do it you can
do it baby you got to learn how to walk
come on
nope you got a walk yep yeah good baby
good Oh careful with your head how's it
feel does it feel to be out of there you
just came out of a baby it's solely
opposite of what actually happened I'm
just saying that and challenge for him
with a boy baby and a girl baby doing
anything I think baby child's would be
funny but I don't know if there's enough
of them you know what I mean like you
got to do you got to do real adult
challenges as babies I think would be
Bonnie so tell us if you guys have any
ideas baby challenges I think that's a
great video hilarious yeah but you do
things outside ride bikes skateboards
I can't skateboard while I win that one
that thinks so big you could be in like
a full like safety suit inside and you
would even know you're gonna have scuba
gear on and go in the water oh my you'd
have to have scoot you're on Lily
how would you shush you like your suit
man I think you look awesome oh right in
the head are you sleeping in
stormtrooper gear uh-huh just in case II
the enemy comes in fun with you today a
little man oh yeah you got a suit I
don't know what big Angry Birds suit
I've been bike wearing that baby costume
right it'd be big and bulky now you're
like slick and agile you know I got a
question I had a lot of questions today
the stormtrooper sir they wear the all
the gear right they wear all the
stormtrooper gear but they get hit with
one laser and they're dead so what's the
point of the gear like if the laser is
gonna get you with or without the gear
why wear the gear no but I like a plan
if you have 20 questions with you guys
there's so many questions there I don't
know gosh McCain we love you we love you
boy okay so I got another question and I
need your honest answer do you guys
really prefer the laid-back just me
filming with my vlog camera or Brit
filming with the camera more than me
going out of my way to try to make
entertainment like I want you I mean I
think I got the answer yesterday
yeah because here's the deal this is way
easier for me like I can easily do this
every day
and edit it so fast I can edit these so
fast yesterday's vlog took me hours and
hours and hours to edit this I can get
done like boom done
look so if you guys really prefer this
I'm set we can daily vlog it up all
right like this is easy for me mentally
always want to create something right so
I'm like I just I can't help it
it's Who I am
person I love trying to like I can daily
vlog it's easy right but it's hard for
me because I'm always trying to make it
better than it actually is I'm trying to
make my day better than it actually is
because I want to have fun and I want to
make it entertaining right that's that's
a trick of vlogging you've got to
entertain you whether you think that's
not true or not as a vlogger we have to
entertain you guys catch up on a couple
things good on fries good on hot dogs no
let's catch up on a couple of things we
are weak to going to the gym like crazy
both of us we've been doing really good
at that feeling all good things while
we've been gone we've been doing that a
lot so that's that little catch-up
because I'm filming since I stopped
filming you wanna love you guys we will
see you tomorrow for another V log love
you guys so much we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you were one of a kind
you
