good morning soldiers it is actually
morning this time usually when I say
good morning is like 4:00 in the
afternoon 5:00 in the afternoon Jase and
I are headed back to 90 97 the Blitz
they want to talk about the arrest and
what happened
bla bla bla so I decided we would get up
early in go have a chat today's gonna be
awesome you know my friends the prank
guys Roman and yes they've arrested
crazy we got arrested yesterday I don't
know I guess we'll find out a little
more today at 9 o'clock oh they're so
nice though oh this is that fish Morgan
inside the Blitz the blitz palace what
up dude what's up man
man hey see I can hear your voice how do
you come in here with so much energy I'm
driving it I'm like I can never
entertain people in the morning this I
was listening to you doing helium
theater I'm like I could never do it if
it spurts it's so hard to get up today
and I just like yeah just die I'm gonna
go home from this and just yeah I talked
to looper at 7 p.m. he's like yes yeah
that's like yeah what did what was going
through your mind like were you with
everybody are you guys together in this
jail or worse were a whole unit I bet in
one cell you know no no we never made it
to a cell it was like hours in the back
of a cop car oh wow you don't need to go
inside I asked them I said what do I
have to do to go to jail cuz I dick I
would rather sat in the jail cells I'm
gonna see fun seat-belted yeah yeah the
seats that even recline that's all about
listen to this I have a Columbus police
officer I met Roman at a bar he's very
funny seem to be a stand-up guy
I enjoy his pranks no that's most of you
honestly that's most the officers around
and I really want to reiterate this is
that you're not doing this as any
disrespect to the police it's just that
it happens in the mix I mean like you
know in in opinions are formed so it's
not necessarily you got a look at intent
and I've never seen you guys go out with
any ill-will
anything like that I mean that's just my
personal view on all right guys we're
out of here real quick
Nike thanks so much for having us sure
man Oh luxury walk I can't handle it we
just installed this new elevator and
canoe at the station let's see let's see
Roman Atwood work it oh that's our me
staircase I'm sorry oh there there
elevator see it's awesome emerged on the
two main connect oh my gosh there's
rough waters rough waters that have
never seen guys in the same spot in the
front of the kenai now rolling at the
same time there's not that baggy weirdos
Oh God
I got pulled over by any copy this one
big bomb
big o some assembly required I'm just
going to take it in by yourself for a
while of course this side because I eat
so much shitty food that we did we do
very good on treadmill and you see they
are ATM we got our ATM from our Frank is
here at the house
alright Brainiac and how we going to get
it over there
we just need to need to get the front
end loader in here front loader dad you
got some sand are you having fun out
here it is a beautiful day what what do
you think is in here it's a big box but
what do you think's in there dude never
in a million years would I expect to
have to build this is that a water
bottle no way man it's like a million
pieces
maybe it's not as bad as it looks you
heard of a jigsaw puzzle oh man
no it's gonna be funded when it comes
with Lube that's just the most generic
bottle I've ever seen that's the mark of
an amazing product Lube limit we use
this later well that's all that's left
we got it built man and it works good
this is how I'm gonna train to run from
please this we gotta teach you how to
ROM air good job did see what I do
teamwork makes the dream work that's
right only open this box it was like no
way can we build that
twelve minutes later the whole thing's
built and ready to go
Cain's been begging me to come
downstairs all I keep seeing a
skateboard skateboard skateboard I knew
if I bought that skateboarder it used
what are you doing you're going down
let's see it come on Zeus hey are you
paddling out to the ocean
alright guys we just got something
really awesome
that was delivered here I'm so excited
about this I don't know why but what
could be in here honey this is so cool
what is it so excited about this it's a
suit they really look like oh
toothbrushes but smile or teeth brushes
other colors mommy good yeah green sky
fun
damn I love you Lucy
we got toothbrushes I think these are
awesome I love it you got to go if I'm
excited right now
yeah go my mouth just open one you got
to pay for that smile more so when I get
this excited it's straight to the car
straight to the photos man like this I
got to go on the website now I love
getting new products in especially like
something so fun as a toothbrush it's so
exciting to me I don't know it's silly
but they look amazing I can't wait to
get them up on the website right now
wanna Gilroy's Gilroy I hire Gilroy to
do all my basically work
anything I need he does it for me so I'm
on my way to his house right now to bust
out these photos and get these on the
website that's what we get me I walk in
the house and the Carson's scared me to
death
dude all right ma'am I'm so happy right
now we got to get these on the website
now we're gonna get them on the website
as soon as humanly
we need one main picture you like you
need a picture with this do you are you
gonna use it
yeah well it's yours dude you can have
it Carson you want one what's your
favorite color
all right so apparently I didn't bring
over toothbrushes I brought miniature
swords over
ah smile more swords is what I got you I
can't even get home yeah I can't even
take getting home seriously because
every time I walk in this is what I see
I see an ATM in my trash hey Zeus
I can't believe Kane already went to
sleep he was done for he was done for us
no there's a long day though his long
day I'm tired alright so I'm back home I
don't know like you guys got you guys
got a comment more smile more products I
love it cuz you guys you guys post and
I'm like I like that let's do that just
like toothbrushes we already to trusses
now I think these are absolutely amazing
and they're not cheap toothbrushes
they're like Colgate toothbrushes are
awesome alright guys that's it I'm
calling tonight I hope you had a
wonderful day
our day was good it was fun ah tomorrow
more interviews I got another another
radio interview and I'll bring you along
with that hopefully the smile more
stores updated by now by the time you're
seeing this I'll put the length the top
of the description go check out some new
stuff I love you guys
Zeus loves you guys we're out of here we
love ya keep smiling till tomorrow smile
more he's out again and this time ended
up in handcuffs man who makes his living
with pranks now arrested by Columbus
police only on ABC 6 reporter Maria
Durant talked with Roman Atwood about
his latest caper Bob the last time we
talked to Atwood his pranks were a
little more compassionate you can see
him here this is when he was
