what's up what's up what's up we want to
place called scramblers a little
breakfast lunch place never been there
but it looks good it smells good
so it's got to be good Gera scrambler
marries do is that Murray's Reed's well
the timer insulative that's not on the
tip inch oh I was like pigfarts first
Columbus I love coming to this city just
to pull pranks hey I think I'm gonna
change the name become franca so hyoe
instead of Columbus Ohio yeah you do you
can't get pulled over with no license
plate it looks like kind of like a
person did look at that it looks like a
guy an old man go we gotta drive about
15 minutes for one of that skate shop on
North High Street
you want to go let's go like it's so
excited place is awesome yeah I did all
right cool I'm gonna get a new board new
trucks new wheels we have a skate and I
was gonna skate official we're in a
garage in my basement all the base yeah
I'm just gonna do see have a little ramp
we can get one maybe they sell the
plastic ramps over rail or a baggage
drop in and your little of that little
thing yeah all right let's go all right
we're heading the skate shop nope no
work today just play so we could not
pull off our prank we suck today ma'am
actually we sucked for the last two days
fail after fail that's the prank
businessman most prankers most
pranksters would just put up whatever
they film but we only put up what we
think you guys will love and now we're
going to a skate shop buy skateboard so
we can play today just showed up at
Embassy skateboards man this place is
sick what are you gonna get what kind of
or do you want Oh get a good that's 8.5
yeah it's so awesome so I want to get a
board I want you to hook me up with what
you think best like my kids are gonna
play on it I'm gonna play on it I think
this is pretty fun crooked yeah you got
some Thunder trucks yeah and I need like
softer wheels something that's not gonna
slip real easy on the slick concrete
I recommend these guys bark formula a
little bit softer oh nice oh yeah he's
got softer wheels I'm probably gonna get
the same here we have so much fun and
I'll break my arm probably I'm gonna go
crazy
hey which one you gettin they're gonna
get the same as yours
no just wall you go yeah no I don't know
they're pretty similar once you get this
one with the chick on it dude that looks
like you thanks bro
no problem thank you all right it's not
some fun bit yeah
do they yep ah we're gonna go
snowboarding right now in the backyard
and I found my I bought these for Egypt
when I went to Egypt I gave me and they
fit yeah give me give me glows Harless
once though I'm gonna check Vitaly
did you like that oh my I was like oh
that's an awesome power slide nose first
into the ground like an ostrich did see
without even hate it's like all I
wanted to see just once just like
pancake oh hi buddy
hey oh that hurt got your favorite bra
hey honey hey hmm
you are so cool I got snot coming out
you got snot kiss you mellow skater boy
Zeus yeah I see what position was youth
for you last night
hey his pigs oh you know what you're
doing
that's awesome
oh why pal come downstairs do a little
skateboarding tonight
tally hasn't taken a beating that was
gonna be a nice transition no Batali
flipped out over my trial bites
let's see it did in the Ukraine day
always is ready yeah it's popular
that was wicked awesome that was good
though that was good you had so much
height it was ridiculous oh my god oh
yeah good Lots that's uh yeah anything
that I didn't get it right all right of
course I bet that for my life the whole
quest
this grout is so long gonna be so sore
too mom furious Pete just showed up hey
man I'm sorry I am I don't I don't know
what I should do here its stomach let's
just follow me that's uh that's the best
thing to do when you're sick we just got
to the Roman pad yeah smile more pottage
smile more pair of cousins I like that
yeah I'm not feeling well at all
Columbus made me seasick he went to a
restaurant I'm not gonna say the name
because I should say to me what the hell
was the name above the b1 the Italian I
have no idea they're looking out tonight
we don't leather now but he gave me food
boys had been sick all night yeah and he
came here to crash and get some sleep
before he head back to Canada tomorrow
that's right that's right just stay as
long as you want so
Talley doesn't try for you now you're
just getting ideas she's safe here bro
I'll show you guys what it's like to
hang out with youtubers what are you
guys doing trying to find these pictures
oh oh what are you doing
everybody just lives on their cell
phones I'm never ever on my phone you
never nobody would ever put your arms on
your camera if you're not yeah we're
Bioman your phone is on you know the
great greatest part about being an
editor islands for 80 years Bertram yo
guys what's up and then I'm seeing what
my soldiers want me to do that's why
and yeah snack pet it's like a nice
snack pack Oh always a case what is that
come here
mmm he put your pudding on a jelly donut
dude that's the best that's right be
back Wednesday all right eight miles of
poor Pete he's comes to a high outcome
hangout he's just so sick yeah you're
like a big polar bear like such a person
yeah stand up hmm I want to do a video
with them two guys two nutella's two
secrets the fastest I know I was up sex
we're doing rebreathers at Chipotle when
I was upset because I was gonna do 10
ginormous hot wieners
all right guys we're calling it a night
it's late it's 1:00 in the morning we
got to get up early in film big pranks
like always were always pulling big
pranks every single day cuz every every
day were like we're filming big pranks
were filming big Frank's butt every day
we're like we failed we Philly hopefully
Pete starts feeling better
Mitali nice shirt oh thanks bro it's
cute man all right we all love you guys
thanks for watching today we'll see you
tomorrow and be that more tally OSS be
sad wha we say smile we love you guys
oh it's mine that's mine
mom oh yeah
it worked we put one of those fake
hundred-dollar bills on the ground and
of course they're all gonna grab it
that's not your work we just got to the
