sup guys good morning we are all packed
up camera bag ready to go don't it up
with the decency it's finally gonna
happen we really have one day left to do
this if the video sucks
you don't know why we're in one day
various Thunder get the keys you got the
keys of Italia's so we can do whatever
we want
oh man what should we do should we do oh
really good idea I wonder what the
people well all right what would you
guys do to Batali's house if he was at
home and you had the keys what would you
do
ever that's not yeah
all right guys before every good prank
you gotta have a good breakfast we're
IRP to the famous Jack and Jill's is
where we always go the legend every time
we're in LA we come to Jack and Jill's
and we're gonna power up a little right
all right here we go this is more like
it man turn itto scramblers how we're
talking oh it's already together this is
there is talking about 30 meters 30
topitos remove the fan sir oh it did say
it have some mimosas cuz let's have some
mimosas just got the Venice Beach the
beautiful Venice Beach
I've never been here this early there's
actually it's not packed
you can never be too careful in Venice
we're never I learned by foot it's a lot
of toilet paper
I'll be by the title of guard you even
recognize the stage it's like a toilet
paper tomorrow hey your dollar this
looks a lot better
and you put a piece up here and now you
get to take a poop blue without getting
syphilis ah welcome to Santa Monica
grand theft auto right there man
disappear there is just nobody on the
beach I'm here
even a you're here okay although it's 80
degrees today that's cold
for people in LS they really just don't
come to the beach there are some people
I see some people so as much as you guys
think we are killer pranksters we do
fail that's a fact we fail failing
miserably is it's hard on the ego too
because I got a flight out tomorrow
morning so note no prank right brah Rory
give up never give up Brittany my
wonderful assistant she she made it
possible for me to fly out Saturday so
filming on the beach all day inspired a
new epic prank we're gonna hang out
tomorrow for you guys know if we would
have quit right away we never woulda
came up with the second brain that's
right she actually came up with our new
prank walking back to the car we've had
a plan for like a year and a half so now
we're finally gonna do it with the
Dudesons which is gonna make it even
better
that means we're meant to wait on it cuz
we're gonna add there we're gonna add
their mental craziness
welcome to now Peru but put in Stephanie
belongings getting really hard now
because I'm not allowed to show any of
my friends yes you get released inside
right I'll get my ball kick everybody
everybody says I make them look bad
tonight it's just gonna be me one on one
you may be able to hear them on it you
wanna just finish dead dead
that place was insane it's sick that's
so good or even a name hey it got a day
that's the same Jack and Jill has 90 out
of 100 - that must be Kelvin so we are
oh hey we got to go to the grocery get
popcorn we got stopping a grocery store
to a popcorn why would we need popcorn
big part tomorrow more they were big
fried tomorrow and we have pop one of
these now Kelly how was dinner
she's very good what'd you think of it
man so good that is unsatisfiable right
oh shit
water we go with that water man you just
scared the hell out of he made oh do
what happened a giant bag
and what happens a lot of like to get
here we need a ton a ton of popcorn for
tomorrow and all we can find is these
little bags and we're not time to pop it
ourselves we can buy the bags and pop it
but when I'm time for that you know what
I just realized
I just realized that this was born in
Germany he cop in - right Ali's born in
Russia was all wrong was booked in
France
I'll maybe only we have up we have a
really erotic fucking cute he just for
comfort I was born in Columbus Ohio what
was that
I can't showing you this yeah that's
love all right guys we've got to wrap
this night early is actually it's 11
p.m. and we all four of us have massive
pranks to pull tomorrow yeah very big
day in fact this time tomorrow night
we'll all be celebrating a massive price
and you guys be happy because we
actually have something for you to watch
so we love you come foo
we love you guys thanks so much for
watching again today I'm trying my best
to keep up but it's tough love you till
tomorrow
let's breakfast with the craziest guys
and I've ever met thumbs up
I'd say your piece done I give you the
other thumb as well
