good morning guys a little bit of a late
start today it's already lunchtime I had
to take no to school and forgot my
camera do you not want to listen to me
Batman
peekaboo Britt made some killer killer
lunch i mean turkey and cheese and
cheetos it really doesn't get any better
than that
what's for dinner pop-tarts did my
coffee and hot chocolate did you guys
try that yet hot chocolate pack hot
chocolate fill it with coffee pizza
rolls are good nah they're good
it's you good
awesome belt did you know that Zeus his
collar when he goes to the bar and hangs
out with the ladies are you blog in
point it up yeah there you go
you're doing it huh no all right so
Noah's at school and Cain stayed with
Britney's grandma she came over so that
we could run out for a little bit and
just look around we really have had
alone time since I was in LA forever so
we're just gonna go off browse around
look around take you guys with us
there's this awesome furniture store
that I'm dying to go to Britney's dying
to go to you huh yeah place is insane
I've never been inside at bath three we
were like looking through the window the
other day so we're gonna go there now
what's this place called your rope gyro
Pia oh my god they had the coolest stuff
here you're the owner
what's your name it crumb a crumb she's
from Cairo Egypt I was actually in Cairo
Egypt last year and she's the owner here
this place is so amazing they have the
most royal looking luxury home
furnishing
look at this bad Wow I'm completely
hooked on these vases like I've always
wanted vases on my like big oh I love it
these dressers well cuz we have a closet
this is just clutter but it looks
amazing I think we should get these
from my office yeah we needed today now
I'm gonna get a big night big soldier
we're getting some bait we're getting
some Voss's these look how awesome that
is well that was fun
we got the vases barely in the car
they're all wrapped up and they got
pillows all around them and we'll see if
they make it home we're starving now I
know I'm wrong these things right here
yeah we're trying to find something eat
now we're hungry always always you know
this vlog wouldn't be a blog without
food in it one day you're gonna turn on
one day you're gonna stop watching these
videos and come back like five years
later and we're just gonna be like 400
bucks no we're a smoky bones well now
that I like the bloomin onion I like
never used to like the look of that I
know now that I do it's like okay that's
good out you're a big girl now that's
why I always get these boom yeah and the
pretzels wider than easily wider than
you know I just got little wings
Brittany you're not gonna need all that
she got half her grandma but it looks
funny on the plate
we pay our babysitter's with ribs now
we're at Target we just walk right past
dinner I ate too much I really did eight
- hourglass I love these things
it's a black hour the worst part about
getting a new house is every store you
go into they have a million things that
you want in your house like mirrors
high-gain uh uh mo meter made a mess huh
yeah yeah are you gonna clean it up for
me yeah you are
yeah did you miss me yeah we did huh Wow
anybody thinks it's a big toy yeah
ah is that nice
do you like it what do you got cane
apples and pretzels and cheese are you
stacking them yeah oh darn just try
again Kate and I are just hanging out
Britney had to take her grandma home and
we just posted a new picture look
there's our new picture now he's just
going crazy you gonna run me over tired
baby
you're such a baby you're such a baby we
are on cleaner mode the house is trashed
huh Kayne are you clean in what are you
playing hold hands
alright we're really not getting any
cleaning done here what are we making
now this is not vegetables this is
heaven chips and cheese so once you're
in LA for a while I live with a bunch of
bachelors like Vitaly and Alex and it's
great they treat me like kings there but
there's one thing that I like about
being home that's about having a woman
in the house because look at this you
just don't see this I swear in LA the
fridges are there's nothing in them I
don't even know why they have fridges
our little fruit hanging banana oh yeah
that's pretty good
that is fruity I'm gonna get fat one
like big I have to I eat too much
everybody in the comments tell me I eat
too much so when Dennis comes over all
this is gone I've just started yeah
Dennis is like a hound dog man where's
the salsa all right guys we're calling
it a night I'm so stuffed up we uh
didn't do too much exciting today but
tomorrow's gonna be good I got a live
interview with the radio show here in
Columbus it's gonna be fun I'll bring
you along on that and let's talk let's
talk business let's talk business
all right guys we're gonna go to bed as
we're all tired nine-nine
all right guys all right guys that's
really all we got for you today we'll
see you tomorrow this is kind of a short
vlog we'll get it tomorrow I love you
guys till tomorrow mom or are you
smiling Zeus push them push the black
one yeah see if we do
we do
