what up soldiers it's uh it's a
beautiful day
last night was storming like a mother
why we trying to get that print done and
rained but we still got it daughter it's
up now as you know you've already seen
it I know you have and right now I'm
just headed to get Noah from school it's
Friday and we're gonna hang out man
there's nothing better they completed a
difficult video and then having the
whole next day just hang out with my
family my kids Brittney Zeus seems like
we're gonna post office every single day
now to ship t-shirts and stickers which
is insane thank you guys for the bottom
of my heart
it gives Britney something due to she's
a stay-at-home mom so now she has a
full-time job
got my man got my man how was school did
awesome you still stood her over month
how long does that last
if you don't know that and you're stupid
in tomorrow so you can hear this yeah
yeah just take it in the post office
over here working hard today you can do
it you can do it tell they built the
pyramids Oh
over here had to stop for a fresh soda
what's your favorite drink now uh mine
is Mountain Dew it's so evil because it
makes me sick
I still drink it mmm I like these teas
these sweet teas it storms so hard last
night our yard our trampoline
it's just Leafs loose where's your ball
cane cane do you want to make you want
to make Zeus go swimming yeah come here
let's do it let's make Zeus go swimming
we gotta fight we gotta find a big stick
are we gonna make this get in the creek
it's really full
okay you ready make him swim let's do it
okay you like I'm gonna cook a lot is
there poop on your shoe
let's see who can fold the best who can
who can do the best fall did you bring
the whole tree back come here is this
good boy all right another another
attempt at the front flip come on not
high enough for those of you that follow
us every day you know that Noah's been
trying to land a front foot for a while
I love sweet potatoes I love that shirt
- yeah Scott - my mom's and she made the
best roast oh my gosh why'd I ever move
out here yeah so kids tried candy you
don't like that candy it's candy huh mmm
grandma it's actually sweet potatoes
headed back to pick some apples
tell everybody what we're doing what do
you got hold it there cuz then it lights
up Oh hold it
you got more candy bracelets you get
these things
my dad's apple orchard this place is
full apples man so we pick them hey we
pick them all and then he juices up into
the best juice you've ever had in your
life you want to pick an apple all right
let's get one pull it pull it really
hard
oh okay put it in the basket good job
there's one load see you Noah
that's awesome what are you doing honey
we had a ladder he get up to this one
nobody else can get the best apples of
the world you guys working on you guys
look like chemists okay so pour your
salt in there honey
now what I did for mine you can do it
you can smell different things my mom's
gonna turn everybody into zombies
tonight you're 15 drops of that now this
is called lemon grass and it's real good
for body tissue birth this one yours you
can't go you're making peppermint
wintergreen you can't go wrong with that
so you put five drops in there are you
gonna watch it because it's very
important you don't put one five
congratulations
you just made your own vessel just like
what you'd buy at the store for taking a
bath it's healthy it's all the real oils
and salts say bye grandpa
bye bye dad bye bye
we'll see ya when I see ya those are
great shirt you guys hey you know this
guy you know this guy too you know it's
movie time
you ready for the movie yeah I said are
you ready for the movie can you wanna
watch a movie yeah all right guys we are
wrapping up the night kids are in bed
I'm about to crash for those of you that
watch the new prank thank you if you for
some reason you haven't seen it go over
there and see it it is definitely worth
a watch at least once I think you'll
like it tomorrow doing TV interview for
rude tube should be fun it should be it
should be fun but I love you guys thank
you for everything the support of the
orders you guys do too much for us we
love you till tomorrow smile more
so we are out filming a hanging prank
where I'm gonna hang right now I've just
mounted a noose to the center of this
bridge
