okay adjust that spot this Robledo know
it's kind of comfy just uh just hang it
around that's what I'll be doing if you
need me I'll be I'll be hanging around
all in the Columbus Police Department
they get desperate we can get they're
going to be on the residential side of
Ohio State University around 12th and
17th between that little residential
area
thanks man so we are out filming a
hanging prank where I'm going to hang
right now I've just mounted a noose to
the center of this bridge and I'll be
hanging in the middle of the road and
this is actually the same bridge if you
remember our Friday the 13th prank
we're vitally vitally came out from
around this corner and the two people
ran this is actually where that happened
but mounted a noose up here and we're
going to try to grab a shot where I'm
hanging in the middle Street which
should be instant problems
what the fear
you've got to go down exactly with our
on the road stop Criss crossing haha
harness
oh yeah no doubt feel right through well
your harness is gonna be Robin I mean
it's hard to tell talk it up err no
that'll be good I think it looks good
err that's gonna fall on you Benny oh no
this is like one of the worst things
we've ever done to people I would say
it's probably the worst I've ever done
this is pretty real this is very real
we are killing tonight trying to find a
new location I just got hit by a car
yeah that was fun
ladies come she stuck I heard it in my I
think I even said like is she gonna stop
or what yeah and then she just keeps
going and she hit me
like I even moved my leg for a second
like I thought she was gonna turn off
did you get it oh yes yeah loves nervous
yes oh no the car sounded like it was in
me did you hear her take off I saw her
take off the screen he was a tired he
was tires screeching we got the Columbus
PD behind us they're running the plane
why would they be behind us today what
they were doing absolutely nothing yeah
you drive by they go they goes that way
boys how do you do it our deal in spice
gilroy helping out a man with a donut
house that was a good thing to do the
world might have gone mad last week we
were serving up some homeless guys pizza
this week we're hanging from bridges
what is wrong with me
hahahaha we found a good tree house get
this beast up in there the harness yeah
I love you no no is it Dennis
here yeah oh I'm just embarrassed
but it's impossible it's up dog I'm done
alright guys so how is it now we can
film a print with us heading from a
noose not have any cops show up but then
we could like tickle people's ears got
full up you know what though you did
call it is called the Columbus Police
Department before we started filming
your car I got calls suppose hanging
themselves I don't worry about it
just a youtube video haha is now
officially rain really putting a damper
on the night we're gonna have to move to
indoor shots possibly we're about an
hour away from what they're calling
severe weather storms just try to get
this video done in an hour two hours the
rain is ruining the night via giant
umbrella under my umbrella ella hey hey
hey
Oh guys what are we gonna do let's just
get a huge umbrella Oh nobody will see
you will get a billy black when the
world throws you lemons you make
lemonade that's what I do currently
about to hook up all our ropes under
this apartment complex to get out of the
rain and hopefully somebody will come
out or into their apartments drink some
were filming in and Keith came up to me
and said he needs help consider worship
stuff back he needs help with some milk
and cereal so what up Keith hey how you
doing guys that was chilling gotta hook
them over some milk and cereal so it's a
classic situation this place has milk
but no cereal through the rain and all
we finished the video okay so food we're
pack it up we're heading the home so I
can edit right now get this video up
bright and early after every good prank
we like to celebrate with ice-cold
Kristi boy give me you can be any kind
of Drake hey but sometimes it's Pepsi
but we don't have it you're not always
prepared with a kit bottle oh you're
right
you can't just twist these mothers off
you can't this is it you can't twist
this one you're gonna take a lighter put
it underneath the cap there get a nice
and tight yeah it's pretty good tasty do
me do me
anytime do me take that not for the
folks at home chase what do I do if I
don't have a lighter
you're AFT in the a my only priority
right now is to get home get this video
done and get it online now like I want
it up now it's Halloween by the time you
guys see this it's a day late it's the
best we can do but it should be a fun
video for you guys check it out right
now on the main channel go smash that
like button for me there's gonna be a
lot of controversy on this video guys
it's a scare prank it's a horror
Halloween scare prank so you got to go
over the top I try to do things that
other people won't do so I don't know
what to say I need my loyal viewers to
go over there and fight the fight for me
I love you guys go smash that button go
share it with some friends let them know
you love our videos alright guys I love
you till tomorrow
smile more
Oh
