welcome to the blood guys I am stuck in
traffic downtown Columbus I've been up
here for a while I just want to say I've
been seeing a lot of comments about you
guys just so struggling to so much
struggle going on right now and I just
want to talk to you for a quick second I
see this all the time specially on
Twitter you guys are like I don't know
what to do with my life anymore I don't
know what to do and I just I see these
so much that I feel like it's time that
I just I'd say something about that and
this is this is coming from a past of
saying the same thing keep your mind
busy stay so busy that you have no time
to even think about how bad things are
keep yourself so busy occupied find
hobbies find things you love to do find
a company to start do more and you will
be so busy that you can't even think
about bad things and you're so busy I
gotta go do this I gotta go get this
done instead of sitting and being
depressed get on it get at it guys
welcome to the blog let's get this vlog
started I know I missed two days
apologies I just wanna get home I just
want to go home life is good baby smile
traffic tops dot-com this could be like
a today on traffic talks guys we're
gonna chat to you about positivity i I
just want you guys to know that mentally
you can probably come up with enough
positive thing no matter how many bad
things are going on which we all have
plenty of don't think that the guy you
look at over there is doing any better
than you aren't we all struggle you can
be successful it comes with a million
problems you can you can be rich it
comes with a million problems you can be
everything has like we all have problems
no matter no matter who we are and I
think like
when you see somebody and you judge them
you don't realize what they're going
through you gotta stop doing that first
of all but I'm not talking about that
I'm talking about seeing a lot of you
guys talk about how rough it is for you
right now I gotta say like it comes from
an old quote that I love is life has no
remote get up and change it yourself
like it is easy - it's way easier to be
negative like it's so much easier I can
see her and complain all day God I got
stuck and try I hate this is freaking
hot out there brother or I can be proud
that I'm alive that my eyes are open and
I am cruising in my car on this
beautiful sunny that it's easy to go
both ways much harder to be positive so
it truly is hard to be positive because
we have so many things weighing us down
every day that it just it's easy to get
in that trap so I challenge you guys we
used to do this all the time I challenge
you today right now and during traffic
talks to go positive do it for one hour
if you catch yourself being negative
just happen think positive think there's
got to be a positive way out of this
let's do it I challenge you right now
take the positivity challenge man just
one hour if you can make it an hour go
two hours when you find yourself
complaining flip it it's not hot out
it's beautiful it's about to be winner
and I'm gonna be complaining that it's
cold but there's snow like find a
positive way out of every situation I
know there's a lot of things that suck
all the time there's so many great
things man just just sitting on your
computer your phone right now enjoying
the vlog that you may or may not like
it's a good thing like you're able to do
that it's all something like I don't
know I love you guys so much I've seen
so many tweets like that I just want to
try to even if I hope one of you just
think positive man so let's go I'm
heading to home right now to see the
family of this this thing I got to do
I'll bring you guys along with and
yeah let's let's continue to keep it
rolling think positive guys take the
challenge tell me how you do I love ya
let's go home
and bring it out this awesome treasure
he wants the race he wants the race he's
smoking me he's smoking me alright
alright I'm back home got changed came
to talk as always wear the same thing
hey baby girl hi
quick question should I shave for this
manly or not manly so I look top biker
tougher I look like I'm 11 which one
look good I look good so leave it no
haircut let the burns go not allowed to
say that not allowed to sing right okay
guys I'm gonna run out here you wanna
help well I don't know who are you gonna
come out well so where my car usually is
they've set up a giant photo little sesh
little nice dude we can do some small
more merch while they're here knock out
some smile more peace some real
professionals not me on my iPhone trying
to do pics so we're gonna knock out some
stuff and these are for big project the
assets for the big project so you'll see
like maybe a poster or pictures or
whatever it is this is where we'll be
taking all those photos so when you see
this weird thing come out you'll be like
that they took those in my garage where
the GTR usually is so let's go you ready
I'm ready a big debut my brother on the
photo on the poster rough dude you're
gonna be the star of the show so bad for
Everest Photoshop in this turn a brown
again oh man yeah they got D aged me man
d aged me chase what happened your head
country what happened to chase his head
you're gonna have to ask country into
that one apparently it's a four-hour
story he couldn't tell me in like the
last pitch I told you in one sing let me
sleep or give me a shot give me a shot
Oh Oh country you got some explaining to
do what the truth this has been my boy
since kindergarten you hurt my boy since
kindergarten it was total accident I was
trying to start many by too many by
and it was giving me an issue I would
never hurt him so low-volume he feels
bad he's in the whole moment and he came
to see well do you have the choke on huh
so you pulled the cord into his forehead
and I just my fist hit his head
literally that's good it's family show
so she's looking at him like what okay
what's up dirt boy could write your name
on your quad mile they argue about
chases head over there I just want to
say I missed you today so much no no I'm
on fire ate some salsa that we always
eat right but when I was done my mouth
just caught on fire they got the wrong
kind and show him Sean we're working on
the property look at this we laid all
new dirt down all right
well actually I wasn't a part of the
dirt process but I did lay all the straw
during these days off and then this is
finally almost done and everything's
just coming along it looks nice out here
okay so this is one of the biggest thing
now he's back here
now he's back here I'll make this really
quick so donkeys barn has been moved
it's been moved to a different part of
the property but now he never goes to
his barn ever even if it's storming he
doesn't go but now his barns moved
he's back here look at him look at
donkey were you doing flats they go in
love push what do you got drop it oh I
see what's going on back here I see
what's going on back here you guys are
getting in the trash
all right there no trash what are they
getting into nothing what are you doing
D huh that was all under the barn yeah
so we got more dirt on the property
perfect knows we'll throw some grass
seed down some straw look at donkey
acting like he still lives back here so
yeah
donkeys barns been moved to a closer to
the house and to the side so that during
the winter he'll be right with us which
is kind of cool plus we're getting
another donkey hopefully really really
soon so
be together and we'll have a bigger area
over there perfect we I know why are
they sort of get I feel like honestly
you can you could adopt a human faster
than a donkey why they so complicate you
probably don't know because I didn't
know the amount of things you have to do
to get a donkey is very very difficult
it is - we've done you got to fill out
resumes you got to give them like where
they're gonna live how they're gonna
live what their friends are what kind of
what kind of neighborhood you live in
for an adoption place you can go by
donkey anyway yeah but we won like I
wanted that kind of donkey that they had
and it's hard to get why are you calling
me out in front everybody well I guess
if you want the the donkey you want yeah
it's kind of complicated fine I take it
back it's the easiest thing to buy you
right now by those we're trying to
rescue donkey right you have to do that
it's all matter how much money you have
it doesn't matter anything they want
like forget about it but you don't have
to drive to Michigan to go pick it up
and you can't even pick it up you have
to go there first we take it out to pick
it out and then you have to go back
that's right donkeys calm half-price
donkey start come on that's where we're
headed you know you shouldn't even be
talking about blue steel
you're a monkey Derek you're a monkey
dance
get the viewer look at the viewer in
that camera you got it Oh God country
you got competition out here boy he's
killing it dude he's hugging that big
redwood tree you got up we're moving up
I like that angle there he's an animal
get it country get it where you guys
headed where are you guys Bam Bam Empire
what's up buddy you wanna show me your
new house you won't show them to your
new house bud no cool talk to you later
here he goes guys everybody quiet on set
sweet
oh my god yo he's killing it oh really
yeah all right guys I'm gonna have to
I'm gonna have to ask you to hold on for
one second
amazing oh that's fun it is perfect one
two three one two three
yes let me show you a ticket I want to
see that with a thumbs up like yeah and
one two three yeah one two three so rad
dude one more smile face we are we're
still shooting hello hello ladies
what do you think what what do you think
of this we think of this thing as gay
close your eyes for oh gosh flash but
hey boom put them on whose are those
Liza's they won't fit daddy I don't need
all fit daddy there we go
yeah I stretch him out me mom matching
we get the matching bullets boy we got
to match them boats touch my boo
they look like high-heeled oh my gosh
match if you move your feet like that in
real life what was in there so the photo
shoot the photo shoot why can't I see it
shoot the photo shoot took forever it
was really long it was fun we had a fun
time but it took very long time so now
we're now we're into the night little
lego man he could fit in them boots we
uh we're gonna call it a day I know
there's not much in this vlog I don't
have anything stop yeah it's all we have
guys I was big work day bah bah bah
excuses excuses we love you so much
check the positivity challenge with me
fight it have fun with it and we'll see
you guys tomorrow hopefully if I don't
take off another you know four or five
days just call off sick tomorrow
okay I'm have a sick day for a while
maybe I just hey guys I'm sick today you
know I went on that for a while we love
you guys so much thanks for your
patience I don't know what to say
yeah we do we'll see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile man
you
