good morning guys another day of the
beautiful day we were finally shipping
out the last of the smile more orders
and I don't think this post office has
ever seen this much postage let's get
our mail
see if we got any mail today we live at
the post office though we just bombed
the post office we were there easily an
hour oh yeah I don't have and we didn't
know that international we have to fill
out a form for every stinking order so
that was brutal my hands are cramped I
know yours are so the good news is if
you order for the small-bore store your
shits on the way
I can't wait to you guys you know
everybody better post pictures that you
wear them to I want to see everybody I'm
glad that you guys say you want to see
whatever we're doing even if it's boring
because it doesn't get any more boring
than this or just buying tons of
Rubbermaid tubs and containers to store
all our inventory for t-shirts so now
when you order a t-shirt your order goes
out immediately
none of this waiting crap what is that
you can take a bite okay do it is it hot
blow on it
all right we're at one of our favorite
places I used to hate this place
remember that it's called La Paloma I
don't it's a it's a chain restaurant is
it good yeah show everybody your bike
show me bike so this is what we get here
every time these are called sofa pious
and they're like big crusty you can get
anything yeah I got beef and cheese oh
yeah
wait this be what all you want to show
yours
okay it's the quesadilla huh I think
pains turned into a camera hog are you a
camera hog everybody wants to watch you
so this is what we get here every time
these are called sofa pious and they're
like big crusty you can get anything in
you can get like chicken yeah I got beef
and cheese oh yeah play this be what all
you want to show yours candy gets the
quesadilla huh are big hands turned into
a camera hog are you a camera hog a
bigger ring
yeah yeah
yeah what are you eating gain but try to
sit down so now that were stuffed
we were headed right now to get Kade a
haircut and we cannot decide whether to
just give him a regular haircut or go
back to his mohawk I don't know if you
guys remember his mohawk did we were we
flogging by that point I don't think we
were it was up my Instagram that I did
pictures that I know I think we should
just go for another mohawk okay we gonna
get a mohawk yeah
good jump here should put something over
hell no I got these like that I got a
hold still the camera
awesome do you like it
yeah Aquaman
found it alright I think Kay looks like
a million bucks
so give you an idea the house is
starting to come together we got our
tubs for our shirts there's still a lot
of boxes in here and the table still
covered tubs of shirts but he's got a
new mop okay
show everybody your mo ah the fronts
laying down right there I think it's
awesome I love it what do you think
mommy it's awesome I missed it he had a
super long walk to like put up an old
picture yeah before we started this vlog
channel he had a mohawk and he had it
for a long time and then Britney cut it
off without me knowing I didn't want to
deal with it and he he would just scream
when I would do it every day oh man okay
so that all being said we are going to
wrap this up today it's probably another
short vlog and no idea but at least it's
a vlog five mother-effer days in a row
that is post direction now I did like 30
days in a row when I started this
channel I don't know all right guys
going out right now actually in about an
hour and a half to go shoot a Halloween
prank
and hopefully it doesn't fail it might
it's really risky but that'll all be up
on tomorrow's vlog even if it fails
it'll be on tomorrow's vlog so you'll
get to see
what we tried to do hi guys love you
don't forget till tomorrow smile more
running super late my buddy Tony is
proposing to his girlfriend tonight dine
o'clock for 36 minutes away and it's
8:25 so we're gonna
