good morning guys so early no one's
gotta go school
he's running so late get a shoe on
before school you're gonna be late
you're gonna be late so today is nothing
more all we're doing all day is shipping
small orders we finally got the last of
our t-shirts here and not only that we
got a ton of extra so now if you place
an order for a t-shirt it's gonna go out
probably the same day or the next day
there's no more waiting cuz this is
complete how long you guys
waited for your t-shirts that being said
I'm off to pick up our final stuff
sticker order as well so that I can
throw in free stickers with these
t-shirts so just give you guys an idea I
had to borrow Gilroy's Jeep to make a
second trip for these final short orders
and this is this is half half of the
orders you guys when I told you to smash
that store you guys smash that store I
will say I did order a lot of extra so
half is probably sold and half is up for
grabs
just so you guys know small more stores
taken over the house look at this stacks
and stacks and stacks stacks and stacks
it stacks of shirts the whole house
brittany writes on the folders veronica
fulfills all the folders all these
possible t-shirts and then she puts them
in these boxes and i simply tape them up
and put on these glasses i'll show you
guys the new smile more t-shirts
we're so Brett and I are running super
late cuz of you running super late my
buddy Tony is proposing to his
girlfriend tonight at nine o'clock for
36 minutes away and it's 8:25 so we're
gonna get there right when he's about to
do it it's gonna be awesome I'm gonna
film it hopefully come on come on come
on
certainly I'm so late I was just telling
everybody about what's going on yeah you
nervous yeah
all right here's what I'm doing I told
my girl that we're doing an
anti-bullying thing with swollen
knuckles and we got Matt Brown Maurice
Clarett here we got Roman and Denis here
and she thinks it's all for an
anti-bullying thing and what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna have a raffle and when
she gets up to the stage I'm gonna say
hey listen you know she's going to pick
the name and she has to read the name
off well every every name in the bag is
going to say will you marry me Jessica
Oh awesome you know I mean I've been
planning this for a few what do you
think she's gonna do well I hope she
doesn't pass out and I hope I don't pass
out because that's what I'm nervous
about I'll have great footage yeah
either one of you pass yeah dude I'm so
excited for you though it's gonna happen
did I told her she was like tearing up
when I told her is she doing it out
thank you so much helping with this so
okay here's the next prize
you didn't think I ever - but you know
what you backed me up with everything
you know what I love you
I almost been to rest of my life with
you
that worked out so good guys are you
excited I was weird because like
everyone should not be more excited for
my man Tony Tony you are a brave man
now all Britney wants to do is get ready
thanks a lot
alright guys already cut this one a
little short we're just continuing
orders and ship in for the smile more
merch so you should have emails by now
saying that your your order has been
shipped hopefully that's what most
excited about to see you guys wear your
shirts so trust me I'm working as hard
as I can on this I can't wait to see it
uh yeah kind of a short vlog today but
for vlogs in a row so come on
come on give me some love in the
comments guys where's my soldiers at I
haven't seen a Roman soldier comment for
a while what's up you guys you guys
leaving me cuz I haven't put a vase all
right guys you know I love you I'm
trying try alright guys until tomorrow
you know what to do smile boy just been
trying to do a front-flip for a long
time and I think today's the day oh oh
so close
