alright guys want to all I want to share
with you a little frustration about
vlogging every day so I wake up this
morning and I leave for our meetings and
I get to our meetings and I hit record
on my camera and it says no memory card
that's not a sign yet that sucks
that's the worst so half my day is over
with no vlogging so we got to make up
for it right now we got a vlog vlog vlog
we just kept to Batali's he's about to
upload his new video and I'm glad
Brittany's not here dude
cuz if she even sat in that bed she'd
probably get pregnant that is one of the
dirt ladies and gentlemen the world's
dirtiest bed right there why would you
say that Brooke oh it's like I'm waiting
to get married
come on it's like Dateline NBC and we
were to take a black light oh oh go
ahead
and the headboard probably that zebra
painting no that used to be completely
black wait you you wanna work
you bought this for motivation yeah you
look at it every morn see you look so
you look at this every morning like man
one day I'm gonna get that Oscar just
it's not a bad idea
I'm going up for the wolf of wallstreet
I play pretty good going on
so bad so guys we're going on a little
bro date tonight
meet Kevin Vitali just you know others
that Bugatti there's that boo God whoa
it's a convertible Wow we're on the
Cheesecake Factory
you guys have Cheesecake Factory we got
Cheesecake Factory let's do it we're
gonna go have some cheesecake that's all
I want I don't care about literature
favorite Hannity's game people they have
like 20 different flavors in there
what's your favorite well I don't know
I've only I've only been here one time
listen reviews on the flavors is dulce
de leche or the Oreo one steak Diana
black bread and you know it's awkward
when I told the black waiter to bring
black bread that's good huh good morning
it was a little oh fuck why is that
awkward I don't know but I'm gonna get
stay Diana you should get these dude
right here welding glasses ball what you
guys ready to draw are you ready to get
really hungry
look at this ribeye steak baby we're
onion rings and fries Kevin I oh I just
realized Kevin has to limp in his
absolutely delicious
but it's the road crew Oh day off we
just realized kevin has to leave in
battalion I think we're just going to
stay on the same side of the table once
he leaves huh it'll be cute you'll be
gone it's just gonna be a sitting you're
eating together people probably all
saddled recognize this be like leave
this go
dude I like how we're on the same side
of the booth I'm close and I'm come
closer and we're gonna we're gonna share
one piece of cheese that you're making a
mess
that's good huh
no that's amazing right no my job that
nice little bro date with Vitaly get
back to Alex's now hopefully doesn't
scare me they don't like waiting to get
this big jump or scare something and
hear you flying all the way on the
elevator so Alex and I are bored and
every time we get bored we tend to just
get naked get naked yeah exactly but
this time we're going to walk down to
3rd Street and just kind of goof off and
see what there is there maybe we can
find something to prank people with it's
like super foggy out can't really tell
on camera but I guess it's from the
ocean right yes marine layer
the marine layer it's like wet it's like
wet wet its vet we just ran into this
toy store to see if we can find anything
to do now I just want to play with toys
marbles are always fun whoa I lost it
that's no fun oh my god I have to buy
this it's the coolest Lego ever is
amazing I cannot lie bro you look like
you should not be anywhere near any kids
same as when I do my mustache
yeah man just another day on Third
Street you know I'm saying actually I
should be I'm more like a surfer yo dude
we just got the third street it's all
Smokey and hazy out dude I think you
make a better blonde do I see I feel
like I'm having more fun right now
Oh
it's the mullet man these girls don't
like my mullet
we found absolutely nothing to do other
than look better looking excellent dude
you ready right crawl - yeah I like
better with a leather jacket oh I'm hot
who's Ryan row baby rock a bra I'm
thirsty
I got vodka let's have a drink oh man
you know what I have not had a single
drop of alcohol since Las Vegas since we
went to Vegas have you no no no that's
amazing Wow
bigger plan at this points just to have
a drink and go back out on the streets
because there's really nothing to do
right now and I know you guys want more
of a vlog I could end it now but I don't
want to be that seven-minute vlogger or
six-and-a-half minute vlog I want this
baby to go seven and a half minutes all
right you want it up I'm getting wired
up right now we've officially decided to
go out and pop firecrackers on me this
is the stupidest has the dumbest idea
ever
hey you are just in case you guys want
to know what I look like when we're
filming pranks it's something like this
then I'm like rap and I go do I look
good it's a good was that a good shot is
it was it doesn't I've been drinking Hey
ha let's go let's go film some stuff
want these some muffins okay so we are
out at Main Street this is Main Street
yeah Main Street every city in the world
all right Santa Monica mainstream and we
have these little firecrackers that
we're gonna pop near people it's pretty
effed up but we're desperate
this is desperation talking oh whoa whoa
whoa what was I didn't do anything I
didn't do anything
no was that what was it happening was
that
oh wow was that was that you somebody
should've won
is that you was that you
everybody's just jumping he sued me
as soon as you pull the string on me now
are loud they're really laughs for the
record I would probably jump more than
these before jumping but they're so
drunk pranks don't work when people are
drunk because there's a delay whoo shit
oh okay let's get the shit out of me Oh
what was that what was that was that you
Oh what was that
who was that what was that I don't think
we got any of that but I had a guy chase
both of us all the way down you you
pumping fire crux boom boom fucking
fucker quick response he couldn't even
speak he was so pissed he was ready to
kill us he said he'd slit my throat and
kill me for popping firecrackers soon
I guess that's justifiable all right
guys we're back safe and sound back at
Alex's House I had absolute riot that
was so fun dude I'm alive nobody slit my
throat or killed me like the last guy
claimed he would and we got out we got
out safe and sound so uh let me ask you
guys a question do you miss the old
classic just pranks where I went out on
the streets and we just mess with people
or do you like the big production the
big production pranks we're we're just
we've got five cameras and ten people
working on a prank let me know in the
comments tell me what you like I love
you guys until tomorrow smama you've
always done the classic snake prank on
the string you guys have seen it five
times on our main channel
time we have a snake tied to a string
that we're going to clip on
