what's up guys
good morning we're starting our day off
with some breakfast and if you watch
these vlogs you already know where I'm
eating not even going to say it we're
meeting up with a couple people I'm
going to pull off an epic prank today
hopefully it all goes well we just got
the Jack and Jill Alex Denis Kevin Sam
back Sam is actually the reason that we
discover Jack and Jill we met up like
months ago using you got to try this
little place on the corner called Jack
and Jill's now we come here multiple
times a week dude so thank you for that
but Jack doesn't happy mom - yeah so we
just got to Sam's place and we just goof
off with all the toys every time that's
pretty good dude yeah they'll love this
poster dude yeah nice something like one
was taken out for them things on the
street buddy why didn't you get the big
one I was like kind of haha and she gave
it to me oh yeah let's do it
we're ready to make some price now baby
that right there's one in Bugattis it's
only about three million dollars there's
one got new Honda Civics right there we
are looking for our first location right
now I I don't even know how to explain
what we're doing so I'm not this is
pretty uh edgy you guys know us we do
edgy stuff Domino alright wait you can't
your word when you say tell them the
location you can tell him away but I
don't know where we're going now why I
said what I said oh we're going to
Inglewood I was like okay that's number
one probably a bad idea
Alania then you explain the idea fully
to me and I was like yes that's a bad
idea
haha damn dude
oh we fucked up okay I'm just dropped
his camera right on longer in the
description as a Kickstarter page get
some good weight you definitely just
twist on it
what's up dude
yeah what's up oh I love thanks for
ruining my friend I love you dudes get
really hard to film when you got people
yelling your name across the park yeah
dennis is like shut up the fingers I
think when people watch your videos and
they know that you make hidden camera
pranks if you're in a random Park in a
random town then it's clearly you're
filming that you don't know you think
that things may be not to shout hey we
love our fans but let the prank go we
stopped in a toy store real quick and I
literally cannot take it it makes me
miss my kids so much like I don't want
to be here another minute yeah we just
got to the beautiful Santa Monica this
place is just gorgeous
the way we've celebrated our time
together yeah been amazing have a good
one yeah oh I love this place it's so
pretty
there's the grand theft auto peer I love
how that's how people not everybody
knows as I feel me very few more
comments I'm always that is that grand
theft although nice I'm I'm like wow
they actually based it off of a real
price I love the game the game so big
that it's now the grand theft auto pure
thing what is that I put like um that
boyfriends and the golfers never ah
lovely oh yeah they're all over the
place dude I love this place
it's so fun I love that this is on top
of the ocean yeah we're on top of the
water
well guys not every day is successful we
did not finish our prank we tried so
hard we've been filming forever it feels
like so we are we're cutting our losses
for the day it's not a total failure we
got half a video so we'll just wrap it
up hopefully tomorrow we got meetings
the next day hopefully a nice day we'll
wrap it up so that means upload on
Sunday probably instead of oh we're good
to wrap it up
not always oh and you have kids like me
if you don't yeah
we're here at dinner and Sam shows us
the most ridiculous photo Larry I'm let
me show let me show you a regular Sam
now let me see this photo that's what
you just took this right now I just do
that just that I don't do one for you
say no let me see that one I want to see
that one I've had any time I - I'm gonna
have to focus oh my god bro hey ladies
he's single a lady Sam single oh man
like the turtle Betty fuck you that's
not even a prank this is like I'm gonna
trip somebody it's like hey I'm gonna
push you in front of this bar
so I've never done omegle I guess it's
like a really popular thing I swear I've
never done it so I just tweeted out that
I'll be on there so let's give this a
try Alex thinks it'll be fun
maybe maybe we do this more often I
don't know you guys tell me you know
turn your volume down what's up baby who
you talking to you on your phone with
your girlfriend or what
oh my god
to make the face tight what's up dude ha
ha oh my god
I think I should do this more often yeah
definitely I thought it was like it
might be in your vlog I'm vlogging you
right now oh that's awesome
oh yeah man what's your name bro my name
is Ricky Ricky yeah all right
a bunch of my hair
my god really Roman what's up buddy
what's up I'm from Brazil man Brazil
yeah hell yeah man what's up what are
you doing sleeping masturbating what's
up yo yo what up
oh you too man
here's your the bad dude you gonna be
you're gonna be in my vlog tomorrow yeah
all right man you're you're in don't
dude you serious what dude I'm turning
to the press with you Emily this is
happening dude I literally just went
through three tries and I'm like oh my
god
everyone's like on here speaking like no
one's gonna find you and all these
things but you're so so I've been
watching like every day this is so
awesome
no yo oh my gosh
what's going on my camera's dead oh
right there what's up and I'm the one
you're in the vlog baby you're the blue
do it you're gonna be in my vlog
tomorrow so you'll see it in there
tomorrow okay all right see you dude
oh shit
what's up oh my god I've been spending
the last half hour trying to find you
really yeah at least you have your
little pirate friend there to keep you
company this is kid okay oh yeah man hey
nice meeting you dude
I'm also from Ohio so oh yeah bro see
you later man hey you know my jeans no
idea dude you're going crazy man where's
your mic
what what up Ohio State what's up girl
it's echoey dude that was fun I told you
I've never done that before like I was
awesome I think we should do a big Omega
vlog where I just tell you guys when I'm
gonna be on and you all just smash it
that would be a riot did I probably sit
there all day and just next-next trying
to find one person that knows who I am
you should do it with your family I know
I'm going to don't take my idea don't
you take I don't have a family loved me
to have like my parents and stuff but I
gotta get working on making kids to a
psychic vlog did you got to play more
board games bro
people think board games is just like
having fun but it's about it's about
building a future all right guys I'm
calling right let me know right now if
you guys want me to do an official date
for omegle or whatever one of those live
things are I'll see you tomorrow
know until tomorrow smile more or smile
more
until tonight tomorrow no more till
tomorrow that's right yeah I already
know what you do Deb you are oh wow
