I am super excited today I'm headed up
to get a new tattoo it's been a while
since my last time through well Stevo
did my last tattoos but I'm really
pumped to get this tattoo it's about my
kids and that well I'll show you guys at
the end of the day today I think today
all we're getting is the outline done
and it's gonna be about five hours to
get the outline done and I think
coloring will take two more days this is
tattoo place lock stock barrel tattoos
these guys are epic I love them many
have some fun this is Mike Mike's done
all my tattoos actually this is just the
start you just got to do my balls next
I'm all about it hi how's it going
what are you doing no I falsified on
getting your nipples just talking about
how much fun would be if I did my
nipples how hard is it to not jump on
top of me right now it's pretty hard
yeah my chest is officially pissed off
really at the side door kind of looks
like the whole thing's dog but this is
just blue egg I see this everywhere not
like I got like oh hey like it's all
good in the hood
Otzi it's really irritated right here
Kitty's mad
one more side for today all right we're
done for today
go the outline Durham yeah kinda hard to
see with the stray trap oh stop right
thank you what do you think hurry zero
awesome all wrapped up
Oh feels good now it was terrible all my
tattoos that was the absolute worst paid
not here my cell like a puss-ass
terrible headed out Batgirl take Brit
need Outback Steakhouse are not my
favorite let's go do it
get ready for some good food yes and I
feel like it's way too long since I've
had like nice big just good hard piece
of meat I missed out that this is by far
the best thing and Outback right now oh
I'm talking about the bloomin onion I
feel alone
these things are amazing in the sauce
I think I can put this sauce in my
cereal I'm stuffed guys in a freezing
you said smart your jacket um I've done
I'm cold
just wanna get home where's my car oh
we're all the way over there hey what
are you doing everybody head oh man
thanks dude
good if you slaughter are back home
Outback was awesome my chest is sore oh
this is all for my amazing boys cater
Bella they're my little kids alright
guys I wouldn't know how to end this
video I have so many things for you
obviously our homeless pizza party
Prague is up I'm sure you see that one
our bad grandpa prayer with Johnny
Knoxville is up I'm gonna put all these
links in the description of this video
because it's a lot of cool stuff uh my
guys pizza shop that I did this prank on
I feel really bad I didn't give him any
advertisement and I did that because I
thought everybody would think it was an
advertisement if I put anything in there
so I'm gonna put his link in there too
if you guys want to go over just say hey
thanks for feeding the homeless they got
you blah blah but whatever you guys
could do and help me out a lot
cuz we definitely got him he definitely
got him so good and he's not getting any
credit for it whatsoever so I could use
some love from you guys on that or we
call it a night no I should throw out
there that all the small-boat orders I
should address this earlier we got more
orders that we ever thought and it we
can't thank you enough for your patience
all the orders should be out by Monday I
know that still seems so long but we got
we just backed up and we do apologize
this will not happen again will it
no so it's covered guys I promise you
your order is coming I love you it tilts
ball smile more see ya
we have talked everybody into given us
his pizza shop keys he thought we left
something here
we totally left our wallet on the arcade
machine and it didn't take a lot of hits
it
