hey buddy give a mulligan and kids c'mon
I gotta go bye bye tonight give me five
give me five man double thumbs up so for
tonight's video I really need a light on
top of my camera I'm not able to find
one right now it's irritated bingo did
we totally freaking lucked out on this
light ain't sony we Search Search store
after store we got a light for it
alright
yeah just arrived to our buddy's pizza
shop this is where we're gonna attempt
to go inside and make pizzas a lot of
you don't know this but Gilroy we
brought glory specifically because he's
made pizzas for years and years and
years so cuz there's an I have no idea
how to make pizzas Vicky so we got the
key let's go but so basically what is
happening at this point is we have a
pizza shop to ourselves chase is king of
cooking pizzas he worked in a pizza shop
for years and years and years I know
nothing about pizza period I doubt eat
it chase is over here killer
it's definitely taking longer than I
thought we've been here a while we gotta
break a lot of pizzas how long ALR did
you break pizzas over seven years give
or take we basically we have talked our
body to given us his pizza shop keys he
thought we left something here
we totally left our wallet on the arcade
machine and it didn't take a lot here
it's a it's a good friend of ours and he
gave us the key to his shop but he
doesn't know is we're making tons of
pizzas we're about to give it take him
out the liver of the homeless people
that's pretty awesome I don't think
he'll be bad about that don't talk to me
I'm making pizza it was going fine until
dinner showed up oh no that's that's
premium pepperoni dude well that's good
whoa do that it was a fork receipt
office thing
one pizza dare look at those pizzas can
I have our Carol's like first person
like pizza one of our first shots
tonight
is that Dennis and I are going to
deliver 20 pizzas to the faith mission
and this is where the the arm while it
took my breath away
whoa the faith mission is where the
homeless go to sleep it down and it
doesn't need their fit so we're going to
take 20 of our pizzas glasses are huge
on
yeah really really like we're thinking
about yeah hey hey
so it's right
good job Romeo Eddie everyone's out
every week chase Gilly Gilly Gilly boy
halfway through the night and halfway
through our pizza I gotta tell you this
is a pretty life-changing experience man
feeding people that don't have food it's
it's it's beautiful it's extremely sad
but at the same time be able to do
something so simple for us
just giving pizza out it's so huge to
somebody else you can't imagine is a a
humbling experience right here
thank you make sure your shams I will I
will
he gets a drink they make out with my I
will drink every call a lot about I love
this this is like ready bash give it out
I don't know how many pizzas how do you
feel not only definitely over 25 I think
right now how do you feel about what
we're doing I love it
we're making people smile more we're
hooking them up with food pizza and they
get a little bit of cash on the side to
get some probably beer to wash it down
yeah honest truth yeah how about you
cheese it's inspirational man no one
else does this they're they're uplifted
now they're like man there's some hope
left there's three dudes out there given
pizza that's got those guys at the faith
mission they had their movie on like a
washing a movie I got the business
you're watching a movie and then getting
pizza I mean I probably flashback to the
good old days I didn't have a night like
that oh yeah we're rapping on our
adventure I think it went great
brah I've gained 10 pounds he beats
I lots of pizza more making sugar you
drop pizza I hate that beat
we had a blast guys videos up right now
if you haven't seen it go over there if
it just spread the the army all over it
just like like hot grease you guys got
to go out and give holy Joe some love
because he goes in there tomorrow he's
gonna be like what the WTF yeah you
think he's gonna be he's good I don't
think I'll think I'll be mad think I'll
just be like computers should have known
that confused what do you think you
think I'll be mad do you think you'll be
like I should tell us guys it's gonna be
like Joe we need to hire Gilroy we need
are that got to cook our pizzas Gilroy
no make this song alright well that's it
bro right guys a kid go smash that video
to pieces it's really odd you guys know
we don't get views without you we love
you til tomorrow
smile more that's all you got to do keep
that smile on your face
my man hey buddy I got a hot pizza right
here Oh God Oh Pizza where oh man hey I
don't got drinks but I got five bucks
each thank you thank you very much
hey get you through the night yeah I
appreciate it really do guys stay warm
