good morning guys I'm doing something
super awesome right now thanks to Alex
today he is taking me to go pick up
Britney at the airport she's never been
to LA today is actually Valentine's Day
so it's gonna be great we're gonna have
a great time and then we're packing up
going to Las Vegas tomorrow for the
whole weekend
dude do I am a little bit scared I'm not
gonna lie
we're going all of us Vitaly Kevin Bruin
Alex Denis our girlfriends gonna be a
blast
so let's go get Brit let's go get her
dude this Airport is friggin packed
today
everybody must be flying in for
Valentine's Day
I was standing like right there forever
we must be really right here like where
is she
how'd you fight go a little rough
she time did you leave last night um my
shirt I liked that shirt I left our
house at 3 o'clock 3:00 in the morning
3:00 in the morning I know I wish you
could like see though like he's stupid
last night thanks for breakfast dude oh
I wanted to take to prepare yeah well
you know if it actually been taking a
lot less time if you called the right
location dude I called and ordered all
this breakfast and then Alex goes to
pick it up and he's like you called the
wrong place so somewhere I feel real bad
this is cool breakfast in a cardboard
box
I'm lunch I'm at like it's like 4
o'clock my dad back to the meetings back
to the meetings bad bad bad bad man like
some music any punishment yeah let's do
some music ok a spawn this is Dennis's
favorite actually turn it up
Oh funny bone all the teeth I love these
trees I think is about to play new ones
what kind of palm trees are those high
hot high palms a lot of people don't
know this but the palm trees in LA were
imported in by a family I don't know the
name mom
palm dr. Paul mrs. Paul no really they
were imported in and they're saying they
once they're gone they're gone
there we go they can't regrow cuz the
seeds are the concrete is nowhere for
them to go this is where we'll spend
most of the day right there every single
day we're all on time the tally is now
45 minutes late
Jerome's even here he's nervous but he's
not even supposed to be here he's here
Talley do we go we got to change this
rock he'll be long time you even knew of
his sanity like shouldn't go dude I just
I'm gonna draw you real quick just so
you can see how beautiful you are
well yeah oh my god no but did you
commit this you cannot explain the
obsession dennis has over this flappy
bird game
splashy fish well I heard flappy bird is
back it's resurrected someone ago CJ did
I swear to God dude he's living on this
hey got that city bird now city bird
what try city bird did oh my god do you
look at this few guys
so anything he keeps a saint up in here
man
started at the top now at the bottom
bottom of the elevator it's already dark
out yeah this reminds me of when we used
to have nine-to-five jobs man go in when
it's light and we come out when it's
dark
we just doesn't want to go back that oh
dude I'll be crawling arms and legs
this is XP what's up hi we get one drink
I've been entertaining the ladies yeah
so crazy hey baby I can't do it it's so
easy it's just too easy
my that guy I might I've been all even
and I we just finished a bottle but I
see down here we be popping bottles baby
come on taste it bitches man cheese
blogger he's down on Third Street
and we are looking for maybe a new
outfit for Vegas I don't know yet I'm
gonna do Marseilles outfit
I like your original birthday outfit you
don't need to get another
I love third-straight this place is so
cool man
to me
of course we can't go anywhere without
eating because of this guy you got to
eat every 45 minutes how's the bride did
this stuff use just waste you gotta
catch you know yeah let's try it again
don't miss your mouth I want to waste it
right in and I don't waste it we kiss on
your mouth no come on we're in Italian
Italian cast it like this pulses of that
yeah this is like a puzzle piece I like
Ethel
this is way better than walk I don't
like walk man are you cold right yeah
you're smashed in between two meatballs
yeah
oh we're back this is the nicest hotel
ever stayed at thank you Alex
obvious popular resilience yeah it's the
Mandel's yeah all right guys what do you
see when you look at this painting looks
like fish and water now if I walk over
here now what do you see so we're back
in the room I um I noticed yesterday I
got a lot of mistakes
and you guys got to understand that
sometimes I edit these vlogs really late
really late at night and I'm tired I
don't think it'll ever happen again
though I don't think I'll ever repeat a
clip I don't think it'll ever happen
again though I don't think I'll ever
repeat a clip anything about me
repeating clips yo um I think it's
because when you're editing you don't
let me watch them to review them and
that's why I need to start watching them
I I just like I just edit them I don't
watch them so you guys usually find the
mistakes before I can get in bed so
we're going to Vegas tomorrow morning
tomorrow's vlog should be really good we
are headed to Vegas that should be quite
the journey we got a bunch of people
going with us and oh boy oh boy oh boy
oh boy
you miss me this week oh it sucks
Britney's here till Monday and I have to
stay out another week but it's gonna be
good it's gonna be worth it and you guys
are gonna have so much entertainment in
my birthday Sunday it is Sunday that's
coming up fast I will be 42 you don't
dare 40
oh yeah till tomorrow nah smile more hmm
what's this mall called
Beverly Hills center no Beverly Center
Beverly Center Mall yeah what is that
