welcome to the vlog guys wake up it's
it's time to play it's I don't know what
that was kind of a creepy intro hey guys
we're gonna make a very home laid-back
vlog for you today bikini came to me
today and he said I want a ramp so we're
gonna go out and build our first ramp
right I actually don't know if it's our
first ramp but we're gonna try to build
a ramp today together all right yes as
is it let's get our famous shit whoa wow
that's hot yeah we're home we're gonna
hang out together we're gonna have fun
let's go get in the cat Achille you
ready you help me we're gonna shape it
build it wrap it today's the raft day
and I'm gonna weird this tank top to get
rid of this ridiculous tan line I'm
embarrassed but I got to let's go what
ha what about it your tan line City this
all right so you got this one and this
that's bad
I'm gonna keep the hat on we're just
gonna rock this this tan line for the
rest of the year it has to happen this
is how you run
that's pretty goofy run let's go okay so
we are with cane offers too like yo I
want to ramp my four-wheeler everybody
I'm in so we're gonna go officer chase
came over this morning and threw some
chemicals in the pool try to clear this
up drain it and cover it for the winter
because we only have about three more
days of beautiful weather two more I
flash I love you buddy
I love you I love you it's our donkey
our donkey blockage check it out this is
a high high tech right here this keeps
the donkey off the porch lately boom our
Gardens been getting cleaned up it's
just turning into a rock pile
rock garden we got the new lattice which
the dog donkey have it's worn up yet
which is great are you going with that
where you going really you want to smile
more you going out okay all right I
thought you were just chilling inside
chilly inside the rocks are great right
the rocks are great and as it rains
they'll get washed more we did power
wash them
but that's it's still muddy they start
right there cool bye baby
your look in the store I'm in Kings
gonna build some ramps what up and
you'll come play you want do some
rapping some flying you ready this poor
garage there's so much randomness in
this garage the thing is the thing is
this is the clean version like it's
clean like there's not like trash Lana
it's just packed there's no room for
anything you gonna build it you want to
build it with me muscles we gotta go out
and get a bucket a scooper right cuz we
can't fit it in the garage with a scoop
on her we would plot the quad and the
toys so let's go get a scoop so we can
poop you got a move amp you got a move
bud you got a move
I like ok you remember how to start it
you might want to do no no no this side
this side half key half half there you
go give it a second all right I'll turn
it funky all the way you got it you got
it all the way hold it oh oh
I guess those ever yeah broker caddy
killers ready so I want to focus on you
know I've been doing so much with the
big project and everything we've been
doing I just want to be home today
with the boys beat with Brittany and
coralie in the donkey and the dog and
everything so we're gonna hang out today
a little bit really laid back and mellow
and get some real time together
I know
it's the face of happiness right there
now
let's go dig a ramp this thing has the
most incredible air condition like
literally it's freezing cold he moved he
move
thanks donkey I'm gonna let you dump it
okay remember how to dump it take this
handle turn it that way that way yeah
there you go yeah go ahead you can lift
it up like that and then just dump there
you go
boo-boos like a big toy think it'll do
it first Ram let's go
little man I think we're ready we got
our first little ramp just a little drop
off you're just gonna hit it pop down
super small super fun out here in the
side yard we haven't really found a
great use for this when we did the big
monster truck show though it's already
grown up and grass it's crazy so here we
go this is great love you bud my best
buddy
mmm-hmm it's like a desert wasteland out
here you taking the cat spot you taking
the cat spots nice and cool in here huh
it's so hot today okay go get your
take me away here we go of course let's
pack it in first okay you go up just
pack it in well just pack it and keep
packing it then we can add a little lip
to it it's pretty much just a drop off a
cane has been showing interest and
wanting to wrap the probably from
watching me and the vlogs but I figured
I'll start very very small and just let
him get used to get comfortable it's
awesome bud
here it comes boys faster oh here comes
mommy here goes mommy back to regular
home things like picking dad hats
placing orders for official smile more
dad hats cuz they we've never had them
on the store and it's it's tough because
you have different colors you have
different brands of hats these are all
different right material the everything
is a little different on each one you
got like this type of back you got
velcro back you got clipped back she got
there's velcro how do you pick this one
don't come in black oh yeah I like that
too but that's is that a dad hat though
it's kind of like regular hat I mean
this is like royal royal blue Chase has
been wearing the bright red one all week
that's a Velcro
I'm literally the worst model for that
all right ready
come on run through it blue right what
up
dad's let's go let's go to the water
park and golf this is like the denim Dan
what's up I'm denim Dan all right I look
goofy in a hat period you put me in a
diet guru white you look good in the
white fit the back nine boy hop in the
golf cart let's go all right I got the
mint
it's called grass Creek yeah maybe in
Texas grass dead grass all right little
mint do you like that hat though
that's comfortable with coffee but
uh-huh we got paint all right this is
like a fouseytube hat right here like
this is fouseytube calm right here right
Lucy this is a fuzzy hat all right light
blue is it I don't like that hat let's
go oh it doesn't look like it fits very
good they're all different brands are
all difference we're trying to decide
not really that important show you guys
all this but this is what we're doing
right now so class you want to wear one
sit sit good boy okay
this style this this the that one's out
to cheap-looking from nice okay this is
same I think it's too cheap these are
like really thick and nice and come down
this is more like a dog I have bad hat
right it's floppy it's like denim okay
so we got these three this one feels
kind of nice smile more
smile more smile so tie-dye shirts are
back it doesn't look like many oh here
we go here we go
okay so hoodies are now mostly gone now
we have t-shirts it's like rotating
tie-dye hoodies are in stock linking the
top of the description if you want one
because that's all we have right there
I said t-shirts well okay there might be
somebody's left the t-shirts are
definitely back in stock okay boom I'm
gonna greet some of your chili because
I'm gonna explain order these hats okay
I think we nailed it I think we nailed
it nailed it down
picking colors is the worst thing to do
because you know no matter what color
that I hate one of you or like that's my
favorite I want that and then you try to
get obviously as a company you try to
get what's gonna sell the best and you
just don't know you really don't know
cuz this we have a worldwide audience
you guys all over the world have
different opinions different tastes we
just try you know we keep it really
basic Hirasawa
really really basic red blue black pine
like that I'm not gonna lie I'm diggin
the denim and digging the demo don't
what sharp the sharpest knife you can
find possibly perfect come here let me
have that Cora what's up okay there's
nothing to do with the night I grab a
knife in there all right hi baby girl
oh so much concentration to hold up
she's like I'll get it I can make it I
can break these cuffs okay I need you
boys I need my boys come here about
month plus a month month month months
ago back when I almost a year back when
I was on tour Britney found B's well
let's open it let's open it I never
thought in fact it took so long that we
just thought they took our money we
would never get this but it did actually
show up completely unexpected it took a
year almost a full year opening boxes
you always when use the proper gear you
know like a butcher knife what it is
I told yourself like I said it's so dull
this thing's super heavy there's no way
like full stop okay dude this thing's a
tank okay okay check it out guys how
cool is it I travel a lot you guys know
I travel a lot check this shit the house
okay Tiny's charge look at this thing do
this okay first of all it's a suitcase
okay holds gear hold stuff how do you
get in here suitcase
fill it up take it on trips Wow charger
that's not bad right and I think it's a
carry-on like you can carry this long
check it out
pull this up like so lock it in
all baby oh baby wait wait wait
there's pedals that come out boom yo
will meet you turning six you can pop
wheelies alright wheelies it's a
suitcase that you drive around the
airport
no cease fast this is the coolest
shooting so it is really cool Oh check
it out
LCD display two USB ports so you can
charge stuff up
that's pretty awesome what's that button
do
is that like overdrive like hyper speed
four-wheel drive what is that doesn't do
anything but it does something try Dino
that would be sweet is that cool or what
you just go to the go through the
airport so fast
floor it
you imagine yeah imagine four of them
we're all going through the airport it's
pretty cool right hey car is totally
watching
what's your crazy brother doing what's
your crazy brother doing no no it's give
you all that noise shot what'd you think
it's pretty awesome though right
if tux are hide cora it's gonna be hard
keeping up with these wild boys now what
we gonna do let their little girl in the
house
like just put tassels on the side and
I'll ride I don't know she could end up
tougher than both the boys combined
she's got the determination look at her
boys can't hold their heads up that long
you got this girl
you've got this just gotta get a little
bigger see jeez she's working on that
belly time is that what's going tell me
tell me time Tomic did the TT tummy time
look how concentrated she is to keep her
head up double no no reverse I don't
care it don't care about your guys's
weight I get it that is so funny looking
it's like you're on a little kid train
so after the weight of a lifetime its
woman it's super core it's fast I just
pull in through an airport you really
get to point A to point B accepting it
the escalators yeah the slick floor's
probably doughnuts on that thing no tux
is going for you he's coming for you
there you go there you go
yeah it does
what's the break where oh I don't even
see it I was like trying to stop whoa
baby's out of control oh my gosh hands
up oh yeah you guys wrestle get it corn
get it Cora
no we killed it well look it's probably
not a box for six months and a half
juice girl it was she's singing it up
she's slobber dogging Oh was that Cain's
original suitcase oh my gosh you're
asking for it now oh you're peeling out
oh go ahead go ahead it just came out
long you know are you laughing oh geez
I mean when was the last time you had
fun on a suitcase or with the suitcase
at all you know Cory I told you guys it
would be a nice laid back vlog today
we're just hanging out together kick in
and drooling slobbering looking at me
like that what are you going
I'm gonna be like to not cut a single
vlog one day all day just literally like
this and just film everything I don't
know what you're saying but soon I
scream I swear she said huh huh you were
whistling whistle I think it's about to
turn into a cry I can't get you ice
cream I'm sorry okay all right you want
she wants melon a dairy product right
now um tell you were just telling me you
wouldn't have telling me you look so
scared now she is not a fan of this
camera
tell him tell him Korra
blasters worried about me so we had like
record heat temperatures today it was
like 88 maybe 90 degrees today which
almost never happens this time of year
would have been incredible if that pool
was ready it looks better than it is
what I know my underwear is the pond
no I definitely didn't it someone's been
stealing my underwear suitcase mmm so
funny
jump jump the island the island lean
where'd you guys get the rope did we get
the rope
get the rope come on flash you can do it
tie on tie on did you tie it on nice we
got our we got our boat docked
boom boom boom boy wonder what it looks
like underneath
looks cool Zeca underneath the
trampoline whoo
backflip backflip I dropped my camera in
that water our whole vlogs gone honey
there's a rainbow a rainbow in the
fountain you can see it see it
it's either rainbow or the phone's
blowing skittles out pulling her in pull
the boat over we tied it up
Billie buddies ran and jump we're
sinking that thing take us and boy how
do airplanes do that like what what is
that
crazy would you split a dandelion in
half I've never seen anybody do that
that is so funny what happened
good what the heck kind of blueberries
are those these are toxic berries cane
just had a bunch of blueberries that
that's gonna do it for our vlog today
guys hopefully it was just a no
seriously I just tried to film as I just
blocked out so good
didn't even have to look I just saw a
diaper coming rejected gone and it's a
poopy one that's why my defenses were up
even higher Oh like goofy today in this
tank top I love you guys so much thanks
for hanging out on a serious like just
trying to film
little bits and pieces of our day as
possible we'd love you so much
you're beautiful Cora you're one of a
kind smile more you guys to say what a
lot of fish there are yes some are red
and some are blue some are old and some
are new some are sad some are glad some
are very very bad that came he's the bad
fish why are they sad and glad and bad
I do not know go ask your dad some are
thin and some are fat the fat ones have
a yellow hat from there to here
I'm here to they're funny things are
everywhere here are some who'd like to
run they run for fun in the hot hot Sun
