good morning guys dear sir are on our
way to the break media offices sir yes
sir that's it 3 hours of makeup for a
huge part we've got our driver today
down what's up sup guys 3 yeah 3 go wind
up oh shit what what what break offices
are pretty sick and we got the whole
place to herself
the absolute worst part about today
other than sitting 3 hours of makeup
that's not even the worst part the worst
part is we have to shave our faces yeah
you may not think that's much for me
because I barely grow facial hair but do
I look like a little kid with my shake a
giant ball hand buffing oh no we're such
babies dude look at what we get to do
and just say her cry about it
boy I shave I like to make sure I have
enough shaving cream is this enough
should be good rough spot actually I'm
definitely ready here now that's good
huh there you have it it's baby relman
oh no I think I was better like this
ah so Dennis not just about to get
started here this is the before me but
your name here I'm les
Liz Liz is doing my makeup arrow shirt
Francis Francis is doing business here
we go let's do it
Oh God hey just on the wrinkles Ellen's
what mrs. partridge right now this is
what Ellen will look like 30 years ha ha
I'm future Ellen oh this stupid an old
this is me yeah this is me now just me
your honor that would but today I'm
Frank
we're good teeth they're about to shoot
aah Brinks hi hi hi Holly laughs tell
you need to smile more
Roman Frank ah my makeup don't do that
oh we are about to shoot see when you
shoot with break you have 25 camera man
1600 conversion vans 25 sound guys and
eye makeup are sitting week and we just
wish like celebrities that we're not
tell me you're still this bad era
bicycles know what you're doing wrong
I'm gonna go to say we're loving is a
noxious forever yeah thirties
I'm here with my best friend you guys
can Robbie you can't do that here boss
do what video you got to do that outside
come back hey you got to the downside
boss oh yeah man arrogant let's spread
outside boss come with me you want me to
put you out man come on let's go hey hey
you want me to put you out
come on come on
are you so mad Weesa man grab it okay
let even funny
we're leaving we're leaving yeah please
go through some wouldn't even try to get
enough glue for this man we're leaving
why you pushing me
come one bushel my walk outside don't
push me right now why fishing
touchy
this is a hard day at work all right you
just has got to come off this is like
the roast so it looks a little annoying
dude and I had to shave right before
they applied it so I all our pores are
just soaked with white egg now it's like
The Walking Dead
good keep the walking down oh my god
gross body skin oh my god
officially wrapped the old man prank I
want to take the entire crew there
awesome everybody made it happened
couldn't do it without him in this van
full of equipment look at that view
right there huh running down stairs to
get my buddy Kevin
Kevin's here Kevin brewing these are
these big prankster you should see the
pride he did to them it was horrific
horrific I'll see if I can get him to
explain yeah what did you I was just
exploring everybody you do pretty badass
pranks and this one was a prank that not
any of us would do no not even Battalion
Vitaly you guys don't have balls all
right let's hear their balls hello
I spend the afternoon making out with
like a 75 year old woman and I and I see
in the woman oh yes she is this anything
look anything for the prank man I mean
if it's give it's gonna be a good prank
did you get the reaction you wanted
oh we got some yeah we had some really
good evidence in a row you look like
hipster Bill Cosby dude la brother I
don't know I don't know about that oh my
god family called me like one of the
cheap pretty bad grand theft auto
character fuck my life yeah grand I
gotta find it did Trevor have like an
intern wrap it up the night I am feeling
sick I'm losing my voice it all just
happened I think it's from like
pretended to be an old man all day and
that voice that laugh I was doing just
tore my throat to pieces but I just got
back they check this mob war store and
you guys destroyed it you really did
from the bottom of my heart thank you so
much it reads it means the world to see
you guys actually loving the stuff so
let me answer a couple quick questions
yes you could order anywhere in the
world it ships to anywhere in the world
second a double XL or triple XL are on
the website now sorry to have this on
there yesterday it was that was a
mistake on my heart by far don't forget
anybody two orders a t-shirt this week
gets a free pack of stickers thrown in a
free pack of small-bore stickers so I
got free today guys
tomorrow you know what to do small boy
about where do I get smile more
merchandise where do I go to get it it's
finally up it's running a smile Moore
store is official I can't wait for you
guys to see this let's check it out
stickers and t-shirts and
