yo yo what up guys let me tell you a
little bit about my day I just got to LA
Los Angeles Matt Batali's plays but
here's the deal when I was when I was
when I got to the airport I got a
picture from Britney of my vlog camera
charging in the kitchen at home so when
I did get to LA I had to track down a
new vlog camera which is what I'm using
right now so that I could do this vlog
the really good news today is that all
your emails and all your tests and all
your facebook messages about where do I
get smile more merchandise where do I go
to get it it's finally up it's running a
smile Moore store is official I can't
wait for you guys to see this let's
check it out
stickers and t-shirts and definitely
more to come it's just Roman Atwood calm
yeah dude I'm gonna be your first I'm
gonna beat you guys I'm gonna be the
first order first first everything that
you've wanted it's real basic right now
I'm trying to add as much as I can to
but for right now it's finally available
you guys can buy whatever you want
anybody that buys a t-shirt this week is
getting stickers for free I'm just going
to throw those in for you guys this is
something super exciting for me I never
thought I'd have a store up with my
smile my merch so anything you guys can
do is epic it's super huge I'm really
nervous about it because I know what if
I don't get any orders it'd be really
embarrassing anybody that buys a shirt
and sends me a picture they're wearing
it is getting it featured on my Facebook
page so if you want you're heading out
to push some promotion type videos
Instagram Twitter working on social
media right now so small 15-second 6
second part I D is good deeds this is
the snake prank
you guys are helping that homeless guy
and then give it all those people money
I don't you sure it was great it made me
smile and everything Oh smile happy
Tuesday
can somebody please explain to me why
half the cars in LA have this stash
something's been driving me crazy and I
can't explain it without you don't know
why it does it Dennis don't know why it
does it all these cars have pink
mustaches you're at a restaurant saddle
ranch a saddle ranch where's where we at
Nancy the girl coming to come to less
than total range all right we're at the
center I have no idea whereas somewhere
in Hollywood
yeah yeah something I know we're about
to kill some ribs and steak and ribs and
steak now this this is what this is
what's ribs should look like that little
baby wedge salad salad a bacon iron for
the baby brother
after dinner you get s'mores check this
out then you get to cook them over the
fire that's pretty awesome dude
I just saw Jesus look at this giant
cotton candy this is how a Russian makes
a s'more
probably a worse dude
yeah so the vlog says short guys I
didn't get the camera until late but it
looks like we're gonna have some really
fun vlogs this week we're doing some
sick make up tomorrow three hours of
makeup on Dennis nice faces for really
really cool print please go check out
the smile more store you guys can smash
it crash it see if you can crash it that
would be epic I don't I don't even know
how much bad was I have but I'm sure you
guys could snatch it and once again if
you order shirt this week I'm gonna
throw in the stickers for you guys I
love you till tomorrow smama
