the snow today is crazy it's intense
Kane want to come right downstairs today
and ride some bikes huh big bikes yeah
daddy's bikes Noah's bikes I want to
start today off by saying holy crap
you guys are actually you guys are
actually pushing these vlogs to the most
popular vlog sections we were number
three for yesterday's vlog GF which off
looks like there's a new one
I don't know that is and then us number
four all right it's number four now but
I'll take that I'm happy with that that
we're even hitting the section
altogether is freaking amazing
Noah and I are playing the original
skate not number two not number three
the first one and he's dominating me
yeah all right as of now you have to be
zero zero points
oh you crushed me all right do it do it
oh glad to see you back from the store I
love your shirt let me see Zeus Oh
where's your stick
go get your stick a lot of work I don't
work sit stay oh it's frozen it's so
purty out there's a lot of you guys know
already and I mentioned earlier this
week that I have to go to LA for a while
and actually after leave tomorrow
morning early morning
so right now Noah and I are headed to
get my hair cut because it is a mess
with all this trimmed up and thinking
about putting the smile more back in my
head
but it only lasted three days the roads
are so bad today
crazy crazy snowman sup man you missed
me yeah just got the jaws he is my he
always does my hair you guys know John
you gotta we gotta clean this mess up
man it's a nightmare girls to quit
coming up my old hair that's your old
hair I just got back home I got my hair
really short actually too short didn't I
I know but I'm gonna be gone for a while
and I was just wasn't sure how like if I
left it alone it might be too tall by
the time I get back so I just rather get
it short and let it grow out this is mmm
only you cut roll chicken with probably
scissors I think people use knives for
that I don't think it matters how you
cut it but it just looks funny
Zeus wants that chicken go out mum
always got to get his bowl burn so I
haven't even packed
I haven't even packed for LA all nothing
I've never for the record I've never
packed you always packed my stuff
you're not gonna pack my new pack Jones
when you went to Finland I guess I did
attacked half an impact at all
okay so you're gonna deep-fry the
chicken yeah it's healthy chicken and
you deep-fry it
it'll be good I'll be better than
McDonald's probably maybe it better be
it's a lot of coke can't have flour I
can't get him up of that shirt better
way that while I'm gone
he just grabbed a piece put it me egg
Kane thinks he's getting all the green
beans hey you better not eat all my
green beans
hey don't chicken beans macaroni best
day ever huh
Payne is it good give me that green bean
that's mine
hey all right guys I'm gonna show you
exactly what I take and film with for LA
this is exactly what I take every time
deodorant
chapstick I always take chapstick
everywhere I hate not having it
earbuds I take this little neck cracker
thing everywhere I go oh yeah good the
most important thing I take is my camera
for everyone that wants to know this is
a Sony in X 70 in X 70 this is what I
shoot every single prank on it's got a
viewfinder that opens up it's the
bomb.com it's just an easy camera
everybody asks me what mics I use
they're the Sennheiser 100 series II W
100 the actual part that hooks to you a
charger for the camera I'm gonna take my
fake tongue from the Dudesons prank we
did electrical tape an extra blog camera
and a charger a portable hard drive
laptop charger for the laptop cell phone
iPhone charger all right I'm just
getting sidetracked now I really
actually need to pack you want to help
me pack Kane all right we gotta go get
everything what boxers men's boxers
yeah we're trying to add a whole bunch
of stuff to the smile Moore store this
month lots of stuff I think boxers are
great I think we've already had a ton of
comments for boxers so I know you guys
want I mean at least some of you want
boxers so so the first thing I do is I
come in and I pick what I actually want
to wear first things all black black
pants black shirts that's the first
thing I grab you want to put those in
the bag for me
okay you've got to come to LA with me
all packed that suckers packed
there you go they're not gonna let me
carry this on are you gonna miss me are
you gonna miss me baby come here come
here you can lay back down baby I'm all
packed up ready to go I got to show you
guys a brand new product on a smile more
store and this is probably the most
requested item I think I think all you
guys want to see your girlfriends and
I'm or your wife's smile more check this
out and let's post it up we got smile
more panties baby smile more panties I
think that yeah I just I think all you
guys request these because you want to
see your you must see your women in a
man and why not why not I mean it why
not smile more to that your girl walking
in with those on I'll be smiling more
not your girl
other than that guys I am I'm in LA
bright and early so the next time you
see me we will be traveling together to
LA and hopefully tomorrow I can announce
to you what I'm doing it's super big
biggest thing I've done yet biggest
career move biggest challenge I got one
more question for you guys if you could
have any product that says smile more on
it what would it be
could be wristbands we get a lot of
requests for wristbands those are coming
this month we're gonna add pillowcases
and neckties and just cool fun stuff and
these are all coming from your comments
I have not come up with these these are
all from your comments I know somebody's
a lot of people have said socks so we're
working on getting everything you
request I don't think I'll add anything
to the store that you guys haven't
requested so hit me with anything you
want to see smile more on and I'm gonna
do a big giveaway on this stuff here
soon so I love you guys until tomorrow
smile more
oh my gosh now these are toy
