what up guys so today's vlog is going to
start out like this
I found 40 bucks on in the parking lot
last night that's never happened to me
I've never found money on the ground and
it was just weird and I was excited like
who went me excited found money and
never happened so I didn't feel like I
was the one who's supposed to find that
money I know it's weird but I feel like
sometimes money is left for somebody
that really needs it so I'm going to a
little grocery store called Aldi and
it's kind of it's in a rougher part of
town and I'm gonna find somebody that
looks like they really could use it and
I'm just gonna give it to him about 40
bucks the other day cash and I just
don't believe that I was supposed to
find that 40 bucks to you could you use
it I can more it's more and more more
than you to help you out a lot yes I
need gas there you go this thing that's
40 bucks for for you hug hug thank you
have a great day I hope it helps grow it
really helps thank you good job
definitely needed it more than me and
she was super cool to let me just put
the camera at her face she could say
anything that's the worst part about
forgetting camera glasses is just
putting a camera in someone's face and
honestly she didn't even act like she's
seen it at all she was staring at that
money so I know she needed it picked up
my boy and we got student of the month
today student of the month today that
doesn't make sense well they said the
announcements for student only one today
one ounce oh yeah see you got it today
for the month yes
well either way you got student in love
dude it's awesome we were definitely not
my kid I got why I got I got detention
kid of the moon
yeah detention was a bad egg gemstones
all to do fine sounds going fun to go
well yeah
you guys have had detention tell me what
how fun and boy it is it's my buddy Todd
Wow
he just got this beautiful 70 CUDA and
this thing is bad to the bone completely
completely stuck right to the factory
no the motors all hopped up and I
thought well the motors hopped up but
everything's original car original 70
CUDA what do you think you know Sarah
let's hear this thing
oh man I love it
SiC look at this looks like a smoke bomb
that cool or what we got to get a couple
of those that's sick man thanks my car
looking like a little baby are you in
graham crackers my gosh what is this
oh man graham crackers and peppers hey
man thanks for leaving your kids here no
problem dude it looks like we're we're
keeping Gilroy's kids tonight you know
that means plants more games or games
for kids you want to spin I love this
bar gonna have a handstand competition
when I'm answering competition yeah yeah
all right you think you can beat me okay
Britney's out she's out who's next
the kids are in bed four of them that's
really difficult to do you guys probably
never ever would imagine me living this
kind of life I guarantee you do not
imagine me living this kind of life and
watching these vlogs you definitely get
to see what it's really like for me
day-to-day it's not how you would
imagine it it's not what you see on TV
and Brittany told me right before I
started recording that she did not want
to be in this so that means that she's
in it why don't you want to be in it I'm
tired kids wore out she's worn out and
she isn't a makeup mom but you're
smiling that's better than makeup
watch the Indies way if you watched it
in this vlog leave a comment I want to
see who's actually watching all of this
cuz I feel like everybody's dropping out
halfway through so to say like if you
watch the end of this video if you watch
the end of this video you just got a
comment you're Roman soldier that's
perfect Roman soldier would watch the
end of this video if you watch to the
end of this video leave a comment says
I'm a Roman soldier perfect I love you
guys til tomorrow
smile more I'll see you then my man
