what up you guys what is going on what a
boring day I've had I've let me just say
that taxes taxes sucked but it's that
time of year where as a business owner
you have to do these things and it's
probably the worst thing about owning a
business owning your own being
self-employed is the taxes and I of
course I have an accountant that does
everything but he still requires me to
do some dirty work so basically the
government comes over once a year and
just likes to give it to me man what's
up guys hey nice to see you
wow you destroyed this place does
anybody else eat their pop-tarts like
this Cain just eats the whole top off
his pop-tarts okay so where we are
Britney just cleaned and there's not
much to clean because the rooms have
nothing in them but I want to show you
this now because we have a bunch of kids
coming over tonight not even a lot of
kids but I want to show you this now
just so you can see it after they leave
I think come on come on buddy
come on buddy whatup Gillig you Oh chase
is so mad because I just landed this
Kodama twice who does that I haven't
done it on camera yet so they don't even
know it's true but it's true hey come on
are you even trying I need some folk
so he figured out it's a lot easier if
you pre spin the pre spin the ball you
can land it a little better
there's no hay that was so close alright
let me get one on camera oh my god
I got cheat codes and uh yeah this is
like la Pira this games like flappy bird
it's impossible
so now after akadama defeat chase and I
are building a spare bed for the guest
room and things hell yeah it's like
Wales looking all dead whale did it we
did it
high fives is about Jase no Gil wait
your name chase there's a Gilroy chase
Gilroy people still ask that is it
chaser as at Gilroy it's it's his first
and last name but i call him chill roy I
just made that up I think that could be
your new name dude hey is there
something wrong with you Jack it's just
so your
I wanted to make you believe I did
though yeah somebody peed in the bottle
so I go to make my drink that I started
to pour pour into Roman because he took
my drink Brett what you did on purpose
you just want me to drink out of you Wow
I'm gonna open up Zeus's treats that uh
one of our fans sent I can't hate him
hate him sent us let's open them up oh
boy come here come on come on sit down
stay
ah way down stay leave it
okay good there's no night without pizza
everybody likes pizza it's like the it's
like the go to food if you're hungry
and you have more than two people over
it's more than four more than four it's
more than four more counts loose is one
yeah
all right am I crazy or do you guys do
this I cannot eat pizza without ranch
dressing I doused my pizza and ranch
dressing it started in high school I
don't remember what it started but it
was definitely high school I started
putting a little ranch so I could drop I
was like that's good now I'm just like
scooping it out what about what about
the ketchup and man it's okay that's
good that's really good school lunches
where those chicken sandwiches yeah and
I always did to catch a man's yeah it's
a good mix chain just woke up my body hi
is that your frown okay like this ready
go
you look like a cartoon
mr. delicate he's all he's got daddy we
got a new puppy oh no it's a seat not on
my mouth how's the puppy go okay here
you go your street no puppy said that's
good Chase has never played flappy bird
so here we go first game ever
there we go
did three jobs I don't think I've beaten
one tube I'm the worst
okay you guys got to watch this video
holy crap please laughing that's the
different swing chases a parent and me
as it was a prank
that was a prank welcome welcome welcome
to the prank world dude you're in
this is this is the prank house dude
that's my that's my life story right
there I think the whole world is is
requesting that well that's just good
parenting ain't thought it was hilarious
Kane was laughing the whole time
hey guys what what did you think of that
prank calling what did you think of that
prank so dumb
that's it person what did you think of
that prank it was stupid
what did you think of that prank no just
got here I took I told these guys that
this room would probably it messed up
tonight so this not too bad but uh
gilroys kids tonight good thing we built
the bed ain't no thing but an onion ring
I love you my beard I'm gonna throw this
out for a long time I love you if I see
them all
tell me band man put it on your chin hey
yeah all right guys kind of a kind of a
quick vlog today I think I don't think
it's one of those 19-minute vlogs but uh
so I got all these tweets all these
tweets about being on ridiculousness
last night on MTV and I asked you guys
to send me the links and sure enough you
did I actually have it pulled up I want
to show you this rob dyrdek is like
amazing to me I love the guy and to see
him watching my video is mind-blowing
and the kid from bad grandpa check this
out
so yeah that that thank you guys for
sitting me that because I didn't even
know I'd even know they told me I was
gonna be on the show that was months ago
so this was a cool surprise and I didn't
want to tell you guys that I might be on
there and then it not happened so cuz
that happens all the time but that's
really all I got for you guys tonight we
scared them kids to death I would have
never expected action like that but uh
that's it that's all I got for you today
I love you guys until tomorrow smile
more all right no more
