good morning guys yeah this is like the
oldest coffeepot it might be time for an
upgrade though yeah there's like
everything everything's like new and
upgraded and then this it does work
though it does work good it's a good
coffee oh man this is gonna be so
good
don't shoot don't shoot
Noah is on a two-hour school delay so
perfect I think I'm more excited when
he's out of school then he's he is that
was the quickest two hours delay ever
taking go to school right now run horses
run horses
I still record yeah as a sharp turn huh
and nothing to do with my singing okay
love you so much have a killer day be
good see you later
mm-hmm Dell of my kids so much I think
like having fun with my kids is the most
important thing in my life and it's like
I'm a young dad and I always I grew up
with a young dad my dad was the funnest
man on the planet he's still riot and uh
I always dreamed to be able to raise my
kids and a fun environment I never want
to be the dad that's on the couch tired
I should also say for a lot of new
viewers Noah is from my previous
relationship he is not Britney son he is
my ex's son so I have him exactly half
the week so when you see a lot of Love's
without Noah
that's because I don't have him full I
don't have full custody of them I have
them exactly shared custody which is for
our situation it's the best that I can
do it's great
so so I only have know half the week so
that's why you may not see him in
certain vlogs and it really sucks it's
really hard on on me but it's the best I
have with my situation so that just kind
of clarifies for you guys why sometimes
I don't have him Kane got some new
chapstick today you got to show everyone
how you put it on
it is that's carrots and dip hey but you
put your carrots and dip on you put your
chapstick on yeah if you'd better take
bites goofball oh don't daddy well I'm
trying to longer vlogs what what are you
doing yeah that's very useable thank you
boy oh my god don't that's too high he
went completely out of the camera don't
do it that high Oh far right no more you
gotta put the camera right here put it
yeah yeah you gotta get more Oh mommy
oh really that's - I did not take long
for Kane to wear out he came in here
I just wanna dick I need your help what
I need to take a picture
come on meet me out there meet me out
there she's gonna be like what no you're
not I want to put hanging hanging around
at the new house you're not from there
you're not hanging out if you break it
no I'll hang from the base not that not
that not the railing okay
the base okay never sure told you she'd
say that no our kids this picture either
uh it's for Instagram I got to do it
yeah well the kids don't forget to see
this ever okay well you're gonna have to
help me they have to put a chair here
and hold on you have to move the chair
and then take the photo yeah it'll be
fun
Hornets loose
I think one of the charity showed up on
my page watch the last hour hanging you
move the chair
yeah I don't know if it really came out
that you're there okay
all right man the Sun went down fast
today like what happened the time it was
just this morning and now it's 6:00
there's so much snow out here it's like
he just dropped cane off at Britney's
mom's house and Noah's at his mom's
house so when the kids are away mommy
and daddy will play oh that's what you
call snowed in we're going to Olive
Garden I can't even remember the last
part of my life that I was at this
restaurant I think last time I came here
I said I never come back
I don't just made that up
mommy's excited what the but this was a
steakhouse what I'm just full of
terrible comedy tonight so Italian food
I love lasagna what's your favorite
Italian food um chicken alfredo that's
what I knew that we've been dating for
three months I should know that that's
funny is everyone's gonna say you've
only been dating for three months we're
going on five
well we celebrated five years in Aruba
anniversary prank so yeah we're cruisin
for a bruisin that's my toes thing and
you're so you need me back somehow
maybe maybe what are you gonna drink a
glass of wine oh please lean you're so
classy it's so classy in your gray
sweatshirt I just ordered a Jack and
Coke
so that's classic for me so this is
cheers Cheers
to our new home and no kids for another
hour so definitely one of the highlights
of this restaurant is the salad and the
breadsticks these suckers are good
another good part about this place is
how romantic I am these people are like
we want him out of here
okay here it is Paolo I know you got
your chicken alfredo the kids portion
much oh yeah it still looks like a lot
every American portion is a lot it looks
like a dinner portion oh man yes
fortunate Dennis would inhale that night
Oh Kirby he would just Kirby it that was
pretty good I take back what I said
about not coming back here that's good
how was yours
delicious I mean I just eat too much
it's like Oh noodles just after eat them
they just expand and flake
well any poop wall she puts all over the
house
just got the Walmart not really our
favorite place to shop but uh sometimes
you gotta guess oh I'm so excited about
this lego movie is anybody else excited
about this I'm pumped I'll look more
Valentines all right we're back
home we had to get some essentials and
some baskets for the bathrooms and Zeus
some new dog bowls Jesus but just need
to raise them up off the ground like you
can look like a champ
eat now those and Brittany had to get
our coffee cat I've been drinking out a
Red Solo coffee hot coffee I love all
the different colors so cool I like it I
agree hey buddy what are we watching
yeah we're watching it America's
Funniest Home Videos
this shows addicting are you guys going
to bed uh-huh I love our pillows huh we
don't even have we don't even have
pillowcases yet for our bed all the way
here
I'm so tired I know I'm beat I'm
exhausted I'm gonna have to cut this
walk I'm after in this vlog it's Zeus
he's tired aren't you baby aren't you
baby hey sleepy I'm sleepy too
you guys don't want to hear that though
you just don't want to hear sleepy tell
me in the comments how old are you I
want I want to see what this I got I got
I got I know who you guys are too so I
want to know how many families we got
you have kids maybe you're like me young
family maybe you don't have kids I don't
know let me know tell me what you got
and tell me how old you are don't lie
don't lie I know if you're lying because
I know you're not 181 so now there's
gonna be a lot 181 comments or 99
there's me a lot of 99 alright guys I
got to go I got to go to bed um I'll see
you tomorrow
this is day 3 love you guys smile more
there's so much ice that Brittany can
almost walk on the yard without going
into the snow oh my god
