hey guys good morning
haha guess what like I said gonna be
hard again Diwali
alright guys you know what time it is it
is time to release everyday vlogs we're
going to Cannes always so unhappy it's
just never smiling this is what we've
been waiting for is to announce every
day vlog we announced this maybe a month
and a half ago and I haven't looked for
a while because of what we've been doing
and that is moving our family into a new
home and this has been a very hard
transition and it just wasn't vlog vlog
about this was a this is hard to be
sitting where I am right now and I think
I think I want to take you guys on a
little tour you guys want to see it
we're gonna start walking out here okay
as you can see we have almost no
furniture in the house it's empty
this is the kitchen where Brittany will
be cooking most of her life
ah hey we brought canes chair set your
chair mine that's my chair you want to
go show everybody the upstairs come on
let's go come on go upstairs upstairs go
go go
the kids area wow you guys already made
a mess so this is this is the kids area
this is theirs and it overlooks it
overlooks our area which is absolutely
amazing
hey Kane hey show everybody your new bed
let's go see your new bed yeah break
something first come on
that's Noah's room this is Noah's bed
that he picked out really nice really
nice okay this is the bed Cain had to
have a pirate ship with with
winnie-the-pooh sheets I think we need
to update your sheets we don't have it
built yet so this will be basically
where I send the kids when I've got to
edit videos right here play time we
don't have things out of boxes yet
they're still boxes and no furniture
it's all empty we've only got the couch
in the chair downstairs that's where you
pee yeah yeah do it
hey King
do you remember where your food goes
when you eat that and then where does it
go yeah I didn't teach you that I didn't
teach him that hope you can tell
Brittany's in the kitchen turn these
vents on yo yeah
I'll learn yeah you want to show
everybody the basement yeah we ride a
bike come on yeah ha child stage D
there's gonna be a lot of piggybacks in
this house so this is another place I
send the kids when I got to work
this is uh we're gonna build small more
shelving in here this is this is our
smile more shipping department we got
like a whole bunch of shirts over here
and stickers whoa dude I'll race ya okay
I'll get on this one magis so this is
the basement guys this is where I'll
probably exert most of my energy here my
big bikes
Oh wipeout dude
yeah you will do it again yeah typical
basic this is gonna be really hard when
you're about 18 all right this is kind
of a household favorite for us shake and
bake all eamorley this looks amazing
that's what we get to look forward to
every time we eat except by the end
he'll probably be covered in it this is
being good easy yes I have to thank you
for this you know I mean I have to it's
part of that thank you for the dinner he
is way better McDonald's all right let's
go to the store you want to go to the
store Kane all right get your shoes on
anyone wear your boots your space boots
you can walk on the moon yeah
all right put them on that's what do you
think in the new house I mean later
the most amazing thing is my dream come
true yeah definitely so now getting a
new house means getting a lot of crap to
put in a new house so we are off to the
store right now actually it's supposed
to like we're supposed to get a serious
snow storm tonight like they're calling
from anywhere from like five to eight
inches I've heard six to 12 inches nice
Park job on the curb no everybody seeing
you driving cane passed out that means
he's gonna be up till midnight probably
oh this would be for your kids name was
aiding what's the best smelling candles
to light when you're playing a really
good board game but now uh french
vanilla so we're trying to decide on
baby monitors right now because canes
never been actually like far away from
us in the house Brittany's really having
a heart attack never been out of our
bedroom yet yeah this is actually the
first time that he has his own bedroom
so he's always shared a room with us so
we're looking at all these cool carats
as cool as they make them cool like look
at these you can completely control this
from your bedroom this is a TV screen
you can you can control these remote
control so it's kind of creepy like I
mean they even advertise them watch them
dream never take your eyes off I like to
watch you dream up for one Valentine's
Day you know I do but it's like a
holiday created so that I have to be
extra special to you I just gonna be
like that every day I know like everyone
everyone's forced to come spend money on
some
buddy just more money look at this two
aisles of Valentine's Day three aisles
oh my god the smell is falling what you
think Zeus huh is it snowing huh come on
well for once I think the news is gonna
be right Dan go on Dan go on my aunt
it's gonna be all snowy up in here this
is like I want to go in
there's only out there life not even a
minute he's all snowy come on Superman
what happened honey
knock his feet over yeah at another ten
minutes out there I don't think we would
have made it home I passed I slid past
our road I was barely even moving Kane
did we slide in the car yeah it was
crazy
good thing we had Superman to save us I
like cameras so much that I think these
baby monitors are cool I'm pretty sure
these baby monitors are gonna turn into
prank cameras I could put these all over
the place all right Superman hey I bet
you can't get me Superman
he died Paul
you better hope this does not like that
also saves you Superman what you wanna
fight yeah yeah this this is where all
the board games are played right here
you'd be surprised how well you can play
board games on a bed like this this is
this is the board games bed the bathroom
has already been taken over by the kids
see I'm just kidding that's totally me
look at all the snow already too cold
for his ease you know wipe your feet I
had a blowout Britney ripped my sock
cane what happened to my sock boo-boo
just gonna say that Britney and I have
never in our lives had Netflix never
ever not even once
so we just got it and we actually
started the very first episode of
Malcolm in the Middle
Zeus is so tired
so si are you sleepy
I just told Cain to get a blanket is it
covers ooh sup he's never done this
before cover him up are you gonna give
him your green on oh that was really
sweet Superman these tracks are almost
already covered up I have to show you
guys my point of view like in the
kitchen doing my thing loading the
dishwasher and I look over Romans eyes
it changes sock so I want to show you
guys this video because my viewers you
guys are so insanely talented more
talent than I am everything you guys
send me I'm just like what so check this
guy out Tyler barks TV on YouTube he
sent me this video and it's just it's
just cool to see what you guys do with
my material he put all my pranks into
one song check this out
people laugh using skills and
innovations
pranking with the best of the best and
spread around the left tube all the rest
with the spot loss by law that phrase
that we just can't ignore their pranking
hard every prank is for the masses to
bizarre and big P prankster brought the
cops you can't forget it and every prank
they call this so damn committed was
just sex to the texture hangman most
contagious prank hmm
oh man police escape Ferrari Jonah
blogging with strangers in every corner
drinking a public feeding the homeless
look at my nuts dead I'm just holding
anniversary brownies healthy food and
Turkey hope run together read the
glowing up take in the world smile
foreign just laugh it up so crank it up
and play them everyday
so damn proud to say guys you guys blow
my mind your loyalty to me and what I do
is it's through the roof alright guys so
I gotta actually get back into the swing
of vlogging like I know most vloggers
probably would have logged moving into a
new home and the headaches of that and
for me it's like you guys don't want to
see that and maybe some of you do but uh
I'm truly trying to do everyday vlogs
for now on like this is my goal to do it
and conquer it I am reminding him to
like but he does something is like just
just plug it like Caine's bed almost
flying out of the truck to him like blog
so I'm bringing Caine's new bed home and
the whole thing just comes open on the
highway I just the cardboard start
flying we are going to play some alright
guys honestly think thank you so much
for sticking around this is gonna be a
new daily thing for us and yeah that's
the truth reading your comments I'm
reading comments right now
actually it's I can't even finish
alright I'll shut the laptop that's it
for today I hope you guys like our new
home this is where you'll see us every
day unless I'm traveling which I leave
for LA Monday alright guys we love you
thanks for sticking around it's snowing
so much tomorrow we're just gonna go
play in the snow until tomorrow you guys
know what to do thanks for hanging out
with us
I love you smile more
