hey guys what's happening uh hey hey
dude you want to be in the video oh wow
alright let's do it right here right
here so guys I wanted to jump on here
this is gonna be really difficult today
so I wanted to just come on and say hi
to you guys I miss you I know I'm
uploaded for a few days once I got back
from Finland I literally just shut off
like I put up the the snow vlog and then
I just shut off I got out of the habit
of uploading every day so here's the
deal
um we're a few days away we're a few
days away from doing daily vlogs
remember about a month and a half ago I
told you that in a month and a half we'd
be doing daily videos well we're only
three days away from that so we are
super excited to actually do that and on
I'll show you why in three days we're
doing daily vlogs you want to say
something say hi know you're gonna do
the click thing at the end yeah so oh oh
my gosh I got this funny video Akane
today uh watch this hey cane when you
eat your chip where does it go your
belly yeah and then where does it go
yeah I love you dude so funny
just meet him today we're just hanging
out and instead of like not having a
vlog I thought I'd at least come on here
and tell you guys that I'm gonna hang
out with you in the comment section of
this video for two hours once this video
goes up me and Kane are gonna sit on the
computer and answer questions I think
that YouTube will actually block me from
commenting after a while but I'm just
gonna hang out with you guys so to kind
of make up for my laziness so I love you
guys thanks for sticking around and just
being so supportive and loyal to me and
my family we absolutely love you guys
and let's hang out for two hours in the
comments right now ask questions me and
Kane are gonna sit here and read them
and answer them for you so uh keep them
clean for me cuz well my other my other
kid reads them too so I love you guys
until my next video which which I hope
you'll stick around for smile more go
like this gang go
