just got to our meeting this morning we
got a big meet we're meeting with Jerry
Seinfeld I can't wait so excited what
are we doing the date of power we should
oh I was sending a million dollar
product placement of anybody super
excited pranks on the big screen but
Hollywood Larry Flynt's building right
there I got a meeting there Sally in
every couple hours naked chicks come out
on the roof to do pictures of this
building right here wrapped up just
wrapped up our meeting leave over all
kinds of snacks you getting fat we just
we just did it just had two awesome
meetings this morning I'm going to get
steve-o and wrap up these freaking
pranks finally just got the steve-o's
place so Steve yeah dog it on sharing
the design man don't you like it is we
just launched your channel oh yeah watch
my videos first two videos are live oh
my god was last night fucking gnarly
oh my guys are like a drug better huh Oh
baby I think your dog likes me man yeah
that black one Oh hates me so I just
uploaded the vlog and you guys I told
you guys to go to steve-o's new YouTube
channel and you guys are killing what
five ten minutes already a thousand of
you to subscribe there's there's no
other spot that has that fucking
information is the exclusive fucking
debut exclusive launch of my channel on
Remy I would vlog yeah I'm gonna fucking
love the Roman soldiers man you guys are
killing it I love it just got out to
Hollywood we are
a movie premiere and Vitaly it's kneebar
about to perform maybe possibly the last
shot like that
perform their last shot in this entire
video finally
so tally just went into the hornet's
nest in front of the cops got jacked now
they have them in the backseat all for
you guys
mmm Steven just made an epic video and
you'll see a real soon
so what just happened dude oh we finish
the bet look at all the cops that
Batali's in the cop car we just finished
the prank for sure yeah that happened so
a Batali's in the back of a cop car and
uh yeah we're welcome to film in the
hollywood steve-o yeah guys probably all
no stevo's reading your comments right
now dude what do they say man why
everyone's the same Roman soldier but
when an asshole says that he switched
the bottles with breaking breakaway
bottles you can't do that with a real
bottle without fracturing your skull I'm
gonna be polite not true brother as long
as you don't hold it back dude as have
you ever seen sugar breath glass break
it like powders like oh my god
piece of sugar man just got back to
Batali's house and we are but oh dude oh
we are uh-oh all right guys so I'm sure
you're wondering what happened to Vitaly
day dude explain it well I said uh in
the cop car for about an hour and then
Steve I didn't want to press charges
thanks God so yeah but anyways it's the
old school bond of the cops were cool
not really the rakul about it they're
like you know we could have shot you we
could have done this this dude actually
it's really got a cop came up to us
afterwards and said because Vitaly had
his hands around his neck that means
that a cop could pull a gun out and
shoot metalli in the head yeah I swear
to God he said that well TMZ came out
with I swear to God uh steve-o said
they're refreshing cool handcuff yeah
they're refreshing dude they got a run
right away as soon as it starts so as
soon as you hit as soon as you hit bro
they got a run just editing we're just
editing it's what we do at night we just
see her and edit by the way Batali once
again new video on his channel not my
channel number number one on reddit dude
look at this number one steve-o just got
a new youtube account called it's
Evo verified by Roman Atwood vlogs
channel this is steve-o's first video
whoa that's awesome dude
sets that means one of my vlog or one of
the viewers posted this on reddit holy
crap their day gone it's dawn disappear
stop playing on your phone dude this
video dumb Denis is living it up out
here Grand Theft Auto watch this oh yeah
oh you guys killed Steve oz page by the
way 20,000 of you subscribed in less
then I'm at four five hours absolutely I
think amazing thank you guys
that's all we got today we'll see you
tomorrow smile more
you guys are stoked to be filming with
me whereas I have exactly zero point
zero subscribers without really ever
kind of stoked to be working with you
guys
