morning guys I got to start off I said
Thank You Dennis Lee this breakfast dude
thanks dude
well I'm gonna get the energy for the
day ah no it's a beautiful day urban
neighborhood headed down to the costume
shop Hollywood Boulevard we are running
late today as usual I mean then he's
taking a poop wrong get a mask out the
film with steve-o today round two here
we go
gotta finish Vitaly spray we got a crush
out our friend I hate this pressure I
hate this pressure given right there
right dropped up like that nice shootin
blanks I am a Del's costume shop
Hollywood Boulevard she drove in it's
Sunday she drove here just so that I
could get a mascot you are awesome thank
you so my love working with you and I
wish you a lot we definitely love aya
steve-o just got here with you and
yesterday's prey yeah and we are about
to go out and film our cop front we have
done please print for a while you like
that yeah they always pants okay let me
see the blog from yesterday all right
here we are
Mike Bettes California it's me Roman
Atwood Tali fucking Dennis and legendary
Sam macro our user over those fuckin ass
people why did you not judge what do you
have to say for yourself like its hair
Oliver I refuse any case I just want put
it out there man what I have like some
intense gratitude for these guys it's
like a fucking seriously
red thing that like you guys are stoked
to be filming with me whereas I have
exactly zero point zero subscribers not
really ever kind of stock to be working
with you guys yeah such an egg is the
word symbiotic because whatever they but
it's a good it's a good one
and uh and dance the fuckin thanks guys
man sucker
let's kick ass today let's do it yeah
hold in the jungle a verse reaction and
it was goal it's like the ending of a
video it is like all video is gonna be
the ending of the video we don't know
what's gonna be the ending however ash
is awesome time for a quick break
time for a quick write cameras gonna
rest up and need yeah we're taking up
right now this is too much to break
we're going back
you guys really yeah it's fucking right
because we can cuz we're in America
steve-o just hooked it up man where are
we going tonight
looks like we have an appointment at Kat
Von D's studio for me to tattoo you
myself gonna go to the most like
reputable in-demand tattoo fuckin studio
on the planet to get the shittiest
fucking tattoo my school do don't fall
I'm so excited you have no idea just the
most income did schmuck holding the gun
hey mom there's gonna be awesome and
your your your shit you're beautiful
children's letters you're not doing
their face yappity I wasn't not here
those letters any justice haha again I
should get myself some credit I mean I
did do that right there do that one
yourself
yeah and that doesn't look bad laughs
you did fuckin do you ride motorcycles
you ride motorcycles dude alright
whatever Steve Lopez whatever you say to
die the skis your Mac in Fatali fuck up
my neck uh it's good roll
it's funny when you're looking for cops
you can't find them anywhere we walking
up down prominence for 10 minutes not a
single cop and normally they're
everywhere I just want to let you know
you're doing a great job thank you might
be on YouTube maybe maybe your
good-looking guy maybe made me get out
of here what your show just wrapped on a
pretty hectic day of filming pretty
hectic
nothing completed yet I wanted like the
hardest damn thing about me to by just
walking around although we walk like a
million miles I did well on a great day
for couple days great you okay steve-o
left his skateboard in his car and we're
waiting on him so it's time to show it
up
follow me now I don't push me look out
that's gonna be awful chase you you got
it this female up still shit once again
friggin Chipotle you should tell me this
doc didn't eat tonight I did not eat I
can't about killed my stomach last look
at this view we got time for one last
one last before that's why one less
bright one over there he's getting
getting into his little piggy costume
all right ready Dowell are you ready
mama train dude even the bathroom is
awesome fitted in love you all right
well we got it this is more like a care
and effort than whatever wait until this
is more care and effort than for the
tattooing maybe I don't know I can't say
that's true but you think a teacher top
exactly the best job I've ever done
voltage tattoo shop and about to get a
sleeve by wrapped literally wrapped it
up and get back to Batali's let me
explain a little bit about what I just
did I got these initials basically be in
and K thereby steve-o which is awesome
to me uh
B is for Britney obviously Noah and Gabe
so I just did my family so all I gots my
mom left and I gotta get Vitaly oh I
still get with tapis and I still got I
still got an open star so that's gonna
be for rain if I have another kid I'm
gonna save it it's great so that's it
guys I just want to explain to you why I
did this uh it just means a lot to me
and the fact steve-o did it's extra
cooler II and uh yo Steve oh thanks for
the tas for actually love it
right there not great good bad it is
perfect so we've spent hours and hours
getting steve-o's official YouTube
channel finally finally ready yeah did
it here yeah plus diva right there love
it just everybody go check it out
subscribe to his new channel run with
soldiers the Roman
are we gonna take it over I want to see
all the comments roving soldiers it's
all I got for you today guys until
tomorrow we'll see you later smile more
oh just rolled up to steve-o's place uh
and wha boy we are hanging out that's
how the game
