welcome to rabbit booms this is the
Doozers headquarters this is where the
Dudesons play themselves what up come to
rabbit food diddly this paintings all
over the walls cool paintings this thing
took a beating
filming look at all the rips and tears
it's all that's left of our bear Roman
is talking to some other girl
Rama's talking to another neuron yeah my
posture gotcha
oh I knew you liked men you think I was
talking to some chick I did I did I
thought that you sucker that is I
haven't Brittany thought I was I knew
you've done it if we're gonna use her
for our new video what up man
are you good and they invoice from day
TVs and I what's the address for the
invoice really the guy called from
deadly place - ah value said no we
haven't even been there this is what we
keep the editors in line with edit
better do more ha ha see we have a whole
section for YouTube Wow looks like the
carolers full man guys got a lot going
on Oh baby baby oh we're Justin Bieber
actually came and did his his big hit
yeah this is where he did it hey Sarah
how are ya is this like the office dog
always here yeah that's cool you guys
even get your own candy man what's left
to have that's a great shot right there
man how scary I fasted my sailboat
before doing that start and then I'm
supposed to land into the water did you
like your just try to learn flat and
upon high water about that much in it
bought the tail bottom oh shit this is
pretty sick holy crap
huge some people from Bollywood India
came and painted that when our movement
was spreading yeah the awards table this
one what's free album very busy dude are
you busy yeah really yeah we're in a
schedule a roof about fraud department
we are ready to rock yeah who's ready to
get sent to jail who's ready to go to
the fiddling jail oh wow my name is if
I'm for so uh
the Dudesons offices are so hard to get
work done I would never get any work
down here we have everything today to
pull one of the biggest most
controversial pranks we've ever done we
have the finished fire department we
have the finished fire gear we have an
apartment that will be on fire this is
no joke today
so what we're about to do is the reason
that we came to Finland that's right
that is for the video that you can't
shoot in the United States you could
they would shut us down so bad you are
dripping wet MIDI off you only put only
people we could pull this prank off will
probably be the Dudesons
yeah the only ones that have this place
on lockdown
well we haven't got away with Marla I
really like not away so elaborate the
setup is days of planning and oh my god
so cute what's his name
ters give a GoPro on a baby sorry Bob
I'm smart aha
oh there let's start to smoke it a
little bit more yeah let's let's try it
how much it you can get come on baby
don't Congress a time chemical smokey
that's how it looks pretty real man but
that noise yeah don't cry it's okay
we'll save you yo Dennis catch the baby
baby I'm probably too baby
I think it's turning into a werewolf
this is going on oh no Frank his neck
so bad all right so we're all set up
here we got the smoke machine we got the
lighting that is flickering that's
making the flame just like in the movies
and we got a babe with the GoPro bot and
the crying sound awesome
all right guys long story short today's
prank is probably the I don't know if
it's the meanest prank we've ever done
the most controversial which is great or
just straight funny everybody has their
own opinions and you can't make everyone
happy this is just something that we
want to do basically this apartment is
going to appear like it's on fire smoke
is gonna roll out and fill this whole
place with smoke smokes gonna be rolling
out people will come up from the street
will be Fire Department fire firemen
will be holding a fake baby we will try
to get people to catch our baby yeah I'm
there they're gonna run up scare the
firemen are actually gonna bring people
in you gotta help us you gotta help us
as soon as they come up we say we got a
baby we got a baby and we throw the baby
maybe too far we're gonna oh yeah it's
bad it's bad you don't have to tell me
but this is gonna be epic either way
it's gonna be a great Internet video
something for people to talk about you
know and now we walk to our spots yes it
should be fun ha ha ha I was fun like so
many pieces and when they all come
together and get to start doing the
prank there's a pink one yeah I mean
we've been talking about doing this
prank for over a month probably and it
probably took weeks of planning all
right
honey placing so many cameras cameraman
there cameraman in the car cameraman
damn I can't show you guys much of this
prank because it's not coming out until
Sunday next Sunday or possibly the week
after but I'll show you a little snippet
live what we're doing right here right
now
it's so foggy in here I'm uploading
they're shooting out here with the fog
machines and I just uploaded the bear
prank in this foggy bathroom for you
guys so I hope you like it it's going
live and that's a wrap on today so good
Wow how many pages did we kill I think
we always save to how many people caught
it - Joey - what's in the head no it
fell off her head that was I loved that
shot she was like from when I was
standing behind him watching him
feminine things look that button good
job yeah you're gonna burn down the
building yeah hey we're not good to
throw a baby off the patio but when you
do should try and catch it I love it we
tilled it
we killed it it was great this is what
you came here for it is you know what I
don't think we've ever shot up such an
extravagant video so fast yeah it was
like reaction reaction react and believe
it or not throwing babies from a
third-story and a house fire people
still smile after they find out it's a
prize yeah come on give me a show
oh there you have fun with that
it's real-world guy
sparking
you're finished people I love the sparks
is that from the time the script they uh
I put spikes in their tires holy shit
we're back back studio thank you via
there she allowed us to use her place to
do the fire fried my mannequin oh please
tell me these are the original dudes are
the original dude so is camera right
when we started with vacuum closely crap
and then taking a beating you can't even
open it anything these are these aren't
so awesome have so much life right here
this old look what kind of humor we had
back there Steve you know you this are
the original this is what yeah cause
your nose always when he was young like
we always joked her on that this is
gonna grow into his eye he was always no
matter what we did he was always feeling
these are the door oh good morning guys
what's up it's uh must be hard to vlog
with these these would have been a lot
harder to vlog with yeah alright yeah I
had hey guys it's it's yarby here you go
awesome you guys even got your own pizza
that how do you need your own pizza
phone oh you gotta have John's Pizza
we got our mouths to fit look at your
pee it's a lot
we just stopped real quick at the
Dudesons warehouse this is where like
well first of all you a nice little
Cobra flat black matching green
Volkswagens are pretty cool but all the
props sick helmets fur coat fur hats
oh yeah just load them up with the
oxygen thing and shoot so hard you can
show through a wall if you put a
baseball here it'll go flying t see your
face yeah I asked your B all week I've
been talking you about that hat oh we
know we came here to gave me one Rocco
we did it how to make a quick pit stop
at our Murillo Dillo to jello on the
rail Oh something where we're at
Dennis is done in like a lion out like a
lamb
this guy we had a long day very
successful day very good day had a bunch
of hot wings Mexican food and it's back
to the hotel to edit this video and I'm
tired I'm delirious I'm delirious I
speaking deliriously all right wrapping
this up quick and early tonight because
tomorrow is our last full day in Finland
and we are filming we're filming another
prank ought to be for pranks and Finland
huge pranks like big today's prank will
will be something for the whole internet
to talk about oh let me show you this
real quick for a few second page of the
newspaper today Danis got a nice photo
bro I don't know what this says but all
I can read is Roman Atwood and Dennis
Roady that's that's it there maybe
someone can translate this for me
freeze-frame
ha alright guys that's it for you I'm
done
passing out actually I that's still a
lot I gotta edit this whole thing upload
it and then pass out alright love you
guys till tomorrow smile more oh it's a
joke
