good morning guys is raining of course
here at Ohio crap just got the poster
and I'm headed to Staples to get it
printed and boy I'm excited to see this
thing it's huge and I said it's gonna
take five hours to print one poster I
don't even know how much it's gonna cost
making a brand new camera in a box for
our prank today got a mount our camera
in here with all our stuff and we
filming out of the box hold it like this
it works it usually works
I gotta make a new one because today's
pranked requires stealth precision
shooting Dennis is looking for a clip
yeah man this epic clip in the same
video we're finishing up
yeah we're finishing the video and we
may have may or may not have lost one of
our best shots I don't know so this is
what it looks like when we're done man
cameras mounted it doesn't move and
there we got a wireless mic in here and
that's it
shut it well walk around she found it
yay so I'm just telling Dennis about my
massive hornet's nest beehive in my yard
and he's got a good story about I was
mowing the lawn and I hit the mailbox or
a sign and these Hornets came out stung
my temple right here boom boom and
because it's my temple where the blood
is circulating the most throughout your
whole body it transferred all the toxins
too quickly
so I time I got to the hospital I got
remember walking and checking in and
then I woke up on the hospital bed he
passed a stop pastel I don't like these
things cold again add a 150 bucks to
come remove it
I'm such a I'm such a pussy like I don't
want to kill the video I so I can't just
like transfer all I know I got I got
kids and a dog it's too much I got I
gotta do what I gotta do
welcome to the gold Mon baby custom gold
teeth make them and keep them cameras
bilbies I love when you're making a
video and everyone smiles and laughs
that's like the best reactions but it
doesn't always happen so we got to go
for our next piece we got to go into a
movie theater gonna be the best scene
it's gonna be the best scene and I got I
got the camera where is it
you find the camera where's the camera
he spot the camera this is just Chipotle
oh so bad somebody says what do you got
your fog it's a movie camera I'm gonna
say it Capote like guys really gonna
make me take my burrito out yeah and
they're gonna say I know I love just the
Chipotle code I would just love for you
to have to pull out a big video camera
bootlegging movies you're gonna think
he's bootlegging movies no I'm with no
mr. poulos's you put like hold it they
know everybody smells Chipotle you do
you smuggle Chipotle in your movies I
want to use just the glasses but they
suck in the dark so we got to sneak in
the night-vision camera where did you
find ago or so good we surveys we still
got a good sweet let me go from gear
solid imma go for seg metal these guys
are gonna bust you out
we made it we made it we're in the
theater now we got to pull our prank
watch this one whole dollar
Dennis claims that he wins every time
wasted our way not this time claw Jesus
you will stand who will go these guys
are all being held down by those Toy
Story guys there
Theatre after theater there's literally
it's it's 6 o'clock so nobody's at the
theater there's two people in one
theater we're going door-to-door all of
these theaters can't find nobody Roman
that's cutting off from Staples and let
you know that your job is ready singing
yeah the poster is ready going in to get
it right now I cannot wait to see this
thing just got the poster can't wait to
see this thing everyone at Staples was
staring at it like looking at it when I
walked there is funny they're like this
is really cool
all right I haven't even seen this yet
here we go there we go
holy crap kind of hard to tell how big
that is seven and a half feet yo you
guys are freaking awesome holy crap I
can't get enough I'm gonna look at this
all night o night yeah guys the poster
is so freakin amazing
I can't wait to frame it I'm getting
framed today hopefully today or tomorrow
just to print that poster was a hundred
and ninety one bucks that's crazy I know
everybody wants to see themselves in
this poster so I'm definitely gonna be
putting it on Facebook on my Facebook
fan page today or tomorrow hey buddy hey
buddy all right guys I gotta go tend to
the fam I love you smile more I'll see
you tomorrow it's just a prank it's just
a joke this is like this is like real
life for me this is like you're a
lighter
I knew Don them there's a joke it's a
joke see like a pair not a joke is a
fresh Oh
