we only have an hour and a half do we
have to be the airport so we're going to
make the most of it let's have some fun
guys smart with me yeah
that's it for us here at the pool or the
beach we got to go pack we got 25
minutes before we gotta be at airport
let's go Kane are you ready go home no
me neither
you wanna go home everyone say bye Beach
bye Beach I know said Tom
off to the airport here we go
Wow there's an awesome Blaine huh we are
just we got an hour to our flight leaves
which watching airplanes her that's our
plane
we gonna get on that yeah what's hot
we're leaving the same way we got here
on a big old plan
yeah
when we came Unitas the overhead Vance
please use caution and items you have a
tendency to shifter in our life if you
need assistance here in Atlanta with
connecting bytes ground transportation
or baggage claim we checked with the
Delta representative meeting our flight
Kane's dreamin dreamin dreamin
we got a layover in Atlanta and Cain is
just about had it
it's gonna get you just hairy hi little
packages that we exercise up in jeopardy
we made we made we made it I made it to
Ohio Ohio still guys all right you ready
go home me neither let's go back let's
go back to the G I didn't go back let's
go let's go back guys welcome back to
the beach this is the man's job gotta
get the bag when the bag term you're
gonna grab it it weighs so much we
packed one bag for the whole trip we
this thing 86 pounds 78 now Tim's
getting a free ride
it's free ride free ride Fridays we get
it from the front so I'm just handle
split off pick yourself are you flying
like an airplane way easier than
carrying them drag them around I guess
all day stores the mall high school
every day it feels good to me here
clumsy have we made it oh oh no it's
better hate school school in the morning
here Oh everybody hate school I hate no
it's good about school though I can't
thank you ready it's good to be home I
miss the IRAs already but that's Islands
you're always gonna miss the islands
living in Ohio you don't get to see much
water not clean water that's for sure
the kids are sacking out it's so late
were tired were beat uh we had just an
absolute blast so glad you guys came
along with us oh it's cool to read your
guys's comments we sit there and we read
oh we enjoy them it's fun for us ah
sometimes the comments are better than
the actual video I think Oh tomorrow we
get to see the Roman soldier poster it's
finally done I will show you guys I
haven't got it printed yet because I
just got home but I got an email with
the picture and it looks sick I cannot
wait to show you tomorrow stay tuned for
that I think that's it that's it for
today love you guys keep smiling smile
more we'll see you tomorrow
