I had to come stop back over at John's
house because we came up with a great
idea for my hair so we're gonna do it
right now right this guy's got some
crazy stuff we found out we couldn't do
smile more on the same side yeah but I
got you grab it so you can get yeah
we've had to put smile on this is all my
on that side and then more more on ya
little trial and error Babel minutes
though yep take it a little bigger
okay you wanna go bye-bye yeah do you
want dinosaur to eat daddy yeah
everything still yeah you want me to
throw mommy under the highway yeah
are you doing
you ready yeah yeah yeah dinosaur yeah
good job daddy really let him down we're
not going to ride a dinosaur I meant to
say staples were one of staples yeah
yeah yeah
dinosaurs yeah there is no dinosaur here
they're all gone oh boy come one ham I
done nice candy from want to ride a
dinosaur you got so excited now he
actually thinks riding dinosaurs we're
just going to get office supplies it's
really weird because of you guys we now
have an entire shipping department for
smile more gear so it's really weird
having to come by office supplies all
you guys think of my hair be honest yeah
smile on the side I don't even see it
and then I got more why do you got more
on the side of your head
basically better see it
nice all right you totally beat me I get
it you beat me enough I'm gonna go tell
an employee what you're doing I need
your help over here we're playing tag
are you going big decisions here you
know what Kane wants to eat white circle
all right you know that got my soup
looking these pretzels mmm
and what'd you get girl cheese these are
mine I want to show you guys caterer
secret handshake I'm so full hey
everybody's leftovers push it push it I
did I catch that I don't know I dropped
you guys puppies
guys you see a new toy at the store
Bryce we drop little caterers off and me
and mommy's going on date night
not really eight nights for business we
have to get some shopping done
pick up some right the right place yeah
all right we just got the Mojo these
guys to hook us up with some sweet gear
check these out you guys want some
different different ones gray and black
beanies a lot of them like yeah now I
think I like I like the gray a lot oh
they match your pearls well I like the
grey my eyes look really green just get
to the pleura small and it is dead
luckily there's nobody here we kind of
got them all to ourselves I don't think
there's many people here I could be
wrong I got to find a suit a nice
tailored black suit oh man I gotta be
blocked wear that suit shiny black I'm
gonna be shiny black at all the time the
biggest suit I can find so goose hanging
out like what's the guy
receipts real big I don't know all I can
think of is what's his name Zuccarello
off the office can I got a dressing room
with you yeah they got some excellent
board games in there like even Monopoly
looking start Thanks so your fan yeah
yeah
Mehta fan and the changing room we're
changing together and he's like hey I
know you
my mom we are getting suits huh yeah me
too
you want to do you wanna look for the
shirts on this side of the house because
those are not yell 15 34 35 I mean just
came up with a grand idea seriously why
not smile more ties would you guys work
some more ties to smile more smile I
don't know some kind of desire to smile
want I don't know I'm a hyped up huh
alright found the suit I'm all suited up
you got the whole thing in this box I
gotta make a call I bet you guys can't
guess where we're going for dinner I'll
give you a second no go ahead
they know they know you guys know can't
resist that bloomin hug ladies welcome
to my Outback Steakhouse I'm gonna I'm
gonna put one of these on our house one
day just like one of them lazy nights
where I'm not funny I'm not well no I
just I'm not about anything it's tired
how's that steak
it's like lonely nights where I'm like I
don't feel like I should upload because
it's so boring I'm all clogged up Hey
I've loved a lot for you today
listen to me listen to me I'm a small
more representative and I sound like a
who certainly would be talking everyone
does get down you know what I do when
I'm down I stare at a clown
just laid back those hyper in the mall
when are you hyper don't blow my cover I
don't know guys I don't know are you
cool all right like a pig I didn't even
eat even I had some steak and some steak
no ribs no ribs I just want to give you
a flower
Oh bunch of pieces I decided that one
cart wasn't enough for me tonight at
Target so I'm I can move it how would
you like to be the sock model yeah
actually it is
get me to values what are you doing why
don't you just hang on oh just give you
a little push they're so cool the Lego
monkey bird I can't wait till Caine hits
the age where he loves Legos cuz Noah's
grown out of it and now I just look like
a freak play with Legos by myself
you guys are the best toy ever made oh
you're alright no I'm not oh baby oh
baby looks really good like that's a
smart company because who doesn't like
chocolate milk plus alcohol like I do
you think we got kids and I got my
hairstylist working on me so I can look
good for you got he just all of a sudden
wants to brush my hair
some home it's just one of those days
man I don't know how do you guys get
motivated I've been real dragging today
this little guy this little guy it's
kind of heck yeah dude cop in my face I
love it yeah gotta call it a night
I'm gonna get some sleep yeah busy day
tomorrow before big plans can't wait to
tell you guys but I'm not gonna tell you
till tomorrow
surprise surprise puppy surprise how
many puppies are there inside is that
for me yeah looks like a commercial
get your own orange you can have it
thanks though all right guys sorry about
the last few days having off I was
completely sick stuck in bed doing
nothing I'm sick all the time in the
winter like listen to me right now
you're probably like blow your nose
mother-effer anyways I'm gonna cut it
short gonna go to bed have a good day
tomorrow busy day tomorrow I'll bring
you guys along be back on the daily
vlogs for the next few weeks probably
won't miss a day for the next few weeks
and then we're on everyday vlog so I
love you guys thanks for being so
patient I've been better though I think
the last two days is the first I've
missed in a while so love you guys till
tomorrow mob
what are you doing this is kind of like
the kids do not try this at home type
neighborhood you know
