wah-wah-wah see thanks Cora welcome guys
welcome welcome to the vlog I am up I am
now I haven't done this forever but when
you when you break a phone and you
replace the phone you've got to like
dump it all on your computer you can use
cloud I don't know how you do it but I'm
like dumping this all my mistakes
literally all very long time cuz I don't
do it I don't keep up with it anyways
Britney picked me up a new phone
yesterday which she was very excited to
do it's pretty nice the hello what phone
is that is that the tip what is that
what phone is this xn I came people with
stuff rock walls being used almost every
single day these kids live on this thing
she put hammocks at the top you guys can
sleep up there yeah ropes working on
that we're working on that we're gonna
make it so you can go up and over to the
upstairs maybe take that railing off put
a little like a little okay that's not I
wanted to start this video I want to
start this video because I accidently
thought when I was a kid we used to do
this thing and my kids have never heard
of this maybe you haven't so you can try
this it's where you take your arms come
and vlog me for a second take this this
will work really well for me and you
probably can ride through a normal door
way you take your arms and you press on
the doorframe for like 60 seconds press
on all right mm-hmm
press on I want you to do it all right
no I'm scared no no it's not bad it's
cool so push on it push on it okay I'll
hold that hold that
give it some push all right and you're
gonna do it on normal doorway alright so
let's cut this and in 60 seconds and one
two I can't wait 60 seconds cuz your
face you're like worried don't be scared
just hold it you're gonna like it it's a
mental thing it's like if you guys have
done this you know what's gonna happen
to know he doesn't know it's not I
promise it's nothing bad thank you it
hasn't been a push are you ready to try
not yeah look at please guys okay I'll
tell you what let go and see if anything
see if you notice anything go ahead
nothing that mean I'm super
disappointing maybe I did it longer
maybe okay here's what's supposed to
happen when you do that and you hold it
when you when you're done do it Nana did
you ever do the thing where you put your
arms in the doorframe and you hold it
no not that but that's yeah now you're
gonna give a bad idea no when you like
press and then you would let go and your
arms feel like they're floating up my
glass no you see a--which eater was
there anything left honey first of all
hi did you ever do the thing where you
put did you you put your arm in the door
frames and you push and then after like
a minute not the climb thing that's what
she said
no climbin you pushed and then when you
were done it felt like your arms were
floating am I crazy
we used to do it all the time okay maybe
try a smaller doorframe come over here
okay no okay hey everybody everybody
listen up okay I just googled pushing on
a door frame trick all right the science
of the floating arm trick press on the
backs of your hands against the wall
maybe it's that way just press on the
backs of your hands against the inside
of a doorframe for 30 seconds you'll
feel something odd your arms will flow
up from your side's I'm telling you this
works we got to do it okay so I did it
wrong okay instead of pushing for arms
like that know that yes now just you
don't depress you don't depress hard you
guys have to try this too in my crate
chase Veronica did you guys never do
this floating arm trick and the door
frames when you were young come on
it makes your arms float come on I swear
I'm not making this up it says only 30
you don't have to do it very long like
30 seconds how long has it been ten more
seconds and then King you're gonna try
yeah you're gonna float in the air
alright try it try it try it
maybe I pressed maybe you press hard I
don't know going an idiot right now yeah
I think the harder you press the more do
it chase right now do it no that was
full floating so put your arms this way
the trick is you press hard pressed out
with your arms hard and then just apply
as much pressure as you feel comfortable
for like as long as you want I think the
longer you go the better it's gonna be
the mean thing we're
we're all gonna be photoshopped I
promise you this works
you're all gonna those that try and get
it to work you're gonna love it
everybody else is just gonna have on
faces looking at me all funny like how
long has it been
you think it's been like all right try
chase come on give me something give me
something come out yeah you're right Wow
yeah see I've been redeemed it's cool
right you're right yes we're Noah's like
dang it that's right now my arms my arms
they went up by themselves all right
what'd you just say
again I gotta catch Noah
all right walk out game you wanna give
it a shot so you believe me now yeah I
wasn't making that up I really fought
for this one your highs honors I really
feel like nobody's even heard of this it
don't try it oh my gosh the boys are in
one room doing weird things but you guys
might have topped it it's might even
more weird like a lot you could use a
ladder she can take all these girls out
you know imagine you're just spreading
it all over so if this doesn't get
cleaned every like three years it gets
full of like dust and flies and bugs
maybe just maybe because just maybe
you're shorter let me try get it get
those bugs over there so yeah yeah get
that dirt keep that dirt boy that's one
you almost got it and what's got it we
should play a game and put what the
balls up there and see if you can get
like in the thing not even right you
know what hang on let me see
that's a black guy you know let me see
that looks like she got punched amber
setting her up Brett you washing it off
you know like it okay
so we have first one we came out in the
store the girls Brittany is you know
where we have a date night tonight
Brittany and I are you excited are you
ready
does that mean no stop it should I not
um here's the thing like we have a date
night and I
ready let's go let's roll she's the
hammer girls like doing black eyes and
okay what do you want me to look like
you mean serious about this right now
really put that hanging in it in oh shit
you were coming here to do makeup no we
would go now you do black guys in purple
contacts distracted
y'all distract it out here Chi Minh
Chase is distracted what even is oh
mylanta
is that a bald cap so wasted so far it's
just like Texas for pennies so you like
you kid that's you well then you would
map you would you would fix it with
makeup and stuff right and contour why
does it go over your ears that's
ridiculous oh that's true oh geez yeah
why would it go over your ears oh
because it's for full face for what you
match that it's it's very subtle
purple you put the black eye there now
and you're gonna like jacked girl
everybody's gone nobody can hear us are
you excited for date night I'm sure
you're not even getting ready those fake
ready this is like playing out in your
little shop out here oh yeah huh you're
gonna your eyes gonna hurt you bitchy
good do whatever you want
sure like what oh oh
this finger that you have just wavering
use that to hold your lower lid down but
oh my gosh contacts users make it look
so much easier they just pop them in so
fast oh jeez no these raging giant
lights make you realize how many Falls
you actually have like I would hate to
sit and just scan my face in front of
these lights dude I'm like three
different Reds I'm like all types of
colors in front of here it's not gonna
cut that what if I let go the sword ooh
what if you miss exactly all right ready
what baseball bat see that nothing
little baby Oh see it's too bouncy it's
like a bouncy ball dude yeah what's your
finger right there just a little chop
low onions okay let's see if I can chop
this cone let me see I need a little
slither off that cone how do you kiss Oh
making fire out here is really just
through sparks look it's nice Miller
Brian already got it fixed look at that
I would put a little tape on there
though what are we going straight down
the middle bet you won't yeah I the
samurais he's gonna hit right in my face
that's it Brian that's it Brian
give me you guys look at nice and clean
that is clean dude if you needed
something that bucket you could get it
just slice the tailgate in half on
centration is only two troublemakers
only the chief can eyeball it
okay go mmm you gotta come and take the
bathroom over to what happened your
little studio outside I love it I love
what you've done with your yourself wait
you have the contacts in oh I can see it
yeah that's great honey I promise I'm
gonna look I'm gonna look real real nice
for you know what I'm gonna do how am I
gonna look nice there's no chance I can
even look nice I don't even have
anything to wear yeah yeah black shirt
black pants
where are you one t-shirt that you wore
to your premiere
color Dean no this look good no you're
gonna wear this no no don't you like
mommy's hair deep Mickey Mouse we shall
return we shall return love you boy I
love you have fun Mikey okay
she just ran straight for the door so
you ain't leaving you can't leave us
I love you love you too buddy bye hey em
hey bud don't touch me don't knock the
hay off my back all right we are on the
move Britton I got a long kind of
awaited really date night tonight kind
of just out enjoying a little time
together and we got a pumpkin uber and
how many kids you got man you got car
seats back here and all kinds of stuff
back here
I guess that's in case we brought our
kids earn No maybe yeah yeah kids times
is rough and he looks that guy looks
really familiar
he looked just like this guy that works
for us that we you know good friend of
mine a country in the house top man you
shoulder doubled in size this week
that's amazing presses new coat lady
it's the inflatable and the inflatable
countries work for a good friend and
it's it's it's more than work but he is
very good a security detail and he helps
you know the family whoever it is mom
and dad Brittany and I the kids get in
and out of places especially we're going
to NF concert which is one of our
favorite artists right now and we share
a very big audience with NF so country's
always there to make sure the little
trap doors yeah like you're gonna get
into here
the Bears we're like overhead in the
vents
that's where it's country nose out
against he's a big part of us going out
and being able to do normal things
especially with the kids
I don't ever show it in the vlogs as it
feels weird but it's it's kind of
difficult to do a lot of family things
together in public so big guns here is
always there to make sure we're just in
and out smooth and we're always there
for you guys we never ever say no to a
picture we're always there for you guys
as well it's just it's so much smoother
and especially on a date night have a
little like peace of mind you're gonna
go ahead and give a special shout out
right now through Nate himself the man
from and after letting us part literally
beside his tour bus for his show tonight
amazing super nice so we're inside nf
concert last time we're at NF he was in
a venue half the size and I told him I
said next time I see you it's gonna be
way bigger I want you to look at this
place
okay so we are kind of are you pulling
them out right now she's in snapchat
color you would you get it out that easy
no they're like not variable so we are
obviously waiting for the show it's like
I said I think I said earlier that we
should share a big fan big Lucy wanted
like the Terminator oh you look so we're
kind of waiting back here it's absolute
chaos I purposely did not tell I never
posted anywhere that we were coming to
the show and I think you may have posted
like weeks ago can't wait or something
the sports incredible you guys are
incredible you're everywhere it's
absolutely incredible and I was looking
out there a big dog Congrats buddy it's
awesome we're just chilling here and
kind of waiting to go in I want to add
one more thing I am NOT probably gonna
film any of the show maybe just bits and
pieces I don't like giving up just like
we did it 21 violence just like clips
cuz I don't wanna give up their show
it's very important to the artist so you
got it you got to flip the W you gotta
flip the W wait you can't pop them in if
you can't pop it in you have to do it
from the back if to go backwards
hey yeah there you go you got it nailed
it oh it's it that's it you got it
Congrats
alright guys just like that working into
current day I didn't film the class come
on in bud come on in I'm just ending the
vlog I didn't film almost any of the
show I just don't think it's my place to
show you guys the show it's kind of like
something you got to go see for yourself
if you want to see that and I don't want
to spoil it for anybody that hasn't
already seen it that mean you're just
coming in here like a zombie right now
what's up so sleep real Kane right here
you know I'm vlogging right yeah that's
super happy excited all the time we love
you guys so much we will see you
tomorrow I had a wonderful date night
with Britt obviously and that's it
anyone jump in for the ending no pain
come back we love you guys hope you're
feeling good I hope you're feeling great
let's keep the vlogs rolling we're gonna
start today's and yeah that's it
anything to say book anything say boy no
don't tell him you got to chicken
dinners last night better I did you did
and he's hosting custom games on my
computer so everyone probably thinks
it's me but it's actually no anyway so
we got to go love you guys so much
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
