you can fire me at the goodwill we got
to get some supplies for today's prank
classic classic public prank today yeah
I can wear these I can I can wear these
purses this is Liz Claiborne this
Claremore it all under under then I like
that huh that's me
so we got our purses ha ha ha ready go
pairing it up dude if they had a broken
keyboard I'd buy a broken keyboard
that's funny so we got to get some
purses today for this classic prank you
guys have seen our first prank before
maybe not it's not even on our channel
anymore today we have a different idea
different approach chased oh well to the
left to the left rights to sharp well I
have a better angle to the right so I
guess I gotta have it tight against the
wall so that way nobody steps on the
string yeah it's taking a purse break
make it a purse so today we have a
rubber snake inside a purse well people
go to pick up the purse and a rubber
snake comes out of it it's super classic
simple I've never seen it done no they
won't because that one maybe lad that
would actually find Dennis just broke oh
how do I miss the Ohio State campus look
at all these people just walk-in walk-in
walk-in
No hey there big boy how's it going
Dennis in his natural state you guys
usually don't see him like this because
when the cameras roll he gets into a
different state Ammar but this is real
this is just logged in earth right here
oh wait well it's me what's up guys
tuck guys guess you're more teeth
there's so many Subway's here that
there's two back to back and uh pretty
soon there'll be Subway's inside of
subways just conserve space shuttle from
world Oh got you good man hey you can
have the dollar though just got that guy
so bad he stops his bike jumps off
that's all right no you think he's hot
yes wait you got white a Steve's too
it's just the teeth Oh Charlie you know
what people tell me I look white and I
can make people tell me that I look like
I don't care what it is I take your
finger white to smile
thanks for the flash beat Troy
wait if last about to go
I love you James's food to the flash
drive two four five oh shit I hope you
ain't get this all right all right we're
out of here you guys watched you guys
watch the pegs yeah we watched oh no oh
what's your favorite video the nerves
yeah wanna go oh you want to take a
picture you go telephone
uh-huh let's do it all right hey man
you're the man dude getting recognized
by little kids in the hood that's that's
it's getting harder to film old black
women old white women little kids I got
to change my look man I think I'm gonna
get a nose like this big eyes eye that's
you mean it's still me though on it we
leave our mic everywhere so you might
see a Miss video this print a coffee cup
it's Mike it's actually our Mike it's
our wireless mic and we'll set it near
our subjects and we always leave it will
be driving 20 minutes away sometimes
right oh sure Mike we got to get the mic
as we're getting closer you can hear it
in the headphones are the garage is
always free no $10 whoa it hits the tree
I got
to train
imagine
dude I would honestly jump into that not
what that's crazy
I don't know yo would you jump onto that
I think I would it's not that high and
it looks like it's awful that is cool
right there that's coal it's a long cold
cold day of pranking we're now getting
into the evening we're about to call it
a rat we're trying to get some last
minute shots
we can actually have the purse right
there I just saw two people mm mm
our scooter I did I'll see you later dog
I'll see you later
yo yeah Oh B I'll see we out we did not
get the video done we shall wrap it
tomorrow so you guys will have a Sunday
upload you got a P go P right there
right now hurry up quick okay it's pee
break
Pete I'm with tool man Taylor all right
Jesus house Oh
dude chase came in where's the spaghetti
why is it not ready he took like three
bites out of your bowl some changed my
mind I had to cook it I had to actually
reheat it cook it for myself
and so that oh she our home it's all
that's left of the Christmas tree the
kids are here what's up guys what's up
guys you got to tell him jelly yeah how
to show you guys this this is incredible
this guy creative mind on YouTube sent
me this I'll show you a quick clip of it
dude you guys are way too freakin
talented that video is insane I can't
believe people can draw like that my uh
I actually did a drawing of myself
that's pretty similar I want to show you
guys that check this out
are you making fun of it I thought it
was ears yes that's mine Kane who is
that Wow see I'm a good drawler I'm
gonna give him a quick shout-out because
he obviously watches the videos so go be
creative minds YouTube and tell them you
want a picture you drunk maybe he'll do
it
no one are playing the coolest game ever
Call of Duty take a hike check this out
Lego Marvel's you Iron Man right now yes
awesome alright guys I gotta go
cut it a little short I know but I gotta
call it Mary I gotta get this pregnant
tomorrow
that's number one that's first priority
get this pregnant for you guys so you
have an upload on Sunday no promises
I'll let you know tomorrow if you got
ordered uh hopefully I think you will so
I asked you guys yesterday if you want
me to do skittle challenge on Facebook
most of you said yes so right now as
this video goes live I'm posting that
picture of the skittle jar my facebook
page Roman Atwood Facebook Roman Atwood
go there leave your comment leave your
guests first person to guess wins the
smile more package and maybe something
else tip so go to my Facebook and smash
that comment section leave your skittle
guests leave as many guesses as you want
but I got the number and I'm ready to
reveal it so go leave your guesses and
I'll tell you I love you guys until
tomorrow
smart let's go let's just let's see
what's on the radio
in the me
