just got the East End a little bit too
early we got our meet up tonight gonna
run into running find some new shoes
Bernie's coconut water the water always
makes me choke too excited they got all
the shoes I've been looking for thank
God
I've been digging digging digging for
these so we're eating at champs it turns
out that ABC six is ABC six yeah ABC 6
wants to do a quick interview for our
five-o prank plus 28 I'm going to shoot
a quick interview for uh them so i'll be
i'll be i'll be doing the interview by
the way around looks like this oh i hold
the microphone the lady doing the
interview for ABC 6 asked us what we
would do if the cops show up and arrest
us at the meet up tonight I said there's
any cop there
the guys are freaking out no one's
worried about nothing we're just gonna
go check it out at all these people at
the people waiting
these people are yes man for Roman the
meetup might be changed we might have to
like move you guys out hey how's it
going tonight
hey good how are you gonna go ahead and
ask you to leave for the evening thank
you have a great day wait my name is
chase yeah my name is Rob this is
private property we're gonna ask you to
leave for the day didn't we tell all
these people to like head somewhere else
I'm afraid I need to ask you to leave
thank you okay
we'll be back so what's going on right
now I don't know ask her first we've got
a meet-up we were 10 minutes late -
there's cops everywhere right we might
not believe we're not doing they've
already told Brittany and Gilroy to
leave the premises and that we're not
allowed we're gone they're my fans good
for you guys plea they told me
completely so this is for the fans we're
going in there if we get a rest of you
get arrested for you holy shit it didn't
get this approved ahead of time through
marketing public relations okay we won't
film them yeah you guys hate money can I
take them to this field over here this
big field
hey that that's that cool let's go let's
go I'll get them all over there so
what's up fine oh my god how you doing
sup man you guys do I get one to the
field everyone in the field they're
going to arrest us if we don't let's go
this is the order damn I thought 1520
people would be here
look we're on the news hey there's the
police I look like way wasting a lot of
gas and waste a lot of gas I know
semester
that's wicked so one man what's your
name Shane Shane drove two hours three
and a half three and a half hours to be
here we've got choppers and everything
else
tell me your story real quick go on
filming for a TV show
high winds at thirty fifty miles an hour
crash helicopter four broken ribs cousin
saved us all
dirty broke his ribs in a helicopter
crash yeah and he drove here to see us
awesome it and I'm going to show the
helicopter crash on the video awesome oh
yeah
I drove five hours from Chicago and I'm
not leaving until you sign one of my
dirty balls hey we were just sitting uh
about 6:58 over at Easton from the
Cheesecake Factory where you said we
were going to be we're going to be and
the security guard came over he's just
like eager to see Rome and I wouldn't
were like yes and he just goes heard you
gotta leave now we have to tell out ya
know for real and he was like and we
asked him like what did we do wrong to
say to like make us leave and he's like
you were in a group of four and you were
lore during so you got to leave now
oh when there's 100 other people sitting
there in groups like 10 there just said
you know what I think they were just
discriminating it's cuz I'm a jinja's
just got some solace man did let's go to
me you want to fight now
fan fan Roman at the meet Oh
his real name is Roman what - Romans at
the same eat up huh whatever this guy
gets my $400 belt no you're not
that's for being that Gucci chillin I'm
sure the basket for my glasses oh I know
all night you know what I'm talking
about
wrapping up the night that's a good
successful night guys
no arrests we worried for no real idly
for the first time no I think why I had
up that actually fans game every time I
do it nobody shows listen listen we're
old guys that's why we old I think what
happened was ABC 6 talked all that shit
scared us like the news does best they
scare people man they want you in your
house scared it worked we were like I
don't want to go to fear be good but
here's my question how much money did
Columbus spend on us tonight
it was like cops every we had a
helicopter guys a news helicopter fly
over our meet up I can't wait to show
that the wall
- I don't know probably a quick vlog
that's all we got for you tonight guys
see you tomorrow smile more what's up
man you guys mess around the cemetery
all right you have an ID on you
you don't need mine come on yeah I'm
here investigating a complaint but once
again another complaint for no reason
how many is this this week
