Wow
good morning Ohio another beautiful day
gotta eat like kings to prank like Kings
right here man McDonald's
are you okay I hate when people crackers
I can like
mr. case you guys are wondering and you
are wondering we're shooting this video
with these glasses these are these are
video camera glasses and boy sometimes
they just don't work we'll be shooting
halfway through our video and then all
of a sudden they don't work so this
morning we've already spent 20 minutes
in the car just trying to reset them and
and I've already stomped on them twice
didn't help at all
what do you think about Ohio's weather
man is shitty and bipolar every day so
yes tomorrow gonna be 50 degrees today
is 10 degrees and snowing he nailed it
right there folks
what's your name Ishmael
Oh
yeah all right my friend proofer room
I'm switching things up today we're at
Easton Town Center Columbus Ohio trying
to pull all chase went to the bathroom
trying to pull a new-style prank that
nobody has ever done or ever seen we're
good at that we're good at that kind of
look like something off of like Ocean's
eleven dude this is probably got a
stroller full of equipment a bag full of
cameras up and when all you wanted is
big smile I forgot my phone in the car I
don't know should go back and get it
shiny my phone it has lost that is fun
probably a lot like everybody is you
know when your phones in your pocket but
you panic like you forget oh my god
where's my ha there yes like this it
happens to everybody my brother all you
screen agers sometimes I feel like all
we do on film days is eat look at
pulled-pork mess Doodlebug doodled
doodles come pouch you can check all we
eat a lot
you got to fuel the bodies what's
furious Pete saying he says stay hungry
stay sexy get laid
Tran applies to everyone at this table
except these two so since I'm on a diet
I decided to get something that would
help me lose weight oh my god look at
that
you
you got so tired I'll see how you can
get those tire trike is enough
shoveling pounds of sugar in my mouth
finished eaten just finished eating and
we are got to get some sports supplies
so that this prank we're doing you got
to be a sports fanatic sports fan and I
hold this for a second I've never
attempted to jump back
I mean how you get this started
oh we've already proven that I can't
show almost that I just need to be in an
area where I could do it nice do you
think if I can ask you a question do you
think of our wear that hat it would help
me play more board games maybe yeah so I
want to play more board games I hope
that hat helps
alright we're calling it a day we just
had really shitty luck it is did a great
job
I had the sunglass cameras the film Jase
was filming I was filming we get back in
the sunglasses weren't filming so we
missed half the shot which was probably
the money shot the best shot oh but no
matter what yeah yeah you just got a
mama yeah I guess it's really hard right
now man yes alright I'm getting my stuff
and I'm leaving out of here man I want
my my soldiers to get at me
I do you so much you guys
okay I got my seatbelt on now we can
talk she said the worst thing happened
great great prank goes bad
not because of reaction but because the
camera work dude I'm done with him
glasses I'm done with the glass babies
time
yeah yeah I mean they're they they have
the monopoly on the glasses dude I don't
know where else to get them right we're
home we're home at last huh you get a
boo-boo
we kiss it yeah yeah yeah ha ha mine Oh
London Bridge is falling down yes
all right so we got better tools no and
I are gonna attempt to build a much
better cardboard gun that took a long
time to tell you that our first cut out
it's a big gun
it's uncomfortable it's cardboard way
but we put duct tape on it they did
Mickey Mouse I'm not a gun yeah man I a
newsie yeah yeah I drew out of crap use
you were gonna try to cut it out now
yeah
are we gonna paint one side that's wrap
on today the new prank is not one up
till Tuesday I thought we would have it
up today Monday but it's going up
Tuesday
it's way longer edit we have so much
footage I got to go through some I'm
just trying to do that for you guys to
x' day morning instead of Monday morning
um what else what else what else Oh
smile more beanies a lot of you asked
when am I getting new beanies we finally
got them in they should be available on
the site now you don't have to uh they
don't say how to stop there's like 60 of
them 70 of them tired so yeah if you
want one of those there's about 60 or 70
of them um well order more and we're
trying to get more these things have
been kind of a pain for us so uh that's
it for today guys kind of a crazy hectic
day we tried like three different pranks
we finished one we're trying to do a
bunch of public stuff for you guys
everybody's been waiting on public
pranks we're doing some fun public
pranks and that's about it till tomorrow
guys smile more the cops ran us out
kicked us out for life we're never
allowed to go in there again I think we
should get two people that look
identical to us to go in there
cops will show up and it's not even us
