good morning good morning everyone I
just got out of shower
yikes oh I'm ready to go
Italian dentists have been sleeping all
day I got my own hotel this um I got
good sleep Missy Talley
you Frank what are you working on in Oh
catching some lines you know what I mean
catches the line just about to leave
Tom's office to film a new prank for
Battalion Tom they look just stunning
Oh y'all done hi all day guys I just
that's his redneck voices come on come
on I all done with the Russian redneck
it's right here read it so we are about
to have some fun with a big fake Lion
2x4 I have the best viewers look at this
I'm just god I just uploaded the vlog
and somebody said Mythbusters 28 says
Roman as a Roman soldier I apologize for
missing you and Vitaly on the show I
downloaded the app but I freaking slept
an hour too late oh that's cool you know
what I mean like who's got you should do
that actually under vlog read some read
some comments
yeah that's coming from Vitaly and
getting advice from Vitaly
oh that's cool Mythbusters 28 I love you
we didn't miss much and in the other
office
we got Dennis working hard on his new
prank video look how's it going love I
wish as far as my McLaren of this guy
this car want that car for Dennis's got
another one about the drop he's working
working working
we can't afford our own office so we
just saw three times I'm vlogging my
vlog I don't know who seen the Martins
video you guys all asking me I'm flying
it to Florida October 1st or first week
of October and I'm doing a follow-up
video he's getting his teeth in part two
is coming so relax
Oh part two of the Martin homeless video
but I was doing it guys we were back at
Bob Evans in Kentucky and Batali's
practicing his English
hi I'm doing folks how y'all doing folks
hi all hey y'all doin hey y'all do I'm
not famous
ba-baby yeah beatin amazed hey guys tell
me oh yeah taking a quick second to find
a spot to prank and they got this
awesome skate park here in Kentucky
I've never seen this before what's your
name in my name is Kendall Kendall good
name he's gonna show us how to ride a
bike let's do it
alright Batali's in the the prison
restroom look at his say I think it's
where they filmed saw stuff for some
refreshments thanks for the Gator if I
don't give me a byline I got my I get a
second win enthusiasm ah you're working
papa
oh man Vitaly are killing this prank
chasing people you're sweating I don't
know I've seen stuff water ha ha sure
now waters good waters good dude I think
we've been subway 3 days in a row three
days in a row subway I'm playing three
days in a row dipper sub each table
minutes looks like he got in a fight
this uh ha ha ha
whose chicken just picking off the plate
to fill all day tomorrow at the OSU
Buckeye game we got something up our
sleeves there any watching in oh you
want yourself
so we made it to Columbus and I am
headed home I'm not seeing my family it
feels like forever we have been filming
so many videos
whereas in Kentucky yesterday and today
so I really messed them I can't wait to
go home I don't know it's midnight now
so it's kind of me and be like I hope
somebody's wig down it and get home it
just in time to wake up in the morning
it filmed for almost gonna fill 18 hours
tomorrow so if we crank it out guys hey
baby Hey
do you miss me hey sit oh good boy
everybody's asleep huh so it's just me
editing alone did you guys like the
collaboration Italian ice channel the
dog pee prank and the five-oh prank all
these are the first two pranks of many
pranks that we're filming also let me
know if you like these two videos
there's gonna be a lot more coming this
is all I got for you today this vlog is
kind of sucky I want to mention one more
time we'll be at Easton Tuesday at 7
p.m. at the fountain ah behind
Cheesecake Factory you're in the area
come by hang out have some fun right -
all you Roman soldiers out there I love
you I'll see you tomorrow
smile more oh dude I'm still out of
breath that was the scariest part that
by far the scariest prank I've done
awesome hahaha dude
