good morning guys well it's beautiful
some Heather is awesome day headed
downtown to be on the morning show asked
like local pranksters jackass type dudes
that are from right here in Columbus
Ohio will tell you who they are and
where you can check out some of their
awesome videos uh turn welcome to the
Blitz tower who are waiting to go on the
Blitz right now Talley Dennis the Menace
Gilroy hump enough cooler all honesty
man you know like I watch a lot of stuff
we get a lot of people to send us stuff
and you know I appreciate everybody's
efforts you know I mean I think
everybody that's doing something
creative it's cool whatever it's just
not everybody's a material you guys on
the other hand are beyond a material in
my opinion I mean the videos are really
something else
watch this watch nasty little throat oh
god you want to touch it oh baby we got
our colors was it black red green navy
maybe it was me one time italics
forehead smile more my ass did you see
that in the Tally's prank I don't know
if anybody caught that in your video oh
oh looks great
so Vitaly I didn't want to tell anybody
this but Vitaly just got Dennis and I
some sluts he got us some sluts which I
didn't think was appropriate at the time
but now I'm thinking these are just
funny man oh man I really called slut no
time to waste we were off to Kentucky
where the cows were born
that's tear-stained water we're heading
to Tom's house Tom a Louisville Kentucky
to
thank you
the crickets thumbs up oh hey but you
got a beer in your hand already working
with beer yes it's a pregnant working on
it's not really a beer oh this is nice
oh if I didn't the boys look good
somebody put the boys hair oh wait
what's this assistant Rome that what TV
come on here dude
it's setting at y'all channel lupus oh
yeah it looks weird yeah ain't and when
you get a second I don't like to meet my
friends Brooke put the red dot nice the
red the red the white would have lit up
Lee that was black I just found the
first thing to do with my smile more
stickers waste a bunch of reading stop
come on bro I'm doing schoolwork
talking to the microphone so we're about
to go out and pull I'm super nervous
about this comp right yeah are you wanna
do know you can do it I just got out of
I just watched you got off probation so
you can do it if you get arrested you
get arrested ah someone out as the dog
the big fluffy doggy I'm gonna mess with
a cop
I mean I'm filming me and Dennis or
filming you can do you think so you're
ready to get arrested
go ahead yeah so we just saw this police
officer rod doing this prank and Romans
got some balls he's going to go pee go
to jail
shit Wow like my bird
No yeah use the cranky cuffs so I should
be Slade is gonna like sch√ºttler shot
far Blair sharp rock worshipper
sound all right Roman any any last words
this is the last time Vikings using a
piss on his car
amen so yeah I got plenty of business
there he goes
stupid idiot these beautiful combo
well I can't believe this deal and remi
gaillard style that was awesome oh holy
dude I'm still out of breath that was
the scariest part by far the scariest
prank I've done awesome
hahaha dude did you see him like reverse
to me
he's you I I can't believe I can't
believe that I rest in you hear the bad
news leave that we actually drove past
oh I'll be like oh he went by he went
past yeah we drove hey dog this dog
walks on two legs
Oh in the world doggone I don't know you
see that dog alone oh look at me they
see me trollin and pranking patrol
rangers breaking hurry Chuck and just
breaking dirty cut it up breakers dirty
broke this wagon hey I get just breaking
dirty Muhammad Muhammad Tommy Tommy one
hand what hand people
so I'm sure you guys wonder what it's
like to go to dinner with all these
youtubers let me just hey how do I trim
this video tally and I are wrapping up
both epic pranks
both up there and we nailed this weekend
we got to not of this weekend this week
two epic pranks going up right now
they're up right now on both our
channels you got to go hit them smash
them destroy them I like the Roman
soldiers oh yes in the Army I got to
send the whole army in you guys got to
send the love share them love them and
see if you want more cups you brought
like you're doing after this no no I am
so lucky man we got so lucky hey I want
to throw out there we are doing vitally
mean Dennis are doing meet up this
Tuesday night at Easton in Ohio Columbus
Ohio on front of the cheesecake fact and
behind the Cheesecake Factory where the
fountains are if you're in the area come
hang out with us we would absolutely be
honored to meet you come out and hang
out we're gonna have a blast yeah don't
be shy don't be shy I promise it's gonna
be fun maybe you guys can pull some
pranks with us
so no Vitaly did a really good thing for
this homeless guy but he never told
anybody he took Martin socks
oh right guys I need the whole army
everything we got I'm calling on you
today because Vitaly and myself just
uploaded brand-new pranks and I know you
guys have been dying to see a new prank
so please please go to both these videos
let them know the soldiers are there to
your time to shine guys I love you don't
forget to smile more I'll see you
tomorrow yeah pick you back up otherwise
you're gonna end up in jail
go away
Oh
