what up guys I'm tired I feel good I
figure out what am I talking about I'm
going crazy today
I think I sounds so stupid to you guys
but my instagram my instagram is trying
to turn over to 100k and believe it or
not I've been waiting on that for seems
like forever
yeah do destroy the whole house yeah so
anyway I'm just it's early and I'm just
sitting here waiting for it to turn to a
hundred it doesn't mean you'll follow me
I don't want that I'm just telling you
what I make sure go follow me on
Instagram now I'm just excited about it
it's been a long wait
just upload of the vlog actually it's
still um it's still processing actually
it's not even up yet so try get back on
this blog game you know living the day
this blog game this floor game I'm
selling my soul for this blog game I'm
guessing by your actions that you want a
train track built a big train track yeah
okay I think I could say anything right
now he'll say yeah you love the Roman
soldiers you do
are you in a Jeep Cain loves the G chase
Monica's Jeep mommy got her oh right a
place called Panera not really a hidden
restaurant they're everywhere I think
grill this is just a king day aids
getting grilled cheeses what he's
telling everybody but everything's just
yeah right now yeah
yeah yeah you could say anything he'd
say yeah Kane do you want to fly into a
building do you want daddy to jump off
the roof yeah do you want me to throw
egg at your head
oh my god this looks so good it looks
like a commercial it's mainly that
that's what a commercial looks like
commercials don't knock out the bread oh
can you believe that I'm never coming
back ever like we're at the River Valley
Mall right that's what this place is
called magic oh do you find a bear don't
pull his head off we need the head for
other people
Chase is looking for new shoes dude I
found them right here bro yeah that's
you that's for size what size you wear
show on it you think soon you're gonna
fall over my carpet have to stay or
later no nothing
it makes me want to throw up right
that's pretty bright and you'd look good
in this
never leaving
again
ah okay let's look at the bikes
okay let's go can I get you these just
in case you run too fast it's the human
dragster yeah I could just put Kane on a
rope and I can run with him save 80
bucks really people can really please
I don't see how that I don't see how
they do that yeah yeah yeah
one more time redo it's good
are you having God actually yeah yeah
yeah what people were 546 for two years
did it that was mine landed out here he
did land on it no I must ban that home
plate
oh now you want one too boss ain't got
no this one you go you know you're the
boss
okay look at mommy
so we're back home it looks like it's
bedtime but it's not it's not Li 5:30
hey what uh pretty friggin comfortable
you want me to airplane it all right we
go catch up we missed we missed oh we
are comfy Wow
it's probably not good to eat hot dogs
laying down no caner you sleep Yoko yeah
you better I'm gonna fall
this is what happens hmm five minutes
later he's either asleep or he choked on
a hot dog
so Brittany's back in the room
exercising and I'm bored to death
because my little my little man couldn't
hang this is the peaceful side I came
he's out he's out
so I'm bored I'm really bored so I'm
about to make a post on Facebook which
is what is your Instagram name I want to
come say hi much because I'll pick some
random people so as soon as I post this
I'm gonna jump on their instagrams and
say hi to him
actually do that in the comment to this
video - what's your Instagram name I
want to I want to vlog coming and saying
hi to your Instagram maybe feature some
of you guys Instagram got some cool
pictures so I want to do that cuz I I'm
sorry instagrams my favorite like
Facebook's good Twitter's good but I
love just pictures I love looking at
pictures so alright guys so I'm probably
just gonna spend the rest of the night
hitting these guys up on Instagram
saying hi and stuff like that so there's
not gonna be much to show you he's
passed out and it's about our day so I
love you guys - vlogs and rope I know I
shouldn't even be bragging about that
but uh I love you guys trying for three
seats mall lobbyists mom on heelflip
first try
