what up guys what is happening with you
hi it's been a while girl it's always
been a while wait is over I'm giving the
vlog camera way today and you guys gave
me a lot of good ideas because there was
thousands and thousands 17,000 comments
that I had to choose from so a lot of
you just said load all the comments and
then just scroll Scroll scroll and stop
randomly that's just what I'm gonna do
I'm on my way home right now I think
Ariel's
what what why hey Kade you look just
like a duck all right so I'm on the
video and I guess I'm gonna do it a lot
of you guys said it let's just load all
the comments so this is what's taking so
long it's just hitting show more and
then scrolling oh come on
and then scrolling through all these all
right so I think I made it all the way
to the bottom you can see how little duh
I mean we need to scroll Scroll scroll
Scroll scroll Scroll scroll alright guys
so I have loaded all the comments on the
video I said the best comments would win
but because there's like 17,000 comments
what are you doing dude popcorn wha yeah
since there's way too many to count
I've decided by your guys's vote that I
would just scroll through randomly which
ever name I land on gets the camera so
here we go
here we go I've loaded all the comments
there's I mean look at the little bar on
the side it's huge crazier so bitty you
want to do it yeah hey you have to put
your two fingers on there and stroll
okay I'll help you I'll help ya
okay you totally don't know what you're
doing if you want thrown across the room
what you do
okay you want thrown across the room
yeah okay here we go ever comment the
arrow lands on takes the vlog camera
here we go here we go I'm just gonna
scroll Scroll scroll no idea different
directions all directions and stop there
is RC aquatic I love your chair oh I've
told you that that's it that's our
winner of the vlog camera right there RC
aquatics
do you want RC aquatics to win the
camera ah okay
there you guys have it that's the winner
of the camera now let's give away some
shirts like I said every comment is so
good like I said every comments so good
that no matter which one I land on like
that it's a great comment love a chance
our family watch it hi I know there's
gonna be a thousands of you that are
upset you didn't read but this was an
animus I just scroll Scroll scroll and
whoever it landed on I'll do more
giveaways Wow pain has really been a
part of this vlog today whichever one
the arrow lands on gets a free t-shirt
here we go here we go alright Jays echo
Jays echo free t-shirt smile more here
smile more stickers Kayne do you want J
to get smile more gear yeah alright
there you go J hey whichever one the
arrow lands on get stickers there we go
okay Theo tactics dear Roman my name is
Theo I'm a fat email hi Theo tactics you
get t-shirt and by the by the by your
comment I'm assuming you need an extra
extra-large maybe extra extra extra
large I don't know
hey came come here do you want do
tactics to get smile more stuff okay you
guys heard it
there's our giveaway I should start
doing a scroll giveaway every vlog you
guys would love that
everyone to get a shirt yeah yeah okay
everyone should get a shirt paints the
master
since Gilroy helps me with absolutely
everything in my life
Noah and I are headed over to his house
right now to help set his kids
brand-new traveling into Santa Claus
brought over this Christmas so we're
gonna go set that bad boy up keep
filling it it looks like Chase had it
almost done by the time I got here I
know I couldn't even help timelaps we're
about the cage you animals I'll put this
big cage around you he'll flip first try
bunny play do him first try but they
look so terrible it's like I'm dying I'm
dying in midair I look like an animal
coming out of hibernation when I land
got the trampoline all built up now we
are headed home no and I are out ski
let's go
Brittany and I have no kids tonight
so we're going out on date night with my
brother and his wife - it's her birthday
and my mom and dad what are you thinking
no kids tonight honey I'm so excited
pretty excited - they've been so
terribly or greedy and crazy and just
fighting and I'm so happy to just take a
chill pill yeah never told you guys how
much I love paying for gas like I love
it sometimes when gas stations aren't
open I just I just come up and throw
money at this machine all right
I'm stuffed Shady we stopped it Brittany
had to go to the bathroom right now like
pull over I got a PE bathroom right and
I couldn't touch anything back yeah
we're kind of in a different type of
neighborhood but they were closed closed
which is weird and what clothes are
doing shift change but he had the doors
locked and we were like ask him to come
and come and he finally came over open
and I convinced him for you I'm glad I
don't pee things I do I can get our
leftovers already like big
Oh guys that about wraps on today what
should I do about giveaways cuz I want
to do giveaways a lot and I don't feel
like luck should be involved as much
like this time I had to there's too many
comments but like guys give me some
ideas on how I can pick winners because
I want to do a lot of giveaways I have
cool stuff to give away you know and I
wanna I want to give it to you guys so
come up with some ideas to help me
figure this out anyway there's no kids
tonight so you know what that means
we're gonna play some board games I love
you guys till tomorrow smile more it
dozens and dozens of donuts coffees and
uh it's really cool this homeless guy
soon as we pulled up he
