your down is very early in the morning
get ready set up a massive Christmas
tree right here by the men's Faith
Mission shelter they did we're gonna
cause a riot thank you lady here's what
happens we go there to get tables
because he had awesome gifts in a tree
and the ladies like no you have to have
this approved yet to run this by us yeah
you got to get approvals to even give
gifts out the homeless people D so what
we said do now how ask for forgiveness
later right yeah so she's in there
thinking we left we're right outside the
building in a different parking lot get
me set up so we do yeah through these in
I step one step one complete what you
need I guess I'm fine I had the star up
there oh you do oh we are getting
this tree red there's already so many
guys coming out get ready to uh well
they don't know what's going on yet but
they're just interested I would be too
it doesn't he dozens of doughnuts
coffees and uh it's really cool this
homeless guy as soon as we pulled up he
came up was like how can I help man let
me help you set that up it's been out
here freezing cold for already forty
forty minutes 45 minutes setting this
tree up with us man
awesome the smallest Argo ever see on a
12-foot Christmas tree it'll look good
uh looks huge from here man you've been
a big help
what's your name Ronnie Ronnie mm-hmm
what do you think about guys coming out
here giving you guys Christmas yes oh
man I think it's lovely thank god bless
man god bless you I'll finish yes it's
gonna be fun yes sir hot coffee donut
donut you appreciating that real thank
God I got off the bus right here man oh
yeah yeah y'all just pull it up here at
the faith mission this is gonna be great
it I can't wait see all these guys come
out get some warm socks and gloves yeah
uh-huh
yeah down on the bottom running oh man
so Ronnie and I go he shows me where to
get the tables and when the lady tell us
oh man she said that we couldn't do it
we can do it good he said we can't give
anybody presents because we may not have
enough for everyone yeah everybody gets
a participation trophy yeah we got
coffee we got darkness we're gonna make
it happen we got a bag extra socks we
got all kinds everybody's gonna get
something done we got everything even if
the police show up they're gonna get
something doughnuts we got no no house
we get about 20 minutes we're gonna let
everyone come out and get real gifts
already yeah yeah it looks good though
is it pretty
yeah
yeah good nice hair eggs take a picture
of me what a treat we got lots of donuts
coffee's cups there's already so many
people gathering Wow you're welcome
did you get a female one got fish on it
yeah you're it that's good you got that
right thank you
bus is going over great you can see in
the background we've got barely nothing
left under the tree we got a lot of
smiling faces actually a fight broke out
did you get your this fight breaks out
in the middle of our Christmas morning
all about Dennis went up with the
glasses like hey it's Christmas my
business hey guys it's Christmas it's
Christmas boy don't say sorry man
Derek he step around the sleigh zipper
on this way don't make no worse you're
not an erisa magic bitch all go talking
 it's Christmas it's Christmas it's
Christmas
well that went over great we are headed
to another area where we hope to find
some people sleeping somebody on the
streets actually wake up to Christmas
morning that would be amazing it's hard
one to pull off I'm actually wanting to
start the video with that scene so
hopefully this area we're going to
there's a lot more people outside they
don't have the mission to go inside
things like that so we'll see just got
to this Park and there's actually guys
sleeping behind this tree there's a
bench Museum so dudes sleep and
hopefully we can pull this off Dennis
and I thought to add to this little
adventure today we would get elf coffee
so we're gonna be handing out our gifts
as else I don't know about for every
shot but that's like candy cane this is
the coldest I've been in a long time
it's not lost I'm cold to the bone my
bones are full let's get her Elfi
healthy's so we just got an amazing
amazing reaction and we come back and we
find out the camera is not recording
audio no audio the mics are on got
everything working and no audio that's
devastating for us it happens time to
time with with wireless mics when you go
out of range of things but we're not out
of range we're very close up and we have
no audio so now we're running out of
time we're trying to get the mics fixed
um somebody said hey Roman look what I
did for you guys on minecraft can you
please put in the vlog well just so
happens that I'm vlogging right now
there you go see see I listen to you
guys you go Harry Harry Brotherton well
we just do what just happened oh we just
had a an amazing video so much fun we
miss everybody's like Christmas
they couldn't happen it was the most
emotional I've ever felt filming we just
got this guy gifts dude I was a Moute
like it was the best thing I've ever
seen it may not be a prank or something
crazy but it was beautifully they didn't
expect it they didn't expect it they
walked up they woke up today not
expecting this no and you're not dressed
like an elfin I am ha ha hey ah Merry
Christmas guys I love you and tell Roman
to make some smile more boxers so when
the flap is a smile more there so no
it's done funny girls up and sounds big
Weiner hang on Merry Christmas bro
I'll see you in a week
alright guys thanks for coming along
today yeah we had a blast just the
daughter to be able to help people like
this and uh that's all I got for you
everybody have a very Merry Merry
Christmas and I'll see you tomorrow
love you smile boy
