good morning guys holy crap you
destroyed my email almost 700 photo
submissions since last night I cannot
believe how many you guys sent and I
should have been more specific yes I'll
send these anywhere in the world it what
came okay we're leaving we're going to
Zoo today you have to see this guy on
this bike here day
we got a pink lemonade he's never had it
is it were no good hey is it good
Kate is the show stealer everywhere we
go can't compete with this kid we're
killing the pizza what is your favorite
pizza BLT you know you get it everywhere
everywhere that they have BLT pizza
that's what she gets and it has to be a
little personal pizza she never shared
with anybody but me and hanging up the
old-fashioned pepper cheese so we're at
the zoo dude are you ready let's go the
Columbus Zoo and zoom easy Bay is right
over there
my place is always all right they got
dinosaur island here we gotta go check
that out that's my fish my gosh oh that
is
thank you anything guinea pigs these are
guinea pig these are yeah these are
river otters a river otters small quad
river otters he's gonna come say hi to
you came are you all right hi I love
that say I do
well the kiss Oh elephant like that dude
these guys are so awesome look at him
come dude what's up dude you gonna brush
them out yeah let's go look in oh say
what Candice said oh my gosh she's
awesome
one let's get a dozen yeah what up what
up looking for my girl looking for my
girl
I am a Roman soldier like a lie there's
little was at West African or South
African West African pygmy goats I think
they stole the show there I love that
freaking go I want one whoa whoa gray in
black one I want do we can put the
donkey in some good we could put a
saddle on it and ride it through the
yard so he found the smartest animal at
this whole zoo it's it's amazingly hot
he's just chillin by the fan
Oh
that's a smart reindeer you know what I
mean they fly around the world once a
year the liberal presence of course he's
gonna stand in front fan they're smart
polar bears
they're all hot and sweaty that they
won't get in their little lake
let's asking some questions about polar
bears if you want you want to go cuddle
up with the polar bear yeah do you want
the polar bear to come eat you yeah okay
we're off to take a train ride with the
little one
are we gonna get on that is that yeah
right now yeah are we gonna go fast
let's go fast
so when you guys go to zoo what is your
absolute favorite animal to see what's
your favorite animal the elephant in a
monkey I knew that mine would have to be
some about them polar bears it's like
amazing Ostman one of them is so bigger
I wish she would have came out I
couldn't film him but the rhinos are up
there I love seeing the Rhino he just
looks like a bat he would just Massacre
anything in his way he's massive beast I
don't know
so what's your what's your guys's
favorite animal doesn't even have to be
at the zoo what's your favorite animal
mine's mine's got to be the rhinos
pretty awesome and Britney loves the
elephant Kane loved the polar bear the
most he wanted to hug him and kiss him
and get eaten by him and everything
there's some escape geese the ice skate
goose okay
let's chip let's chip chipper day okay I
don't know you guys don't even know what
Chippendales is probably not the strip
club either it's all cartoon
Chippendales chip chip chip chip & Dale
they were the Rescue Rangers Oh
does anybody remember the Rescue Rangers
you know he likes camera
do not want to fall down into there
don't fall down into there that guy is
beat
he's just worn out I don't want to move
am I going down there either was good
did yeah yeah we're about to hit the
road
hope you guys had fun at the zoo today
cane smashing some dippin dots something
about lemonade lately I have been hooked
on lemonade everywhere I go dinner
restaurants anywhere I go I see lemonade
and I have to have it out of here
off to go get Noah from school he's
getting out of school and by the time I
get there so he just picked up known
from school you have a good day to get
in trouble right so daddy likes to hear
we are banging out the homework around
we know uh-huh you got my Wiggy
okay little dude all right we're not
getting any homework done fine we gotta
read hey I'm doing anything you're
distracting me
yeah one gotta read this what a day what
a day what a day what a mite a good day
guys thanks for coming along with me
today to the zoo with my little one and
Brit zoos always awesome I love animals
always have always will
so rhino comes through my door and then
I can't love them too much
I checked the current emails on
yesterday's giveaway blog and I'm
speechless honestly God seriously
there's we're pushing a thousand photos
a thousand you know what the size of
that poster is gonna be it's gonna take
this entire wall the whole Roman army I
mean I'm gonna have they're gonna be
like this big each picture I bet it
takes that entire wall it's gonna be
like the most amazing thing that's ever
been printed this vlog channel is about
to get really fun in two days I got my
man vitalyzdtv coming to stay with me
for weeks we are going to dominate the
prank world on the Internet
that's it between our two channels you
guys have so many epic pranks coming you
know you've got to watch them all by the
end you're gonna be like what's left
there what is left to do you know I mean
I'll be covering it every day on this
channel so you guys keep up-to-date on
what's going on and what pranks were
shootin em and little spoilers guys if
you missed yesterday's vlog I did the
giveaway if you missed it click on the
link at the end of this video soldiers I
love you thanks so much for watching
today I'll see you tomorrow
smile more I'm doing a giveaway today
it's cool giveaway hey I'm doing a
giveaway today yeah
you
