good morning guys let me tell you a
little bit about my day I woke up this
morning early to upload the prank in the
vlog and my internet crashed after hours
and hours and hours it is finally almost
up the prank is almost up what's up now
but right now it's not it's almost up
and I'm sitting on my buddy's front
porch stealing his internet because he's
not home
luckily his Wi-Fi works else can you
read go eat oh hold my hand it's got the
Denny's we love Denny's breakfast it's
so good for you and healthy that's a big
one did you get mommy eggs bacon and
toast
something about right how about you k
what'd you get ah pancakes syrupy
pancakes you're gonna be wired you ready
take on the whole world after that I
mean dance
hey I totally missed it but Britain came
just one double price - at once one
three hours oh my god three bucks to
play that no it's one dollar but it's
our third try oh you won - at one - with
one frame I've never seen that actually
I climbed all the way up there put that
on there just get to the post office I'm
gonna go inside and open a p.o box
because for some reason you guys keep
requesting an address I'm gonna open one
up I had to get an application for a p.o
box because I didn't have my passport
with me and a photo ID so it's my fault
I should have known to bring my passport
- the best time is just got the Easton
again it's our spot to go I gotta get
some new pants today Brittany likes to
bleach my pants so he said or is it C
bleach yeah right Bren brand-new washer
and she gets bleach on my jeans can't
believe us
yeah you got some shirts she got some
shirts I got my pants I got green pants
that's a new color for me
never wear green but Brittany likes them
so the more that she likes the more
bored games we get to play she Nanami
mommy and baby mommy and baby you like
that game no he would he would totally
jump in there I know he would years and
years ago I did a front flip into this
fountain it was awesome you know I just
like I didn't land on my feet I landed
on my back but I did a front flip into
the spout actually I have video of it I
can probably find the video and put it
up can you got some girlfriends did you
meet some girlfriends are these your
girlfriends I love my clothing stores
has toys for the kids so mommy can shop
baby can rock say hello say hi all right
we're done here we go home cane yeah me
too you're tired he's gonna he's gonna
fall asleep in the car he will
definitely fall asleep in the phone so
let's get this Bo box done I brought all
the paperwork I need this time I thought
it'd be a lot easier
so out of there now yes I got a p.o box
and funny thing is is I grew up in a
little little town called Miller sport
Ohio super little this is pretty much it
and I could have went to like a big big
big post office but I came to the one
that I grew up at this is when I used to
walk in with my mom when I was in a
stroller like baby baby and I came here
to get a box they only have probably 20
boxes that's you know medium size big
size and I got one I want to be the
first ones to tell you guys are freaking
awesome looking at the prank the new
prank the broken nose prank constantly
Roman soldiers represent and destroy in
that comment section I love you guys
I love you Kay loves you talking about
smile more you guys got me lit man every
time I go to a video even other people's
videos I'm starting to see people put
Roman soldiers on it's epic it's amazing
makes my day so much better that being
said tomorrow's vlog is the official
giveaway vlog finally got it all
together figure out what I'm gonna do
it's gonna be super fun the Roman army
is gonna have a blast with this I can't
wait to do it I want to do it right now
but I got a hold out till tomorrow you
guys gonna wait til tomorrow so I got
the PIO box today I will put my p.o box
at the end of this video and in the top
of the description if you guys want to
send me stuff feel free that's why I got
the box and I can send stuff back you
guys gonna be awesome I'm looking
forward to that big time alright if
you're Roman soldier let me hear it put
it in the comments below
smile more guys I'll see you tomorrow
every not every time I go
because every now go is that normal
