what would happen if somebody was
forming in the store what shoes what
sure yeah yeah what what I'm like take a
picture for me why no no don't last time
I'm gonna be here goes under and you
know what yeah why are you grabbing
you're salting one both what Hey salty
me go this is a soul
she's release written role I was gonna
buy this but now I'm not office gets
pissed I just told my oh I'm taking a
picture go well you get lost or what are
you getting so angry just taking a
picture I was gonna buy a bunch of stuff
but now I can't what's up guys we got a
great day on planet earth we're alive
and we're awake which means we get to
smile and we also get to drink vodka
it's breakfast how about how about good
morning cheers to the team to the team
oh yeah you're drinking healthy weight I
just want let you guys know normally I'm
not a raging alcoholic just on Thursdays
I am
I'm so little I'm such a lightweight I'm
using like I'm drunk so you got an extra
shirt for me to wear it in I was all
telling them how we confuse just telling
how we don't drink much you got an extra
shirt I can wear I do it's gotta be
somewhere here oh maybe is it maybe down
here um does that we're behind the Grand
Marnier Oh
maybe over here there it might might be
behind the vodka yeah this is sweet in
tequila my tequila yeah tequila shooter
yeah oh it's my thumbnail this might be
a thumbnail of the video tequila Julia
oh no to kill yeah I made so much more
sense like the caps crack I know it so
it doesn't leak the chase happens to be
a really good snowboarder so he's gonna
try what I failed on tremendously
let's see it it's actually really
difficult
one thing's for sure this bike is not
going to be seen that's just not gonna
happen the ships yeah that's the same
chain that they actually tied the
Titanic up to the docks when they'd pull
on that is a killer business card
because anybody could hold it up to
their face yeah yeah everyone wants to
take a picture yeah he's got it everyone
can sexify their face hey I'm Alex
Mandel this is uh bamboo real bamboo do
you guys know that bamboo grows up to 3
feet a day that's one of the fastest
growing plants in the entire world is it
3 feet or 4 feet it's 4 feet is it not I
really don't know three and a half three
point six two three one eight four so
it's it's a very fast growing plant in
other words this grew in about four days
I hate when I have to park my car out
front it's not fair man it's not fair
roaming it's also not fair that's not my
car I told you now how to park here I
don't know all right that's it yeah one
day I'll have one of those one of those
bumpers on that hard in also you want to
go we'll talk some shit talking me like
that boy you
that's what you get for talking like
that to me we just want you good son I'm
sorry I'm sorry I've been I've had a
drink I'm sorry it's not your fault
there's kids around so I noticed I seen
a lot of comics you guys asked me what
it's like vlogging in front of people do
you get uncomfortable do you feel out of
place and sometimes you got to break out
of your shell you got to fight that fear
like this guy right here just button
into my my stuff no but you got it you
got to do what scares you that's that's
what that's what feels good if it scares
you do something every day that scares
you that's a good motto somebody said
that it's quote that's an actual quote
do something every day that scares you
so just find your fear and overcome it
if it's it's do if it's if it's
performing in front of people try it
just try it pick somebody and try it
like this
rise my sister at work and it's so good
excuse me
you need help sweetie yeah let me get
that for you this one the larger yeah oh
thank you hey you know what grandma
you've been so sweet to me over the
years but I want to I want to buy your
your whole cart here oh can i buy
positive that's very sweet
no I want to I want to take care of you
for their help that you've done for me
yeah I know but next next life we'll do
this thank you thank you Kate even buy
groceries for people I can't even buy
people's groceries am i ugly what is it
is it my is it this once you realize
that most people are looking to be happy
they do then you'll be a more
comfortable just being yourselves if
you're worried about what other people
think about you that's your first
problem you just gotta jump you just
gotta make the jump yo me and my bro
we're looking for some produce I'm gonna
go home and cook it up yeah we're gonna
go cook yeah man
and we just go all even shopping all day
I want to go all hey I'm just playing
I'm trying to make you smile no smile
give me a smile come on everybody's
needs to be happy
you're smiling you're smiling what would
happen if somebody was filming in the
store what shoes
what sure yeah yeah what what I'm
writing about you for me why no no don't
last time I'm gonna be here no hundra
know what yeah you know what hey yeah
this is a soul
jeez Louise spring roll
I was gonna buy this but now I'm not
office gets pissed I'll just pull my no
I'm taking a picture oh well you get
social what are you getting so angry
just taking a picture I was gonna buy a
bunch of stuff but now I can't
we're headed to YouTube space and uh Los
Angeles and I'm gonna be one stage me
and Vitaly are gonna go on stage and
speak about how much we love what we do
got to the you to phase this is so
official where do I put this on my ball
on your bike
what would your samal set I got my
little name tag I'm not walking into
YouTube registration I already did that
I'm just kidding I'm looking for Vitaly
I was drunk I brought the girl home God
block
did I get you though I was right through
it I was I was ready I look for cameras
on a teenage rebel during our enemy
throw me through this tree no fades for
the laugh please welcome to ghost with a
last week
your recovery will stop tell me this is
a video no okay get a smile wait for the
flash video Toby's always a good sport I
never play sports
let me do this
yeah
fuck everything should be in slow motion
for my blog or your blood it was think
hey hey oh yeah what are you trying to
do
I'm using the bathroom come on do the
famous I'm gonna use the famous use the
bell use your famous line the famous
glide oh the famous on is chocolate how
about use the bathroom we're leaving
YouTube right now what happened in what
an epic party it's probably gonna be the
buttocks good if this logs gonna be
probably called the best vlog ever cuz
it was a lot of limping inside of this
fucking log well if it's Halle spun me
around like a dancer shit
that's actually hot and everyone's like
a team I didn't know well that's all
become freakin oh that's not all we got
today just you you made me tell some
girl how much you loved there and I do
love but how can I be in love if I
brought a girl over my house yes what
was your mother that stupid prank
Oh until tomorrow
smile mom you said more showing him the
beautiful beautiful Venice Beach there's
a real ugly side to this place to you
though
like that pile of meth I just stepped
over
