good morning guys we are downtown
getting ready to finish up a library
prank we've been working on actually
we're doing it all over from us but
today we're gonna finish it up here at
the library so hopefully no cops today
that would be good
actually it might be better if there's
cops you know what every time you put
that hammer on me I'm always on my phone
you live on your phone it's on you I
don't think I've ever seen you not on
your phone this is Columbus State this
is our our smaller college community
community college so a great place to
come film however its small so that's
good as that history was kicked out one
library already today this will be
number two probably sure well that was
quick
second library gone completely
inappropriate
I was awesome they hate the property now
Media Yankee Capri quake they're calling
the cops for sure she's on her phone
when when wait I just ran into Mario
himself from the video game Mario
Brothers man what's up hey doing it's
honor to meet you man thank you thanks
oh what a nice guy expecting like good
mother curry right mari punch okay don't
do that stuff again it's not funny you
got too many people around here they
crack it up and you got little kids and
paint a little kids in there well that's
it that can't be but don't do that so
again boy why do you want you really do
that well could you laughing won't make
people laugh
maybe ain't no it's like picked on me
you know it's nice to meet you
it's a fat me you don't they don't
want to go around thank you people you
know money just get away all right we
are at the famous Thurman's cafe who
actually who's that guy at your man vs.
food man vs. food came here and did
their giant burger challenge Berlin
since 1942 latex plays all the knowledge
we put all of it we got to put a dollar
on first thing to do the whole walls
variant cover and dollar who do the
Terminator
oh my god it's things it's a big burger
right oh yeah oh dude I really would out
guys I did the chicken fingers and fries
cuz I'm a little kid yeah thermos and
Dennis got the therm inator it's this
called Terminator because the Terminator
you should Arnold Schwarzenegger is a
part of plastics here's where all the
guys the big meatheads that come and get
Terminator Jim alright I get a good
y'all get a good shot of it for you guys
so we got our markers and our dollar
bills we get to marker them up and paste
them all over this wall ah Jason yeah
doing this chicken burger hey buddy
Oh
we finished my dollar check it out check
it out
I put this baby somewhere like that
we've been added been added to the wall
look out mini there are probably a
couple hundred dollars in savings just
on their walls pranksters pranksters
what you gonna do what you gonna do when
they prank on you what wraps another
film day we filmed all day kicked out of
three libraries and a computer
I don't know what you call it another
building with all these computers kicked
out of there four places kicked out if
we never get you down to places and
today we set new records four places
kicked out and we got it all on film so
that will be in the new prank which
comes out this print comes out on 8
September be it's a long way away
couple weeks few eats whatever Wow
alright guys so the longer I try to make
these vlogs the shorter they are it's
like I just got to film everything I'm
still getting I'm still getting used to
this this is new for me so huh sorry
this one's so short I know you guys are
gonna want it longer I don't know how
you can watch me for ten minutes
straight six minutes you guys tell me is
too short so I'm gonna try to increase
these make them longer for you and uh
hey I'm still doing everyday it's tough
it's tougher than I thought especially
with this little wrapper
running around so I got some homework
for you guys for the soldiers for the
Roman soldiers how cool would it be if
we had an official logo Roman soldier
logo for the army something could put on
everything just cool stuff and put on
this video like watermark something like
that what do you think anything cool Wow
yeah maybe I don't know if any of you
guys can help me create this logo just
send me anything you want have fun with
it create a comon soldier logo if you
guys want to help me make one just send
it to me on Facebook send me one on
Twitter if you don't have either one of
those um you can you can hashtag it on
Instagram just send me what you can make
let's make a logo for our army man let's
put it on everything but stickers and
every I'll send them to you guys that's
it for today guys keep in mind we got
the only army in the world that smiles
that's where something keep your heads
up I'll see you tomorrow don't you guys
see how beautiful Britain is right I say
hey I is frickin yes
prize like over here over here
