jeez hang on hang on hang on let's guess
there we go what's up guys welcome to
the vlog got a very fun unique vlog for
you today half of it is kind of crazy
the other half is home with the family
I'm just excited to be home it is a
absolutely beautiful outside perfect day
to be out and about and get into some
mayhem like today should be you know
what let's just continue the ball
because you totally yourself that could
not even happen and then I'm just
talking out my bud I do want to know
that I did not charge my camera last
night so I really screwed up I did bring
a charger so that I could plug it in at
my next location hopefully get some
juice cuz my camera not looking good go
get it let's go let's have a fun day
guys hope you're OK feeling good up your
hope you're thinking positive I hope
you're ready set any problems or have
just set them to the side during the
duration of this video and let's have
some fun together smile a smile baby
somebody interesting place to find you I
figured this you deserve at least this
come with this come with a dance of any
sort this is part of the banana split oh
I can't go any further
okay as you stopped by buddy oh is that
is that for me what is with you and
McDonald's this right here is the finest
bacon egg and cheese aged to perfection
John why are you still like alright guys
just got in the suit John and I are
working at my local ice cream shop this
is where I grew up right here I come to
this place when I was a little kid buy
popsicles and the owner is still here
you just got a share what you remember
me as a little kid coming in here and
and what's what's a funny story do you
remember anything everything about you
are you serious
what's one thing that I do remember I
remember you would never ever tell us
your middle
are you serious did I ever tell you yeah
you did the last time you were here and
I forget what it was it's it's it's
Bernard it's good to be back tell you
about hate can you make me milkshake for
real you guys want you guys want to
shake dip I made a milkshake you know
man
if I make it milkshake to know how many
boys are gonna come in here oh let's
just keep that raw first thought that
was my line Roman didn't feed me that
line he does feed me a lot but not lying
I have a little micro here and he hears
it his ear so when he makes a joke it's
actually me human so I like to make you
look good man oh you did today look at
this movie took me an hour to tie this
you guys ready to do this today ray kill
it chase behind a big gun yeah look at
this 1930 stick it's a picture from 1936
we us we're not even born yet I was not
my dad was it big sea dog what you
thinking man this is your ride right
here and forget the little bike you need
this if you showed up every day like
this right but why am I sitting in the
back cuz we're gonna go surprise some
people that's why I'm sitting in the
back yeah because you're gonna pop up I
thought it was punished or something no
no no no this is your spot man
you want to sit you want to sit yeah get
the cramp the front or you want to have
the whole back seat I love that hello my
dear Saint let me see the side of it
come on we're gonna show you huh my
Roman soldier baby there were a real
army Hummer
yeah I'm totally in the opposite outfit
of Hummer gear right now but I got a
look look at this boom I'm not gonna lie
the speedometer only goes to 60 and I
feel like it would be hard to hit 60
we're doing 30 yeah yeah
might as well go up and see if uh the
original this is my old swimmin pool
might as well give you guys a little
tour in my hometown right now this is
still swimming us kids with my mom and
dad after they got off work they work
till 5:00 every day they go home at 5:30
and they would take this no matter how
tired they were straight to the pool
always about pong when they weren't
working
reminds me of my scoffing oh no they dug
it up no no way oh my gosh that's
horrible
yo this is sad just brought my mood
straight down Oh oh my gosh this is so
many years gone well there's still water
if you want to swim just like that scene
where all the kids are standing at the
fence crying actually it's kind of real
right now this is crazy how many
memories how much life I spent right
here swimming now it's just dirt right
over there yeah this big part right here
where I first jumped off a high dive
yeah right there really that's your
first high dive yeah we got video not
long ago me and Dale swimming here with
the kids yeah I was last year the year
before first time I was here this is
exactly what I said I'm so excited to
see the water in the pool wow you know
this is bummer Oh mom let's not lose our
mood no maybe maybe maybe they just
building a better pool maybe just
getting an upgrade old millas por skip
what they do with their diving boards I
need diving boards yo whoever is in
charge of this pool
I want your diving boards how do I get
the diving boards oh that would be sweet
okay so we've uh we've worked over it so
we've done the Hummer Hummer it's cool
right that's cool but can you crush a
car with a Hummer I mean you probably
could but uh I don't know man something
else I feel like this will this would be
better for for what we want to do right
and this guy is this street-legal so
what is something like this way like
30,000 30,000 what do you think of that
big dog
and I'm gonna drive this over some cars
yeah those cars right there yeah that's
what this thing you're gonna find out
I've never driven a tank before by the
way and this is like you know that's one
of your babies right you do all the work
on this thing yeah what's the most
common thing that goes wrong we tear up
rubber wheels oh these are rubber whoa
how about some history about the tank
where's the tank come from what kind of
trick is this reddish it's called an
fv432 okay F V stands for Fighting
Vehicle and for 32 years the designation
truly it's an armored personnel carrier
so we can look in the back
so you think this thing's ever been
through battle don't get involved into
stuff that's old whoa oh my god and they
actually still use the British army
still uses these so this is the inside
of the tank and it is absolutely great
this all have functions cool these like
the inside of my pinball machine in here
yeah it's got the crazy amounts of wires
in core I never expect that well this is
this is good filters about a zero that's
good oh yeah yeah don't never driven the
tank we're gonna take a quick class here
this is rugged stuff man there's like no
no comfortable way to climb into a tank
fast but look at the controls okay so
what's my move yeah it's a big pedal to
excel okay that's my guess there's a
little one on the floor the red one
that's an engine kill all right so
that'll shut the tank okay like driving
off yeah caterpillar so they're driving
destroyed all the sweet piece of cake
but magazine time yeah so pull pull back
and that's that's actually where it's
gonna break this is as far as the
missiles right yeah you ready John
buckle up dude I'm not sure I'm going
over these these vans
minivans are you nervous yeah take this
sucker mom no more minivans how are you
gonna get to practice
and it filled John felt like the best
way to order drive-thru give me my food
imagine if there was a car in front of
you officially driven a tank holy crap
it literally just puts perfect pass
through the cars oh my gosh man I just
so much weight I think you said 30,000
pounds it just eats these cars you
didn't leave anything in there did you
did you leave anything in there you
might I really did this door open you
can still drive it I think let me just
look at the glass through the steering
wheel these kids because they're
everywhere
you dropped the ball twice today you
gotta hit it your little joke in the
ice-cream shop yeah there we go get it
John and just like that we are after we
just crushed caught we crushed atomic
cars really hard to film luckily chase
grabbed my camera and filmed the one for
you guys otherwise I wouldn't had any of
them on camera because I was so busy
driving the tank you're welcome
it's only because the change must be
that but I did that we're headed home I
think whole family's coming over mom dad
we're gonna probably throw some steaks
on the grill that means country's gonna
hang out so I told you half the vlog was
gonna be a little chaotic half the vlog
is gonna be family which is just like to
meet the perfect vlog so thanks for
joining us today let's get home it was
wicked hot I think we're all like the
most disgusting we've been in a very
long time and there was definitely
something dead inside that yard he said
somebody brought in a freezer like a
chest freezer full of rotten meat that
is literally throwing up what do you
leave it in there to get more weight
because you get paid for the bunny
good fun oh did you want out what hey
maybe you think you could open that door
so you open this door and get out maybe
I got you thanks to you man you got the
latus job up here how long it's been two
days hey man I appreciate do gotta admit
the house is cleaning up nicely this
looks so much better dude so much better
who's out in the pond who looks like my
dad what's up guys pawn party oh my
mom's out there too hey what's up my
ladies I'm gonna go cool off
I'm gonna go cool off I'm just gonna go
rap into the pond I saw that yeah it's
bad like salty but will you kiss me oh
wait I love you where you going hey
where do I start rotating when I'm on
the ramp we're already in the air so on
the very tip of the ramp you'll rotate
oh my gosh I can't even tell where I'm
at all you have to do it sounds really
crazy all you have to do is turn your
head pretty much but hold it do you dab
you can down do it duh I don't know I'm
just getting used to this ramping thing
have you ramped it yet yeah really yeah
I'm like eight times in have you ever
ramped up I can though never and I
missed it I've never wrapped a bike off
anything except wood let's go let's go
I'm getting in you got it you got it
come on just pick it up gotta want it
down just turn your head turn your body
and
hold it yeah yeah you rotated all right
Roman Atwood take two here he goes oh
nice what wait what what did you say
what do you say now if he could do the
flip and landed go ahead
I swear he will shave the beard I can
give you a five-minute lesson you will
land the flip here's the thing you gotta
land it I just learned how to ramp
today's his first time ever ramping a
bike in the water saving and I've
already done a 180 I feel like I could
get to flip status here in about 15
minutes are you prepared to shave it
tonight
tonight I will allow you to flash you
got it oh you're such a chicken go get
it come on go get to get the ball 360
we've got the 180 we may need to record
this case you don't live yeah we just
thought we just kind of pulled the blob
out so we can do some dives off the
tower really doesn't look that high here
look at that water imported that from
the Caribbean bro I know let's do it you
got me and came back here he's motor
he's got the motor back here let's see
it
it's like our last days of summer right
here we're all using it up it's been
beautiful let's see it you do that one
and then you do the main tower all right
nine eight seven six five four three two
one
see ya I told you once you do it you'll
want to do it all day
these guys on the paddle boards on the
dirt bike down the ramps no on the cane
on the blob I mean I never realized that
if I dropped my camera right now it's in
my entire day my entire vlog would be
ruined because it'd be at the bottom of
this very very deep let's see it boy
oh it's like a foot taller you'd be the
first kid to jump off 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
see that that was a real jump
that wasn't no like fall off you jumped
for 3 see ya teamwork boys teamwork it's
a feeding frenzy in my kitchen what's
happening Oh everybody clear clear clear
let the man get through hello Wow mmm
you guys gonna have to eat a lot of
steak I wish for one day I could like
put my camera on something that rotates
very slow and we just leave it rolling
yeah but it takes 30 minutes to go
around
I need something fast with gifts because
I think it's perfect it was great now
it's great shall we say goodbye for
today little boys let Oh
my ladies know well she got a little
giraffe what about you you ready to say
goodbye where is he he's he's King Kong
what well I think it's time everybody
has gone home we had a great great night
great day very productive first half and
a nice fun hang out with the family the
second half and we're gonna say goodbye
little fry we love you guys so what are
you making funny or your paleness you
got great skin boy all right
it was wasn't it no his little shoe box
fail that was a two-story drop who came
up with the toy box I love it looks like
first jess was like put your hand in
there I was like oh I did and then paw
at me we love you guys so much I am
excited to get some rest and I'm gonna
hang out the kids are gonna play a
little bit of video games we have
limited video games the only nights for
a while now so I'm gonna get some game
time with my boys and then it's time for
tomorrow thank you guys so much for
being here thanks for being a part of
our day no matter what we're doing our
family you just need to be out in the
Sun with Daddy more
good night everybody we love you so much
no matter what time it is good morning
good afternoon good night love you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
everybody say bye bye mommy we love you
she's in mommy mode we'll see them how
nice you're beautiful you're one of a
kind smile more those noises are at
chorusing bye
you
