headed to the costume shop we got some
let's prank that we're pranking today
and we need you to a scary mask it's not
your typical prank we need a map like a
road map and a mask that is too weird
ass items program Oh get directions
they are sandwich the two cookies in one
or what explain to me how you make these
cookies he like frozen cookies and and
wait frozen like cookie dough if we just
like we just like join them together
oh hey did we put them enough so it is
two cookies in one and it looks like a
delicious slice of heaven man it's like
a waffle to spin station I've never been
here have you been here oh yeah yeah oh
yeah yeah this is he keeps update with
his food that's for sure um the new cat
vomit subdued sure that doesn't
look as good as this is taste amounted
to tallien peppers
those were good but I'm really digging
the look at this guy really often I come
to this place called micro Center on
Bethel Road they got 24 packs two
doublea's for $9.99 we have to have them
for our mics every single time we film
we use for double A's regardless if
they're dead or not we replace the
double ace we always have good audio so
I come here I usually buy tons of these
things today I'm just bought two I know
I know the junk I'll did app a Rubik's
cubes
well they'll come up with anything back
to campus and yes I have my seatbelt on
because apparently and yesterday's video
day before there was a split second
driver see Bubba you guys let me know I
appreciate it
lets me know that you care about me
the people asking what car do I drive
this is a Nissan 350z 2003 and most
people would have theirs modified and
decked out mine is modified it's kid
monofin it's got dirty seats dirty floor
it's the real deal man this thing is the
real deal
victims of future pranks talk about her
de Dennison our rigging our
old-fashioned camera in a box because
you can't you can't be inside stores
with what we normally shoot with so we
put it in here and then we record with
the controller and most people don't
notice this for like shopping to a halt
I got my camera in a box
we are filming in the public library
here on campus
and I'm crying laughing oh my gosh can't
wait to guys see this filming filming
though man bill man had our box did you
guys see the 2014 Honda Civic yet they
got a couple displayed right here I want
to show you here's the the new blue new
blue this just new Honda Civic right
holy kill we just did another we just
did another awesome Frank we're not done
yet we're gonna have to finish it
tomorrow I wish I could tell you what it
is got it
freaking suck something this is the
channel where you go to see what it is
but I can't because I don't think it's
gonna go up for a while because we're
doing we got another crank already we
haven't done a scare prank in a long
time so we are meeting in another four
hours down down same place we're gonna
shoot an all-night prank cuz I know you
guys love scare pranks we just don't do
them anymore we've kind of lost we've
kind of lost track of what got us
started on YouTube so we're gonna do it
tonight and hopefully it goes good so
basically now I'm off to go home and
take the family to a baseball game
tonight and after the game it's a prank
time
I brought cookies for everyone
is it good all right in the car in the
car were late we're late we're late
we're so late let's go homie
everybody that's anybody have you ever
been to a baseball game never ever like
a high school based like oh this like
softball for five years
I've only been to probably two or three
baseball games like some you're not too
far me maybe
but you are behind me and typically it's
the other way
cops are gonna get you dyma Dog Night
ten six and I can still eight to a
good oh it's a pretzel
Oh how's the best cheese ever not the
battery there daddy with this boy's cane
no uh a bike oh that isn't fine
oh my gosh
watch your step
give me five I gotta go film we are out
for our second shoot today love these
days we got our boy Gilroy's Gilly we
got these
builder this is actually the spot I got
my face pounded it's got jump
we all got jumping dinners got the worst
though yes I stood up to the degree hey
yes this kid I hear a little bit I'm
touching his oh I really did all I said
was recording what did he do so
basically what's happening right now is
we're failing at a prank this does
happen believe it or not a lot with you
yeah old an old my pranks are pretty
much fails but hate to admit defeat but
it's bad it's just not working and we're
gonna try to perfect it but for tonight
I don't think it's going to work
unfortunately and dennis is doing the
pee prank right now hey it's the peeper
we felt so bad tonight guys like it does
happen like pranks don't always work and
unfortunately we don't we don't we don't
put up that price at least we don't try
to put a bad place if the pranks not
exactly how we want we won't upload it
maybe I'll put maybe I'll put up some on
this channel and see how bad I can show
you guys how bad I failed tonight it
just didn't work if you want to see it
anyway let me know tell me in the
comments if you want to see a fail I
don't put up fails but I'll do it for
you guys I had the chance to work with
Guinness World Records in London a few
weeks ago please please go check out
that video I'm gonna put the link at the
top of this description and a clickable
at the end go go check it out please I
need my Roman soldiers if you're if
you're one of my soldiers I need you to
go like it put a comment on there and
just I hope you like it it's kind of
long but it's funny it's funny the poor
guy we got him we got him pretty good
hopeful Padma pull like that yes
what do I do well I think no I'm not in
the coming Oh anything no no does that
feel cold to you put your fingers here
