what up guys what is going on so what
are you doing King look at all those
trains that woman fat woman this is what
it's like trying to get work done in a
daycare center trying to update our
website today
gilroys behind the gun Wow
we thought it would be best if Britney
and I were actually the ones wearing the
shirts on the store instead of just the
t-shirts look maybe we're gonna do not
I'll probably ruin it yes but I only
want to see Britney me come on let's get
this done
Britney had a Red Bull now she's lost it
whoo some bright lights it's my turn to
get funky oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
chase brought up a good point there's so
much business happening right here but
right below me it's just plain fun okay
so you guys will know when you see the
pictures on the website that right below
me was Kane playing I found it but I'm
just a natural haha daddy whoa just
going through some pictures I got to
show you how photogenic I am yeah all
right hit him so Mars do it just showing
across that little I mean that's it I
mean I am beautiful is another one
you guys ever seen me chew gum mmm
before I turn on the camera che said and
he's been practicing for three weeks
trying to juggle let's see how this
practice is paid off not bad yo week
said I practiced just kidding he never
juggled in his life but I think you're
just trying too fast you're trying too
fast
take your time I can't even do it with
just one up one-up one-up one-up one-up
that's the speed one one one one one one
so we got a sitter for the kids and
we're actually gonna go out together
double date double date do some
Christmas shopping we gotta get some
Christmas shopping done because the kids
don't have enough toys tapa weed why do
I come here for the chips and salsa
that's right hot chips hot salsa wait
you got a dip it in ranch to Eleuthera
knock off the best part of tumbleweed
hands down is the chips and salsa you
mix the hot with the ranch as if you
ever heard of this my two favorite
drinks in one cup
this is jack daniels and lemonade did
you even know that existed I didn't know
that existed actually even the waitress
that know it was even here no one ever
ordered it probably garbage yeah how
many ever face like the juice that comes
out of the trash trucks when they leak
on the road now it's really good
actually when you ordered a a swimming
pool it's a pineapple margarita
I'll leave that colleague that wowzers
bet you guys can't guess what I got ribs
do these are dark these are dark ribs
dude I'm so stuffed Brittany's about the
puke why do you eat that much ah now
we're going into the best store ever and
I'm not just saying that I don't just
say that why in the mother f do we have
to grow up dude look at this look at
this there's the homeless spitters dude
they even got a Ferrari it's a Ferrari
is it we got the motor in the back what
are you doing what dude it's just a joke
look how big this thing is I could drive
this they got like every flavor sour
match warheads these look like you Oh
they've just gone and done it now they
extended the curl guys they made it too
curly is this just one giant candy Paris
don't put spongebob in your blog
I love spongebob alright guys I'm back
home I just got back and I checked
yesterday's vlog and I gotta be honest
with you this is probably the first time
I've ever wanted to call it quits on
vlogging
I've never seen these type of comments
you guys are just hounding can't say
everybody a lot of you are having
Britney for how she reacts with Noah and
blah blah blah and it just made me just
feel like shit maybe it's bad editing on
my part maybe it's my fault for the way
I show our day but for all of you that
made these comments and you know what
I'm talking about
it's it's 100% false it's just terrible
terrible I honestly want to go block
everybody that left these comments but I
know you don't know you don't know truth
is Brittany does more for Noah than
anybody could ever see and more than I
could ever capture on here our family is
nothing without her and Noah and I have
such a better life with her and that's
the truth I'm sorry if you feel
otherwise maybe I'm a terrible editor
and it just comes out wrong on video I
don't know but these comets crushed me
tonight and nothing usually bothers me
it really doesn't but it just sucks it
sucks just want to keep everything happy
and fun and and I'm telling you I'm
sorry that you guys feel a certain way
but I'm telling you we're one of the
happiest families I've ever witnessed in
my life and it's gonna stay that way so
I want you guys to stay and follow us
and come along but I can't have anything
negative is getting it's getting taken
out so I love you guys it's all I got
free today so be fun and exciting day
tomorrow we got German TV interviews and
going to get a bunch of stuff done and
I'll take you guys along with me I love
you guys till tomorrow
just smile so you got to do no hate spa
more but my local city Columbus finally
gave me some love and it's out the
magazine got people sending it to me I
haven't even got to see it yet so I'm
actually trying to find an issue this
magazine right now
I found one not a bad article
