but up guys what's happening had to
borrow Gilroy's jeep to go pick up some
more shirts you guys honestly destroyed
the 20% off deal on a smile more store
Wow I love it I can't wait you guys go
send me pictures you wearing these
shirts so I can post them up I love it I
want to I'm gonna dedicate a spot on the
website just to everybody wearing the
shirts I think I would be I think that
would be awesome
put on my Facebook tweet it to me email
it to me whatever you guys want so my my
local city Columbus finally gave me some
love and it's out the magazine got
people sending it to me I haven't even
got to see it yet so I'm actually trying
to find an issue of this magazine right
now I found one not a bad article I must
say Columbus uh plumbers hook ramen out
with it with some love that's rare whole
world gives me love before my local my
local city does well no one ever
understood that but thank you Columbus
this is our day right here this is our
hey I'm back yeah go get him get him
let's get Noah we have measures up
see daddy needs a mohawk this is us
doing the family hair rocket roll Kane
you look like a million dollars alright
let's mess nose up I guess you know
who's gonna do mine good how are you
gonna do here well you already just
messy real messy what do you have on
your hands come here oh yeah smile you
just got so much hair how long that is
Britney just asked do you guys want some
carrots cut up with veggie dip or do you
want a popsicle what do you think
they're gonna say just rockin a brand
new prank out for you guys I'm excited
about this one it's a new public prank
and I'm editing it right now actually
it's on the main channel right now by
the time you're seeing this we shot it
with the Dudesons and Europe Ephraim the
dude says he doesn't have a thumb in
real life so he found this little
plastic thumb that would fit on his hand
and we basically cut it off with car
doors in front of people and actually
let me let me just show you the intro
let me just show you the intro hey guys
we got your piece come back let's get
rid of it
Cain was trying to show you his orange
the whole time but you get the idea I
can't wait for you to see it super fun
alright guys I know this is like the
shortest vlog in the entire world but
it's all I got free today enjoy a sample
of the new Roman soldier theme song
that's getting ready to drop say bye
alright guys go smash the new prank I
know you're gonna love it
I'll see you tomorrow smile more like
your exes get in the plane
