good morning guys
sup guys I am currently in a car wash
I file for I did some really bad I don't
wait to tell you what I did all right
let me tell you what I did today
I try to avoid fast food like a plague I
cannot stand it but I love hot wings
chicken wings so good mcdonald's got
chicken wings so I freaking bought some
I thought you know there No
yeah I'm here to pick up eleven thousand
smile more stickers and I added a new
color pink for the girls for the ladies
you got color pink I'll show you a
minute that's a box of smiles right
there oh my gosh oh here I got pink
new paint color hope you guys want
stickers I got stickers I just picked up
so many new stickers for you guys
because we've been running low I've got
uh the same black red blue green and I
added pink can't really see them - well
because pink is in this uh it's got a
film over it not like these ones where
it's just a sticker I'm pretty excited
about the pink I think I want to add a
bunch of colors what colors do you guys
want because all I have in the shirts is
red black and blue so I'd like to do a
whole bunch of colors let me know what
you guys his favorite colors are
probably gonna get a million different
answers so ordered so many stickers
because for now on I know I did like the
first I can't remember how many orders
got stickers with their shirts no matter
what but now I ordered so many stickers
that no matter what you order if you
order a t-shirt no matter what I'm
throwing in stickers this time and our
last time there's a lot of confusion and
things that weren't happen now if you
order anything I'm throwing in some
stickers so it's cool it's a little
bonus and I'm excited to have all these
stickers to hand out and then do
cool stuff with so alright so I'm
sitting here waiting to go into my
meeting and I just scrolled through
comments let me clarify that Noah is my
son from a previous a previous
relationship and Kane is me and Brittany
son so that's that's that's to clarify
to you guys though Brittany and I have
only been together five years all right
Noah is just her nine so I guess the
easy way easy way for me to explain it
is is uh Noah has another mom just so
happens no one can look exactly like for
the most part drop it good boy good boy
what are you doing don't play some
trains alright let's play with some
trains you have so many toys kid you got
monkeys on your jammies alright you guys
gotta check these out I hope you like
them
I think they're pretty awesome can't put
the gray one huh oh snap I love it look
it's good actually
I don't think it was anything you could
watch a man what no this is awesome
tag still on it not looks great
I'm super happy with never taking it off
know what I like about it soldier
smiling ah this is that one that's cute
yeah
so we got Roman soldier t-shirts so
check this out
so I don't have you guys seen an
anniversary prank where Brittany owns me
I uh yes hello I like that the company
I'm wearing a shirt this is Ohio versus
the world in that video well the company
that makes that shirt made these Roman
soldier t-shirts and uh they've got them
up on their website lamp apparel a palm
so nice that was super nice so some nice
shirts guys gonna put it like a we have
a AC just sitting in the living room so
guys well I know there's eleven thousand
almost are these the pink yeah oh those
are cute anyway guys if you want a Roman
soldier it would make me I don't know
what I would do if I see you guys
wearing these but I'll put the link to
this website that has these shirts at
the top of this video they don't think
they don't think any of these are gonna
sell so I hope I'm not embarrassed I
think they're epic I can't wait to our
one where a Mayan shirt I'm wearing it
tonight North cracker Polly wanna
cracker my guess black is packed is that
all the lot no we've still got a bag and
half you know you will lift this thing
now we don't worry about you guys not
getting stickers you want them they're
here ready here we go
Oh push it oh it's just Kate and I were
hanging out like little boys it's this
is honestly my favorite part of the day
right here get to just play with toys
I'm still a kid and it's true like we're
playing with LEGOs via the boys it's
because I want to play with lady
love Legos best toy ever minute ah hey
kid
good
shark attack alright Kien passed out on
me how was your night it was good I went
to an oil party shootout with my mommy
yeah
some really exciting stuff coming up a
couple days super excited yeah oh don't
forget you want to run a lot of people
asked when are you gonna get Roman
soldier shirts well they're here they're
officially here I think they're really
cool I love the freaking smiling soldier
I don't know go get one I'll put the
link at the top of the description lamp
apparel calm made these shirts and uh I
can't wait see some of you guys wearing
these you guys know what to do until
tomorrow smile more I'm really starting
to think we should have went to this ice
cream place the servings are huge look
at a sushi
but so
