what's up guys I'm back what guy oh you
play game what is all over your nose
snot anyway guys I just really isn't
along today it's just really me coming
on here in San hi because I miss you and
I knew you're probably wondering where
the heck have we been well we got back
from Aruba and we really just killed the
cameras and hung out with the family and
kids for several days just felt like it
was time to do that so um I did vlog
here and there throughout the week just
little bits and pieces to kind of fill
you guys in on what happened but uh your
some of that real quick alright Aruba
it's been amazing
we gotta go bye bye no we gotta leave
you down I'm sad and exciting so we get
to see the boys boys Ruba boys Aruba ah
it's time to go see the boys we forgot a
lot of its Bravo
that's Brahma that's what plants crave
Gatorade to the airport to the airport
my friends thank you very much have a
beautiful I'm really starting to think
we should have went to this ice cream
place the servings are huge look at a
sushi that's so fun the grandpa
challenge out on burgers oh my gosh she
just yeah I got peace pizza that's
Paulie we found we found a car why
scream with the big serving sizes
Wow the serving sizes are exactly like
the picture ladies if I put it right
here hold your hand out yeah
while you see the four
seven hours later mrs. six hours or
seven hours seven hours later we made it
we made it a big attack good I'm super
annoying right now but I'm hyper because
we got coffee on the plane
we get to see Kade tonight unfortunately
Noah's not here he's at his mom's house
but I get to pick him up as well he's
gonna be so excited when you get home
from school just kidding guys I'm
actually back at the beach I'm back at
the beach I'm just kidding fear always
shows babe all right where's our little
boy at where's our little caters I know
you guys want to see Kane - I've seen
Kane four hours in the last two and a
half weeks hey can I have a hug ah give
me a thumbs up I know I'm at home when
the car says ice possible drive with
care what is it let me get you an
airplane is it awesome you want to open
it yeah I want to carry this on to the
second day because we just didn't feel
much so when we doing came we gonna go
get Noah yeah man no one's just getting
off of school and we are picking him up
good buddy
it was telling that shirt purses come
here hey buddy we're home watching
planes what's up dude yeah ah you wanna
film okay what are you gonna film
don't knowa you got a point putting it
daddy here oh hey cable I can see you I
can see you we got back from Aruba and
we just settled down with the kids and
joined some off time I know I keep doing
this to you guys but uh I don't know I
have a problem with like my biggest
problem of these vlogs as I'm like a
perfectionist when it comes to videos I
hate if a video I don't feels good I
won't
I will not upload it for some reason I
get that with a lot of these vlogs but
you guys just don't want to see this so
boring and then I know if some of you
want to see everything you want to see
me poop probably I don't know Britney
Britney is the one that's like know
about put that up that's good just show
me what you're doing so I'm gonna try to
start doing that this week my goal is to
do a vlog every every day this week and
you can tell them in Ohio back to rain
back to the rain boys this is why a rube
is so beautiful to me because this is
how I live so I'm going to get my tattoo
another appointment to get it colored in
probably ever take a couple visits
Mike's having fought on my chest
he's plans he's playing Oh
grabbin fun we're having fun
no spots not that bad welcome back to
Ohio guys welcome back you guys ready to
go to awesome water park yeah yeah
they'll be here is that a stamp so you
can swim yeah
we have fun I haven't seen Noah at all
for a really awesome water park called
Koko keys it's little but but the little
guys it's a blast
professor
hahaha let me see see
you get you got to turn this way you got
to look this way
you get a feud over
Yeah right there
that was awesome ah so we are definitely
back into the routine of things no is
that a birthday party right now and
actually the neighbor's birthday party
honey what do you think about our video
hit 30 million years smart and you see
doc I cured you suck bad that's what you
get
like ireally and still fab you didn't
propose and I can't leave still have
proposed can we talk to you and it's
forever
grab it alright guys so I guess I want
to show you this is the new intro for
the vlog Channel and I see I love it I
think it's absolutely amazing I think
it's a little more joyful and happy
compared to the old one and I want to
see what you guys think so here it is
I'm gonna show it to you two times
all right love you guys do vlog tomorrow
they'll be a long 12 right all right
guys you know what to do till tomorrow
there will be its bow swab whoa whoa I
think I found my outfit for the prank
the beach is hoppin it he's hopping it
there this happening
