what up guys welcome to the flog it's a
bit noisy here I've hired quite the crew
to come out today and try to fix up the
property make it look nice I want to
introduce you to each one of these
pieces these hard-working individuals
we've got flash chillin here chase on
the leaf blower Brian Matusz
we've got the man country over here
blowing rocks okay
basically we're basically trying to
piece this place back together it's
looking nice looking clean flashes like
you're taking all the fun out of it how
am I gonna get under the porch if you
take it all apart okay so much more more
quiet in here okay
we're going out and doing some big air
you guys then who's in you guys then
you're not come on bubbles to bring
shorts you didn't reach I got something
I guess we need some big air big air
competition today I think you might
still hold the current record that's not
good no uh big air competition happening
you in honey I need referee you could
ref it if you don't want to fly man I
thought I'd be so excited okay I need
you
we're getting ready ten minutes
countdown who's ready who is ready for
big air 2017 country you ready to send
some men flying through the sky listen
they're going out farther than ever and
you know what the word of the day is
listen listen listen listen chase are
you ready to touch the clouds with your
red dad hat no no I'm not Brian are you
ready to fly what am i what am I trying
to do listen anybody can get big air on
a blob all right but today I'm gonna
show you what what the challenge is and
how we're gonna do it follow me if you
look so worried is oh hi I mean most of
time you climb out to the blob you sit
on the red part somebody jumps up and
launches you but today big air you will
ride in the raft on the end of the blob
and you will you will boat your way to
the top it's a simple rule
you're gonna carry the boat to the end
of the Blom we're gonna hop in the boat
we can do a two-seater and all you have
to do is sit in the boat and then
country
captain cannonball here is gonna jump
off boom hit the tip it's in the sky
rock it is according to much ASAP
it is not 90 degrees so I cannot get wet
on this day oh you little feline I hope
you're ready put some shorts on girl
make a deal with you if you don't want
to do the raft with yours you can ride
the hot dog that's the only two options
all right hot dog you can probably get
off easier did you bring your swimsuit
huh you gotta go in your birthday suit
Shaboom God everyone says party poopers
around here what chase don't even want
to do it 86 top she got it you know make
sure she's running good you know we just
added some air to her I want to make
sure you know most people tune their
cars up before a stunt I'm gonna tune my
little boat up and we're saying that
maybe I should hold the or so that I
don't get tangled up and I'm when we're
flying through the sky this stupid is
this dumb bad idea I don't know I know I
know when your speech slows down it's a
bad idea no I think it's a great idea
just like you thought the same idea that
put me to put me in that NASCAR I think
this is a great you don't want to change
clothes you're good just like that oh my
gosh oh you guys bringing out all the
toys everybody's in pants you got stand
up you got it you got it all geez
you got it you're doing great if she
falls right now you guys are gonna see
some epic
screaming what you think gain don't flip
so without further ado boys we are gonna
climb the tower the new tower we've
never even jumped off of and we're gonna
attempt this no practice runs nothing
just getting this to the end of the
blobs gonna be funny like how it might
be gonna carry it out there you just
jump with it and walk it out you know
how hard it is to walk on that blob it's
very hard right now I'm just a guy who
just lands into a particular circle a
little it's a lot different now with
this extra story on here geez here we go
all I got to do is get this raft out
onto the end of this blob doesn't look
that difficult but that thing's like
walking on ice I'm just super happy
right now if it is gonna be tough but
you gotta take your time should we
should we do a warm-up or just go for it
I think because we have never jumped off
this ever we have no idea what the the
magnitude of this leap is it could be a
I think that's the greatest thing about
it you don't know and we were going so
high just off this rail imagine office
I'm in want to take on these whitewater
rafting experience basically I guess
it's a waterfall drop that's all there
we go
oh good job I just know how you fairly
you're in so I don't think people will
understand how I am on this deck the
Roman say hello how you doing buddy man
Roman I'm not gonna lie the drop on here
is insane so I need to hit that black
circle to order to send Roman just
flying man Roman is intimidate and I'm
not gonna lie to you Roman I think if I
jump off it is you're gonna land in
someone else's pond I don't know where
you're gonna land but you landed
somewhere hey but how you think dad's
gonna do do you have the medical kit
ready for him listen it's a it's my
medical kit has a bunch of blue Jolly
Ranchers in there just in case he needs
oh I feel like incredibly lucky I'm like
actually rowing in the air trying to
paddle my way out of death fell so I
couldn't see anything many I couldn't
see anything like nothing I just did all
my face is hilarious though it was
genuinely scared because I couldn't see
I was just like I lost vision cuz the
raft went above me for a minute
then I started tipping down I was just
like I gotta get out of this raft I got
really lucky I saw I just kept laughing
and well I hate thing you take off no I
did go pretty darn high babe babe I -
are you guys serious this is what you
guys aren't the judges okay let me tell
you might look like it - how did you
think it looks
dad it's getting hard to impress my
family around here you're like break a
leg - to impress you guys
alright Bryan's going he's gonna step up
you're gonna beat me get a two and a
half Oh Brian's taking a break from
landscape landscaping Brian here I think
we're gonna double should we double him
do a double trouble I think we should
just this picture right here cracks me
up I mean it just has everything good
and bad in one shot you didn't give me
the countdown by the way you didn't
count no you said let's go and you just
jump you said something and just jump oh
my god even jumping from here is pretty
scary and we're gonna have to jump at
the same time and you're gonna aim for
the left of the black and I'm aim for
the right of the black or I can go that
way did you just see what happened on
the rope and every
he's gonna marry good Brian
are you feeling all right let's go ready
Brian
three two one I landed so late you did
after you completely country's turn
I got your I got your bike I don't want
to see an X Games Superman daddy's got
his baby right there yo you land a
backflip right now I'm taking you to
dinner
oh geez you got this buddy you got this
buddy this is funny
haha
- I tried you're doing what's the what's
the what's the stunt where they they
take their biking then they run you did
like the running man dude I don't know
what it's called I don't even know if
it's a real trick but it's dinner
mmm I asked for a backflip I know you
got follow instructions
it's like pull a tune it's like some
move something out of the movie that's
full of water hold still hold still hold
still hold look how much water is in it
listen do you think we can save it get
just water out the engine and now it's
time I've been wanting to do this for a
while we're gonna hang a big American
flag on our tower out there never
actually mounted a ground pole before we
have one for the house that just kind of
hangs off this one go straight up so we
try to mount to the tower so a big flag
blowing out there the towers missing
that that's what we need out there pom
pom pom definitely gonna upgrade the
flag though because it's like one of
those plastic you ones a probably won't
last very long we get one of them nice
thick like fabric fabric ones yeah I
love it I love it we needed that right
there boom hang on hang on you got tell
me what you're doing right here okay
please blowing listen leaps boats videos
we're like you sit on a office chair and
you got a leaf blower can you just pull
it to the side and they spin around in
circles watch you can do that we're
gonna put that to use on this hot dog
this has been the most loyal hot dog
ever we have had this for so long
ready
whoa
then it works good
oh my gosh
what's so funny
we moving to the to the paddleboard now
I think it's a smart decision right here
that's good just remember if you fall
it's like five hundred dollars down the
hole
that looks so funny
flashes picking apples look at me wants
that Apple get it flash get the Apple
get oh no these dolphins are up to they
got some kind of trickery going on then
three six what does that flash Brett
look at her dolphins it's like me and
you baby
it's like me and you okay so now it's a
total change of pace because the girls
which they don't huh you wanna hold her
okay you can hold her she's just
chilling right now baby
she's like what's up cane it is I we
just totally went to a different change
of pace because the girls which they
don't get a lot of girl time they just
went to a quick dinner Veronica and
actually all the girls just went out so
it's me chase Brian and all the kids my
swimmer upstairs this has been pretty
light but we're just hanging out hanging
out she's like you better you better
entertain me Kane you better make some
jokes
they better be better than daddy up they
gotta be really good jokes
oh no she's totally into this camera yo
you should knock that water out of that
tent knock that water out you see over
on that side get silly boys huh silly
boys run flash run he got her I think
he's got her she's good she's gonna be
I'm almost almost lost alright if that
tent would have busted and the storm
settles fleshie that's flash these crazy
dog alright guys I look ridiculous we're
warping into the night everyone's back
in it's the it's the
the finale of Brittany's favorite so
excited to watch she's actually got me
kind of watching it I've never seen it
in my life
do you watch Big Brother it's the
weirdest show once you start watching
you're actually like wait it's kind of
good you want Paul to win you don't
think it's rigged
no thanks for watching I'm gonna go
ahead and end it we're gonna finish up
our night and everyone's just sleepy and
worn out we hit our job today every day
awesome well yeah but I did you did the
jet board is awesome so we'll see you
guys tomorrow
there absolutely will be a vlog tomorrow
which is great doing some really cool
stuff with a team a blank blank see
tomorrow it's gonna be awesome
I love yet you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile boy
you
