good morning guys another day with a
beautiful day we were finally shipping
out the last of the smile more orders
and I don't think this post office has
ever seen this much postage every time I
picked this up I dropped it
let's get our mail see if we got any
mail today we live at the post office
though we just bombed the post office we
were there easily an hour uh-huh yeah I
don't have and we didn't know that
international we have to fill out a form
for every stinking order so that was
brutal my hands are cramped I know yours
are yeah I had a right of oh yes so the
good news is if you order for the smile
Moore store your shits on the way
I can't wait to you guys you know
everybody better post pictures that you
wear it up to I want to see everybody
I'm glad that you guys say you want to
see whatever we're doing even if it's
boring because it doesn't get any more
boring than this or just buying tons of
Rubbermaid tubs and containers to store
all our inventory for t-shirts so now
when you order a t-shirt your order goes
out immediately
none of this waiting crap what is that
you can take a bite yeah okay do it
is it hot blow on it
all right that's it we're at one of our
favorite places I used to hate this
place remember that it's called La
Paloma I don't it's a it's a chain
restaurant is it good yeah
show everybody your bike Oh show me bike
yeah so this is what we get here every
time these are called sofa pious and
they're like a big crusty you can get
anything in you can get like chicken or
yeah I got beef and cheese oh yeah buddy
this be bird
what oh you want to show yours Cain gets
the quesadilla huh our big pains turn
into a camera hog are you a camera hog
yeah it's good because everybody only
wants to watch you so this is what we
get here every time these are called
sofa Pia's and they're like a big crusty
you can get anything in you can get like
chicken or yeah I got beef and cheese oh
yeah waiter this be burger what oh you
want to show yours candy gets the
quesadilla huh our big pains turn into a
camera hog are you a camera hog what do
you want Knight right by a big merit a
bet why a big relay
yeah yeah
yeah
what are you eating game but why sit
down
a big fire homework so now that were
stuffed
we were headed right now to get Kane a
haircut and we cannot decide whether to
just give him a regular haircut or go
back to his mohawk I don't know if you
guys remember his mohawk did we were we
blogging by that point I don't think we
were it was up Bob my Instagram that I
did pictures of him awesome I know I
think we should just go for another
mohawk you don't care please don't go
get it go hop in even star the movie
here
okay pretty man we gotta move we gonna
get a mohawk yeah ready
good jump here she puts up over a hill
now I got extra fuzz he won't wear the
Cape it's mad about that guy really
thumbs up he's like that I got a hold
still
he's getting ready for the camera dude
you look awesome
do you like it yeah poeple mean helmet
all right
I think Kay looks like a million bucks
so give you an idea the house is
starting to come together we got our
tubs for our shirts there's still a lot
of boxes in here and the table still
covered tubs of shirts but Kane's got a
new row Hawk came shorter buddy your mo
on the Front's laying down right there I
think it's awesome I love it what do you
think mommy it's awesome I missed it he
had a super long Hawk to like put up an
old picture yeah before we started this
vlog channel he had a mohawk and he had
it for a long time and then Britney cut
it off without me knowing
oh well we were getting ready to go on
vacation to the beach and I didn't want
to deal with it in here ooh oh he would
just scream when I would do it every day
call somehow Wow oh man okay so that all
being said we are going to wrap this up
today it's probably another short vlog
idea but at least it's a vlog five
mother-effer days in a row that is close
direction now I did like 30 days in a
row when I started this channel I don't
know all right guys
ah going out right now actually in about
an hour and a half to go shoot a
Halloween prank and hopefully it doesn't
fail it might it's really risky but
that'll all be up on tomorrow's vlog
even if it fails it'll be on tomorrow's
vlog so you'll get to see
what we tried to do hi guys I love you
don't forget til tomorrow
smile more running super late my buddy
Tony is proposing to his girlfriend
tonight at nine o'clock for 36 minutes
away and it's 8:25 so we're gonna get
