is it ten seconds oh my god shake it for
five seconds no you're fine
we made it oh we're going home we're
going home boys thank you
dang it I don't have a suitcase to drop
down the escalator Ching's
this is like some serious deja vu
happening right now as we were just all
coming back home quickly and I dropped
my suitcase I don't have one
this is such a quick trip that I only
brought my backpack right we closed it
it's been a week I wonder what would
happen if I would have just started
today's vlog with that footage if
anybody would have even noticed like
we're coming home but it was just from
the old vlog you guys we are trying to
skip most of travel on this last two
days so we're gonna just get to the
housewarm see how the family's doing and
go from there
thanks for coming home with me did you
miss me boy come on come on come on I
gotta say how to Empire - what's up my
lattice is still here born up man what's
up bud yeah I hear you I hear what is
this flash what is that what is that are
you trying to push through oh my gosh
hello I saw something over there hello
where's my family there's somebody
running looks good in here thanks for
cleaning you didn't clean where's
everybody at
huh hey I saw your head or something go
down where's my other little monster
College College that long I leave for
one day you guys are off to college
what's up sleepy tux nitro you got this
awesome house and you choose to sleep
under the desk
hi bond
I got attacked he got me
wow that was some energy fuel right
there did you even come from oh yeah by
the way um we have two TVs cuz the top
ones broke don't work no that's the one
from upstairs look no hands
there's my little princess she sleep
she's asleep mother binky by her face
we're gonna let her sleep I feel bad I
always wake her up with my loud
obnoxious voice dun dun dun duh home
with boys hello money hey come here
I got your guys's newest newest wait
where are they here they are there you
go open it up it's for both you and Noah
yeah what do you think it is there you
go wait from Florida from Pensacola
we've never been there before ours one
one for you and one for you whatever you
guys want you guys pick fight it out
there you go
you guys been watching for a while we
had this like cart thing that you could
put on top of a hoverboard I wouldn't
happen to be they like disappeared there
were everywhere now not too many spent
in here forever
we never used this one they sent us like
a couple of oh yeah you got to build it
and it goes on top of that Oh
are you taking our girl take her on ride
welcome to smile more Cora what's up
baby
hora let me get in here I missed you
girl
ha I missed you so much you got them big
eyes
welcome to the club kids
yes I'll put this card on this thing
let's do it let's go let's go let's go
you guys remember this back when we did
it
Brittany ran into the wall well the
scooter with your money birthday money
Tooth Fairy money stolen money great you
want to try this again
you sure up here you strapped around but
then the seat oh I think it just clamps
in the middle yeah wow this is the way
they should have been bit why didn't
they just come out with him like that
like a hoverboard with a cart like a
hover car hover carts cane you can do
the first hover cart back flip
she's been liking the stroller
it's her new stur first her first
outdoor stroller she's hiding well you
hide him from peekaboo hey give me my
blanket back ok so I'm back home
obviously I'm sorry I um made some
frozen pizza some really healthy stuff
for my boys tonight and we are all
playing in the same terraria game while
we is this not the best night ever or
what I don't know understand it I play
it I don't understand it I don't know
how to make weapons and they're rolling
around for all these cool weapons and
sometimes he jerk I can't just drop me a
cactus knife so yeah we're gonna keep
this super laid back today we're gonna
chill out I'm a little jet-lagged not
gonna lie and I'm just I'm home so
everything's great really you're really
doing that right now right beside our
beautiful pizza yeah what kind you want
cane pepperoni or no pepperoni they've
all got pepperoni videogames and pizza
finally caught up again
faster ie I got I got locked out I
looked out I love them she text me on
the way home she's like I got something
for us and I'm like I'm like we don't
yes she said I got something too for us
that will make a smile and I was like we
don't need another puppy so yeah we're
going to chow down a little play games
while we eat tonight because daddy's
been gone and that's just what we're
gonna do tonight
I know it's unacceptable whatever that's
Sunday Sunday we p.m. it's time to talk
about something that you did a couple
days ago okay this is something new we
just didn't show it yet so why do you
want to show it how do you want to talk
about it Tom not that we didn't get a
new dog that we didn't get I kind of
dodged it maybe it worked out in my
favor that mean we got what we got all
right something for our families that we
really really need needed or wanted
because we dully had something that
works every time no I had to get it he
complained that's because he had to
climb to the back because it is so small
I gotta get in through the trunk okay so
we had well if I had to help Korra
there's nowhere I wanted to pull over
and I had to get out and help let's just
get to the point
Brittany started talking about our
vehicles too small we've got three kids
now we need more we need more reading
more next thing I know there's a white
Cadillac sitting in the freakin driveway
I fell in love I remember you were
you're really know okay so I know why I
got an SUV and they upgraded us we
rented rented well yeah
and they upgraded us to this and since
then all she can talk about she even
calls me Cadillac now so long story
short we ended up not trading in our
Nissan what was that in our mana oh you
know we had this awesome awesome vehicle
we didn't trade it in but we ended up
hooking up amber girl that helps us out
with so much here she works at smile
more she didn't have really a vehicle so
now she has that and Brittany has got
the family a gigantic school bus that's
white and has a Cadillac logo on it oh
that's family car well that's nice good
mothering I'm gonna go spend the night
in here tomorrow well I'll see her later
so I'm like this doors open we're
playing groceries away and I hear the
alarm on this going off uh-huh good
donkeys how and the dog I had to see if
I can like pull it up on camera but it
was like a tornado it's coming through
you wouldn't make noise would you boy
all right well she puts this thing in
position so you guys can see it cause
it's too dark out here my dad ended up
so I got this picnic table for his
birthday I failed because I never built
the thing and then it got set aside and
now he was like just keep it for your
house because I fixed my table so we
either have our own picnic table now
because Brian built it or we just
dragged it over to his house and leave
it there but he made it sound like he
doesn't need a picnic table now so
that's why we still got this what yeah
oh my gosh this the smell of a new car
is unbelievable why is this smell so
good every new car smells I guess okay
this so there's lots of cool things that
look at the light
no you're gonna honk you've lost my
trust I will never stand in front of it
I swear just look at the light I'm gonna
turn the wheel that way look all right
what happened oh the lights turn on when
you turn the wheel what that gets that
is cool Oh stupid okay open open
what floor that's cool this future is
UFO stuff oh I remember this oh come on
your side it's pretty mean but it's huge
it's huge
she's out of control she's out of
control you've definitely got a nice
goober SUV that's why everybody oh my
gosh into the truck all right Noah why
don't you explain to everybody why you
love this vehicle so much because the
last one he had to actually come in
through the back and get into the
backseat because we had center consoles
in the middle it's bad bad design but
not a bad design just bad on our part
because we got the center cup why did
that chair just do that it's possessed
you see that I clicked a button but
there's a car seat in there oh it's fast
its haunted it's haunted I broke it so
yeah now first of all those are cool why
didn't it go blow up oh it takes a
minute you have to start it oh yes okay
so watch that's really cool but look we
got car seats now in both front seats so
with the center console no it could only
get in through the very back now you can
just walk in and go back that's cool oh
my gosh we have no idea what we're doing
this is when the cars get - oh my gosh
everybody inside everybody in the house
what oh oh my oh my get it so you have
it guys we went from the Nissan which I
remember having to get I was like
Brittany's like I have to go get this
yeah and then we had a third child and
we got bigger our family got bigger so
we just upgraded the vehicle it's big it
is big
I love the truck it's just no
that family easy no it's so tall I love
it but it'll make you sick yeah all
right guys we're gonna say goodbye today
huh yeah we gotta do better in it
Clifford's running clifford's what still
off oh yeah yeah shown tomorrow yeah
pretend the box love you guys so much
we're home and we're home like home home
so I will be rocking out family vlogs
day day day after day after day was he
dancing or juggling watermelons it
wasn't what you said thank you so glad
to be home love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow you're beautiful
you want a makan smile
you
