good morning guys I am stuff plug and
barely have a voice today and I
apologize for how I sound
it's gotta be annoying I had a vlog for
yesterday but I wasn't legally allowed
to upload it and this really sucks
because I filmed all day and I've been
trying to do vlogs every day and I had
to miss another day over legal bull crap
and it's beyond frustrating so here's
what I can't show you this is a little
bit of what happened and this is just a
little bit of what happened
you can't cite me you're gonna cite me
for this for taking pictures you're
wrong but it's fine
I don't want to argue it I don't want to
argue I'm in public you don't need my ID
I'm not doing anything wrong right what
law have I broken any training what law
have I broken I'm gonna say it another
time okay I need your ID I'm breaking
are you with you are you honey try D
this is protected by an iPod touch my
camera already on its protective
reveries this is my protection that you
camera down for the film an epic birth
for the main channel this prank is gold
I go and it's not going on the
television it's me this give me the
first viral video we've made what's
going on our Channel what's up Matt
Matt's a Kedar Hey
I read that tweeting here read the whole
tree we are Robertson right now and it
says some girl to give me Amanda bazinga
on the spot says spotted who tells you
to be a Roman out what are Robertson
hashtag creepy just they're watching us
right now is breezy ha ha ha girl where
they at though
Amanda Amanda Vizzini that salad good
it's like bigger than your waist so it's
good good meat Ali went to pay we took
his firm and his wallet
there's no wallet you had your wallet
yes I got you were shooting the most
epic prank today so excited I just
turned up dude I think I'm gonna do it
we're gonna commit suicide in front of
people
let's fudged out honestly guys it was
like my videos of it I just I just
surprised welcome to Venice Beach Boys
back at shithole where I'm so that this
is working they could always make them
as happy every time we did I've honestly
got to the point where I could go longer
eat here
we're here looking for did I don't think
this movies out yeah what's it called
it's called this is the end we want to
watch this is the end no way
whoa we're gonna have a good night huh
yeah
Tennyson vitaly stop seen this movie so
we get to watch a movie we're gonna get
popped by let's get a bag of popcorn
let's get a box of popcorn yeah I want
some pop one made my sisters we just fit
a shopping finally then our all night
are you done for watching 127 hours
right now there's five of us here this
is the heaven shows up if you've seen
the movie you understand Kevin shows up
with a Milky Way
kitties cutting into fits I'll be honest
with you I'll be a little pissed if I
don't get a piece of the Milky Way
hey guys to be honest I've just been too
sick to vlog every day like I'm barely
out my nose is plug I know you don't
want to hear me talk like this it's
terrible
and I know I'm always stuffed up I
always sound bad but this is way worse
so please forgive me I promise you a
vlog tomorrow I'm gonna film all day
regardless I'm gonna upload it for you
guys
so that being said I promise you long
tomorrow
until then smile more I'll see you there
there are bicycles now it's doing wrong
I'm gonna go to several of you as an ox
