all over pull over pull over pull over
I've never seen this in my life you see
you have really yeah when we drive to
Carolinas we stopped a bunch of time you
making things up you ever seen that in
your life welcome to the vlog guys we're
just getting started here in Florida
Alabama oh those are fire ants right
there that are those fire ants John can
put your finger in there stick your
finger in there there's not rattlesnake
where do you there rattlesnake and
cotton is that crazy
we got cottonmouth and every lion every
time I see cotton I would think it's
manufactured in a store right but cotton
grows on plants what did he like is that
Jenna he invented the cotton gin see
machi right what we are standing in a
cotton field like this is q-tips q-tips
and cotton balls you like wad up and
said this makes it grows on plants so
crazy I don't know why I'm so psyched
about this I just feel like um when you
see like a jar you buy cotton that it's
it's manufactured in a factory but it's
not grows in fields look at this it's
amazing and they're coated they might
the only one that's that chard
I'm repacking my pillows tonight yeah
literally the earth just supplies the
most comfortable thing is it cool
oh that's from a snail that's from a
little snail $10 stick your finger in
that hole and hold it for 60 seconds
pinky dollars I stepped on a hill just
like that last night and got bit up on
my anger me see red they are are you
serious look it's blistering City boys
to the boys in the yard
the whole family said they've had
rattlesnakes at their house all the time
is that what I'm hearing they said they
had cottonmouth rattlesnake and one
other crazy crazy venomous snake all
right let's roll let's roll I just had
to see that I love that what you driving
always Drive okay so welcome officially
to the vlog this is a very crazy way to
start this log because we have all right
today we were in Ohio right now we are
right on the Florida Alabama line like
if you drive down this road right here
you end up in Alabama right now aren't
we in Florida right now they call it
flora Bama floor at Pala Florida ala
Florida I don't know either one depends
on which side you live on I think you
know like a lab or the Alabama man's
record of Bahamas or the Florida and
there's like restaurants that are right
on the line and like you can eat in
Florida you can eat a little bit like
crazy I'm sure that happens with all
statements but welcome to the vlog we've
done so much and we just wrapped up our
last part we just hang on
hang on guys do you realize what we just
did what we just finished I finished a
bottle of water
we finish the project oh my god hot
boiled peanuts hot boiled peanuts a new
heaven for your nuts listen when we went
to Key West I stopped and got boiled
peanuts because I always get bought
peanuts the thing is I got the Cajun
ones and dude I was wrecked that full
rest what happened it's like a family
show country you wanna get some bull
penis
let's go free drinks with the smaller
medium baguettes deal what they're
asking oh yeah
you ever had boiled peanuts never I've
never even never I don't I'm not even
sure that I've heard of it what it's
really good really they're just peanuts
really yeah I'm serious what we thinking
here first-timers how are you Ohio
Columbus
know what you said that's everybody go
get this
he's from grope for really right in our
neck of the woods
20 minutes Roma yeah we got a local here
hey why did the chicken cross the road
no look at this there's chickens walking
around what's up dudes oh don't be like
that now I know why they call you
chickens are you going into cotton
fields man I hope you guys are having an
awesome day we have I'm a little
delirious a bit we got up so early got
on multiple flights to get here today
and I just skipped traveling cuz I'm
just then you got to be tired of it wait
he's got the shell the shell is it what
is it like a Clanton oyster are you
serious
now you are a massive fan of this you
love boiled peanuts we grew up in the
south so it just makes them soft yes
that the there's something to explain to
me how you make a ball peen on what's
that what's the exact time that makes a
ball peanut beldar wrong and then we put
them in a big tank
and we cook them for
nine hours whoa cool so this is like
this is like a you know a rack of ribs
it's really good I mean you have to have
the taste for it yeah a lot of people
don't like what I do very salted so
they're salty and they're warm and
they're mushy oh it's almost like an
oyster or something
mmm YUM
kind of let go I got a little lima bean
or a pea or something I'm gonna go bean
yeah like a bean yeah I mean I like it
so you didn't like it I didn't think it
was bad at all like he said you either
like it or you don't but here's what I
just got inspired by this guy's been
here 14 years mm-hmm
he does 50 grand a year selling peanuts
really me nuts and he loves that's a
good living but a great living and he he
loves his job he literally sets up with
his camera what we could go in and that
dude it's a chicken chicken soup this
look at one of these chicken soup
country country crocodile or chicken or
Jerry oh that's mom I got to be Tom okay
we've ran into a Walmart here we're
gonna try to fight we didn't bring
source but we're right by the Gulf right
by the ocean we're like right in the the
panhandle is what they call us up here
we go oh that's crazy there are swim
trunks in stock they have a few 34 I can
I can tail stop it I'm big I'm a big guy
Marina marina or golfer this is kind of
my wait what is this 30 right here do
those are hot okay okay let's do it
good call good call towels that is a
good call so you guys know us whenever
we're near the ocean we try to get in
the ocean we don't have a ton of time so
we're gonna try to find it we have no
idea where to go
we're also have not eaten all day so
we're hungry but we're gonna swim first
can you tell me where we're going like
about where we're going yet to the ocean
to the beach right he does having a more
like ow I believe it's Pensacola Beach
Pensacola Beach malicious skewer spit
you raw you rockin the dad hat you rock
in the dad hat you've been rocking it is
it cuz you really like the hat or is it
just your only hat not really actually
really I love it did your left
that is so beautiful
I love it I love the ocean
one day I we all will live at the ocean
I'm just I'm just making our future for
us okay yes sir prepare to swim in the
ocean scuba diving surfing snorkeling
you name it we'll do it all right you
had me at ocean without further ado I
bring to you boom look at that just in
time before the Sun falls down
absolutely beautiful
I can't think like that with the project
coming to an end guys I know it's great
for you too because I finally can just
vlog you guys I'm not stuck like I can't
show you this I can't show you that you
can just blog again which is where I
need to be and I can't think of a better
way to celebrate right now just stay
here tonight right there at the hotel
right we don't fly out till the morning
no fun yo did you hear that in this
particular Beach
that alligators alligators here yeah
what we're in Florida right of course
and they love chick like wild chickens
yeah like beats chicken dude this one
right here oh my gosh a beat chicken
look at it hey cute little beach kid
well oh yo yo yo shoot it out there's an
alligator right there Oh in this
environment the chicken has no chance
the alligators gonna overpower swimming
through the water
on to suplex it's just
Oh perfect timing perfect timing uh-oh
where we at
is he gonna work I don't know about my
service Oh
let's try again Oh fuzzy hey what's up
baby I don't really want the whole world
to look up your nose what's up how are
you really good look at the sunset I
know it's like you're here with me
electronically okay you're out of
control
what's up Wow like you've got a kid got
into the box of cookies huh well I love
you like crazy
tell everybody I love them and I will
see you tomorrow I don't know have to
look it up and send it to you I love you
so just in case you want to know it's I
know a girl who's tough but sweet dad's
death death design uh she's so fine that
she can't be beat boom that's a lyric
and then that's the I'm on can't there's
more lyrics but everything goes yeah so
we're headed to dinner guys I don't know
week we couldn't figure out what the
lyrics were so I pulled it up and we're
headed to what's the name of this place
it's the most highly recommended place
subway eat fresh yeah
called Hemingway's Hemingway's still got
the ways yeah that's what confused you
hey my episodes which place is already
oscillate he's trees baby
palm trees smile more Bar and Grill is
that the official name
I don't know working title but like just
gives us another reason to be here
sorry babe everywhere could be Bahamas
it could be Florida that you're giving
up give it to me sing to the viewers
give it to me country don't like you got
lower this oh he's got it he's got it
anyone
come on your delay you're about to get a
private show
dude he's practice he's gonna learn he's
learning Careless Whisper right now
he gave Dale like a taste he's gonna do
it well the greatest YouTube videos it's
called a sexy sax sexy sax long met
awesome guy
videos so good
come on man you got it I think he's got
it that's great all right we're out and
about left the restaurant I feel like
we're in like one of them like beat
zombie game zombie movies you know like
where all the zombies would start coming
out at you there's apparently apparently
a big pier out here you can walk on that
look so imagine nighttime jet skis they
go out at night well this is pretty cool
man come out here you can sit on the
dock hang out it's awesome
I love it it's Saturday night so most of
the restaurants here all have like live
bands I hear so much music going on like
for each place it's wild there's also
these awesome pipefish that keep
swimming 3 I'm going to try to capture
one if I can find now there's not one
but all fun there's one right there
see how super cool I love these guys
there he goes
he's moving awesome check out this giant
jellyfish right here hey this guy oh
it's all blurry he is that guy right
there mr. jelly look at that guy
whoo monster are you guys warping up to
there we go warping up to my room
outside these hotels for like less than
12 hours of pretty much asleep in here
this place is pretty cool though wow we
have officially wrapped up I got like my
own little living room in here this is
cool don't really get to utilize any of
it your mom kitchen what is going on I
uh it's pretty much like an apartment
but I never use any of it it's like I
used the bed that's it
thank you guys so much for not only
coming along on this trip with me but
being a part of the vlogs during all of
this during the project right I mean
this has been going on a very very long
time which means I get to announce it
soon and hopefully you guys will love it
and it's you know it's something I'm
very proud of and I can't wait to share
it with you guys until then let's get
back to vlogging family and just do what
we do do what we always do on these
vlogs whether it's crazy whether it's
boring whether it's blowing something up
or just sitting on the couch with my
family let's just do what we do guys
thank you for being patient and being
here I love you guys so much don't
forget how important you are we will see
you tomorrow you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile more
you
