morning guys what's up I know a lot of
you have asked me what does your office
look like what is your youtube brain go
to work I just want to show you this is
my office really old and basic and it's
pretty boring but the break room is
where it's at this is where we go to
just clear our minds you know this is
this is the kind of things you need like
you can see right here chase is hard at
work on who so instead of working on
probably the website or something he
should be working on he's bowling coming
ah ah it's not much but it's a place for
us to kind of you know I'm totally
kidding
this is not our office at all dude this
place is awesome
what this actually is his inspiration if
I ever have an office a full bar if you
have a full bar where you work and
you're not working at a bar that might
be your eyes thank you
this is actually not our office at all
hey it's kind of a bummer now that you
know it's not long it's gonna you're
gonna call the cops so I'm back bet man
everybody thought that was our actual
office sorry guys now if you see where
we actually working probably unsubscribe
yeah
oh no that place is awesome that's where
chases are actually works there that is
his actual job there not has nothing to
do with me though he gets it he gets a
uh he gets a wooden store when he works
for me and he gets an arcade when he
works for those getting some California
Pizza Kitchen I've never been here you
been here nope neither but I heard it's
good and we got a big fat gift card why
are you yelling at everybody are you I
was going to take a picture
maybe with Ricardo he's about to cook us
some mean pizza at California heat the
kitchen in Columbus Ohio oh yeah oh yeah
somebody's sleepy somebody sleepy hi I'm
Evan haha no he's got the no gravity the
low gravity was it called moonwalk
mid-walk codon and you can literally
just float do it just jump Gilroy and I
are beating our fingers to death because
you guys want smile more merchandise
stickers and we are just creating our
online store is finally going to be up
very soon and we are making sure that it
looks perfect and uh not this one this
one looks bad but we're just cranking
away for you guys today we want to make
sure because every day you guys ask
where do we get stickers where to get
shirts and I've been sending a lot of
free stuff out and it's just time to get
the store up time to take a quick break
from working and get some food give it a
try
bigger wings whinny bigger wings
bunches of others witness that's why
it's a thing
I was terrible good fried fried cheese
wedges pepper jack cheese inside
where we got your nose like I'm not
hungry nothing sounded nice
tearing it up from her and her tonight
so I could kill my ribs my suit you ate
a lot for saying you weren't hungry very
full oh man we ate too much why do we do
that why do we do that hey I forced you
to foot food dynaroo Jews are you hungry
he smells my leftovers hey down down sit
Hey oh they're in
Perle my brother's truck we're gonna go
look for any desk because we need an
jess a little desk and where's Kane we
leave him inside do we leave Cade Cain's
with Brittany sister for a couple hours
because he did not he wanted to go bad
with the other kids so anyway here we go
I'll teach ya that'll teach you
I'm Adam nod nod back at that oh my got
a desk Britney's very own desk it's so
cute
no I think she got a hillbilly chair
really chair Hey
just wait till you sit down in it and
then I'll be like up can't sit my elbow
a chair it looks too real it's too real
it almost makes you feel bad it's just a
game terrible because you gotta sneak up
on them Brit got her new desk it's all
set up
it's so nice stickers can I have one is
it Nemo I think one will look good right
there my beautiful flowers which I just
picked up for her
yes I'm so sweet I'll tell you the whole
story
you got my tape dispenser I love it tape
dispenser yeah that's right it's leaving
at like eyes on it
it's a bug it's a worm he's slapping him
watch oh it's a fly baby huh denne denne
denne denne denne denne
alright guys that's about all we have
for today you know what i'm learning
about these vlogs that you guys might be
more loyal to me that i am to you
because 11,000 comments on my last video
i would have never guessed that ever
ever never and i skipped the next day
flogging it sucks yes I don't deserve
you guys skip the next day because that
day you were just counting comments and
reading it oh yeah right
now we will read them but haha I'm
trying my best to stay on track guys
thanks for sticking around even if I
don't put a vlog up you guys aren't the
absolute best I love you alright guys
just to answer a quick question we live
in Columbus Ohio that's our city and
state because that gets asked a lot
where do you guys live that's it most of
our prints everything shot here in
Columbus where do you guys live what
city state country planet where do you
guys live hit us I love you until
tomorrow smile more that's all you got
to do see ya
Oh sick
