not one of my favorite places ever Bob
Evans and I'm eating here today I mean
the big breakfast I don't know if it's
good it's prime mostly grease you got
gold chicken fingers so we want to go
bowling today Britney forgot socks
because you can't walk into target
without their little dollar section it
is Glo foam sticks enjoy it foam I gotta
try it you know there how's it look this
thing I have been looking for a Tom and
Jerry shirt oh no I love Tom and Jerry
and Target used to have them and now
they don't I used to have one from here
now they don't just want a Tom and Jerry
shirt I have to order it I guess I don't
know they have like every other shirt
and Ninja Turtles no Tom and Jerry got
my socks
nice yeah you need all this feel boring
hey you two have a girl I need a girl oh
you know how to make one that's pretty
cool I could probably write it Mary you
could definitely write about honey you
need a girl don't say that oh you're not
need a girl the best part about having
two boys is getting to play with all the
toys I I have the time I think that
we're playing with the toys because I
want to like Legos Legos are my favorite
I could build Legos all day if they're
awesome now are you very much you build
Legos even when the kids are not there I
love Legos like they're so cool compared
to when I was a kid no the girls stuff
is so much cooler oh wait you guys are
awesome Oh
Noah is outgrown Legos just by year we
play with Legos a long time but luckily
cane is just started so I get I get to
do it all over again
gloomy out everybody likes this turtle
stuff uh-huh yeah so listen listen up my
sick shoes off it's look pretty good
only it's definitely not what I'm good
at No
my man
all right it's our final is our final
scores 109 264 you got to beat me this
time I know sit down all right
huh scores are in
so today yesterday we picked up a board
game that we can actually play with you
guys all right for real though the game
is called it looks pretty funny actually
everybody says they want to see us play
board games so I got a board game you
asked for this this crazy game you got a
book of all these questions and they're
totally screwed up questions this is for
you guys too would you eat a litter of
stillborn piglets for $50,000 yes
stillborn piglets that's terrible you
drank a gallon of lotion if doing so
gave you the ability to hover three feet
off the ground
what would hovering three feet I know it
does not it be cool for a few minutes no
here's the bad part about drinking a
gallon lotion and then hovering three
feet is you can't sit on a toilet hood
you're gonna have to sit on a toilet
what flavor ice cream would you rather
enjoy rocky road kill or chocolate chip
loogied Oh big Louie dough oh you on
that all right I'm starting to think
this game's not the best game to play
this one sick not this one either
err me like you have no choice rather
right this one says would you be willing
to barbecue your hand and eat it for ten
million dollars ten million you can buy
a new handful oh man depends Lars is
right-handed left-handed I really need
my ray all right I got the last one this
is last one would you clip off both your
little toes with garden shears for two
million dollars I don't think you need
those toes
I know but two million final oh that's
for you guys you guys asked you guys
answered and that doesn't wear like
sandals or flip-flops then yeah but a
person that like who cares what it looks
like two million bucks
some fat much don't even need that toe
nobody's looking at that toe if I walked
in some way and was missing both of my
pinkie tips I'm sure people would notice
oh you guys answer it would you cut off
both your pinky toes for two million
bucks I don't know I say no I say yeah
you don't wear a flip-flop
I wish that falls on my foot sauce right
now but let you see that told Brittany
the only way she can get this giant bag
of warhead is if later tonight she has
to see how many she can get her mouth
mmm was it sour
that's weird those aren't sour there Oh
