hey guys what's up I just want to start
this vlog out by said and I'm not the
best vlogger in the world I admit that I
can barely get a video up each day is
it's 10 times harder than I thought it
would be
I'm only on vlog 44 and I've already
missed like two three days I give so
much love to these vloggers every day
like Gaea Jesse prankvsprank it's
absolutely insane that I can do that
every day it's awesome I just I kind of
suck at it and besides that I put a new
bathtub in the the bedroom so it looks
pretty nice now I'm just kidding we got
a hotel a hotel today yes I am at the
car wash because my baby is filthy dirty
it looks like it's been sitting right it
has been sitting for like two weeks
because I've been out of town I can't
even tell on camera but it's just filthy
some stuff to mail out today also we got
a Czech bar P o box only crap yes
day and tomorrow we have no kids
whatsoever
we got a suitcase and the Roman soldier
poster we're gonna go get that frame
finally I'm home so let's do it
and get a hotel headed in to get the big
poster frame this thing is so freaking
big seven foot long and we just got this
in the mail that's a pencil drawing of
me so we're gonna try to get this framed
as well so you can custom frame anything
here I believe
you pick all your frames out like that
if you want to find a golf club I could
frame you yeah well that was insanely
disappointing I had no idea how much
frames were for the cheapest frame that
I could put on it
no glass it was over $700 yeah so that
being said I'm not getting it framed but
I'm just gonna go to like Home Depot or
Lowe's and just get like wall trim and
cut it around it you don't have its own
frame just can't moving around that much
if anybody has a better way to make your
your own frame let me know because I
want this sucker frame to read a place
called Pizza cottage this is the best
pizza in the world I don't know if it's
national or yeah it's just local yeah
but they have a bunch of let me fill you
in on Peace cottage I worked at the
first Pete's cottage in Buckeye Lake for
like three years
or their first job and then the owner
sold it and then they branched it out
and now there's like five yeah we're at
a different one right now Yeah right one
in Pickerington may look like regular
pizza but it's the closest thing to
heaven you'll ever put your mouth
remember I told you Brittany only gets
BLT pizza it looks good it's amazing we
got a hotel tonight like I said earlier
and we're going to the liquor store get
our drinks no kids
April drinks and a lot of you know what
important is this is what my closet will
look like one day when my youtube career
goes downhill
so I told Brittany the only way she can
get this giant bag of warhead is if
later tonight she has to see how many
she can get in her mouth how many think
you can I'm guessing like four before
whatever you're doing
they're gonna be pouring out of your
mouth oh yeah I don't want to see my
Fitz get my face is gonna look like that
looking at some new board games here
guys back at the hotel this hotels nicer
than my house
it's bigger than our house sure it's not
bad it's not bad this is my favorite
part just I got to show you some of the
artwork in our hotel room like this
one's nice guy fishing in a stream just
a fountain I'll show you guys this piece
that's at the hotel is really weird
let's hang up here
Kevin Gardner he sent me this he drew it
and it's absolutely epic I love it
alright it's time for some fan mail fan
mail I just having a fan forum I'm not I
have Britney open it just because it
just in case it's anthrax or some
explosive device it's a Roman army
helmet keychain Oh awesome you guys are
way too creative that who's this from
show you are awesome this is definitely
going on something cool let's go to my
book bat my travel bag a Roman soldier
helmet you don't Rochelle the helmet
actually work just perfect awesome
thanks Shay dude these are awesome he
sent us survival bracelets
he gave it gave you a pink one oh that's
sweet actually that looks really good
Anthony says that he's been giving me
shoutouts on his binder at school that
is awesome I love that thank you so much
and he writes my youtube channel on the
chalkboards can't beat that did Hamid
simply says I am Roman soldier this is
awesome they're like a smiley face
Gabriel you sent me a whole bunch of
stuff stickers and coupons for Chipotle
dennis is gonna be so jealous that I got
pulling you
oh there's doggies on this one this one
is definitely got explosives in it what
is it free seriously
no what my my drug sniffing dog Bethany
you get the cute award and smiley face
award the most smiley faces hey that's
my name
Zepeda Nick septa you know you are an X
F and I know I can't read it dude all
right let me answer this he says what
did you want to do before you started
YouTube that's a great question I was in
a factory for twelve years and I just
wanted to make I just wanted to film and
edit I don't really know what I wanted
to do I wanted to direct I wanted to act
I wanted to be funny
I don't know YouTube just took over as
you know I like making comedy videos and
pranks took over on YouTube really fast
so that was it Oh Ian and Victoria
that's awesome
was this just about your name what your
name means he's always willing to listen
Orman is charming and likable I am
likeable that's I am Michael you have to
admit this is awesome this is super cool
if anybody wants to freeze the screen
and read it right now you can thank you
guys so much you have five awesome kids
I bet jeez 13 11 9 3 and 2 we know it
too is like and we know what 9 is like
11 and 13 is a scary mystery that's
coming soon yeah we're having a hotel
with no kids it's amazing I'm used to
hotels but not with you I never haven't
told you alright so we made a deal if
how many minutes there is so what's the
best flavor black cherry or watermelon I
don't know so we made a deal if Britney
was to get this bag of warheads she had
to see how many she could get in her
mouth tonight that is
I hate them I love the candy underneath
the sour part all right so we got 10
that's easy you can get one back all
right just try 10 tens fair since
they're all right hmm
was a sour that's weird those aren't
sour there Oh extreme so you keep Nicky
rap uh uh you gotta hold it longer
oh no 9 you guys do more than 9 like I
suck at that I can't eat them all right
yes fair whatever lips at least you
tried it I wouldn't even try some sissy
all right we're calling it a night guys
that is it for today uh what do we got
going on tomorrow I don't know it's
always a mystery it's always on the
street this thing's made your lip bleed
uh I hurt so bad you do it
trying to get better at these vlogs guys
it's so much harder than I thought it
would be doing these every day some days
I just don't feel like it's interesting
at all I don't feel like you guys would
want to see it so I just skipped the day
you know I film I do I filmed all days
but some days I'm like this is just so
boring so you guys let me know do you
want the army I don't know so um all
right guys we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget to smile more headed to film some
pranks gilroys Cameron up today dennis
is still in LA so it's up to go over to
get the best most epic shots ever
