yoyoyo good morning headed to film some
pranks gilroys cameron up today
dennis is still in LA so it's up to go
right and get the best most epic shots
ever the prank can suck but if he films
it right it'll be great almost ready I
had to buy some like hoodies I want to
cut the sleeves off so I look more like
a criminal what I'm doing today is Grand
Theft Auto 5 pride most ready to film
get me camera out your ways locked and
loaded
this is my uh my character for today
basically gonna see if people want to
help me kill people who that as uh this
pricing one awesome Grand Theft Auto
five frame basically I just see if
people will help me kill people then I
pull out the gay it's pretty funny
ticked what do you think what's going on
Jim good um people legit wanna kill
other people maybe on the area we're in
yeah how much you said a guy telling me
thirty grand he would help me kill
somebody you know it's bad the economy
is bad huh how much so after film and
decided I have to do a new Instagram
photo this photo super cool to me
because it can't be more true it's
actually it actually is a hundred
percent true about me doesn't work it
works hard for you smile I'll work for
my smile so I want I've been wanting
this photo for probably two months and
today I got chases helps we're gonna do
it like a bigger like you bigger
yes who holds a square sign I don't know
I've never seen his first time it's
always wider than it is tall
you should have had Brittany Megan hey
hey I like being in the middle of the
road we got to make sure the shots
perfect I got my will work for smiles I
gotta get the perfect Instagram but you
guys really like this
you guys better like this small baby
everyone's smiling well that was easy
hey not funny you guys burger like that
photo I made a lot of people smiling a
minute I can't imagine standing out
there for an hour tried to get the cops
to smile but I missed it on camera we
are hiking up a storm bill rappelling
today my brother is a rappel master 77
years in the biz some nice clean
drinking water what's this place called
cosmos Hollow
very cockle cockles hollow cockles
Hollow it's probably piranha there it's
that easy
hold on get this but make sure it's
super tight dude
so what my brother said you want make
sure all your furnitures in the same
room put it in one room dude I think
it's all in one room dude
I'm going to split room are you ready
I'm ready
you got gloves out for everyone no only
tricky part about repelling this once
you get over this edge is gravy
um you just want to lean back like this
and then as you go down you want walk
down that rope and then as soon as you
hit here you can kind of sit and get
comfortable yeah yeah and then you can
just you go slow walking down or you can
like pop off and go down yeah how was it
it was not as bad as I thought it would
be you did awesome it was I definitely
only do this on a couple ones one weird
thing about rappelling right off the bat
is that you jump just swings
the next wall that was only maybe 20
feet maybe 20 feet at best and we're
packing up the head to the next one
which is 60 60 feet so we're tripling
our wall RIT is going off the 60 footer
they're going room that's Bondi the
gloves are way better mm-hmm
Wow if y'all hot that is yeah it's a
little bit nicer rig no difference a
little thinner he is part cat though
right we're now at the hundred and
twenty 120 footer Oh 130 130 it doesn't
look like nothing from here you'd get
this especially since the trees are
taller 130 foot drop this day all the
way down there all right I'm all hooked
up let's do it push me a lot
whoa let's go Britt Britt knees up 130
foot that's like at least six of her
body life basically the guy at the
bottom of the rope like myself right now
if I pull this rope even the slightest
bit she can't move so if she was to fall
all I have to do is just barely pull
this rope and she stops how's it look
good job baby
oh yeah we be defeated we made it we're
all alive now it's the hike up
that's the sucker part chasing ya
chasing ya back home and extremely tired
did so much today locaters is so tired
we're calling it a night guys thanks so
much for watching and brand new prank is
up on the main channel at thumbs up is
that for the new prank thumbs up for the
new play double thumbs up that way
alright guys brand new prank is live
please go love it please share it with
everybody you can Facebook anything you
can do for us it's always a huge help we
love you guys until tomorrow
smile more see ya oh man you guys uh I'm
just gonna shoot out here I'm looking
for someone wants to help me kill people
you don't want dude I'm just it's like a
game it's like a game to me
you sound crazy
