good morning good morning we are headed
to gets to breakfast time to go to Jack
and Jill's again we should start getting
paid by Jack and Jill's way we we got
there mmm good always leave the stock
without for my city up with that for my
CD or higher versus that work to almost
every day it's the same exact thing a
whole round of peach lemonade's and your
life I've fought guys Cheers
for Tom rather peach lemonade baby we
are animals hmm anyway walking up right
now we got three hours we're gonna be
sitting in a room at a writer's table
super excited about that give me a
hammer give me a hammer hey I'm in your
video yeah
big fat you guys are awesome natales
videos and florida yours all over the
world yeah man all right let's do a
picture let's do a picture that's the
bottom now we're here no are you ten
floor we're here is it done for we
started at the bottom the hours in and
writing at a big table Oh sugar Jesus as
Jesus has last dinner on this exact
table so windy let's take a picture all
right and ready to flush it out no way
we went our way for the bleep it's lunch
I think this is worth youtube.com slash
Sam macaroni rap this breakup if it
kills me today we're gonna wrap this
prank up three day uh this is our second
day on this prank but we've been filming
all week and we just need a video and
it's just killing me you guys have been
waiting this long on a freaking prank
we've been killing up Italian we're
killing on Mitali channel but our
channel needs love man it needs love
pull your vlog camera something once you
mic check I'd be representing around a
lake
we've been chilling with steve-o like
they ain't no tomorrow we've been
hanging out at a squared screwed every
day in the in this house which Chili's
and it played big baby deep we're
getting locked up the NZ whoop this is
all one Diane V what my Jeff but what
does it matter
McDonald's right there that they matter
Steve all looking like a crack debt hey
yeah oh gee motherfucker huh uh-huh yeah
boom we just crushed some serious
reaction Romeo with got it
what I'm saying is the
my baby John what we need yeah we're
gonna do this for a minute there a
second dude this is my baby like feed it
nurture it love it and fucking make it
happen not leave it outside on the porch
you know my Tatum keep oh dude it's
nasty machine haha oh oh it's funny 747
we just ah got the cops called three
times in a row to three different
corners on Hollywood Boulevard a rapist
we got out of there the first two times
like pretty quickly the cops are
actually rolling up that third time boy
would they have been pissed
soon exact people hey guys they will die
I'm so glad that we got that big number
sturdy bolt and I you know hey what can
we say man you know like the boys are on
fire there's a fire actually we're all
in for fucking all actually stuck to the
back of the car like a bunch of gays Rd
oh you this deep huh it's a sample from
the Iran Sam got everybody let's take
some drivers Oh Carly oh is that you got
the really cool to hang out put my
favorite thing about you say what your
energy to yeah we're in
look I'm higher energy to enjoy wait
what dude Sam macaroni bring such a
positive vibe to the group like when I
show up and Sam comes to me I just feel
better so he's a fun guy to be around
he lifts you up alright macaroni salad
today for this special vlog I have a
giveaway but not residentially
challenged this was fit everything you
need the entire kit my sitting right
here you want D to make great things
happen together now just putting it out
there into the universe what about the
possibility and think about this while
while I'm gone so I'm leaving on chore
listen to him listen to him right now
think about the possibility I've this
man a new crew
where
a big project yeah maybe like a fucking
hot television series just think of the
possibilities are at last
hahaha epic father Ruiz closes the hole
man
we locked in the bathroom because Dennis
is holding this remainder Oh Dennis
official hero not why are you nervous
cool cuz you possibly guys know I didn't
break the door no you were holding he
got no it doesn't matter it's not like
he's gonna call the cops with the door
we come in today
how are you anyways we were playing
around in the bathroom and when I when I
knocked on it your door was so fragile
that I didn't go through it so I would
like to eat here every day so you can
write me an invoice how much I owe you
for the door and I would love to say
go check and let us know it's a punch
pit and they just went through waves of
March it's a cracker door I'm ready I'm
ready for invoice
give me an invoice if you do Tom I don't
know what to do with my life anymore go
with the hardcore parkour nation right
here hardcore parkour yeah no joke yeah
no no run oh you have to run you can't
write that you can't make that without
Ronnie bro oh yeah you can do it or
imagine hit my chin right on buck triple
right on it come on now run
easy
ah
so Vitaly and Dennis went out for the
night I have two videos to edit and get
uploaded it's just me and Tom hanging
out and they're not really much going on
hook us up with these clothes and ice
they feared good that is naught does fit
good but I mean this is fuckin
performing at the Tempe improv this
Thursday tomorrow through Sunday but can
you be an asshole out here in Arizona
for any more than state hey don't come
to see my amazing show good for you
Steve oh I'm happy for you brother just
wrapped up our brand new prank
finally it's up dude I'm excited miss oh
my gosh we had I don't know two and a
half weeks with no prank
we said we said last time we wouldn't go
for a week yeah I'm happy people gave us
that homeless break yeah it's all Stevo
he hooked it up guys new pranks up that
you know what that means I don't have to
tell you what that means you gotta go
crush it you gotta go share it send it
around the world make it make it viral
it's up to you guys if you love it
Smosh make it viral for us we love it
hopefully you guys like this one this
was steve-o's prime this is this intense
it's pretty different for us and appeal
their eyes away from his food no no all
right guys sit go check it out love it
share it like it till then I'll see them
all smile more pull again yeah once
again we use the atmosphere oh my god
that is that it terrible
