forty guys is for Pierre we're about to
rock out some pranks thanks to steve-o
saying you're going out on I can't okay
here's what's really going on okay we
have been doing great work with Vitaly
but I've been you know just of course
launching my shit in a very epic way
it's been mr. Roman Atwood Dennis
already helping helping help and being
of service to others getting nothing for
themselves nothing's worked out for them
so what are we doing now okay I wrote a
bit we were going to promise her to film
it from my channel and it's my baby
it's one of my babies I am gifting it I
am gifting it look at me and so
guaranteed so money I'm only giving it
to you because I wrote such a banger
awesome and we're about to start
shooting but we need a shopping car we
got to get a shopping cart where can we
get a shopping cart Sunset Boulevard is
right up there
good old Dennis is gonna go cuz you can
always buy ya rent one from a homeless
girl when I was walking my dogs
I noticed around this corner the most
fucking disgusting blanket and pillow
I'm thinking about I did what oh that's
you there's nothing fuck oh my god just
get that shit Burt it's done aw dude
suck it - do we're shooting a homeless
but we're steve-o has to be almost are
we fun - dude dude it's fucking soaked
away like those a dude I'm Shona oh my
god you're the most disgusting person
dude it's it's literally good poop
it's got shit dude that's shit yeah
that's shit let's quit whether or not
that human shit or dog shit I'd say the
option Oh God
that's it looks comfy man I can't said
that there's nothing better about the
bed it just doesn't add shit what a V
hello I didn't know you guys were here I
didn't come here I was just driving I
was going back home and I was like wait
this is stealing no yeah I got a 5
o'clock
it's like Dennis found us a shopping
cart right let's put all this yards to
us junk in it you are waiting on people
to fill this is our situation steve-o
has lost everything and he's
residentially challenged my job
Dennis's job he's basically beat the
shit out of it in front of people it
seems to be off to a good start so far
we are moving locations
I understand Amana gas right so we just
had to call a wrap today oh fudge
muffins man but we did good
maybe they've got good reactions well
definitely finish it tomorrow we got
three hours tomorrow finishes there's
something crazy we've got one two
it was already done that's for a while
kind of done we got to finish them up
and then we've been making crazy videos
for batali but now I just just crazy
some rope your preference up up move it
bridge over at Chipotle Roscoe let's go
this place dude are you just killed full
again yeah once again we use do that is
that it terrible ditch bull again I did
not eat it I bet each part like Chima
obviously this shit on my planet is
underwear Oh tell you first it let's set
this up by Weezy just do it come on come
on
yoyoyo with funky breakdancer Batali
cdtv he's about to give it to us for
real that's what some music our glass
here we go
vitalyzdtv in the hell yeah we got old
alright guys that's all we got for you
today
we're tired we're just worn out man
stuff
bah yo fuckin touch me right now Oh see
you tomorrow for more money
oh we're not house here I was here Oh
smile more information is the exclusive
bug in debut exclusive launch of my
channel on Remy I would vlog yeah I'm
gonna fucking love the Roman soldiers
man
