good morning beautiful flora hi baby
bye cutie
bye cutie raisins over the new carpet
boy get your butt in the kitchen you see
you soon love you spider-man
Oh YUM mmm
oh no that's Brad brownie brownie versus
hard boiled egg all right I'll see you
guys soon okay I love you all I'll be
back shortly
Oh miss yeah be right back okay
Cora daddy loves you right guys welcome
officially to the vlog if you watched
yesterday's vlog he's gonna be a lot
like that the first half of the vlog is
kind of action-packed the second half is
just home with the family perfect style
mix for me I love that this is my
favorite day by umpire he does not look
happy that I'm leaving so we we got a
bunch of shooting today to do at a place
club but I want to come here for a while
actually it's called up high Oh dreams
I've never been here I've never even
done what you do here and I really
messed up cuz I did you go pro by chance
go I have a car
hold on appalled man I had everything
sat out and I got distracted sing
goodbye and I forgot my GoPro you basin
well just show you in a vlog but are you
gonna you're gonna do this with me you
know you put that camera on me you
always put me on the spot I don't know
what it is it's like it's kryptonite so
would you answer differently if I wasn't
filming absolutely so basically what
you're saying is you do it for them you
do it for the blog do it for the I'm
here for you what are we doing I don't
know I don't even know we got a bunch of
filming the day to do all let's try to
film as much as possible without a GoPro
I'll have a waterproof camera but I
might have to just hold your go serious
what if you drop it it's a GoPro it's a
GoPro
let's go float where are we dude this we
gotta stop driving the jack I'm gonna
drive we hit dirt gravel roads it's bad
Unni Unni Unni me alright we've made it
John what do you think of a place like
this is totally out of your realm is it
yes yes you really don't play with these
type of things extreme sports
not my thing except for like competitive
eating but we can eat here yeah it's I
don't I didn't the question is how many
ARMs am I gonna break none zero will not
allow you to break I only have two so we
can't go over to know what's called Ohio
dream it literally is a playground I
mean you got everything from you know
this is tiny compared to this place this
is just one thing underneath the roof
you bust out some air X some air BMX ok
you got this beautiful outdoor concrete
slash would skate park BMX park then you
get this giant building full of fun easy
country easy big dog look at this you
just drop in giant foam pit huge indoor
BMX skate park it's big big spider
what's with all our spiders on these
adventures dude they're following
country around all geez have a vendetta
oh you're all right Argo John how you
feeling buddy wet look a little worn out
we've been doing a lot here rigging up a
bike I'm gonna test this they got this
jumbo foam pit which has always been you
know something fun to do they get this
giant mini ramp right here oh my gosh
that's easy
leave this basket boy this little
sketched I would be sketched to its nine
nine years old dropping in on a basket
why don't you think you would drop in
that's good if I could fit in I'll get
you in I'll get you in that basket
rigging up the GoPro right now and we're
gonna dive into this foam but it's a
great ramp holy smokes
called yeah you got it man take the
laundry to take the laundry out sure
nada sure know how to trash a place you
know jeez look at this place
the after man now what do you think what
do you think of that you ever done
anything like yeah look at this guy's a
giant giant backyard slide into a pool
we gonna do doubles me and you on one
rap little bigger what's up man thanks
for having us out this is absolutely
insane
so the slipping fly is kinda like a
roller coaster yeah that has the
potential to bite back okay fun what
does that mean oh it's super fun fast
going down but if you don't do it just
right you do have the potential to smack
it's like venom it is so just try for
the triple triple back back first rise
so what should I be trying to do alright
alright you're going first
you're stepping up just kinda like dive
in arms out
get up on your on your forearm okay on
your count like on your tippy toes
how you feeling under you come up to
transition just let your head come up
look at the trees we're so
see you John I love you holy crap oh
that was perfect we go you got a Roman
right my job was to sit here and make
sure that I don't quite get it why don't
you just demonstrate right now so I just
wanted to get what Costa was it was
unbelievable good job I couldn't believe
it
come on let's let's raft it up we got to
get you down so we can get the rafts yes
hey this is one more thing we can check
off you've never done before
yeah did I do with you top of the head
look at me I'm so proud of country right
now this is way out of his comfort zone
it's actually really hard to tell on
camera about how big this ramp is it's
you time een you're way off the off the
top of the water before you even ramp
here we go he's so nervous he's so
nervous I love him for doing this though
here we go
come on Candyman
it's so much bigger than it looks
oh man you know he's nervous me you
gotta get wet again here we go he's
gonna do it right now I can tell I can
see it let's go
these doesn't wit come on country here
we go
you flew baby you for how you feel I
think I touched the clown always make me
cry when you do things in the water we
have bad experience with water we gotta
start think of new hobbies you're right
we need to get on one of these rafts
double well I guess John felt bad for
he's doing on the shark dude what's
what's gonna happen with a shark because
oh my god oh my god
Oh
we had a misfunction - that was a great
job battling off on that
go home is going double oh my god this
will be one of the biggest warps I've
done in a while what a day I know it
just went from probably the slides to
this right here we have filmed so much
we have sweat so much we have had a
blast super hard to film the last thing
we just did an incredible Sambi
experience paintball war I wasn't able
to show you but I can't explain that it
was like a real-life video game you are
you are running through fields and
barriers and buses and walls and you
have paintball guns and all the zombies
are legit you're just tagging them
they're dropping and you just keep on
incredible experience
I shouldn't even explain it because I
didn't get to show you guys but how was
that
laughs so hard in my life is just you
ready no I can't say but man I just had
a super fun time but you ain't John you
guys maybe you guys rocked it out you
mr. September were you and John good
double on the ramp I was a spry hard to
tell on the block when I was on his back
I was laughing so hard that by time I
hit the water had no breath left I was
just I hit the water trying to get air
in it such a good time today it was
really good I wish I could show you more
but tomorrow marks our last day of
production baby whoa wow we got these
little filler things we gotta to but
tomorrow's the last day of full
production so we're done it's back to
vlogging so proud of what we've created
guys I mean I wouldn't when this comes
out I'm gonna be so happy and proud to
show you it right but it's a lot right
now and so I'm just pumped to be you
know moving forward getting back to vlog
II what we love to do best back to
family mode and yeah I mean we're
getting home late semi dark front only
home which is crazy we're an hour and a
half from home and let's go let's go
home and see the family anybody here oh
there's somebody hey little lady how's
my ladies rocking it you take a binky up
for daddy what's up girl
she's sleeping country and I couldn't
help resist bringing home some hot wings
and barbecue ribs like this man Oh Cora
so guys I'm back home and I was I was
gonna make like excuses but I just
realized that I'm so exhausted you ever
been so tired where you just don't want
to do anything or you just can't just
ask me if I'd play games with them and I
said I would love to just lay with you
and why
I don't want to play games that's how
that's bad I usually don't talk about
being tired but I am you guys can't see
it I'm beat tux
I've been calling Ito just Ito you just
smacked nitro so you're here's what I'm
gonna do right now I'm gonna just blog
for you guys for a bit just really
briefly say hello to everybody and I'm
gonna end this vlog then I'm super fresh
tomorrow Korra you look so stinking cute
your old grandma jammies hi baby
here's my girl I miss you so much miss
both my girls there's a little something
mommy get you going it's like what's
that thing you're holding in your hand
she might be best sleepy is daddy
come on
so can you make it do drums like yeah I
can do piano drums guitar like I gotta
see I want to do drums that's a lot of
drums let's get this up what's it called
lunch box lunch pack so um it's got all
these buttons on it I've never seen one
in person no you get all these weird
things and I don't even like he's got
how he does this but let's check it out
drum rack I me a sick drum set a thick
drum beat doesn't tend to turn do some
Terminator stuff it's jars ready wait
I don't understand it it's not like a
keyboard like I can't just do mary had
it doesn't work that way maybe it's all
noobs new movie bringing nitro upstairs
it's like his mega ramp oh my gosh I
didn't see him I know that how exhausted
I didn't not even I thought it was just
someone steps didn't like coming in the
front door to to litter boxes we don't
use our front door anyway but this is
where they're at for now kiddies can you
all come in this vlog with me you say
good night I know it's a little rushed
tonight but uh it got late got very late
and we are it's Friday night
for Little Rascals they finally get stay
up a little later you think - you're not
even tired mommy mommy
Oh wake up baby Shh we love you guys so
much thank you so much for being here
and hanging out with us these cats are
out of control out of control
hey monster truck settle down
see you guys tomorrow thanks for
everything you are beautiful you were
one of a kind smile
you
