good morning good morning first things
first we did a very bad thing we left
for vacation without mailing all our
winners gifts and prizes so we're into
the mailbox right now it's in all these
planets showing addresses there guess
then all this stuff out and see if we
got anything in our mailbox since we put
up our mailing address
Kane is passed out passed out oh I don't
want to wake him up
you are sticker in a way stamp stamp
stamp slots of stamp we got all the
envelopes out put 50 stamps on and then
when we got done she put them on the
bench walked away and then she said oh
it looks like some of these are going to
London and Spain and everywhere around
the world said all we got to add stamps
we had to take them back and add stamps
to all those a lot more expensive that
doesn't matter and I'm super excited
because we got mail from you guys that's
awesome I didn't I didn't think there'd
be anything in there I was nervous so
I'm about to do something I haven't done
for I can't even remember years and
years and years buy a video game I gotta
get the new Grand Theft Auto I haven't
bought a video game for years like I can
t remember the last game I played except
with my kids so I'm getting me a game
I'm really excited about this oh snap
oh snap mama bless its plan with no or
something I don't I don't play video
games ever and I used to live on them I
used to I wouldn't leave the house I
would say I'd have like clan matches on
SOCOM and I wouldn't leave the house I
would play all day and night and live on
where'd it go ready
BW threes
you're so bad we're so bad boys say
we're never gonna come here because it's
terrible for us but you know uh yeah she
goes desert six I'll be frank Grand
Theft Auto now you see 200 vlogs from
now I'm just gonna be like this beast
see that not I we've learned at the post
office I open the door and slammed him
in the head oh my god he went flying
what 314 feet with a little guy
Kayne's China's first fried pickle
take a bite dude take a Bakke
yeah we're home
time for some trampoline Tom whoa
sit say hi to the soldiers they haven't
seen you forever there oh he is hyper
Zeus is so hyper what's up what's up
juice come here sit did you miss us huh
sit down did you miss us did you miss us
while we were knocked me over
oh this really this so I'm not joking
when I say this I just found the
nastiest thing in my yard I've ever seen
I've never seen this before oh my God
look at this beehive that's like
something you see in the movies when
they fall and they attack people I don't
know if I'm over-exaggerating it but it
looks scary yeah I don't like bees I
don't want my kids anywhere near that
area holy smokes how do you get rid of
that
I like asking the viewers how do you get
rid of this thing
it's it like it and I can on camera it
looks so small you can see all the bees
going in Gilroy just got here and I have
to show them this friggin meat Hut how
do you get rid of that and hey came hey
Ford is that long thrower
dude that's disturbing oh my god it's
like a work of art man I don't want to
destroy it but I have to do that's the
one you use in the video
no dude if that fell my dog would try to
attack it and he'd I took your I brought
it you guys finally get to see it I'm so
excited were gonna print this tomorrow
hopefully yeah Prince whoa let's burn
her right now
I wish I got my large format printer
Hannah yeah we gotta wait on this
monster to load up I just gave K to his
babysitter look at that beast open here
it is oh my god this is what four foot
tall seven feet wide by three and a half
feet tall so this this is seven feet so
this is three and a half feet big
like how you did the roman soldiers and
uh hey you guys are everybody to set
their photo 7 foot poster gonna be
smothered on my wall
oh that's happy good job Chloe
so what was it like going through all
those photos it was cumbersome and for
all and for all of you who submitted
more than once
I just love you know it's a lot of fun
everyone was real creative a lot of
really good submissions yeah try picking
50 winners truck picking 2 top winners
yeah that was the worst day of my life
yeah don't get butthurt there's a lot of
creativity out there so if you weren't
picked for a winner
maybe next everybody's a winner look
there was a one look at that oh man
be the most amazing puzzle like can you
imagine putting this puzzle together it
would be so difficult the Roman soldier
the Roman army puzzle would be awesome I
gave up already and didn't even start
it's like the Where's Waldo we should
have put Waldo on here dude who's been
awesome we should have put one picture
of Waldo on here how the dog dog though
how the cow go kitty go how's the duck
go small for you
I wouldn't let you open it but it says
only Roman Atwood is loved to open the
seal only Roman Atwood you die when he
opens his letter no Gabriel dude thanks
homie and you you you were smart you
sent a return envelope which means I
will shove some smile more stickers in
there for you and send them right back
that's awesome yeah like that awesome
Daniel he sent me a bunch of cool magic
tricks which is awesome I love magic
well it sent me is homemade prank I'm
not gonna show you what it is but you
know crackle Annette - that's cool man
thanks
what totally gross flannel balls made me
a homemade button Lea that Roman army
button that's going this is gonna go on
my bag that I travel with I'm gonna put
it right on my bag the sweet button it's
awesome and he said please get a
mesquite high school a shout-out in
Arizona
my Roman soldier smile more smile more
thanks Bobby thanks Bobby
Uncle Bobby baby baby oh who Bobby B
sent something thank you so much it's
awesome I was really I didn't think
anybody was sending anything so this is
so cool you guys sent all kinds of cool
stuff presents and cards and letters and
pictures love it I'm ready place of
grand theft auto
turned up tada it's just a prank because
just a joke this is like it's like real
life for me this is like you're a
lighter here I didn't do nothing
there's a joke it's a joke see like a
parrot well it's a joke he's a friend oh
that's for longer vlogs so that's what I
did today I just ran around with the
camera and just filmed a lot more stuff
just hanging out whatever we did I
filmed it for you the poster I hope gets
printed tomorrow it doesn't sound like
they can print it takes 5 hours to print
that one poster so we'll probably have
it Friday I have a feeling it's gonna be
Friday Oh
what is your favorite video game ever
what is your favorite game ever one of
mine it was Goldeneye 464 definitely
spent half my childhood on that game and
then a SOCOM and the Grand Theft Auto
series are all amazing so what's your
favorite game it's all I got for you
keep smiling smile more I'll see you
tomorrow we only have an hour and a half
do we have to be the airport so we're
gonna make the most of it that's a fun
guy
