you
yeah hard you can't hide from me the
chicken lover right chicken liver that's
always what I get start the morning off
right this is look so good I don't know
this is a lot to eat
would you get locaters yogurt YUM just a
very very very lazy lazy day huh yeah
it's been really lazy just kill it some
Doritos to her is that funny why is it
funny
Oh got to head down to the beach of
course just hanging out we really just
being lazy today we're not doing
anything I love that shirt you're
wearing
ha ha ha you do have a choice daddy
dresses you so sit at the pool today
and the bartender at the bar comes up to
me and says hey I got a really weird
call I said what was it he said that
some guy called he gave him his credit
card number and said that he would buy
Brittany and I drinks so - the whole -
the whole army and whoever bought us
drinks thank you so much cheers to you
guys
everyone that's watching we love you
thank you mmm we got rum punch
rum punch yeah
and I wish you would have left the name
because I have no idea who you are it
he said aw so I'll check Twitter and
stuff see if somebody said anything hey
I need to cut my hand yeah right I will
murder you if you ever cut your hair
been growing this for five years since
we've been together it was like up to
here Romans like grow it grow it out on
her water breaks peanuts
splays is awesome oh oh you're dang sure
digging the hole digging the hole
digging the hole dig in the hole you
guys ever heard that song by Judas
Priest digging the hole I love that song
you got stopped down Herod daddy will do
his ready mmm there's mommy's okay you
put yours right here but we really
haven't done anything today but dressed
so we're gonna do some night swimming
now the kids have some fun where mommy
out I still gotta wear you out
nothing like sipping on a smoothie yeah
cheers buddy hey honey how's the log
coming whoa you're spending we're going
on today was just a super lazy day I
feel like I should apologize for such a
short video but about going to his I
know you guys are just gonna be like
you're on vacation who cares but uh we
didn't do anything today nothing
exciting we just hung out as a family
film we didn't bring the camera really
too much we just hung out had a good
time trying to get a little break before
I go back home and business start to
give so guys oh I want to give a shout
out to about the shout out to Andrew he
tweeted hope you enjoy the drinks so I'm
assuming that was you that bought us the
drinks dude you're awesome thank you we
enjoyed it we had a great time they were
delicious
they were good all right guys tomorrow
will be a whole new day and whole new
adventure
till then smile more love yeah
