welcome welcome to the vlog it is a
beautiful day I hope you're feeling good
I hope you're being positive I am at the
Chicagoland racetrack again today look
at this place unbelievable he's super
early you guys know I'm terrible in the
mornings I sound like a zombie I feel
like a zombie but it's gonna be a great
day I mean the sun shining and it's
nothing but loud motors and fast cars
ah this is what country gets today we
get we get racecars with motors you get
a golf cart you think you can do it you
think you can do donut Madden in this
wet grass definitely do it don't you
wanna try it right now let's try it
chase hang on because he's he's he's
he's gonna rock I'm gonna I'm just gonna
stay here film it's the speed you need
front wait she don't got it we got you
know one day we're gonna get you a big
toy like a real my god yeah nigga you
need it front way I think you need a
front way you know you got to just
practice up we have fuel gauge what race
um race um you know go go fast take the
left passing lane so welcome to the vlog
we got some fun stuff fun for you today
yeah this is all me
it's all about country today the RC
upgrades dude look at these let's
upgrade it
that one's got chrome rims Oh y'all
froude all right guys we're starting the
day with Parker trying to hit 200 miles
per hour
oh let me down no way
yeah like two months of time oh it's
about to be on country is about to be on
the only student they have have to make
it he's gonna fit is good you gotta get
it on you gotta get it on this is the
only thing you gotta stretch it yes
that's it that's it
you ain't baby doesn't set popped off
you got a zip it doesn't really does it
actually looks really good I'm not gonna
lie it looks like it fits perfect but
it's tight it's country's turning so
scared you gotta give it to him Oh
terrified the only wants to go 100 miles
now hey Parker
yeah I got I got exciting alright
alright hey I love you I love you you
got this
don't tell them you walk them before
this can you drive and I'll hold your
hand at the same time okay make you feel
better like that all the time as I got a
ship oh yeah
why they make the cars like that like
what but you have to ship why did this
do it automatic then they make the
driver do everything again I don't want
the car too much work for you yeah
that'd be too easy and it's slow I feel
like a grown in here like the Buffalo me
up hello we want you falling out so what
can really fall out when we turn right
out the window
oh the amazing outfit hope for your
buddy clerks to move don't feel smug
very well hey this is a great experience
sir can we stop right here just get out
hey ready cadre he's so scared
so nasty oh my god
Oh
you don't need to be that close to the
wall oh those crazy man oh man awesome
Robin I don't want to be friends with
you for five minutes oh whoa Oh your
timeout
poor kid they only had to hold my hand
one time four cups over you that's
between this thing there's no cameras or
anything here oh these cameras is on
commercial break the good me are you
guys real quick I'm sitting with Buster
Buster I'm driving the pace car for the
race today which by the way is a huge
honor
I guess that's honor to have you here
that's crazy to me um and we're gonna do
it a little less I'm in the pace car
right now and Buster's gonna teach me
what I need to do and make sure the cars
aren't going backwards yeah for me to
make sure the cars are going the right
way
that's correct I so so get in there and
the pit road speed is 40 then we'll
start easing off you and you'll hit a
tire ke all right cause your car ease
off that's our cue to start moving okay
it's complex
all right thank you all right put her in
gear oh there we go
God you know after being in that NASCAR
moving to the camera here y'all just
business fun being on the racetrack
you just go up like that right there
that's all right kind of stay here
because we want to what we're doing at
this moment we're looking at the
racetrack make sure nothing's out here
that could cause an accident
okay here's our so it's more than this
driving you're clean you making sure the
tracks clean coming graders in the race
right no what's the what do you what's
the word you say when there's a problem
whiskey no no we say cows your car
the tower we got debris on your I go all
the way up to the wall and the main
thing is try to do the same paper lap
because they're setting their cars but
what you're there's a lot of pressure on
me I can do it a bike if the driver has
a problem with his right hand will go up
to well play so if the driver has a
problem the race have they ever blame
the pace hurt oh yeah oh no you live
during the race off all these cars they
all hate and sometimes they all kind of
knowed you a little bit my serious
I know back in the day Carl Edwards day
old senior Tony Stewart named guys it
bumpers all nice I won't be mad about it
does it want to go faster yeah I didn't
I didn't realize the pressure that I
have is not naturally fit you do it
every week thank you so much this is
gonna be fun so we did already here our
test and soon we'll have all them
engines behind are you after buddy
how you feeling thank you man I was
missin that's it it's a true experience
it changes your life change my life
Roman he's me that guy's animal and like
in that beast up machine like he we were
this close to the wall and I was like I
was out to be that close it's almost
saved up you hit the wall that distance
you're fine that's like the safe son
just sludge everybody hang on hang on
Jase
country smokehouse we got to eat you
guys want some more girls yeah why not
this sounds like breakfast food right
big old feel meat stick dude that looks
like from cars the movie cars right
Dinoco Dinoco blue sisters pretty cool
guys we're back we're basically all the
cars are here's all the garages all the
it's crazy look at this it's cool spot
to be for sure this is a wild back here
man so much motoring power
man I just snuck into somebody's trailer
like legit look at this place they look
he's got Star Wars helmet dude look at
this watch play this look at this that's
awesome
it's like computers and stuff up here
think it's like I'm sorry man your
trailer a trailer I thought I was
walking into like a club what this is
ridiculous is just an extra car that's
my backup comes back if the car's not
running good let's just get the other
car oh you got like the the big gas cans
up there guys we coming to grab this
here how come nobody's just went all out
and did like Lightning McQueen
well I'm like many kids I'm not trying
to steal anyone else's thunder I guess
that is like a trademark right
that dudes stealing our logo so what's
up man introduce yourself so I'm Brendan
Poole I'm driving the number 48 DC solar
Camaro and the NASCAR Xfinity series I'm
also a blogger so that's why I was
pumped to like be able to hang out
what's if you guys love you you really
focus on that story I do so my sole
answers go to Chuck's a week once we
actually post the videos a week that's
like me
yeah so yeah it's running with the ball
but my channel is just Brennan Poole
it's just my name really cool
subscribe to my channel if you guys love
NASCAR and just probably crazy stuff
that happens during these races check
him out the cars are getting out on the
track warming up testing whatever
they're doing he's hitting so loud it is
pretty easy so as we're walking up here
it's starting to get so loud that I'm
not even sure how much more I'll be
vlogging here at this track it's only a
few cars out there
apparently there'll be 40 cars
whoa I don't sound like much on here it
is crazy all I'm just not used to it
first time ever into a race which is
crazy I'm sitting here thinking to
myself why haven't I been to things like
this more it's like it's a loss to get
all them cars man that is crazy
one of them I feel like a real racecar
driver today guys remember these guys
all think I'm racecar drivers
this is the official drivers meeting
this is where every single driver come
they don't come here they get docked and
start at the back of the race so I guess
I'm driving the pace car I have to be
there - are you guys driving pace cars
why do I face the whole I feel like I'm
being set up here job tell me
every single person this way
it's weird
also we have witnessed our honorary pace
car driver Roman Atwood okay guys this
has been really chaotic trying to film
the best I can
hey explain to me what I'm doing right
now so we're walking out to free race
right now pre-race okay so you'll be
introduced on this stage is the honorary
pace car driver so you didn't actually
like pave the field with all 43 cars
behind you okay we'll get you in the
piece of art and then I pasted the race
okay no pressure basically this is some
serious behind the scenes guess who the
race is just about to start we're going
out to this stage which just comes out
on a semi truck but look at all the pit
now it's crazy
you try to run on the paint and touch
the paint ready to take you down all
right guys the race is actually finally
starting to go getting this pace car
right now get ready to rock look how
many Mars there's 40 cars ready to tear
this track up shake and bake
so many people racist insane that's what
our demolition derby is gonna look like
cameras I'm back with my man here we go
we're about to it this is it
yeah it's lip you sound nervous nervous
no I just saw you going you have a
helmet I don't yeah
Radio check check check check checks in
the man I got you I got you loud and
clear
when we get up to the when you get it up
to the breeze you push it and hold it
for a second and then say first collar
Carter in trade speed four or five I
don't use for pass no oh Lord I totally
wrong
so first coat first caution car clear
for five verse Township car
phbt cool Japan all right
the tracks starting to clear out looks
like we're about to take this take this
race on hope they just started I have no
idea I'm gonna focus for you guys Buster
said he will take the camera and help
out you do great man you just point it
point it at the action guys we're out
looks like a bunch of angry angry Tigers
behind me look at this
changing
it's so crazy looking back there can you
show the back window this is what I'm
gonna do right now my card like
yep and she go he's a
look at these hangar cats
that doesn't even look real
check this out
holy moly dude house this is so crazy
look at these guys look at these guys
there's the winter boys
I want to do that
three I need you to doesn't jerk
good rollin you would stay asleep we're
gonna sleep sometimes those work and
sometimes they don't we just let death
let's get self-control country Arbutus I
would have screamed like as a classic
move now the traffic traffic looking for
my chapstick guys doing a serious wart
we are getting ripped not getting ready
we're just wrapping up our night and we
got so much done on things you didn't
see in today's vlog is the family that
got to spend all day at the VIP NASCAR
event that we brought here and then
tomorrow we're flying to Boise Idaho
Boise I don't know I feel like I have
been to Boise Idaho but I can't think of
why or when so yeah absolutely amazing
day mostly for the things we shot for
the project I'm doing things for
families and kids that just honestly is
amazing I can't wait for you to see it
until then thanks for hanging out on the
vlogs not really sure what's going on
with the channel the views are like not
just like dipping but have just been cut
in like into a third you guys know these
videos get three million views every
upload which is insane by the way and
now they're down to like one so it's
crazy a little more than that but it's
it's not like it's not like a drop right
it's not like I had a bad day it's like
the channels been split into thirds so I
don't know what's going on still gonna
rock either way guys thanks for being
here and we love you we'll see you
tomorrow you're beautiful you are
absolutely one-of-a-kind don't forget
that you're so important to so many
people smile more
you
