Sally helping cane with the gays
absolutely that's where you watch cane
on YouTube but he doesn't want you yet
yeah my fan listen no he didn't want to
take a picture it's going to understand
yeah what is up guys we are headed to
Denis Vitaly where we are going to try
to pull some pranks it is about two
pounds under though actually doesn't
look bad on camera but I think we're
headed into the storm
yeah five minutes later I just got to
preview the bit is this going up
tomorrow he's going up tomorrow that
means it's up right now then oh yeah it
will be up today so yeah watch it it's
probably ready oh yeah yeah oh my god I
love it I love it so much they should
it's fantastic haha you think guys it
beats Miami zombie are you excited I
love it I love it I was worried but the
music made it this is like a week's
worth of work this video week and it's
coming a lot I was like I think you can
go see you now and then yeah please like
it show her the Roman soldiers are yeah
and shit I'm sure it's sharable I don't
have to tell you oh you're gonna show
you don't have to tell if in our fast
yeah we're back at Thurman's cuz Vitaly
is gonna take the challenge right yes
sir
me and Dennis 2-digit gonna kill the the
thurman Thurman's burger big one he's
like a pound and a half I think yeah
waiting on our food and Dennis actually
won 2030 pac-man champion here remember
that huge huge huge trophy
everyone used to call a pac-man all
exactly all the girls want to go to my
house and touch it
SiC the burgers are huge Dennis and
Vitaly are doing the Terminator
challenge Minh town and a half
cheeseburger would be the challenge who
eats it everything or is everything
right know Tyga's nobody enjoys oh jeez
what do you think be camera that really
does stuff with you I don't usually like
that starfish
only macdennis is halfway yet I look I
love it Ajay how long was that
not even three minutes four minutes got
downtown High Street campus area we are
finally wrapping up a video that's
taking us a whole week to film night
after night odd is finally gonna be
ready for you
after all this wait I hope you guys like
it so we got Vitaly behind the dumpster
Dennis and Gilroy are filming up on a
badass ledge I love that we we are
trying desperately to just finish one
video it's taken a week to film it's a
sniper shot yeah shooting them from
above you know when we're filming
hardcore pranks sweaty pranks look at
you dude you're a mess oh really
we only drink the hardest hardest drinks
and lemonade usually we pay for I'm
gonna hit it let me see what's up I want
to see your holy Shh
that's all from this prank yep paint a
chainsaw girl
squeezing my weed hold the chainsaw
between his legs and pull each time and
now he's got bruises all over well the
videos up there dude we got a video done
oh good all week
three four cops every day this is
awesome thanks Roman thank Dennis thanks
Gilroy yeah it's all what four nights in
a row
fifth this is a fifth night five nights
you know what no cops tonight no cuffs
we had no cops last night no prob oh it
is done it's up right now go check it
out on Batali's main channel it's gonna
blow your mind I promise it's gonna blow
your minds blown mom and Ivan got to see
the final version yet I'd be Friday the
13th
yeah yeah yeah you guys are gonna be
like this what what the
Hey alright guys that's a wrap for
tonight I'm going home got to get our
edits on you got to edit all night ed it
all night baby and then I got to do the
vlog so that's about it until tomorrow
snow more it's for the fans we're going
in there if we get a rest of you get
arrested for you
