we're at Brittany's side of the family
reunion today got a big family yeah this
is the best part
oh my goodness
all right I think that Brittany never
eats the crust on bug
you eat everything I gotta wear a stupid
hat today because my hair won't do
anything it's too tall it's too long and
I've the right products so gonna wear
this hat so I look ridiculous hey mommy
Britney having a much-needed day no no
I'm gonna get to help you go down a
slide
you're Rhett so we had to run up to
Easton I had to run up to Easton to
shoot our meetup video so everybody
knows where we're meet and we just got
here and it looks like there's a
freaking soccer game right where we're
having this Meetup
hey guys just to let you know we'll be
at Easton Town Center Columbus Ohio this
Tuesday at 7 p.m. right by Cheesecake
Factory Barnes and Noble right in front
of Rios can't wait to meet you guys
don't be shy come out ask any questions
you want with answer take pictures hang
out and do some pranks maybe yeah yeah
we're definitely doing some pranks with
these to come out let's do it don't be
shy come hang with us Tuesday at 7:00
p.m. Eastern town centre Columbus Ohio
bring your mom's to 2 nights we eat
fancy for you Oh welcome to my home
thank you thank you vocal we appreciate
this new day that's it very very day we
officially a slave of the restaurant
we're at Cafe Istanbul cafe Escobar and
what is this maggot looking things like
I'm scared to eat mine that looks like a
sasquatch
mmm it's gonna be good that we got
chicken kebabs beef kebabs and you got I
got a chicken here Oh chicken gyro looks
awesome Oh
cruising home back home just finished
dinner with Denis Vitaly gonna cruise
home and work on the giveaway it's all
I'm doing tonight is writing addresses
on envelopes putting stickers in the
envelopes and getting this stuff mailed
out and announcing the winners tonight
so we're going to have some fun hang out
and do this get it done also just talk
to Gilroy and he said the poster should
be done tomorrow night which means I can
get it printed the following day so
we're gonna see this poster hung up on
my wall really soon couple days so Britt
is already slaving away right now all
these addresses because we messed up you
messed up we were supposed to get a
stamp made for our P o box so that we
didn't have to write E's on every single
one of these 50 plus envelopes so the
Han Rodney's gonna be a little girlish
that's because she's right now all right
so since there's like 1,500 photos we've
decided the best way to do this is
randomly pick 50 people because they're
all good I can't I can't they're all
awesome every single one of them so it's
impossible for me to say this one's
better than this one you can't do it
they're all awesome and without
disappointing everybody I'm gonna
randomly pick 50 through my emails and
send them to you I don't care where it's
from I'm gonna send it but I am have to
handpick I do have to pick the top two I
do have to pick the top two the smile
more stamp say cheese
alright guys we basically stayed up all
night I cannot decide on winners so I
finished it in the morning alright so
number two prize the awesome headphones
is going to my man Bret because this
photo is epic this is a giant painted
poster Roman soldiers smile more I
absolutely love it it's epic Thank You
Bret I'm sending you the headphones
homie
alright guys in first prize the winner
of the vlog camera the canon powershot
is going to marcela marcela you went out
you and your mom made an entire wardrobe
Roman soldier wardrobe with little
smiley faces you had a white flag smile
more I'm a Roman soldier you took it to
Times Square New York City you
represented the whole army everybody
should be so proud of you this is
unbelievable it's so awesome
but honestly the photos a little blurry
so I thought you could use the brand-new
camera number one Marcella you rock
thank you so much I'll be sending you
the camera all the 50 people that are
getting stickers and buttons roaming out
with buttons stickers I can't name them
all off so you'll be receiving those in
the mail any time or send them out today
tomorrow it'll be in the vlog tomorrow
probably us in the know don't forget to
smile I see no hate you guys all did an
awesome ass job it was impossible to
pick a winner wasn't it yeah I'm sorry
there's so many awesome pictures I just
went with what really caught my eye so
thank you guys everybody who
participated thank you so much I don't
ever want to do another contest because
it was impossible to pick what I saw
hard
I just disappoint people Lizzie buttons
and stickers everything's going love you
guys smile more see you tomorrow
why go anywhere else your purses and
handbags when they got one
