so Dennis made get up ha I've never had
it it's like sausage right yeah it's a
Cincinnati thing so you can't buy it
anywhere but Cincinnati maybe one more
place I'm not sure but this is sausage
with oats it's the best oh shit I'm not
shot to the world
have one morning coffee it's got a
little place called Bob Evans Batali's
never had it
never had it this place is by far the
best breakfast in Ohio I don't know what
other states Bob Evans is in but I'll
let you guys know I'll let you know if
it's good yeah hopefully they got
Nutella right Nutella crepe Stella
crepes we'll see this is Bob Evans right
here
oh and so what'd you think I was pretty
dope if the server wasn't that dope we
can't do omelets yeah that's the
breakfast place but she that she can do
on but she did an omelet yeah of course
because it all were do you mean you can
make an omelet all okay we can do it
like she was lazy or something
Dennis his place we're about to go prank
it up crank it up he's doing a video
right now himself this is this editing
atmosphere right here dogs barking this
is us critiquing the videos enjoyed the
vid I think it looks good yeah no it
looks good go check out Batali's new
prank it's up right now on his main
channel roman soldiers are you were on a
soldier yes yes I'm a Roman soldier
vitaly is one of the biggest troops we
got yes Roman at your service yes
Denis is out here working on his
brand-new how-to video you guys haven't
seen those yet I'll make more like we're
just doing stuff all over so one of us
is a detainee one of us is walking in
one of us is filming no so we're not
stop and then we're not doing that we're
playing
goofing off kicking soccer balls stuff
like that hey just don't be lazy yeah
you say hello to my little friend
say hi don't be shy put in your whole
mouth what's your fashion I hope he's
awesome and it was a badass it's a low
low go low locust so I told Vitaly I'd
help him out he flew out here to me to
do videos and I promised I'd help him
out with his plane tickets so I got him
a mountain Dew plane ticket I got your
Mountain Dew 192 at Citra inch wheels 13
what are these 13 there's a nice you got
hole in it
I know a lot about poses all I do man so
who's nice nice 13 yeah that's the u.s.
come to Hollywood for this again get
recognized you don't even look like you
and that smile Tina is a giant Joker
smile
dude you just got grease all over my
lens
yeah the small Morecambe in hand we are
ready we're at Columbus State to work on
our coffee cup right
the coffee cup prank I don't know if
that's the title but it's fun it works
it's great we got a call and apparently
you got one you did this to somebody
over his laptop yeah and a little mini
freakout yeah on us you didn't do
anything wrong brother I'm just over
here just doing my job
absolutely yeah I'm not gonna ask you to
stop all right obviously you're doing it
for a purpose
best coffee Columbus state right here
ladies and gentlemen you wanted me to do
a report on I'm like well there's
nothing there's nothing perfect my man
is really like got this cup of coffee
he's walking down the street and still
in this thing but let me tell you your
character presentation welcome to the
public if you guys had a better smile
for life I just got that guy so good
grub Tom time to eat
going back to max been filming all day
this one's not going here Bonnie battery
above the relays every time I start
vlogging Dennis wants his horn horn
blowing Cesaro go to spa you've seen it
a million times with us
well you putting it love the max I've
got chili
I got swings and he's got his phone in
his hand
no oh what's the tater Todd you cannot
I'm serious like what is this circular
is a piece of bread a letter trying to
be funny no Hospital at school like you
to make it your proud laughing because I
don't know intimate you don't know what
a Tater Tot is it's like finished by
Ashford's french fry yes potato cool
in Russia didn't have it was headed home
your home hopefully my kids are still up
missile we've been filming like crazy
today was successful well did not finish
our pride for the channel but we'll
finish tomorrow and have it uploaded the
next day so it's just a couple days away
King's been waiting all day to play with
Daddy hey Mack let's take this out ready
right now let's do your spin oh my gosh
is that fun almost done with today's
vlog did you miss me today did miss me
I'm just wrapping up the night the
contest is huge I'm trying to pick
winners give me two days because there's
1400 photos that I have to go through
each one so give me two days we are will
have a prank up tomorrow
brand-new ready to rock on the main
channel it's been over a week already
since our last prank alright guys I want
to hear the army I want to hear the army
put in the comments I haven't heard you
guys much the last few vlogs want to
hear you today let me read them comments
hit me up let me know your soldier I
love you guys smile more see you
tomorrow
today we're playing firefighters oh man
I think my camera bro
yes already I got find a hole yeah Mike
