what's up guys welcome to the blog we're
at Chicagoland here in Chicago massive
NASCAR gonna beat off the country you
ready to go you ready to race full speed
this ain't like no little red bikes
listen this is gonna be you know why why
because I get to see you do something
that you never done before so just like
country said we're doing something I've
never done it's gonna be very exciting
get to drive a NASCAR today and then
tomorrow I'm the actual pace car driver
for the NASCAR race oh look at you
getting paid getting paid nice it's a
little weird though I feel like I'm
supposed to be finding food well maybe
you will be yeah while we drive we could
be doing laughs while you eat so here we
are guys I'm super pumped check this out
we got the I got a little pass here I
guess there's cold and hot I don't know
what the difference is but we got the
hot tickets look at this bada-boom never
been to a NASCAR race in my life super
excited they're loud they're fast ah I'm
hiding from Mike because he wants to put
a mic on me okay no Mike it's always
reassuring right here when I got the
ambulance sitting by your car okay so
I've never been to a racetrack like this
before so the size is blowing my mind
I'm sure it doesn't look like it on
camera but it's just so massive the
track is so big do you think it was that
big in real life it's crazy it's like a
town it's like its own town yeah its own
community there's all like all the
campers inside there and then the pit
pit row pit lane what is it called pit
row pit row
this is where they all park and do the
whole time trials that's what we should
do so I'm here for production today guys
I'm gonna try to just forget about it
and just vlog as much as possible it's
gonna be extremely difficult balancing
basically two shows at once all of this
over here and then what's really
important to me the vlog so I'm gonna
try to just after yesterday's vlog if
you watch it I just tried to help
explain where I'm at mentally and with
the channel and sleeping on it was just
like I know what I need to focus on and
that's you right here so I'm gonna try
my best today to just cut literally I'm
like walking away from production so
that I can vlog right now so here we go
let's have some fun thank you guys for
being here let's race uh-huh you can go
over 160 in this 160 there's ona 180 180
to 200 possibility you could get it to
215 215 at 215 listen I'm gonna be super
excited to get it at 116 yeah they said
no donuts I asked him said no donuts
victory victory donuts right ready no we
do donuts this is her oh my god holy cow
I'm the artist of you I would love I
would love to be in the passenger seen
you driving yeah there's no ponds and
there's no ramps so we're good I'll give
it to you expertise you know you know
how to drive but if I'm in a passenger
we could do it in two super fun gone car
serious question serious questions and
these races are long right yeah so how
does the race forego the bathroom just
depends cuz I go to the bathroom a lot
they don't always have to okay sometimes
you just got to go and you just go where
will you be when diarrhea strikes good
luck
start her up that's probably the best
part of the sound
might be a little bit louder how you
feeling and we driving it I see where
the pee goes nasty when you have to go
the bathroom when you when you stop it
comes out the back I get it so we gotta
get suited up this is fireproof suit in
case I accidentally do something wrong
you know so safety first here on the
track safety first in the backyard so
I'm safety first we always plan to sleep
all right we're suited up Marcus Marcus
you're the driver that's right rock and
roll Hollywood star back he's doing like
160 on this track chase again jump in
here we are basically I'm getting the
chance to drive the car race this car
apparently you can we're doing basically
a little like he's gonna take me around
the track and show me the line that I
need to stay on and then it's go time
like it's all right we're gonna go
racing yeah it's gonna be all up to you
at that point I sound nervous no not
really
let's see if you get nervous once you
actually get yeah soon as I start and
you don't kill it it can you drive a
smoke for speed I think no these walls
are steep I didn't really feel steep
they were I'm like holding on this yep
so about midway through the corner and
Ryan will tell you to but you're gonna
get out of the gas uh-huh get back in
the gas you're gonna work your way again
I'm out here just making a nice smooth
arch in the front stretch of what we're
doing okay down here start/finish line
now you're gonna work your way back up
to the right same thing up here you're
gonna find cones three two one so three
and then when I hit two off the gas keep
going straight and about here you're
gonna start your turn and again run in
the middle groove just follow the black
line yeah keep it nice and simple what
does that do I can't hear anything what
you will in a minute there we go there's
no door handles oh jeez nice just get
your plug do you talk to Ryan Chuck nice
knowing you and I'm telling you um it
was it was a pleasure just anything you
wanted to give me messages he knows how
to drive it's recording I'm ready any
time you are alright clutch in
gears all the way up to the left and up
all the way left it out yep that's
reverse you got a push down for so don't
worry about okay so first yep second
straight back ready ready oh we get the
winning that up
second except the lack around
made up with movie right now
oh my yeah Roman I appreciate a man oh
shut up that car Stig's donor I can't
believe we hit and did you see any
speeds what we're in about we were
pretty close to ride speed we were about
6500 rpm watch our ride cars that's
where we get to so we're probably doing
about 160 whoo
yo that was one of the greatest things
I've ever done in my life I'm not even
kidding that is a rush that you can't
explain like I was just cracking up like
I couldn't even
he's like he's like tell he's laughing
cuz I'm laughing like I couldn't stop
laughing like 100 miles per hour on the
turn dude
that was insanity like it I was just
cracking up a probably looks so dumb
when that GoPro but I was having the
time of my life dude barf are one of the
greatest things best experiences I
appreciate you coming at me thank you
for that not fun man hazing see I can't
even make it up how freakin amazing that
is like I just look you've seen that a
million times
probably but to be in it and around it
and to hear it you know I don't know
buddy up you know you was like a natural
because I'm telling you like when you
was turning around they were they were
all talking they're from from meaning
the people from the pit crew everything
was like man he's really moving I felt
completely comin to you like I feel like
I could get in a race I would lose but I
feel like I could get in a race and just
do my thing but I feel like I was
comfortable enough that I was like I
need cars out here
listen to you you could definitely do it
I want it down in my mind if I who's
this who's this dude I reckon everybody
you know that what I was saying then the
time you know you wear out your tire the
time I change your tires
you know we'd definitely be the last
place after races oh that's all right
but it's okay though hey first you're
lost anyway
you wonder my blog John you want to my
blog for me John you don't do my blog
come on before I turn the camera on you
guys
that's how I sound we're out of here Pat
applause thank you now Scott we're
coming back we got to go eat and we're
going to do a crazy obstacle course a
look at this place this is inside the
track it's like its own thing going on
and you can just park your golf carts
over here like everybody in these camp I
want to come to you I want to do the
NASCAR experience like that like me and
the kids got our golf carts sitting over
there we're like alright let's head to
the track you get on your golf alright
who's around give me something give me
something yes give me something super
fun day and I'm gonna give you something
you've never heard before you're hungry
keep talking keep talking go this is
like the tunnel from Lightning McQueen
cars the bus leaves the tunnel so we're
headed into some scary little Valley
have you ever been to Chicago no this
guy's getting used to driving the whole
camp I don't even know where you can
totally just show up with them but the
vehicle everywhere we go what's your
story man I need to know more I don't
even know more about Stephen man I'm
just following you around you know with
the binoculars we're headed to Chicago
apparently has eight like yearly all
year round mud obstacle course
apparently you can you can like climb
and swing and get wet and muddy and
we're going to check that out right now
have you ever done anything like that
chase how did you get wait how did you
just switch seats
maintenance in Tibet oh not true
he actually got back there because I sat
in the back on the way through
I was like I didn't plug the restaurant
must not happen then dude if you're
gonna murder me just like I don't know
what this is uh gosh at night I mean if
I was gonna do a murder where we're at
guys right now this is really nice scar
Desmond so beautiful the weather's on
this ambulance following us around - is
this part of your thing it's really
weird when there's just two medics down
here chase let me put you in this tire
and roll you down this hill did you do
it yeah like a little hill not a big
deal sure as long as I don't fall out of
it no no look look how big that thing is
you put five of you love you and how
many spiders are in there no I'll clean
out the stairs probably some dead things
in there bro country country a kid might
need your assistance chases you'll get
in the time we can push him down the
hill well I'm gonna need help lifting it
do it cuz it's look how big it is it
looks small on camera but look how big
it can you lift that you know what we
gotta empty it out Oh God
are you serious yeah I'm gonna need some
men Mike Mike country I need everybody
all assistants all hands on deck all
hands on deck we got to get in this
wheel and go down that hill is he really
gonna get it yeah we got to lift it
don't clean it till the water
oh my god Spiner bro spiders as big as
my hand
you guys dude I'm not lying that's the
biggest fighter ever seen a person like
not a tarantula but a big big big big
big big spider bro
yeah that's pretty nasty it's huge oh it
looked at you chase is looking at you
dude dude dude Roman get back that's it
everybody's leaves
I don't shot where did you bring your
flamethrower dude that thing's that
thing like heaven oh he gets mail here
bad things I cuddle or a baby cuddle
right up with you you did one bite from
that thing dude now you're sending me
just you just inflate deflate like that
look at the Willy Wonka the purple girl
violet well I thought I thought the tire
idea was great I can't believe everyone
just ran like that let me see the spider
before those it's just a woman that's
the Argos spider oh so you gonna be
running like this is gonna jump on your
back up on my back the way that dog did
it you know you stay away from the Argo
so I'm gonna get some Chow I'm gonna get
changed in some short some old shoes
does it looks like we're gonna get
pretty nasty here good chance no
guarantees good chance is there any way
you can get down there and you can shoot
that thing you guys could you shoot it
or something like I need this tyre feel
bad but I'm gonna see how close I can
get to this thing for you guys it's
bigger
I'm not touch it at the camera
because I'm a camera dude guys I'm
looking at potentially something that I
would have at my house okay so you got
these towers right and they're different
sizes then you got these giant ropes
you're supposed to swing from the rope
land on the net by the way I'm really
high off the ground right now so this
looks what are you doing
you scare me you're the one running from
spiders yelling screaming swearing it's
back swing you gotta hit the net you got
to climb up the net and climb back down
my instead what's the matter what's the
matter you gonna be able to make it what
are we doing what we're gonna do some
swinging will you be swaying in just the
swing in you supposed to climb down the
net my goal is to actually jump off the
top of that net how tall you think that
is look at this guy look at this guy
hanging out just literally hanging out
to this place this kit you know there's
alligators in there alligators there's
crocodile there's piranhas there's you
know every man-eating machine inside
that water so that's the most dangerous
part about this so I'm totally kidding
there's nothing dangerous and there
could be snakes dude I guarantee there's
a snake in our country you know there's
snakes in there I don't care what
anybody says snakes fine bodies of water
that people don't touch you know I mean
you're not happy oh oh I don't like
hearing that Nate's in there well I'm
just assuming so far spiders the biggest
spider ever that was a big spider this
your favorite spot how do you even build
stuff like yes like how do you build
that this telephone poles sticking out
of the earth but if you look right down
there uh-huh
look straight ahead Oh ATVs No
I think there's two grills cool pick it
up it's a volleyball pick get it get and
you gotta pick something up today you
let us down with your pickup skills
oh my gosh there you go that is awesome
you ready tackle it are you ready ready
let's go this looks like something we do
actually need at the house living how we
tackle you in country uh-huh same race
same time oh geez there exercises at all
and a short I don't think that matters
when you what do you want to do which
one you're gonna be on the Oh there's
three there is three yeah get it oh man
it's so crazy nice look easy so this is
actually really cool because we've been
shooting a whole bunch today and this is
like a bunch of my crew for the big
project here and we're just getting to
have some fun which is not only great
for all of us but great for you guys cuz
we're about to get country to do this
swing let's go country are you nervous
and I'm always nervous what I'm going up
against you you don't go against me we
when you're a totally separate what you
want me to do you want me to stand on
that side and we're just gonna take the
dog we didn't get up and go country in
life we made a decision we see everybody
going across and they're hitting the net
and it's it's fun it's great but what if
we did one rope to people all right some
do you feel good about this I know
oh good oh this is gonna be great
what left or right is it looking it
looks looks amazing I definitely want to
see you guys landed 1 2 3 jump oh oh
it's so much weight on top of me when I
was trying to put my it was oh my god
country oh man I can't wait to see that
that's hard then you're the first time
adults good job buddy
you earned that one that was awesome
dude dude you earned it we got it we had
it we had it we were on there I know I
knew when I was swinging I was like you
need to save that baby hey save him save
that baby right on the rope so I
sacrificed myself to save that baby you
your foot saved your life I was like
this boy I talked to this way so when I
was falling back I was he and I locked
my so you did yeah I feel like we can't
not do this so there's this wipeout
challenge course over here country
soaked I'm still dry so I feel like it's
part of our job I got to stay dry you're
just gonna get more wet or you do it
that's that oh you'll just do it and
you'll be dry
well I know it's true is going in the
horse was in danger deep water no
lifeguard on duty look at this you can
swim you've gotten this is the only part
I'm worried about these barrels just
don't worry about it then you grab the
rope you got to go in and you're right
you have to go off the trampoline at the
end yeah if you feel like you got to
worry just don't okay that'll run easy
breezy lemon squeezy we got a run across
yep that thing spins that spins here's
here's the challenge here's the
challenge no stopping none we're gonna
start there and we gotta go all the way
across no brakes no stop in there and go
stop in there all the way okay
all right ready on three on three ready
one two three no stopping no stopping
Tomkins you know stuff he's not supposed
to stop no stopping at all yo bro you
got weight your starting weight on there
for real I guess let's go you be no need
for me
Oh cruelness would you eat a frog you
can swallow sea creature
I jumped in mouth open bad idea that was
worth the whole the whole day right
there country this is for those that
didn't make the course or did make the
course they make the course and didn't
heed you wipeout but if they want to do
there are a little donation and leave it
to the Hall of Fame or fame Oh Shane
might be I don't know man you killed it
today
Faora yeah we're gonna have our little
tree and hang them all out there it's
gonna be a big tree I think I should
donate them you're leaving your shoes
man you got to you leaving them you put
them right one on this one on here and
one on there those are nice shoes
because you're the champion boom
rest in peace rest in peace a little
barefoot boy
dude the big spiders here he's still
here
yikes you tried to put that thing's the
size of a football
look that's that's a cricket that's a
cricket that's the spider a cricket six
foot claw how are you good and wet
soaked and cold and but we got Stephen
Stephen how are you you look great
oh nice you're not driving Wow
hi Veronica hey say hi to your husband
hey baby also girl mmm that's Brittany
SATA bronica hey we uh we were wrapped
up for today or just kind of continuing
we gotta find some food and thanks for
calling
unless you wore alright guys just got
back check this out what I got today I
feel that it's like a thing you get
after you completed the track it's crazy
cool I don't really know if I deserve
this I don't know if I really finished
check when we shuttle a lot of fun stuff
there so I'm about to get the sherry get
cleaned up I'm still wet actually from
the travel crazy I'll be right back
and just like that shower time is done
guys I just want to thank you so much
for listening to me and yesterday's vlog
I looking back I'm like I don't even
remember what I said I was so just
speaking from my heart just just trying
to help you guys understand everything
that I'm doing right now and the reason
that I've been I've been slacking on the
vlogs and I'm just my focus is
everywhere I'm distracted by so many
things so it feels good today to kind of
be vlogging my style just rolling I'm
just filming like less vlog let me and
said we are gonna go find some dinner
right now I got I'm all shower but look
at this tan line guys can you like you
can see it look at that from my hat
how do you get rid of it I loved it
literally we're like something like this
reverse style to fade oh I seriously
guys if you watch yesterday's vlogging
you heard me out on all that thank you
so much like this I like to put out on
the Internet it's like so personal prey
I just feel like we should be like
Chicago pizza you can get you know no
keys in here 100% yeah but it's not like
everybody in the counts gonna say that's
not real Chicago pizza you gotta go to
blank dude you're in Chicago and you eat
pizza it's Chicago pizza so if I drink a
Red Bull in Chicago is it Chicago red
ball or is it the same Red Bull all the
hundreds of well they got complimentary
valet yeah 57 Corvette you know you know
I know that how cuz the license plate
says well that worked out really well
because number one they didn't even
happy
that number to mediate macros it's party
now I didn't realize it's Friday night
we didn't make reservations anyway town
you think you're just gonna show up
without reservations
you know what the lady said she said you
can check over by the bar for tables why
don't you go take a walk what I knew
that I was there oh I thought you were
there you let her speak to me like that
this is what I'm talking about Gaea
Donna's Gaea Donna Giordano's I wanna
say I'm sorry two stories up that's how
deep-dish they are dude seriously I
would watch out get now that's like
something out of Mario right there
it's gonna throw fireballs
guys coming back to the hotel that is
gonna wrap up our vlog for today thank
you so much for being here being a part
of the journey everything that we're
doing this giant mission this giant
project we are changing lives we're
doing it together and thanks for being
here for that we will see you tomorrow
we got a very fun day and then we were
flying out are we flying out tomorrow
I'm so confused right now we love you
guys thank you so much for everything
you already know thank you we'll see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
small one
you
