headed to the store yes today is the
official giveaway video a my my cameras
hooked my steering wheel I'll see what
I'm doing a giveaway today it's cool
give a word hey I'm doing a giveaway
today yeah headed into the store to get
first prize right now this is the this
is the big prize it's gonna be awesome
in some of the new phones they're
getting pretty big we'll check out the
new galaxy things uh you have to wear it
on a backpack now and your buddies can
use it while you walk around it's sweet
I love it
can I ask you something I'm gonna give
this away to a lucky fan you think they
like it
I would guess so yeah that's pretty cool
yeah we'll see
yeah this would be cool if I gave this
away to somebody like some lucky person
I'll be a little crazy I got the grand
prize in my hands right now
one lucky person alright guys so I know
today's not much of a vlog but it's not
about that I promised you a giveaway and
that's just what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
hook you up with some cool stuff and
it's probably gonna be the easiest thing
you've ever done if you're Robin soldier
if you're part of the army all you have
to do is send me a photo of yourself
holding a son it says I'm a Roman
soldier be creative be fun you can color
you can you can write in a marker
whatever you want to do but I'm going to
pick 50 of you 50 people is going to get
stickers and buttons that say smile more
rubbing out with pranks little care
package for you guys the top two are
getting some badass stuff number two
prize is these awesome session
headphones these things this is actually
what I edit with these are brand new
never been open they're wicked awesome
for one prize is getting the exact
camera I film every one of my vlogs with
it's brand new in the box the Canon 330s
330 HS so number one prize is a brand
new canon camera the same camera i vlog
with the second prize is some session
headphones all you have to do is send me
this photo to my email address because
not everybody has faced
 Twitter I want everybody be a
part of this so you have to send your
photo with your mailing address have a
blast do a cool photo you can put
multiple people and it could be just you
you can color and have fun with it I
just want it to be fun and what I'm
gonna do want to take every photo sent
to me and build a giant poster out of it
all the Roman soldiers I'm going to
build a giant poster and I'm going to
hand it here in my office boom right on
that wall so the Roman army will be
hanging in my room it's gonna be wicked
awesome I can't wait to see all the
photos guys have fun with his don't
forget to email it to me the email is at
the top of this video in the description
it's also at the end of this video email
it with your address please include the
address if you don't have the address I
can't send it I love you guys keep
smiling soldiers I'll see you tomorrow
add please above and beyond the email
please post them to my Facebook page as
well
I want everybody outside to see the army
growing and the photos flying so have
fun with this guys I love you keep those
smiling faces on you look great
