I'm telling you if you don't put your
seatbelt on they're gonna they're gonna
let you hear it you guys will tell us
there you go click here so we have to
run out and get a new washer bags aren't
just broke and boy getting out of the
house with kids is getting impossible no
nice see when I go in my film troops
brass take everything huh but when it's
me and her here we got to go out is hard
to leave the house the kids are like
once on my ankle ones on her ankle hi
guys what is your favorite candy ever
let me look at these aisles you have so
many choices you went to the gas station
right now and you had to pick one thing
what would it be
Oh Jers be am I going to cow tails oh
those are good I'm a sucker for Jolly
Ranchers like the hard ones the original
like hard Jolly Ranchers they give
really bad Pinker stores any complains
for like three days after whatever I
never complained about any for you get
honey some so I love the smell subway so
much oh I'm gonna make my own car and
sent for my Instagram you guys get the
witness it I brought everything I need
fishing a string a razor to make my own
cards so when Robin gets an Instagram
photo idea in his head you'll go to the
extreme do anything he has to do to get
that picture it's not even that extreme
you're rapping a sub in fishing line hey
you know what this is this is comedy
yeah almost done don't look I'll hang
this in the rearview mirror and we'll
have the smell of Subway in the car
everyday
it's brilliant every day fresh just
everybody's gonna do this whole point of
this is for an Instagram photo but I
figured I'd bring you guys on for the
journey
cuz that's why you come to this channel
is to watch my stupidity there we go
jump around let me turn the truck I like
the lighting I just I don't like the hey
you're not wearing your seatbelt I'm
gonna park you want ha ha ha I have my
on my mine on OK
see belt is on Romans ready okay no this
is precise you probably have to get out
of the car and move the seat back so you
get a far shot I'm gonna be outside the
car like this uh-huh
what so look oh yeah this photo in his
head is their dumb
you guys better like this photo Oh in so
much effort all right cool so here we
are looking for Washington tire and
Britney wants a new table no I want a
table yeah we don't have a table Oh last
year on the trash so I want the leg was
loose
oh hey was coming on so it comes with
this bench and Brittany can't come up
with any ideas to do with a bench if we
didn't have a table and I came up with a
lot of things her face always gets read
on camera when you talk about stuff like
that
you know benches and stuff I love
benches dude my legs will be hanging off
that so bad
nobody can fit on that gotta be happy we
got the table we need a table though I
mean the kids can only eat on the floor
for so long before I start feeling like
it's not for some quick lunch at BW 3s
Brittany usually it's really healthy so
this is really
sorry you got a cheat sometimes you got
to cheat me on the other hand I eat like
yeah no no worse than the kids
I'm the kid I am the kid of the family
thanks man
see how we got lemonade on this kid the
kid of the group I like spicy garlic
it's my favorite thing in it every time
bread always gets the honey barbecue
right she got the kids menu good meal
I'm so full
hey too much as kids meals really get to
you after a while we got our washer we
got our washer you can buy cable so we
can finally finally stop
step in so my brother Dale is crafted up
a zip line for the kids and before it
gets dark I'm gonna try it out
it was awesome you going on the zipline
yes come on you can get on there no
it'll break pain in the back you're on
loan crazy
that's hurricane fun Cain's got binky
power that is wrap it up another day we
are tired
kids are sleep so that means board games
possibly be flights aboard yes maybe I
don't know
got some hours alone with Brit today
which was great you'll be surprised I
know that sounds silly once you have
kids and stuff like that it is so hard
to get even a little time together so
it's awesome even if it's out just
goofing off and take a ridiculous
Instagram you guys got to see my photo
it's so dumb check it out if you can if
not you're not missing much I'm also
going to start trying to schedule these
vlogs at the same time each day so you
guys can get on a scale you know what
I'm uploading that's what it's going to
be instead of these random uploads I
came to keep track we hit we hit today's
vlog twelve and we broke 50,000
subscribers which is awesome incredible
huge eye are you kidding me that's
that's epic I say that's a growing army
that's a big army 50,000 big things
coming guys big things coming on the
main channel I can't wait to share them
with you I'll share them with you as the
days go kind of been nice being at home
right now but all for basically since I
started vars crazy cuz before that
traveling everywhere all over the world
the country it's been not
so it's been great being home but at the
same time big things are coming I can't
wait to share with you obviously this
will be the first place that anybody
knows anything about the main channel so
you guys be number one I love you guys
keep that smile on your face you guys
look awesome and that's how you start a
fire all you need the sparkler one
little sparkler
