sup guys where we goin soos hey hold on
we gotta go to the vet go to get your
eyes checked out he's been on eye
medication for two weeks he's like going
blonde he's only 3 years old he's got
some rare disease I guess it's pretty
common in German Shepherds but
I don't know he's seeing great now the
eye drops have been working so hopefully
the vet says that it's healing up see
what happened so Polly or God he's so
nervous it's like all the doctors were
her kids
sucks Lucy look at me so mad at me for
brain America well that did not go as
good as Zeus and I wanted it to go he
was diagnosed with a disease called
penis penis penis
I've got treatment that I have to give
him twice a day for the rest of his life
and that's that's at best that's if the
treatment works otherwise it's blindness
which is absolutely terrible terrible
news need prayers for my dog Zeus you
wanna go get a popsicle
now I jump in my car and I got to go get
Noah from school he is in third third
grade this year which is impossible to
me
means I'm getting so old I'm old guys
I'm not even fun to be around anymore so
I'm past that age you guys guess how old
I am yet I think it's the only thing I
haven't told you guys is how old I am I
like the mystery you guys don't know
some of you have I've said it some
somewhere Miller
anyways we want to pick Noah up we're
gonna hang out just kind of like a
family day I guess I got no filming I
just got some editing to do longs for
you guys other than that it's just gonna
be a fun hang out there
how about school good you get in trouble
better not get in trouble I love that a
total change whites only I'm allowed to
get in trouble right these won't walk
around your underwear you guys
destroying all the peaches what eat them
if we could if we wanted you would eat
them if you wanted I've I said they come
it's coming I'll show these are peaches
no one hears this hey before sit let's
see if we can catch this peach from all
about here stay nailed it
that's pretty good I usually can only
catch peaches from half that distance
hey why don't we go uh why don't we show
everybody the rope swing this is one of
the highlights of our house right here
awesome
can you wanna go get some shorts on
no they silly and your just your undies
I would love to be that because lives
yeah you like that your battery's dead
ready for fire what do you got
marshmallows and chocolate and graham
crackers mommy get you that stuff this
is what makes a great fire best family
things here is a bonfire we get our fire
ready our stuff did you drop it
we'll just pick it up well there's the
creepy kid that is in the corner but I
bazoo just wants this so bad
when out fast he could eat that bad Kane
what else I brought sparklers you know
like these are the world's strongest
sparklers yep
and this how you start a fire all you
need the sparkler one little sparkler
and a lot of gasps oh my gosh are you
okay whoa
sparklers how's your mouth better how's
your teeth healing up it's better I'm
still swollen okay ah all he might grab
on to it let me see this is the official
roasted marshmallow crew they're in
charge it's a hot yet cane is it good oh
my gosh she's curvy elastic oh I like
Hello that's right
Noah thinks Romans gonna die if he jumps
over the fire
let's just see what happens this is
watching I was pretty close
uh I died I died in midair what's your
favorite thing about your dad he's funny
he's funny a lot of people like it i
rattle do you like him no you love him
okay look so small like that so kids are
gonna pass out really the night oh yeah
ha ha do we get to play board game or
some for gays monopoly I want monopoly
you have not like Morgan
you have not let's go cheap ugly forever
why don't you pleasure honey mm okay
well we are wrapping up the night
Brittany are gonna play some board games
for sure some really good board games
it's all over my lens I can't thank you
enough for all the comments you've been
leaving the family actually is we've all
been we read every single comment you
guys leave and after reading a lot of
the comments I find out that you guys
are 10 times funnier than I am you guys
should have your own YouTube channel
during this stuff is the comments are
hilarious you guys are awesome like my
whole family will sit there and read
through every video able to sit read
them all so it's a lot of fun for us
also thanks for all the logos you guys
said ton of logos I haven't even got
through probably half of me I'm still
scanning through trying to find them all
and I'm probably going to end up making
a collage of all of them and posting
those up on like my Facebook and
Instagram stuff so if you sent me one
and you can still send me one the Roman
soldier logo we're trying to come up
with I'm probably going to post like a
big giant poster of all of them and then
maybe you guys can pick which one I'll
number all of them so so I want it to be
like a team thing between you and I want
to
be the whole army is gonna pick the logo
not just me
that won't be that fun alright that's it
for today guys new vlog tomorrow
soldier's keep smile on your face
love you pranksters pranksters what you
gonna do what you gonna do when they
prank on you whatever HAP tsin other--
film day we filmed all day kicked out of
three libraries and a computer
