hi guys here we go welcome to the vlog I
love love you so much I shouldn't leave
I really am and that mindset right now
where I just shouldn't leave I hate
thinking like that amazing hmm girl okay
yeah you should just change your name to
game
forget about Kane I love you captain
captain game it's it's game at what now
it's a game at would forget how I came I
love you so much boy okay you'd be great
for mommy you gonna be good you planned
it if I get one bad report I get to
tickle you for life it goes for you too
messy you can be good for mommy okay
daddy loves you more than anything in
this world I gotta get going don't
forget I love you more than anything in
this world I love you more than anything
in this world
nitro I love you too buddy
don't you dare jumping I know look he's
like can I make it can I make the job by
tux look how big these guys are getting
where are you going camera shy there we
go we're sound in the world you guys
ready
watch out mommy oh you think I'm leaving
this thing about you huh what you want
to say say something my man I'll be back
soon okay I love you guys man so much to
leave behind I'll see you soon
stop the hex my garage opener chase yo
we got to go
we're super late wake up wake up forgot
your hat
hey man you take care of my baby while
I'm gone all right be good to her she's
a good girl
the countries showing up here with fuel
right here you get me believe that
that's how you know it's ready fresh
that right there see the two things
number one is gonna hurt you really bad
right for a flower number two it's gonna
settle just right but then we get off
the plane is gonna hurt you boom
that dog just took a poop on the luggage
carrier just straight-up took a poop
looking for my bag looking for my bag
you serve okay somebody needs to get
this guy security security Steven Steven
how'd you get to Chicago nice to see you
welcome to Chicago guys we just landed
here and you guys know how to have an
air guitar like you can play air guitar
yeah how about air BMX check out in my
my halfpipe here see what you got
yeah
see that backflip
so all the first things I notice is hot
in Chicago it's so hot this girl stayed
in the back of her car and so she
literally cooked herself he's seeing
this poor thing ain't even roll the
window down for her
I'm gonna get you some water by far the
biggest horse I've ever a rocking horse
I've ever seen it's just sitting back in
like this old like stuff you gonna get
up here you know I don't think you slime
that hi big dog get up there all of us
had a boy that's a book get up on that
pony
get up you got to make it rock you got
to put up you got to make it rock Jay
boy his new bike the city is crazy I
can't believe how much of these around
you drive through bridges
yo Chicago
okay guys we are going to try something
that I've just almost never do I can't
think of a time that I've come on here
and kind of spoke to you about some
problems that I'm having I use my vlogs
you know I use my vlogs I use my vlogs
for positivity I push you guys I like to
when you watch these vlogs I'd like you
to leave maybe a hair more motivated
more happy just I like my vlogs to pick
you up and I use my vlogs for good I try
to push you in and just create
positivity and I just feel like real
problems that I'm a normal person we all
have problems and I do eye problems all
the time and I just choose not to share
them in the vlogs because it will I
choose not to show them because I I
don't want to bring the mood of the
channel I don't want to bring the mood
of the videos down so I'm gonna just
speak from my heart right now and kind
of explain to you what is going on why
I'm in the position I'm in right now
which is I'm in Chicago I don't have a
vlog I'm working on this big project I'm
so stressed that I don't even sleep at
night I this this project guys is when
you see it you're gonna see nothing but
the great you're gonna use wow I can't
believe that Roman did this it's all
huge it's all right but the stress
behind it and in that the fight behind
it and that just the the it's it's
absolutely I can hardly explain it it's
one of the most stressful things I've
ever done and it's very difficult I
don't even feel like it's my project
like it's been taken over by so many
people and I just wanna I kind of just
want to spit ball with you guys and if
this is so boring you can turn it off
right now but I need I need you to hear
this so that you understand where I'm at
right now when I started the project it
was it was your product Romans project
your project your this is yours you're
gonna do what you want and then I signed
to do this project and it instantly just
became their project and it is it's just
it's eating me alive and I'm trying to
balance it with the vlogs and I see the
channel dropping I'm sacrificing my
channel for this project in the project
that it's not all bad I mean what we're
doing for these families these kids is
absolutely amazing
and I'm proud of it I'm so proud of it
but to get to these moments is so hard
guys and I don't want to sound like I'm
complaining I don't want to bring the
mood down but this is where I'm at right
now I'm struggling to vlog because of
this project I'm struggling on the
project overall I have to leave my
family which is just terrible but I mean
that's a job and there's a million jobs
where you have to leave your family I
that that's that's not an excuse but it
you know at this point
it sucks leaving my family I hate it I
know you guys hate when I'm not with the
family it's just where I'm at right now
and I just want to try to just speak to
you guys about this like I don't come on
to my vlog ever and just kind of vent
where I'm at in life like Brittany and I
just had a long phone call about how
excited we are to just vlog again just
us us not I'm not kidding I have a
person that walks up to me and says you
can't put that in the vlog and that eats
me away because there's so much of me
that's like I honestly want to be like
well screw you I'm putting in the blog
but at the same time I have to protect
the project that I signed up for and it
just is beating me up
it literally is beating up it's such a
nightmare right now so I asked for
forgiveness on mic my energy on the
vlogs my lack of vlogs I've been
skipping days I'm so I hate even bring I
hate even talking I'll be surprised if I
actually even upload this as I'm
speaking right now I'm thinking there's
no way that I'm gonna upload this I just
sound like such a baby and I don't know
what else to do I have just a couple
more weeks and I'm done I'm done with it
completely and I'll be able to focus
back on this until then I'm just
struggling mentally trying to sleep like
it's just it's been rough guys so thanks
for being here if you're watching right
now you watch everything so thank you
for that I could go on I feel like I
could talk to you guys for hours about
this but I don't want to get too deep
into it I don't want to I don't want to
make it sound worse than it actually is
is you know it's bad but
it's a couple more weeks we're gonna get
through it and then the vlogs and me
back to normal back at home back with
family and I promise you that I've
learned such a huge lesson with this
project like I know where I know where
my lane is and I know where I need to
stay so thank you guys so much I don't
even know what this is kind of
embarrassed actually about it so be easy
on me or you can yeah you can do
whatever you want I love you guys I love
you you are the single reason I have
everything that I have and I want to
make all this up to you guys it drives
me nuts I cannot stand it I literally
don't sleep I stress out some bad about
the stuff so that's it I'm gonna leave
it at that
just know that I'm doing my best to do
the project which at the end of the day
I want to be so proud and happy to show
you guys and I want to know that you're
gonna love it and then I got my daily
vlogs which is so important like the
daily vlogs are so important so when I
don't blog I promise you that I'm like
pulling my few gray hairs that I have
out like I'm freaking out so thank you
guys for being here this is a lot to put
out on the internet so be easy on me big
announcements on the disturb destruction
derby demolition derby we are about to
launch well I don't want to get into it
but that's coming super soon we're about
to announce the city and the date so
that's huge and um wow it is gonna be
huge I cannot wait so looking forward to
that thank you so so much I promise you
and I want to be with my family a
thousand times more than you want me to
be with my family so just know when you
send the comments of like how could you
leave your family trust me I don't want
to okay it's just it's my job right now
I signed up for it I got to finish my
job do what I got to do so I can do what
I want to do I love you guys so much
thank you please hit the like button if
you can't I know this video is gonna be
like this on the the scale of how good
my videos are I love you I love you keep
the spirits up let's stay positive just
know that I don't share these things so
that you guys stay positive not because
I don't actually have problems
going on in my life I do just like you
just like the guy you met today like
there's always problems with everybody I
love you you are beautiful you are one
of a kind smile more
you
