good morning guys I just woke up let the
dog out
so did you like yesterday's prank the
the second attempt ranked it went over
well the cops don't hurt anything
perfect don't need to hear anything I
might I might have broken wall maybe
they'll see they're gonna check today's
just gonna be a family fun day I'm gonna
take the kids I'm gonna take the family
on and have some fun you guys ready to
have some fun yeah I was terrible
you guys ready have some fun yeah I like
it yeah some real fun today going on an
adventure big adventure brain a brain he
drove an hour for the rain yes still
want to go since its rainin yeah yeah
who cares about a little rain go get wet
yeah your name where'd you even come
from I'm the creepy kid that's in the
corner
Owen we think this can this is a part of
old man's cave actually it's Cedar Falls
Cedar Falls is that from the movie up is
that what the voices call what is that
called in and up Cedar Falls its Cedar
Falls no I don't know I can't remember
this is cool I'll jump to me
how's that rain feel it's gonna cold
what you think boy will you see all the
water this place is awesome
Oh jump to Daddy
whoa like a fall yeah where did he go we
gotta go find him let's go this way
come on run oh I absolutely love it
adventuring rocks cliffs woods jungle
bats river places awesome actually it's
probably Creek it's probably a creek do
you know what makes a river a river at
least a hundred miles long to make it a
river right I'm an idiot I flunk through
school I have no idea this is how we get
down super terrain
if I do not if I didn't have these boots
how he done gained would be done we'd be
done dude he's gonna be awesome huh
don't you come out here what if that
thing Falls these fell like on greasy
looks fine
this place is pretty awesome so it turns
out that bringing a kid that's not even
two years old it's harder than I thought
it would be ah hang on they are racing
racing oh no it's a shortcut huh how
many miles do we want what was my guess
too
let's go say that or that so tonight is
my best buddy's son's birthday which is
also in the family and we just dropped
Noah off he's going to a wrestling match
tonight with my dad
Cain always likes to put his hands in
the pool always how's it feel can feel
good so I'm at UH Britt's parents house
they're out of town there's no kids here
perfect time to grill some chicken these
little guys he's like chicken fingers so
since there's nobody here at this house
what do you want to do upper inner thigh
now the iron this is like an
ocean-themed goes all the way up to the
Sharks at the top of the world
he's got space planets up here
that's just the ocean here's all the way
around and then I have the Statue of
Liberty yummy sweets to date her and I
back in a day so let me start working
out yeah I mean do you even lift it the
only kid I know that will eat green
beans right out of the can like coal how
you do that no yeah yeah are they good
yeah to flex your muscles yeah pain pay
attention to the road watch the road
yeah we are gonna get your license if
you're not watching cane you drove all
the way here do give me five don't see
Brittany jump on the trampoline one you
can do it
oh my gosh show mommy how to jump she
don't know how baby I got you a present
yeah just some nice wrapping Oh
as the present we got Colin cane what is
that is that what is that poo oh that's
a terrible present brandy and you watch
the end of my videos for you I want to
do a cool giveaway like something cool
I've given away GoPros and iPads and HD
glasses and stuff like that what is
something I can give you you guys the
ones that watch the video to the end
I'll do the giveaway at the end this
channel is not even a week old and you
guys are here so I wanna do something
now to do a giveaway like now tomorrow
the next day tell me in the comments
what you think I should give away that's
it for today guys if you didn't see
yesterday's prank check it out please
like it and share it it's a really fun
video we had a blast making it other
than that new vlog tomorrow thanks for
watching today's vlog smile more talkie
before yeah let me would you guys play
because we got called in as a ring so
that's making false report somebody else
that's there for ya it's not funny for
us we get called as a round ogress yeah
