we had to uh fight it fishing string
what can we be doing petting fishing
string dinner when I go camping here
yeah camping and fishing camping in the
city what would you do with a tent and
fishing string what would I do
I don't think I do anything cuz I don't
like to fish we go ahead like oh we've
got some tricks up our sleeve that's for
sure I headed downtown today we haven't
filmed at home my home town Columbus
Ohio for months and months and now we've
done two videos in a row which has been
awesome filming where we're from and
where we live in areas we know it's way
easier so today we're getting a tent
we're going to set it up in random
places and we're gonna have a big
speaker in it the sounds like people
having sex
Dennis and I one of us will be in the
tent kind of romping around and
hopefully the people that walked by are
gonna you know what would you do what
would you do it but there was a tent in
the middle of town the middle of the
city and you walk by and it's it's
moving and romping and the sounds of sex
coming out of this tent what would you
say this is where we film this is where
we started our pranks right here this is
called the oval this place in the summer
is packed packed full of people people
playing frisbee girls laying out you
name it they're here and this is where
we started all our pranking Billy's our
tent guy but the shit together whenever
we need shit put together Billy Billy
home sorry
the official shit put together my title
you have to go to school for it our
speaker we have fishing string tied to
the tent
it was going get bigger but I don't know
they might want to smash me in that
motherfucker what's up
shoot you want to get in that day no hey
hey
we've talked to you before yeah let me
would you guys play because we got
called in as a rape so that's making a
false report somebody else that's there
for yeah it's not funny for us we get
called as a round ogress yeah we stop my
quarter me obviously to my sister's for
my safety
let me see some ID that's at school I
don't have any idea yes why I don't I
really left this car that's in the car
you know who I mean you seen me before
it was for like being funny like a joke
yeah of course
well let me hear some me see if it's
funny but you're not gonna laugh at
anything I do right now maybe on TV you
would laugh I think we had just take it
introducing pan be inducing panic yeah
how's that inducing panic is no it's not
was there any crime committed
yeah there might be once we talk to
prosecutor's office or send it up
because this is that just was gonna
happen the prosecutors may say yes and
we say no I don't know do but settle it
from our point of view to we're not
trying to cause any at all you're
pointing to used to make a comedy TV
show right yeah okay that you like
comedy you can see the quality he just
goes to the prosecutor judge wit you
tell it to a judge where they going to
say cirrage you like comedies or get
trying to add several judges though
that's how I don't work out perfect
that's exactly what the judge said yeah
doesn't if you look at it here's what
the judge said they're performing art
that were detected by the cops know
someone's gonna say well yeah that's
what I'm actually making on your fear I
don't know it is a form of R is constant
protected by the Constitution can't
I'm not subjectively I was like eat here
you want to you want me to hear it
that's fine I'm no problem with you here
yeah the MS here damn mean maybe I got I
got foot I got 100 people laughing at it
you know it's a it sounds like she's
enjoying us
it's done it's the good stuff guys you
know what it sounds like
unfortunately we've been told to leave
it's like an idiot oh there's Lane a
girl called
this lady calls this lady calls up
saying that someone's being raped raped
and clearly she is doesn't know what
that sound sounds like in a tent in the
middle of a part
it sounds very enjoyable when you listen
to it you're gonna be like wow I think
she's enjoying it
obviously that lady has no idea what
that sound sounds like ever made that
sound I'm pretty sure this lady just
needs to get some cop great video we had
cops come security calm and there's
nothing we can do everything we're doing
is legal it's so good but these people
called and said someone was being aiming
to get into it but cops we pissed
unfortunately I like pissing off the
cops but
what can you do man you know what can
you do so I'm off to go home
hang out with the fam and uh that's
about it for now what a day what a day
it was fun we had a great day it was
quick
other than the cops happened to come
which unfortunately they did have to
come some lady called and said there was
somebody being raped absolutely
ridiculous you always have that person
that has to come and mess with what
you're doing even if you're doing
something innocent somebody's going to
complain about it and for the most part
everybody left everybody left it was
really fun it was it was it is innocent
prank you know but whatever you're gonna
have that hopefully the cops forgive us
and see the comedy in it if not whatever
we didn't do anything wrong so I'm not
too worried about it guys that's really
all I got for you today
um the prank is up it's live right now
on my main channel check it out I'll put
a link right after this watch it like it
share it with some friends make them
laugh I'll see you guys tomorrow new
vlog tomorrow smile more
