how hard was that to get open hard we
brought the camera but we left the SD
card at home so we just stuffed the best
bar I just stopped at the store to get a
new one and no it was determined to get
it open this things are terrible to open
man where we going today yeah we're
gonna the RC shot a lot of people don't
know this about me but I love RC cars
your favorite one this thing it will do
a hundred miles per hour hundred miles
per hour dude I want to just take it
full speed into a wall so what do we
decide on that one things you so have
fun with that what to put the yeah let's
put the GoPro on the the top make the
dog chases the puddle era small we gotta
get you some school shoes those shoes
cuz yours are looking pretty rough boy
you've had them for a while I know I
know daddy only buys you new shoes when
I'm rolling the dice success we got some
new kicks
wearing them out of the store and
everything almost match mine gray and
white black and white all right we were
starving so we just got Harvey's look at
this freaking roast beef
my stomach was talking for me on this
one we got our new truck today
Kenny excited are you excited yeah we're
gonna make Zeus chase it so here's the
plan we got the new RC truck we're gonna
mount a GoPro to the truck facing
backwards and we're gonna try to get
some awesome shots of Zeus chasing it
you think Zeus will chase it yeah me too
while the go priority came off see ya
try this again just chased it quick Zeus
is chasing this thing like crazy just
you gonna get it you gonna get it yeah
what do you think is this chasing that
oh I think I need and let's get it get
the car get it get it get it
while the RC truck has been a big hit
today big hit at the atwood family a
dad's house my mom and dad is his 54th
birthday happy birthday mom it's funny I
got him the actual camera I'm holding in
my hand yeah he did
it's the Canon 330 HS by the way because
everybody's gonna ask what cam reblog
with 330 HS Romans all ready for winter
you think of this I'll get someone to
make you guys think of this guess who
made this coat from scratch Papa Bear my
papa he says coats man this thing's
awesome it's true I mean I could I could
sleep under that bridge you were talking
about now I know when you tube goes down
I'll be under that bridge with this coat
so what do you think of our new pool
annealing ground pool that we got spring
I says kids swimming just everyday it's
nice that we finally we have a a puddle
that we done with spoons back to the
song gonna show you guys real quick what
happened today no one I took his car on
to get it fixed and Kane got a hold of
controller and held the trigger down and
it melted the motor man it was pinned it
was pinned up against the porch
the car was pinned up against the porch
and Kane just held the trigger I wasn't
there no I said he just held the trigger
and smoke started rolling out basically
melted the back end and burnt the motor
completely up it sounds terrible so
buddy
looks like we got to go back and get
your car fixed that's all I got for you
guys today if you got questions hit me
in the comments I'm gonna sit on here
and respond to a bunch of questions for
you guys want to be I want to be really
personal with you guys if you got
something keep it clean come on keep it
clean guys this is this is this is
family stuff so if you got some
questions hit me up I'm gonna I'm gonna
try to respond to him I don't get to
y'all get to you next time so let's talk
keep a smile on your face smile more
guys I'll talk to you soon
okay mommy's turn five I want to bite
