and it's almost up I think the people
like it no I don't think they will here
sup guys good morning I'm uploading the
new prank in the vlog right now as we
speak
37 37 just uploaded this vlog and prank
and now he's banking breakfast oh whoa
you are way too big to binky's boy look
at you is that your cheese face hey
what's up guys we are at a place called
Easton this is like a shopping center
here in Columbus I got to get my laptop
fixed my frigging this is what I mainly
edit with actually and there's pixels
glowing all over my screen that's
probably gay porn we want to get some
ice cream
don't we want some ice cream thumbs up I
guess
thumbs up all the way up how hard is it
for daddy to take a bite
okay mommy's turn in here I want to bite
is that good chocolate face car cane
looks like a up feed-through DiNozzo red
and bloody throws my fist is really buff
think this is the cutest little thing
I've seen all day
cane jump
jump
what's your favorite story sin never
store yeah they're a place to get to
probably Claire's they got all the One
Direction here oh you're recording don't
record it sit stay
come that's a good boy my cane look at
me
say cheese he's I he's doing some stump
removal out back should be done a few
hours I'll see you out there buddy
this is how you really get a fire going
Oh mister that's my brother Dale right
there way to go now alright guys so how
many of you actually know that my main
channel the roman atwood prank channel
how many of you know that that actually
started as a sketch channel in fact my
last prank that i uploaded just gave me
one more prank than sketches on my
channel so i have eighty sketches eighty
one price on my channel that is insane
it took us a long time to figure out
that we were much better at pranks
that's for sure the channel started with
sketches we did sketches every week
every tuesday want to upload a new
sketch and uh i'll just show you one
check out the sketch this is what we
used to do on the roman atwood channel
best party there's soap in the backyard
i told you it's too early to start
drinking Barton been drinking tomorrow
alright alright let's just go see what
the little baby's crying about it's
right there look look like it right
there
I mean what is that annealing Raman
I'm more scared than Rosie O'Donnell's
panties maybe they come in peace while
they're leaving in patience I think
you're gone ah see how the hell Oh buddy
buddy we were young there's tons of
water outside it's go right outside
 man what do you mean
insufficient mud what kind of mud are
you looking for no you don't have to do
this
take his mud puddle
we will find your mother humans should
be so just like that every Tuesday we
would upload a sketch like that and you
know we started doing pranks and
everybody said stop doing sketches you
suck at sketches so we did I started
just focusing on pranks and now you have
the Roman Atwood prank channel instead
of the sketch channel but it's come a
long way it took us a year and a half to
get 40,000 subscribers and then in the
next year and a half we gained 1.3
million subscribers something like that
what are you doing just get up here
gonna burn ha ha there you go anyway so
that's today's vlog I know it's super
short I'm gonna try really hard to start
making these longer I'm just not that
good at it yeah I don't know when to
pull the cam out when I'm supposed to
pull the cab out you know but hopefully
the malls will be longer I'm gonna try
to vlog a lot more stuff and what do you
guys want to see more of what do you
want to see more of prank stuff only
family stuff me taking poo poos I don't
know it's up to you guys let me know
what you want small more guys I love you
keep smile on your face see ya has met I
was pretty successful day right there
how's fun super fun
whoa whoa
