guys I'm off to Dennis's house we are
putting together an awesome prank today
and it should go up on the main channel
tomorrow actually
let's have you watch this it's probably
up so it's not painted yet but this is
the Beehive we're right here we're gonna
put it up in trees and knock it out in
front of people and chase them with it
and we're gonna have a speaker inside
here that sounds like a bunch of
pissed-off beasts I can't wait to do
this I think it'd look much better once
it's painted that's for sure just here
to surprise my mom at work
it's your son we are making our own
beekeeper suits since nobody in Columbus
sells beekeeper suits and there's out
painters here we're gonna paint this hat
white I'm gonna put some screen door
around it no no to make the mask and
luckily our mom's here she's gonna pay
for it everything which is a huge help
for us time like this we're struggling
for Mom this is our makeshift beekeeper
hat well we had the stream from the
store and I will just be the hot glue it
glue gun this is our homemade soup by
the end of the day man we got speaker in
it so it's really noisy you always start
up pranks on hi-oh State campus it's
usually a good way to find out if the
pranks good and then if it's working
there we know it'll work in the hood yes
that's where we really like to go
there's just something about black
people that give the best reactions ever
a lot of people say are you racist
because you film I know I can film 100
white people and get nothing I can film
one beautiful black woman and she will
give me the best reaction I've ever had
if you've seen my farting in the hood
come on now with the you sitting up here
pardon for mother back um you can't get
the go are you trying to be my best man
go over there you have because you like
isn't a mother it's just an amazing
difference between white white reactions
and black reactions that we just wrapped
on a one day prank usually it takes us
multiple days it's my suit my hazmat
that's pretty successful day right there
house fun super fun
whoa
go home and all I want to do is edit
because I'm like two and a half weeks
behind on pranks you guys are probably
gonna kill me and my dog Zeus was nice
enough to put trash all Zeus hey come
here we got to talk man come here sit
sit
yeah did you fall into the trash can let
me see dude put them on the kitty let's
get them
got you just see you guys know this is
this is what I do I'm sitting here
trying to get this video done for you
guys but I'm also pumping up balloons
you got a game
this is the life of a family man
prankster
all right guys real quick I promise
yesterday I would go over the equipment
I use because that is one of the most
common questions like you this is my
main prank camera this is a Sony in x70
it's definitely my favorite little
handheld camera it's rain proof and dust
proof sand proof so it's awesome when it
starts sprinkling you don't have to
worry about it and then these are these
are how I get the long distance shots
when I'm really far away and you can
still hear the audio really well it's
the Sennheiser SK 100 package and it
comes comes together like that and then
I have obviously just the SLR mark 3 for
like the yawning around the world bright
that's the camera I use anything that I
want to be a little more somatic
cinematic that's the one I use it just
has an awesome focal ability where
regular handheld cameras don't do that
without a prime lens and obviously you
don't need the camera this level to make
products we used to make prints with
cameras way worse than that would you
shoot huh
this is always trying it on it what what
what what that's today's vlog guys
thanks so much for watching I was really
nervous to upload yesterday but you guys
took it so easy on me it was my first
vlog and you guys seem to like it so I'm
gonna keep these rolling as usual I'm on
Instagram hit me on Instagram that's my
favorite and smile more so I gonna do
you smile on your face
see you guys
okay let's try
