what so far from Atwood always making
fun of me huh
that's my boy Noah we are headed up to
meet Dennis and Kevin to talk about this
week's pranks cuz we are way behind on
pranks we're gonna bang them out I have
two of them for you this week awesome
are you saying let the pranks on either
Dennis and Kevin and we are out of go
down called champs this is like you've
seen it before it's like our go-to place
man it's because it's only kids meals so
you usually get the the mac and cheese
where they cut up hot dogs right it's
like your baby every time every time huh
woman loves the sampler everything all
the grease is slide around me as food
that's not on the kids menu
you get corndogs dude yeah this is what
I get every time I come here would you
get I didn't ah my the waitress doesn't
like me as much as she likes you no now
listen if you if you don't film pranks
for your dad does does he beat you
pretty severely no no it's it's okay you
can you can tell me I'm an adult since
the last that we're gonna see keV track
to LA man back to LA for me I've been
living out of my suitcase for a month
I'm ready to go home we are home you
guys remember Kade cane was in my
yawning video the one around the world
the most contagious video ever say hi
cane something that I used to do when I
was a kid I'm gonna show these guys what
to do with it all you need is an old
bike this is one of my old their bikes
and two towels to towels and some tape
you got to put a towel on the front and
then a towel on the back what they do
the back Oh Jane wants to try you ready
to try
it was so high half blank so good it's
pretty yummy it's my girl Britt we've
been together almost five years she's
put up with a lot before I even had a
youtube channel she was with me let me
just tell you first date out he took me
out and his work van with her the whole
time to the restaurant the back cage was
wrapped that's true I had a work van
that I picked her up Anna
I wasn't even nervous about that it's
pretty funny now so this is where this
is where I edit my price this is where
the magic happens this is my very messy
just pieces of equipment and hobbies and
editing dog substitute zoo hey baby hey
baby probably the most common question I
get is what kind of mics do you use for
your pranks how do you go so far away
and get that perfect audio so tomorrow I
will go over that will cover the mics
I'll cover the cameras I use the editing
software all that good stuff because I
know that that is like I get a lot of
emails that's probably the most common
email I get is the equipment you use so
I'll go over that tomorrow and Lucy blue
who are you so sleepy you get my floor
all dirty
it's all dirty that's all dirty all
right guys thank you so much for
watching this is a brand new channel I'm
pretty nervous about it I'm not used to
doing vlogs especially solo Dennis and I
do a lot of stuff together on videos and
this is just something I want to do on
my own but I want to talk to you guys if
you got any questions for me hit me in
the comments I want this to be very
personal you guys can talk to me I talk
back stuff like that it'll be a lot of
fun I think what you guys is favorite
social network right now I honestly
can't decide what I want to push
everybody says Twitter but I'm just not
that big on Twitter I don't like Twitter
that much Instagram is my favorite
social platform right now if you have
Instagram add me on Instagram say what's
up I want to
you guys on Instagram is that is my
favorite platform right now so say
what's up let's talk and do you look so
sad what's the matter what's the matter
baby talk to me talk to me baby all
right guys smile more that is my motto I
want you to do it keep smiling
big prank in two days on the main
channel I cannot wait to put it up we've
been like two weeks without a prime so
see you guys soon
