you ready you ready he's ready you ready
let's do it - the blurry old camera hope
you guys are doing good we're starting
light snow last night look I left her
out snow it looks good like that though
everybody buckle up get ready let's
crank the heat up it's so cold ready do
this mommy are you ready to go it's
always a feet get it looks always on
camera so simple but it's quite the feat
getting out of the house but it looks
like we got everybody we're good to go
let's pull out of this house today is um
it's been a day that we've had in the
works for it seems like forever now it's
a big family day I mean like big family
day brothers moms kids
Britney side of the family we're all
going to and it's hard to get us all
together all at once to make this day
happens we're headed to we have a very
special day lined up at the Columbus Zoo
they have went above and beyond like
making this day happen for us and us
getting all together and just having an
excellent day so that is where we're
headed right now it should be a very
cool day we're gonna get to do some
things that you don't normally get to do
with the zoo this is like a special it's
like a special day at the zoo released
that's what we've been working on so
here we go welcome and and thanks for
being here let's go so we just arrived
kora couldn't make it she's locked out
some people didn't cut up for life on
the road man oh I just dumped the
nuggets
there's my my brother and his kids just
got here it's gonna be a fun day okay oh
boy I got to get a new camera this next
two days new camera it is always blurred
you know imagine you claim yourself as a
vlogger and you got one of the worst
cameras here we go we're at the zoo we
got a whole bunch of I kind of missed
all the intros everybody but we got
groups here groups here country and Gil
and the kids and my mom and my dad mom
all's back here hi mama old rival Cora
she looks sure there's a double decker
okay you excited dude you know we're
about to see something cool right it's a
baby polar bear you know it's kind of
yucky out it's cold it's wet
maybe it's no up here it's weird we are
here as a big family and we get to see
beautiful animals and we get to kind of
do some of the things that we couldn't
do normally if we came to the zoo so
we're very excited about that you
yelling at me is this guy yelling at me
Wow so dude you got something to say
oh no he's trying to say he wants the
sheep grass is always green on their
side body he genuinely looks like he's
got a mean face but he's probably not in
coat around lap - its polar bear time
she sees them baby
450 pound baby what'd you think of that
yeah we can go downstairs and watch them
swim you guys wanna go downstairs yeah
let's go oh oh you wants the job so I
got water's cold man yo country looks
like you trying to get in that water man
okay let's go here he goes like
marshmallows came he's like you mr.
marshmallow this is cool this is a
tunnel that takes you down under the
polar bear tank so you get to watch them
swim be polar bears I can't even find no
others a bunch of kids Colin Carson in
here some no it was like running around
he literally standing on your head down
ha-cha-cha
watching watching going for a fish boom
too slow too slow
think of the polar bears amazing right
we're moving on to another location
we're gonna split up into two groups and
we're gonna go pet rhinos which is one
of my favorite animals at the zoo and
then they have a bunch of baby animals
that we get to hang out with today so
sloth hangs like this it's entire life
that's all it does how do what it to eat
what did he what is that core that knows
it looks wooden we want to have that
nice fluffy winter coat to keep us nice
and more to feel like no not saw it's
not a lot of crazy creature man come on
next oh so do they ever just walk across
the floor the only time that you would
ever see in the wild what a wild
creature man it's like something you
find on your bed at night whoa
he's like looking around like who's
gonna take my fish Wow
you want one Caine she got extras oh
yeah yum yum yum
how long can you listen to that sound oh
just down it let's see it oh oh here's
my mom's favorite what's up what's up
what you think mom that's like your
favorite yeah what's he want
is that what he'll do sit down Conrad
see who he goes to he's like peace oh my
god yeah that's why he just wants to be
touched teach him how to walk teach
country on a walk he's like you mocking
me boy playing hide-and-go-seek I can go
see all that is funny he wants your
stuff dude he's like that goes for 15
fish
yes that was country yeah say what he
wants Cory you wanna blog or you want to
blog right now alright we're moving
around again we're headed to see a right
now i dude i swear i just turned my
Jurassic Park look at that thing that's
crazy
the Montag refer here well we're going
in we're going in dungeon we are in the
beasts cage you ever see t-rex about to
come out of here where are we we should
build one of these in the backyard come
on and what do you guys need her to the
Rhinos gonna paint a painting gonna
paint a picture for you guys fire comes
Rosie ready to paint a portrait you guys
ever seen a rhino paint order actually
any animal paint I've never seen this
ever
all right Rosie paint painting it up
girl paint good girl Rosie no go ahead
picture it's a picture
gonna feed the Rhino oh she's not even
interested Oh big kitty kitty
huh not what chased by that paint pet
him pet him pet him kinda got the big
kitty roll around it's really hard to
the sizes like these cats like your feet
so big really hard to tell on camera
probably but booth hey cheese Cora she's
watching him leaving him by his love you
liars love not interested in your petty
now you don't got a sweet soul looking
for me once you put your arm in there
mom dad we're heading up two feet
hand-feed big manatee things huh no
should be fun no she'll be fine so if
you've ever been to Como Zoo in the back
like you see all the manatees thing
there's a back bedroom basically where
they can come in and sleep in here and
this is where they hang out kind of
behind the scenes like area of it
oh man we're on top that's super cool
this is the only spot on three -
pelicans for snatching the lettuce
nicely done and then you just drop the
tubing in the water yeah yeah don't hit
the manatee there it goes there goes
little containers it's coming up I need
air and lettuce yes man you didn't poke
Kane and Conrad's turn on three yeah
they beat BC this is super awesome guys
I mean it's obviously awesome but to be
here with your whole family it's so so
everybody's different expressions summer
chill summer decide it's some are just
like for me I love what my throw you in
there get in there
didn't that take you probably would go
in that tank so the letter that's
already all gone so they said that these
manatees one two three there's four or
five of five of them they eat 300 heads
of lettuce a day grows pretty fishies
showing us this guy man I got my
aquarium game man look at that I always
imagined magic
having a shower right and all three
walls are an aquarium right sooo shower
head would be like here yeah and then
you shower in the ocean I figure there's
a thing though here in Ohio we're gonna
do this on a budget freshwater tank no
no water just as easy just as easy yeah
look at that guy says I want to be in
your shower so the kids are going to
touch the animals creatures see light
and we are gonna get a behind-the-scenes
look at how the aquarium's wrong which
you know I love that so all those little
white dots all those little white dots
are fish they're baby baby baby so how
old are these two days and then these
guys over here twenty two days old so
they turn into that twenty two days old
okay that was twenty times and this is
one year this is what he'll turn into a
beautiful blue angelfish so pretty I
love that fish shimmer man it's like a
mad scientist stuff going on in here
look at this look at this dude this is
crazy
alright so right now we're hiking up to
what it over top of the main tank that
we were just looking at with the sharks
and stuff it's like some Ace Ventura
stuff
yeah you know when he falls off the
bridge yeah that's not snowflake huh
that's no snowflake all right we got to
step up our that is beautiful Wow
all right so you guys know what my my
room looks like that that takes care of
our fish tanks look at this one this is
what takes care of that fish tank
absolutely insane imagine one of these
pipes busting or like the water pressure
behind this crazy so yeah for an
aquarium you see it you're like that's
beautiful the amount of things that go
in to making that aquarium beautiful is
insane I mean look at all this this is
all for that fish tank so this is super
crazy they have the zoo literally
surprised us then in the aquarium and as
they set up an entire okay normally
you'd come to the zoo and there's these
aquarium but in front of them is now a
buffet for my family and in front of the
giant aquarium is all these tables for
us to sit Nita's this is super awesome
oh mylanta you guys have a good time
good time how's the food home ah that
looks awesome I made a whole stack of
that brats yeah they said its evils in
the aquarium like this is so
ridiculously awesome what do you think
of this would you have a good day it's
been great and
Oh awesome well I went skydiving for
your birthday you guys enjoyed dinner at
the aquarium super cool you know they
got a leak in the back leak in the back
they need you zebra what's mommy doing
she dancing now alright they were saying
goodbye to the beautiful aquarium have
you ever been to the zoo and it's
totally closed look there's nobody it's
it's completely closed we're in the zoo
Wow let's go take an alligator dude it
feels families up here I love that you
brought the double seat so we have a
stroller but in the bottom it another
stroller can hook not a stroller a seat
can hook into it right here she brought
it for lives of a king hey he just
covered himself look it's two strollers
that's cool can't even find our way
we're stuck in the zoo
we're actually locked in what if we have
to sleep at the zoo that'd be cool what
animal would you sleep with I'd rather
crawl in a little coffee shop above and
beyond from the zoo
I hope everybody had a great time I know
it was like everybody there was it's a
whole different experience something
that we'd never got to do so thank you
to the zoo
we'll mount up for us so happy the whole
family got to go we all just got a night
out together like that's very rare I
can't even remember like when we took
our big trip that's where all our family
goes outside of that once a year thing
it's very rarity and everybody together
for one night just hang out so it's an
awesome thank you guys for hanging out
with us and we're just heading home
right now it's pouring rain it's just
this is but the the oh you're gonna
sleep tonight flashy you were outside
sorry
it's locked flesh how we get in baby
girl we're home you didn't even sleep
that one I thought she would fall asleep
on the way home she did Paula she's
awake you want so everybody what you did
do you want everybody what you did she
shattered my phone tonight I know what
you're thinking how could a baby shatter
your phone well let me explain the
situation when we were looking at the
Rhinos she was getting a little fussy
and she loves the phone so I handed her
my phone and she dropped it straight
onto the concrete this is concrete
she drops that I know so yeah she's
pretty shattered up and I got both my
boards you guys know I finally bought my
first-ever snowboard been a skier on my
whole life and I bought my first ever
snowboard fell in love with it I've had
a blast and then like a couple weeks
later chase surprises me we go to a
factory and they build me I build a
custom smile more snowboard so I'm gonna
I need to get some bindings and of
course I want to take a snowboarding
trip because that's so fun oh look at
you boys could you spider monkeys taking
you down do it gang be ready a moment
you're in my sights first-person shooter
ready
boom that is our vlog guys thanks so
much for coming to the zoo with us it
was is wonderful it's really really
needed to hang out with the fam no video
games nothing just us no cell phones
because mine was broke we love ya we
gotta go you're beautiful you're one of
a kind
smile more
Chuya Oh
you
