hello hello guys we are off we're at
Boise Idaho we're headed home today to
see our families dude our kids and our
girls and our dogs and our donkeys we
all right we're dropping off the rental
car and we are off to Columbus Ohio you
decided seeing kids the family oh my
gosh I think we're pretty excited
everybody's excited we're Tom Brady go
home get out of here oh we got turkey
still whole bag of beef jerky yeah let's
take it people just meat yeah you can't
even tell where we hit that little bear
yeah sit terminal entrance all I'm
saying is we got time for that I've
never seen this in it why don't work Oh
pinball it's on it's on ghostbusters do
you think this thing really works it's
going Oh baby
come on you want to practice you want
this on the bike sex game that's right
what bus that backflip everybody's been
wanting we shave that beard off go
mother you're 12 place lean on it though
he'll click your Superman pin place fits
blaze get it get it third third you got
you got two more nachos
yeah gonna miss the job get them to get
a ball for winning first place you can't
get him a ball Oh
get him boy second place you gotta want
to hit it with snowball get it with the
snowball it said second all right I'm
going for it I'm going for the kiddos
kid $1 coming home Korra coming home
story right for sure oh definitely oh
yeah look Disney right on the bottom the
chopper round two - where's he gonna be
winks Oh
hold your fire hold your fire
who's keeping Jeff level two you want it
all right
we're only $36 in that's a dollar well
Smith best three minutes you ever spent
Oh eat oh we're in a massage chair
that's really this thing it's as if you
give massages are though the hard end of
a baseball bat I'm not complaining it
feels good
okay guys we are in Chicago one flight
closer to home country found kettle corn
garrets hmm yes Chicago traditions I was
going like close to the ground one he
just found the place kettle corn is it
everything you remember looking over the
top so we discovered this when I was on
tour somebody brought I don't know how
we got it it's like a big ten right
thing it was in town on business
and stop by before you had yourself and
we were on the tour bus just hailing
everybody was like everybody grabbed me
he was like and then it was just like
boom it's we're closed guys we got one
more flight and then it's it's home
we're home
look at this
Wow brush our eyes everyone leaves you
pack
Columbus ever wonder how tough these
suitcases are it's not bad bro
that's I'm bad he's trying to get away
welcome home boys so happy yes go home
and grab the kids hug on them it's good
to be home it is you know what oddly
enough it's like hotter here then it's
been anywhere else on the whole trip
which is kind of weird it's really warm
this one it's one it's warm it is so
long distance traveller so we are
officially back in Ohio it's it's so
late I hope the families even awake I do
get to pick up Noah right now so no
matter what he will be awake hopefully
everybody's away from home
got my boy with somebody dog he's right
here
flashes flash you happy to see me or
what hi buddy hi - what's the pimp Oh
like a lots been done since we've been
gone this it's cleaning up back here Wow
I want to see your painting I want to
see your painting nose-first is this
your first painting ever on a canvas car
is still here it's great I think just
keep it I think it's just ours pretty
sure everybody what's up dudes you got
to show me I'm excited okay so my dad
has been you guys know the story my dad
started painting again the other painted
in 20 years used to paint when we were
kids and he's so good at it so no one
has been taking a couple of lessons with
my dad and he has his first painting
here so I haven't seen it yet I'm pumped
I'm excited and what are you gonna show
me
without further ado shut up you did not
paint that are you what are you serious
- that is the greatest thing I've ever
seen know what that is beautiful dude I
love it so much are you kidding me no
you did this pretty much just what did
Grandpa do um well we we kind of split
in half I mean I did the
I did the rivers of pond whatever it is
they did this the clouds huh I did all
these leaves all these trees flowers the
grass some of it I did the rocks I don't
know how you did that
oh good job man
hey Korra what's up baby alright guys I
did not want to in yesterday's blog
because I wanted you to see the family
at least for a minute so we can get
today's vlog started but I got eraser in
my sour cream eraser and you're certain
I think those are two words that have
never been said in the same sentence hey
boy hey boy oh you guys so so much
our little mole it our little Mole it
look at the background look at these
troublemakers
look at these troublemakers what are you
doing what are you doing so yeah guys we
are home and I wanted you guys to be
able to see the family so I didn't end
it last night thank you for coming home
with me we love you guys so much there
will be I know usually when I get home
and I say we're gonna do family stuff
aye aye skipper next day but I swear
even if I have to set my camera on that
kitchen table for 20 minutes and just
hit record there will be a vlog tomorrow
so thank you so much for being here we
love you guys so much beautiful you're
one of a kind smile more
you
