welcome to the vlog guys today we're
leaving Chicago and we're headed to
Boise Idaho let's go to the travel music
sequence ready ride it ride it ride it
ride it dude
alright guys we've made it to Boise
Idaho if you've ever been tied up never
never mind conjuring the name my country
you should be pramana home man man you
know what he didn't just say listen I
thought you gonna say listen have you
ever been at home I got the plan I got
the master plan this is it you guys
ready
did you see the mountains flying in did
you see the trails in the trees
it was beautiful gets four-wheelers no
let's go get some tents forget the hotel
country come here
forget the hotel tonight let's go camp
in the mountains trust it you'll trust
it the lady on the jet bridge told me
that it was 20 degrees up in the mouth
oh stop
you know what 20 degrees is I guess so
we are in Boise Idaho we're here with
the family that we took to the NASCAR
event we have something to it their home
it's kind of a surprise they know we're
coming
but the surprises at their house and I'm
just excited to be here this place is
gorgeous what what who else is here yes
special guest is here and I'm so excited
to catch up with him I know I can just
smell fresh air hi guys running up to
the hotel got a nice place to check this
out I got a friend dude we're camping
together look at this mister how many
hotels a tweest been in the last year
and we've never had a conjoined or this
is awesome we just take this ball out
just make it one big room so we're here
we're in Boise we are gonna literally
drop our bags go eat because it's almost
Showtime we are today will actually wrap
on the very close to the last part of
this whole project so it's very exciting
day because we get to finish a big part
of it and this place man nothing no
buildings no skyscrapers after just
leaving Chicago it just looks so empty
okay so where are you taking us he's
talking about Boise Boise Frey company
if you're from this area I'm sure you
know what that is but we were gonna go
to TGI Fridays and they was like we can
go to that anywhere anytime boy and you
were like it's not Sunday it's not
Friday it's a Sunday long weekend has
been a long weekend by the way my
brother buddy I think we're all just
excited to eat food food is good I
brought the idea camping I can't fan out
yeah you know I mean but you said it's
like 40
it's that nerdy but the good news is
there's a huge sporting goods shop like
right there good bye all good bye all
the stuff he thinks there's um there's
agro man-eating spiders up in the
mountains dude there's like venomous
frogs snakes humans there's like if it
can eat you it's here I even read that
there's alligator in the hot springs so
true dude what that's what he said and
piranhas and sharks welcome to Boise fry
first thing right off the bat um notice
look at all these these are salt Cajun
sauce smoked sriracha or Radisson and
look blueberry ketchup see that my light
you gotta try never yeah the blueberry
ketchup you ever had that never ever
purple fries what you guys thinking look
at these doughnuts dude white chocolate
sauce they're good good which ones you
get purple purple purple fries these
sweet potato we live in comes we live
and my son Noah would say
beautiful project spicy fries sauce good
um so full we are so full we're going to
production right now we're gonna wrap
this up I skip through it maybe say hi
to the team and then we will continue
this vlog it's like doing two almost two
shows a day with the vlog and production
it's it's a lot to keep up with like a
bounce like a teeter-totter on each
other I'll surprise you with your new
vehicle bro what do you think in this
guy traveller these are old like
snowmobiles
look at that thing what if only we had
guaranteed snow you know we never we
never get like this sometimes we get
snow sometimes you don't this one looks
nice wait it's actually a Polaris that's
amazing to snow traveler the handlebar
there's a 1962 snow traveler Polaris I
don't know man it might be too big for
you yeah honestly we got to keep you on
the low horses these whoa look at this
one little motor to the motor back area
I know Polaris has been around for so
long I know I found Juris country here
it is the kitty cat just saying I feel
like you'd be responsible in that you
know you know you can't tease me or show
me well is this good see Kitty cows are
top speed few miles per hour
it's set up for you man boom all right
guys we're on the move we are on an
adventure where we go on where we going
right now
production is complete we just rocked it
out I skipped it all amazing but now we
have a little time in Boise we're
surrounded by mountains and rivers and
fields and cow
we go on so we're going along this point
this long this map okay this is our path
of travel to eight marked location
secret marked location there's like
inside information to catch a live
salmon with your bare hands you know
what can we get you a bear suit
wait are there bears in Idaho you know I
don't know I don't know I don't know
there could be look how awesome this is
it's amazing this Canyon
imagine sledding down that that's an
impressive landscape where are we dude
is it now chase no you ever seen a
skater I want to show you guys this the
entire skate park watch it it's actually
amazing I'm gonna build out of my house
one thing this could be the biggest that
is awesome
that's it hey show me your skills give
me a camera oh you want some air be a
man yeah dude some Eric air BMX air
guitar yeah air bear drums I mean my
shoes yeah I'm gonna try to follow you
and this time go for the double tail
whip
double tail with bro he's never done air
airex
Romans honestly the best air BMXer I
know I was actually blown away by his
work back in 2017 just a few days ago
stretching it out I kind of want to just
drop it in warm up
Oh
tailwhip Oh drop-in Oh
trip triple tail whip dankbaar spin
right at the end triple if you count
weight you want to try the Superman try
the Superman real quick you're getting
good at it
nobody's ever attempted this oh oh dear
looks so much better with the mountains
in the background
whoa
huh I just called the cops that there's
a lunatic over here with an invisible
bike one day invisible bikes can be a
sport and you nobody's gonna be laughing
and that was a lot with that harm for a
while just yeah it wasn't real quick we
just thought we just stopped for
supplies because we're about to go in
the middle of nowhere
I mean there's nothing here so let's
look at our survival gear that we got
okay I got biscuits and gravy potato
chips because it's quick breakfast in
case we're out there you know breakfast
and Sunday but TGIF taking a breakfast
we got that coffee drank we got beef
jerky and corn nuts we've got a green
tea and some Gatorade Doritos mmm beef
jerky and uh water
we bought some water chaps tips you can
never be too more stressed thanks buddy
let's go I'm not gonna lie it is
beautiful look at the railroad track
down here follows this absolutely
beautiful landscape really this all
right
we're going down we're going down
rattlesnake they said come out towards
evening cuz they got to get warm is that
a cow or a couch mom let's go
I didn't bring my climbing shoes or
shorts or anything though gosh why are
you going so slow I'm just trying to
look for rattlesnakes because they're
like everywhere here no they're not Bost
do you hear any rattling good vine
there's tremors we got to go from rock
to rock rock to rock stay off the ground
Oh ma'am a jam a dingdong wait you got
your own how did you get that right I'm
a little against scare country to death
with this stick right here he's gonna
think it's a snake no one for the job
whoo this is amazing guys absolutely
beautiful
oh my god well this was definitely worth
driving here my ears I can't believe
like the elevation messed with my ear so
bad like I was trying to pop him it's
just chases got his jaw niala
then we need a raft
imagine having a raft you would just be
going down that river is it cold if if
you've been watching this channel a very
long time then you know my mom my mother
collects rocks from kind of wherever we
travel to it's like me and the boys
collecting our magnets of travel my mom
likes a rock from places she collects
rocks I started so I'm up here looking
for a beautiful rock to take home to her
and there's like tons are obviously like
a million choices but I'm looking for a
you know real pretty rock that's gonna
make her smile so mom if you're watching
this vlog thinking about you and I'm
gonna bring you home a pretty rock
take your pants off well I can't really
think of a much prettier area like it's
absolutely beautiful the only thing I
could say is I bet in the wintertime
when this is like mixed with snow and
that's got to be gorgeous whoo looks
like a painting only real take the
pictures to the dad to make dad painting
make him paint it oh this might be it
pops I finally get my painting Idaho all
right I was totally worth the stuff whoa
geez there we go all right guys we made
it
bagger ease the whoa okay guys so we've
made it back to the room I'm gonna in
the vlog I am so excited to wake up we
all get to go home to our families
tomorrow which is everything that kids
the donkey the dog Brit everybody I miss
them so much I just can't wait to get
home I love you guys so so much thanks
for being here being a part of the
project being a part of everything we do
no matter what it is whether it's you
know blowing something up or just
literally talking to you guys on this
camera thank you for being here thank
you for being a part of it and for
always sharing the vlogs with friends
and family and you know watching this
watching these with your with your
parents or it is just so awesome I'm so
blessed to have you thank you so much we
will see you tomorrow you are beautiful
you are one of a kind
smile more
you
