bam bam bam but wow that was the
greeting right dude you just taking
pieces on my car
yo you are out of control flash I who
did this Oh welcome to the vlog guys I
just want to see if when I start
vlogging and raising my voice at flash
starts to howl okay how about them tools
I supplied you it right dude how about
that dog food welcome to the vlog guys
welcome home we are uh hopefully I'm
gonna get my first rut I did not touch
your car I started it I drove it about
two feet and I parked it good you've got
my word I haven't seen the keys keys in
it it was it was just ready for somebody
come take him I took the towbar off okay
with your tools it's all I have this why
not it worked
you're not just gonna not have that tool
in your garage anybody comes up to you
you're just like step back clock oh good
job flash yeah what's up
mrs. ooh this is ooh it's okay
alright alright hop it in first ride I'm
so excited to drive it I'm so excited to
ride in it - what no this is real man
whoa I want to keep you safe there we go
a lot of kids now you ready flash you
ready
he wants to go he wants to go he wait he
would ride in the spot you stay away you
stay away
get this out with that GTR right there
there's a Honda no way
and the boy the problem I don't know you
can hear me mrs. Bigelow
take off it like
okay so it's fun to ride in 100% but
it's gonna be even more fun to drive
it's my turn
sure you want me to drive
well
we're open to it first feeling you got
to break this thing in
absolute animal insane I I may or may
not have broken the clutch for you yeah
well you can't smell to YouTube because
it does stink I think honestly okay so
we're going to a drag strip tomorrow and
the plan I'm gonna be honest after
driving it
your only disadvantage that I can think
of right now is gonna be traction
because traction the daggone GTRs got
that all wheel drive and it just hooks
and when you punch it it goes there is
no slip this guy is gonna slip nice new
head is it all real yeah is it all real
no extensions nice breast pumps Milo Oh
wild hyenas in the house bye buddy I
love you the hog of the century guys got
me yeah you guys gonna have fun have fun
with Grandma uh-uh
nitro king of the hill get back here get
back here
all right who really wants me III I
wanted to say hi but Kane was kind of
trying to lure you out enjoy the kids
tonight I will gonna have some fun yeah
I'm going out guys tonight we're glad
that you're here we are going to the
Brad Pitt Angelina Jolie concert tonight
you guys ready love them together is so
exciting so we are on our way flashes uh
what's up don't you got to say hey buddy
let's show them let's show them out here
this way this way bill Bill's the guy
that's been working out here building
all our fun things for the mini lake
he finished the drop tower today for the
blob and actually just a new a new place
to dive off of we are now eighteen and a
half feet above the water which is gonna
make the blob crazy so now we got the
tower in the drop tower it is so tall
can't even fit it in the screen it's
like there it is everything's in there
boom yeah that should be a ton of fun
hopefully we'll get a chance to get on
there tomorrow we also fixed this be
dropped with super sudden and we've just
made it really wide so we can ride
different objects down it tonight when
you drop in it's like a smooth
transition big smooth transition and
overall just a really fun area we got a
whole bunch of rain that area need to
lift it up it's starting to get water in
it just one thing after this your
country get up thank you speak with Tim
girl stand right here on out of there
how did that kid country you ready for
some country I killed it then don't post
that on YouTube I'm a veterinarian by
Cora by baby I love you have fun at the
local zoo guys we'll be back I think
your party's got it made right now yeah
don't worry about it guys if you guys
want to do your hair and everything a
few sweats hang on
boogers in my nose you're good hook me
up anyway
you girls ready cuz I'm about to start
blogging Sophia's okay
we're off we're off to see I'm not ready
can you play please one with Stuart
little on the way up we're headed up to
the concert we are it's beautiful a
beautiful evening
by the way via the country that's like
for some night feeling you got so lucky
today
you my friend got so lucky today you got
luck you I was ready
you were not ready you were nervous on
the service look calm and ready okay if
you guys watch yesterday's long we
discussed the idea that for this concert
it's a concert concert that we would all
dress as Cowboys full-blown Cowboys in
country country was so bummed that he
had to dressed like a cowboy so today we
ran out of time we didn't get to go get
our cowboy gear and he's so excited so
now you got to dress like a cowboy doing
your beard flip this was the same guy he
was the only guy who was excited to go
to the rodeo with me I know I was yeah
but you were like yeah we should just
drive I was like let's go back to the
rodeos I mean for all the viewers bro
ha you're happy if you're happy I'm
happy I'm mad then what do you wanna bet
he pulls that sweater off and it's just
like BAM
country country you ain't never seen
this side of country before
how about you you did wear the boots
yeah you didn't want to do it either but
I would have for the vlog I would have
Jane I was the only one who wanted to do
it easy baby easy when a man loves a
woman and I I'm just gonna that's the
song just Tim Tim Tim it's me Tim you
didn't hear me
Tim's really let himself go - I know
y'all I don't know who who's parking
here but we're gonna we're gonna have to
take this spot bag country go ahead yeah
you park here
that's off the Tim I talked to Tim and
faith earlier they said that you're
gonna hold those there for us so yes
perfect now ultra realness does this bus
work for us what's up yo Tim thanks
Brian this is what when I when I meet
him tonight
he's gonna respect me with this hat
right this is the respectful love yo you
finally got the man of your dreams what
you've been doing
shego you wanted some tighter teeth baby
boy the tightest jeans I had this is a
pretty special night by the way bringing
out our hair down today finally back to
the lights my baby
hair color look at that she gotta cut
this is pretty crazy night because we
have no cord tonight and last time we
were here hora was in your belly kick
and we thought you were gonna have her
remember this is it zip whoa it's scary
up here - there's a stage are you
excited
she loves country music here's a funny
story I used to be a massive country
defense so much I know every single song
Tim McGraw has done I just fully stopped
listening to it and now I don't do it at
all zero I don't know what happened I
went from loving should be a great night
a bunch of family here and duck high and
uh here's what I'm saying imagine no
seats down there fill it with dirt put
the demolition derby you said that
demolition derby boom I don't think we
could ever fill place this big though
this place is huge
maybe I've no idea actually
how many do you have to - okay so funny
story before our awesome friends at
SeatGeek
gave us a suite here tonight Britney
bought very expensive tickets for this
concert from her mother
Zeki hooked us up with this suite again
like the last time they did it's amazing
but now we have two tickets but they're
on her phone so we're gonna try to get
them printed off we're gonna find two
random people up in that in the
high-rise give them to them so they can
go down so for these two tickets were
$700 so that's gonna be a nice surprise
for somebody who's sitting in a
high-rise the nosebleed section okay by
the way it was $40 to print two pieces
of paper with the tickets arena we're
almost $800 right there yeah we're gonna
give two people up and knows what how
you gonna pick I'm hoping I just call me
hey hi like there's a super sweet of me
hey so we gotta look for a couple a
couple of exit sign right here we are
gonna get lost you know we're gonna I
think you think there's another one this
is it upper level and the nosebleed
section
only that this is like the back corner
you can't get in there okay then it must
start up here because as high as you go
this is nosebleed right very top
you see a couple wait all the way up
there yeah should be the very top no no
let's go all the way up
they're waving they're waving let's go
over there they're waving they might
know us
we got seats down there yeah
wait so wait you guys came to my toy
drive you did awesome yo you guys up
here enjoy it enjoy that is so crazy
yeah let's do it that is literally
impossible impossible what just happened
oh my I love how things work like that
like he literally had no idea who to
give the tickets to him but he's like
maybe they'll just wait to her come to
us she said write something it'll just
come to us so I see somebody waiting me
it happens to be two people came to my
toy drive that is insane
that is meant to happen right there I'm
so happy balloon ain't messing around
and dock just get in here do this Oh
what is that it's like little beef
patties
Hey
show's over already found surely it is
we got Tim McGraw in the house I enjoyed
your show always like a project Kyle's
here with this crazy is that Britt yeah
we're gonna yeah he's our the consumer
at her fight timber girl country would
you got passed by a tractor did you see
that we just he's driving on the wrong
side of the road he's gonna kill them he
doesn't like dig his fingers into my
meat I'm talking a powdered donut
you guys think that's funny how's my boy
how's my boy with the baby you sleepy ah
give me up you got slushy and slush and
orangie and Zeus you got everybody again
guys I'm sneaking out here to end the
vlog tomorrow we are taking these to the
racetrack GTR versus the Goblin and I'm
very excited about it no production
either tomorrow so it will be just a fun
vlog thank you guys for being a part of
this feel like I've blogged my day and
it's a little jumpy and I can tell I'm
really tired because my throw-up either
that I was just singing all those tracks
I don't know I snuck out your thought
wouldn't bother nobody but we're gonna
say good night to you guys thank you so
much for being here today and being a
part of this vlog we love you you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind
you
