hey guys welcome to the vlog I am i
insta dad this is insta dad stats and my
turn right into a dad right I'm your I'm
your dad I first of all welcome to the
blog I look so weird in a white hat
we've actually done I've done a bunch
this morning I'm gonna throw to that in
a second but we got all these what am i
what what I say about these what are
they they're just samples yeah there's a
sample by the way love the shirt
teachers Megan this is the last
formalities
boom what what do you mean last run
anymore we're not getting any more
that's stupid
who's in here making my baby cry who is
making my baby Cora what's your favorite
one I look too ridiculous in this I'm
not gonna lie like I feel look okay
first of all tan lines mm-hm
I'm just so used to wearing a hat like
this I'm just used to that but then all
of these came in these are just like
samples we don't actually have these for
sale but look at that I love I couldn't
see you look good in hats like that I
feel like this might be more your style
well it's a little yeah I'm gonna say no
I'm not digging it I'm not digging it
huh no take it off the screen boom I
don't know I don't know I just white
like a white hat that we how long would
that be white in my world an hour okay
first of all the pond doesn't die you
okay it's safe it's okay so here's where
at today I've actually done a bunch of
stuff this morning I'm gonna go ahead
and throw to that I started the blog now
and doing a throwback because I didn't
like my energy this morning I was super
nervous and scared I just want to show
you why so let's jump to this morning
and it will jump back to here thanks for
watching guys alright guys welcome to
the vlog today starting off a little
eerie because I'm here to get attacked
by a canine dog like a pig
listen to him he's so mad that's a
speaker right that's not actually dog in
there woke up with all this energy got
here and now I'm like oh my god am I
really doing this is weird like I'd
rather I'd rather go down the mega RAM
attempt the backflip maybe break my neck
rather than get attacked by a canine dog
like they have this big suit that I'm
gonna put on every I'll just show you
the suit it's hmm I think I'm gonna
throw up dude man are you gonna do it
with me okay so he said what he said in
the entire time they've done this
there's only been two people to stay on
their feet we could be three and four
dude or you could just be three you guys
know I do a lot of weird things I love
doing things that I'm really scared of I
really love stepping out of my comfort
zone I like trying to do something
because after you've done it you know
it's safe you're not really gonna get
hurt he did say he did say this dog has
dislocated many shoulders Dom's I'm very
afraid of I don't like breaking bones I
don't like really hurting myself this is
the suit you wear and at the end of the
day you are okay you're gonna be fine
and those are the type of things that I
don't mind doing even though I'm scared
to death to do it you just gotta like
make that jump and then it's like I did
it I got attacked by a dog and that's it
done how you feeling make it sound so
simple I cannot wait to see this this is
a smile exciting is it because you that
I'm getting chasing it and tackled by a
dog no it's just because you're gonna
you're gonna you're gonna do this like a
champ you're gonna stay on your feet you
think on the heavy that dogs probably
not even gonna attack you he's just
gonna be like I brought little treats
and I'm gonna be dropping them behind me
so yeah there it is oh my gosh you look
like them little things used to get all
the quarter machines yeah yo chew it
should rock that in public one day like
legit go to a club like that well I like
the fact that your hands
really be out so I guess that makes
sense you don't want your hand to be out
there yeah we got the pants on you but
just a Kevlar jacket which means and he
did say this dog is known for puncturing
through this entire coat which means you
got fangs in arms we just go and go back
to bed
I think that's great can it rain like
yeah I woke up thinking hand if it
storms I'm not going to do this today
country man you look good in it we're
gonna be a problem here no sir titanium
teeth from Austin Powers like a shark
oh we just come swimming today like this
kid just been such a light day you know
like hey let's just go swimming
let's go swimming
that would have been the idea thing to
do no swimming they already know so guys
I'm gonna do this
apparently I'm gonna try to show you in
this vlog the dog doesn't even have he
has titanium teeth I thought he was
joking but it's true you saw him there
metal he's got metal teeth he's like a
piranha
that's the Terminator dog it's the
Terminator man's dog NATO man these are
these are highly advanced trained
canines they will destroy you and I'm
just gonna take it off or on it hmm I
see money think it's a trap it's
probably a string and these guys are
gonna pull it look at like they're gonna
pull it my money what's the Zoom Argo
Argo the destroyer argh is extremely
obedient he listened so well to David
here unbelievable I'm so nervous
I don't need to talk the bionic teeth
too close to the suit dude
it is the Terminator dog so I just run
full-speed that's it
got such a barrel keep on going though
it's go time it's good time and I just
we've done some runs I haven't gone yet
this is my first time and he said
they're not gonna do any more so you may
not get to do this putt but no I this is
my natural state you've been training me
getting hit by this dog and everybody
said it's like getting hit by truck like
it's just instantly you're on the ground
so I must stay on my feet I'm gonna stay
on my feet the story's not taking me
down I don't believe you got it let's go
you know why you got it is because
everyone else has failed and I know you
got a plan behind the scenes to get that
good luck okay we're back we're back is
that what I sound like my vlog row so
I'm about to throw you in our swamp why
is the pawn now nicer than the pool good
upon the puzzle awesome and beautiful
and in this pool but oh my okay so you
guys when we get new merchants like
especially like hoodies they're big and
bulky and they take a lot of space so
this looks like a ton of merch but it's
not you guys will usually sell something
like this out the first day actually the
first hour sizes will already be sold
out so Brittany says we're not getting
any more of that
that's super bomb and they can't make
any of that that exact hi dice
so what you'd have to change tie-dyes
but I love this tight I know it's not
this I know it's the hoodie but we have
these two right
we have these I know my own story okay I
I created this even though you run it
now I created it really I said that show
me the block it's not in the water
didn't happen I'm just gonna say it like
I always said if you want one just go
get one right now because they will sell
out today actually as this blog is going
up they're already selling so go get one
if you want one and we'll get whatever
we can later in life country look I know
your bikes broke we're gonna have to go
back to this one don't act like you
didn't miss her the good old days right
there you know what right now that bikes
faster than your other one it's faster
the mother I think I wanna get you
competition in that race Kurt there boy
you got some chicken by the way why
what's wrong with the pool but you're
gonna keep that thing clean so how about
that dog case today man
that's legit Gary to me like I like I
like crazy stuff but for some reason get
chased by the dog we have no control
scary man it was interesting you were
you were laughing you're laughing so
hard my daddy wasn't a funny sight being
being the victim country got behind a
behind a red jacket and then I laughed
at you yes country you think you're not
running no no way here we go there he
goes oh dude you came off the ground oh
you're a good see something cool
I must show you something awesome it's
gonna be fun but my dad had on we can
just all go to the zoo right now let's
go here we go we're gonna take off have
some fun and then poopy diaper boom
restart she's like it wasn't even me we
what are you talking about poopy diaper
what up cuddle bugs what up cuddle bots
you know pretty soon you're both not
gonna fit in there you're not even gonna
fit in there you're gonna be big and
hanging off of it I know I hate to tell
you that's what time does to you why are
they so cute why are kids so cute look
at that how do you beat that how do you
beat it
I'm just so cute I'm just even cuter I'm
the cutest Pinzon oh my gosh we got the
kids packed up I didn't have to wear my
dad had to pull off his dad moment right
now should've wore it today would have
been the day I'm taking the after
yesterday if you watch this is why we
supposed to slow down we spent some time
at the local fire department and today
I'm gonna take the kids check out all
the fire trucks and I don't know just
get out of house from and it should be
cool a lot of my film crew is currently
here today so we're gonna meet up with
them and just just all these people
working on the big project
let's see some fire trucks let's drive
one let's ramp one one dog VanCamp
mommy's touch right there she is passing
it up we end a big boy truck right here
man 1 sit down this is ready get in they
strapped in I guess the gear goes what
does the gear go with you when you leave
there's no that stays in the truck
what's that the gear oh you mean that
your class yeah once we get there these
things pull right out so then it goes
with you I never realize how big it was
in here we're going no no you're you're
the driver you'll take me and came to
the to the fire
again you gotta sit down
it's gonna get bumpy you gotta take a
seat hurry hop in
damn how you feeling you're going into
battle row wet it's so sweating but
Ripley oh I'll suck dampen like weird
all the things we get into I hear ya
yeah it was pretty crazy today like
really still is that is so awesome
thumbs up dude you were driving it
that's awesome buddy okay we're on the
move did you guys have fun no laptop
iPad iPod boys cool huh
cool trucks mannered they break oh so
nice looking to it like bright and shiny
like what kid isn't attracted to a fire
truck pretty cool right you guys can see
a quick clue of what we did on my
Twitter you've probably already seen it
but if you didn't go look at my last
picture I posted it should be my last
picture person you'll see you'll know
what it is but it's what we did tonight
and I didn't vlog it but it's kind of a
secret but all your hair is blowing in
the wind oh there's my buddy
I know just speak to the people just
tell them what they want to hear clash
tell them no greetings no greetings
what's up but all the trash was picked
up today all of it look you've already
got a water bottle bad hi that's where
she's saying hi I swear
daddy's really working it right now what
tell me anyway we didn't like what are
you trying to tell me I know you got a
whole story in there but you just don't
know what to say huh daddy what what
what are you saying bubble girl you
blowing bubbles now that's a picture oh
my gosh I'm videoing but oh maybe I can
take a picture smile look at me okay
guys so we're back home and we're just
hanging out no one to hold Korra this
time around you on hold Korra she has
been so good she just got a bath what
kind of skipped through that process but
it smells better smells like soap
mommy's in there pumpin I think this is
a perfect spot to call it a night thank
you for hanging out with us today take
pictures is blinding me
oh sorry but that was a good picture I
stopped to take pictures of that one we
will see you guys tomorrow thanks for
hanging out today
thanks for sharing these vlogs with
friends and family we are
Kame Kame okay
is that is that what you had to go get a
slushie oho wittle baby doggy
okay I'm gonna end it thank you guys so
much we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
