hello hello hello baby Cora you ready to
party yes
hey guys welcome to the vlog hey buddy
let me see let me see show everybody
Sean not that show me your mouth look
his tooth fell out how much money did
you get under your pillow today twenty
boy that sure changed since I was a kid
twenty dollars that is true that's his
first - well notice first tooth is lost
but its first tooth he taught naturally
wow I almost barely said this this
little rascals been up for like 2,500
hours
cutie pie was my duty baby I just do
what I gotta do you know I'm just here
for you you know that don't I gotta go
do a bit of filming the house is trashed
we moved the new bit computer by the way
over here so now the kids can sit
together or I can sit kids play games
together and yeah that's right I know
you're exhausted don't look how does
that what ow
the heck
maybe maybe cat toy swear shocked man
okay guys so I'm gonna walk out here we
got a whole bunch of people here it's
kind of a production day it's gonna I'm
gonna try a half mix it for you guys so
it's not all production they're gonna
try to have some fun I don't know what
I'm gonna be able to film so I'm gonna
go I love you guys so much
you're the best you de BES et be est I'm
off today let's go my man Mike Mike is
audio it's easy name to remember because
he's our Mike guys so it's Mike Mike and
me up
how you feeling that everyday beautiful
day gorgeous day yeah I can't ask for
more I know we got these wild cats over
here talking about I know John's talking
about I don't know country star but I
was gonna guess that you come and hang
out you come and hang out in no yeah I'm
going this way
it's what I love you just want to love
you he's like you got food your carrots
cool ranch Dorito equipment truck
cameras sound you name it all in here
it's a snack bin they put it in the back
on purpose here we go here we go there
we go get them snacks you only got one
job you got to use them like camo you
just booked Ally birthday today I'm
super excited today first of all this
what I'm shooting today is all about my
local I live in a very small town as you
guys probably know very personal very
it's a laid-back country town so today
is all about my dough actually the next
three days is all about my local police
in my local fire I get to do a very huge
give
back to them this is something I've been
wanting to do for a very long time like
I get to do something huge and big for
my local police and my local fire
department which I'm so pumped about I'm
just so thrilled to be able to do it
it's like such an honor to be able to
give something huge to my my police and
firemen like I'm pumped
sup buddy I'm sitting in the back of a
police car we got Brandon what's up bud
we got GoPros all around we are we're
having some fun
today obviously can't give up all the
secrets filming filming filming Oh real
funny John real funny got the police
donuts I get it
yeah I get are there really Donuts in
here of course country tell them I want
a doughnut try to get out you can't just
tell you you got done huh I'm locked in
it's like a lock in you can't turn it
off if you had to it's kind of like
child safety but criminal safety how do
we want criminals to be safe oh maybe
it's like kind of criminal but not
criminal enough to not keep them safe I
say we keep them in here as long as
possible I say no because food for all
day there's no water if you don't have
water with food you die I'm gonna let
y'all cuz I love you that's it but I
want a doughnut roses for me let me off
with a warning
thanks for 20 pounds of doughnuts it's
actually heavy yeah let's arrest these
dorks huh there's no dancing in this
town sexual our camera crew the penis
wait baby
so this mount this mount right here
holds the officers laptop but check this
out John look at this it is now the
donut mount boom easily grabbed I think
that's what police officers were really
thinking around it like we need to say
something to the public Oh laptops
that's what as far as my laptop but for
me it'd be a pizza holder all day yeah
dude I feel like it's now or never for a
photo like this you know me Hannon like
because I've always wanted do something
I guess so maybe we is the in the car or
out of the car
out of the car out of the car holding
them and you're like what if you're down
on one knee
oh nice proposing to you Pro donuts -
you produce that's a stretch very much
all right man I might need you actually
take all these you gotta actually take
how am I actually giving you all these
doughnuts they're actually yours we got
them actually for you you got it
you got the whole passenger seat for
those guys - we need to bring our kids
down here that would be fun right bring
the kids down here so you really like
fire trucks as a kid or the one of the
coolest things I remember being a kid I
had friends that were like I'm gonna be
a fireman from like kindergarten up I
didn't have that thought but the trucks
and the equipment was always so cool
it's like who doesn't like it do you
really think all these things have
function does that really all have or
this for looks special pink special
purple rain this is grass water your
grass lets the grass wheat grass yeah
and this is blue moon this is orange
juice orange juice yes you mean you turn
this it's carbonated juice that's red
dirt and these are your dispensers
impossible I think this is our
opportunity man this is the opportunity
when I'm in the Fire Department I'm
alone I see opportunity guys imagine we
could be we could be the fire department
calendar right here for my local town
look at this it could be it you want to
be fit Valentine's Day heart hearts
country what month you gonna take I feel
like you got like January through May
yeah well I think you're more of a
Christmas guy all right bomb bomb little
snowman yeah December stocking stuffer
I'll take anything I'm just happy to be
here Robin give him Thanksgiving the
feeling just something we can do our
shoot right now John you ready we got to
I shoot hung up on the truck okay pop up
on I'm going to get your I'm gonna get
and you guys are gonna take our pictures
and create a calendar you ready all
right very gently okay
now pose pose do your part
John you're not even trying is that it
all right you're looking at you're
looking at December right there don't
mess with my hose
here's your seen country here's your
seen you're coming out of the ambulance
nonchalant like you've just you know
rescue somebody but you're not looking
at the camera it's like I just catching
you coming out of the ambulance right
okay
just come out like you're working like
you're a workhorse we're ready action
you don't even know the cameras there
that's it I just caught a real moment I
can't that's it Uther's January why
don't you guys tell me what they were
gonna do to me didn't wait why did you
tell me what do you mean I'm soaked
they said they were like gonna give you
something like great I didn't know it
was gonna be water haha alright guys we
just wrapped up a quick very quick a
little bit of filming today tomorrow and
the next day are like really really big
fun crazy days and I'm just so excited
to be doing this for the the locals
that's what it's all about from somebody
that came from pranking police as a
career like that's how I started my
whole career was that's what really blew
me up I I legally pranked police and
it's so nice now I don't do it anymore
it's so nice to better give back to them
so it's gonna be really good I can't
wait to see everything we're doing it's
like they came back to you today don't
you eat it John I know I know I'll make
you whatever you want what do you want
I would like you to make me a better
father woohoo I'm back already guys it's
like a half day of shooting look I got
you won't like it but look what I got
doughnuts Ton Ton Ton flash I'd buy you
so many toys you have endless toys and
you decide once a week to just chew up
everything you can find even my shoe
speak to me speak to me what you can't
have doughnuts
you can't you can come on let's go see
the fan is like a nice half-day guys so
I don't have to do all day of production
which is great cuz I get a little family
time now which is great what come here
come on place is out of control you
can't have a donut you can yeah look at
him being all cool he's like come on man
just one just one be no one do you know
okay so I need a change of clothes the
fire department got me guys wait till
you see they are honoring they're up to
something I gotta get back
did you just wake up you gotta mad cuz
the fire guys got me with water I was
gonna say with water no no is this
freezing cold Kane who you got
nitro what's up buddy he's licking your
ear or something
would you put some cat food in there
well Cora little Cora she loves watching
the fishies and Noah what you doing in
here did we cause they got noodles for
me
you guys want to jump wants to jump
okay it's not gonna be long before she
can actually get up here with you guys
it's gonna be like one year from now
blessed wants to jump for real let's
bust a move let him bust a move boy bust
a move
nice little you want to do a flip do you
want to do a flip flash flipping flash
flipping flash is what we'll call them
Oh welcome to the great outdoors create
out girls
welcome to the great outdoors look at
that hairline was you're killing me it's
a wrestling match to the death ladies
and gentlemen they're going at it who
will be victorious tonight who's gonna
win Empire who's gonna win okay so if
you've been watching this channel a
while you guys we drove a school bus
into the pond and it's been sitting in
the exact same spot since that school
bus was driven into the pond it was
pulled out and it's been sitting it's
time except for the bus to go to the
doctors it is heading out today to the
doctor's mom let's go get the bus we'll
go get the bus come on do you think
she's gonna run right no you gotta do is
you know wiggle a couple things there we
go so what was that
let's tell you when your air filter is
good or bad so it's good um I get some
cables we got a battery in there Brian
brought a battery brah a battery I don't
know if you guys remember the last time
we tried to start this bus but it took
forever we actually had to take the
battery out of this truck put it in that
bus so that with star so I'll be really
surprised if this thing still runs first
of all that's just impossible and crazy
like we haven't touched it I promise you
we haven't touched it what do you think
that dark spot is down there that's I
mean that's been sitting a while that's
just extra oil
all right know what's gonna start or not
start it's been in the water
yeah boss did you try is that a new
battery old battery it's a new battery
but it's saying it's love I got all
these gauges on and I'll sound good man
little fans trying it's a little fan of
could oh it's smoking you guys another
go started smoking last time that's fine
I get
well this thing's on little timer well
oh what's that thing is another method
Moss this is all just one big blur to me
bunch of cables and metal if you thought
it wasn't gonna start I think you're
right the thing is sure I did not expect
that
up on the roof what makes a fun
playground it's fun things to play with
I say we tip it up we tip it up like
this right take all the seats out turn
it into a big waterslide that you go
into the pond there's still water and
the gauges - flesh fleshy where's Noah
where's Noah where's Noah okay Noah yeah
he has no idea no idea really get in
flash get a flash get get Noah get him
get him reach for him get him you know
not me he's like I'm just gonna get
scratched instead all right guys we're
gonna try to put the bus on this trailer
I honestly don't know if it'll fit
that's like that's like they what do
they call the the stretcher that's like
the buses stretcher right there we gotta
take it to the hospital okay so this is
gonna be quite the trick we have to pull
it out because we got this I don't know
the brakes are locked up so I just
pushed it and it just pulled all the mud
with that thing but the cat moves the
bus like nothing so I'm excited about
that so we're gonna try to pull it out
of this little mud hole we got going on
here and then apparently you have to
release the brakes it's got air brakes
so there's like there's a bolt you can
just undo and it take that I don't know
what that is
apparently it's gonna try it so I go war
baby chuckle war the bus is moving these
two guys right here are so awesome I
love them like I literally love these to
watch him watch donkey watch him he's
gonna go for it
he's gonna go no you know the one that
you guys are gonna start a race oh there
we go there to go I almost missed it
come on come on race I don't oh jeez
I don't know why but the trailer looks
way too small for that boss is it that
is it gonna fit okay
so the first issue is it won't even fit
up on a trailer cuz the bumpers dragon
so we're gonna try to get this bus on an
incline instead of a decline which means
I'm just gonna push the thing into the
field and it's always something here
ready we're just gonna push it just like
this oh there we go
that is a beautiful sunset all right
really bad tripod but just in case I'm
gonna push the bus up onto that trailer
dude I don't know let's go geez school
some fashion
goodbye my love oh my gosh tall no are
you stuck
why oh my god you just got buried oh now
the trailer in the truck is stuck wow
that's gotta be the shadiest bus move
I've ever seen in my life oh well well I
never so bad your fingernails what my
sides okay then what was it Wolverine
look trying to go over my fear right
Ivany overdramatic I was a baby about it
but it really hurt Oh got him don't fall
for it game don't fall for it cane run
core is asleep by the way so you got to
kind of keep it down guys bus is leaving
for now guys that's our vlog for today
thank you so much for being a part of
our family our adventures our projects
our life I needed to just call Amber to
get her to sleep today Oh amber held her
like you're talking about the baby yeah
you tell us sorry about the baby right
now
I was just ending the vlog sorry like
all day amber comes over and holds it
for five minutes
out in her swing still out that new-car
smell
she's used to your car sir we love you
guys so much I will see you tomorrow
I am
oh my god I'll just show you tomorrow I
love you so much beautiful you're one of
a kind smile more
you
