welcome to the vlog guys it is
absolutely beautiful when we're setting
up for the race of a lifetime you ready
he breaks you free re out on the track
what today it's Goblin verse GTR and
honestly I think I know who's gonna win
only because flash told me he gave me
six Empire told me everybody knows
what's gonna happen
this thing's wicked fast like so fast
that when we took off yesterday in
yesterday's vlog I was I was like wow
like it's so fast the only thing I will
say is it doesn't have the traction the
GTR has and we're going to 1/8 mile
track so everything's about the launch
you know I don't want to feel like I'm
ripping you off but that's okay and it's
a manual so I gotta like shit yeah I'm
set this up in the Sun will be in my
eyes it's almost like the GTR is taking
all the racing skills out of the driver
because it does everything for you even
launches for you so yeah but today yes
dude you should you should do what you
do you know what I'm thinking though
like today's more about getting this on
the track then race in the GT but you
know what it's more about is we should
get Brittany and Mayer head-to-head yes
I love it here's one more race happening
today guys there is one more race
happening today country what's up buddy
you ready you got you warmed up you
tuned it you you ready to you know last
time I hit that track and the Jag man ma
did I took a beating
so let's load it up let's load it up
she's going to the track today boys
whoo what was the corner what's 8 mile
time on this guy what fuck you guys well
Jack miles will check make sure she's
filled I think you're good I think
you're good when I get on the track and
if you guys want to go for a lunch break
in time back I'll probably just be
finishing no we're doing full-on bets
you guys are gonna do it too in the
comments what is the eighth-mile time on
this guy she's got a lot of horse I
think we just tie it to the side of the
truck yeah I'll tie it up two days in a
row oh my god okay so we're going to the
drag strip gonna have a lot of fun and
Brittany's mom was like walkie Korra
here while you guys go cuz we're not
gonna be very long so we're getting it
two days in a row we're getting a little
date time no I'm so excited you're gonna
take the gt-r down there actually this
guy from gesture first thing I do is get
the gas Guler some fuel they're thirsty
she's thirsty get nervous Matt getting
that you get nervous hey wait we have to
pay for gas in my own how do you put in
this thing
only the best 87 how about your eyes it
pull we good how about this guy's going
to see the light as possible itis that's
a good point actually it's nice and cool
too so for turbo cars but you things go
in
who you think is gonna win
team team smile are you team smaller
Britney's first time at the track are
you gonna go you're gonna take the GTR
down the track you can go at your own
pace
it's cold it's called peacemakers you
take you make the pace no feeling that I
always feel you feeling fast you got
that cool air temperature said make it
for sure this is gonna smoke you I think
it might actually she said Ron I know
you see a lot of fast cars at your track
you know you've got the best of the best
cars here but have you ever had somebody
roll down the track on one of these bad
boys
actually yes and what kind of times do
they run an eighth mile can we clock
this unless you got it is like a
completely factory we did add the pond
cooler we added the pond coolant to it
it's okay let's let the games begin
have some fun let me just say how
awesome you guys look
peel off you look awesome man okay so
Matt is obviously we're gonna just test
the car he's never been at the strip
before so just go at his own pace get
comfortable rods always super helpful
here and helps understand the car and
help him with
you know getting grip on the track and
so that's where he's at right now so
they're gonna go have some fun a couple
times get used to it then we're gonna
floor it
here's my next car right here this is my
next car just kidding I would definitely
not do well in this
I feel like that's something you got to
do right there I've ever been I'll never
fit in anything at all okay so as Matt's
testing his car I'm going to run mine
down a couple times I haven't been here
for a little while and Matt just ran in
the sevens he broke 100 miles per hour
in the cloud now I'm not I am NOT a
hundred percent sure but I do not think
I've ever broken 100 miles per hour in
the eight miles so technically if that's
true he had just broke my speed which
means he would beat me so I got to run
down and see if I can break a hundred I
just don't remember
ninety-eight I just read 98 that scores
faster than mine
holy smokes that is amazing Wow he was
hookin I just raced a barber John going
down the track with me having some fun
in his new car that's so fun I did 98
I've done 99 seven for sure I don't know
what I'm doing wrong bro no wait wait
how does that work oh the speeds not so
I had slower speed but I broke the eight
mile faster yes yeah Wow I can't believe
you broke 100 though that's insane
how'd it go keep it keeping the milk
supply oh she's literally out in the
truck in the backseat pumping milk it's
so crazy
mom life so when we when we started out
I watched Matt go down he broke 100 I
immediately thought holy crap his cars
faster than mine but not even thinking I
actually ran an eighth mile faster than
him even though my time was slower that
this is really confusing slow my speed
was slower I was faster he was slower
yeah which times all the matters times
all that matters crossing that finish
line's all that matters but I'm still
trying to figure out how you break a
hundred and go slower in the heat the
launch it's all in the launch and I just
got to get these two wheels to hook up
he definitely has more this takes way
more skill level it's a complete clutch
and shift my car pretty much does
everything for you plus it's all wheel
drive so I feel like I kind of cheat
codes then like I've cheat codes
I'm gonna run manual this time and run
it all myself and see if that helps or
hurts me Toretto
yeah I'll take this side good luck so
we're doing kind of a test around here
I'm gonna run Manuel he wants to try
again so this is kind of like our first
warm-up race I'm sure if he beats me
it's gonna count so I want to try my
best
short shit maybe I redline so bad with
manual I'm so used to just going that I
didn't shift
I didn't shift shift and it cost me what
happened short shit I figured I let off
I I've read line so bad everyone yeah
yeah I'm so used to just Auto all around
back stop my red line
it's all your shifting it's his shifting
its course so fast but it's the shifting
man he's tough it's really hard I don't
have to do that
oh snap you beat him that time he was
spinning I know yeah but he redlighted
he went to a Hareton is all that but
still even if he didn't I feel like she
was come on so fast
you guys are really close under time
though
crazy I love it so fun oh my gosh
Brittany is gonna join me on this one
I'm sure this chains in the way but Zeus
isn't leaving so he's gonna hang out
with us
yo Matt's car is fast it is fast on the
track you gonna hold the cam I'll try it
run smack me in the face I love it you
ready to whoop this boy you know what
this kid
so that's very good
so as we take a break let the cars cool
down I'm looking at
your toy in our garage right there
Dominic Toretto's life you gotta get the
bumper sticker everything in this car is
wicked fast
a parachute
cheese there we go pop a wheelie time
baby that's it
let's see it
what's that feel like inside are you
just looking at the clouds so earlier
today I mentioned the race of the
century you guys probably thought it was
me and Matt but what I was really
talking about was country's bike versus
what do you want to race no John you got
his helmet he's got his helmet safety is
always number one priority yes sir all
right then I'm saying
going down who's going down you want to
take me on I did bring something I could
take you on the track with my razor
scooter think you can handle it today -
right now let's go this is a pretty fast
leg I may just get off and run man vs.
machine is doing all right man how you
feeling
feeling good feeling fast I can't even
see you did you feel that I don't know
I'm racing on scooter me hot sweaty
these two girls - so what's your name
Zoey and Zoey Chloe and they both rock
in small motors I just come running up
out of this corn come watch come watch
you ain't ready for this yeah the clutch
is bad come on man I think the clutch is
officially gone it's not moving
can you go
okay here we gotta make it go full speed
full speed that's full speed yeah I
think she's finally broke dude full
throttle full throttle
alright we may not face rods going he's
like I'm in y'all fill me fill me oh it
won't go
yo you just got roasted and she yeah we
might have to retire a little friend
here love to step it up I think it's
tough for an upgrade
so here's we're at the card basically
has a launch sequence and it's it
doesn't have a clutch you can't do
anything with the car if it won't allow
you to be in launch sequence right now
I'm locked out it has computers it's
like it's like scientific stuff so right
now because I've went down so many times
it's saying that basically I can't
launch it anymore and we've been letting
it cool now I got the hood popped and
hopefully by the way I don't know if
I've ever showed you guys the actual
motor on this thing look at this
hand-built GTRs are still hand they'll
at least the motors parts of them so
it's pretty cool so yeah I'm locked out
of my own car this thing has launch
control and has grocery control right
now it's in grocery mode right now you
can just go get groceries in it and
that's what it is until it cools down I
can't do anything all right we've waited
it out we gotta go unfortunately my car
will not allow me to race anymore it
literally shuts you out of racing so
I've been waiting we've been letting it
cool and dude your car's freakin wicked
man I don't know I don't know what we
call this today I got the fastest time
you got the fastest speed I don't know
that's crazy so technically technically
I think we both agree that neither one
of us had a solid run like each time
we'd run I'd have a problem or he'd have
a problem so how they're pretty darn
equal ok I'd say they're pretty darn
equal I'm gonna vlog that because right
now technically the GTR has the fastest
time down the track today Matt this is
your chance to beat my time if he beats
it more if he beats this time you beat
the GTR
period but either way you and I have the
fastest street-legal cars here today for
sure no one else is closed no one else
was freely Oh actually I'm so impressed
with this thing I cannot believe how
fast it is honestly it's blazing fast
all right this this could actually
this could be bad for me if Matt beats
my time and I'm a loser today which is
fine but I'm confident the GDR is gonna
hold that number for me do you think
he's gonna be me he's gonna run with
Billy's death sandwich is a beef
that right there puts the GTR number one
I think seven one I know I know that
look I know that face cuz there was my
face a few times you won't go again
yeah I heard it come on little Goblin
come on little Goblin Matt's so
determined to beat that GTR I think if
he could launch right he might be able
to do it this is it this is last run see
if he can break a seven point one that's
what I ran
come on you blurry 7.4 no big deal looks
like looks like I get to go home with
the trophy today even though my car
won't even job but I just wanna let you
know that you're looking at a winner oh
yeah I took it today barely but I took
it he just did a seven four thousand
seven one that's three hundredths of a
second or something like that here he
goes again oh baby oh I missed it missed
it
hey mare don't tell me I'm gonna do a
victory lap real quick I'll see you guys
all credit is due though man that car is
wicked fast like I just can't get over
it it's okay guys cruising back home I
hope you enjoyed whatever we just did at
the racetrack going home I think my mom
and dad are coming over and we're
hanging out and goofing off I don't know
exactly what we're doing but uh got a
little bit of drives
well it's dang shame she's gonna have to
leave here in the next six months I was
just getting used to having her oh she's
gonna do what we gonna do with your bike
we return her back to her original state
just walk it off country walk it off we
need two trumpets playing is it for all
four all red she didn't run good today
but we're gonna think we got fun too
tuner we gotta get a tune job on it you
know she still run can't kill her on a
boat light it on fire
push it out in oh it's still good I
think he's got a clutch issue and issues
issues for now she's gonna continue to
live amongst the greats
that's it never forget the baby you
saved never forget my mom and dad just
showed up what is oho either you the
Santa Claus I've been wanting to get you
one of these for a long time what is it
is it a bazooka it looks like a missile
launcher rocket launcher Matt is that a
rocket launcher box right that's for
sure a rocket launch I can't hold on yep
rocket launcher you show me you show me
you show me what it is you bring it over
I don't know what I'm opening could pop
out man seriously solid in but is this
coincidence that Matt's here and you're
pulling out some type of light long
armed rifle know what I told them this
would be good for him okay this is a
curium plate Hey one-of-a-kind by the
way what does that mean well when you
were a little boy what's the first thing
you owned in the way of rifles Red Ryder
BB gun BB guns boom pellet guns right
this is the world's largest single cock
big bore pellet gun
whoa cowboy night you said yeah you
think it's something this is not a teeny
little toy oh my gosh yeah check the
Scout complement oh hey don't get on top
of it dude that thing's a beast that's a
pellet gun yeah now check this out one
shot shot check this out oh my gosh BAM
now here's the Colt part check this out
this is a large 22 not a 177 222 Cal
check uh is this what this shoot the new
and improved like the whole time those
are men sir this thing's a whopper toys
it's a 30 caliber bullet gun whoa
something that gold Charlie look at that
okay this is sweet that's 22 then
there's another one 177 but you probably
what everyone's starting this is what
this gun shoots 30 Cal let's break it
out yeah pop it you think you got it
from here all right here we go little
explosive target and you won't
sniper-style pellet at the game on this
one okay I think this is your safety
that's that's hot
go tiny can burn a hole come on take it
off wait
cease fire okay
it sounds like a plug hitting the ground
what happens
tell me Brainiac wow that was a crack
huh sure sounds done pops if you're on
accurate red dot scope that's pretty
good
is the pellet still in it that's the
nope
pretty darn good at the beast wagon like
getting hit with a truck would you feel
safe behind this wall I'm gonna go ahead
and say with it's not going through it's
just a pellet gun
yeah probably is gonna go through it's
gonna it's gonna at least splinter out
so you Pete you see people duck behind
the walls I feel safe totosai yep oh god
cover your eyes
I saw would come out the other I'm not
safe anymore
that would definitely Wow straight
through okay that's a beast pellet gun
we all just got to walk away we all just
got ball and we're she's not camera shy
oh you guys playing hide and seek with
the cats so what you hide nature and the
nose got final about yeah back there
back there is a good hiding spot hmm
come on hunter they're playing hide the
kitten as a veterinarian I can't stand
for this okay I cannot put up my to call
this in to the border hi illegal
activity Kane that's the problem as the
cat moves during hide-and-seek he cheats
he's a cheater dr. Jones
I'll give you your weapon back little
soldier little blue get back oh I just
missed the most important part of this
conversation mayor and math decided to
go paddleboarding we're about to sign
I'm assured you guys the new lights eat
on the pond it's so cold out that the
water is warmer and it's steaming so
this looks like a horror movie got to
show you guys the pond tonight it looks
amazing we got these new lights on it
too it's really cool okay check out the
pond guys it looks crazy whoa boom look
at that we can play all night the
coolest part it's so cold out that it's
smoking like foggy that's better
look at that that is cool looks like hot
tub but it's freezing how come you don't
swim flash I thought you're gonna be a
swimmer but you don't this doesn't get
in the best he gets is up to his belly
so far Zeus would be living in it it
would be so hard to get him out of that
water okay so my dad came over tonight
you guys knew he brought us the pellet
rifles and then he also brought these
giant paddle boards that he got at the
show and uh Matt Mira you gotta go right
you're pumped you go on say can I just
say look how happy they are look how
happy they are okay
we're rigging them up we got the tail
fins on these are pretty awesome
actually look at that it's huge nine
foot six nine foot six boards okay so
the reason we got the night's the night
the reason we got the light so that we
can film all night out here for any
reason I was like let's see odds that
we're actually gonna be out here at
night and here we are already out here
like at night what is wrong
with me you can see steam you can see
steam coming off the top of the fountain
it's amazing unfortunately I got to turn
it off can't swim without mom hate the
rules but they're the rules watch us
whoa dude look at this pond it doesn't
even look it looks like clouds the GoPro
mount with the underwear is gold feels
like you just a real-life battlegrounds
player dude you're going dude it's gonna
be ways you go off the dock ya know cuz
that how you gonna be able to stand up
there completely backwards you need to
go the other way okay that's the back of
the board
I'm telling you off this dock is gonna
be easier let me help you buddy he's got
it man I'm telling you gotta go off the
dock I'm telling you okay all right
Brett's got you is this not how like a
Freddy Krueger movies gonna start come
on guys let's go paddle boarding in the
steamy pond oh geez Matt's gone he's up
you guys are so natural mayor's in her
full clothes jump on this
you guys can park at the trampoline and
jump together I know I feel like we need
to start throwing things at him like a
horror movie
we need super scary music ten ten ten
ten ten she's getting sucked in the shoe
sittin sucked in it's one of the moments
where I I don't want to record all of it
but if I stop recording and they fall
I'm gonna feel really bad that I missed
it
don't fall right now they're doing
really good they're doing great perfect
is she standing up oh you guys are good
why are you guys so good at it I have
yet to be in this pond I'm not trying to
potable you've never got in the head
always in this thing I don't know yes
can you I pawned it and we get in it
wait until the winter time that was a
nice dismount oh wow he's a pro I don't
care what anybody says this just says
horror movie written all over it
look at the moon you got the lights in
the smoke it looks like a set to a
really low budget movie I'm just waiting
for an arm to come out of the water grab
mer polar Under you know I think floats
really well do it Bret come on live a
little it's only it's only about four
she's deep there they both did it didn't
even get wet didn't even get wet your
head to the top buddy
the tower is uh if you watch it I think
it should it just says why we got our
drop tower added we're now eighteen and
a half feet from the water come on flash
come on bud come on come on come on
buddy
he loves it up here did you see what
this looks like on camera look at that
do it all the way to the top
how's it feel did you jump in the water
from here really okay Noah now it's time
to end the vlog officially say goodbye
we have wrapped up for the day and it
was a great day so happy to provide you
guys and you guys are else mom you gonna
have dreams they're trying to pass me in
that huh did you pass I'm pretty sure
you pass me my yeah we weren't racing
that that was just we never got a good
race where we were side by side going
fast both of our fastest times
we're separately but both of our fastest
times we were doing I think was not by
yourself oh I am so confused right now
either way um they were neck-and-neck
they were neck-and-neck cars 100% we
love you guys so much thank you so much
for hanging out with us being a part of
our vlogs we will see you tomorrow Cain
say bye we love you guys so much we'll
see you tomorrow you're beautiful you're
one of a kind
you
