hello hello to the vlog guys got my
girls rock star style status how you go
from wet to in a bun that's it easy
that's why I go ahead I go from wet to
hack it's the lazy wet it's the lazy
dream anyway guys welcome to the vlog
going to the air actually watched
yesterday's vlog I got in really late
last night surprised the family they
knew I was coming but I was able to come
home very quickly because today I have
to finish production for my big project
which works out great because I have to
finish it today 2 and a half hours away
from here so I'm gonna drive there but
we're gonna pick up some friends from
the airport right now for the next
couple days that were filming with this
block long they're all hard to speak to
me
dier Richmond you wish that was your jet
you wish
keep dreaming dirt boy man yeah so beard
to being alone the fort down here with
the baby Cora
and she's growing so fast the kids are
growing so fast
see ya head in the airport right now
pick up some friends and then we're
gonna grab a bite to eat and then we got
a shoot too while Kentucky Earth sends
you something I'm going to the airport
and I'm not leaving so girls get to pick
up some friends I love it I want to be
coming to this Airport with you headed
somewhere really secluded okay so a
quick hint before I show you who's here
if you've seen the car that's sitting in
my garage that is the clue on who I'm
about to grab and go to Cincinnati it's
a dead giveaway right yeah are you
concentrating on where we're supposed to
go I mean you know how lost I am doing
all the airport stuff without you by the
way what we check two bags one of them
is not here we don't know they just sent
our text and says it's not here it's
gonna be on the next looks like we're
going to dollar shirts okay let the bets
begin whose bag is that you're terrible
by the way where's your bag they could
pick it up later I'm gonna say that it's
your bag because you got the girls
it's the way ah man this is it oh dang
it's actually great yeah okay good news
is their bag is coming in about two hour
and a half so Britney and mares gonna
grab it soon boom if she don't get out
of her speeding tickets you do it was
just smile you know that's what it was
he's intimidation because I had to come
home late last night to get back to
Cincinnati for this big project Matt
it's gonna come along with me Mira and
Britt are gonna stay here go get her
suitcase and then of course go rescue
Cora yeah go rescue our good news is I
have to stay there tonight we need to
come home late tonight so I will see you
just need money give me money I got it
bye ladies
we'll see you tonight you're shopping
high country there's only one rule today
no getting pulled over listen if you do
you get out of two tickets in two days I
will buy you a number two to four to get
it okay so we are headed to Cincinnati
Ohio a couple hour drive got country got
Matt Baume my buddy Dennis is gonna be
here Dale my brother John Dale my
brother and John even my dad's gonna be
here we are finishing up this part of my
project I've been working on and it's
gonna be really cool that everybody's
here with me for this part basically I
can't show you much but I will show you
actually I can tell you a little bit
about this this
the family we took to the Bahamas is
it's for five year anniversary of
beating cancer and at five years it's
where you really know and you have
almost a hundred percent chance of not
getting cancer it's a huge big thing and
we are basically surprising her with a
giant anniversary party when she has no
idea about so probably will miss the
emotional great parts for the vlog but
that's what we're doing right now and
I'm so excited to be doing it and
bringing some of my friends along with
me it's gonna be awesome my dad has
given her one of his paintings that he's
painted he's here's the thing we went to
Hawaii months months months and months
ago a fan one of you guys brought some
paint-by-numbers paintings for the kids
the next day my dad's out on the out on
the deck just painting all these the
kids things like you know I haven't
painted for 20 years and because of
those paint by colors he now paints
every day since right back and it
brought it whoever brought this I wish I
wish I knew but yeah he's painting like
phenomenal work now it's wild so we're
on our way to do this guy's and
obviously off film what I can and done
it's gonna be we have made it in my dad
beat me here I still love it every time
I see this car puts a smile on my face
look at that guy you ready to do this
I'm totes ready we're gonna change this
girl's life my bro here John Dennis and
his mom are on the way and I kind of
want to show you guys something what can
I show them stretch yes Pat nice
bathrooms country did you see that candy
rack in there see I went over there and
I reached Justin just to taste it yeah
don't you touch that kid who was that
who did this to you they not told her I
said hey you know she's right I have to
wait for the kids to Matt's a lot of fun
to hang out with
that was only halfway only halfway there
waiting for all the big surprise to
happen we are kind of waiting for
families and friends to pull up look at
this room this is what we need
how many cool toys could you put in here
just pull in bigger is better this has
to be that means I'm the best really our
friends forever I'll take the trash can
off there we go
yes oh it is on
pushing contest I just pushed Matt to
here that's a pretty good punch well you
know I slipped I just had popcorn it's
windy in here you know countries now
country's gonna push him see if he can
beat him touch me I'll say it's very
even pushing the better oh I didn't have
that oh my god come on it's gonna hit
the wall yeah it is about time I want I
wanted it to go in this is like a hanger
okay here goes Dale's push still going
good
so that's 2 3 cha-cha-cha check right it
looks good but he's soft around the
edges my hands just mushed right off his
back
oh I see you took your shoes off for
them my push he slid on there dry dad's
gonna push me yeah we're gonna set the
record remember you can't cross that
line I'm gonna cross a line on whether
you break the rules if you back him up
and get the wheels straight first see
right now they're all I know I had to
store it inside that line I'll sit all
right there you go never one else was on
the line so here we go are you ready
ready
hold tight come on push y'all ready I
think we got a winner here John watch
out Oh victory countries get you drag
your feet we're gonna launch Roman
don't try at home
doubles doubles it's not bad mom you get
on there oh geez no it just keeps
getting better we go create teams right
now okay three of us a mother
make sure hold the plot I know I gotta
do the left cheek first and then hold on
to me hold on okay Oh Matt's on country
we film this oh there you go there you
go
listen I want to let you know Nitro
Circus ain't doing these stunts no when
the cameras come out someone's about to
happen guys we're warping for hours and
hours of production but I just came up
with an idea because actually we did
tomorrow is the Tim McGraw Faith Hill
Angelina Brad concert
I think that exactl Wars gonna be there
Macklemore it's just a big show and we
can Matt and I were discussing it
Brittany really wants to start
Brittany really wants us to happen I
think she's yeah Brittany we really
don't do it we don't love Brittany we
she wants us to go out tomorrow and go
full cowboy I'm talking here
sure pants cowboy boots Spurs the whole
nine yards first so much when he came to
take his country lost his license from
the police police laughing that's not
sure he did really well but here's what
I'm thinking like yeah me and Matt we're
Cowboys well we can roll it off for sure
that's but we got one person in the car
and his name is a country you telling me
you're not gonna go full country on
Earth here's what I'm gonna say who
wants to see right now tell me in the
comments who wants to see country go
full country I'm talking I want bandana
around the neck I want I want a piece of
straw
I want cowboy trying to hear me I want
this to be like him he would just ride a
horse to the venue - that would really
make if you could pull up on a pony bro
people make the mini donkey would work
as well we've got Empire this is a bit
over there so I just need to hear from
you are you in or out
oh you know how about two choices you
can go as a cowboy or a full-blown rap
artists like bandana backwards knotted
in the front gold chains all nine yards
all right all right I think it needs to
happen we got look we got to make it fun
going to a concert that's the country
there's not much left country this one
I feel like this vlog camera is a
powerful weapon against you no I'm not
doing it I'm not doing it hey guys
what's up comes you yeah I'll do it
listen man I think you just look great
in it it's gonna pull it off with you
you're on work mode but you can meet
cowboy and we're Cowboys are good
workers
so you gonna work his cowboy Domo
what's the matter baby looks Jew listen
did I wake you up now wake you up so
flush she's still here your baby your
baby's still here
I kept doing I kept it safe protected
yeah Ben it's a folder for the mirror
you know I don't know how that happened
I bet my donkey came in and like rubbed
his head on it so we're here country how
you how you holding up buddy why you
truck were you trying to scare me again
I need to literally just film every time
I come up she always tries to scare me
no it's never on camera we brought some
balloons for the kids and a sword sleeve
I know it was a long drive nope she's
awake that mares awake it was a long
drive actually a couple hours we're back
home everything's great
I promise you tomorrow there's no
production so it will be just a normal
blog for you guys I'm gonna end it right
now say goodbye we love you you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind smile
you
