bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump
hi beautiful
Sheila actually looks like she's seen a
shark welcome to the vlog guys how the
heck are you getting a bit of a late
start today we got steaks to go look at
this country just brought these over
delicious my girls here looking good
smut you don't give us no smile yeah the
middle one you're trying to hide it Bret
how you feeling feeling good can mr.
gamer boy can you believe how much she's
changing you remember the weight the
actual weight for Cora was like a
lifetime for us even for the vlogs it
was every day like we thought she was
coming and she did and now she's already
6 weeks plus old and it's just blowing
our minds
Boxey like what is that crazy red
looking box thing there's just there's
no thought like no thought she doesn't
know red she doesn't know Fox she
doesn't know anything it's like what are
you looking at like what wouldn't you as
a baby I wish we could just remember
something so before we get too deep in
this vlog yesterday told you guys I was
gonna attempt to use a brand new vlog
camera and get a bigger camera more of a
DSLR style to 6500 but I tested it a
whole bunch today and it was a little
shaky and I don't know if I'm doing
something wrong I've got Image
Stabilizer on regardless I didn't like
it as much as this camera so for now I'm
just gonna continue to roll with this
which is a brand new Canon camera and
hopefully it looks good I feel like it
does give you all the coolest toys
speaking of new toys we did not show
them yesterday the big delivery that
came your new toy would even show them
it's too soon
Britany I don't have today not sure we
don't know if they're ready to be shown
or we should keep it a surprise how did
you even get it in the garage so we've
been like I've got the GTR which you
know you guys know was a gift and
Britney's been wanting a toy of her own
something she can race so she got what
do you mean call this Brett what do you
call it your cart you're a race car
go-kart what do you call this thing
look what's its name what's her name is
it a boy or a girl is it a boy or a girl
and then I'm gonna show I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna show you guys her new toy
this thing is the most ridiculous thing
I've ever seen you know what it looks
like it looks like the thing from rocket
League or like a like an RC you guys
ready here we come
here I come with the camera Babu look at
that car dude what is that so I'll have
to drive here hop out I'm gonna scout
the drive really so you're gonna take
the the trailer bars off and drag this
thing or what
come on start it I want to see it I want
to smell that new car smell I'm gonna be
honest I think it's fitted in the GTR
like this is the coolest little car ever
I mean the GTR is nice but this is cool
you don't tell him you want telling the
truth that Matt built this car for you
and then shipped it to us and it's all
ours and he's never getting it back this
is not our car as much as I want it to
be it is so beautiful this is Matt's car
from demolition
branch from off the ranch from vet ranch
- pizza's good with ranch this is Matt's
father it is absolutely beautiful and
he's either suit it's two things Matt is
either super crazy for sinning in here
or I haven't done pranks for so long
that he didn't even think that I would
do something to it he just trusts me
which one do you think it is so yeah
this is math car and I'm just so excited
to play with this thing he shipped it
here it came on a semi truck yeah look
he's already got GoPro mounts it's just
a beast man I'm so excited it's turbo
it's wicked fat I think we should drive
you think it would win you don't know
kiver she you guys here are pet cricket
names jiminy so what should we do I feel
like I feel like okay I'm not gonna lie
Matt call me but dude take it for rides
drive it take the kids down the road
whatever you want and I told him I was
like I honestly don't want to touch this
car it is beautiful and I don't want to
do but I feel like we almost have to
take I wouldn't even know it's
definitely what we could teach you he
could teach you over the phone FaceTime
them see I wouldn't be in got it started
that's all why is the fan still running
Matt what are you doing to me dude Brent
we need cooler toys look at that so this
is the mystery machine right now what
are we doing with it what can we do with
it it's like it's like our toy for a
while so I don't know it's whoo my god
you gotta say Matt if you're watching
this it looks good in the garage buddy I
mean look how pretty it sure looks great
in here oh how was it how's that look
I've worked in the kitchen for hours
steak potato wipe it off what's your
sure how baby you did so good I know oh
you're such a you're such a lady who's
over here squeaking is that you Kane is
that you squeaky you squeaking I love
you Korra rah rah rah hang on baby
hang on Vitt do you guys slow that thing
down you were going too fast
pull over you guys are looking at what's
going to be become our future little Jim
down here I know it looks rough it looks
pretty bad but that's kind of why we
show you these things to show you the
progression I mean you remember how the
pond start it's just a giant dirt hole
and now it's becoming something so fun
I'm pretty but this is the start
boom is that what you're supposed to do
on a treadmill this is all this is all
been sitting down here so lot you got it
really get it what's this
come on I got I got treadmill plus
weights it's a good idea you can you can
double your workout time no well most
people do like hand weights not like a
you're going so slow right there on this
oh my gosh yeah tens better 12th even
better don't you dare don't hurt
yourself oh I thought you hit 12 thighs
like a jog oh my god
I feel like he's gonna fall honey you
need help so you're stepping it up well
you got to start light you just had a
baby all you need to do is like a little
cardio weight it's also how you become
bedridden these are so sore you can't
even pick up Cora that surfboard
yesterday holy crap guys so sore I've
been walking around limping I haven't
really showed you in a vlog because I
sound like a baby but it killed me it
like destroyed my body
I'm not 56
first of all do remembers this is you'd
have to be a longtime viewer who
remembers when this was the actual smile
more store right here this whole these
two lone Ranger's still lasting down
here we need to take them out to the
store they've been here the longest
they've been here since we started I I
definitely don't feel like I could
exercise and vlog at the same time
because all I want to do is goof off
like she does I pull the camera I'm like
what can i goof off with what can i I
don't take it serious when I'm vlogging
I try to entertain too much rather than
actually physically make myself better
twenty of them right now I'll buy you
new Mercedes it's three be honest how
honest she do you feel since the baby
like totally you depend LD twenty yeah
gonna rebuild restructure okay guys well
quickie wiki but a good look I'm already
going to sit down here sit down
Ricky buddy goody today guys thanks for
hanging out with us this is all we have
today we are gonna wrap it up down here
get ready for tomorrow we got a bunch of
stuff happening and then a whole week of
mayhem following tomorrow so everything
should continue to be a lot of fun and I
hope you enjoyed just Brittany and I
really quick today yeah it's actually
time to to do something down here we
love you guys so much thanks for all the
support all the likes the shares sending
these vlogs to your friends and families
people that need uplifted maybe a little
inspiration
a little positive mindset for you we
love you you're beautiful you're one of
a kind smile more
you
