welcome to the vlog guys look at this
place look at this ridiculous place it
has already been quite sunny it's
beautiful it just stopped raining
actually but it's been quite the morning
oh thank goodness my boot my boats still
there man it made it through the storm
guys welcome first of all welcome to the
Bahamas we're only here for today so
we're gonna try to make it count we've
already taken our family that we brought
your two dolphins today
Linda okay you've been helping me you're
a dolphin expert I got one question can
a dolphin do a flip over me in one of
those kayaks I'm pretty sure Sasha could
flip over you in the kayak and then jump
back oh how impossible would that be to
actually do that impossible Sasha's
pretty do you think we could do it today
not today
oh I knew that was coming
I was inching towards it anyway I was
gonna try yeah okay Sasha and then we
had like this crazy rainstorm
and that puts us right here where we're
at right now we have a quick break
before we continue shooting for this big
project we're gonna grab some food we
have not eaten today at all how do they
build these walls like how I know
nothing about building that how do you
build walls in the ocean this is the bay
this is what these doors guys give me
five I'm gonna make you begin to the
bomb at Atlantis
always plugging this reading I'm baffled
by these type of plays this place
reminds me of Vegas in the Caribbean
like you're surrounded by the ocean it's
like ocean Vegas it's like the best
world ever like I have an aquarium right
check out this place it's aquarium it
goes all the way around the entire place
is that is that fish tank Todd bishop
imagine have an aquarium so big that you
actually personally have to get in it to
clean it I love it that's awesome
what a job so what kind of fish you
think is in here everything I mean
there's a shoe man in there is nothing
but you things any sharks in here take a
look around
there's definitely I feel like we're
just like under the ocean and the
biggest look at this big dog right here
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun speak to
him speak to him fish whisperer oh are
you doing dude okay he can't get it oh
my gosh look at this pizza
look at this beats the sprinkles and
chocolate yo come out every time I come
out we just go completely look this is
the top of the aquarium imagine like you
go I want to come outside and look at my
quick ah so we're inside I'm thinking
why the heck we inside we only have one
day in the Bahamas and we have like 30
minutes before we have to film the next
it's going on this place is magical just
magical which my kids were here I wish
our kids were in here just look and I'm
a little blown away by this place guys
it was like one of the craziest resorts
I've ever seen and just over there is
the real famous like waterslide that you
drop down through the shark tank like
you go under the water it's crazy I
gotta check that out
here we go right here the ocean baby
where's all the people where's all the
people
where's on yellow look at this beautiful
beaches no people how are you I got 20
minutes mom there's some GTA stuff and
just grab that baby and go shoot we get
island hot man just island hopping oh
this is awesome guys I hate being here
without my feels so weird even though
I'm here 99% to work it's like it's
still just I'm here it's just a weird so
I've never been a place like this
without my family almost oh wait wait
there yet but
I don't know if you realize you know I'm
just talking to the bird it's this
Mumbai yeah he's a bird whisperer animal
whisperer fish whisperer I'm getting in
you get in like we only gonna be here
right now
hey I got my swim hog let's go I'm
getting in I'm going I'm jumping we got
like ten minutes left I'm getting in
that water I still think you should get
in on this I think that water's just
calling you
you gotta get in
with the biggest smile on your face ever
really I swear come on dude get in with
me oh no pressure but let's go do I
regret it you're gonna be so happy
let's go as bulldoze our way in there
that's why I need ya look at that water
let's go three two one yes right heaven
on earth right here y'all I finally
found a bike you can ride on the water
you need it this guy down here cleaning
the sand out of here okay guys look at
this people go through they go up this
big sliding and they come through here I
think oh my god what look at these guys
just sleeping up there what
that is amazing did you go through the
shark tank on rafts look at these guys
oh we need to do that pan back to
business just like that we're in it job
hey buddy what's up I figure I might as
well shoot some behind-the-scenes in
this crazy project but how you how you
enjoying my baby
hey hey you enjoying that camera pretty
nice man it's making me sweat a little
though so hot we're on the move moving
and grooving stick new driver you're a
half old
think you can get that in your suitcase
we can take it home you can confetti oh
yeah you just pull that little beautiful
tree up take it back to well hop what
about pong that's it you know tree
service is that the business woman
that's what we do tree service all we'd
have to do is every winter we'd have to
pull it out put it in a basement bring
it I think that's a real thing I think
you can really do that I don't know
maybe I could be wrong side probably all
right guys I did not do a very good job
vlogging while I've been here but I did
attempt some backflips on this crazy jet
board
Mecca is insane it's so fun I tried this
a long time ago in st. Thomas it's
actually in the vlogs a very long time
ago
it was one of the dreams of one of the
kids I brought here to do this and I had
a chance to get about 20 minutes on it
so much fun very difficult and I really
wanted to just say hey I'm gonna try a
backflip on this thing the guy said
they're very difficult takes takes guys
hours and hours and hours and hours to
learn how to do it I had about 20
minutes so this is my fails in my
attempts
is so close the master I'm making flips
don't believe when oh thank you got it
so close
so Roman doesn't know I got this camera
and I'm recording you but I have to say
since I've been with Roman in extremists
he's doing all types of things how
difficult being effective being you
pretty much the best in the world you
are the best in the world at what you do
how hard is it to do that flip
for you to test you it's a different
kind of live it's really difficult and
it's mentally it's the biggest thing
Grayden Roman how he did that flip what
were you grade them on the first try
doing it as the numerous tries what were
you grade them Meg I was super proud of
cuz I thought he had he-man he was like
hitting the water but he was there
really always going to do is stop the
landing those five parts to it he's four
out of five
hey much respect to you man you made
that look like an art man it was an
honor to meet you today May appreciate
you y'all don't come don't drop my baby
don't go oh my gosh that's risky
business right there's a lot of money
sitting look at these guys I miss I miss
you I just missed the greatest
excitement ever Kane is freaked out it's
me bud I'm coming home soon one more day
daddy sure misses you I just just
wrapping up my shoot today
we just wrapped our shoe and we bout to
go shower up and while my camera is
almost dead today palm trees okay guys
warming up to the hotel room I got to
show you this view I've been drying my
shorts is probably a no-no I don't see
anybody else hanging clothes off the
building but I got it I got to show you
what's right off my balcony it is
ridiculous
look at this right off my balcony look
this is my rail and then right below our
sea turtles friggin sea turtles and then
in this one let me zoom in sharks sharks
in the water look at them I just don't
know if it gets any better like I love
you guys know I love the ocean first of
all sunshine I live in Ohio so I
appreciate this big time with all that
being said guys I want to just listen to
me thank you for everything I know that
as I'm shooting this project the vlogs
can be confusing and I'm away from my
family and it's just it's just a lot
going on right now it takes away from
the vlogs a little bit which really you
know to me vlogs are everything to me so
it really stinks even for me working on
this project for that reason you guys
have been incredibly patient I get to go
home which is amazing very soon but I
just want to say thanks for sticking
around you know
matter what whether it's you know I
always say whether it's boring exciting
I'm away I'm traveling them at home you
guys are here especially at this point
in the vlogs and I'm sorry that the boys
are a little confusing because I'm not
filming everything because the project
is filming a lot so I don't want to take
away from that all of that aside I just
want to say that are my little Twitter
video idea about the demolition derby is
quickly turning into the biggest YouTube
event of all times it is massive we're
making news stations we're making they
are see celebrities starting to weigh in
on wanting to be a part of the
demolition derby I'm seeing it go to my
Twitter and you can see the current list
of confirmed drivers for this demolition
derby we're moving to four heats 40
demolition drivers it's absolutely
insane it's growing out of control and
it's going to take a lot of work and
most of these youtubers are putting in
efforts to try to help in there there
they're asking me if I need anything so
we're gonna all I am gonna be working
like crazy to to find the arenas to find
the car build to to figure this all out
make it huge make it may be the biggest
charity event out of YouTube Tube let's
make this thing massive just want to
thank you guys for spreading the word
about the demolition derby I mean every
youtuber said I've never even spoken to
have hit me up and said y'all got me be
a part of this and it's so exciting to
me that I don't know it's exciting to
see youtubers just coming together and
wanting to do something together even
you know there's youtubers on the list
that have had drama and beef together
and it's just like everyone's just like
let's have fun like let's let's bash
into each other with cars it's great
that's a lot of talking out of me guys I
am actually don't beat me up over this
I'm gonna in my blog right now it's not
even completely dark out but I hate to
admit this I'm exhausted I am today we
went really hard and I'm technically
shooting two shows right now I'm
shooting this project that I'm shooting
this vlog and it's it's really hard to
manage its like a weird balance so
thanks for being here you guys I love
you so much we'll see uh we'll see ya
tomorrow and see you over on Twitter I
love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind that was bad
you
