hey guys welcome to the vlog kind of a
weird spark yeah kind of a weird spot
for me to be starting the vlog I'm at
the Cincinnati Zoo right now southern
Ohio it's absolutely beautiful if you
follow my channel you know I'm working
on a big project big surprises for
families in need or really just families
that deserve a massive give back today I
surprised a girl and her family with an
epic trip we're about to hop in this SUV
country we're gonna make our flight dude
seriously hit me John how's the flight
look you get what Stephen whoa you gotta
put the pedal to the metal we're gonna
miss this flight yeah speeding so guys
we've been filming all morning
absolutely emotional beautiful I love it
since the nice southern Ohio it's just
like right nicer than Columbus because
you got that southern weather I swear
it's always sunnier here all right off
to the airport what you doing so today
yet again is maybe mostly travel but
we're going to a very cool spot one of
my favorite spots to ever travel to this
project is one of those things I'm
working on that it kills me not to show
you guys what we're doing how do you
think today went mad today was amazing
I was not seen country books good so
it's so exciting I told you guys in
yesterday's water I can't wait to just
be able to hand this project to you guys
and let you see it all it's it's it's so
deep into the works right now and we
still got a long time feels so much it's
hurry up and wait I want to get that
t-shirt hurry up and wait I got is such
a good teacher for me
welcome to Kentucky Kentucky so here we
go these all cameras yeah you guys
really need all those cameras we're off
the whole crew everybody's going on this
trips gonna be amazing I thought there
was gonna be lines my passport photo
country is so bad I gotta show you guys
maybe I have before this is it's gotta
be the camera right oh my I'm
embarrassed I look like a criminal
actually did you check your bag you
check that you got nothing you're not
gonna free massage let's take a look
here all right
you didn't bring guns no flameboy
explosives sharp see that one that's
where it gets you the ring this mistake
last time was fine but no more so no no
hammers tools you dip clubs they
considered I think you're good on that
okay
all right what is it what is it before
you look at the sign what is it
some amethyst right he's gotta be
Woollett wooly mammoth from Ice Age
remember what's his name and American
Mastodon what the extinct cousin of
today's elephants dang you imagine that
thing chasing after your car are we
gonna have to change the name of this
place right Natalie's should be
country's candy candy jar you're not
Natalie oh man see we wait you came here
to meet Natalie try a jelly ring call
Bob I've never had one of my life what
she just said yes you can
seriously I'm serious you just said yeah
this guy you gotta try nah what is it
you've had these before I had this
chocolate baby chocolate and it has all
jelly and chocolate oh you don't like it
no I got but that's raspberry don't that
he I never had raspberry so good
all right guys what is it what is it
what is that that's rude ah now Rudolph
it's a that thing is huge what is that
any guesses what is that John caribou
it's a stag moose all right here we go
we got to fly to Atlanta your favorite
Airport we're going to Atlanta dude we
lucked out we own the plane so here we
go we're gonna do a quick travel
sequence and then we'll see in Atlanta
see guys and I bother felt bad she had
no idea she didn't even ever know this
guy
it could be your demolition car right
there man that's the least you could
drive right to get rid of the red bike
demo of this if people would cry I would
honestly cry watch now that's it we made
it to Atlanta guys Lana Georgia we're
here for a layover we're here for two
hours maybe less we're gonna grab some
food maybe and I don't know we're doing
the airport thing the airport vlog sighs
it smells sour like white really this is
gonna be the last we're wearing these
hoodies man it's about the yeah you have
to step off that plan ago hey what's
going on I know I was like where's she
yeah where's Kane where's my little
monster
are we frozen oh is he playing games
make him say hi to Daddy hi buddy what's
up man
do you miss me I miss you so I see you
got orangie on your chair right there I
should have took one of your guys to
sleep with well I love you I'm about to
get on my plane where's my little
princess
oh hi Cora hi baby
oh she is that well I love you guys like
crazy Thanks
I just figured out you can move your
screen around I love you I know you're
doing a million things so I'm gonna let
you go I gotta go get on my flight all
right I love you guys like crazy give
everybody hugs for me I miss you too bye
baby
oh yes this weather is way better
yeah his own private plane dude welcome
to the Bahamas baby I'm gonna heat it
feels so nice beautiful higher I gotta
say maybe we don't you can see the stars
out here I only make it about another 8
hours from crying miss my kids predict
everything welcome to the Bahamas I'm
excited man I've been on a plane all day
cooped up my legs are tight that's from
a surfboard
still sore about about such a baby Ryan
wrote it no problem no soreness just
owned it as soon as you cross this path
country you become a champion
do it there you go you're in get him a
plaque you don't think somebody's gonna
come get it before we come back let's
just see we're gonna be here in a few
months
okay country's gonna put a jolly rancher
in the hands of the wooden statue and
you really think it's gonna be there
when we get back okay you know why I
know it's not gonna be there because I
just blogged it somebody's gonna come
get it if you come get this Jolly
Rancher I want to see a picture of it
because that will be hilarious but you
got to pose with the wooden figures so I
know it's you okay but you can't be all
nervous and shy because I pulled my
camera guys I want you to meet joseline
and Freddy the rapper did you guys think
I just asked you a question when I
showed up today did you think that in
the same day you would go from Ohio to
the Bahamas
have you ever been here are you excited
it's gonna be the time of your life and
I can't wait to be a part of it
whoo I don't want to give too much up to
these guys oh we're about to have a
crazy trip crazy country we're on the
wrong side of the road is it weird
are you coming at us and the turning is
so weird so weird all right guys
obviously bouncing around like crazy
today I don't know what to say I'm gonna
trip Boston Brussels sprouts Brussels
sprouts for the first time ever Harry a
hoodie just heated missed the whole yeah
the whole thing like that yeah
been a long day of travel multiple
flights I got the big flaming yawn it's
super thick no I'm showing you this one
we made it here guys we brought this
family here they're about to have a
life-changing experience we think buddy
you ready dig in you earn this today man
you earned this I'm super excited right
now I'm only doing this to ask me to
looks good all right guys dinner is wrap
my lens is actually fogging it's so hot
out and it's late it's almost midnight
already I got to show you guys these
boats these are like dream yachts look
at these guys just pull up with their
boats and they fit here they eat they
play at Atlantis look at this place oh
my god that's that's an island on the
water right there but you can't even not
not smile when you see it oh and look at
this guy and how much do you think that
boat is how much you think that but
let's see if we get a name on the side
of the boat I'll look it up I want to
say 50 million at least
yeah I'd say more I would say I would
say about 65 dude he's got a basketball
hoop on his boat all right guys I got to
be honest with you the reason I'm here
in the Bahamas
don't tell Brit because she'll be upset
I spent well everybody I know combined
we put all our money together and we
bought a yacht back into this thing
what just got a casual casual wave
runner hanging out I'm just gonna say it
I'm proud every single person right here
that owns these boats that's another
level that's another level right there
that's like I don't know what you do to
earn that type of money that's a
different that's like oil tycoon stuff
that's like love your boat
very nice might be her boat I don't know
you never know look say hey want some
right my boat no no no not this one even
that even at all honestly I'll be just
happy with some palm trees in my house
man that's that's I'm a simple guy you
know I like the simple things in life
got my kids my crazy backyard
my little dog flash and a palm tree
that's not actually we just die
instantly I don't live in the right area
for palm trees but you guys know I love
them say goodbye to your boat country
goodbye boat alright guys warping up to
the room thanks for coming here with me
I know it's a much of a travel vlog and
it is what it is I don't know what to
say we are uh it's crazy we're only here
for one day tomorrow we're here to film
just the most crazy day for this family
and I cannot wait to show you guys this
stuff it's something I've been working
on for such a long time you guys know
I've been doing this you know the secret
project forever and it's just it's so
much and I just can't wait to hand it
over to you guys
thanks for being a part of it I know the
vlogs are I know the vlogs aren't
exactly what you want them to be you
know I'm not home with the family and
trust me believe me I want to be home
with the family too more than anything
so thanks for just being here and part
of all of this that I do we love you
guys you are absolutely incredible this
demolition-derby thing by the way has
exploded and blown up I've got every
I've got more youtubers than I've ever
even spoken to coming to want to do this
so I'm gonna try to figure all this out
it's super exciting and I'm thrilled to
pull this off and I know it's gonna be
huge and fun and it's gonna be a huge
give back we're gonna raise a ton of
money for charities we're gonna make
this legit and just thanks for being a
part of that and sharing it for me we
love you guys so much tomorrow is going
to be absolutely insane and I you know I
always apologize for not being able to
show you everything but it is for a
bigger project that you will eventually
get to see and I'm just so pumped to
show you we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
