the car is here they are here I got to
go welcome to the vlog guys this is the
worst sound in my house right here it is
the sound of Daddy's suitcase I got to
go once again I love you guys best
friend my big man big man little guy you
always tackle me oh I love you baby my
best party ok my captain you know
everything I'm doing is to help other
people ok see you hang out here with
mommy and play some games and kora and
Noah bye beautiful I love you sweetie I
love you I went to grab my shoes and
they are almost ignant let me see the
size difference all those uh these Noah
shoes you're getting so big dude look at
that like when you just go in there I'm
like where's my shoes off I love you
guys so so so much I see you super soon
ok my Beautiful's plural huh ham we're
off Ohio is nasty right now guys it's
been rainy and gloomy and just muddy
doo-doo-doo-doo fully automatic squirt
gun action leaving and sacrificing time
away from my family so that I can try to
better somebody else's family always
sounds crazy when I'm leaving but once
I'm there and I've done it it always
feels like the right thing to do I know
I'm gonna miss you too you better
believe I will blue I can't call you
blue eyes you're beautiful alright don't
let none of the other puppies tell you
different you ready for this you guys
ready for this ok I got a question how
is it that I just met you in Los Angeles
you were driving me and now you're in
Ohio I had to come see you again
loses who's this hooded man in front of
me who is this somebody's can't leave
you can't you're not gonna leave I know
you're not gonna leave I know you're
gonna stop I know you got super on and
you're gonna be here it's never easy to
leave like I always is it's hard but man
the pets make you actually feel guilty I
remember when I would pull my suitcase
out as soon as I would touch my suitcase
Zeus won't even look at me he would turn
his head I probably have it in the vlog
somewhere he would he would refuse to
even look at me he'd be so mad gotta
love this beautiful weather it's not
like la man I don't know what you were
thinking be back before you know it okay
it's off all right
it's all for the better this one has
been rough man this has been one of the
roughest leaves on me like I feel
nauseous sick to my stomach
do you need milk you need a milkshake
buddy can always go for a milkshake
so guys forgive my energy it's not only
a zit gloomy but leaving the family
level you guys hear it all the time it's
the roughest part of what I do yeah
we've got a long kind of dark gloomy
road trip ahead of us we're going
through a different city south of here
and we're gonna turn some milkshakes on
the way then with that number two oh man
number two's our weakness hmm hey does
put a smile on your face oh you gonna
put a jerk in the road whew all right
there you have a sit I always think I
have a best snack for road trips you
gotta have snacks for road trip it's
just a masa I never I always come in
here like I know what I want and I see
all this it's like the amount of
decisions were able to make is what
makes me have a hard time making a
decision all right guys so actually I'm
gonna pitch this to you guys - all right
it's the first time so maybe you'll be
excited I tweeted this first of all if
you don't follow me on Twitter go over
there because it's it's starting it
easier to post some of my ideas and
little videos there rather than waiting
for a whole vlog to come out sometimes I
just get random ideas and I post it
right there for you guys so go follow me
SEC you yesterday I announced that I
want to put together a gigantic youtuber
demolition derby all right how does that
sound all right you could probably ride
your red bike in the Derby
like all right they usually have tracks
around the Derby anyway just hear me out
I'm talking like youtubers all come
together we all get together and have a
giant demolition derby the crash bash
super huge super fun and we all get
together and have fun together we do
something crazy and big to all of our
viewers all of them can come watch maybe
we find an arena and a stadium that you
know we can bill and everybody is there
ready this sounds good right we can have
infinite Ranchers
hear me out guys tell me what you think
of this idea I got in an insane respond
probably the biggest response I've ever
had on Twitter about this post I seen
some of the biggest youtubers in the
world commenting that they want in how
do we do it how do we set this up and
that's exactly where I'm at is
officially happening I'm gonna pull this
off all the youtubers that join this we
are gonna create custom cars with their
branded content on their car so we
custom to them these cars will be legit
built by real demolition derby drivers
and creators will have to build the
rules we have to make it legit but I
want this to be a fun safe environment
for all of us creators to get together
do something great we can make some
charity out of it we can make it huge we
can raise money we can donate we can
make this awesome and we can do it
together as a community I think there's
a lack of that going on right now and I
want to do it so this is right up my
alley big destructive bringing everyone
together to make something positive and
I don't know just tell me what you think
tell me what youtubers you want in these
cars obviously the some of the biggest
youtubers out there have already
responded they are in I want to do it
show me how so my next step guys is
figuring this out leave your ideas in
the comments let's make this happen and
let's make it so you guys can come watch
let's make this an event a big giant
event but we
kettle corn like section to head I
promise you that if we pull this all off
we will have country's kettle corn
kitchen right there and all the viewers
can go get country's kettle but we will
find the best kettle corn in the country
and bring it to our demolition very not
only do you get action in destruction
you get kettle corn so guys this is
gonna happen list your favorite
youtubers let's let's get everybody
involved let's make this a real event
something fun something positive in
something big so yeah we're gonna travel
a couple hours here through the rain and
the muck and I will see you guys when we
get there and like a fraction of a
second and just like that 6500 out best
driver in the business Steven what's not
rain in here it's actually dry what
that's nice what's going on with this
wheel what's that what is it you spin
the wheel just just to see how many
points I would get I'll see what you
think we think oh that's a big one
that's the biggest that's how you know
I'm not a member
started at the bottom now we're here a
sixth-floor baby awesome it's all the
floors but we're up we're roommates I
got the Cool Ranch you got the big
reveal and swap do you want to know so
much you know give me a boat yeah what
is that it's a little chocolate mini
alright guys welcome home welcome oh
jeez welcome home for the next 12 hours
maybe I'm barely here at all actually
it's really weird by the time you're
watching this I'm already not a flight
out of the country out of the country
not far though one of my favorite spots
actually if you follow me on twitter
you'll know where I'm going because
we'll be posting outlook this is nice
okay I cannot breathe guys I'm all stuff
asaurus and Brittany and I always talked
about getting hotel we love love having
hotel rooms together and when I travel
alone
I just think of having a room but Brits
oh yeah you got it so rough see if I
wake up my girls hope nah it's already
late oh wow
hey baby it's okay you look beautiful
how's my champion you can't run from me
boy get back here I just wanted to say I
love you so so much man you're my best
buddy
nitro oh it sucks ah thanks buddy
I'll talk to you guys tomorrow okay
FaceTime is an absolute life saver
I cannot imagine not having faced I mean
I remember not having face time but with
my kids being at this age it's just so
nice my family I love it I love it
there is what's up buddy hi I miss you
already
so I know this vlog isn't the most
creative the most crazy the most
entertaining but I'm here safe in my
hotel I'm out for my big project I've
been working on this project is massive
and it is truly a challenge of mind to
change people's lives it is a massive
operation is lots of people involved and
it's just such a fun project and I can't
wait to bring you in on it I can't wait
until there's something to show you
right now it's just the ton of work and
imagine like a family that needs
something imagine giving them the
greatest life experience ever and
leaving them with something so big they
could never imagine that's what I'm
doing that is what I've been working on
and this is happening to many many many
family
I don't want to give too much up but the
big project is very exciting to me it's
something that obviously I'm you know
I'm willing to leave home and my family
for it so it is something very special
and I just can't wait to bring you
something some of the hard copy other
than that regardless of a boring vlog
exciting vlog thank you so much for
being here right now at this point of
the vlog I know if you're here you watch
all the time so thank you from the
bottom of my heart we love you guys so
much please weigh in on the demolition
derby idea I think this is something
that could be great maybe it will start
and promote youtubers getting together
to do more fun things more just just
like we're all like in this together
like we all like having fun and we
should do it together more and I just
think we actually would if the
opportunity was there so this is me
reaching out dear youtubers let's get
together and make the greatest
demolition derby for our fans ever let's
do it for good let's bit let's do it for
a charity let's let's just get together
that's what I'm saying
thank you guys so much for being here I
love you you are beautiful
keep being positive keep staying
positive we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
