can you show me how fast you can run
with your legs hey guys welcome to the
vlog
feeling good got suits riding copilot
with me as always it is a weirdest day
here in Ohio it is gray it is rainy it
is blue me I am I'm on my way first of
all start the vlog in the car that it's
like old style back in the day I started
every vlog in the car now I almost never
do I'm going to pick my boy up like I'm
so excited one of my favorite times of
the week is going to get my boy Noah
it's it's our not having my kid every
single day but I'm going to get him now
so it doesn't matter I hope you guys are
feeling good thinking positive stay
positive guys I know there's a million
things to bring you down every single
day but try your best to bring that
positive energy
sit back relax and enjoy a little bit of
our family love you guys let's go hey
what's going on like a soldier with all
that gear you coming to stay forever my
little friends our little hometown is
booming this weekend sweet corn
festivals going on man you've never that
we actually vlog there do you remember
that the egg roll
remember the egg roll ah
it's a shame it's so daggone gloomy
today in gray but I bet you're loving it
no flies cold weather wind no flies hey
buddy
John and his family just showed up man
you're saving me with a hit but like you
you're distracted you're just a John's a
motor guy so he's distracted John -
Barbara everybody yeah he loves cars he
I think I've showed you his old car and
the things that dreamed anybody likes
cars you're sore dude I'm so so I'm
really been showing you guys but I've
been limping from the surfboard I did
something to my legs on that surf form
and it beat me up how did me catch that
she just come on scared I ain't said no
are you talking yes it just me or her
giant cheeks disappearing what required
this honestly might be one of the first
times that my hair is not crazy out of
control like there's no way you're done
I mean he can't look like that I'm just
kidding it looks so much is it Bret
approach yeah Brit approved mommy
approved
yeah she's the only one that I can shave
my necks your turn how's daddy look oh
you're having too much fun now some BMG
drive you want to just shave it all off
I love it look we'll keep like that much
on
nope who is that such a big big bro big
no big Noah okay let's clear a path
clear pal I think this is gonna be the
perfect spot to do this little diya it's
just the diya I said idea
it's like short for idea cuz idea takes
so long to say yeah I guess is my nudie
huh it's my version of idea I don't know
what's so complicated about it so today
was actually gonna be just a challenge
video we see you guys ask us all the
time we used to do challenges all the
time but today we're gonna do a fun
family challenge I think is gonna be
really fun with the kids I do not know
where it came from originally the first
time I ever saw it was bf first GS Jesse
and Jeana they did I know what was it
called not your legs challenge it was
hilarious and that's the first place I
ever seen this but I've never seen it
done with little kids so here we go
we're gonna do this right now you're
leaving a prize in mine so might not be
it's funny so we're gonna we're gonna
let's just let's just try this okay
mommy's gonna have the littlest legs
ever we don't wanna wake up course you
just fell asleep okay okay can can you
wait can you wiggle your legs all right
Brett serious tell everybody the story
about how you won the Olympic gold medal
for gymnastics how did you do it right
did you do lots of leg workouts leg
exercises can you show me how fast you
can run with your legs
that is the funniest can you lift one
straight up what about the other one
what about the other one
let me see can you lift them both up
over your head did that was so funny do
you want to be the legs or the body
let's see I would darn near as big as I
am Cain should know it be the legs or
the body okay let's do it
hey no what did you do last summer did
you swim the pool what was your favorite
thing you did during the summer you did
karate
how would you ride a horse if you rode a
horse
how would you ride a horse serious
question
if you ever rode a giraffe how would you
write it
if you ever got to ride an elephant
how would you ride it okay let's try one
where we switch it now working cane
you're the top mommy's the legs
all right cane how long how you feelin
really good I love your socks dude
you've got the best socks ever did you
pick them out when did you get tattoos
yeah but can you can you um put your
feet over your head do you have any
Crotty moves can you do karate
oh oh are you thinking about something
are you are you um simply keep mystery
face we're laughing so hard we keep
reviewing the footage and we're just
laughing sorry still asleep so we came
there it's pretty good like I put my
legs on good even touch my ankle it's
flash on the Kitty's legs why don't you
tell me a story about how you became the
most stretches guy ever I was young as a
young boy my my legs fully developed
early but that my body continued to grow
so I had these legs used to be huge
they're smaller but you know my feet
really tell the story if you just listen
okay let's hear what your feet have to
say well let's practice some stretches
that you know I think helped me grow
tremendously like you know I put a
couple feet here and I'd literally just
been this far this way this those wigs
will just feel that way and it hurts but
you know Oh other than that icky you
know round of applause now now we all
just think we're crazy flexible but
rapid competitions here guys I hope you
enjoyed a little bit of a family
challenge if you want to see us do more
challenges together I absolutely had a
blast we were all laughing harder than
we've laughed in a very long time it was
so fun hey boy we love you guys and we
love having you thanks for joining us
today and we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful buddy you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
