welcome welcome to the vlog guys today
is a very great day not only the Sun out
but we got all the family here it's
fight night we are gonna eat we're gonna
play we're gonna swim we're gonna jump
we're gonna eat I already said eat
what's up how are you just washing about
popping bottles washing bottles mom
style you definitely put a different
meaning to popping bottles right there
ladies ladies look at this country just
showed up with this ready you ready look
at that
and what's the what's the deal here we
making french fries or something and Lil
Cora you ready for the big fight tonight
girl hi baby
hey good job cooking all them wings my
man that's gonna make tonight nice hard
I cannot imagine how many hour I mean I
only open one that's our naughty guys
we're saving it all different flavors or
you know I just don't want to get
complicated never you don't mess the
kitchen up like the Jolly Ranchers like
I would make different flavors this is
just one move you know kiss method
that's it keep it simple stupid that's
it how will I live by that math I'm
gonna say hi to the gang out here it's
like some troublemakers on my property
right here what's going on guys you read
get that school bus running already this
is Britney is daddy the mechanic of the
family I flash I see you I see you
what's up my yard you cannot do any
damage to my yard what do you mean
that's ultimate traction if the country
Unleashed this is you're gonna be the
cover album for your album ray or
country unleashed
Bob and Willie's mom is in the kitchen
popping bottles you out here popping
Willie's save the babies and ramping the
rescue the dust fields getting even more
dusty today chase needs a helmet chase
needs a helmet he's not he's not he's
not he's not expert level saw you with
my boats ready you want to see this boat
got it all charged up and ready go I put
a new prop on here somehow I broke the
other bra so we're we're set why can't
we be friends
hands just little things running all
over this place rigors of swimming do
some swimming let's check out this boat
man I think this literally got dirt on
it
ready there you can just rant the thing
oh no bro you've gone too far
you know what I got a great idea you
just hold on to the boat and now drive
you in okay ready
see that's over okay all right
chases be chases behind a wheel and
we're going boating here we go if it
might be right for you here we go little
faster
yeah we're cruising i'll leave me out
here they're not towards the bow
I'll put me in shadow me out here nude
free
I feel fast you can get me gone for real
we're cruising I don't know if you can
tell up 360 good oh my gosh
there we go
this thing's an animal I got a lot of
water on the back I'm bringing it close
to this thong closer we got to get risky
risky Go Fish
nothing is crazy I'm in so much trouble
mom's gonna kill me
dragon I just told you I said this nice
little sandbar but you know I'm gonna
sink in and then I was like oh actually
not too bad
don't think it works that way actually
you're pulling itself with just the wind
dang that's crazy
yeah go ahead get it
Kings gonna do his Dumbo drop so we we
gonna hang out guys waiting for this big
fight to start I think I'm gonna jump on
my little mini ramp do some something
off of it you ready great do some jumps
hot and ready like the bungee is today
the beard flip are we gonna save that
it's not beard this is relaxed this is
like yeah you can 100% that's why next
year no next week
we don't Gil Gil what's up it says I
have a no-fly zone database to update so
I gotta go through the process hook it
up update it watch it fry tells me I
need to be do anything we can do here
anything you can do just be that put in
a chokehold I probably probably won't
work but I'm here to study today today
is all about studying it's flip practice
because it's flip practice and I want to
just watch and understand can I just do
something real fast
I mean interrupt you but can I just guys
can somebody just go to a photo shop go
and take that beard off and get you a
good shot I'm gonna see what it might
look like listen man I'm devastated
everyone now wake up go like this
they're like I have nightmares about it
well Dale will be here soon maybe you
can America do deal a new Dale they all
made the bet not me I'm just here to
film it was like super hard to try to
convince otherwise I got the lights
crippled and I don't know maybe I'm
ready committed committed country yeah
Jack you go up for the baby rescue
rescue that baby it's so bumpy right
into the yard well I'm so glad you
started in the yard and out on the tower
you got it buddy
NoHo what are you doing like pop the
front wheel up as I'm pedaling well I
don't know if that's what you're trying
to do not once but twice you got you
I've never seen anybody do that that's
the first time right here I'm nervous
for you well you did it
go before you do this you don't have to
do this because I saw how you did it in
the grass I'm just worried like this
drop very quick down here okay petal
Hey Ya Ya Ya what
oh my gosh he's a lot he's got it man
what uh you going Carson you guys are
crazy I think I tried that I didn't do
very well
all right getting dry warpin I always
say walking around mama how I love your
shirt it just makes sense right on baby
so we are waiting for this fight who's
gonna win my choice
no pressure who's gonna win I don't know
man
you won't put money on it $10 too much
do what he's gonna win Britt Cindy wait
wait first of all hang on wait who's
fighting tonight McGregor who's winning
the match you gotta know the arm length
you gotta know the specs on these guys
okay mom I grew up as a kid like peeking
out of my bedroom then watching boxing
oh yeah Muhammad Ali no to sit too soon
oh man boxing no I remember all the
tights in it was the guy from Ohio you
guys the Buster Douglas I called the
Buster Douglas defeat yeah I called it I
said he is gonna win and he did they
still going hard in the field to the
family lots of people here kids
everybody we love I'm gonna jump on my
livestream I told you guys I was gonna
go live today so I'm gonna do that right
now and I will see you guys probably
right before this flight starts burn
which is weird because as you're
watching this fights already over you
already know we won it's completely
irrelevant actually for me to talk when
we got here
can you kick flip it yet oh you go
forward Liza's taking it to the channel
all right guys I did the live she went
full blown watch check this out Dale
brought his projector check this out
amazing it's like a movie screen boom on
our walls the big fight hasn't started
yet but I was getting into it we're
having fun
we were playing with goofing off the
kids are watching a movie it's perfect
it's perfect
Hey ladies this is how you know you got
new carpet right here this means new
carpet right here this is the carpet
line boom like that guys guys it's the
main event do you know what that means
it's the main event
it's okay it's time for the biggest
fight of our lifetimes are you ready are
you gonna watch here we go
it is officially fight time we've been
waiting all night many fights here we go
house looks pretty cold they'll did a
good job this is it people
this is it people if if McGregor wins
what happens to you I'll get on this
five-star resort vacation
five stories and if and if he loses what
happens the worst nightmare ever to get
to it is the national anthem Korra's
drinking her little breast milk bottle
now you killed it on the TV man you just
you should kill that computer screen
hang in there country nothing to get
that tattoo bro who sit at the computer
right now who is that's calling calling
you excited all right guys we are going
to end the night and what a great fight
I wish they want to called the fight I
wish they would just let it go I want to
see somebody not you know like to the
ground regardless on who you were voting
for if you were even voting for this
great fight and 50 now that's legendary
status that is just like you're the king
you're the can to jungle right there
guys thanks for watching today I love
you have four vlogs in a row it seems
like we should start calling Guinness
World Records because that is
unbelievable we will see you tomorrow
you are beautiful you are one of a kind
smile
you
