hi guys welcome to go
I did I snuck it out here I'm sneaky of
sneak country taught me his ways up
buddy there's too many weird things
showing up here today guys welcome to
the vlog we're at production it's the
day of the big project X prod when your
name for this mic what's the name of
this stuff what are we doing I don't
know okay I like that I was talking
about the project in general but today
is jet board flash you ready for your
big shoot honey how'd you know I was
ordering pizza yeah so we're out here
today working on the question mark
project that we've been working on for a
while so weird and I'm and explained why
but we've got Andy from Jay Andy Andy he
can't hear me but we've got the coolest
toy ever today for this pawn our own man
no long we've now I cannot believe you
have one of these I what's not mine
first of all it will be no idea no
you're gonna make it happen let's make
it happen I'm gonna show you guys what
we got today and honestly I think our
areas a little small for it but here it
is I wonder why you were answering me
it's Adam guys it's Adam so sorry Adam
Adam brought us the coolest toy ever and
I'm gonna let him explain exactly how
this thing works
good man what is this is the jet surf GP
190 CCS goes about 34 to 37 miles per
hour it's amazing which probably feels
like a rocket yes on water you are
cruising oh my it looks it looks above
my level of knowledge but it looks fun
to plan I know that's a weedeater engine
the gas tank the electrics just a simple
yes simple the posting device were good
okay so um I figured anybody that has
one of these or has never rode one they
can they can ride them in lakes they can
ride him in oceans but I thought what
would be funny is to try to do it my
little mini Lake which is probably too
small and
see we will see I think you can do it no
problem normally yes you need a big body
of water but I have faith in you
yeah and we'll see what happens
definitely you want me to the Sparta
kick you owe me double kick drop kick
here we go
all right before we get too started here
I come in check out hey where are you
going you got the magic touch look like
she was about to smile on camera she was
about to get caught smiling no no Britt
how do you know which one's ours and
which ones oh my gosh guys we don't even
know if tuxes tux anymore
that's talks and that's edo edo tuxedo
so funny hey guys
veronica is getting rid of the rest of
her cats and somebody here as smile more
wanted one of our cats so they brought
an extra cat it's not our cat we still
have two cats and that's it I think
is that one ours what you need to know
how to take this thing about well at
least you're not talking about the GTR
we've got a big delivery coming today so
they're helping with the garage and
country yes you're gonna be able to
handle this it's going downstairs we are
gonna use this treadmill once and for
all
okay so pretty much every angle every
part of this house there's something
going on different crews different teams
you know I told you yesterday we're
gonna get back into the craziness and
then last week you've been kind of a
week off so here we go let's do this
people everywhere he's gonna give us a
little test run for you think you're
gonna do this oh yes you are I want to
see you spamming I'm gonna fail because
fails are fun
fails are formed AAF I think honestly my
viewers like fails but they do like to
see me succeed sometimes that's why the
ones who like me like me that's all a
memo factory of fail fail factory yeah
we did you should get them as electric
fish we imported all this water yeah
dolphin sanctuary no I want a sugary
drink
did we've wanted to do this for so long
right alright dude the thing starts by
itself it's not even its thinking it's
from the future
john said it's the Batmobile of the
water yeah I guess that's the batboat
there is no idle so you always have to
give it gas it's always moving forward
though yeah exactly
just watch that dog over there I'm
aiming for the trampoline because at
least it's somewhat soft on the blob I'm
so worried oh yes look at this thing's
the coolest thing ever
okay I need it
oh ma that's pretty amazing dude you're
right it'll fit really nice in my garage
by the way I'm so excited yeah you
wrecked twice which makes me know that
I'm going Iraq which is fine
yeah it looks tight it's your big film
debut country this is the moment you've
been asking for the moment you've been
waiting for it is time you're gonna take
this vlog camera and you're gonna blow
everybody's minds with his camera skills
anything in the camera hablo he'll be
practicing this like I see him like late
at night he'll be out here just like
fake holding the camera just like it's
got this got this
how do you think you did
I think our zone honestly I think I'm
like a b b- b going up to a B plus C
they're good how did you guys give him
some thumbs up some love if you want to
see more country blogs goodbye what you
think of that I saw you running out
there he was like what's going on
alright guys that thing is an absolute
beast I love it good job on element
obviously I didn't show you guys too
much because it's for the bigger project
but look at this thing that's a sniper
rifle right there how them shots look
man you were you were long what was that
oh my gosh else that's beautiful I think
you need to jump on the board you should
jump on the board Ryan you should jump
on the board I can't tell you how happy
I am you brought this man thank you is
so much dude absolutely awesome and
you're in San Diego if I come your way
we are going into the ocean like these
babies I don't want to trick it and put
like a raft like this on top so it looks
like you're just flying down on a raft
the turnings are it gets you there he's
got it what he makes it look so easy I
know what I want for my birthday
actually Christmas is sooner so you can
just make sure Santa has that you can do
it it's not that hard
no with wheels you're terrible this does
them wheels as a motor oh you
wearing a hat you keeping a head on
maybe I shouldn't wear the hat I lost
mine like 10 times country imagine how
many babies you could rescue with that
thing
you'd be baby after baby let's see it
Gilly Gil that is the worst timing the
worst time yeah
okay so not only is it running on gas
but it has a giant lithium-ion battery
which has been running all day so it
just died as soon as chase went to give
it a shot that's what you get for being
part of the camera crew not the fun crew
it's a sacrifice I'll get you on that
board one way or another hey can we just
put a rope on the front I'll pull him
across
oh man you you've stirred up the Beehive
now see you brought your toy now look
what we got
he's showing us what he's doing he's
playing he's flexing on you man
oh he's lining up what are you doing
lifeguard on duty whoo what's going on
inside the house
oh it's blurry it's it's it's blurry
come on come on there we go
my brother's wife and kids
how's my little princess Corah doing
look at this outfit you don't ruffled
out like a rodeo clown
there are you torturing kids uh yeah
torture kidnaps what you know about that
nitro what's up buddy
Oh tux is back here too hey is this
actually tux oh you got you loved it
which one's your favorite Knight you're
tough you like tux you like them both
whoa tux don't like the camera camera
shy that's the double trouble right
there devil talks talks we are hanging
out we're actually that thing wore my
legs out I cannot explain what kind of
feel the way I was sitting on the board
I was just putting all my weight on my
upper thighs no if I thought so
I'm not used to having a bunch of wild
hyenas in my living room
all right guys speaking of new stuff
coming in and so we can apply rate
cameras I have been using this same
camera just wanna sit in the kitchen a
because it's quiet hey watch your
animals both side my sneak out here with
you boy real fast ah
I usually don't vlog these kind of
things because it's really maybe a lot
of you guys are starting to vlog you
want to vlog Channel and I've always
used I feel like I feel like I'm still
one of the very rare vloggers that only
use a little camera I use a g7 X and
most bloggers now are using DSLRs and
and Joby tripods and external mics and
I'm still running just this little
camera actually show you
I still use this little guy it's just a
little handheld camera and most
youtubers I think at this point are
using being really big cameras there's
many reasons I actually still use this
camera one of the biggest reasons is
it's small enough that I can put it in
my pocket I can beat it up because I go
through cameras really fast guys and
this is actually an affordable camera as
far as vlogging goes it's affordable
although it is still expensive with my
environment and the things that I do I
break cameras all the time I go through
these cameras so fast so I've always
just kept this camera I don't know as
they break I get a new one
but now today we're trying something new
hopefully you guys will like hopefully
the sony 6500 I I'm actually using this
current camera this sony for the big
project I'm working on so I actually do
it's really weird it's hard to explain
but I actually do another vlog for this
big project that I shoot with and I'm
shooting with this camera because it
does 4k so the project you guys are
eventually gonna see is gonna have me
vlogging other things with this camera
right here no no no I started to like it
and I was like well maybe I try it for
my vlogs so that's where we're at maybe
I will just start using it tomorrow and
give it a shot see if it makes a
difference see if you guys even notice
it does not have a flip up screen which
I don't use that much I do you I've it
up right now actually but I don't need
it like I've been vlogging long enough
that I can I can I can hit the shot if I
need to hit the shot so
what is this thing is that okay oh that
is a little tense I got a new camera for
videos so cool so cool I'm gonna throw
you in the pond it's so cool
you stole my bubble wrap you guys yes
yeah you can let's go
so yeah yeah starting tomorrow I will
try this new camera see if you guys like
it definitely not a pocket cam it's a
lot to carry around maybe probably makes
it that much better
hey maybe I mean like I said I'm one of
the last vloggers it don't you know a
member you I'm a duplicated boom you
know I get your blue one up that's the
one you want
oh geez oh I can't wait to get rid of
blurry camera it's always blurry my girl
her little old man hair look at this
this is what it looks like donkey that
camera what it is here alright it is a
beautiful night guys absolutely gorgeous
evening to want a little follow the
leader with Kay
switch out to the dirtbike let's go get
it will do dirt bikes together follow
you such a good day guys so productive
now I'm getting just family time it's
like the perfect day when you get all
your work done and then you get to relax
with your family everybody's ready bud
I'll follow you
let's do it
why is need help pick it up dude come on
muscles how bad do you guys want to play
you gotta earn it it may be easier to go
through the grass we're talking about
this is grass
how you gonna get it up the steps once
you put it sideways and then roll it up
hold on hold on ready you gotta help me
push them ready set go
sup bud you come with me come on
flashes my buddy he hangs out with me
I'm gonna go get a picture this
beautiful sunset with the pond look at
this
hmm this place is really coming to life
guys look at that it's so different
already it's so crazy how much has
changed already even like even just my
backyard is so different today we got
these installed which are giant like
stadium lights and they go up all the
way into the sky like 20 feet tall play
these beasts holy smokes you going
swimming
come on noogie let's go screeching halt
or slush my little girl looking good
she's like what we got you this is one
of them moments that usually happen
off-camera where she's just so happy and
she's smiling and she's playing finally
got it on camera you really get bigger
and play with Daddy kick her way all the
way to 16
me nothing
I miss you today well guys we gotta go
today thanks for hanging out with the
supporting this channel sharing these
vlogs with your friends and your family
and anybody who you think just needs a
little lift me up or I don't know likes
daily vlog stuff we love you what I'll
try it in the blog I we love you guys so
much we appreciate everything you do for
us and we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
