I am starting the vlog today because
Romans literally been outside playing
with the cat all day literally he's been
here all day playing with this big
yellow cat hey mister what are you doing
trying to get Flash's food out under
there
hey kitty thank you geez so I noticed
something today I really really need to
clean I'm gonna try and get Roman to
help me this is the ledge filthy dirty
all the way acrost and very sadly that
thing only it's clean probably once or
maybe twice a year
Hey are you done playing into your cat
it looks so much better
that I don't know what it looks like a
Jew boy I got it I'm looking at it
we got flat that is hey I started your
vlog my vlog yeah our vlog I ever liked
I started long I started the vlog today
now it's in my hands oh god I need you
get the ladder out of the barn I'm on it
I got the cat some of you guys are
welcome to the vlog I've been in my own
world today flattening and redoing all
the ground that has been new pipes have
been run through an electric I'm just
trying to make it flat so I can get some
grass growing here come out here you
don't need shoes it's safe I'll get
doggy Oh to him his house now it's
totally his house so I've just been back
you're trying to clean this place up I
know it's kind of a disaster right now
but it's getting there I flattened all
that we've had pipes and everything
reran back here and it's just been a
mess it's been hard to walk there's so
many holes and lumps and it's just fun
okay you guys back you're eating apples
you want an apple and bar do you want an
imp a bud so I bumped this tree with the
cat when I was coming by you can see my
track I bump I don't think I hit the
base but I hit the branches and a bunch
of apples fell out somebody ate one bite
oh yeah oh no bless you thief there you
go bud I was just for you oh I was a
juicy guy oh yeah let you steal it
where's your Apple you didn't eat that
Apple you just start I don't think he
ever until this moment realized those
are apples cuz he's never back so
besides cleaning it in the place ready
we are I know the last five six maybe
seven vlogs have been very laid back
home vlogs but that's all about the
change starting tomorrow we are back on
the big project the hidden question mark
project Brit I love you
you guys remember them ramps I built do
you remember the ramps I built look at
this those are the ramps even when I did
the fireworks on the back of the
dirtbike they were all dirt I went over
them for that video that wasn't that
long ago I don't feel like our ladder is
right there and did you know something's
living out here look look how mad at all
that is what's getting across this
something's climbing over this uh-huh
yeah I get that ladder for me baby why
do you need this to clean that ledge off
from the house you're gonna clean that
ledge off yeah for sure hundred percent
I can't look at it one more day there's
like a black it's not a wasp its vampire
bat where's the sleep in here so you got
to be quiet I can't be quiet it's not my
thing
don't you still eat apples apples are
good for donkeys right they like they
like apples okay you got a grab best
side it's heavy you think you got it
daddy's got it but I'd blow my back out
but I got it what's going on over here
I got your ladder Hey she's like let's
party party I got a poopy blood she's
starting to make little noises baby
mommy what's her first word gonna be
caned what's her first word gonna be
when she taught us it's gonna be poop
mommy
I think it's gonna be daddy
alright Brett I got your ladder it's
ready for you ready to go baby
whoo I got Kane nobody just wait so you
want to give her back now yeah because
we were just about to clean the the
mantel thing what is that thing called
what is that called up her okay
a ledge
okay so shower I gotta focus focus here
we go bath a shower
I mean think bath dang it her little
flower flower power this gives her this
givers are all to met bathing powers I'm
gonna get that I'm gonna get that water
just right for my girl lukewarm nice and
toasty baby hmm
guys very serious drink more water
keep drinking water I know it's not the
greatest and funnest thing to drink but
keep drinking water I have been lately
I've noticed that when I'm very fatigued
or I'm unmotivated or I've in regardless
of what I'm like energy drinks and all
this stuff that's supposed to give you
energy when I feel really down and I'm
just like I can't I don't want to do
anything I'm lazy I'm I swear it is when
I've had no water I chugged tons and
tons of water I get it in my body and I
start feeling good again drink more
water III like the energy drinks too but
I'm telling you it doesn't do what water
does for me it gets me lit boy gets me
Blair oh I don't know do we do we show
him your
did we show me I don't know if we've
showed them to teens got his first loose
tooth and it's not from hitting it on a
trampoline going face-first knocking two
teeth out
yeah dude how we gonna can I see and I
see
I won't come on so this tooth right oh
wow dude that thing's totally wiggling
you're gonna do something crazy to pull
it out and you just you're just gonna
let it fall out you just want to do it
natural maybe after this one we're doing
something crazy
we could take the RC truck take it off
the ramp on into the pond tucked it to
your teeth bad idea I know what we could
do I don't think anybody's ever maybe
they have with the GTR launch the
sequence I take off tied to your teeth
not a good idea
hang it Oh maybe you just need a caramel
apple tooth falling yeah tell us tell
tell me in Cannes so leave some comments
some great tooth losing stories right
now in the comment section I personally
remember losing one tooth where me and
Dale my brother were wrestling I think
I've told you this story and he came up
his foot kicked me boom and I don't even
know what my tooth was gone and it was
like no pain at all peep tell me some
good teeth that's it get her get her get
her mini me that legit caught me off
guard I was like what there was a bag of
diapers oh my gosh Kayne how many how
many diapers is that oh it's still warm
Dandan dad
if you would've broke that on my face
before it just falls out Gary hurry open
it open it Oh get in the bathtub cleaned
out sure it's all nice and clean
hey tux what's up - I blew the trash can
up ya trash can exploded whether you do
the diapers and you enjoying that she
does so good in there way to go girl I
got my water you're so much faster whoa
I remember when you took you a half-hour
to get up them steps more water to
attend to uh if I showed you guys this
upstairs
I don't know few hours ago it was come
lately destroyed I don't even think you
could see carpet you think you're hiding
you think you're hiding tonight okay who
hides first you okay
I'll count to twenty one - whoo beep
stairs we downstairs
what oh you're the best player on my
team well that helps me narrow it down a
little bit
hmm I was a 5 year old little monster
where would I be
well he's not where he normally is in
the litter box okay wooly this big box
of candy I just found it's loaded with
all the hottest new treats all right
talks tell me everything you know tell
me everything you know I need answers
where's Kane nitro anything are you guys
are useless hmm I don't remember these
being here ready
the camera gave it love
Oh cane that's the same spot you hit in
last time I got a good spot come here
hurry
can you climb in there
oh this blankie okay daddy he's ready
ready yeah
good smart yep gets a burger for me I'm
just trying to get this little girl to
sleep trying to wear this one out that's
like multi dadan well it looks like he's
right there he's not what be anywhere
you helped him could be in that basement
is he in his room
no way he wouldn't be in here with the
lights out he's too scared could he be
in the pile of stuffed animals could he
be up in this fort is his bed negative
okay he's not in his room I checked the
high and low I smell something over here
kind of stinks like Kane fish I would
have never found you without mommy's
hints she ratted you out okay okay look
at him what are you doing
okay guys jumping into the evening Kane
is laying down Cora's asleep which is
crazy Brittany and I actually like what
are you doing honey what do you what did
I get you the rock as soon as Cora went
to sleep she's like when you grab me
weights are this the wrong weights
it's funny now because like our house is
pretty much silent right so when you
hear that now we hear things were like
what was that it's the cat going crazy
out here I don't I don't know what
that's called what does that call are
you bench pressing is it is it bench so
Brittany had to wait six weeks guys six
weeks before she was allowed to do any
type of exercising or working out and
that six weeks is up so now she's like
obviously this isn't your workout
schedule but Cora went to sleep she's
like just give me some weights or
something but I brought the wrong
it's a lot of cardio that's for me
that's what I need like I'm I'm I don't
have like a lot of body fat like I'm I'm
tight tighten my I got eight pack what
is it in back baby what do I got
exercising is so difficult it's almost
as hard as drinking lots of water but we
need to do it guys I love you thanks for
hanging out with us here's a family
things start ramping up literally
starting tomorrow and then really amping
up through next week and we'll be back
on those you know big family big days
big projects big stuff so that's kind of
why we've been taking it easy besides
that
look at these guys they just own the
house all right it's already their house
we love you we gotta go
you are beautiful you are absolutely
one-of-a-kind
don't forget it stay positive we love
you smile more
you
