hey guys welcome to the vlog RIT welcome
welcome how are you how you feeling No
where's Korra where's the baby Britney's
mom has the baby and Britney was like
let's get outside and play on some toys
today but that came with a lot I can how
you doing bud so Burt was like let's get
the kids out today let's get on some of
these toys that we have sitting in the
garage get Barry getting dirty but
here's the problem to get that quad out
right there I had to move just about
every I mean this place is trashed
to be honest I'm actually kind of
embarrassed to show you guys this place
but it's real life it's like I'm sure
your garage is dirtier basement your
room so you can relate to this you know
we're not perfect we're not perfect
ready to play let's do it so we got
everything from power washers to
generators to bikes the toys to trikes
lots of things to choose from and but
you've never even wrote a dirt bike in
your life right never maybe today's your
day you land the backflip I've rowed
canes yeah I haven't put it in any gear
but first right well that counts thank
you right
you sat on it I wrote it I don't
remember maybe yeah you're all set
I've been out here warming up got them
all one they hadn't been ridden for a
while so I had to put new gas and I'm
stardom let them warm up they're ready
man you guys are pumped
we got the huge dirt field out here and
I was thinking maybe we just start
working a track into it and then I don't
know see how they like it yeah it has
been it's been too long you want to ride
that one
so I know III think this one you could
definitely hand you wanna write this one
no that was he hey man that was you I
was just kidding man I'll take it back
she won't touch your baby especially you
guys know I've been out of town and my
dad's picnic table I got for his
birthday he's been out of town so I hope
to build that today take it to his house
wits there when he gets home and you
guys ready let's go do some riding boss
hi let's get out there get these kids
rolling we gotta have to build some
hills come on oh yeah so we got this
giant field we really don't use we could
maybe build a little track out here is
this perfect right what if we just start
if we just follow each other's tracks
and we stay on those tracks we'll build
our own track you know what I mean she
said you got you guys want to follow us
on the big quad follow our prints follow
a leader baby let's go follow them
Prince
try to keep up boys
faster come on come on here with nothing
to hold on to all right I'm gonna go get
something to so I can help out all right
it's really bumpy look you can stand up
on your quad okay takes the shock out of
your butt all right
hope you guys are having such a good day
I'm gonna go grab a quad suit so I can
help design this thing and really pack
it in but it's perfect field for this
whoa whoa whoa whoa what's going on
yeah you just you just can't stop moving
things you should get on your bike and
take a ride right now break up baby in I
love to the question is what are you
gonna ride I'm gonna I think I'm gonna
take green or the LTZ I think I think as
far as putting a track into the dirt
nothing's gonna do it better than this
guy plus he's got brand-new wheels love
this thing oh he's got it he's got it
make that course baby how's she feel
good to be home right
you pop the birth pool that was much
I've been waiting for weeks to do that
oh man
flasher you're drinking fountain is gone
oh you really did a number on it maybe
you couldn't just unscrew it oh and
flush shoot all those all yep you bailed
on us for the pool huh I don't blame you
it's nice huh
what yeah big time
well you got the pools league in no
that's that it's it's just gonna fit you
so much better like that's your that's
your size right there okay so step down
once put it in gear put in neutral now
you got a kick starter yep yep there you
go it's that easy there you go now one
up I don't meet you out there
I don't know why was that my own music
to these blogs I love I love video games
so much but today we both Brittney and I
were like we got it we got to get out
and get these kids doing something
differently so today's just kind of all
about that I got no problem with them
playing games most of the time but like
some days it's beautiful it's sunny we
need to get out burn some energy ride
some bikes get dirty jump in the pool
repeat hello
Korra what's up girl looking at the
fishies hey she's getting more active
and her cheeks don't look his big don't
they mm-hmm she's got her on TV right
here the fish tank it's like her it's
super dirty by the way everything is
dirty
everything's just it's a dirty day
that's what this is it's a dirty day
garage the port's the girls just tackled
look how much nicer this looks look at
that we are humans hey anybody want to
help me clean the garage I'll give you
10,000 popsicles yo this is this is
starting to look like a garage man like
a respectable place to hang out mean
look at this RC gravy rice not even
graveyard mostly still run but I kind of
take pieces and parts from them like
this guy look at that see addiction
like people have addictions mines are
scenes look at okay look at this pile
there's more over there there's a whole
wall over here
that's not enough time I just drive our
seat dude Lee there's a little life
jacket right look at country and I get
organized out here look at this Oh what
size you need all small medium large
okay I got you I got you we got to build
the country the country's parking spot
man like your spot only your bike can go
there it's like your candy over here
right boom see parking
see Parkin certified sort of five
apartments on my hair this is what
happens when you leave a helmet outside
I got this helmet in 2002 it is super
old bought it with the yellow quad and
flash completely ate it like he made
lunch out of it look at that you could
totally write your name in it
I mean it's a disaster
disgusting come on bud run through it
totally you totally did it okay and Kate
oh man it's time for a new camera my
lens keeps like getting stuck if it
affects you guys at all but in case you
guys missed the coming home blog we've
died actually Brittany and the kids
thought I had nothing to do with this
they got two cats two kittens named
nitro that ones nitro
what's up nitro and that one is tux
what up tux nitro and tux those are some
cool names dudes nightroad named after
the that she got the cat the same as we
uploaded the same day that I did the
ridiculous backflip at Nitro Circus so I
saw a lot of you guys actually said name
it nitro name and nitrous we named Nitro
and tux because he looks like a tuxedo
why and pretty much all they do is
wrestle and sleep that's it Annie and
poop kind of like Korra a lot of eating
and sleeping and pooping I thought she's
she's all grown up honey
she's our she's in she should be home
from school any man if I didn't if I
didn't show the viewers what you're
doing right now what do you think she's
cutting what do you think she's cutting
it looks like you're trying to solve
through a tree you did great it's not
you yeah it's a butter knife she's
trying to cut steak with butter man so
after everybody eats we have something
cool for the cats we're gonna try to
build I don't build you guys know me
don't build things that will so we're
gonna attempt to build this right there
boom how the whole house has been taken
over by baby and kittens so it's it's
great where is calling
she sleeps smiling she smiles while she
says maybe not
nature's king of the hill king of the
hill buddy can't oh I've been spotted
looks you see a ghost so good that came
out here you did I can't is this gonna
be a normal thing this little black
camera floating around my face oh my
gosh that's so cute
I don't know if it's coincidence or not
but as soon as I open this cat box Dale
come running in like hey you need help
building anything did you know I
couldn't do it luckily yeah just leg
roller cramp in my ankle early you okay
you feeling better I think I'm gonna be
able to what's mommy and Cora Dylan
Tommy time with Cora in mommy she's too
tired
did you guys ever think like all the
crazy stuff we do we do tummy I thought
it was a mallard duck
yeah look at these fancy instructions
and killer tools look at that this is
piece of cake you know what is say your
customer that's personal
thank you very much for your recent
purchase we love you
the end boom filled me now I actually
built my own cat town I know it's way
awesome no
sorry I get sexy so we all we all know
who's doing the work we all know is
building a square jaw I got it I got it
welcome to the madhouse what is this
when you think what you think nitro you
build a little a mini ramp that rides
down
you need your own mega ramp so we build
it wrong we you I didn't have any part
of this but we can figure out what's
instructions ever ever never ever and
I'm a pretty good instruction follower I
got a sec buy these through the same
okay but that goes on the very tops that
don't count no no I'm saying to a high
reference we need someone in shorter
than this oh it's this way oh but then
when you take this and put this here
that now is gonna be too hot high no
can't figure it out it's a mystery
unless we use the wrong one down here
can't beat one that short boom we don't
need one that boom part you know these
things these things should come with
like a crew you know cat Power's
cat tree should come with a crew that
just builds the tree for you because
this instructions right here boys let me
tell you something let me tell you how
they mark these poles they mark him by
millimeters so you should just know that
P 7 is 400 millimeters long how do you
know how do you know which one's 400
millimeters if we were anywhere but
America you'd pull out your tape measure
and everything would already be in
millimeters really we're the only ones
to use centimeters the standard inches
right baby
I sound like war right now yeah you know
what did you do it shipped like that bro
enjoy your half built our nitro sucks
they ain't even interested they want to
play with the baby's toys now why not
just make them all that look they're all
different heights all of them look how
close this one is they don't line up
that's your cat tower baby enjoy the
good news is
don't work you can use this as a paint
roller yeah there you go
go give me a so I know that's all in it
what are you doing Keane all the kiddies
in there yeah Jane are you in there
doesn't even line up though okay it's
look it's been in you know what they
think differently overseas like that's
perfect it's not perfect it's perfect
oh my that my cats gonna fall off there
we're gonna lose should I go get the
duct tape now got the glue don't glue it
you don't look okay so they're long
screw that goes up through the bottom is
it long enough to actually go inside the
threads where you got a deep well I have
an idea
no cheese here we go this is cat tree
drama crooked it is I can use the
shorter ball to get it done no boy watch
an amazing wait what was that
that's bolt secrets from the web these
kids what are you guys watching
oh wait so your hole is here yes and it
needs to be here yes so we got to drill
it drill it yeah yeah I'm not gonna lie
they look like we did a good job guys
the Nitro is done sucks is like how do I
get down how do I get you got to go from
the pad yes go to the yes smart cat
right there okay work your way down hang
it out he needs those platforms guys now
you jump from here into the house or
down vote he's like hmm he goes into the
bag into the bag
you guys are scaring down back
let me just say the third hour of
building this I really was familiar with
all the pieces yeah I feel like we're
kind of part of the engineering team
together it kind of really hit home I go
down for it here we go
it's making his way down come on you got
this tux see nitro would just leap Club
oh no don't go to the floor
there we go you got this boom now what
now you got to go to the middle okay
they're learning right now down the road
take the rope down he's stuck he's stuck
on the globe here we go here we go he's
made it all the way to the bottom
victory is yours tox and nitro don't
carry he's completely whoa whoa whoa
look at this moon look at this moon guys
no no only good look at them when flesh
is getting mad he's getting mad look at
this dude that's magnificent that's the
new Eclipse right there right guys
jumping into the night I was actually
gonna end it in the morning but I
decided to just come out here the kids
are asleep everybody's in bed core is
finally asleep and I we were just like
crashing like and I was just gonna pick
it up in the morning but I decided to
just walk out here in this now and just
wrap it up for you guys thank you so
much for being here you know when I got
home I want to tell you a quick quick
story before I get off here today um
when I got back from my trip I got here
I came together as a family it felt
great and Kane he has never ever asked
this before one of the first things he
said was are you filming tomorrow and it
was so weird that he asked me that maybe
because we've been taking more breaks
lately but Kane said are you filming
tomorrow and normally I would just say
yeah we're gonna film tomorrow but I
said well what do you want me to do and
he said to not film tomorrow so if he
would ever ask me that question I feel
like I would just say well this is what
we do this is how we work this is how we
make a living but all I said was I won't
film I'm not gonna film so that's kind
of where these last two days came from
a little bit of inspiration from Cain
it's kind of like I don't know where it
came from and the kids really had never
asked that before but when he asked me I
just said okay fair enough
done so that's where that came from I
know a lot of you so mad at me for uh
taking a day or two like always and
that's fine like I must be doing
something right if you're mad at me for
taking a break right like if nobody was
upset then and then I think that would
mean that nobody cares you know I see a
piece but um if I break guys it's always
for the family and that does always come
first no matter what like there is no
second to that it's always gonna be that
way so I just upload when we upload I
love you guys I do try to stick I just
did 14 days in a row its record-breaking
all right guys I'm a zombie I will see
you tomorrow
you're beautiful thanks for sticking
around either way maybe we lose a few
each break but I gotta tell you my
family's so happy with those two days
like you cannot believe how how
different it is than putting a camera up
it's just I can't explain it I gotta go
I love you you are beautiful you're one
of a kind smile mwah
you
