welcome to the white guys hope you're
having a great day I got to say
something because I just got the text on
the plane as we were landing we're at
the airport right now today's exciting
because we're in Columbus Ohio which
means we're going home
and we just hit 4 billion views on this
channel 4 billion John Ramadan it's not
possible
dude you're not possible mom and dad
must be watching this channel a lot more
than they say they are and what do you
have like 1,400 videos or I mean you're
close right
1,400 about thirteen hundred and
twenty-nine your foot yeah that's a lot
of it yeah and 29 but can you divide
that up and get an average video used to
make 4 billion I can't somebody good I'm
gonna get whoa that's a good idea
actually thirteen hundred and
twenty-nine divided by four billion
that's simple math was really invited by
1320 that's why I said I can't do it
right yeah
so we've been traveling a lot yesterday
we flew from New York to Los Angeles we
filmed all day and then now this morning
we flew from Los Angeles to Columbus to
come back home which is awesome I'm so
excited you guys fun I'll give you all
right everybody how do you fight you
look like you're sleepy country right
now I actually watched two old watch the
arm the movie you asked me to watch
which one found
oh that's enjoyed it you did it make you
want to go to McDonald's no really no
that was a president was gonna be down I
would we passed by one hop that me and
get a number two so yeah guys welcome
back to Columbus Ohio thank you so much
from the bottom of my heart for billion
days is the number that I can't even
it's a ridiculous number it's crazy so
thank you for that let's go home see the
family in this little kitten thing yep
on I get
ah gone downhill hey daddy know where
we're going you sure you look lost
you're looking for our car I've never
been in this part either
now this American guys forgot to leave
the rental key in the car and you go
home with it right there we pulled up
right there come on boss they all busted
exposed we have been here back to the
weird muggy humid weather but it's not
raining Iranians got to take the city
off though all right so to give you an
idea while big four billion is I can't
even fit it on my phone this direction
it only goes to four hundred million you
have to turn it sideways to add one more
zero four billion all right now we're
going to divide that by thirteen twenty
nine and we get roughly just over three
million per video on average to get four
billion ninety five coefficient average
by
we're room does Science Guy puh-puh-puh
I don't know what you're saying
Oh ill neither science guy
yeah only about three million per video
which tons of my old videos don't even
have many views so it's really the new
ones and the ones that just exploded to
help get that no new power back wall you
to some great really yeah like go home
and see our kids yeah uptown girl in a
mantle of a sweet corn world we're back
to the sweet corn boys
look at my donkey look at my donkey
waiting for sambar what somebody look at
that greet leave that greeting bye bro
thanks for the ride my man
here's the other side plushie my man
what's up pod oh I missed you come on
let's go see the fam no this way this
way
pump pump ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
ba ba I know where are they come here
Liza I don't care if you're wet get over
here we're all greeting what's up bud
oh hi baby Cora hi sweetie hi Oh my
yacht wiser too daddy
meet nitro and tuck talk Sinestro oh my
god the names are the best is that cuz
Nitro Circus yeah you're exactly that is
so awesome
I saw comments I actually saw comments
it said you got the kitten on the st. on
the same day I did the flip right we put
up that vlog imma say that it's what
everyone's like you should name the
kitten Nitro in that why you did that
yeah 100% and this one tucks my tuxedo
what's up tuxedo and I would you know
what I'm not even like when I see him in
person not even upset they're so cute I
can be mad at that
hi buddy you got a whole week older
while I was done he did a whole week did
you miss me
oh I just can't wait till she can
interact there's my man take care core
for me ah boys need some daddy time I
can see not enough exercise
here's your binky take your binky boys
mr. daddy
yeah Jane you got your Michael Jackson
glove on oh my gosh hey do you want to
know you want to know the cat's favorite
spot yeah right on this rock not like on
the rocks warm yeah like right away in
sit really so this is Nitro huh you love
that name that is a cool name for a
hyper little wild kitty are you singing
best friend really talks you're the
cuddler you look like the flea flicker
are they both boys oh I think he's a
happy kid II think he's happy mm-hmm
beside chin is the spot watch y'all
donkey Empire what's up buddy
we've got a move you gotta move oh my
gosh I hope all my limbs actin all crazy
hope you guys are having such a good day
it feels so good to be home I got a
run-out pick up my boy Noah so I have
whole family here with me I got to tell
you like I love what I do I'm so blessed
to have everything I have you guys the
career the things I'm able to do because
of all this when you see this big
project we've been working on I mean
we're changing people's life to the
absolute fullest the biggest ideas you
could ever think of
we are doing it we're doing things so
big so powerful so emotional you're just
going to you're really going to enjoy
this I can't wait for you to see it all
however it causes me to take time from
my family so when I am home I am so
happy I'm so excited I'm so ready to
just you know be the dad and that's
where I'm at right now so I'm going to
get my boy Noah and then we're heading
home to just be a family today and now
we've got two new additions the cats the
second one's a huge surprise and Burton
is like what the first one was so lonely
and then I see it I'm just like it's so
freaking cute how am I going to say
anything like it's the cutest thing in
entire world so here's to a good day -
everybody stay positive think positive
obviously there's a million things to
bring us down every day but um we you
are your biggest enemy that is great
advice because you control how you feel
right now don't worry about what's
happening just be you
we had Curtis did a burn so yeah I love
you the sun's really crazy right now I
will love you guys back in the house
thanks for everything
I think everyone's hiding maybe I hi I
don't know how to in here s it I'm gonna
show him are you coming to see you that
one's Nitro named after my back flip
that one was literally the runt of the
litter like it's so much smaller than
every other cat really yeah like
eyeballs too big play with hey he's got
some weird look like his eyes ball job
you gonna show him tux
Sean tux can't even see him you see tux
he's like so camo he's out
he does have straight look can you see
him yeah he's got that stripe talk
they're brothers the rose boys yeah cool
he's like it's such a journey tuxedo he
came today so he's not as like used to
hanging out or friendlier she is knocked
out
mommy's touch mommy's special touch I
was holding her and she was like put so
we don't have a ton to film because
we're just kind of settling in the house
this land is shining up it affects you
guys that's where we go however it is no
but it's been on a heck of a trip that's
all I mean I pretty much used and abused
this baby how was your week
explain to me um my week with the one
month on is this right here I love her
all right
no came out not we are really laid-back
look at this dinner of mm of that tater
tater tots and pizza okay how was it
cream did you try the pizza on the pizza
tater be part I yeah we thought you're
talking about as long as I'm vegan you
buy I won't even have taste potatoes oh
oh add extra salt a little bit crispy
aloo sometime just hanging out it's
almost bath time and dead time at school
schedule I think we're just um I think
we're just going to just end this here
we're going to all kind of do our thing
tonight we'll get a fresh start tomorrow
but polish short vlog for you but we're
home we're all together everybody's
healthy and happy and that's awesome so
hard to be away right now so thanks for
going with me
thanks for coming back with me
it's time to play at home we love you
guys so much I can't wait till she's
like active you know like laughs any
giggle isn't she currently see you at
least smile yeah we love you guys so
much thank you for everything you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
