going through the sky baby Einsteins
your favorite song ever welcome welcome
welcome to the vlog guys we're about to
hop in the Jeep our new Jeep we got a
jeep got a Jeep Bob we got ya did you
know that did you even know we got a
jeep I'm hyper right now I just had one
of them big sugary dunce and I'm on
cloud nine
so gun so gone keys boom Sears I gotta
calm down chill chill flash chill out
buddy please write play some hoops
you ready play some hoops huh you ready
to do it amp my man all these flies that
stuff not working we got this like spray
that's supposed to keep it off yeah he
loves it he goes out on our dirt field
he rolls around if you wash him he just
goes right back out and he loves it I
think it actually helps with the flies
but I don't know I'm not an expert it's
like a homemade smoke bomb I don't know
if you guys can see it he actually don't
like when you take it off of him it's
like his his coat you ready you ready
helping our new Jeep it's our Jeep it's
a Jeep thing you won't understand
oh man it's freezin I chase this house
this is actually their Jeep it's not
it's not my G they went with Brittany
and her car cuz they're already there
we're gonna meet him there and they have
my vehicle so I have their vehicle it's
kind of weird how that all just works
out in the end
all my friends are donkeys take it slow
he had I got an idea Noah don't give
your dad doughnuts Oh classic move
gilroys classic move I'll tell you what
buddy why don't you just take my Jeep
and I'll take you you know what I'm
happy to fill it up man I'm happy to
they do a lot for me everyday so the
least I can do is fill this gas tank
return it to them full and go on my day
doughnuts
start 42 . no I need some cash I need
some money all right for real let's go
let's meet up with the fam hope you guys
are having an awesome day we are we I
don't know what we're gonna do today but
it's definitely gonna be together so
let's do it
I'm docking dude this is docking you
know docking is
that's the sound of a real guitar on a
real drum set right there
yeah that's a real guitar
that's real drum set right there ruined
Sherman's right there also Becca there's
my girl what's up baby yo she's all
gassed up for you okay give me a hug
first
okay got it I got so much energy I ate a
donut before I left and I'm on cloud
nine
not even I carried the Jeep here I
didn't even drive it yep sure did it
it's full now you're good for a while
all right boys you going with me yeah
okay so I liberate this like a video
game deliver a see get the pizza come
back play games I like them shoes boy
like father dude your feet or literally
almost that's ridiculous no ridiculous
that I'll be able to wear your shoes in
the mouth
are we just switching vehicles
permanently because now we're back
closes why are you driving my vehicle
like we're back into normal mode I want
to treat you like a king today so I'm
just gonna sit here go get the pizza
deliver the ACL be your uber driver sir
buckle up keep your hands and feet hey
see the liver we AC delivery ac is the
litter the road remember how I told you
guys on the Mopar vlog that the cars
actually take chunks out of him oh hey
axe don't hit these people don't hit
this pillow my gosh I'm not even driving
on logging safely right now kids in the
car seat everything's good dude he was
wearing a camo shirt it's not your fault
you ate him during the mo farm look this
is where we stood out during Mopar and I
told you guys that some of the big cars
actually take chunks
concrete out of the road I'm about to
show you just how true that is first of
all look at this road this is what's
left of this road oh my gosh all the way
down okay it's kind of hard to tell but
those are chunks actually missing
asphalt that is crazy
don't believe me you don't believe me
look at that look at that okay I'm
coming back Jase I'm coming back I knew
you were gonna do that
you know I guess honestly it's a nice
day for a walk to be honest with you you
know it's one of those days where I kind
of just wanted to walk anyway here you
yo you better pick me out wrong
you said you're gonna drive me all the
way for him to pick me up guys here I'm
gonna drop the bomb question right now
Floyd McGregor what's gonna happen
because that's this vlog goes up it is
the day of the fight I want to know
right now Floyd I'm McGregor who's gonna
take the bet he just broke through the
grass well it's illegal
I see legal bro very funny very funny
haha y'all order enough pizza from army
all that pizza you got the same outfit
that's awesome I'll get that I'm
actually wait are they the same they are
the same yeah I know Cora what's up baby
hey he hates the xmax she hates it
angels got that Zoo Center she wants
them tires she wants them tires get it
get it get it get it all right watch
your eyes watch your eyes my bad
see you guys want to move the trampoline
and jump the pool I'm all about it don't
even show my pool bro I'm embarrassed
what it looks like my pool after a ball
pit now these guys might these guys
might make it hard to jump right here
because if I don't want to hit a dog
drywall is great cuz even if the ramp
breaks it looks cool you know I mean
like you get that gust the white like
magic show boom I don't feel like I'm
the one that should be jumping it I feel
like this is your job chase
george'll I've never jumped it on
something that big sounds like me last
week all right chase this is RC jumping
101 now here's the obstacle because you
got it not okay maybe maybe we should do
a little class real quick the tricky
part is going through this fence hole
and then hitting the drywall and not
hitting your building it's like a little
trick jump there's a very minimal margin
of error yes front flip it first try
I'll give you your 10 bucks back ready
just like that no you're gonna do you'll
be all the way into the woods Oh God
faster dude oh my god
you dented the pool you you're lucky you
have a metal pool mine would probably
want to went through it that's a good
one we're gonna we're gonna use that as
a warm-up ready when you are
that's it that's it oh it's a poison
xmax now you're good dude what is that
don't worry about that here's the thing
like you you you cleared it but you
didn't land it there is there is that
landing factor you know and you pull
this thought and you land is like a
different snake chases cleanable you
know he already did
serious little dark hairs versus her
little blonde hairs look at these little
spirals
ready when you are boss oh he wants it
he wants it too early on the brake too
early on the brake plum get it there it
is oh you did land you did land - 2017
fence jump it's about on a 45 foot maybe
longer maybe bigger oh my gosh
oh my goodness that was really fun who's
your that is but we are boss that is a
huge gap like legit super fun look at
that I don't know that's like two or
three thousand feet dude this is
next-level right here you guys have seen
big ramps you've seen the pros but have
you ever seen anything like this I gotta
give you some props for that one I
didn't expect the speed say we need more
we need more MORE you want to wrap it
this is next-level jumping right here oh
it was yeah I don't know about you but
I'm loving the entertainment you two
right now like this is one time I get to
sit back and just enjoy the show and you
guys too I don't know what's good this
is like what do we call this at my house
the hillbilly right or they hit the what
was all the redneck ramps redneck ramps
baby here's what I think chase if you
want to really step this up guys I just
know I'm I like I like to go crazy you
know I said we soak this in like some
type of liquid and we light it on fire
love it
I've got the guy yeah a real redneck
ramps need a real redneck tools look at
that
that's a Flintstones build done no now
those guys are crazy
those guys are what are they doing up
there drawling yes mate it may look like
a redneck ramp this is built for success
right here
or something in the middle something in
the middle this guy oh that's yeah young
money right there guys ready are you
ready for the jump of the year this is
it folks
redneck ramp 2017 two pallets tall he's
just going he's just going he wants it
he wants it hard yeah awesome here he
comes ladies gentlemen jump - he's going
for the master points we're gonna want
it we're gonna want to check that ramp
each jump he comes jump three my man
wants to uh man wants to go out two more
packs so we're gonna hook him up with
the right not those helmets we're
looking for here we go
here we go that's it safe safety first
boys don't be silly out there you know
you gotta you got to wear the right
stuff yeah I want you to be safe out
there
Thanks fire yeah we're gonna light it on
fire this though sure for the scene off
hot rod there's like you have time to
check around okay we'd have time that's
basically what we're looking at right
here it just keeps getting bigger
that's dumb it's going it's going it's
going right that's it we put that in
there we got ourselves a legit Lippa D
lip all right guys where you think he's
gonna land with that last jump he was
clearing this patch he's landed out here
so you're talking like this is higher so
he's probably gonna go now he's probably
to go the same distance you think out
there good chance dude you need more gas
this is evel knievel ladies evel knievel
all the ladies are scared all the ladies
here we go oh he's going he's going hard
house awesome here we go oh I can't even
see dip man high-five the helmet I don't
think you needed it you didn't need it I
honestly think the helmet kind of helped
you got more height with the helmet yeah
aerodynamics whoo it is 64 degrees and
we feel like we're like turning the heat
on in the cards I'm not used to it yeah
oh my gosh we're like we're spoiled on
the summer time it's already starting
you cool I don't want to wait Cora but
we're going home right now
what's up I'm coming for you boy I got a
little Miss thang Lomas sleepy thing Oh
all right guys warping uh not warping
we're just home I get used to saying
that what's up nitro oh you just make
the love flow into this household
baby this little one right here we are
we're calling it a night
that's it for the vlog thank you guys
for hanging out with us as a fun just
hang out chill evening and we are going
live on live got me on my live got me
I'll put the link in the description if
you guys don't follow me going alive for
the fight Mayweather for I think we're
gonna go live before the fight though
yeah sometime if you're watching this
today I'm uploading sometime tonight I'm
going live so keep your eye out for that
I will tweet it out before I go and yeah
that's all I got so come hang out with
us today live
about me we love you guys we love you
cane my buddy my goofy buddy see you
guys tomorrow you beautiful you're one
of a kind smile one touch just ran by
you
