welcome to the vlog guys welcome to baby
cores vlog this is gonna be all about
court today how's that comfortable good
morning baby girl
hey sweetie six weeks Sunday can you
believe that yeah you and me both
by the way I just want to let you know
Brittany is she's with a man look at
this look that's about a month's worth
of work but I'm working towards it
today's our anniversary I made my
husband really how many years we've been
together 17 married for 12 oh my gosh
are you no just kidding I'm just kidding
I want to check on Britt but I feel like
she's taking this over Brett hey I'm
just starting the vlog just wanna say I
started the blog I've seen a minute
okay six weeks look at you
she's definitely growing so when I got
back from vacation I was like oh my gosh
she looks so bad I left for a week and
you know when you see something every
day you don't notice the change but I
left for the week definitely a big
change like everything looks different
it's country all you're doing oh no what
is he doing this cannot be good you just
out here on top of the little mini the
mini mega just let that go and you just
brought it back up everyone's asking me
really and they want it like they want
the beard flip
I never flip no bike before there he is
what's up my man this is your tower this
is your lookout tower come on in come on
buddy I'm not coming they're all coming
here's the thought you wouldn't have to
do the exit the escape hatches in the
pond
that's crazy by the way we died the pond
it looks beautiful I want to show you
but I don't know where the best way be
the drone it's crazy it's like it almost
looks blue two word on it bright blue it
looks like a swimming pool which is
crazy you wouldn't have to use this for
the flip and you don't have to flip off
this I don't know you can do like what
like
we've been doing when we go through the
yard you know you rescued the baby
that's perfect so you don't have to use
this it's just like this is a this is a
maybe maybe some practice you get to
this they even doing the flip on that
it's not gonna be easy you know it's
easier than you think it is you've done
the unthinkable of any person has done
before and let it done a back flip off
the nitrous first time first try first
epic thing I've ever seen so far you're
like witness and my eyes if someone
doing something for the first time and
landed it I mean that's you used to
doing things like I'm not used to doing
this at all Roman I don't think anything
in life that I'm with you I'm used to
doing
I definitely changed your life this year
you've done some crazy things this year
oh wait we stepping it up - what else
you doing what are you doing now what
are you starting with my mom this week
what we're doing school this Suba start
calling you shark bait that's right
we're going scuba diving guys in case
you missed the vlog where we talked
about this beard flip the idea was that
country has to land a backflip or he has
to shave his beard
that's a horrible deal I don't even know
how did I even get into the guts a
horrible deal you got so ripped off I
actually feel bad about it and and the
one will really actually entertain that
is Dale my brother was like a convincing
he could be like a sports entertainer
you can sell anything he can sell
anything Dale and I grew up in sales
which is crazy that you say that Dale
can sell he convinced you to shave your
beard if you don't land it's a double
movie you have to do attempt a backflip
but you have to shave your beard oh and
I just and I don't know and I just fell
into the trap okay guys so I got home
and one of you get slide that looks like
a splint away that's yeah it's a
splinter our drop tower is done at least
I think I think we should paint it or
something
puts like some big arrows or something
cool on it or maybe Nitro Circus gives
us a big sticker for our mini ramp I
don't know
that'd be cool maybe we could put some
letter in and go down and to put spa
more yeah definitely
for sure Oh awesome I mean I can't do it
but somebody can do that be
it should smile more gonna cross that
was weaker fall on it at least I know
like before my face like this I need
some smile so it's really hard to tell
on camera but the water is uh it's like
a blue turquoise the whole pond now is
like a turquoise blue what are you doing
with that
you gotta bury the beard
hashtag bury the beard baby building the
grave for his back trying to get angle
this pond it shows the color of the
water obviously you guys seen it before
and it was like I almost was just mud
from all the rain it would rush down in
these fields and fill it with mud now
we've got it all closed off she's coming
to life she's almost starting to look
like that photo I posted way back when
on Twitter so you can kind of tell it's
I don't know it looks dark green but
it's like a bright blueish aqua it's
hard to explain there's a little bit
School Bus still sitting in the exact
same spot as we left it I feel like you
guys know I've been guy was gone for the
week working on the big project and then
I came home and I feel like I did a very
poor job at just coming back home and
and and showing you guys everything and
keeping you up-to-date on the house I
just did a bad job of that so that's
kind of what today is
plus it's still chilling looks great I
think tomorrow we're gonna attempt to
make it run can we make it run though
that's the ultimate hey baby what's up I
don't know you just hang out with me now
just your doghouse now there's a new
home you're lots of seats for other pups
that's a cool picture buddy that's a
cool picture straw alright ladies do I
got a surprise for you
actually I think you already know yeah
you know I feel like you know you know
okay this ain't much of a surprise mood
it's such a sweet God you guys know I'm
not a huge fan of country but I feel
like in every genre there's like those
artists that are just so legendary even
if you don't like country you like this
artist right hey you love country man
you have country
I love bakflip country your country
siegy our partners are a scene
yep this is gonna make you guys so happy
I know you already I know you already
know but I don't have you know read it
we're going to Tim McGraw and Faith Hill
worldwide tour 2017 Nationwide Arena
September 7th are you ready
maybe we can get you to sing with them I
had perfect karaoke Victoria Justice Tim
McGraw live September 7th
if you don't know what sea geek is it is
an app that puts all the tickets into
one place to make buying easy they've
been hooking us up they cook the kids up
not long ago with the twenty one pilots
concert it was unbelievable it's a huge
shout out to them if you don't already
have it download the app it's free
imagine like okay so here's the concert
click it green means like great deal
like you're getting a great deal on
those tickets red is not such a great
deal so it tells you like it's a scale
of if you're getting a good deal or not
on your tickets plus it gave me an
awesome promo code use promo code rum
and our OMA in it is $20 off your ticket
order using seat geek out twenty bucks
off so if you want to go to any event or
concerts use promo code Roman give it to
your buddies give it to your friends get
$20 off your next concert have fun so
try to try to contain yourself ladies
the she's already inviting PDD deep Dee
Dee Dee Dee oh you got nitro nitro give
me five little buddy really hang I was
about to throw that box away though it's
not no dude you're getting so big
you look like an adult in the kitchen
like a full grown human annoying dad
alert annoying dad alert give me love
give me attention
I'm not gonna best wears tux we're
hunting for tux they even use this thing
oh really
if he tux went out in the last box I
threw out oh no way oh my gosh you're
half on half what up tux tuxedo you just
sleeping in here
you know you buy them you buy them a
little mansion right there and they
don't even they want to sleep in that
chair this is the giveaway right there
he's trying to be camo with the cords
court Jemma I don't think the camera
really shows it maybe it does but you
could see how colorful the pond is now
it just looks like a playground it looks
so much more fun hi didn't say funner
guys I need I need to be very real with
you for a minute today is so full of so
many things everything from the big
project to some things we have to
absolutely get done I'm gonna bail today
is a quick update of us here at the
house it's you know Noah wearing a
tie-dye shirt
what's up what's up it's all of the
above and I honestly cannot keep missing
days it is driving me nuts
you guys know it's a struggle man right
now I swear it is I'm doing everything I
can I don't want to make excuses we're
trying our best
thanks for being here let's get the
beard foot rolling let's get the bus
running let's get the dogs barking let's
get the cats meow and let's get the bees
stinging I don't know what I just said
no Todd I'm just talking knowing dad
alert annoying that know one of these
days I'm gonna annoy you one of these
days I got the best kids in the world
thank you guys so much for being here I
saw a really good comment the other day
it was I was talking about changing the
channel name as a joke to like we're
always back or we're coming back soon or
and somebody put the channel name should
be roaming out with vlogs sometimes
thanks for being here we will see you
tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
