hey guys welcome to the fall I don't
need that definitely don't need that for
breakfast do i or do i or do i hope you
guys are having an awesome day I'm just
getting my starts getting dark in here
actually I am packing up headed out
getting ready to shoot today headed to
see all Britain says oh I love you too
baby I love you too so I'm about to walk
out after I just end up reply back to
Bret I'm about to walk out we are doing
today I'm in Los Angeles Justice why we
flew into LA it was terribly difficult
leaving the family for this one
yesterday's vlog explains all of that
but today I'm here for a big big project
and I'm going to film as much as I can a
lot of it is being filmed for the big
project so I don't want to spoil I don't
want to ruin I want it to be great when
this project comes out until then I'll
just be filming if you know as I usually
do more behind the scenes and a lot of
lot of fun stuff but what I get
distracted
nearly described what I don't need
really anything in this backpack laptop
that's it so yeah I am going to take you
guys out today on my my journey today is
really really awesome day and I've been
very excited about it obviously I want
to show you guys more but in the end
it's this is going to be awesome it's
going to be great so let's hang out
have a great day if you have any
problems right now set it aside just
take a deep breath enjoy this full
laptops got a mind of its own right now
enjoy guys I love you thanks for being
here I'm really with you guys right now
fam back in Ohio and I just miss him so
much thanks for being here with me
hopefully Brit when we have a Simpson
footage he's been working on it but with
Korra and Kane and the kids she's she
get her hands full so she doesn't send
footage don't be upset she's doing above
and beyond
so let's do it
hey what's up baby baby's just got Korra
back and feeding wearing pink and red
for the box right now where's King come
here Caine where's Korra
let me see Korra he's pooping hot day
the girl oh oh look at my baby
oh all right so how'd you sleep you
sleep good after the ribs last night you
get a nice big old bear sleep Oh chase
well I slept amazing
you slept good haven't had that much
coffee some supplementing with a little
little juice a little blue juice John
what's up buddy how'd you sleep last
night I know you weren't at the hotel
but that's okay you slept great we are
off a big project today we're looking
for that oh I see it right there that's
it we've been looking forever and it's
literally right there we are about to
pull into the Chino skate park and Chino
is that the name of the town John yep
Gina never I've never been here it's
beautiful place
oh this is a huge skatepark is awesome I
know who this island is alright guys but
oh I think you got competition here
country how many buddy
what you gonna do about that you want to
see what we'll do about the last a
little test is like you know you hit a
mini ramp today on that on overhead E no
hander I was landing let's see if he
lands it yes or no right now mmm called
it I'll tell you why he didn't land it
I'll tell you what didn't nobody
believed in him everybody said no and
that's why you failed
yes start saying yes I ready I must say
he's gonna land this next one right
don't give up buddy you got this here we
go here we go he's gonna win manual all
right all right so we just arrived at
the Chino skate park we're doing
something really cool for a couple kids
day a lot of what I'm doing on this
project is supplying people in need and
basically giving them an epic day
something so great that they'll never
forget but while we wait I couldn't help
notice the bolts and nuts on this Tower
look at this
dude look at those why am I so
fascinated with that that's my hand oh
my gosh you got to get on there
you got to get on I was really just
asking my friend another that reason
anything so man how are you as I said
earlier I can't exactly tell you what
we're doing today but I am sitting with
the legend aaron and i aaron wheels out
can't even hardly probably see you show
it did you black my screen up air will
you probably know them for what's that
nitrous er it's probably like I mean
that's where I discovered you like back
back back in the direction the deck when
you're 25 you're still young
so Aaron and I are working on a big
project together today and it's going to
be just fantastic today man he's going
to be so pumped so let's go get it
have some fun and I think he's going to
ramp me later right yeah yeah then these
backflips
he just backless I can't even land back
foots on concrete oh well we're about to
find out I'm just going to go down that
I think about it oh it's so crazy dude I
can't like I can't figure it out
mentally because it's straight down just
don't think about it shake
oh my gosh what well be like so sideways
like who he's just going look at with it
I love this guy on see ya hmm what she's
just gonna fly off this ledge like off
that yeah of course I am I got this I'm
gonna lay there if you do it I'm at
you're gonna jump over me I mean oh my
gosh
like nothing whoa well thanks for not
smashing me dude you did it like not
absolutely nothing like you just flew me
like a bird
hey ah cocoon wants you the best trick
out here today I know somebody's holding
out oh it's the casual dirtbike at the
skate park
i friggin love it oh my gosh like
dropping in bowls and hitting lips
oh she's dude oh man I think you got to
step up your red bike game and skate
parks is the next step you have
committed is definitely it looks like a
block an effortless but this cruise shut
up absolutely super fun way to go oh my
god out here trying to teach me how to
do a I've never done this like I've
tried it but I've no idea how to do it
back so I kick forward anything
a helicopter oh they got a little secret
we go first try
you're not even needed it's impossible
boys are beat looks so easy doesn't it
all right so how long did it take you to
learn and tell us like two weeks two
weeks I feel good then I feel bad I
thought I had to know this like right
now
okay I'll feel bad that I'm gonna try
one day 10 minutes
oh no props to scooter riders man
seriously I crash hard so wheels is
going to attempt to flip for you guys
which is super rare and super difficult
climbing up on here and the way he does
he's going to ride across drop in here
and attempt to flip on this lip which
I'm sure it looks small on camera but it
is terrifying to me like I can't imagine
and you're in country yeah yeah soon
yeah yeah okay
so Aaron and I have filmed so much today
dude thank you so much like I wanted to
meet you for a long time and when you
became part of this I was so excited but
you just did so much Damon thank you
thanks for having me to be part of it
and it was so amazing I can't wait till
you guys see everything that's going on
but great job man let's go to New York
man you know what is this guy doing what
is this guy doing
country don't you do oh my gosh is a
nice cream truck not is a one-stop shop
Hey oh my I've never seen anything like
this
what are you getting dig up hospitals
yeah bomb pop yeah Oh
oh my gosh what are you gonna get Bugs
Bunny or you spongebob they got it all
yeah you know so many hugs did what's
the best one guys like seriously what's
your favorite trucker tacos are popular
I'll tell you my favorite is I left my
favorite but I always fall for that
regional bomb pop that's a good one
right there dude I ain't your bomb pop
we gotta do it
cheers cheers bro ha ha ha you know it's
hard to believe oh how exist when you go
anywhere
look at that it's beautiful what a great
date thanks for driving I don't even
know you're in attack I just want to say
thank you a fantastic day I'm Kent on
cloud 9 it went so what usually
production doesn't go that well I guess
it's not smooth is and I not it show how
many cannons we have today total listen
is nuts
5 plus
five plus the Clurman and Trotter don't
they don't make it something that big X
make me sound like I'm lying
what's the twins what are we doing what
are you doing right now I'm just going
through Facebook right now and I think
we will get them deep maybe using are
you with the defense nicely Boise
stressing Mike how did you get it back
I can't you treat I think I jolly
rancher popsicle laid him out what's the
flurries bro you're some crazy old we
could watch Netflix okay warping back to
the hotel not a much one on we got to
get up very early and get on an airplane
to New York City to my is it new no
Rochester Rochester Rochester Euler
upstate New York London to Rochester
believe this view guys beautiful
peaceful and look at the fountain man
that's what I need at the pond I thought
like just the fountain was okay but look
at this that's that's a choreographed
fountain that's just in the middle of
street hey has no reason to be there
it's just beautiful and it's in the
middle of the street if I could make one
adjustment to what how about putting a
bulb in that light like ah should be
like blue yeah like something yeah I
agree
blue lights what should the street light
to be green ooh okay well they are green
and let that bag so we're just hanging
out we're about to watch some some clips
that we have to review and it really
makes no sense actually we love you guys
so much thanks for hanging out today and
be impatient with the footage that we
can't show you yet we love you so much
thanks for everything and we've seen mom
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smell
you
you
