thank you and just like that guys
warping back to Los Angeles new flights
later flying all the way left like porn
warning brutal for me I feel lucky
getting up early how about you
so please do country how was it getting
up at 4:00 in the morning yeah
where the country came into our room
kind of scooped me up scared me the car
that was really like to thank you for
that
the question is how do you go from that
epoch back
I guess they I feel good
I've got a story before I use the
muscles and things that I've never used
in my life like I just like tensed up
and on my neck so being on that plane
trying to slave thing
well we're here we're in LA it's sunny
let's go
hi guys let's see if I can get a hold of
the family here miss everybody so much
see what we got
hey hey what's up well my things still
calling you that's so weird
what are you Patten are you patting
Korres but yeah I can hear it pump pump
pump how are you hi baby girl
hi Korra ah I miss you guys I'm coming
home tomorrow
ah who is that there's my boy
where you at I'm in California hey I
miss you so much guess what I'm coming
home tomorrow
right here well yeah
just one more day what that's it I'll be
on the tackle you tomorrow why don't you
show won't you show me that real kitty
you got ah did you name it buddy
ah I love you guys I gotta go
I'll see you tomorrow okay you're the
best
I love you bud I miss you more love you
see you tomorrow
I love you baby man you give Korra kiss
for me ah see my boy see my boys around
my boy Noah hey hey what's a bud hmm why
is my thing still ringing can hear me
what the heck not gay are you uh
recurse to KITT what's going on there
I hear you yeah yes
how's my boy awesome coming home
tomorrow
haha I'm so excited
ah I love you bud treat my boy to
romantic Steak lunch out here on the
balcony tunes and we think I got the
three bulls three cakes three steaks
we've been flying for like ever man
multiple flights all we just got to get
some food cuz we got another big day
today it's last stop and we can't slow
down we need energy protein power if you
are sleeping you gotta be eating man
how's that cheesecake looking that in
that edible let's chalk white chocolate
edible on top about to go in
boom oh you all just do that I don't
know if I'm getting sick or what I'm
like
not feeling the best but we just
devoured the steaks God you ate the
whole plate okay you left some taters
you know what you got distracted in
those juices kept looking at me and I
think um have it take
they are come over here alright guys we
are warping past some pizza eating yo
and making new shows today thank you
thank you you know today I feel like
I've you know up we've been working on
say my brother's here hey Jase is
packing up I feel like today's but I've
been as we've been doing this project
I've done a great job of vlogging and
doing this secret project without you
guys really know what's going on today I
feel like I've really ripped you off
because we've been filming for hours and
hours and hours and I have not touched
this camera so here we are
Steven Seagal Oh driving the behind
behind the wheel
he's the best driver I said we've
requested you all week you know that
right I didn't know like they're like
who do you want the job is like Steven
okay what's your real name is Steven are
you serious it's like these star if
you're not on our blogs they'll
understand like we've missed a lot in
garnet look at mean look out look at
night time almost already it's kind of
pinky compared to yesterday we're at
Nitro Circus filming is going crazy all
day it's a different flocks and thanks
for being here either way we are where
we doing we're going to eat what are we
doing where we're going to eat the hotel
Carla has like popcorn pop monster out
something I'll tell you what they do
have to have New York strips with
cheesecake and Red Bull we can vouch for
that treated my boy is right today
beautiful got an older full of like cold
Red Bull to the trunk wow did you not
hone it out on me this whole time
no kidding when you had walked out with
the Red Bull that literally said okay
cool slay like got wet in the cooler I
thought somebody else like told you Pat
I thought that's what you've been
driving like a maniac you drove all the
red bulbs out there in the truth
beautiful sunset and I can't see there
it is
look at that la I'm starting to think I
need to just roll mall vlog for you guys
because the conversations where they're
having a kind of rebuttal right let me
let me have some of it but it's a fight
for salted butter right now the table
that rotted your own butter raw butter
you know other people come in answer the
countess bread too hard
no one trip tell a world even I can't
call for help and I was like you know
listen it takes there's one each of the
bread at the little hard you know and
understand what addition I mean the
brother target are this has been almost
a five-minute conversation or a hot
rainy end of everywhere nation and hours
and hours and hours and hours we've only
gotten to the bread I'm Paul I'm going
to go not much going on actually we have
no idea what we're going to do and like
part of me is like I got to do something
for you guys than the other parts of
like you know it is what it is it is
like we're getting I'm burly super early
flight home tomorrow we get going to our
families and kids and go back to them
dude what are we going to do you step up
again with the Nitro Circus bro
I still haven't went off the bottom dude
please you want to buy more available
I'm Nadia
country backflip and bike
oh you attempt to back lift here you're
going into water and we know it can save
it all you got to do is Eddie what you
guys yesterday and learn anything in all
seriousness I think we need to beef up
you do the motorcycle
I think we need to open the valve port
the little exhaust pipe and get that
thing up to snuff because I'm going to
tell you when wow just a softer I drove
it without your permission I'm not only
I fired it up with a smile on my face I
drove it around the yard I'm well I mean
it's meant for water here's what I'm
going to call it I think we call this
one the beard flip the beard put a beard
slip and the reason I say that because
the consequence for not landing this
flip
I don't even appreciate it here though
you got shave it clean oh my god but we
can do like the handlebars listen I'm
gonna take three days to go back what
are you guys think the beard switch you
know a big beard I love it hey if I fail
mine I'll shave mine off too
boom wall say I'm going to say I'll
shave I'm in the same boat as you
I'll make a deal ok we can do thank you
very much all right
I have to see exactly what you set me up
for ok no we'll do it completely
realistic like professional you know the
question is if I make this
all right you have to make yeah you know
right after yeah of course
and if I don't do it I will save the
baby if you don't make the account I
don't make them but if I do make what
location do we say are you didn't even
trot and he's like no no I tried I was
like good impression by the way what
rotation do we ever get to like 30
percent a 90-degree angle leg I think I
can't even argue get a blip the flip
flip split lip yeah but like he's saying
the attempt so he could ride it straight
off you know out in the town I all he
lands on his back haha I try not to make
some type of revolution how about their
head if you lands on his head deficits
out that's intense but not flip you can
land a flip I didn't see it first try
given if you listen to his warning
course I will attempt you look at the
underlining contract paperwork there's a
fine line in the states but he only has
this simple jump all right I'm going to
do it but this is the question if I duel
and then Roman has to grow out his beard
yep what you think I'm doing waiting for
you you got to start calling oh it's
better deal missus hates your beard to
hit page this is for one hour truffle
one whenever we clear his face and do
the funky beard but no my yes sounds
like it because I do if you have to say
that I have to wear it you gotta wear
that's a two-part view yeah we need like
a makeup artist show up and be ready
oh my god it might be pumped out I'm
here I did are you just different glue
right I just got back a super glue it'll
come off eventually anyone heard of now
you know I'm a delegate like a stick at
Elmer
you're like a thick gel it just kind of
mapped it on my caramel when's the time
coming like loses I just want to say
something real quick so I don't walk
walk much how's it going good I didn't
use you ate it it gets so lost we just
start talking randomly how did it how do
my birria get into the house when he
said back plucking a trigger I looked at
your beer like a beer but I also think
like a sleep deprivation type thing is
kicked in where it is or no but we're
also out of it maybe they were trying
something in the brown and salted butter
on door so I just know that I haven't
got my life except saving a baby
he'll deserve them either like honestly
God somebody did it he just angry right
angry like so I wasn't there in person I
can only see what I watching this vlog
and like you did hit that column make
your foot oh like that could have been a
kill head no listen it's going to hit
Nicole are you sure yet like so when
you're taking a ride expect with
maneuverability your mirror touches that
clown BAM I'm not have to conga broke
you're done then there's no like I'm
going to play
I'm going under the table there's about
to be a fight they're hungry they're
tired they're goofy I believe that baby
is very posted I had a choice
and yeah I pushed that cold and they did
but no and I had to let that baby knows
either my foot but you get hit so I gave
my foot so here's the thing and those
were like half sized homes that wasn't
even fun sized home so if you were like
taking a driving test failed intimate
but the baby dragons like even I was
like sounds like you don't deserve it
I hope he doesn't get it he failed
already why is he going on the next test
when we fail to punch one it wasn't the
best two out of three I actually said
that I wasn't an exact point I gave him
the remember to look there that yeah
we're talking about the video one muscle
in my country ramps the bike into the
pond and we put him through a driver's I
give him a draft for that whatever time
you save the baby in the pond he did but
he failed to personally but I let that
one the concussions on the second one
from the baby rocking on the way back
like I don't know how I need to bring
his baby back he says is bring it back
given to me I remember him to say just
bring it bitch I wasn't in the moment
maybe it was harder than it looked
but hunk it was baby on a dirt bike I'm
not gonna let Ted claim under the knife
something it has been conversations got
it am I crazy he's got it and yet this
is a good testament right now hit that
like button if you like ROFL it's not
well we won't do them anymore because I
don't think around a hashmap hashtag
beard flip that's what I'm saying
hashtag beer click the epic beard clip
2007 let heard round the world deal
heaven there nothing you need let him do
so he'll build or build around prop
around do you one better than dead still
damn this i'ma watch you go off the
ground and laugh always so the question
is this I'm being very serious you know
how do we say the bite like I don't want
the bike to go underneath the water god
no who actually use oh no no we want no
no no we won't use the motorbike this
will be with like one of the big
mountain bike that they have Sherlock
nice I hit it right like a full side
like like like Ali it's a mix between a
BMX bike and a mountain side allow
internet for jumping yeah I'll get you
up because you don't want to you don't
want that heavy dirt bike landed onion
is oh yeah
we'll set it up right now I'm not a
professional be liberal you'll be your
do it I agree Roman will Roman his went
next level flipping field I don't know
what happened I was governed me like a
cat honestly I was breathless watching
the video I think the people in the car
was showing it to me am i I thought it
was fake really I'm legit mom and dad
mom and it's all over that that's all
everything a private exit could you Bob
gave your mom a heart yeah Oh baby pull
out fine proper beard flapper sure if
you're like yeah and then it cut
somebody else doing it that would have
been and it was doing it I did it I
wanted it guys wanted it so bad anyway
it was really nice dinner talk before
dinner even got here see guys this is
just real talk let's just set the camera
we're going to roll for 200 minutes
there we have to get shot flipped it's
noted minutes later in this leasing 200
minutes later here alright guys warming
up to my room thick that's not gonna
work how about this one right here thank
you guys for hanging out today I feel
today's one of those days where
production side of things got the best
of me and I couldn't provide much of a
vlog for you but I'm flying home
tomorrow
which is huge I get to be home with the
kids of Britt and this new kitten which
still doesn't have a name
thanks for being here I'm exhausted we
are we're running on no sleep we have
eaten good just thanks for being here
guys for the boring vlogs for the raw
vlogs I feel like a lot of years like
the raw vlogs but they're definitely
weird sometimes just as always thanks
for being a part of my everyday whether
it's the crazy Nitro Circus backflip
best to just sit here in LA working a
lot thanks for being a part of it all I
can think about is getting home to the
kids to the family to the don't you to
the dog to the pond to the beard flip
whatever it is I'm excited to go home
and home is is everything family it's
just it's all there and today was super
important that we did something so huge
when you see it you're gonna you're
gonna really understand it's gonna be
amazing I'm so excited to show you guys
this so thanks for being a part of it I
love you
you're beautiful you're one of
a kind stay positive guys keep your head
up keep fighting keep moving for so many
things is going to bring you down so
many thoughts that are going to take you
down you just got to keep climb and keep
going you are so strong and I know
you're going to do it so I'll see you
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind
smile more
you
