alright guys welcome to the vlog I'm
super super excited today I'm doing
something that I've never done and I'm
actually at a place I've never been
I am at the Rochester baseball field I
don't serve a team blaze here that's how
bad I am a sports what is it
Red Wings I knew that dude I was testing
you
do you guys know I know nothing about
sports so I'm super pumped today not
only am i pump but I am hanging out with
Orion really until this I can't even
explain like how excited I don't watch a
lot of YouTube but I follow you on
YouTube and I watch your stuff all in
black I feel blessed to hear that I'm
plum I've been a little bit of a fangirl
kind of like I'm behind it but I'm
really excited for today and want to try
to like put some perspective into what
these guys do because they I watch you
on camera yeah and it just doesn't look
like this like it is so big guys the
ramps are so huge the gaps are so big I
want to sort of capture that because I
don't know maybe it's the cameras you're
using but I just you don't see the size
you'll see the height this guy is crazy
I guess I'm just I'm just like used to
it now like I don't really mind him I
yeah it's just a big ramp to the big
jump I'm not like I don't really think
about how actually beginning I'm looking
at it like that's a skyscraper that you
go down and then you jump in the Grand
Canyon basically that's what o'clock
spot yeah pretty fun I find it fun
oregan you would dude right he's trying
to get me to go up here today he's
trying to he's trying to kill me okay
here's some people so you might get to
see the size of the drop in look look at
that so the drop in is absolutely
massive I get to me it is it's a tower
that you just fall off them and then the
gaps on these ramps so you drop it you
drop it off the tower you ride down and
then here's the ramps and then the down
side all the way over here look at that
man we're here little early so we get to
see them watch them build this is for
the motocross stuff so yeah guys welcome
to the vlog I'm very very excited I'm
definitely a fangirl over all the the
riders here like I've been following so
many of them for so long and I see them
like guys like Ryan I'm like what the
heck dude you're crazy so what'd you
take what do you think
if excited I just think you shoulda
brought your little bike man look you
could imagine the pawns you could hit
with that imagine the lakes that you can
just devour but there's no lake over
there just hard landing it's just the
end of country it would be the epic I
know gotta respect these rides the guys
like another level I want to try to get
you guys some perspective on this gap
look at that oh my god
it's one thing to jump it Willy you're
good at it like it's one thing to jump
it you're doing like Olympic diving
trick off of this thing just practice
practice makes perfect I mean the first
time I did always probably just as
scared as you would be but then I've
done it like a thousand times so it's
like just another walk in the park man
you do it all right give me a lay of the
land man like what's going on over here
off so you got some motocross and then
I'm looking at like some crazy forties
you landrum with wheels on it so you
guys go down yeah gone I've seen some of
it I think I've seen this couch dummy so
they go off that mega ramp with the
couch cooler and a barrel no they had
note have you done it me nah that's how
I know I have no business standing over
here right there if you haven't done it
because they make me rise I ride to
things like a BMX and a scooter so they
let me they let me off they don't shut
me in any of these because are you've
already doing enough yeah exactly so
this is what Ryan thinks that I'll be
safe doing today all right first of all
you ride these you take that yeah you've
done that one I haven't personally done
that one but they're doing many people
try do that ones I would say try
wouldn't thought I'd do it I always like
I try is just a graveyard of like
definitely hold it back up that's the
last guy that went down right there
the last guy like me that showed up and
like I can do it that's what was left
right there so this is what he's saying
I should do right here the trike
I got it oh my god here's where I'm at
mentally okay because obviously I'm
freaked out a little bit like it's easy
to sit down here and sit on this try can
be like this is no big deal but when you
get up on that Tower I'm pretty sure I'm
going to be scared to death but here's
where I might mentally this is my first
time at Nitro Circus I have the chance
to do something you do you pass it up
like I feel like I go to bed tonight go
on I can't believe I just went there and
hung out but I want to drop in and do
something chase and cut country will you
catch me if you just stand on the edge
and try to catch me it'll be worth it
maybe stand in the middle
listen on the edge stand in the middle
just in case that's it should we do some
practice run if you guys stand on the on
the ramp like that I'll do it okay so
just to keep things rolling we're going
to walk up the 64 stair 64 I haven't
counted this one yet but you can kind of
throw and okay well tell you when we get
there we're going to go up and look at
this thing
wow this is no joke dude it's no joke
all right look how high we are guys
first of all we're up in the sky and
this thing is straight friggin down look
at country you're going to catch me
you're right I said it I said it once
I'll say it again does not look high on
camera like when I look down my camera
it doesn't look like nothing have you
slid down this on your butt yeah but
they painted it now we like some ghost
grip you see so when it rains we can
still ride almost but uh that's good for
you because then you won't slip around
you'll be straight heading for the ramp
but yeah you can't slow down but you
might wreck you catching my good jeans
your H&M bro
okay so it's about 46 steps up something
like that we're going to go grab a bike
it's a little early everything's not
even set up yet but I'm feeling at least
as of right now oh boy at least as of
right now I'm feeling kind of confident
to get this trike out and go down this
ramp and just hit it Ryan said you can't
just hit this ramp like it's way easier
to back with it so now I'm like now
you're a backflip like it's one thing to
ramp this mega ramp it's another thing
to land a back foot but you guys know
I'm not like I haven't mastered
excellent it's going to be like
completely walking expressible click it
you got a catch me man oh I am this so
the gap is 40-foot from the tip of that
ramp to that mountainside 40 feet I'm
not that I was adjusting me wearing a
baseball player yeah yeah so I asked
them to get me to love you gotta catch
me be like this and I'm gonna be them
you're gonna be like bumblebee on
transformers and if I'm falling whoa
golly gosh all right I'm feeling good
feeling good I'm scared yeah
yo this is something that I've never
ever ever attempted in my life and
honestly it's like a dream come true to
even be here so do I pass the
opportunity I think so only got one I
got it commit one shot do not miss your
chance to blow
how many tries for this trick right here
probably like a hundred and sixty tries
so when you landed it was like the
greatest yeah the thing is though it's
not 160 tries at a skate park
it's like 160 times walking up the
stairs that's right so basically I'll go
up I initiate a back foot with my body I
drove the scooter forward into a front
flip it just merely cooks my blog doing
a back flip I'm doing the back foot
scooters doing a front flip and then the
only reason I landed this one was
because the scooter actually hits me in
the head with the bullet hits me in the
head
you can see us live here hits me in the
head don't I catch it and then just
throw it and walk yeah I feel good for
you in your land I lost my mind I was
like literally I didn't know I didn't
even measure out like I was at the time
I like last time I've seen someone like
that excited when country ramps his bike
into the pond
so guys we're our time is ticking and uh
you know I'm riding a tempting maybe a
truck see now saying I'm doing it yeah I
went from maybe so I'm doing it and I
figured chicken fingers with the best
fuel for tricycle and I just puts me
back to stage
kid Moe Trotsky fuel truck fuel and
we're back we're back we're going to
keep this young anticipation is kind of
killing it's kind of one of them things
I just want to go and do it right now
okay you know I'm kind of thinking about
sub dog so well my man go go doing a
burnout this is it slippery for that
uh-uh
so this thing today is either gonna be
my best friend and my worst enemy ah
didn't nervous guys it's so big like
this is for literally professionals the
best in the world do this but barking
you're all they use you can jam with us
all right
oh it's hot so this is actually that's
awesome
yo it is hot woohoo I'm skin that does
not feel good my bad okay so here's
here's something true story you've never
dropped in on this on a trike not on a
draw-game up sorry I'm going to I'm
going to dummy this for you and I'm
going to be the first one today and you
when you when you said you're nervous
now I'll start get more nervous because
I oh it's nothing right yeah but I'm
going to of it like I know I'll make it
to the jump and I thought that that's
all you're nervous about so I got a show
to do I mean if I get hurt I just go
home you get hurt you lose you miss your
show yeah no I'm just pretending me
nervous I sweat
so I guess I should explain that the
reason I'm actually at Nitro Circus
today is because of a much bigger
project the project that you don't
really get to see a lot of right now but
soon it will be coming out and you see
that you know all this stuff has that
camera treating chase that's great yeah
this is one of the greatest things we've
ever done it is I miss beautiful whole
entire thing is I hope what you really
want to do today actually
happen yeah we just go we just got word
we just got word that I might not even
be allowed to attempt to jump which
would suck knack that had so much
thought and I want to do it that I would
be really bummed yeah but I have
confidence in you if anyone can do it
it's you not me and bushy said you give
me ten bucks
that's really not limit okay so thank
you - Willie because he just can't he
was he came up to me like y'all I'm
fighting for your heart because legal
wasn't allowing me to do this but you
did it dude yeah okay I went in I was
like no he's a professional BMX rider
he's done this before so many times just
let him do it
so know you guys like we do it because I
can do a bunny hop I'm a professional
exactly so guys it looks like if I can
get the confidence which I'm feeling
pretty good I'm going to drop down the
mega ramp and hit this thing on the
trike yo-yo it's street bike Tommy doing
the legend himself off you guys haven't
seen a very faint one of the most famous
clips hides doubt of all these random
clips was this guy that was Travis this
foam bit wasn't it was a traffic offense
put a foam and it ended up in some scrap
plywood just literally cleared
everything on a street it was the first
time I ever did anything in my life
so hey man first time I jumped in
dirtbike with that Travis - see on the
same foam - yeah yeah don't do it on
1,000 it goes Willy
Oh guys you know it's getting closer
Ryan's bringing her over sent and uh I
think you're going to hear it my voice
I'm getting nervous the closer we get
I'm actually like I can feel it yeah
whoo
all right guys we're kind of jumping
around a little bit but it's getting
very real I've been approved they're
putting it all together and I'm about to
head up that ramp and do the manga jump
at Nitro Circus like I'm so honored I'm
so excited I'm super nervous it's just I
know with all my heart if I can just get
down that side I got this that drop is
so terrifying I know once I hit the ramp
I'm good maybe how you feeling
is your heart racing yeah yeah I mean
I'm good you got to film for me yeah you
got to all right so I got the pros here
what's your one piece of advice for me
don't lean back down the role in if you
lean back you're going to do it Willie
and slide out through the bottom go on
we're gonna bring her all right great
advice
how does when that happens don't handle
full panic I'm all good I got the medic
standing right there very much don't
panic watch - a lot as soon as you give
it a little punch you gotta back up for
very low or the opposite advice if you
want to back back you better lean back
how about you might be got around yeah
not ignorant yeah he was talking about
on the start yeah I lean back Bella
pretty good pretty calm
do you want to do I want to do it oh and
okay I'm fine the way you guys are going
to go first so I can see what the heck
to do I got a lot of paper scissors do
any business by tomorrow did you say far
Rock gopher Raja see you guys know Ryan
has never dropped in on the speeder with
the strike so its first time and this is
one of the moments where I have no
problem putting on a helmet in here and
keep my eye on you got it
no you got a little joke easy way where
did you land at I landed pretty funny on
all right guys I'm headed up just
SuperDuper to the SuperDuper staircase
you're literally testing the ramp right
now I'm testing it but making it made a
video in the game added a bigger gap
basically so and it's windy like Hills
really back last time I'm going to have
you a little bit of a push not much
right if I don't make it you need a
bigger push all right Manny I'm ready
feel the rhythm before I'm a push come
on buddy oh thank you guys oh my god
all these guys are too good at what they
do
no that was Ruth your luck
you got that Roman you definitely got
you know I like how you just hung Willy
yeah yeah well are you you're getting
your get the VIP treatment
oh my yeah I get free to ride know about
that
now you know it's all downhill from here
you go enjoy your time right look at the
take off about here man you got this bro
Wow
in yourself you just do Wow oh yeah
thank you so freaking much dude whoa
we're not happening to help you type in
whoo yeah
my cheeks hurt so much when I heard the
crowd erupted I knew I just know he's
lucky oh yo so here's the thing it was
really hard to get them to let me do the
jump but he just walked up to me and
said well I guess you've proven yourself
you want to do it live tonight during
the show because right now it's just
more months to practice stadiums not
even oh yeah you do - look what you're
talking in how often does that happen
honestly never never never ever happens
you never even broke down the red you've
never even touched the truck and you
just come back for the first drive then
you like landed in Peter and John I
don't know I'm so so happy guys you got
to overcome your fear and just try
things like not telling you to go hit a
giant ramp on this island sometimes
we're scared and a what
just an emotion but it is not really
what keeps renewable you actually can do
so you know all about it I just don't
let it hold you back you push through
and it's the best feeling to overcome
that being and get to get everybody was
trying to talking out of this ergo no no
hold the next like you guys knew I just
stuck to my guns and we did it and I'm
so happy
Thanks
laughing Danny
my god so skipping around a little bit
again but look they got can you shoot
the back of this one yet Michelle you
guys are the best
they look at it odd suits you men follow
nitro Jersey man holy credit I don't
want I want to like take it up and put
it in frame and hang it up yeah did you
I mean the I go to jumping they get
daddy give it a wash hang it over to los
there the kids are pumped this place is
lit ready for you guys and yeah I can't
wait to throw down I mean I'm leaving
such a high I'm ready to bring it back
up is it bad that I'm already thinking
like I want to do it again no that's
what I'm going to get on it I know why
they do it man you do it you just want
to keep going agility I don't afraid on
to the boss but are you feeling for the
next one they think you're going to
throw it again
yeah no dude I don't know yeah I know
I landed first try you're you do nothing
you just stop there or do you try again
now your your records 100% why would you
try again but but if I but if I do it
again I go to 50% no a hundred or two
hundred percent
I like your guys thing let's go for 200
so you're about to see what I meant
about not doing straightest right onto
the back
I'm actually expecting so start guys got
something here attack up the time so
it's like I've always wanted to come to
them then like a forever thing for me so
to be here to be a part of it have to
come into another example if everybody
out here
I'm counting that I guess
Oh
oh okay
yo I ate it that time over-rotated here
we go cool
you
holy moly blurry come on baby come on
baby
it is intermission I just hold it down
intermission and I got to tell you man
the camera has no just a no justice to
this but if you haven't come to
something like this yeah you got it like
it is it something take the kids get the
kids out of house this is it may have
and it is amazing life like I've always
wanted to come here but being here in
person is absolutely amazing like it is
so fun that being said what flip did you
like on a note because everyone loves
fails so did you like my flip where I
landed it best or the foot where I
failed tell me in the comments and I'm
what I want to hear because I feel like
the fails are funny like I don't know
it's sad but true she's thinking about
this so called
give me give me your helmet viewers what
you think first of all most these guys I
don't think you actually understand what
on a video if you actually I know I just
just explain that example like I'm like
I shocked at somebody's eyes or their
listing take so much respect for them
and I'm that fans are amazing they're
just super excited and I'm sorry they
put it on amazed they show what I have
to say that a lot of Roman
man hitman is crazy and they're going
nuts right you guys are everywhere so
much smile more everywhere small more
time the pain thank you so so much
sick half about the car I don't know how
much I'll film but wheel my man will
long man how you feeling little nervous
yeah I was scared to death I didn't come
of years oh goodness
yeah what I've never done it you got so
a problem with tufflips yeah I love you
doing I make sure and get it crap again
you're going to I'm going in the door
ah
will could turn it up
yeah
okay after that Claire Braddock I would
go to the triple my battery died exactly
right when he was going for that trick
he did land it but here we fix on i-90
and want everyone to just night not when
was that - Roman Atwood and Angelo Dean
for someone to be able to scoop thank
you yeah thank you guys so much
going down the university lands oh boy I
do want to say you guys are absolutely
unbelievable
like literally my mind's blown you guys
are all so humble and amazing out there
thank you for having us we're honored
thanks for having us
thank you guys okay we are wrapping up
the night at Nitro Circus definitely the
coolest show I've ever been to it is out
of control it's something you have to
see yourself I've been saying it all
night Willie thanks for everything man
already showed it I only got to try that
because you plot for me so thank you for
that right I mean you you excel you you
proved them wrong and got it done safely
table stakes
boom so the next step is getting Willie
to my house do something crazy I'm so
down like anything you can think of I
don't know like maybe here you jump into
your leg just spin to win do what I do
how many flicker moves on maybe you guys
can help us with the ideas but until
then everybody go show this guy's in
love he really pulled off a lot today I
will link his channel in the top of my
description go over to you have endless
videos I can just I call you
thank ya thank you thank you everyone
for watching hope you feelin good yeah
there you go let's go what an incredible
night man it really wasn't the whole day
feels a little surreal a little dream to
me
I mean this is this is like a playground
for these guys and they're so good at
they don't mess up those guys on the
dirt bikes they don't mess up I know
they're flawless they're just so what
they have to be there's no room for
mistake like a mistake at their level is
it's really bad I want you to come here
and nail a backflip first time that was
even possible like did I really do that
yeah you did when I hit I smiled so hard
that my cheek muscles hurt and then I
went for the second one and obviously I
ate it but it was fun what'd you think
of the night man epic epic epic night
I'm telling you when you hit that first
man I can't I yelled so loud so do it I
was just moving everybody get off the
way man I was so pumped for you and when
the crowd I don't know if you heard the
crowd the way I heard the crowd I hear
they often erupted I was I was so just
genuinely blown away that I did that I
didn't hear it I mean anything I was
just like did I sold out
yeah I was on now I found out you've all
done all right guys war FinFET this has
been quite I don't know what I filmed
today lots of clips today's actually my
battery died not never happens I can you
remember the last time I was filming in
my vlog camera died like the batteries
last forever thanks for your support
today was unbelievable we all had a
great time we for the bigger project
that I've been telling you guys about we
absolutely change lives today and it was
a collaboration with nitro the
collaboration with Aaron wheeled
just so much happened today
off camera on cameras all that aside for
every single person who watches this
video
you better smack that thumbs up button
for Romans backflip don't
and that guy's Facebook good enough
all I know is that somehow pulled a
friggin miracle out on variety for this
you know it's funny when we walked into
the venue we all saw the drop in which
by the way even like even for them
writers a lot more like that this
dropping is like our steepest drop and
we don't usually use this chase was like
I'll give you ten bucks if you do it
yeah I remember that but okay you got my
bronze glad you were there with me thank
you guys for everything we'll see you
tomorrow we are out of here so early 5
a.m. on a flight and all I got
we love you we all love you beautiful
you're one of a kind mama
