alright guys welcome to the walk we're
trying our best to get out of the house
we put her in a car seat and then she
had to have a diaper change and we put
her car seat now she needs fed it's
maintenance man its Maness we're trying
our best we're going to go have a great
fun day today is all about cars guys
Mopar comes once a year we missed it
last year I'm aware I was I think I was
on tour this year I'm holding the year
before I sell them the whole thing you
guys absolutely love this we're going to
try again this year we're going to have
some fun see some sweet cars mopars are
my favorite so let's go let's have a
great day and get out of this house a
little bit maybe mommy gear right here
look at that oh my gosh so baby course
taking over this place Kane so tomorrow
we got clothes birthday and chases a/c
units out this is all we have to take I
think this will help like you think I'll
use it all over uses it this thing is
like this is like one of them tornado
fans like blows everything off your
countertops everything off your walls
it's powerful so we're gonna take this
guy over you want put it in the truck
you should just take it I feel so dumb
right now the both countries are like
where's the truck where's the red truck
chases wife took the red truck to take
tables for smile more for the birthday
party tomorrow so it's a it's a
lose-lose because she took the truck we
need to take them a fam so yeah this is
that I have to get it tonight hey quick
question Veronica took the truck yeah no
but like we want to take that big fan
over there
I'm gonna go get an a/c unit I am just
gonna I'm gonna pick up a window AC form
or something like it's hot out what you
need AC for birthday party
cherry let's do it let's go beautiful
you ready to go this time huh
I don't know getting out of this house
now it's like a massive it's like one of
those look
this is getting out of our house now is
like one of them escape rooms you go to
and you have to figure your way out with
all the puzzle pieces maybe remove
locked and loaded ready bud buy a bar
see you buddy
good job cutting the grass by the way
and we're out we are out
mission accomplished we did it this is
my hair literally I got out of the
shower Nicole and I just pulled it up
okay it is like I said it's like an
escape room get out of my house like one
of those adventurers like picked up
great
heading over to chases I'm super bummed
we can't get that big fan there I
already called chase program I'll go to
mnac unit if you need one for tomorrow
we can even rent one like we had to do
I'm all too familiar with broken a/c
that happens to us every single summer
our a/c unit goes out this year we
finally replace the whole system cost
like an arm and a leg
it was incentive so we're going to get
them taken care of and then we're going
to do a whole bunch of car stuff this is
a car out today car lowers even if you
hate Dodge like you're one of them guys
like I hate guys
these cars are nostalgic they're
legendary like you can't really hate
them can you they're like they're
unbelievable when I see them just like
like I would take I would take an old
CUDA over any new sports I would to the
time I just jump out right yo-yo happy
early birthday boy you said from all I
know what you get and I know again well
there's the truck I wish would had that
for you guys
me and country loading up this big giant
fan to bring over here and we're like
right let's go get the truck we don't
have the truck the truck mom already
stolen Court you know you knocked her
out she didn't want to sleep in that car
but she got the loved she got the love
happening right now she looks so happy
did I catch a bubble I'm okay we're to
get other what you're making bubbles
right you're making bubbles
there's my baby right there what's up
beautiful
I like you too but I just for
the shepherds what it's gonna be a big
birthday tomorrow Matt call it turning
1010 hold in what's happening to us but
I feel like pressed about it and you can
see boys birth it was going to call you
about that I put that so nervous well
coming gonna hook up call them with some
candy for his birthday bring a big old
bat the Candy Man can but if you got
that yo if you come and bring candy
you're gonna have to wear like one of
those morphsuit yo can we get yo if I
get if I can track down like a full
clown suit when you wear it small for
the birthday all right oh yeah I love
the shade how is my first time overhead
the family functions on a cloud we are
going to run out really fast me and the
board gotta feed my boys man how how's
the food guys
no country price press before this whole
low-floor thing takes off which I'm so
excited to see all these cars passing by
and I'm going crazy these kudos oh my
dad's birthday is Wednesday and I'm
going he's probably gonna see this
blocks I'm gonna ruin the surprise my
dad needs
last year I surprise my dad with a brand
new Corvette and I thought the only way
to top that this year is a brand new
picnic table that's that's what he needs
man he asked for a picnic table that's
legit yeah so it's a little lighter this
year I'm you know I'm not going to blow
my whole count on him this year's
experience a picnic table - dad if
you're watching this you're getting a
new picnic table this what he
really wants and whatever my dad wants
that's what I get so hopefully he
doesn't ask for any jet next year
because I might be in trouble
look why don't you buy any anything
we're going to step out grab this table
and then it's time for a Mopar and I
mean these cars are going by like great
of a truck snag some poor yes let's just
Road Runner right here
Road Runner right here Oh
and then right in front of a starch my
bird what you think of man like I got up
all the money - what do you mean you
that's not yours don't you that's not
yours man
that's not your you you antagonizing him
alright okay oh whoa look at that
is it pawned proof can did you think
this you make it so far maybe one day
we'll step it up man I don't know if I
could pick this food so we can came here
for picnic table today okay
like I want to upgrade you and soon but
maybe maybe maybe today's not the makes
until then I see a big bear well they
got kayaks country we can kayaks are
safe for pond you could like we could
build a ramp for kayak and then that's
fun
you'll have fun I'm being told that
picnic tables might be seasonal and they
don't even have them no Mike donkey
would go nuts for that yo I know how to
cool down your house dude I have an idea
like I just feel like there's something
right by us that could help cool down
your house you know I got everything
 picnic leave it I'm in trouble now
if I can't find a picnic table I've
already committed to this gift have you
seen my friend imagine how many Jolly
Ranchers we could fit in here
that's a rancher drawer right there and
I think that meets the requirements yeah
I could see my mom and dad lose two of
them together like make it long yeah yo
you know what I'm getting one for real
I'm going to give this to him for his
birthday as a joke y'all I think I
seriously a raccoon got into my truck
while we were gone how does that happen
I'll tell you guys me happen to clear
french fries in the door and then
slander shot ah the General Lee Dukes a
hazard look at that charge right oh my
gosh I'm not gonna be I'll contain
myself I really feel like one of it like
a teenage boy looking at hot chicks
right now that's how I feel when I see
new cars man dang stop number two picnic
table hunting I love I love plants and
flowers and coming in here makes me want
to like make my house look nice
again one day one day we're going to
look at chase one day you'll look back
these vlogs feel like you're right he
didn't make his house with night I'll be
like look at my hand
how much work I put in our fire
environmentally friendly okay well I do
like to take care of the environment
do y'all could agree with that you want
to go another level
I'll just get a picnic table okay pal
integrity mission complete my dad's
gonna be so happy dude you have no idea
how much she likes picnic tables Oh
dying light I found a lock pick hello
truck lock bro trust lock I got this I
need another one alright guys I got to
make one more stop
kick out my butt areas look at it ding
you slept down there all night what's up
dad you want to go see some cool cars
hop in let's go party Scout pick up my
boy oh man did you at least get my sleep
asleep in bed no he's a survivor Amazon
now we're fully ready I got everybody we
gotta go pick up the rest of the fam but
we're gonna go see some cars finally
like we've been waiting all dances it
boys ready to party you can't to racing
fuel motors exhaust burning rubber fuel
in our face hey Noah
hey here she missed you so much are you
talking about the dirty I can't finish
our in the dishwasher installation okay
yes Veronica does that stuff at our
house and you do it at her house it's
like if you just did it
alright we've done this before to be
packed full of adrenaline gasoline that
cam to fuel smell not good for you but I
love it boys ready this is a boys this
is boy time
go get some some boys time alright we
are going to attempt to find somewhere
to park this truck last time we got
lucky we were going to back in this
perfect spot enjoy the show tonight
we're going to just try to drive down
this road right here which is completely
that sneak into a spot for the kids
might have some fun so this year they've
closed off and made it one lane on both
sides which kind of stinks because you
sit on the side of the road like all
these people so now there's a lane gap
between the people and come on guys
look at that look at that shadow squad
right there that's we found the spot
we're hiking up and hopefully we see
some action right here
that's awesome driving up the street
there's people yelling my name up and
down the whole road hey buddy
see that's that's my car right there
baby it's like I'll be hat I'll take it
oh my god you got a garden hose you're a
genius you're a genius you're sneaky
look at the Batmobile like I'm just
trying to deliver pizzas man wah wah
loud loud you know they say if it's too
loud you're too old
Dominic Toretto for life
Hey
now one night
now one night you can get away with
doing burnouts in front of police kind
of take so much niggas but they're
really cool about so fun man I think
those ones come on enjoy beautiful
weather so we caught up on it this man
and it's fun it will get out yeah it's
fun look at that that guy's got his life
invested in that car
okay super multitasking here I just did
a full livestream for you guys and I
didn't really talk much we're going to
move position hopefully get some really
fun cool shots for you guys and just
continue blogging
it's really weird balancing
live-streaming and vlogging out I'm like
what do i what do i film for which how
am I on that side you know I got a bunch
of kids in the car I'm going to cut the
blog up in a minute
yo country look at all these babies that
need rescued man what are you doing I
love this with my type of environment
right here this is my item it's like my
backyard on the street so it goes from
mile
it goes from mile oh man a train it's
like one of the biggest things that
really happened in this town all year
like this is it thanks guys but kind of
like going through a parade and we drove
this truck which everybody knows I feel
like a celebrity a country you know
weird you can't drive anywhere without
people like yelling I know that's pretty
weird it's weird right I know I dig it
hippie
it doesn't our oh oh oh whoo I'm gonna
tell you this right now ain't no police
down here there's no police done
what's up buddy let me hit my car yo I'm
gonna be I'm gonna be honest it's so
real it's a real that like we didn't go
anywhere anymore but our life's changed
so much because you guys anywhere I go
there's people it's not clear though
that was the spot that was like that's
the spot that's like that happened in
spot that's packed down there when I
walked right in this truck though I
think we're heading the right direction
so I got the storm up there birthday I
don't know it's fan city what's up
where's country country he's right here
don't get hit my car please you're all
crazy like the truck got swarmed and now
we're trying to get out here it's going
to be bad I have a feeling
that all right we've got a spot we're
nestled in everything seems great
let's see some burn some Safari so this
spot is definitely better than the last
book all that
how cool does that look it looks like it
doesn't look real and it's about to get
shaking it's about 15 keep you know
doesn't bother you that guy's got no
tire left here's a Ford Ranger
Oh
at the door
the board rangers of Anila we all know
the trucks are definitely winning the
burnout competition like it all trucks
is ripping it
I'm telling you the trucks are out your
tailor
oh my god that thing's me
alright cane you got wind a candy for
the Candyman is this your best chance
yes here you go
come on yeah you snuck off for a
bathroom break thanks Pizza College for
letting us film in it
oh you got a there you go but you
get one more try and you go ou can call
him master the floppy arm crane oh you
get zero alright alright Carson you're
up
that's two for two oh my god no no you
need one of these country oh we need
more candy man how to retain the country
candy country there you go
come on Garson more it's up to you three
four three let's do it
what's the odds oh my gosh everybody's
walking away with a prize you guys you
guys all seen enough no no is the only
one dense you know okay so we just got
back to Gilroy's and we're putting on
hoodie and maybe a little better
disguise this is Veronica's hoodie by
the way Zoe you doubt you have a smaller
one look at my hand leave my sleeve his
largest bowl Oh
pick it up Liza so it's a little chaotic
with all of us it's hard to move around
so it's pitch black out now we're going
to go a little undercover I'm not happy
with the footage that I have for you
guys I want some really cool stuff so
we're going to go back out for one more
hour try to knock out some great footage
for you guys and then go with me
undercover is getting it max mm-hmm
like the the purge mask let's make some
anyway huh mm-hm has she been sleeping
this whole huh ah no all right we'll
hurry back okay then we'll go home
good thing you know we talked about her
gone but the smoke swirled and it's so
loud yeah look at the road now since we
were down here earlier this is where we
were originally duty he's burning rubber
he's burning rubber so there's Mustangs
been ripping every time I tell my camera
like it's a loud car holy moly
did your cars on fire chase somebody hit
that baby somebody at that baby country
oh yeah
I mean we're just trying to get home and
our just ran together imagine like you
just happen to hit this town on vacation
because you want to eat or something
you'd be like what's wrong with this
place for the fit what is wrong with
these people
startled eyes look at this road dude
it's going to be like this till next
year
Tokyo Drift
whoo here we go
look at the grass like a horror movie
yeah this is the footage I really wanted
to get for you guys just brawl force to
go this is sweet Oh
Oh
why should the beats pulling up right
here
all right so I'm happy with what I was
able to show you guys obviously it's
better in person in the country have you
ever seen anything like this never never
know somebody needs to put a list
together all the things you've done this
year with me for the first time I feel
like that list is getting big mr. hitch
welcome to Ohio Ohio Ohio okay all right
we're back home working to the house and
what a great night I had a great time oh
that is our vlog for today we're gonna
do our thing she looks like she's ready
to do her thing one month old as you
guys are watching this yeah
it's more Sunday though that's four
weeks for me okay yeah that's our day I
tried to capture the best I could
obviously better in person but it was
still great time got to bring the boys
and it was awesome I love you guys so
much thanks for being a part of this
journey you have it's just blowing this
channel up sharing it with your friends
your family it's always a safe place for
everyone and see you tomorrow beautiful
one-of-a-kind smile more
you
