welcome to the vlog guys how the heck
are you feeling today I am I've you've
been watching the last couple vlogs I've
been wrecked my back is shot been hard
to breathe them into the hospital I've
done just about everything to get myself
better and nothing seems to be working
so today we have all these crazy
activities playing all this cool stuff
and I just can't do them I cannot do
them right now so we're gonna hop in
this hot tub we're gonna do some tub
dogs and hang out with my girl Brett and
we're just gonna we're just gonna we're
just gonna say hello I don't know what
to do I don't want to skip a day I don't
want to do that because I've just really
kind of come back and you got this yeah
I got it
touch here tappero hi guys I can see you
that rhymed unintentionally it wasn't
maybe it's this one oh here we go drag
boom oh my gosh you're gonna hit all
these you ready yeah looks amazing hop
on flash hi
you just gonna drive by me and now you
say hi muddy foot he wants to know
so obviously blowing your back out sucks
it's never fun I've done it many many
times this one is the most severe
version of it I have never really blown
it so hard it's bad you look pretty and
we're in here when it's not below
freezing so our hair doesn't turn the
pups are just awesome so what you want
to talk about we got all of it all this
hot water what do you want it's gonna be
the next day I'm telling you I'm telling
you man tub talk you got all these you
got all these talk radio you got all
that tub talks is it but on a real note
this is more about us saying hello and
not skipping a day I am
your mom's out of control
this is more about us guys saying hello
to you guys maybe throw on some
inspiration at you right now maybe
motivated getting you up on your feet
feeling better and just ready to take on
your day that's what I want to do with
this vlog right here this isn't gonna be
action-packed this isn't gonna be full
of comedy this is going to motivate you
that's our goal right now go action and
cut oh please just get in just want this
one minute I just want to get in for one
minute oh you flashed me it's a brand
new camera so okay I think the topic
should be relationship relationship
never flick your girl with water touched
me step number no harm relationships is
a good one I don't know if it's as
motivating as I wanted to be but
relationships is something everyone can
relate to and if you can't you will some
point it's gonna happen baby we'll keep
someone together keep the family
together keep two people that you want
to get relationships we definitely know
a thing or two about family and
relationships I think we're always like
at our strongest point is when we like
go like go back to the basics of like I
don't know how to explain it at the
beginning right yeah so we've been
together almost 10 years they're just
like
you will you know you you've got me
flowers before you've done all of it but
like everyone smile it's nice to like do
something for someone that did in the
beginning super confused I feel like
you're trying to give me advice I'm
trying to say is don't just give up on
that person like remember the feelings
that you had beginning you have to get
back to those feelings again deep it's
easy when you got me is he I think let's
start at the beginning right okay so
when Bert and I'm Matt actually the
first time we even even seen each other
we both had me didn't know but we both
had an immediate drawl like it was
immediately like but like in my mind I
was like who is that and why have I
never met her right because she was
Veronica's sister right yeah so for me I
was like okay I've known this family my
whole life who is that that was going
through my head like why don't I know
her and it was just thinking dang he's
cute I need friends it's his friend more
got friends so initially for us guys it
was immediately like everything like I
wanted to talk to her I wanted to I
wanted to just see her I wanted to just
like it was it was a straight attraction
all around I thought she was adorable I
thought everything was all around like
who is this person I don't even know
what I want to know her it was just like
I was sucking it was also it's a good
feeling it was like a it's amazing I
think that many of you and the internet
and whoever watches this probably
assumes that Brittney and I are like
this dream couple like we always seemed
so happy together we always seemed
perfect I will say on the vlogs it does
always appear perfect obviously we have
the same issues a lot of relationships
have but I will say we are extremely
blessed with our relationship we always
come to each other and say thank you so
much like I'm so thankful for Brittney
yeah yeah and she thanks me all the time
like we are around he's most couples I'm
learning a lot
it can't be around each other all day
most of them they go to work they have
separate jobs they come home they miss
each other missing somebody is super
important that's what keeps that love so
strong Brittney an arch we are together
at the hip 24 hours a day and I still we
literally will look at
each other and say I miss you all day
we're together all day we are very
blessed to have each other and I think
that is a me true love is when you're
with somebody all day and for a year
straight and you still miss each other
like that sounds corny but it's very
true we we we can't say I'll be with her
all day I miss you I don't even know
what that means it's just like there's
this energy attraction that I have to
thank you Lee for five minutes to get
something to eat and like texting you I
miss you you know it's ridiculous couple
that just met and we always say that I'm
like we've been together almost 10 years
why do I still feel like this who's back
here but we I kind of have to say all
that so that I can get into some advice
or maybe you and I think a lot of our
relationship comes natural but there's a
ton of work that goes into it off this
camera there's a ton of things that we
do for each other that you guys never
see obviously in the vlogs you see a lot
of us happy and that's because my vlogs
I always say this I want to use this
platform these vlogs my channel for good
positivity motivation I want you guys to
leave these videos always feeling a
little better
and that's why you usually only see the
happy side I don't like to bring any
negative in I don't want to bring you
down so our life is real we actually
have real life problems we do get in
arguments very little very I will say
compared to people we know just being
together so long we know each other so
well I can say one word I mean we're
both very stubborn
so let's talk about actual relationship
advice because we are happy together
somehow we've mastered this detailed
code this Da Vinci Code of numbers and
letters so like what can we give you who
may be going through a breakup may be
going through Brittany and I broke up
one time for two days that's like choose
it you were done yeah that's true story
we actually did break up and it was two
days I think we literally just like was
like we can I can't live without you
yeah it was like she moved out and at
that moment we both said I think it's
just best not to waste each other's time
all right I'm never saying that like
within two days it was like get back
here now and we never ever talked about
separating again I think that's gonna be
my first piece of advice and I got this
from my uncle very long time ago and he
said the first role of your relationship
is never everyday you can break up that
should never even never even say the
words never even say we're gonna break
up never it's not even an option that's
big advice I've always thought of that
it's like you can't break it's not even
an option so how do we how do you fix
the problem you know
it's amazing outside it's like it's
usually it's snowing on its next piece
of like funny advice is I think we all
think at some point we're all crazy
right it's like oh my god you're crazy
and she's called me crazy and the
comical advice that I didn't come up
with I've seen this somewhere is is fine
the crazy you love and stick with that
crazy because if you don't you're just
going to somebody else that's crazy it's
like no we're all crazy so find that
crazy you love and you care for and
stick with it I remember like so like a
head event probably at first first year
we were together for sure I remember you
saying no one can make me more mad than
you can I know you're meant to be
because no one who make me as mad as
it's kind of true so true like no one
can get me worked up or mad
I'm gonna jump into some advice for the
early relationships because Brittany and
I dealt with this big-time and that was
most stuff those that knew us said we
weren't ever gonna make it and we
weren't and the same with my mom and dad
they were told the savings I think my
parents always told me that everyone
they knew they they picked them to be
the first to split up and they're still
married and that's rare to have
marriages last so long nowadays so if
you're dealing with that situation I
think you and your relationship know
better but you're gonna hear that at
some point somebody's gonna tell you
she's not right for you he's not right
for you they're not right for you and
Brittany and I without a doubt even in
the early stages knew that they didn't
know what they were talking about and I
think you will know that you will feel
that you know it's just like someone
telling you you can't do something and
then you go out and do it you know you
can't you know whatever it is yeah use
them as fuel and I think I think a lot
of people can relate to that one because
we all at some point told we can't do
something even though we know that we
want to at least try and that's the
first step we got to try so I'm going to
let anybody tell you that they're not
the right person for you gotta at least
try you're too little the flesh wants
into already been in all this would add
oh man
kissy-kissy-kissy not daddy okay
straight up getting hot hot hahaha no
like it wasn't the winner was no and
you're like ready to just hibernate
inside that tub mom let's go there's go
girl oh geez oh geez oh we also got to
fell the ISIS look fountains back on see
it that means almost go time again and
the pond also looks better than the pool
look at this cover blew off its yeah
alright little little shocked and it'll
be I'm sorry it's a beautiful evening
it's been a beautiful day tomorrow it's
like 70 which is crazy hope you guys
enjoyed a little talk really want to say
hi and pain where you going or you drive
in you drive in your car cane was just a
lot to get on his games today we're not
ten twenty minutes ago any plans what is
this is so goofy goofy goofy games but I
will say whoever made this game thank
you because Kane and I had some of the
craziest laughs last night we just died
and laugh and playing together alright
I'm gonna go get dressed
beauty hi know that hot tub definitely
is a helper yeah just loosened
everything in my back I'll be back in
one second guys I just want to thank you
so much for sticking around being
patient with me as I get this back
healed up trust me it is killing me
yesterday or today I'm suppose I was
supposed to be heading to Wisconsin to
race cars with travis Pastrana and I had
to cancel it yesterday super bummer
always somebody I love to do crazy stuff
with and I just I just wasn't able to
really move so I am getting up and about
and kind of walking around moving around
while super bright if I can oh it's even
brighter oh there we go but we are doing
our best right now again didn't want to
skip today I hope you guys enjoyed that
I actually love things like that I love
watching people make videos like that so
I don't know it's always good to get
advice from somebody you watch and if
you look up to possibly that being said
we love you we will see you tomorrow
you are beautiful keep your head up keep
that smile on your face and all I got
its mama
you
