I'm ready for this
I'm not I am not either buddy give me
five man chance my man toughest welcome
to the blog guy state is starting a
little rough because it's the first kind
of daddy's got to go in a while it's
been a while and especially the first
time I'm leaving my girls together
here's my first time leaving my girls
and uh it's gonna yeah just tough cut I
love you
I know I know we're spoiled because I
have left for so long we used to leave
all the time by Korra I love your girl
she's healing up really good too oh okay
my eyes popped out love you I love you
more don't eat okay we've no giant hug
even though I'm gonna be captain oh you
guys call me FaceTime email twitter
facebook instagram however you need to
get a hold of me all right I'll be there
and just because I'm not here doesn't
mean I can't get anything done for you
all right I'll do it
let go you guys have a great time take
care of this little one we best 2%
supers then yeah it's my ride here who's
here who's here hey hey Megan on with
your dog I guess making out with my dog
jump right helping bug in my mouth okay
my flash my body I'll see you later
little man he's like just feed me just
take me to the food well Empire Empire
looks like he's ready for my leave he
looks like he's ready say goodbye all
right I love you guys more than anything
in this world I'll see you soon okay
teamwork makes the dream work and
the best little man all right hey you
can FaceTime me I'll FaceTime you all
right stay tough boy
all right imp need you to take that out
to the car take out out the truck for me
I'll be back I promise I love you I love
you guys put your seat belt on what you
see but I'm now and I have any my kids
injured how you guys doing man rough
start country how you feeling today feel
good I'm good man the leaves leaving
here's here's what's really happened
here's the truth part of my career part
of what I've always done is travel but
I've been home so much that now that I
actually need to travel is difficult
it's hard on the fans hard on me it's
you know you start to get a spoiler I
got spoiled at home like over there like
we're all spoiled we get to be together
every day and that's a huge blessing a
lot of people don't get that are you
spinning now are you nervous for the
float I love flying yeah well there's
the drone factor yeah you take this you
could um
Chase's first flight true story I
believe is in one of these look yeah
first white will to Los Angeles up here
not on my own I'm scared so we're off we
have to travel a little bit today for
the big project on for a while last time
we took a road trip - oh that Oklahoma
yeah all for the same project and today
we're off to Los Angeles to wrap this
thing up and then yeah we got to go
alright guys so let's do this forgive me
my energy is a little lower I'm telling
you we have just been so connected as a
family that now that I have to leave
it's just it's just it is what it is
it's tough we love each other and you
know how life is but all good things I
would not leave unless important it was
only better our families so let's do it
let's do it let's you're energized
remember chase I want you to always
remember what I'm about to say whirring
whirring whirring whirring doesn't
change the outcome it absolutely has
zero effect on what's going to happen
through the why worry
I love it totally right it's just an
emotion country it's an emotion that we
can't control like being scared we scare
our selfs carrots just an emotion you
know
I'm getting beat I just left my family
I'm getting I'm getting emotional on a
serious note though feels like I haven't
been to this airport for a while and
there for a while I was living here
always here but at that time I left so
much of the kids were like right that's
the apiece do you back
all righty already to you you have to do
by do that fun nice to meet you guys
no what is the holdup country country
what's going on man I don't even know
what to say right now checking all the
bags anything I can help out with ma'am
I happen to know this guy
yeah you can't you can't bring nice off
like cups like this is this is flight
101 here isn't it we got to learn you
today I never in my life
never in my life but the problem is I
was packing up so quick I must have left
it just back and it's not thinking no
hostage out away it happen y'all didn't
enjoy there's no loud Pacific today that
makes me feel good that there they
caught it up and they caught it yeah I'm
actually relaxed everyone else on the
plane feel good yeah absolutely if you
don't have a every great flight requires
a great snack what you think you can do
man what's your system what's the snack
of country what what is it chase how
about you I know yours is Dorito I mean
it goes back in the day this poor always
has Toledo and I'm not really 200 right
now okay they want to do sweet sweet
sweet would you get what is it what is
it
mult multi tears I'm getting the almond
joy to redbull countries getting the
toilers and water good one good always
trying to help me always trying to
one-up them they had to reopen the door
for us man weird she's buying junk foods
we didn't know you're the best thank you
so much that would have really fun yo we
got here ahead of time I'm all right I
like you guys
ya know you just save it he legit just
opened the door up he's like you guys
went that way we're like yeah goodbye
Columbus I'm on my plane okay I'm taking
off I love you I love you guys I'll see
soon I can't believe this whole time
this whole time this whole time I'll sit
up front I get a note from of the
stewardess stewardess what the two Roman
from the board up there for just a flick
for the desk in this love letter
or it says chase 17 be empty country
this could be you too
here we are he can took you guys two and
a half hours throw three hours the
challenges in Z or we wanted to bring
our
well that's one way to blow five hours
of your day ones last time you're in LA
good question that's a long nose like
it's been a while for me too usually
I've come here all the time chase with
less time you in LA about a year a year
here we are we've made it and if you
watch these vlogs a lot long enough to
know what do I do every time or at least
almost every time I come to LA what's
the first thing I do it it's almost
tradition what do I do
okay so I just went to the restroom and
you know you know people asked me when
you win did you start realizing you were
a youtuber like and I think it's when
you get recognized in a bathroom when
you get recognized in a public bathroom
you've finally made it you know the guy
said because last time I land in LA I
had a banana car pick me up Alex picked
up the banana sauce he said no banana
car today
that's what he said no banana car today
oh this weather though yes not Ohio no
more we are in the land of sunshine long
trees approaching hey hi what's up good
I made it I'm in LA ah nothing knows you
were tracking me on my phone I just want
to say I love you and I made it okay
text me before bed all right
I love you champ bye
so I land I land in LA and Noah says did
you make it
me a picture this he's able to see any
where I'm at and he always sends me
pictures of where I'm at hey hey Oh
baseload how's she doing
hi baby trying I thought that was Corson
I thought that was Coral I'm in LA I
made it I love you guys I love you okay
if you just meeting up with Alex and get
something for dinner then you were
correct
it has always been our tradition dude
it's always the same place every time
usually usually usually yeah it's the
time to spill some barbecue because
country Alex come here real quick real
quick I need you I need you okay I'm
trying to explain the country how the
ribs are okay help me I'm going to I
want to explain it
they're good yo we were on this plane
ride I'm telling about these ribs in the
whole flight II play no but I got to say
I I'll tell you why I don't like
critters
I don't like ribs because I don't like
getting my hands dirty so the reason I
love this place is if you touch this rib
with the fork it falls off that's why
it's amazing you need it with a fork you
do it before yeah so I'm ready I'm ready
when you are
hey Alex yeah what's going on with your
time machine in here are you able to
doesn't work you haven't figured it out
to the computer that's it if you can't
go back in an hour forward no would've
eaten all the crap I ate now that is
that 2% milk or that whole note
what kind of hunk is it the camel is
skim run faster that's amazing guys you
never seen like I don't know much about
like real desktop computers actually I
know nothing about them that looks like
so again I got it right off the bat I
know your viewers are going to give you
crack or something okay well if they're
going to give me crap that this is
upside down yeah why would you do it
you've got that's why you can't go back
in time you got to flip it and it'll
work I know it's
with it that what if your whole
computers upside down oh I didn't think
of that if you just tip it it'll be
right step it over do I need a palm tree
country to you and shot one is down for
me just carry it to the house
Maggie's claim we can definitely do it
but how do we get right through that you
can't wear that and women they said you
have to use you can't of men cannot be
nothing you just landed here and we wait
they're going to bring with you baby and
if it is yours to keep well that's a
deal that's a souvenir so if you want a
free souvenir from Hillsong you wear a
sleeveless shirt so I don't know about
the shirt policy but the ribs are worth
it yeah I'm not going to lie if they
would have earned it you look good man
you look good did you explain that the
reason you down sleeve incision flat
well when I when you blew it off your
arm - good not only I'm going to eat
them really well but this is their shirt
so I will just clean the barbecue there
you go leave it at the counter need to
business make sure she give white shirt
to the barbecue man okay now this is
what we flew 2,000 miles for ryr
Christian whoa what I not money it it is
so good to see you I'm a solution for
ever and
take the bike take the bike
take the bike it's weird having to plug
somebody being time I've been typing
these up so much that if he tells it
like a mom I feel really bad said he's
ready there we go
here we go
that's the approved approval yes three
four five minutes later gone gone fish
you got his laugh so we're gonna take a
little bit this way every time a flying
man come and smash these ribs on there's
a reason hungry get your final thoughts
on it
okay guys warping up to my room go nice
nice little hotel room here with my
myself
it's very exact such memories because
Cain and I stayed here not long ago and
we wrestled with this pillow not in this
exact room but they have the same
pillows in each room and we chased each
other around the hotel row and as soon
as I walked in here all I can think
about chasing my boy around with that
pillow man anyway guys um like I said
earlier we just haven't been apart much
and we really just spoiled each other we
spoil our whole family with just so much
love lately that now that we're apart
we're all just like breaking down or
like we miss you we miss you it is
awesome to miss each other is awesome to
be missed my kids make me feel so loved
when I leave if everybody wasn't upset
I'd be doing something wrong like that's
the honest truth like if everybody was
like Picea then I might even feel worse
so it feels good that they're bombed I'm
gone it's it's a weird thing I guess
love you guys so much thanks for being
here Britney tried her best today to
film a little bit and get it to me it
just didn't work out she is going to try
for you guys while I'm gone so that we
have both vlogs family vlogs my vlogs
and a nice little mix so bear with us as
we adjust to a little bit of travel and
a lot of fun coming we love you guys so
much thank you for being a part of our
life
and we will see you tomorrow beautiful
one of a kind smile off
you
