welcome to the vlog guys I am out here
check-in what you didn't see yes what is
that what is that what the heck see
yesterday's vlog wow that's quite even
others lift it up still a bit wet
I've already said it like two or three
times if you missed yesterday's vlog
check out a small clip from yesterday Oh
are we going in ever real are you
committed oh my god I got my phone I got
like Johnny ah oh my god no
oh no no no we see the very roaming oh
it's bad amp I know it's bad
anyone nothing to doing it yeah I'm out
I'm out this is the mystery question
right there why is the trashcan still
there why is it sitting there full of
water it's impossible I think she's
going to run again but maybe minimal
damage just minimal damage I gotta say a
pond looks beautiful doesn't even look
like it was ever in there anyway guys
thank you so much for being here the
last few days today's gonna be a lot
more laid-back and not as crazy as it
has been and maybe we need to do a
little family vlog today a lot of you
been asking how score a house Britt I
gotta say like it's just a lot of sleep
time it's a lot it's a lot of resting
and and it's like it's very tedious it's
very laid back it's you know mommy needs
sleep baby sleep it's not that exciting
tell you what is exciting visit hang out
with me you gotta go and me today's been
a long bit of a catch-up day we're so
done we put that bus in yesterday in the
visit the battery it was in the bus was
from our truck so the truck had no
battery and well we got that fixed today
that's one thing we did do how's my man
huh huh give me give me nothing just
right past me just like I'm not even
here how do you getting you are crazy I
didn't lock you in there don't blame me
not my fault baby asleep she's asleep
she's out and you're up
so maybe now's a good time to just catch
up with mommy and baby stuff because it
has been requested we've been doing some
crazy fun trying to entertain vlog the
last few days as we come back to YouTube
and thank you for the support has been
absolutely unbelievable but a lot of
requests for how's mommy how's baby
how's Cora house Britt okay you look
amazing
Quora is super healthy and happy but she
just sleeps a lot and eats a lot and
poops a lot she's sipping left there has
only been one issue and that's actually
when she was born or Midwife actually
said right they said that her tongue
tied that she's tongue tied that little
piece of skin under there right yeah
it's just like a little tiny bit and
they didn't think it was going to be an
issue but she's not laughing on correct
so we have to go and take a little leave
though to it yeah so basically I feel
like I'm whispering now from outside on
my red apple and in here I'm like I'm
dad inside I actually turn into that
inside so um it's not big deal but she's
not latching on properly Brittany's
breastfeeding and it makes it very
difficult for them to have a healthy
breastfeeding relationship I'm still
pumped she's still getting my mouth yeah
it's not I'm saying we've went to
actually while we were on break are you
to break we went and saw a what was on
Sean oh we went into a lactation
consultants a real second amazing she
was amazing she also so we've had now
two different people tell us that we
should do this little operation where
they basically laser that piece of skin
it's just like extra skin it's so
terrible it's normal I like they're so
like it's so common yeah yeah yeah yeah
I know me at my laser tomorrow
so Monday we go to get our third opinion
at the actual place where they do the
operation right so hopefully and this
has been a highly record I have to get
to this place because it's very highly
recommended place it's like you get
honesty it's not someone's just trying
to make an extra dollar so yeah we'll
keep you updated on it that's the only
issue right now it's just that she's not
latching properly and they think it's
because her tongue can come off far
enough I guess yeah it's so weird she
don't get that gene Simmons pump and I
get it oh my gosh this is your guy that
is awesome I love him a big hammer I'm
gonna sneak in show you Cora she is how
how did you get her to knock out like
that she has been like you cannot she
will not sleep unless she's a North
Britain's aren't so sleeping means one
of us is sitting still usually for it
and you need rest too just like that
little core awakens hello beautiful
hey Cory also baby I am craving the
moment when she interacts with me and
she can laugh and giggle and I can make
dad jokes and you like him right now
it's a lot of space there and it's just
goofin no look at that this bump fist
bump ooh
hey smiley give me a smile you sure says
all smiles but I'm starting to think
you're lying we're all friends last
night I'm sure sure just like that guys
one minute we're able to vlog and we're
hanging out with you in the next split
second Korra wakes up she does her thing
and next thing we know we're just on mom
and dad Patrol and that's what all the
rest the last night was in morning like
two and a half hours and she wasn't she
wasn't all fight she wasn't all smiles
I'll tell you that didn't we go to sleep
huh Oh fuzzy baby you know it's hard
coming into this world I'm going to tell
you that we all went through this I
remember every second of it I remember
increment I remember all of it on there
stand up when I started this blog I said
this is gonna be a very laid-back video
and it truly has become just that we
can't thank you guys enough for being a
part of whatever we do whether it is
having a bus in our pond or just hanging
out with you one-on-one on camera Cora
what's her first words going to be mom
oh she like that maybe what's crazy is
she is changing daily like I'm seeing it
daily she's starting to become more
active and like the baby stay I just
said this in my vlog way before we had a
baby I wish they could just come out
three years old because I love that
stage and I said I miss she loves the
baby
ikurou well you look great little girl
you don't man love me she's like what is
this thing you keep holding up in my
face is this going to be it's just going
to be a normal thing or should I get
used to it or should I tell you I don't
want to be a part of it camera like that
she does look at the camera like is this
just going to be a normal thing or
should I
oh I love her so much it's crating and
I'm telling you if you have kids I don't
have to even begin to explain it and if
you don't have kids you know one day
there's a good chance that you're going
to have this feeling it's something you
can't you can't even explain even if I
wanted to explain it it is surreal it is
it is
you finally have an axe like this is
your actual purpose once you had a kid
it's like my goal our goal now is to
make sure that she's healthy and happy
and all smiles
it's our only job I could watch you two
all day i legit like I'm some of the
girls we absolutely are so incredibly
blessed to have you guys as part of our
daily routine homeless we're not daily
bloggers I'll admit it but we have fun
and we do what we do we upload what we
film and and and that's just that thanks
for being a part of it whether we upload
or not you guys just around truly our
lifes are so different because of you
and we know that the cable thing it is
like a chill she might have just team
did you pee mommy does the same thing is
like this is like whoa we love you guys
so much thank you for everything we'll
see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more give me that smile
give me have a snot look how many facial
right like it changes every second I
love you little girl I do I do
you
