welcome welcome welcome to the vlog a
flash no no no no no baby Cora is
sleeping
she looks so comfortable like the most
comfortable thing I've ever seen in my
life I feel like I have to be so quiet
in my house it's so it would he netted
not water so fish food
salt water thank you no mass tea okay no
you drink that's it what's so fishies
Brittney's about to feed them they're
about to go crazy watch how nutty they
are when they order but a bit better I
had to wait for the saw oh it has been a
disgusting rainy nasty money day here at
the atwood house flash i would never eat
it not for any amount
oh my that's literally hundreds a little
shrimp you see that oh but i like it and
i think normal people would just swallow
that for money i can not like food and
textures make me so sick such a weird
topic to start this vlog it is kind of a
hello today we are up it's raining we're
stuck inside we're kind of hanging out
playing games taking care of it baby is
becoming a little more easy over the
last couple days like five days ago you
could not three days ago you could like
not set her down if you set her down she
wake up you have to hold her for her to
sleep right back me up here
yeah how excited are you know I'm like
skill gave arms again so baby has be
like I see I see the light I see the
light as we've been vlogging and I've
been like oh the sword the look it's
because we always holding a baby and
we're trying to create and today she is
taking to this little rocking chair
looks so daggone comfortable makes me
tired looking at her I'm like oh my gosh
I did that watch watch how crazy the
fish I think I've showed you this before
okay ready
they tell you fished on memories look
they know they're getting sad look at
that they're smart they're smarter you
know feeding time is the coolest time at
our aquarium because
all the critters come out that you never
see like checkups humo starfish that one
let me get that one dude I'm telling you
the ocean is a different world that is
not that's alien like right there put
your hand right there
I want to show them how big that clam is
No look out that's a clam that gives you
some perspective that's a perspective on
how big that is they got in my head
that's pretty much that little rose tip
and enemy back there lobe this is bright
pink
I wish aah the worst part about showing
you that the tank is it always comes out
so blue on this camera but it I mean
it's just no way to really show you but
you get it it's kind of a highlight of
the whole house is the fish tank and
flash and flash he's a highlight flash
you're a highlight look at that alright
guys so you what we're just drinking my
water got a few ice in it thinking it
even look in here what if that was like
a shrimp
oh okay so we're thinking on these off
days they're not even really off days I
know I know a lot of you kind of prefer
these days where we're just in the house
doing nothing in any that's the part
like I can't quite figure out but I love
that you love that we were thinking
literally when we were over on the couch
we're like what if we just tell a story
that we've never told in these vlogs
ever time story time with the Atwoods
it's not that that would smith that
would smell house we know so we just
thought like I think the best story to
tell and you know it is personal so we
were both like do you want to tell us
there but I think it's great because
it's relatable and everybody goes
through this at some point your life or
at least a lot of people do and that is
like breakups Britney and I actually did
and have broken up before and it's so
crazy to think about because I love this
girl more than like I can ever explain
on the vlog and I know you feel the same
way about me right stolen her stolen was
true um in thinking back it was like I
can't believe we broken up before like
we have it was for what two days couple
days a couple of days but we were legit
like for those two days I remember
telling my mom and dad and my everyone
is just like yes I moved out she moved
out like this and everything how long
were we together like maybe a year I
think we were together we were together
long enough that when we broke up
everyone was pretty like bummed out you
got me my ring you got me my ring out of
year that's true I promise me yeah so I
had that already so it was a little over
a year so we've been together a while
yeah long enough that when we broke up
it was it was pretty it was a big bummer
to like the family and you know a lot of
time that we spent together that was
felt wasted yeah so we sold we break up
and she her and her mom Nana come takes
all her stuff out of my our old house
that we started blogging in and it was
horrible it was horrible like the worst
I and you weren't there did you cause
did you cry at all
oh yeah so you were bummed that we broke
up it makes me like so sad to think how
I remember you leaving I'm like I'm gone
you leave like that's it yeah and you
left I'm so flattered and I cry forever
you know I think we were just immature
it was just like if you leave then I'm
gone I left and you in you just want the
the one day was probably just us like
trying not to call each other in the
second day was like us talking and by
the third day it was like she was the
whole truck full of stuff was coming
back to the house yeah I was happy it
wasn't no we had a hotel remember you
like asked me on this like crazy date to
let go on day three will you go on a
date with me you like planned this whole
thing
got a hotel I was in remember guys you
can't spell romantic without a Roman
fell back in love yes I won't understand
that hotel with you yeah she said yeah
guys you didn't she said yeah so that's
a crazy story want to share for the
vlogs I think it's really relatable
because sometimes we we get mad at
people and we like just we're stuck like
humans are stubborn I really think we're
all just stubborn and it was probably a
fight out of just stubbornness but at
the end of the day we so in love with
each other there was no way that
separating was going to keep us apart
like there's just no way it's so funny
like even years later half of the stuff
that I had moved out was still at my
mom's like I never like brought every
single thing back and it was like the
whisper hissing why didn't
rollerblade at my house that I like to
do you remember like half of our like
notes and pictures I like threw all over
the bed she would never return
we had like we would write notes to each
other all the time and all of our
pictures I like threw on the bed and
just left well not thank you yeah it was
a brutal leave you were ruthless
you were like he left I'm gonna ruin
this guy's bed so yeah true story
Britney and I have broken up before one
time for two days that's a true story
but you know what's weird about this two
days I remember telling my brother and
his wife and I remember talking to
everybody like we've just decided that
we're going to split up like we were
like it was just literally done it was
legit like I'm we're moving on for two
days crazy 50 ddd-do duty King you know
what's awesome is me and mommy love each
other and you have a mommy and daddy
that love each other okay it's something
really special to have it is I never had
that I don't think you understand how
cool that is
but you don't have two Christmases so
kind of gotta weigh it out you know what
I mean definitely hope you guys enjoyed
some real talk that's that's that's a
real story that at the time we probably
had a better version of it that was like
we remember it but now it just seems so
silly and so pointless that we ever did
it it was just like two people being mad
at each other and they're like screw you
I screw you
two days later I love you so you want me
to show him how I have the muscles okay
get me give me the sword
we'll just keep this going all right we
are back in the kitchen with Roman
Atwood this is a technique I've been
working on it and you might rely on try
to buy off the game fruit ninja may have
heard of it
version number one still smooth that one
man it wasn't that much I mean what
other than one falling on floors pretty
smooth huh
version - thank you mommy enjoy your
pasta I cut my thumb off dude oh I cut
it off
dude do you believe them
yeah I'll take one only I'm going to go
downstairs and fix that all right how
different or life summer because we're
together oh my god honestly truly
believe that it was meant to be because
you think a miracle for I was I was I
was a wreck before
Brittany and like I feel I feel like
together we've accomplished a lot we've
you know we've started businesses we've
become youtubers we've had amazing
children I was I would always tell you
that I had like little guys in their
mothers like rebuilding your heart and
building my heart yeah I really I really
fell for you you really got me
the heart the latter took but now it's
like we've brought in because we stayed
together we've brought in human life on
to earth right I'm pretty not pretty big
deal yeah so I'm proud of us you want to
break up for two days and uh sure
they're like you know no crime I
destroyed that look who just woke up
it's my girl and she's hungry
clashes so like into the baby lately hey
where you going
gross we explained you guys that Monday
we have to Korres go on the Oregon our
third opinion but she's basically end up
having a little laser room if she's
tongue-tied which means her tongue that
little piece of skin was holding her
tongue back a little bit making it
really hard for her to breastfeed with
Britt so she has to pump so this is
actually Britt you know right it's
Curtis he didn't so you have to take her
milk out of the fridge put it in a
bottle and then we heat it up with warm
water like that and then once it's nice
and warm court and we have to do that
with every bottle it's crazy like it's
totally different than if she was just
feeding and she was latching on she
would just be getting milk right from
Britt but this is the way we have to do
it until until that's fixed and
hopefully that that really does solve
the problem that we've been having they
even happen what's up man I think this
is your first house call to my house or
South John the barber showing up at my
home that's how you know it's getting
bad not when you text us on the text you
know does want an excuse to go drive my
car we got a new car what kind of card
you get challenger it's awesome it's
sweet but no he texted me like recent
like not long ago and he said would you
say how long
how's your hair look or something how
long's your hair's like he knows sure he
knows he was like
come over to your house I want to drop
money so I know that grows too fast
talking about my white hairs then you
stop everything John what
this isn't white here this is what you
guys heavy you probably the lightening
and like fluorescent lighting don't you
yet my hair is dark a new boy again did
you dye it - no it's all natural I just
actually look that great great great
alright guys I'm coming back I'm coming
back to life I look wow I did you're
right I do I do but right yeah you're
right little canners is getting shot am
I going to recognize this kid you get
the same thing I'm yin you Nicholas
you know cursed with the same cowlick we
can blame you can blend grandma for that
pain leave that all right you feel
better you look better you look like my
kid again with the cameras on
you're quiet when the cameras off you're
like a raging crazy raccoon animal dig
into a trash can
anyway guys thanks for hanging out today
I know it's very just super laid back
and we just like I said early we just
did the best we got today
we will be back tomorrow is going to be
a lot of fun actually going to do
something that I've always wanted to and
never done and doing all of those lately
I've been doing a lot of those not those
things lately
that being said hope you enjoyed the
story time maybe we should do more of
those I don't know we have lots of great
stories tell us in the comments if you
want more story time and give us that
like button if you want more I love you
came time for bed we love you guys thank
you so much we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile off
you
