yo what's going on out here what are you
doing are you taking all the stickers
from the store I saw it on camera
listen I don't know pretty no but you
know got a huge sponsor who's your
sponsor mom or mama
listen just hook me up who proved that
oh I get back to you you know my agent
had to call someone else's agent late
and as you know just just just the guy
rides the bike so I come out welcome to
the vlog first like America country
slapping stickers all over his bike do
you really like does the sponsorship
require all them stickers or you just
want it on it they did and my agent
called me up and it just I got my
inventory of my my first paycheck and I
put it in the safe and over there was
this is your this is your pay you locked
it you lost it going to show you where
the key is in okay so if you follow your
heart which I won't tell anybody where
it's at come on it's right underneath
here Oh hooking it up Jolly Rancher stop
that's it what is this what is that this
is on this exhaust pipe sweetie bike mm
mm no actually I bought that we never
put oh so attractive first of all
official welcome to the vlog guys track
2 sent us a couple new toys actually
before I go in there they sent me a
whole bunch of new paddle cutters for
the pond so we can hydroplane with the
xmax those things are mean so we got the
big boat but they just came out with new
little boats check that out
I'm a totally whoop you boy woof you oh
this is gonna be so perfect look at that
is that the coolest thing ever
whoa what things a tank feel it it
weighs so much and charge them up race
with me
or we could stand up on the tower and do
races around the fountain and trampoline
like eight figure eight how fun it is
gonna be oh my god one place all right
buddy I got them charging whoo-hoo
yeah you got it what's up flash what's
up buddy you got it I can't make this up
so I just get any okay backstory really
fast we bought country a new bike if you
missed it that's the bike that he just
slapped all the stickers on right there
country decided be a great idea to ramp
that bike into the pond and pretty much
flooded out but it still works it's
still run you won't believe what I just
got in my email hey Roland my name is
Alex she'll I don't know say last name
CEO of monster moto mini bikes that's
the company that makes that bike right
there your bike you look yes I wanted to
reach out to you about your posts this
week and how much we loved seeing all
the fun you guys had with our bike our
team cheered when we saw country ride it
out fish it out and repair it we don't
want your family to miss out on the fun
and wanting to send along to new monster
moto bikes for you we also know because
my son is a huge fan of yours
you loved you giveaways and cool stuff
your fans we'd like to send a couple
motorbikes for you guys how we're gonna
have to figure this out too because
they're offering to give to a way to you
guys who want to put the two in the pond
and just let somebody come and fish a my
oh my guess the first the first people
to fish and get them oh you got more
bikes to dodge flash more bikes to dodge
nicer sleepy maybe chase should get the
other one I don't know about things you
taking my Jolly Ranchers I don't know oh
okay you know what maybe we should put
him through the test and see if he gets
his license in here yeah what's going on
with it when I'm getting my license
how long I got I got I got both the
driver cane I go do some rice you got it
for sure
oh boy Greg mines still charging should
I just take it anyway look at em bar you
see I'm bar here set it in over here
over there watch fuck let's do it right
here okay you're on there so that one's
good let me turn the boat on okay get
your remote ready let's do it
see a little guy
oh yeah oh yeah
put behind a shamble in it leave these
bookmarks there it is there big circle
I'm gonna get mine I'm looking at my own
much juice as though it's in Adventure
Time see ya
jelly's are awesome well I just did like
a spin also fucking me hahaha they're
pretty cool did you're great at it man
good job
are you want some more camera time is
that what it is you're not get enough
camera time flash huh how you build a
ramp in the water for our sea boats
because they think they have a drop-down
right there and would clip it would hit
it we got to figure that out I wouldn't
be back go and do something special I
wanted to do for a very long time
you got you got it you're gonna love it
so beautiful day my friends you're
feeling positive hope you're thinking
positive I'm doing something right now
that I have wanted to do well not really
for a long time but since Quora was born
I have tattoos of Britney Noah and Kane
have an entire chest piece on and I have
had a tattoo for a very long time
actually the last tattoo I got was
probably my boys right here Cain Cain on
this side and no on this side and years
and years ago before I ever knew I was
going to have another kid I have an
empty star basically inside each one of
these stars is a letter for Noah Cain
and Britney and I said if I ever have
another kid I have one extra star I'm
going to put my
it's initial right there I love you boy
I still think about you every single day
come on country you already know what's
going to happening you already know it's
going to happen stay back here statement
with the visit country's driving up with
me we have to go to different places
afterwards so we drove separate no
you're going to lose the people to try
anything we know we've taken this to the
track and welcome to Ohio know what's
going on with the weatherman well east
we got a free car wash spook the cars
look good that's with my voice is
cracking all deaf you're like I feel
like a real boy real grown a real grown
boy today alright guys this is where
I've gotten all my tattoos my flames my
chest my stomach everything like what
you got long hair now I'm going for the
hippy life no you look good
so Mike shot like was it this that was
laughs that was a lot that's a long time
ago was I was blogging there was I'm
logging to agree I don't know I think I
was blogging I was this feat definitely
wasn't like you've put you put some
hours on this - all right you got my
piece I got you guys are going to a shot
I know you got cool that is awesome
here you go around that corner just go
around the corner he's going to fly what
where it's going to be and then I'll
show you okay so um me and my kind of
set this idea up that I would get Korra
see that I think he's gonna put it on my
myface
I'm going to convince country that I
really want this tattoo and I just want
to see what he says you think he's gonna
let me know all right he's about to
apply I just want I want to get your
opinion like an actual like I want you
to see it as if my viewers see for the
first time all right okay goodness man
yeah just chill for one second I won't
make you wait what if I end up really
liking it then we'll just do it just
send a picture of Britney to you okay
my my and we go
but we got it oh my god oh yeah come
here so much think what do you think
nothing what they like it or not you got
enough a night of speaking to me it will
is that where you would get it like this
my my baby girl you don't want her to
like always remember that I got around
tattoo you know see uh-huh Oh unless you
with the baby girl I like not the right
follow-up no it is it's the rice by
Apple is the rice pasta you know like I
don't Louis like taking it in right now
I feel like I feel like when chorus 18
years old she like dad thanks for
getting that tattoo like I love it I
love it
dad thank you it wasn't me here so I've
never seen you this blanks like you saw
a ghost
hi I'm feeling confident I need to fire
off the needles he just go for it what
you think Brit consent here does any
among long I was just I didn't think use
no no I'm honestly I just haven't you're
raising my hand oh thank you just
thought about this idea of obvious
wrapping up like no I mean I talked to
my I thought I talked to Mike about this
like he tree had time to draw it up and
everything like this is customer 2017
stuff right
oh I heard that for a while right like
makes your heart beat
just kidding really mind it that much
I'm out the drill it while you stand
back so far dude come and support me by
my hand it hurts
you look like about to call my mom
called Brittany call my dad mommy oh
sorry here yeah man we all got tattoos I
mean you got that to you though oh my
god you could get oh we could do one for
him like maybe match like on the Sun you
can match it up dude alright he was
gonna come over are you serious right
now
look at her saying dude
we got it just talk you don't think I
should do this talk about it oh I knew
he's gonna stop me no I don't let me
just twist them right now this isn't me
I can't pull it off just say I can't
pull it off Roman Simon PPR pose no and
no is that you actually be honest if you
know how'd you get saying if I just
stick with the c4 now on my wrist
anything but anything but this
I knew you would step in last second I
even told Mike he's never gonna let this
happen
I got my dad here so he wasn't playing
on get in it no I was playing on getting
it you just talking about it dude I'm
not kidding I kind of keep it to play
with his band is what you gonna get it I
don't think Mike what I don't think Mike
would have let me get that I went back
half way after half if I like the toys
you started for real I came here to get
my letter C that's it I had to do that
first of all second
I do think core needs more than just the
letter C eventually like we got a plan
something nice for Cora because I got
the big chess piece for my boys I need
that I need that your voice was like
literally nervous
so like you get big go I'm just I don't
you heard anybody know that right
fewer Brit has to say I say I don't know
spice sleeping right now it's baby hey -
what Oh shake you don't like it it's
done it's kind of blurry well there's no
way you would do that what do you mean
there's no what scene okay
all right now she just put me to the
test no way I would do it hi baby girl
I gotta do that mm all right you're
right I can't fool you country so for
amazing I told country and I way didn't
tell country so he just thinks that I
was about to get this all right she said
hi Mike all right a real no my C is
about to go in for baby Cora we got beef
a Brit and for Noah kid for Kane
doesn't even can't even feel it dude
can you feel it boom 30 second tattoo
yeah woo the long-awaited sea is now on
me I'm a poet didn't know it that was
legit I think 30 seconds dude like 30
second tattoo Tom maybe I leave this on
like go to my parents house I don't know
no let's wash it off before I fall in
love with it I want it thank you Mike or
the man if anybody needs a chat boom
look it up didn't he just I don't want
to start carrying defibrillators with me
cuz I'm not giving my heart attack all
this weather is crazy right now time is
so evil time why why do I fight you all
deaf you guys can be 900 when I was
younger maybe if you're young you don't
turn and go this fast for me when I was
going to swear my parents would said
tons just a little
still 24 hours a day no matter what long
no good I'm telling you my days are so
currently the Khazars blending cavity
blur together chocolate split parents
you know what I'm talking about
kids like enjoy it my Saran like
everybody told me to enjoy it how you
getting to like you to do what you do I
understand what I'm telling you man time
is so mean to me right now I'm always
racing the clock
great none of Tomica get long check on
the family I have multiple phone call
meetings get past those maybe I don't
know how I would film at blood ah yeah
let's go home and check on the back
how's my little man how's my little man
hey you listening I miss you so much you
see what I did
looks like DJ yeah you like it pretty
cool now we got the whole Britney Noah
caning or already got yours on there a
long time ago a little man she's awake
it's such a good day guys thanks for
being here where you're going to
probably go do our thing
get Cora to sleep sleep and then I don't
think I did a proper wear out job on my
boy so they did I we need to we need the
ref or something help you guys thanks
for being here with us for absolutely
everything we will see tomorrow it's
beat me on beat daddy up take it out on
we love you guys so much thank you for
being here we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind -
core
you
