we had always to call with an intro this
is the best week hot
I just feel like I feel like we've been
gone a week like I should have some
fancy like saying I should I should say
something different than welcome to the
hall I like I feel like you know like a
chance it should be a whole new
experience a whole new set of kids like
we can exchange these ones and get some
different ones I wouldn't exchange you
for a million trillion bazillion dollar
don't you think it's been a long time
like we're coming back to YouTube I feel
like we need to do something it was
really pretty sure everybody agreed
flash what should we do but I we should
take a nap if you sleep Empire what
should we do nothing I do have some
great things planned David I just feel
like there's so much to catch on there's
so much that's happened this week little
Korra is three weeks old
my daddy's girl right there I think the
best place to start is that we just
start we just go we just get this day
started and get movin and groovin I do
have some plans and I'm pretty sure
you're going to sleep for a bit no we're
still in serious baby's page here I
don't hear what anybody says we're still
in baby she still needs sleep she still
eats and poops all day long and so does
the babies we have an awesome idea with
these today
okay so chase just got here and today we
want to do something special for someone
special yo she got here yo hey what's up
alright um well you got what is it
McDonald here say thanks bro I know it
was this boy do you ready make this
happen or what did you even told me what
we're doing here you know the BI ke oh
that's today ha ha ha Wow
duh black sea just experts pregnant
sound stupid but country's got this bike
that he loved you probably seen it in a
blog that's probably seems stupid but
this is true story country loves his
bike look like Mario Kart King Donkey
Kong look it is always bigger and better
how much does country love his bike he
talks about every time see him he's
always talking about racing people on
his bike we thought it was like a joke I
thought this whole thing was a joke like
he jokes about but I think he truly
loves this bike and I think it's time
today we got to get in something good
and upgrade like it's gotta be you gotta
upgrade him yeah like that's the
surprise I want to I want a surprise
country with a new body kill but it
can't just be we're gonna make it work
for it okay yeah there's so many look
fun what's up brother
everything is awesome I'm just checking
in on you see what time you're going to
be here today I just run some tests on
the area but I say oh about is it okay I
think fun enough another hour maybe an
hour 20 minutes tops let's do this you
gonna help me huh you yelling at me we
got to go dude off the bike off the bike
we really like to know so don't because
if I'm so excited for today doesn't wait
you did not have a baby
stop I love every right back why what do
you want something jelly
oh you want Twizzlers scratching my
butter stretching my butt then and
asking my buzz scratching my butt
alright so we are off we are gonna go
surprise country with the perfect gift
birthday I just feel like he deserves
this okay it's it we need to do this
yeah you're gonna look how much side of
it uh
I don't know dude what if the Vikings
put together we probably need like feel
like we got job I feel like we got
not so much fun I'm excited to do
something for country today I feel like
it's long overdue I mean we do things
for each other all the time and I see in
the comics a lot you guys always ask me
like who is country where did can she
come from how did you need like there's
so many questions
this guy's thumbs up in my last vlog ah
we did a big tour and country was one of
my bodyguards on tour and we think the
best situations right love is always
about the crowd doesn't saying you have
from the crowd from on the bottom both
sides structured around surrounded by
the bus and every tear of the parking
lot completely
hanno drilled on the back oh yeah
at the same time Courant or country was
moving to Columbus Ohio which is where I
live
so him moving to Columbus just worked
out so crazy and now we have almost
every single day so yeah try to get us
something you really likes today's a
little guys little give back a little
gift let's do this didn't do it okay so
here it is guys dude he this is all
inspired because about three days ago
was about three days ago
okay solicit we were here and he fell in
love with this bike we're going to get
it right now for didn't come with me
right yeah of course you will
maybe he's pretty strict with his red
bike and Britt asked for Twizzlers but
this is all they have like real licorice
dude give this to right so cool the
Twizzlers in here floating cooler why is
that not called a cannula it looks just
like a canoe just this how you get the
big stuff huh yes this is and strong
people think I've been working out Oh
gotcha
oh yeah yes case figures in we got here
good job guys we'll make we'll make a
day like a guy's day to know I really
make my voice on there yes thank you
very much alright we're in and we're out
in two wins because I got Brittany how
much one that is the wrong which shall
be like that Scott's wins like it's not
it's not what she's thinking nobody
animus circus being all worked out
yes yes
that's horsepower right yeah he's gonna
flip
how about are you think this is oh no I
heard something y'all Fleshman yelling
at me all day 100% I did whatever said
it's gonna be wrong
guess my wrong oh my Cara she's out I
know what you're probably thinking like
why would you why would you get country
like a big giant pie like a full size if
you would have seen the way his eyes
were when he saw this bike it had to
happen like whether he gets a bigger
bike later or not this had to happen
he's going to love it when country gets
here we're gonna he's going to see this
box and probably figure out that that
could be the bike right but inside the
box is just his old bike
we so sad oh but we just gotta cover
this up like we need to hide this bed
sheet yeah something just put some other
stuff around it too so it looks way
bigger than it actually there's so much
weird stuff here that a sheet just
covering something New York it makes
them just like any any like sheet that
we can just throw over hey baby girl
you're awake Quorra
hey baby oh we just need like being
sheet like we just possibly spike so
we're gonna hide it from him this is the
giraffe that's all we got is the dress
we did I don't work it's camouflage
outside what do you what you don't want
me to use the blanket look at him
grabbing it there's not yours you know I
love it dude it's gonna look like a
different object my blankets not that
big though no it'll fit it should fit
that it's not yours it's not yours
hey when did you get the baby giraffe
huh yo flash you're going to steal that
blanket bro bye time cut watch it's just
going to be sitting there okay I'm
checking it out what's with that black
fit what I got at least there's some new
tape on here you can have to at least
open this thing I know why am i hiding
why am I fucking editing speed
look good
how are you oh no like three days ago
when we're over it
the outdoor store dances and you saw
that little mini bike good hotel is that
no take it you know nice I'll be waiting
here you happy waiting forever opening
line I swear open it
Oh Matt dude I was super portable
uploading yeah we didn't die in openness
yeah we did today actually I play jokes
on me meadow I was so happy and all of
it is my Baby Doe right here it looks
straight straight to the candy Jordan
yeah your last two minutes no what what
I got like two to three Jolly Ranchers
missing out of it
I'm going to put a lock on this you're
gonna have to get a lot like one long
you're gonna right here yes you keep oh
you do have a lot I need a key just uh
oh that's your is that your protection
he's on to you dude he's on to you even
I leave this bar when did you bring swim
trunks reading oh definitely what my
swim trunks
bad joke with it with that you put my
old bike inside that box
did you see that that's cool everyone
knows I wanted that bite wait flash
flash Kaji but yo flash what are you
doing yeah oh oh my god you got it you
fucked it down
Oh No we try to hide it your first test
the cones Nick you're going to handle
some tone action little figure eight
little crisscross applesauce I'm super
pumped about it by pretend these are the
kids you got to dodge the kids and it
dies yeah this is like graduation this
is like obviously you know there's a lot
of obstacle to my year I don't want to
make sure that you're qualified to just
be here and ride around you haven't ever
ever had a bike to trouble the red one I
had I just did in one place and I just
turned side to side one quick update
that I have to show you guys we've got
our fountain in and this thing's amazing
has like tons of tons and tons of
different settings and at night the
whole thing lights up like 20 different
colors it's amazing look look at that I
love it at night this all changes colors
we also got a bunch of these giant
aeration pumps that move the water from
the bottom of the pond at the top I
think it's just running in my way well
here's the thing you go don't move
here he goes he's on the move oh yeah
nope got your eye on sitcoms
I think you pass that test piece of cake
I mean your foot kind of it's a cup I'm
not going to just point it do I get my
life is now I think we got a few more
tests yeah it's gonna complicate
remember there's family involved here
man I can't just be driving around like
I'm hanging I don't have to have a sense
one out of the red light second test are
you ready this is the kid pick up we've
got an event happening here at the house
we need a kid picked up at the other
side of the property
all right should be you that could be
it's okay whoa it's okay we're gonna
rescue you all right you see the well
you see the well way over there there's
a kid sitting on top of it
we need the kid brought back to the
house okay no I don't even raising my
head does it matter how I bring back the
kid not not for this particular task
that be later in the future but for now
we need the kid brought to the house
he's in the danger zone there could be a
monster truck about to start up over
there we just need him back okay
did it you brought the baby good job
that baby was a lot tougher to bring
back than what I thought it look like
you're struggling around that last turn
I was about to hold the baby in one hand
and hold the bike struggling Oh move in
with me
Moby I'm surprised flashes an attack in
your Moby Wrap you mean Obi look like a
sheep it pretty much just yeah you got
instructions yeah little core is always
not country's taking a breather Manas as
good work man I gotta say I'm impressed
who was that I'm impressed with your
time it's like three minutes back here's
the thing between like the ones you buy
at the store that you just slide your
baby into versus this I like this but
like the one thing cube Isis or your
baby's not going to fall out nah they
got it's like a backpack yeah nice dress
this I know the baby's not going to fall
out this but it appears more risky
because you are in charge of the rig job
you know what I mean of course so
knocked out look at her arm three weeks
open three weeks old through that she's
balled up bring its way through hey
ready oysters Ginga here's Larry Stewart
that's what she's made of what I get it
oh my gosh you're looking routine you're
looking Aroo yo that's pretty cool
actually yes you've got to love that yes
you got to love that actually
hundred percent she can't fall out of
that no like when I'm a hundred percent
sure of something it's never true you're
you're 100 percent I'll test right here
boys the kid in the water test country's
the guy for the job right now I feel
like he wants this bike so bad me plus
he wants to get in he brought swim
trunks I'm very pleased in while he's
changing I do want to say the only thing
that sucks about this fountain really
really bad as you can not swim with the
fountain on so everybody has to know and
be aware that you cannot swim with the
fountain on it's electric issue and it's
safety just in case some was to go bad
the electric would be running through
this water so we have a breaker that you
have to kill every time we get in this
water so that's kind of
we also won't be much longer on this guy
check it out I mean we got a we got to
cut it make it look pretty but coming
together so I guess the next question is
if I was a kid in a boat and I can't get
back because I have no oars we gotta get
rid of yours did so as you go back to
smile more you're not gonna know where
the kid is all right you can be right in
this area probably right out there but
I'm gonna put the kid in on his lifeboat
rescue them all right this is how you
get your bike right here ready rescue my
baby oh all right as fast as you can get
here get off get the baby get back on
get the smile more overall it's a pretty
easy challenge I mean yeah you just run
then jumps in here's how I would do it
all right I would get the bike right
over here you only gonna take you know
you don't put the kickstand down you
just set it down set it down run jump
and die right go get the kid so in the
back we're gonna go back to mama you got
a rescue him yeah okay well I'll see
these ready dude maybe we don't put the
kid in ha ha ha kids going out you ready
what's going it's going too far that way
last test Rock approved to Roman I'm
saving this child coming home with me
only I'll do it rescue that Conan
efficient
oh my gosh he wasn't he was very driven
Oh
oh my god what do you think you want
baby huh tell me one thing
kanji tell me one thing where is your
body who's in the water yo my stomach
hurts so bad I'm crying Oh bro you went
out so far you don't worry oh I got the
bike my gosh you suck
in my head and everybody else who said
you were gonna stop like here hop in
rescue the child and go back to this
this is why you can't have a bike you
told me this is a bike test I think it's
like this way and going to water with a
bike like a full rack I don't know what
you were putting it at it I cannot
believe what I just seen where's the
bike the bike Uganda you can't even get
it that's like way down there and you
can't carry backup we got a rescue yo
nobody's been to the bottom of this
thing it's so deep I see the bubbles
right dude you went out like four I did
everything I got the bike here's what
I'm worried about two things one will
never get that bike back - even if we do
it it's probably watered probably
destroyed it oh come on
Roma hope one's got into the stick get
my basement cool it's been a long time
since I last saw it I couldn't breathe I
couldn't even film I probably missed the
whole thing
you were I started with stopping and you
just kept going
romantic oh I thought you meant listen
you put me on the bike run how many
times
I say you hop off the bike grab the kid
get back on the bike and go to smile
more stuff fast as you can get here get
off get the baby get back on get the
smile more genuinely sad right you know
from also let you know I saved that baby
that baby
that's right up test number four go get
your bike I'm just going to throw you in
a loop if you can just loop anything
just anything or a slip knot or any type
of no oh it slows nobody like
understands it's deep it is so deep like
it yeah you can swim to the bottom but
when you can't see anything not going to
heaven st. the Caribbean man when you
need to see the bottom and get to your
destination this is like you're blind
completely can't see nothing and you got
a rope and you got to tie it to an
object if you find the object yo deep
okay look out for over I went as you
guys can see I rescued the baby over
there so I got rope if you're going to
the bottom of a pond you're going
prepared oh my god I think of that I
mean I kind of did but dude this will
give you quite a bit of breath actually
slippers Oh get down there way faster Oh
my finger even flip just flippers like a
human dish go anywhere you're gonna have
to get some real weights and scuba gear
find our little husky bike gotta feed it
country okay feed it I knew hitting that
bike was a bad idea it was all about
saving the baby
you can think I'll tell you what you can
keep you can keep that cone we all happy
country in it
big old grin dude I'm gonna risk the
baby
here comes flash now I believe I can fly
country stuff yep you dodged it you
dodged this bowling balls laughs the
cannon the cannon man but I just would
have an illogical dude in the shower
girl you looking at the fishies huh I
love your shirt
you're the best what you saw somewhat
just that because clearly bro Roman said
set the bikes down but you just you know
you also had me doing all these all
these different tasks to pass my test
so I misheard them all right no big deal
all right but I saved that baby and
that's all that matters I got it did it
in great time no one's looking at that
and I think that's that's that's where
it stands Roma should see that I did it
in great time and I saved that baby this
is the gravy boat guys I gotta say thank
you so so much
for first of all welcome back we are
back we feel better than ever thank you
so much for sticking around and waiting
for us being so patient we we just we
needed it so bad that being said I hope
you enjoyed our welcome back video I
don't even know if it's welcomed like a
welcome back video it's just I don't
know kind of a different flavor to the
video we wanted to you know kind of make
it fun today so I hope you enjoyed it we
took a week off and I'll be honest it
took me four of those days to even stop
and relax like my whole my whole mindset
was just like oh I can't believe I'm not
filming like why am I not filming this
there's like two days that were nice
like they really were I finally was able
to just kind of sit back and relax get
everybody on board man share this video
with friends with your family and let's
get back to it guys I love you so much
let's see you tomorrow I love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
