welcome to the vlog guys we were
starting today exactly where we left off
yesterday with this giant project what
is happening
we started this yesterday the weather
turned crap on us and it got late so
we're gonna tackle it today completed
today what is that
so you can climb up into your little
bunk bed buddy oh you brought me too
good stuff it's a story about these
bricks though ok they were perfectly
encased inside a heavily fortified
fortress of poison ivy dude what I had
literally in there with the machete
right is this true is this story true
can you confirm this story and Barger
he's coming to hear this story and
Flash's already he's already given up on
that story hundred percent so of course
that's what it is Carson it's your new
bed dude
that's where you gonna be sleeping for
now on so get a pillow so that being
said we got our best help out here today
we're gonna tackle this project and have
some fun please allow yourself one two
three hours to inflate and assemble your
water traveling you will need some
assistance that's you at least two other
people to carry into the water that's
you empire's
yeah we can saddle him up can you just
come out with the greatest idea ever he
said a ram Pauline this could be our
trampoline you can ramp onto the
trampoline satisfying about spring
okay so while we're putting together all
the sprees we're gonna take this
inflatable out and start blowing it up
by the way guys can we just take a
second look at all our new grass this
was dirt dude all dirt before you just
pick my leave my grass dude for
scientific purposes big rocks oh my this
thing is gigantic one of them giant life
rafts it come out of an airplane or
something here we go
how we doing on this side of the farm
boys it's hard like spring a ling a
dingdong this is getting all that upper
body was like country afternoon
Britney's awake someone go check on them
just let me know what you're done
well mama in here mowing down flaws you
want to kill Street I do I kill it the
faces assault gun you guys brisenia
before best flyswatter ever but I killed
probably four flies before I go on
outside it's cuz look it's because of me
I left the door open I just saw fly come
in
where's maybe Cora she rd up she's
already graduated she's off to college
she's Todd's gonna be like poem is it
awesome or what
it's not done but we've got the
inflatable blown up which is great and
Springs
halfway done we're closed it's set up to
three hours I think we're only at for
five hours sit boys that's it boys
Chase's exhausted it's up to you now we
want to play today
you gotta pull you gotta want it it's
always too soon to give up pull four
sides ready to party ready let's put
your back boys look with your back
oh god so much heavier than I thought
just like a halfpipe I feel great about
it this thing looks like a Pringle bro
oh so piece of cake this thing's just
gonna set on there huh you watch
yesterday's vlog you now know why we
didn't do this yesterday it's a big
project we're going on what is it two
days now
all right we're getting to the critical
stage we got knifes sharp stone and we
got to get this thing in the water
so there's anchor points there's there
all the way around and we got to drop
blocks down to the bottom and then tie
it off so that the raft don't float
around you guys ready
come on man let's get it out there you
guys can help us how about this blocks
dude I don't know if this'll work
oh it's gonna work dude it's gonna be
our concrete block boat it's blocked
boat cane chatter now look it dude if
that boat flips though there goes all
our blocks yes we're gonna ship them out
to the to the buoy
Wow she's a floater I think we've all
see the kids for the next week or two oh
my gosh dude there's gotta be an easier
I smell food it works
it floats we got to get the ropes we
gotta set the anchors swords are coming
you sit it out yes it's headed right for
us
so we'll tie the blocks on we'll lower
it down till hits the ground and then
we'll tie it off underneath we will have
to go scuba diving though I'm in I'm in
for that
Brett it's Cora wanna jump boom he wants
to play yo we need to get something that
makes it spin like a rope all the way
around it and you pull it with the quad
dude all right we're gonna start
anchoring this thing I think we need to
head just a hair this way dude this
looks like a movie right now
the wrong knife brought a knife to a
gunfight this is incredible down here
hey buddy my buddy hey guys it's
current-day I expected to in the vlog
last night with Brittany and cor I
didn't think they were in the vlog
enough and then it's just been Coors not
been sleeping tonight so we've been up
Brittany has been up even more than me
but even I have we've been up all night
no big deal we'll finish the vlog in the
morning so we can get a little bit more
of the baby and the vlog and you and the
vlog and well they're asleep they're
sleeping they've been up all night all
morning and then by the time we're ready
they had to go back to sleep so they're
laying in bed guys so no not much of
korah in this vlog but she is as of
today two weeks old today two weeks
already I can't tell if it feels like
longer than that or barely at all hey we
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
