so go to the blog guys I feel like it's
been forever since I started to belong
actually in a vehicle that used to be
the only way I start a vlog so weird
Before we jump into it thank you so much
for understanding our miss yesterday
Brittany has been stopped feeling
gracious and like Six Sigma she's just
been you've been off she's been tired
she's been a little feverish she just
hasn't felt like Brittney so today I'm
trying to pick it up she's sleeping with
Korra right now so I thought I don't
let's run out we got a ship and it came
into Columbus that I got a go pick up
they can't deliver it till next week and
I said we gotta have this during the
weekend it's a beautiful day I hope
you're feeling great I hope you're ready
to sit back relax I'm going to get
something that I've never owned I've
never been on I've never done in my life
so we were just knocking these things
off this list of last week's everything
aside everything aside I hope everything
I saw Wow but I hope that you're feeling
great guys I hope you realize how great
you got it look at the bright side
sit back think of something positive
enjoy this vlog and thank you so much
for understanding our up to ups and
downs right now with just the family get
adjusted the baby Britney not feeling
that great it's been a little rough so
let's keep it going we're not going
anywhere if we do it's very very
temporary it's one day so thank you guys
so much let's go what's up babies what
laughs oh I know I missed you so just
please open up please hey yo what's up
well you can't work you're working on in
here but this is a new kind of mango
I've never seen before
oh this one looks weird okay I have a
duck I can't say I'm certified mango
cutter funny - I don't think this is a
good one
really that one good you going with us
are you ready let's do this okay okay
all right I'm with you it's the guard
dogs does that dog go with the Palouse
hop on into big Clifford she go with you
going with us
where's he go come on you go with me I'm
gonna keep you
just in case any anybody missing kicked
anybody thinks you're having a bad day
it can always get worse
oh I always get it when you think out a
bad day chanela can always remember that
can always get worse I've just picked up
chasing his kids and I know starting to
think with this thing even fit the
better this truck like I don't feel like
that's on a pallet I don't know rock you
got a little bad back there it's not the
biggest bet that's for sure it's a guy
like a half thick there's a will there's
a way
put on the roof we can tilt it can and
nothing is impossible looks pretty not
likely how can the ground or friendly
yeah you're on the fruit like usually a
prison door and then got a key code no
that is precise right there precise did
that says head in parking homes I mean
you got a park forward yeah yeah today
never Olivia I got tattoos I got oh man
hi we're in the wrong place
dude I don't know I think that's it you
just gotta hunt you gotta open all these
yeah you gonna open all these trucks and
find our back I don't even know where
you go man I am so lost
well I'm so glad we did bring the
tractor wow this is not so lost right
now that was like a pickup that's for
sure I'm like walking up into the
warehouse
that's like scooby-doo hello
sorry so Robin earlier about a pickup is
it the right spot yeah so off this is a
folium bar was given there they will not
release me the freight what like I'm not
kidding okay so I just spent I don't
know 20 minutes explaining to this
besties Estes company that I'm the owner
of small more they will not release my
Freight because the order is under smile
more and I'm Roman Atwood not smile more
it is the most bizarre thing I've got
credit cards with smile Moore's company
on them and they still will not release
the fray they don't think that I can
pick up the freight it's insane
from kurtal obviously all we want to do
is play boys here's that here's the part
that is kind of irritating is that
Veronica cheese's wife already preset
this up today that I come pick this up
with Robin who works here but guess what
Robin left for the day
Oh this place will release the free the
Roman name is maman
yeah I don't I don't blame you right now
for covering that up I would too okay so
they're working on email and if it's
going to that address
put on some high kicks ass bores boys
get things done understand that's a nice
job right there man I appreciate you
thank you
how funny after all that they would have
finally came out and it did fit not sure
now Hogan Hogan is a company a truck I
can get beyond no I mean I'm gonna give
you on them shouting per job buddy
you're in my way up hey what's up dudes
what's up did you miss me you smell the
other dogs
you smell angel huh missed you guys you
got some helping hand
you guys won't tackle this today on
upgrade I mean upgrade as well as well
we got daylight mugger chick I'm
Brittany baby let me know when you're
done see how my girls are doing how's my
ladies huh
what's up sweetie it's like just let me
see my friend of my way girl super good
and chill movie how are you feeling
better well way better than before but
just trying to keep it easy and slow and
rare yeah easy and slow that's that's
not mean anything for me
you're good I never sent any of you need
a movie I hear I'll rock this out always
windy today holy moly
this is so funny watching these kids try
to get to the end without jumping off
the tower it's like cold out here
everyone's swimming I put on a full
hoody I think I've been a little off too
but it's kind of chilly you're heading
for the dock it's to bringing gold on
you don't think this love you'll be
warmer so we're going to hold off on the
build today it's going to take it says
up to three hours to build and to be
honest we don't even have that kind of
daylight so we're going to wait till
tomorrow on that but it's going to be
nicer in warmer weather anyway
kind of disappointed to be honest a good
note though our drop-in tower
is becoming real are you gonna drop down
when it's done you know you can go in
and ball you can go and if you want
inside if you wanna go get some warm
clothes on go get warm all right
oh I jumped off
he's digging with his nose dude stop
flush what are you doing gonna don't do
that you're so close to the water bro oh
wow nice babe
interesting way to get back to the dock
get wet did pretty effective I'm dry be
good you got to do the shimmy dude it's
the shimmy walk there we go
it's effective well so today's plans
didn't end up going you know it's funny
when you vlog you try to line your
projects up with your daily vlog so that
you have something to do while you film
and today we like got set back a little
bit it took forever to get that package
by the way because I wasn't you or the
small more store I know so
that is literally our vlog for today
guys Brittany's getting back on our feet
thank goodness you're feeling better
like that's number-one priority right
now
core is good so that's even better
everybody's doing better now so
hopefully tomorrow will be smoother and
we'll be able to just stick with it
sickness is not fun for anybody I just
how much sickness on anybody it's the
worst when you just can't be you so we
love you so much here at the outlet
house thanks for hanging out with this
guy sorry I missed yesterday but duty
calls
daddy Tom daddy daddy's got to do
beautiful one of a kind smile mwah
you
