hey guys welcome to the blog today is
all hang on hang on looks a little noisy
little noisy welcome to the vlog guys
hope you are having a fantastic day
today is all about what we're gonna
we're going to do something that I've
never done in my entire life first I got
to hook up these Forks to this cat so we
can play let me finish giving in fourth
give me them forks they're mine are you
ready for a good time
the foot pop up where are we going we're
going boys where we going
ludis you know I'm better and driving on
his brand-new grass huh okay so when you
guys get this done just come and get me
all right because oh my god like a beast
up baby
none of us can let this it's so heavy
what huh oh okay alright cuz you wants
you to go and toss that in the water for
me country yeah yeah chase I lifted more
metal that's good you made it look so
easy how did you fall hold this here I'm
like dude this weighs five times more
than I do alright guys so welcome we got
a bit of a setup today this is something
obviously we've never none of us have
ever does anybody ever done this no no
don't you ever done anything like this I
think everything I do with you
everything giving a heavily afraid of
heights and I've seen videos of people
on these things bro
I don't even know I think we'll be on it
super quick I'm gonna run outside really
fast I promise I'm here for the whole
build all right you want us to get
started you just open it but wait for me
dude I got this
there's my boy am em what's up big guy
what's up man okay you all right all
right that's right
I say he'd been a little camera-shy hey
um hey what's up you're not Britney
you're not burning bit that high Cora
she's awake No world world changer I
kind of believe it so mama how you
feeling any better
no I'm not like shaking
like wedding brits been a little up and
down today like like I like not a high
favorite you read like a hundred so she
was like freezin like it's so hot in
here
hey gamers were setting this stuff up
out here
I expect that fun with you later so we
got lots going on today we have a lot of
help with baby which is amazing
definitely helps us make vlogs as well
Eliza that's got to be cold that's close
water that is like ice did you get did
you get all our goods today you'd what
what is it
Oh your opposite of bread she cannot
surprise me of anything she's like I got
you this but you didn't surprise me
are these the surprises that's it that's
for the kids well it's fun to hey okay
great you guys that make it very far you
got the corner open what's the matter
check it up roof what's the matter it's
one of the way for you this is a big
reveal this is the part where country
pulls the whole thing out the bag oh
it's that's an actual bag oh my gosh
I'll back that thing with 250 300 pounds
you might be right okay here's a funny
back story about this okay this is
something that we actually had in the
original photo the cartoon photo of this
area the only issue is is Britney order
and she didn't know they had different
sizes she ordered the biggest one they
have which I think's gonna be I'm
perfect
no it's really it is super big and I'm
afraid my towers not even tall enough
for this so we're going to fill it we're
going to get it out we're gonna we're
going to do it
it's like Christmas morning yeah okay
okay so it's a two-part to point out
every said anything about pieces and
this is just a we'll just see what
happens
oh that's a me maybe this is the main
made you know we're just going to do a
lot of guessing instead of looking at
waynebow got and so maybe we should I'm
gonna pull systems infrastructure me all
right guys setup times 60 minutes faster
setup on the market is this a fact sick
an hour I thought we got one three of us
so that's that's the only 20 so I'm
going to eat plenty Meneses okay here's
what we're going to need unravel the
body in boo boo ease blow up the body
using a leaf blower for 20 minutes and
then the buoys for 20 minutes and then
we just fastened the buoys to the of
inflatable please secure to the water
and that's it that's it it does say
board of blow it up about sixty percent
inflation oh yeah there is no pressure
gauge maximum line yeah okay initial
problem we have a leaf blower or
mattress pump yeah we do have an air
compressor but you all think it puts on
an air like a leaf blower
leaf blower what about shop vac don't
they blow yeah tedward
let's shop vac it up anything's worth a
try
have my boy how's my boy theanine huh so
flash huh you huh I know what you're
doing you're inching towards that bag of
popcorn you better hang out now you
better hang out with me Oh was that
there we go
hey halsy fast you know right here huh
and after and I'll get you whatever you
need
hey Empire romp through the girls you
get that adapter yep yeah that one you
see go oh oh she's growing she's growing
oh my gosh guys hope you're having an
awesome day we are well kind of just
waiting now so he's gonna take us up to
20 minutes below up and I have never
done this up frogs jump having a
rattlesnake but seriously I can't thank
you guys enough for being a part of this
channel I always say that there's so
many channels to watch and the fact that
you're here with us it's just
unbelievable and our family everyone
here loves you we appreciate you so much
thanks for being a part of this hope to
make some fun for you they have no idea
how this is going to work or if it's
going to work but we have all the right
things to make something really fun here
today so wishes for were you
thinking
were you thinking so you can coming up
right I think we still need to figure
out what that is it looks important
all right mama you're ready to go how do
it should take it inside and make the
kids come out here before I actually
started vlogging today the kids have
been playing in the pond all day so
they're little they're probably what
happened hopefully this will motivate
them to come back out
hey hey bananas got she got your pirate
ships dude you get some race
3s down you want to come out way to go i
five this thing is gigantic dude Colin
you're getting the hang of it
you ready schooling on do it just all
about do it do it you got your own
little man woohoo you got it you
got it man so you are you definitely
ordered the big ones these days almost
is kind of my fault on a high ceiling
over the hill that
literally the bag is going to be almost
the top of the deck no lose the outward
you
exactly 20 minutes later huh Wow okay so
it feel 60% I've no idea how big this
thing is way bigger than I could ever
imagine it so we're all tied up buoys
are on I mean this thing's a beast beast
I'm gonna tell you this right now we
need a solid tower or a smaller blob
they've got extensions they're gone I
know we're gonna we're going to add to
it we're going to add to it I wrote to
it to actually control it to like what's
his answer like I love that idea I think
I'm doing pretty I love that idea it is
alright guys we're going to attempt to
get this thing in the water it's really
hard to tell big it is I mean country's
18 foot tall taller than him
you
you
give me my rope now we're gonna anchor
it case is the only book you got this
money you got it coming out on the
unbuild dock oh geez oh geez
hey you got this you got a helper fish
coming over all right guys you got a
Photoshop me on one of them skyscrapers
right here take the water out put me on
a skyscraper feel like I'm all alone I'm
coming in well coming in with my loyal
converse all that water's warm
Oh Lonnie this all right here where's
Bologna I subpoena nah just still time
dude it's still time you're still doing
my shirt take my shirt off the defense
team I'm not that kind of money that
kind of YouTube relevant look you know I
just got them great dad Joe good very
good
I got not I'll say that dad bod it is
not for today's well what's gonna happen
like a year when we got like snap and
they're like mid we don't want to keep
those out maddis for me and in their
Lake so iPod the bag or the buoy the
buoy okay
behind a buoy everything happens chase
said it I'll take the Hebrew God touch
my legs don't touch my legs there we go
anchor point number one is engaged ha ha
ha I'm on the grill oh I don't really go
out for this one bring it in
take it in bullet oh yeah oh my gosh
guys you got that some fun you know I
just feel like fun kind of what we do
we're you know do you think it's a bad
like right up against this would be here
that way okay we're gonna blow the back
of this dock out everything possible I
will say at this height kids are gonna
have fun you know I mean like it's not
dangerous
all right how is it gonna be right up on
this oh dude I love it
we're gonna have to go off this rail now
think yeah there's no way you got enough
off where you're standing I have a big
ladder I'll go first you want to launch
it I'm gonna lower 20 times yeah I'll go
first it looks amazing I wonder I wonder
I think we should do a test before we do
anything to test I will be that I have
no problem in the test we jumped off
this thing you're going all the way over
to the next County bro stop for the top
part of the red okay I just fall into it
yeah and that's going to add hair here
yeah it'll make a super firm for him so
when he when you jump all that deflated
air is getting moving
okay guys a quick go we just was read
this no body read the instructions here
he comes
done - done - done just jump on it bro
oh my gosh rip Roman oh my gosh so the
higher up on the red you sit the more
height you get so Roman wants to get
more height yo you should probably scoot
up a little bit more actually yeah you
need to be higher in the red zone oh my
gosh oh my gosh you can me my Jolly
Ranchers for brawling and done today you
getting launched I'm good
here goes nothing all right I feel like
I feel like for the first time ever it
was successful
like I didn't hit my head on a bird but
success
and
it's getting better fast flash he wanted
to loose in order to amazing now is
awesome good oh good oh good one whoa oh
my god here you got the height record
right now you're blind you're over the
power like a Bertie full many elegant
lazy
the point
that one never got me it wasn't bad am i
red sounds can you down do I look ready
yeah look at you I'm its yeah yeah it's
red dude how scared are you right now
I'm a little nervous
doesn't even speak straight will be fine
though you're gonna be fine I mean come
she's gonna take care of you
yeah up on out there white rabbit oh my
god
this is the greatest thing ever
literally my new favorite thing to do so
fun once we get this top this top level
built a second-story bloom I'm not your
little walk mom I just want to let you
know chase invited me to barbecues many
times and never really invited me mr.
cendars woods yeah so this is revenge
this is revenge jump I'm like let's hit
it up in the air
Norman I know once we get that second
level built the second story that's
going to turn into just a ride
whoa well you can film nah dude that was
fun I'm deathly afraid of heights but
you did it though give me five
I could see the fear in your eyes did
you see me go what's that song ten ten
ten then it then yes not that what
you're repeating are going through space
yeah so I need to do to your jump
see us fly here we were up there
that last one I dove knocking I hit the
water so hard up my shorts and
everything went straight to my knees
straight on yeah that thing is a riot so
much fun it was so fun
baby Cora you daddy went flying did you
see me out there just like that I'm
trying to sleep
just let me grow sure all right my
friends warping into your night a little
bit drinking some Yogi and Yogi um guys
were working in the night a little bit
Britt is getting coral tip and I should
show you guys quorum before we go around
good night you guys
laughs yeah anyway guys uh we are
calling it a day I had a wonderful day
were passed in time everybody's gone now
and we are saying goodbye for today
thanks for being the blob was a blast
and I think once we get the second story
built on the car and in the boat super
cool it's across it this cross-eyed car
let's go
I'm a delirious I'm a little sore
actually we did a lot I don't look like
much we did we did a lot anyway
and yeah love you guys man so much thank
you again and again keeper had a people
of Bordeaux line nobody slow you down I
let nobody tell you you can't do what
you want to do right like and daddy said
you can't eat that bread you'd still do
it we will see you tomorrow guys thanks
for the support the train keeps rolling
we love yet you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile more
you
