was it cheat like was the intro cheesy
enough you think we get I don't know if
it was cheesy
well welcome to the log guys welcome up
you did not look like you were ready for
me to start this vlog like I caught you
I caught you not being ready oh we've
been sitting here and I literally I just
honest to god I just said I haven't
filmed anything today and I already
figured the sound our spot on Harry her
ears are Oh little hairy Cora ears she's
all nice and clean like a clean skin no
shame oh we all decided as a family
let's just grab the camera just pick it
up hit record and that's where we're at
welcome to the vlog so since you want a
YouTube channel so bad what why don't
you just take over this channel for like
I don't know maybe a week while we go
where do you want to go this is this is
good okay we're going to we're going to
be in Aruba all right so call today yeah
st. Lucie so you'll just run this
channel film edit take do we how does
this work how does it we have Nana Nana
can still come during the day I'm Tess
so here you go take you're gonna need
you're going to need this hand to hold
this okay there you go
and we'll see you guys I know about a
week okay yeah so you're gonna hold it
okay Kane just you and me for a week
when are we gonna do
how many popsicles do you think you guys
would go through if you had a week with
no parents
how many popsicles not 100 honestly me
not a lot no one except in the millions
how long does donkey sit like this how
long did he sell me an hour of this look
at this if you will just sit stand like
that one leg on the bottom one leg on
top four I swear he's done it four hours
yeah let's go interview like let's go
ask him why he does this donkey we need
you I know you're flying talking donkey
I need hey flash hey hey buddy you got
some answers for me I need I need some
answers what's with the half on half off
esporte stance you can't give them all
the love you gotta get me love to look
at that
like he wants to fly or something like
he just wants to he brings you back to
getting to come on I will do it Lily
like who has a donkey just chillin at
their house all but like not even if you
have a dog he's probably in your yard
right like people thought yeah it's pie
in your yard ours is like lives in our
garage it hangs out on the porch
look at him what you thinking he truly
has become a part of the family he's
just a family member and he just hangs
out with us wherever we go
whatever we do hey you think we can get
my car seats you can ride maybe in the
middle all right we'll be back we'll be
back I'll see you soon
movie night you sure you guys can handle
a movie you might - seriously we're all
so tired
Smurfs all right baby girl be right back
Danielle not sure if I showed you guys
this but I have so many care of these
converse Brittany just pointed out these
are two different pairs and I've always
always have two different pairs on
because I have so many just in a box and
I just grab one look this one has a tag
this one doesn't okay look at the
difference in shoe strings totally
different shoes on timer yet today
tekzilla this poor girl hasn't been out
for a long time I think she's been out
longer than Godzilla
oh it is so so guys look at the dirt
look at the dirt it's bad since we got
Korra like leaving the house has been I
have a left
I got anywhere it's crazy I don't think
I've left the house since the flood
since I went out filming harmony in the
last on my last
Wow how many days is that what's
happening
by donkey my number this is grazing on
these hills it is absolutely gorgeous
beautiful over heaven and awesome day I
think knee-high by July is more I've
never heard that knee-high by July it's
like past my head dude I want to like
pull over show you guys how tall this
point it me I prefer July I don't know
but I've heard that all my life and this
craft is so tall exactly what is that I
cups oh gosh and pulled over right there
look at that oh my gosh gosh dude I love
you all know I'm nine foot tall but my
arms oh that's like 13 feet I like that
is okay so I know you have like a bunch
of spots where where is this do you want
to sleep tonight like what's what's up
and yet park near a cornfield just
clicked onto the normal for you
oh no when actually that does make sense
already okay
so 100% that's where you want to go
because I'll take you the best one find
your real spot real nice man no way
if you don't want to win on yeah so like
yeah that's the spot that's where you
want to be all right man well I don't
think it's gonna be rain so you're good
huh
I love you
you say I love you - well make sure
there's no deer like Scarah moving away
what she gave a knife or something
giving any weapon that he's gone what is
your biggest challenge in life what is
it right now currently what's your
biggest challenge mine
my biggest challenge hands down for me
is not having Noah all the time
that's it sure it's my heart it's my
biggest challenge right now is just
happenin I have my kid every day it's
difficult but it's the thing that causes
me the most like that's that's my baby
what is what is yours if sometimes it
helps to just talk about it like
everybody like every single person
watching you you have something going on
right now that you're like we all have
and that's life is this it is life and
actually these things make us stronger
they make us better they teach us
lessons like I definitely embrace your
problem definitely take them on a
challenge I'm like without problems like
are you really going to ever appreciate
anything that's what teaches you to
appreciate what we have let's team up
like let's buddy up like there's no
reason we have to do this on our own
like repeating like why not we're all
stuck here together on this planet let's
work together man help each other up
pick each other up when we're down so
yeah that's my little vent for the day
I'm going to go home and you know all
right guys can anybody yes what this is
it came today and I plan to get it all
out and get it ready and set up but it
just didn't work out say today's not the
day for this I promise you that when we
get that try to guess what it is
if you can figure this out I promise
when we do it is going to be insane like
what fits what is that what it just
looks like nothing we just ate Candice
got a shower they smells clean no smelly
smells good it's not like I know that
smell so half is still dry no cuz I just
did the full dry oh okay I was gonna say
and he did the whole go to Taos no it's
all JIS naal then she just dude hmm
it's not more Knifer off
yikes about it Wow
isn't it really really weird that we all
start this way all of us you me they all
start like this
even you blow in your diaper off going
down to the basement I always want to be
at home alone do that scene in the
basement always stuck with me so we have
a whole bunch Britney wants to see all
of our baby pictures to see how much
they look like Cora you know see like
Kings baby pictures and Brits and minds
and know it's all of our baby pictures
to see how much it resembles on you baby
girl Cora this book just sitting here
right here I think we actually showed
you guys this oh look my life Britney
it's like Kane with long hair that's K
or the mullet toes
I just hit my back on this light bulb
and it broke open I had no idea there
was that much stuff in a light bulb
that's a frickin lightbulb dude like
bomb I've never seen anything like at my
life
did you yeah whoa I can totally see for
uh can you yeah I took hardly liked this
picture wait we need a picture for us
well can we know where Cora got her
cheeks look that's mommy no no baby baby
big baby okay there's mommy
there's Britt NAT Cora totally see
there's look at the nose says pushed up
right there isn't yours pushed up you
little button this is for it one year
old it'll be so fun to see Cora one year
now she has you still have no hair at
one year I know like this is one years
old must been obviously your birthday
the resemblance is insane
I mean it's literally you guys are
little twins which is a great thing like
totally a great thing
you're way better looking than me I
would rather our girl look like you
oh yes debatable this is the class we
have to show that is a good one can I
show the viewers yeah you got style for
days girl my great grandma stuff I dress
really yeah
look how old do you think mommy is there
is a pretty wide age gap in this point
it's so fun going through like all we
have is a handful of photos and I have a
few photos when I was born
Oren Kane and our kids were going to
have all these videos like imagine how
long it would even take to watch from
start to finish how long would it take
there's a math if you added up the time
of every video even if you wanted to sit
down and watch your life right now Kane
it would take you days in days and days
and days to watch all the footage how do
I find out how long our entire series is
on this channel Wow guys that's it for
today forgive us we're going to hang out
we're going to watch a little movie
Korra just passed out I think we're
going to know so lucky love you guys so
much where's Misha she's passing out her
hair is getting lighter she's gonna be a
little blond like aw we love you guys so
much thanks for hanging out and uh you
know today is what it is just thanks for
being here
thank you I keep saying it and I mean it
from the bottom of my heart I love you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
