Oh
move
dun dun dun dun dun dun Stanton
she's out to get her maybe about waking
her up daddy's a loudmouth stretch
stretch stretch if to guard her with
your life
hey guys welcome to the vlog sneaking
outside for a minute baby
hey buddy what's up Oh almost fell you
guys see the intro today with lumbar was
under the port he was under that Porsche
I think that's the first shot I really
had of him under the porch it's just
first time you've been in your office
since baby overdue bill oh so I got your
text camo hats all right
she took me she's like Kim oh honey we
got to get them the right where they are
sit this that's our whole that's time
that's a whole collective one two three
four five hats six hats we have more and
we haven't showed these yet even he's
not even on the site right we need get
you on the website don't do that today
whatever little thing other little thing
that you add to them I have no idea what
you're talking about
come back I don't throw the company well
I'm saying take care baby I don't know
what you're talking about what is it
something goes on we're gonna get mom or
kids that they can go and have me all
for your house or your car or yet how
they're going to add it to that and then
so when's that happening why are we
talking about oh yeah I showed you guys
maybe I put these on the site today so
by the time you're watching this up
basically all our smile more lanyard all
the colors yellow check these out okay
check these guys out red yellow purple
blue I don't know what this is it's like
dark pink off red what is that look oh
is that Brit what color is that Veronica
said magenta we don't know we don't know
but they're in stock now guys
or lanyards are in stock and Britney had
a great idea with the key it would make
those later just point key so you can
take them and have your house key or
something made small margin I'm a little
bit idea no serious top now that you're
in my office your office what well the
reason I brought you in here we feel you
have to talk I don't know if I've told
you this today but I love to do so
q-ball hats and lanyards are back in
stock it gives the weight on camo hats
for ever and they've been out of stock I
wear every single bit literally we did
redo them we reach okay here's the story
on the camo hat we discontinued
discontinued them because we redid them
completely and how many did we order we
have thousands and thousands and
thousands of them we don't like them
we're not selling them we're literally
stuck with all these bad hats so weary
releasing these ones the ones that we
love I don't know what to do with all
that like seriously maybe we should just
do up a huge give like give them why not
maybe like a charity event or something
yeah I don't know but the good news at
camo are back this exact has back in
stock is it this yes it is a subjective
into everybody that has ever supported
tomorrow thank you so much this is such
a fun company have such a movement such
a positive thing and people get emails
tweets every single day have one of my
shirt today and I got so many
compliments I've worn my hat so many
come it's a real message people love it
and we're glad that you guys support it
you're excited I've never I've never
done have you done this you were okay I
think it's six saltines in a minute
right oh yeah your timer is it six I
feel like it should look this up I'm
gonna get up real fast just I don't know
okay my buddy Pete's doing nine crackers
nine how long has he got or he's just
seeing how fast you can do nine Oh Mike
Pete chew your food chew your poopy now
you got six you got six come on you got
to get in on this you got sick no
cheating
yeah I can already tell how excited you
are you're going to change
for me so you got six six there's enough
yeah we go okay you're going to be our
time or one minute right
is that a hundred seconds or one minute
minute okay okay
Hey okay you can get however you want
you did one at a time I think so
all right ready set I'm doing three two
time all right
that go here the time oh wait and it's
art 101 all souls are mm-hmm are you
doing to them we're gonna hear Oh hold
on I don't know dry
humming whim uh take five seconds nice
job through we've had waiver mmmm
about to come every young so I'm done
just for fun
get her out that's it I did and she
lost her mind over there
okay that's a super old challenge that
nope I just have never done it holding
you need to clean that up
this is my ear is way harder than it
looks
that is so dry it just sucks all the
moisture out of your body your whole
body alright so this side of the yard
I'll see yous out here you had that face
like you knew I was coming up on you you
know about you coming mom that's it Oh
dev always want to break into Pollock
you getting these crazy storms chases
here thorns keep bringing all this
friggin mud and destruction I got to get
all this grass planted and filtered and
that comes this week so it come along
you take all the candy out of your
pockets the check for candy bro
Oh would you rate that as Jack and I
will you rate the jackknife
I'll give them a 6.5 I mean is there
anything do we gotta get cuttin you got
to do the Saltine challenge we did so
have you ever done that it's six
saltines take six saltine crackers you
have one minute to eat them sounds easy
right
only six piece of cake right
that sounds really easy yeah it's
impossible well for me yeah maybe you
can do it
no no well somebody I don't know are you
going to get in today huh you talking
all this smack everyday you not been in
this pond yet and you want you can
doggie swell oh I love it you can't no I
think you just said no you can't swim
all right we're going to rig up this
ramp cam wants to do some jumps you can
do a backflip there you can teach me how
to do it I want revenge on the backside
you guys see I did the epic faceplant
you all know how I landed I want revenge
I want to land on my wheels that's the
goal and then maybe one day I'll take it
to dirt maybe maybe should I will it's a
goal of my worst that can happen I just
I don't know how you looked when you the
water the except I had tears coming out
of my eyes
we'll put this one on the wrap that's
120 Slom I'll put a riser ramp you can
see it passed by the top of a perfect
you pass by and then we'll shoot across
the palm buttery silky juicy piece of
meat no you go go play let's go play no
let's go play boy saw we guys you right
now is play brick by the way Britt and
Cora are sleeping so that's usually when
you're going to see us all outside just
like mommy time nap time baby time nap
time
let's do this let's do a couple jumps
like a fun let's keep it safe let's try
a backflip I never tried one off this
ramp is that it's a lot steeper than
that little one so I feel confident that
I can rotate it's just a landing I go
blurry because I'm not I'm not
acclimated to the spinning you know
yeah perfect
okay first backflip attempt ever on that
rampant was right there I mean I was
almost perfect I think I don't remember
everything
everything's worried from
you
that was smooth
oh man I almost feel like I'm ready for
dirt it's like a few like 100 more tries
I'm going to dirt good ideas I think you
definitely could do it I'm serious the
last jump you did you did it perfect it
felt right like I'm starting to see you
to ground too and that's what that's
what I need to get to is where I see the
ground and you can focus on your landing
oh wow I'm out well you know I get is
that is that a zero on the scoreboard
all you want your dogs well hello
beautiful
I got my two girls oh she's still asleep
no she just she just ate wow she got
that food that food coma
I don't know it was a smile so many
faces so I woke up early from our nap
find it one wake up those lame there and
she just knew so cute and it just heart
thank you thing ever
yeah mom baby girl you never get her
back now oh I'm so happy right now man
this is true happiness right here so she
starts to screaming and I'm I get a
little weird
alright guys warping ahead a little bit
tonight thank you so much for hanging
out with this today that's all it's all
I have
today we're jumping ahead working with
baby Britney's in there we're going to
try to get her to sleep and just finish
up our night I feel like I totally
totally have the back flip now give me
something man that is something I've
always dreamed about doing not only just
ramping a bike into water that's always
been something I wanted to do this whole
thing out here it's all things like a
childhood dream line so we basically
built everything I've wanted to do and
it's it's still in the worse there's so
much coming and I'm so excited even for
tomorrow's vlog I'm so excited for
tomorrow's vlog so thanks for sticking
around guys especially through our you
know the adjustment we're making
adjustments for low baby Cora all good
things all good problems I just know
there's a million youtubers that you
could watch and you do choose to watch
us and just from the bottom of my heart
from our family to yours thank you so
much for that it just means the world
we'll see you tomorrow
it feels so good to be vlogging again
around three days baby three is this
three there's just two am i jumping the
gun here okay love you guys so much
you're beautiful
you were absolutely one-of-a-kind small
mwah
you
