you know what's up guys welcome to the
vlog we are getting out of here I'm
gonna be vlogging kind of stiff as a
board today so not a lot of motion from
me not a lot of activity you know we
just went down that hill so many times I
think it's time to go one time what a
try I don't want to get into this trip
this is the whole trip we got here it's
rain it's all for Britney's birthday and
she got to go down the hill one time it
was ice
so our trips actually over if you didn't
watch yesterday's lawyers in the
hospital all night and I blew my back
out to another level it's hard to
breathe it's still very very
uncomfortable don't do my best right now
slap that smile on head on out we're all
packed up everyone loaded the car for us
everyone's awesome cupcake lady
boom - shut it I skipped on the cupcake
my chin is telling me I can't have it
you know it's beautiful out here
I can't we didn't make it to experience
any of this that's crazy I want to give
a huge thank you to you guys for not
only sticking around when we took our
break but just coming on this trip with
us it's been like the craziest trip we
got here it's real bad for Britt because
all she wanted to do for the last six
all I want to do for my birthday is
Indian skin skin she booked this whole
trip she did all this and we didn't even
get to ski like one time down the hill
and then yesterday was like beautiful
and snowy and I blow my back out so bad
that she just stays by my side all day
ever thank you for that at least I know
where your priorities are what truck you
just hit that car over there the nice
one yeah this dude this dude just hits
this lady's car and leaves you just love
can't even see it oh he's got snow on it
you don't have one amber to the rescue
man
home
sweet Oh baby we made it you know what I
also realized I realize you guys haven't
been here in over a week either because
I started the vlog on the trip so
welcome back home everybody don't meet
and greet with donkey where's that baby
yeah of course not running so I know
it's sunny here
what the heck who is that one up but
easy easy easy
where's Cora she's asleep you kid away
Yeah right
hi fleshie how's my boy she's me hi Cora
she's like nope nope nope Cora
hey she ain't ready to get up alright
nitro what's up bud and everyone looks
sleepy oh look at my girl she said why
are you waking me up why are you waking
me up I'm so we're back home which feels
absolutely amazing got my little girl
got my little boy and we are it's Sunday
which is awesome so that's usually our
day that we lately we did like current
day vlogs we just would just say hello
to you guys so maybe that's kind of
gonna be today my back is shocked but I
will say this it is a lot better than
yesterday and I'm just happy to be here
so hey baby
you'll get big trouble buddy how you get
up on your knees so um so um I know it
will get her there at the power the cell
phone on the phone there you go I'll see
you gonna drag yourself she's gonna drag
herself I'll take this phone instead you
can't make calls on that oh you need
this one she wants my watch now my watch
you want daddy's watch I'll get your own
watch when you tell time
come on you got up on your knees all the
way up what you having it she having it
we just want daddy you want daddy you
want to can't you and say hi to
everybody
see
she said a struggler that's a they Oh
who's that who is a maternity vo um Oh
did a few just turned off did it what it
what it go no more TV
now she wants you guys didn't go get up
odds a long climb you got to get up
there oh oh yeah get up there girl you
got it you so much concentration come on
there you go should get you guys alright
guys so I went to bed last night hoping
that I would feel so much better today
and my back is just so jacked up by then
we're gonna schedule a CT scan see if
there's something else going on
internally that the doctors just aren't
seeing it is incredibly painful I'm not
too bad right now in fact when I sit
like this I'm okay like as I move around
it kind of loosens it up but as I sleep
through the night it like it like
everything goes like this and just like
cramps everything so as I move around
more and more and more it kind of
loosens up but if I move wrong it just
like sucks my breath out it's just like
that's terrible
that being said not much of a vlog for
you today guys it's just such a bad time
to come back to vlogging I was like I
just should have just waited a few days
but who would have known right I hope I
hope that you're feeling awesome like I
really hope that you're feeling awesome
I just know that we're we're all going
through something right it's like I'm
back from a long big deal there's
somebody going through way more than
that and then there's people going
through less than that but just always
know that you're never alone like
whatever you're going through somebody
else is going through we can get through
it you will get through it you are going
to be stronger than you were before and
all the problems that you're going to
face and you will face are gonna make
you a better person you know make you
stronger they're gonna make you become I
always say the better version of you um
I mean this in the bottom of my heart
guys some of some of the worst things in
my life some of the things that I
thought were the end of my world like
this is it like I'm never gonna recover
ended up becoming and it sounds crazy
but those giant problems that
I thought we're gonna just destroy me
they ended up becoming some of my
biggest blessings I mean without those
things that happened it could be
anything it could be you know your
girlfriend broke up with you your your
girlfriend cheated on you your boyfriend
cheated on maybe you lost your job
maybe you failed that giant test you
didn't get into the school you wanted
whatever it is but without that problem
you don't get to where you're supposed
to be and I know that sounds insane but
it's so true my most devastating times
in my life have become giant blessings
and without those giant devastations I
wouldn't be where I am today so take
that to heart listen to me when I say
that whatever you're going through right
now you have to go through and you you
need to go through it and it sounds
crazy but it's true you overcome it you
fix yourself you become better version
at you and that's what's most important
always grow always become a better
person we need better people I love you
guys so much I need a little motivation
myself and I always push you guys and I
like to just talk out loud because it
pumps me up it makes me feel better
that's right I did get through that and
now I am where I am today and I love it
so get through it push through it fight
through it punch through it don't punch
things that's hard bro I learned a
lesson
I love you guys thanks for all the level
in this channel a lot of you've been
here since before I had anything and I
love that you're here with me today
we'll see you guys tomorrow hoping for
the best on my back that I can just
continue to make fun vlogs like soon
like I just want to get out I'm ready to
go mentally my body's like hold tight
hold tight do you guys tomorrow man keep
that beautiful head up keep that smile
on your face I want to start to share
your smile movement where I basically
tell you guys I know it's hard sometimes
a smile but we're gonna hash tag share
your smile I'm gonna push that really
hard it's just something I want to do
and I I think it'll it'll I think it'll
open a lot of people up to just take a
picture you smiling and post it out
there and maybe you will make just one
person's smile
that'd be success I love you guys - see
you tomorrow thank you thank thank you
beautiful one-of-a-kind smile
you
