lubos
hey guys welcome to is it really 75
degrees in here that's like really warm
welcome to the vlog kids around here
playing swim and Donkey Empire what's up
do it do it so yeah we got we got
another massive rainstorm last night it
blew all my if you watch yesterday's
well you spent like three four hours
laying grass seed the storm basically
took all the seed and just blew it all
away
oh I haven't put straw that I put the
straw ends up I did just like over there
all the straw at the seed just like so
much water just flooded it it's like
being at the local zoo the animal sleep
all day because it's hot and they're up
all night partying pools almost clean
looking good almost back to normal so
guys welcome to our home welcome to our
house hope you enjoyed the little intro
today mommy
guess what then she appears extremely
red on camera every time I thought she's
like she's not that red like she is red
but she's not that red today is and this
is seem impossible to me today is core
as we speak Cora is one week old already
a whole week what a fresh new car she is
man it doesn't say week nobody mean yes
for months and days in years weeks in
here okay first of all can you imagine
laying her down there when she's 12
years old that's that's Noah sized
laying on that cane guess how many days
old you are I just I just did this math
okay you are 2,100 in one days old 2101
Wow Cora is seven days she's seven days
mommy is
9650 five days old that's crazy
how are you daddy
daddy is 12 a thousand four hundred and
seventy six days old right now
oh hey Noah your 4660 two days old I
just say I thought you'd want to know I
did that on a calculator I told I did
Cain's age how many days all you yeah oh
and you're going to make up a number
you're somewhere around
you're right bye Noah you're like less
than 5,000 you came over I did the same
thing man I'm over 12,000 that's all you
need to know yeah I know the idea here
was that we get a cause one week photo
you're supposed to you know put the baby
in the circle and then you you mark what
but it starts at a month we gotta wait
till one month one month one day and
then one month it'll be great at a month
but core is a week old today guys and I
can't believe it time is so evil it's
still worsening like this shirt you born
a whole mall days ago I had one that was
like this is born in the water basically
a mermaid but she wasn't born in the
water you tried you John stinky so now
you guys got to tell me how old you are
in the comments right now don't be
afraid I know the numbers Camila crazy
but um it's like it's a circle of life
man look at that
John and she's got beyond today she beat
mommy to it you asking me what kind of
meal you want there's totally Europe now
you need help I know you talk we're both
doing things one-handed you're home the
baby I'm home a camera I need anything
last night was so rough guys I mean like
Thai the roughest night out of it how
the out of the week out of this one we
had didn't you take great you did great
and I was up all night with you is
teamwork teamwork makes the dream work
I'd have done it without you that's for
sure and now you would have but I'm glad
I was there how's the pole you hooligans
Capone a best friend since birth right
there there's two they've been together
since third wow you guys been leaking to
water
you guys probably probably too
embarrassed to show you guys with the
pool like like when we took the balls
out but it was green I felt so bad
you mean what do I mean has anyone seen
someone cut a hot dog like this it's
only to me if I stake the delicacy you
gotta treat the huddle with respect and
I will teach you back yeah oh my gosh
good job honey you got it all cut up
Jane she's ready for you nothing wrong
with hot dog I love hot dog
I just eat them raw out of bag when I
was a kid can you eat them all no it's
not wrong they're pretty good I love all
those me my dad folks don't know ha ha
they're good sometimes are great you're
missing out on life girl it's a little
it'll go to a ball game blah blah blah
blah this is our very first there could
be like this is our first moment
together and out Laura action has been
glued either you or I give one of us and
then she's over there sleeping in her
little rocker
that's not rocking which is crazy
sorted I love this girl so I'm watching
you're a superhero you're literally here
my favor you just brought up you saved
my night last night that's what did it
I saw it got me this title last night
almost nine years together that's what
did it
well that's the latest thing that I
think so just ran outside cuz it is
about once again gonna pound in that is
dark meat right there
that's a mess like some Independence Day
stuff dude now over the movie wait long
enough you'll see our first 28 oh dude
well the blog we're going to capture a
tornado in this vlog one day you're
going to see it you're going to be with
me just kidding you're going to need a
safe place and daddy's gonna be risking
his life for the block that is cool
looking though this beautiful dude it
looks like a painting like that's a
painting so terrain it's starting to
rain I hope we don't lose our tent dude
I don't want to lose the tent it's
beautiful though you got a mitt it's
beautiful right it goes from sunny to
this like that here it is so up and down
hey
you guys have a barn a porch under the
porch and he choose to be in the ground
dull gee you knocked over the bytes
flash you got my cowboy has not even had
anymore destroyed they used to ask that
cowboy hat I bought last week when we
did all the grass seed still touch the
car I just don't touch the car is the
only thing alright a lot of a lot of
thing to go on here right dream like
things that you wake up you might know
in my dream last night is a donkey in my
garage
when I was a kid me and my brother my
dad my mom we would sit on the front
porch at our old house and we would
watch all the thunderstorms so I happen
to love understands like their calming
to me some people are scared of thunder
some people get richer that's a good way
to wake the baby up but I always hear
people say that they're scared of
lightning and thunder which is fine I
just I grew up like we would gobsmacked
meets and unimportant watch the storms
it was like it was cool it was calming
it's completely backwards for most
people but I don't know now when I see
storms I like I love it I go outside I
check them out I don't know she's out so
it's very smart that in baby sleeps mom
you sleep so that's exactly what's about
to happen if I get mad at night
I whatever it takes I know we're going
to be up tonight yeah cool
yes
well guys there you have it a very quick
brief look into our day it is babies go
time it's baby time the rest of the
night is pretty much off catering to
Cora and that is every time she wakes up
I have to be ready Britt has to be ready
and we just just do what we do we do do
it it's like it's like built-in to us as
parents you just you do whatever it
takes to make sure that baby's happy so
that's where we're at
thank you guys so much for hanging out
today probably a short video but at
least there's a video like I'm trying
really hard I want to keep uploading for
you guys and for us as well right now
the hardest time to film and right now
is the most important time to film
because I want to capture everything
that's happening with a newborn as much
as possible so that's what we're doing
guys
thank you so much for being here Oh
Sharon the videos with family and
friends and doing everything that you
guys do you're unbelievable we will see
you tomorrow you are beautiful you are
one of a kind smile more yes it is much
later than you think
you
