welcome to the vlog guys happy fourth of
July is Fri the fifth as your watches
mom all this could be your day could be
your day your first time swimming ever
nope if I wouldn't do $5.00 if I
wouldn't do it for $100 I think how
about 100 cupcakes look you can touch
look at Brett how you feeling baby how
you feeling baby tell me how you feeling
how you feeling tell the baby girl like
a nice agreement don't say that I feel
like weightless oh that's good I don't
feel like I'm carrying a deep hungry
again what's up buddy happy fourth hope
you're having a great day today's a
little bit of a preparation day because
he's written these mom's birthday on the
4th what a crazy day to have a birthday
I'd imagine it's also one of your
birthday so happy birthday to Evers
watching this on your birthday so we're
setting up I'm not wearing a hat right
now to try to get rid of this crazy Jam
line from my hat all summer I blow up
some new rafts look she's got this you
see this wrap normal it's got a hole in
it for her belly but I think it was when
you're like halfway pregnant right now I
don't think that's fit in that hole what
are you gonna do are you gonna do
belly flop we've been absolutely blessed
today with beautiful weather I mean it
is gorgeous it's hot it's sunny I've
been doing a lot of stuff today
off-camera I just thought right now
would be the time to jump in with these
little guys
get some water time before everyone gets
here how's the water feel
ha ha ha ha mommy was knocked you all
can't get rid of that floaties boy you
can swim you being lazy come on baby
it's today today this is the last day
that Bert wants to have this baby on the
4th because it's her mom's birthday and
they would share a birthday and and her
defense I don't want to force the July
girl did I feel like I would be like I
just I just imagined the teenage years
4th of July's like it's my birthday
let's party you don't mean it's like
such it's a bad influence day but it's
my mom's birthday but we're just having
it's like a fourth of July cookout
yeah like a birthday it's a birthday
just to me fireworks I bought to be
unclips in the back if you want it off
hot prove it let's see it
don't need that stinking floaties
by swim keep them feet kicking feet up
feet up there you go you got it that's
my boy more you take up floating off the
better you'll get
it's like a bobber doing this your head
like so mom oh you just put you lay down
and put your belly in there and I'll
just take you across the pool like a
fairy Daddy
very funny ha ha ha like baby's first
swim since we were on vacation right
yeah that's cream is it just me or has
it been a lifetime
strike you have been pregnant forever
imagine how even if you join this
channel months and months and months ago
all they know is you pray it is like it
has been such in the fact of the baby
saw here is even crazier guys it's like
if I get pregnant right after this are
we having another baby focus on just
this one before we talk about that yeah
look at this goof ball look at this goof
ball right here there's only what are
the ladies going to work in here it's
vegetable City how does all this
vegetables for what is that brain spray
monkey brain don't you brought always
kettle corn from yesterday let's go boys
let's let's go boys get me inside play
video games all day I mean technically
you can but you gotta get your butt down
here boy huh you were what huh Bubba
Bears here bringing a watermelon all
right guys there's everybody showing up
we got about eight feet eight foot of
water in the current pond the current
the current playground which is not even
close to full but there is about a foot
I said why don't you ramp the bike into
it see you good I'll do it if you do it
how's that all noodles and zip ties will
do it head up keep for floating maybe oh
and you don't have wings each of these
is my floatation device people build
islands like this people build islands
like this we don't have we don't have
anything else close the cap don't fly
off
that's a floater had their ism as an
American fourth of July floater right
Coffee cold water did we need floatation
devices right I'm going to put all the
hot air in it all that right there throw
that in the water tell me it won't float
did you guys want to ramp your bike into
a lake use water bottles bike from
hitting the bottom what do you think one
down here oh yeah just line everything
up with drinking water ball get enough
form on there man I'm telling you we're
revolutionizing water sports right now
I'll make it blow I'll make it but I'll
make it float on you you don't want to
throw up - just drink so much okay the
chug off ready set go
the wrong pipe oh I win haha I'm gonna
die yeah we should put this ramp down in
there this is the best 2017 water
flotation device we got so let's test it
out alright guys so this is pretty crazy
we are at now here this is eight feet
deep you can't touch the bottom right
here so he's just gonna ride in and see
if this bike you ready we're ready for
you ready for the test see you dad
look at that float look at that bike
float how was it oh yeah do we got to
put a ramp here like I'll have like so
much wiring on my nose doing this place
is done it's gonna be ridiculous
ridiculous do the things we can do here
oh so speed does it's a speed
yo cam I'm going to show you what would
happen if you went off the dock all
right let's get fresh let's get funky
fresh high five
you're the first one in our we don't
have a name for it but you're the first
one in it how's it going up here man
let's all chase Matic I'm killing it
over here that's a lot of food I already
filled the girl once and that's the
well-done part of what I do
marrying levels of doneness oh you got a
big crowd to please I'm by the way happy
birthday every year on my birthday she
called this thing just I think what we
should say in the family I think it's
like ever happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you
what do you say you smell like a monkey
cookie look at country look at the
kettle man the cat the kettle man can be
secret there's a good chance we Dom
enough food here you can feed it an army
I'm sorry country I don't know what do
you mean wow I'm saying like you guys
think you can handle a lot day in
country you can eat a whole steak that's
about it she DP gentlemen my name is
Roman I'll be your waiter tonight
anything I can start you off with hitch
refill you need anything else on there's
more cheese which kind of confuse with
us sure it's just a cheese anything for
you
fruit pizza that's fruit pizza we're
going for real pam pam pam pam pam pam
up that's funny boy
Star Wars shipping yeah
the death games are Dale's out there
tearing up the piece turned to death
storm you buried the kids dude they're
like cool dad another buried and dust
you know I think he's eyeballing me he
was just staring at me
oh you saw me he saw me he's so big
behind it's birthday time when you have
a birthday and it's time
gather the fireworks think tank you're
my boots stuck on your feet you put blue
I guarantee they're just bigger than
mine he's wearing my boots and that was
stuck you're gonna need one of those
what are those things told you a shoe
horn
shit all right happy birthday happy
birthday here we go
happy birthday to you happy birthday
around it there's gonna be a good show
tonight guys
this is gonna be good so I like
fireworks way too much I mean even
during times where you don't go see
fireworks we like fireworks we really
enjoy them great for all occasions we
don't want a camera lock down the donkey
when these things are going on donkey
does not care about any of this stuff
country so when we bought these
yesterday you it was hard for me to
explain to my viewers just how shocked
you were like you never done backyard
fireworks in my life never never even
knew it first like this been hanging out
in Ohio too long now a letter shell
shamah I'm a city boy and when you go
you go and you watch like the fireworks
come from like a parade or like Diddy
the whole city I don't know but like you
don't really understand what goes behind
the scenes of a backyard
I guess fireworks you appreciate him I
feel appreciated looking for right next
to the person lightning and it's
literally straight up so this is his
first backyard for I'm gonna make sure
it's the best one you're ever going to
be at until next year and then we'll
beat that by any means is not that big
but it's going to be fun for the family
and her birthday and the baby's going to
hear it so I kind of like the pace pace
my usually back in the day Dale and I
would get a torch and we would just hit
as many as we can this time around we're
going to start small we're going to line
up kind of like these little guys shoot
up blow and then we're going to work our
way into the big grand finale boxes off
the ramp off this is 30 minute warning
that's a small Moroccan upside-down
smile all right we start with these
little guys working up two mediums then
we're going to these jumbo three-inch
plugs and then we're going to grand
finales and all whatever these guys are
kids yo okay come here
I got you got some stuff too there are
swords that are firecrackers or
something I don't know how it works hang
on the fuse is on the top
maybe I should test it out so this one
shoots out a three and a half inch army
man into a parachute you guys want to go
try to catch him jump ball paratrooper
coming up you guys ready okay
he's going up in the air there he is
there he is gonna decrease no he's gonna
make it he's gonna make it he's gonna
make it
that's awesome I got you you want some
of this chase you want some of this get
away from the fireworks look at that
sunset we got a beautiful night tonight
guys very very fortunate for this
amazing okay ready
okay keep them away from each other all
right
be responsible that is pretty cool Cain
it looks crazy I'd like to see like two
hundred always a bigger number for me I
want to see a thousand of them they're
ready sure you don't - dude this is
gonna be the best place to view
fireworks tonight and if a rocket comes
just go under
my dad's having a blast I hope you guys
are ready Brittany's gonna sing us the
national anthem and we're gonna be
I can't believe she missed this year's
fireworks I'll have something up my
sleeve for when she's ready
I'll give her her own show they have the
all pink firework I know that would be
cool country are you nervous
you look kind of like I don't know
whether I should be closer oh you want
to go in the house and watch from the
window man guys I can't thank you enough
for being part of our family and hanging
out look at this everyone's having such
a good night a bug he's participating
gonna get this drone out and put it in
the heart of the flowers for you guys
tonight I'm literally gonna just put it
little of this up so we get all right
we're almost at time we're gonna light a
couple mortars get this show going get
the crowd hyped so what do you think of
a smaller mortar and a bigger tube I
think you just I think you just do
exactly what the instructions say the
instructions there are no instruction
our little world there we go where is
the oh that's it
one two I think that's what the
instructions did although the
instruction kit dad said it'll work it
never said don't put it in a larger to
the country don't don't take that that
don't count that don't count if I should
I go into a house by the window my dad
my brother and dad they just had an
argument whether that would work and my
dad was like it'll work
oh my god step it up boys step it up
do you like it bad I can't even see you
you liked it wow what a cool view for
the kids what you guys think they I
don't even hear me what you think that
was amazing
I'm telling to be right underneath that
and just see what not just it's also
it's all that's left
just all that's left is this little
flower pretty awesome
now shoots like really cool colorful
balls here in a minute just can't wait
to show you guys what my yard looks like
right now hahaha
in next level man this little blue dot
you can't see them on camera this is
what's left of the oh my gosh that's bad
as things are still on fire sometimes
after everything is done they just
ignite wow that is some hot it is that I
don't think you're going to keep that
out really whenever they're gonna
partner hahahaha barn whole yeah just
happened that's why we have safety
Kristin tasting here
alright guys warping ahead a little bit
hope everybody had a wonderful day Britt
any time waiting on use take your time
no I don't say good day but not what
would what would what would it in look
like everything oh I gotta step up my
dad game I guess cane you have a great
day now you get open up plus you had a
great night - oh man what a great game
I'm kind of working ahead saying goodbye
to everybody and spent a little time off
camera but thank you guys so much for
being here hope you had an awesome
fourth I have a feeling like we're free
to go down to it like the fourth is over
the next thing on our giant list is
Little Miss signing Little Miss chicken
Wang we love you guys we will see you
tomorrow thanks for sticking around
hanging out through all of this what
you're next on the list
you said June 6 huh she said June 16th
here's my her birthday's on the six
Carson's birthday like there's like a
ton of family letters members that are
born on the 6th that would be right
around the corner so yes by the way when
you said July 6 I thought up in my head
I was like that's never going to happen
and here we are I have a good shot in
Italy oh yeah well should be it and then
when I heard about the contractions I
was like anything I'm going to be wrong
it's just keeps oh my goodness w guys
thanks so much for being here we will
see you tomorrow you're beautiful you
are one of a kind smile off
