hello hello hello
oh she is Wow is she yeah guys welcome
to the vlog first of all thank you for
your patience giving us some time to
adjust our schedules crazy birth up all
night and she sleeps most of the day and
then I sleep at night she's up I'm
upgraded I said when really backwards
but she is she's doing great mommy's
doing great I'm feeling like that I just
got a shower it's all finally is finally
just baby time I love it it feels good
to be back it feels great to be talking
to you guys on my my tone is different
because I had to be quiet this is what
I've been looking at for over on day for
tonight is day four she's four days old
already wow she looks like she partied
all night and she's just not ours this
is like ready mmm anyway guys we are
coming back as a now to YouTube maybe
it's too soon maybe not I feel good I
think we're slowly adjusting that we've
really just been enjoying this moment
this time I know it's probably it's hard
for me to explain it but it is a moment
it is something that you just take in
you enjoy it it's a different time of
your life where you get to just connect
with your baby I have a very fun day
lined up for you guys and us today with
our buddy no matter no matter what up
nerds are you guys under water yes uber
divers Danton
dun dun dun dun you know the real job is
who him is not bad guys the real job
yeah it was scary dude
yeah hmm I love you little man oh my
gosh you're getting right back we're
going to get things ready today I have
to say the plastic play ball destroyed
our pool I mean it looks ten times
better now but Jake what's up buddy
statistics what's going on man what's
going on I didn't put windscreens on
this camera it's kind of windy it's
going to be well all no but I'm pretty
here nao-san pump says look the last for
a whole scene right you shouldn't have
to change its media but we're ants the
wall puts so much out in football game
for the filter
I think it's clogged so we're going to
swap out saying long story short often
on for the last two days we've been
trying to clean this poor I mean it was
bad we removed all the balls and it was
just green that I feel like there's so
much that I have to update you guys on
there's been so much going on they're
still working we actually today they're
running all the power for the the big
project
look how ridiculous just a trencher look
at that does that not look like
something you just want to play with and
it just cuts these perfect grooves
through the earth so yeah they're
running all the electric for all our
pumps for the lake and it's running
through all these pipes and it's just
crazy and then we have this professional
zipline company coming out this week to
run and basically build this zipline
system that's going to be all safe and
appropriate is a proper zipline it's not
like which is totally out of my league
that's just going to tie a rope and
winch it down and roll a frost it but we
want it to be real right here where this
tip stands is the start to our 10-foot
drop in tower for our BMX dock so
basically what you hung me will be a
drop-in Tower that you'll drop in you'll
come down come across this document will
be big BMX ramps right here skateboard
ramps rollerblade scooters couches with
wheels on them anything we can pretty
much put them in so this place isn't
completely ready to go yet we are going
to use it today we're going to test this
thing out frogs jumped in there we are
going to break this place in today's you
got to happen like it just looks too fun
I got to I got I got I got it okay
everybody's about to get here you're
gonna take a nap okay we're gonna try to
be quiet for you we got to take these
down the night to just cover our walls
and fall I'm down okay I'll see you soon
I love you get some sleep
you got a gigantic trailer what is this
what that is only this truck you had
just coming home Eddie I don't know
heavy Miriam I'm glad to be here man
this is it what a rig oh my god house
travel good man and he's off yeah I got
some fun hopefully forth I heard me so
Adams here guys with his life in this
trailer is so much and you said you
never driven one of these till you
bought it no dude we got a two days
later left own like I would definitely
not do good with this oh my gosh that's
amazing
busking to check it out just like the
lightning mcqueen trailer dude oh my
gosh you have this still on there yeah
yeah yeah we thought we were gonna take
it off after our first anniversary
how about not a whole lot of use for
this guy around here
yeah well think about setting the water
pistol we can test it yeah we can test
it stay away from the water Adam you
trust them you trust them on that how
many bees okay so the first thing we're
gonna do is build a little I guess this
would be a redneck runway I don't know
am i calling a redneck round red rag
redneck runway this is nice this is
actually a nice runway that's ready it's
really hot okay
we built the runway it's phenomenal I
mean that's runway ever been at my house
for sure yeah I just can walk pedal to
grass oh my god so help me explain what
exactly we're going to do we're going to
do a challenge all right this is a
challenge I call it horse like playing
basketball you shoot then you would have
to match my shot where you get a letter
in vmx we just called a game of bike so
I do a trick Roman has to match the
trick if he doesn't get it he gets a
beat and then vice versa then we switch
he set the trick for me if I don't get
it I don't get it Wow
rah I references every video can you
keep with that Club interview 360 off
the roof oh yeah is that is that one of
the first things you saw no I think this
is like the the thing was like oh wow
he's like really knows how to ride herd
I face-planted
Hey look at my donkey Empire
he's so goofy lovely for us I've already
rigged up a bike dude look at that
got the water bottles it's floats it's
like it's creative yeah what works it
does is like there's like a boat really
nice bike
so water bottles were a cool idea and
really cases gives a flow but I got him
something a little bit better that will
make a bike look nice and hopefully make
it float better so we can just saw
slices open and they're just kind of put
them over the frame and tape them and it
should hopefully make it float
let's use these oh look there's water
come out Hannibal hey wait to that
that's all saying water will fill up
that will look better and just be cool
all I wonder if it'll actually float it
was going to fall better than my bottle
like I'm telling you see that look
that's rigging all right so we into a
little while a rig job here for some
nets dude this will look so cool this
feeling yeah I hate to see you go a
little bottles they've been good job
they have
oh you know this is thinking what I have
like all this crazy colored duct tape oh
yeah maybe we go with that
do not worry but what is with you an
orange as a feeling - hello well I've
got caution tape duct tape oh dude look
at the yellow yeah alright so I'm gonna
I'm going to trim like a little bit
excess around here so it doesn't
interfere with the braid go that way
nice alright can help our me oh yeah
yeah that's the one thing good
now I'm going to take my teeth out I
have to worry about my teeth on the
front handlebar at least to the two bar
here are one solid 201 solid
what do you mean ladies got it round
yellow yellow or one yellow this is art
did we're going to do it I would make
sure you go all the way around where
they asked to itself jamming it up
that's what gave me the idea yeah just
like that whole noodle to like that as a
level one floater right there
okay so we're out here Adam brought pool
noodles so we're building like this I
don't know
crazy pawn bike did it looked great
looks great talk about your haircut it
looks great
again I kinda know hi oh did you yeah I
would do a little like see like little
barber shop it was like all older
gentleman the hook on out of place he
did a great job you can do whatever you
want this bike you can put them there
you can put them there but what's gonna
make this bike slow is this right there
boom good great job like I was skeptical
at first I was like Adam can't build a
better Pawnee but just know this looks
nice she's a little rougher on that
design everything awful they're carrying
a little bit too much about this yeah
now it's a two night before smelter
sorry but your country would want to be
a part of this today country yo dude you
look good but you want to come watch
this we're going off a water challenge
you could do it too Lu come out here
it's hot man I got you to AC at least
he's some AC in this office don't send
in your email about the bus it doesn't
mean email you're going to miss out here
I know that's the whole point that's
what it is
I want to help help me help you listen
about this matter you see me it's colder
and cooler and the donkey bar
okay so we're doing a water challenge
all right so you're some but you want to
get them what is the challenge we're
doing it's up like like bite like we're
ramping bite so you're talking have you
ever had the bike into the water
no but the question is one of them start
working on my bike what bike the red
bike you know
to everybody the fast is bad sight but
the fact the vital move November would
like to get yo we might be able to get
it ready little bit two more things we
need two more things on there so lap
well I think it looks good on there
thanks dude my tummy tuck is it's a die
cut what does that mean like it's the
one where you like oh yeah those are
cool
so I'm have to up my game is what you're
saying yeah it's a little old oohs oral
dude I like this thanks we got a
dinosaur have you met the dinosaur I'm
not amber
Romans on welcome to them imagine your
only complaint from neighbors are just a
donkey they imagine other pieces of you
do they don't care just add I know she's
ready
what are you doing out there you're
gonna yes alright Adam let's get let's
get down to business offer you're gonna
pick the trick first okay start small
fun baby biker can we can we do tricks
in on actual tricks absolutely I think
the funny I think that's mostly what I'm
going to be doing there's like things
you've never seen it I feel like
accidents the first one should
absolutely be just jumping off and just
like like Oh a bail yeah like a bail
like my best bail exactly okay yeah man
it's up to you so we are we are going to
start with the small ramp and then
probably work our way up to this guy's
definitely steeper and I don't know we
probably a flip off that oh yeah easy
for you okay hope you I don't got the AC
and either I understand I bought Jolly
Ranchers come on you're not know you
can't have candy you can't can instead
what are you giving him okay so it's
it's one two three shoe okay I'm gonna
pick rock alright ready 1 2 3 shoot
all right you go first why'd you tell me
that normally I thought you were gonna
Bluff and I was going to go wrong
exactly so I wait ahead of it right
ahead of you alright I go first I'm
gonna take the trick you got you want to
really do a bail first no this is your
check you pick the check pick the tray
alright alright I run the I won the rock
paper scissors challenge so I go first I
really don't know what I'm gonna do it
I'm just gonna just wing it
back back back
I could not get my hand back on the ball
I loved it bye
I need safe to say that uh I didn't land
my trick 360 one-handed Jim Landis
landing of water yeah but I could have
landed on my wheels ball that was it
that was it
are you gonna try it yeah you just did
stood on the landing well that was good
for me
oh let's see it Adams up you got to
match whatever I did I have no idea what
I did we get a lot more speed than I did
you've gone for it and yeah oh yeah
he's going for that 540 I undressed oh
yes you did oh no it's awesome dude that
was me you did like almost like a
complete 540 if not more you did water
so weird how its warm and cold I know
it's like throwing me off I I'm just
gonna say maybe that's a warm-up right
maybe on it all I want to do the thing
where you got a jump and then like eject
over the bike okay like you can try to
dive if you love it you got a run from
the bike Indiana jones-style yeah dude
it'll be small to your trick you do
whatever you want so who got to be on
that I honestly I feel like I didn't do
the right to shut up what yes you did it
better
I thought we both kind of messed up yeah
it was a warm-up yeah let's just we took
one hand off how about we both have a B
all right here you go star little runway
yeah
oh that was amazing
I have to try that flip I don't even
know I don't even understand what you
just did
yeah mine I was pretty clean that was
like a lot belt Ryan sorry man
stiff competition out here what you god
this is actually show oh it's my trick
okay I'm going to go for I like how you
just came up with something I've never
done
what about it's like a solid nothing
that was my can go you and I'm gonna
land on your wheels like you would on
the ground so you're gonna like do
nothing and then get back on the bike
yes let's catch it because have you
missed dude I'll try okay oh yeah here
we go my feet like barely off and then
back hey-oh when I said I was gonna
doing nothing I was gonna do nothing oh
yeah so that is the trick there's the
trick right there I didn't know I fail I
failed on that one
it's your trick watch right give me a
second thing you're really you're gonna
really toss the backflip on there I feel
like you can do it man I just seen you
prompt them over the virus so okay but
that was yes I will try anything I'll
backflip no way this I feel more
comfortable trying that's like my head's
gonna be in the mm-hmm if you add this
back to lift what's he got
let's see uh
oh my god well beautiful that was
beautiful
Pacquiao you see the game starts out all
innocent and then you just a clip of
that this is where I lose it felt close
eighty whoa you saw me maybe I give it
my all
I saw you out the form on feels like now
make a nervous are you feeling Oh cuz
baby bad nanos got her nice okay I've
lost track but let's just say I'm losing
I'm gonna set the trick and this is just
a big air all right biggest height so
fast as you can
oh goodness
okay that was fun I definitely I feel
like I feel like we lost track of every
sou out there gentlemen
yeah what so you going off that time you
love it it's so fun so Dale brought me
all this rope hundreds of feet of rope
thinking like hot dog would you say
where PCC we got the hot dog we got a
four-wheeler so what if we put the hot
load on one end and in the four-wheeler
on one end and then we tried the
four-wheeler it only sounds right hmm
looks foolproof what could go wrong with
that
how did you put her with it he just
tossed it in
you ready flash you remember last time
we rode a hot dog you remember what
happened last time yeah you and me ate
it we think gonna work this there's a
tedious process getting the rope to the
other side you got this chase my
prediction the whole ramps gone in the
water there's so much front weight on
that raft it's going to push anything in
front of it forward never really know
what's going to happen here but my
predictions I'm going to stick with them
the ramps going in the water it's going
to go to the bottom of the sea and we're
never gonna see it again
all right test number one Adam verse me
like I sure don't know what's going to
happen I'm going to do is a kind of a
medium all he's going to come in a pump
officer honestly the ropes going to be
pulling it forward if you're on the if
you're on the back half there's no way
you're going to know God just no way
nose nose way he's going to know this
all right here we go how to sit on
what is there an office all the rampant
going
right alright that one was great pretty
simple smooth sound so Adam wants to add
a little bit of rope and go off the ramp
down here this is why I love Adam dudes
I feel like he's got worse maybe the
Navy my worst ideas than I do and mine
are pretty bad worse that worse that's
the best way to get back to shore right
there little toe me in round three here
we go
oh man you did it
did I make it yes you would like when
you take out the Ramage's words before
he's got a hold on everything everything
I thought of everything that I've been
doing is finally starting to come around
look at this exactly what I wanted to
score just play fun family
all right so that went like you said
earlier surprisingly too good yeah I
know that's I don't like there was no I
mean there was fails like me my next tip
I'm not little it I thought we should
ramp out because I thought that maybe
I'd missed the rain for it in badly but
this was this
you killed it on the hot dog by the way
good job on hot dog please don't touch
me not you jumped off the tower you guys
are crazy
it was my bad videos minecraft videos
afraid of the girls have been in here
making all this food I'm ready bro well
you know this was so good Mike you think
this whole place into my know you're
someone yeah you got
yup that's sunburn any feeling little
man you're phoning up on no oh baby
girls knocked out oh she does look like
you when you were baby boy so you guys
saw earlier in today's vlog Adam brought
his car and we want to do something with
this car so maybe we actually he said if
you move all your cars in your driveway
I can do donuts in your driveway so
we're gonna see if you can do Donna a my
driveway
oh boy oh this has got you know how you
were saying that like everything went to
good today
beautiful good this trailer is nuts
I got everything we've done today why
not do a little drifting in my driveway
you know listen it's an honor I just
want to say I don't know how long it's
going to take you to get some black
marks off my driveway but you have all
night so then all night almonds and make
black one here good do your thing
sometimes all the kids are in so you're
good yes I am
let me check on the animals
dude no one oh you made the little girl
cry you made the little girl cross it's
not bad minimal that's minimal every kid
ran except Noah now they're coming back
out they're coming back out he's gonna
go around chase my big cam and hopefully
we use some coffee take you want a
helmet you've good you don't want to
help
Oh
oh dude you mess my grass up bro
you messed my grafic I was promised
about people with it enough to put it
off
so uh Cain Noah Carson give you guys
four bucks clean all them tire marks off
mark
hi it's not bad actually I thought it'd
be a lot worse not too bad
this sides black I'm an absolute
fantastic day like I had a blast thank
you guys for being here
thank you for having that man I made you
trail everything's beautiful grass on
everything and thank you to Brittany for
having us after such short notice that
she's doing good she's doing thanks for
the bike we're gonna have fun with that
all right see you guys on the other side
sound um days travel see you soon okay
wait a minute
I wanted to do this so bad last night by
the time we finished Britney and baby
work outs we continue this in the
current day because we finally have our
baby girl's name and it's kind of a
funny stand of a crazy story about how
we got it and why we now are picking it
so what do we want we're gonna start
with we're on limited time right now
she's ready to either eat sleep she's
really me okay so we picked this name we
had it for like ten months we were both
agreed that that's like a contender yeah
didn't like say this is her name but we
were like you both like the name right
that's where it started and then it
started to grow on us and grow on us and
we had all these other names and they
kind of fell through she said you better
be me give me the food so after this
name started growing on us for so
much.we we had her and then like time
was ticking like we only have so many
days where you have to name your baby
so we both settled on one name and then
after we settled Britney googled the
name and this is the part they got crazy
do I read it yeah oh when I lifted up
like where originated from it was the
daughter of Zeus which is crazy because
we did not we did not know that when we
picked the name oh and it's your great
grandmother's name which we just found
out today as we're vlogging this okay so
you want me to tell them the name yeah
her name her name okay guys
her official name is Cora Co are a co RA
and for the last couple days I've been
asking if she wants to be named Cora and
she gives me these little smiles
so it's Cora she's like I don't care
what you call me at this point
yep that's the hungry face right there
so guys we have all just fallen in love
with Cora the name kind of I mean is the
name we liked way back when and it just
slowly grown on us and all the other
names we like to kind of just fade it
way so we really feel it fit in the fact
as she googled it like day before
yesterday after we picked and it said
was the daughter of Zeus that blew our
minds and we're like its Korra we're
going with Korra thank you guys so much
for hanging out today I think this is a
pretty fun blog and we love you guys so
much thank you for everything you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more and also thanks for thirteen
million subscribers I haven't
you
