looking to the blog guys welcome we are
out and about it's beautiful it's sunny
we've got little Kanner's hurricane
volcano campaign we got Noah aka Noah oh
he got pregnant mommy super pregnant mom
tell him what happened today tell him
because we were actually I delayed the
vlog because mom I'm just reading the
text that you sent me I was in the
bathroom and she's texting me like this
I think this might be it
this might be it my gosh she's like
you're in tears you're in pain tears
because her contractions were so bad and
I'm like go so what did I do have a
shutdown and I feel so bad the first
thing that well first of all I made sure
you're alright but then I'm like well I
gotta go make sure everything's charged
batteries cameras like of it like she's
like you're fine you're fine you're fine
well is that you're still contractions
are still happening
not as bad yeah and honestly there's
still no baby
so I pen July 2nd I thought today would
be a beautiful day my July 2nd little
girl just goes together you know that
that's a beautiful day to have a big
thing is that night no I don't say
anything because it's a full moon he has
the only reason you said that July night
is like a million years away oh I know I
know oh yeah I know
so in order to just move things along we
got to get out like hike around move
around we're going to scene we're going
to go hurt actually we're going to go to
chase Veronica's first then we're going
to go see some fireworks tonight locally
and just enjoy the beautiful weather get
out of the family and that's it
anybody else got anything huh hey there
you have it let's go Yanni McGee on stir
out the car hey echo what's up crazy
think this is the fastest-moving
daughters it gives me anxiety watching
the dog gives me anxiety it moves so
fast and sporadic it does it's crazy
alright man you got to hit me dude
because a lot like chase I have two boys
he has two boys and lately now he's got
a little girl
soon hopefully one that hang on blurr
bag of the year oh did we tell me it's
going to happen like what here's the
thing you have to you have a special
case you got all the soldiers watching
you right now filled with pressure right
make sure of it she doesn't ever make up
to talk about they like me you know what
I'm just ready yo what's up
do you miss me makes me some fireworks
in that bar you ready to see some but
you just like cane playing video games
all day probably do this dog was you
know we need to get echo fidget spinner
because she is faradic look at this
watch this you guys will see the bastard
dog in the world
watch watch Oh shush honey oh my gosh
hey I know don't kow I don't go joking
oh that's it jeez man what a good time
to stop by I feel and you knew this was
going to take the fam and the kids to
some fireworks tonight you know I've
never been to his fireworks Heath is a
town not far from us and I've never been
it should be a nice little hometown
barbershop okay fight over I mean we
can't go wrong okay you guys you can see
this giant fence I mean you definitely
see the fence but there's a interesting
story about this fence this is
Brittany's mom's fence and back when I
had to go to LA for months at a time we
would have to find a place per Zeus Zeus
is if you just new to the channel Zeus
is my German Shepherd that I used to
have um in passed away basically she
agreed that if I put in a fence at her
house she would keep Zeus while I'm in
LA and that's exactly what you're
looking at that is the fence
Zeus used to be in of course he stayed
inside too but when he was outside
that's the fence and it's still here for
now for her dogs but I see uff I don't
know I just saw the fence I started
thinking I think is loose every single
day still it is it's actually crazy to
me how much I still miss my dog and I
found a fence and I just thought of this
and of course she makes me think is this
and Kai makes me think of Zeus where are
you going this one run away from me
you know remind me Zeus take it back I
do miss having a German Shepherd though
yes since we're doing stories this is
the actual pool if you guys remember the
video where I filled an entire pool pool
if you guys watched for a while I filled
an entire pool with toilet paper tubes
and we were jumping in it and swimming
in is crazy but this is the actual pool
chase took it and turned it into his
kids pool it's pretty awesome I think
that's going to conclude conclude story
time for today guys more story time
alright no more story time yeah are you
doing enough oh good I mean it's late so
I gotta go then tent dance that day time
for dinner
yeah can I ask you what but taste is
what is that game put some butt paste on
boy I were two days away from your
birthday three days away what are we
gonna do I say a guy's day to cook and
clean and women just does it enjoy to
cook up we do that every time
bellies are full literally and we're
ready to go see some fireworks I was a
good dad joke right me nose
I was like that was up here with some of
my better ones ever there's a twizzler
varnish oh nothing snacks we're ready
alright look at this crazy not we're
crazy guy here just kidding I know that
guy joy Turner yet you're going
I don't know you you want these scooters
you right up here here you don't want
the pink one it matches your shirt exact
oh okay how can you wear a shirt this
thing but you don't wanna make you tur
um hello green I'm a blue blues good
let's go all right you guys got a guess
what kind of shadow animal and why how
it's being made go ahead whoa it's a box
it's ready to rock and roll
we go big we just our first time here
and did this firework show but we were
just in Kentucky watching the night of
thunder maybe wasn't change
apparently all the fireworks is going to
come up over this building or somewhere
around here
it started look like weeping willow
trees a little further back then I
thought we would be perfect
powerful back kaboom kaboom kaboom whoa
no you got your binoculars I need you
but not so pretty far away but they're
still beautiful that was a car and we
keep it moving forward the fireworks get
closer and closer it sneaks across there
get the zone nothing but a bowl that's
pretty really music good time please
believe me I like to play video games
all night I love doing
Here I am all I've been hiding this in
like terrible back pain all day and
walking back to the car it was so bad I
mean Brittany's driving that's how bad
it was I can barely get in the car
I don't know what to do like I'm in bad
shape check that water dude that's just
we didn't open the garage because
there's a frog and I'm so we gotta get
that frog off air
I think oh he's a cool one he's on them
tree frogs whoa I see you stop biamp
Oh where's flash I hear him where yeah
flash what are you doing
make us come to you he's heavy
what's that boy he's down at the creek
and he stuck what you started our jingle
--is-- pick it up what could eat you aah
he's like one a beetle horn horn beetle
don't even look like me
like that let's see my hair like this
for a long time
afraid that one but once I laid out you
know why am I the one in pain right and
you're supposed to be pushing baby I
wish I suck
it's the really it's joy second starting
frustration is frustration Oh getting
frustrated so how do I explain like
what's going on so my back is like it
starts in my upper back kind of middle
upper and it comes all the way around my
ribs into my chest and it's like hurts
to breathe and like I've had this my
whole life
off in on one but this one super intense
we were walking backs of fireworks and I
took a breath and I do pretty well of
pain like I do well with pain like I did
as a man I can no I can take pain pretty
well like you know I can break things
and I'm fine but the pain level was like
blackening like I was going black like
my vision was something happened
something happened and I need I need
love like I need extra attention right
now okay
so I'm afraid it won't I'm never getting
out of bed now
what's that okay we'll stay knit
together we love you guys so much thanks
for hanging out as a quick family vlog
today hopefully what is our what is our
life's going to be like with a new human
it's just it's been asked forever it's
been us forever and she is coming he's
going to have sustained that we love you
guys so much we will see it tomorrow
thank you for all the support during I
don't think today's a weird vlog it's
just what it is I'm just excited for the
baby obviously there's Ari on another
day actually Kang on earlier in the
Russian see you tomorrow guys you're
beautiful you want to kind thanks for
all the love and support smile more
you
