my king hope you find your Dan unit
Cupido we're not ready to diagnose it
it's a madhouse welcome to the house
guys flash what are you doing
Oh me huggy be right back okay gonna
party tonight with me yeah ah the love
is in the air Taizo what did you just
tell me he's on my chance
you shook up responded when the truth
thank you and flashing to hang out you
don't know if it's dirt or poo
Oh usually pretty easy way to tell
license got poop on a shirt earth dirt
we don't know are you climbing up in my
cupboards that's safe on her sir that's
cool it's certified but whoa very
severely she'll just fall ah welcome to
the blog guys we are kind of going our
separate ways as of right now I'm going
to run into town or pick up some things
we need Brittany's going to go help her
sister with a couple days we're going to
reunite here with the family friends and
dinner yes
- I love you go into labor I love you
I'll try oh yes no so we got low low low
low don't bring her back till she goes
into labor alright alright guys hope I
can't say it enough I hope you're having
a great day and I hope you're able to
kind of relax right now sit back enjoy a
little vlog time and just you know just
take your mind off whatever it is you're
struggling with right now we all go
through it we all have so many problems
and I say this all the time I'm always
repeating myself but it's so true
use these vlogs to kind of just sit back
and relax and I hope you get something
out of it usually I try to inspire you a
little bit try to lift you up pick you
up think positive and you know this fits
my goal here so I hope you feel great
today take a nice deep breath push a
promise are for the next 10-15 minutes
and enjoy this one what's he doing
what's he doing yep you go boy yeah I
love that donkey I love that always
stuck come on you can do it all away
look at the highway they're letting
people down there do we should go we got
to oh you can't the ramps closed
there's no look at all highways all
water looks like a like a like a Blake
they not letting people off okay where
do I start we are going out of Chase and
we're going out to pick up something I
never thought I'd ever buy in my life
which is dress I'm picking up drastic
I've destroyed my property enough that I
need some rest
they could call up like the old man
coveralls and straw hat Oh should I go
the full I should get the full kid going
against a grassy because I've destroyed
my yard we've put in we've done so much
construction there's just some areas
that I want grass we're going into town
to pick that speaking of food what we
did anything top poly my iPhone have you
ever planted grass eat em you're playing
grass yeah you have yeah then I never
did the whole straw didn't even teach me
I don't know yet so my mom and dad
coming home dressed in leather like my
neighbor has straw so they're picking up
like a thumb stroll all night yeah so we
need one of them to get a bag they hand
talk what about that the fancy things
you push and it sprinkles traffic on
them
yeah should we hit the freeway we should
hit the highway dude oh my god would
what would people say if you were like
cruising down the highway and I can't
cuz that would be the funniest picture
and I never with all the traffic so I
hope you guys don't mind you're going to
be learning with me today because I've
never done this before they got these
cool like sea ether seat in there but I
kind of like this little guy you need
that jumbo we got a lot of land to cover
this maybe I should get a big one I
ain't getting a space for it though we
would get it done today okay
alright I like your style maybe this one
maybe this one like this one better okay
first things first this is complicated
they got pasture fertilizer we got
all-purpose fertilizer we've got starter
fertilizer you got lawn food top
grilling you got lawn weed and feed what
I managed to do it looks enough C's
right Jenny is let me just get this out
one thing enough so you got grass that
require like this is for full Sun which
I have some of that but I also have
minimal care but I also have parts of my
yard that obviously have social stunts
how do you know exactly and then you
have grass that grows in the shade so
what we gonna have to like chop the yard
up in sections is Lance
now I'm just gonna take a math was not
even my house well we go stop wake up
let's do it
let's to do it we bought it all all the
big bag that's all they had
we got a lot of land to cover I mean
you're right okay super tough decision
this one right here you hook to the
four-wheeler that seems so easy this one
you just kind of drive do i or do i one
conforto just want to tow it
hold out
you know what Jake just four changed me
I came out from the head I'm going to
man felt a little different yeah what
did I fail to pay for please a notch age
what I really think starting to seat pay
off right about here so we gonna be out
and about I at least take the tags off
man people got to know I'm an amateur
again no I'm not not a real cowboy the
real thing John I just probably dumbest
outfit I wear right now coming in here
to do this but you guys remember a few
months ago how we went to I did all this
thing where we went to Toys R Us and we
were flying to these meetings and we
were trying our product in the stores
what has happened dude this is my first
this is my very first product in retail
stores like I've never had anything in a
real store where you can walk in and buy
something so this is like super exciting
but I got to find it
I got to find them found them is it dude
we did
mission complete Oh what does it do you
know what chase I'm glad you asked
these are I'm just going to show you
guys to check it out on the endcaps toys
are off everywhere all over the country
every store you'll find these me look at
that well that's the cartoon version of
you this is it guys I've been waiting to
tell you guys about this forever
my ghost sumos partnership with me and
Karl and a bunch of us we've made these
things look yeah one day I do dude I got
a bomb I got I got us Britain Kane no I
got a bottom I own toys I don't have a
single one of these not sitting there
was amazing right here the fish I'll get
the robot yeah that's good start let's
go let's go you're going to love this
your kids are gonna flip flip we did it
we've got a product in retail stores
thank you tours are rough it's going to
change the entire future chase right
here when I have my hands going to
change the world we're going to change
the world you've never seen this before
in your life
dang dude I bet that gas you sold us you
know an amateur called the cops on you
dang it
- what are these what are go sumos guys
what are these I'll tell you out there
they are packs of stickers they're
stickers chase stickers oh whoa what do
they do
glad you asked you know I'm so glad you
asked that question I'm going to pitch
mode I'll pinch my row on the pitch man
I'm going to show you I'm gonna show you
this cluster come on outside yes well
let's imagine you have a sticker right I
just whipped half mine in half careful
when you open the pack and take your
sticker I can you stick it anywhere you
want all right
I happen to want to stick it here on the
ground unless you're gonna stick it on
the ground I chose the shark all right
I'm gonna stick my shark on the ground
on that piece of bubblegum are you ready
for the magic are you ready here you
ready for remote control remote control
stickers Eddie
boom shark comes to life on the ground
and I can control him at your foot dude
they're just walking towards your foot
dirty swimming towards your foot run
chase one chase run dude you got it bud
and you just drive your stickers
anywhere you want right
done done done done
Sammy is a sick or what yeah it's the
future dude imagine what else we got
just one sticker I'm not going to give
it all up but they all do different
things and they all have like I bought
that the animal ones which I just ripped
in half but you got Nemo you've got
let's do the octopus let's do an octopus
but you like you could put these on your
binders at school yeah if your desk like
dude octopus scan new target BAM
oh dude that is so creepy stuff right
there if you would you can come all the
way out you can like walk around you can
go anywhere you know my knee No
ah all right I pulled them on I pulled
them off the old gum I'm keeping them
I'm keeping them dude is it cool water
pretty awesome I've never seen one
hope you guys enjoy this one these are
so fun for kids families birthday get
whatever it is they're often they're
very unique they are now available at
all Toys R Us is around the country and
now on a smile more store I will put the
link in the top of the description go
check them out but when your parents say
they got strong
I guess they mean they just rolled is
rather trucks not wheeling right there
well that's the Cowboys that's what real
cowboy looks like booth whoo that's the
most I've ever seen in a pickup truck
what a flash we be farming you guys join
the farmer club got me a donkey got me a
hat you look authentic
who's on my porch Hey
who's that hi ladies
your men have arrived class don't like
it well I wanted to I wanted to keep
this a secret for a while but that storm
did us good PLAs did you rush him out
yeah
Oh sassy hair everywhere is creepy she's
ready she's full I mean completely full
to the top I don't know how it did it
but it beat us we're not even done with
all the builds of this place but we are
full and we're ready to party man this
is gonna be the funnest place look at it
guys look at this dude when you do
something and you have a vision in your
head for something and you have to start
it from zero and then you get to see the
final product it is worth it it's worth
all of it this was so much of a headache
to get done and finished and now I mean
we still got like grass seed we got to
clean it up we got to make it look nice
but it is ready like I could put ramps
on that door right now I could put ramps
on that dog
yeah it's just a whole new area guys
what is the name of this place
what are we going to call this place and
right there is certified helper that's a
certified helper high down hey does
hanging out if you go you just pull that
back here I'm trying to have fun I want
to do some bicycle wraps any more you
want stick to this whatever you want
yeah I'll learn you out here on the farm
oh look at all that grass seed man right
there fine
I spot it yo a family that seeds
together grows together you guys
building straw Fords this is awesome
what are you doing Conrad you get that
crazy look I'll sit rook geez little
centipede so much strong so much straw
hi guys it's 3:00 a.m. - been out here
shelling straw all night we got halfway
around now we're all the way around the
pond God listen to them frog mom awesome
that is so loud I want to camp out there
tonight midnight like now charlie quick
example on the tower
you put a tent up there I can't believe
the kids are in out there already doing
that they're in the pool they're all in
the pool do it and all fairness and all
fairness it's only ten oh five we did
good
not three a stork 19050 what that right
there oh that's a cowboy cowboy Joe
please
all right guys warping past a little bit
of time the family has been here the air
- tout ce chase and I stopped and we got
food
no that wasn't that great and they had
steak and sweet corn I've been craving
sweet corn all year and now I but I was
full baby Oh
perhaps this is your first ever root
beer float
so maybe I'm sure every single person
watching has heard of this but if you
haven't it's vanilla ice cream in root
beer you can use this
everybody has opinion on what the best
route you know what the best ice cream
is for the root beer float but I like
all of them there is no bad root beer
float can you know when I got us a
source today it is go sumos dude these
are stickers we've been working on your
sleepy the things daddy works on that
you're just like huh
a lot pick one out and then stick it on
the tape ah okay are you ready take the
take take my phone all right now you're
going to hit the scan new target oh okay
scan it now put your picture phone up to
the sticker when he's gonna come out all
right now you can control them with such
ease ah he's walking around the table
did so he's going up the cut up the bag
something again I like starting a
project and seeing it complete is this
is another one of those crazy things
like I can't believe these are available
they're out there in stores they're on
smiling edges I don't know I can't wait
to see you guys play with it too so
pretty sweet dude let's do it you all I
bought them for you who is play pick him
up walk up my arm oh all feeling tickles
he's tickling me ah take a minute go
check these out on small more on top
link in the description
they're just so cool and unique and I
really think these are going to become
amazing like the level that these can go
is so crazy like battling and two-player
and it's just going to be awesome okay
look at these ones you got you got mommy
you got you you can drive you in an RC
truck you got Noah on a skateboard uncle
Dale with the shovel let's see you
today John King comes to life whoa that
is so cool
Oh it puts staplers on the table it's
game you have to get through the
staplers ah you go turn the around
you tune in staplers turn through the
story below actually ready
there's no no one skateboard my little
man that stickers down there we go oh
you got the razor's psychic track again
Oh perfect its water that's what
happened okay
oh dude oh oh you got kind of have check
it out guys on my kitchen table I become
Dale running around the shovel and I
gotta make it through these traps oh I
didn't make it up
oh it's out of sight it'll run away swim
away
I can't we gotta make it we gotta make
it a sense oh oh I ran into the spikes
that'll be and say guys I'm going to I
think that now into the baby I just want
to continue the vlogs to the next
morning in case something happens to the
night that I capture that so I'm going
to continue this to the morning I'll see
you guys a current day and literally a
fraction of a second how weird
well we're going to go to bed we're
gonna get some sleep and be ready for
tomorrow we love you guys I'll do the
evening in the morning
well guys it's current day and still no
baby however it is kind of time to get
exciting because why go much later than
that today is officially unofficially
Britney's actual due date which was July
15th and we never thought the reason we
actually never really cared about this
due dates because it was still a guest
due date we never had an official due
date but we never ever thought we would
make it to July 15th in fact last week
in the week before that's when we
thought the baby was coming and the fact
that the baby star that come makes me
really excited for this due date because
this is the date that they guessed was
her actual due date which means that it
has to happen somewhere in or around
this date ii guess first guess was june
27 that was the first guess and you guys
know at the end of june we were like it
was going like we thought it was go time
i can we were like wow the date was
right
well a la and then as the baby has it
come we're like starting to think that
maybe they're right with this july 15
I mean they obviously we were wrong yes
as bad as it's been as as miserable as
the weight has been July 15th was the
second like well if it's not this date
has to be July 15th and it can't really
be past this because if it was past this
then she wouldn't have been out to get a
positive pregnancy test when she did so
it's crazy
so yeah getting even more excited that
this has to be it like it has to be
coming up soon so guys thank you so much
for being here this is freaking amazing
but wasn't he just on my porch chillin
that's what I'm talking about right now
I'm classes asleep you staring at your
near future red you're at your near
future it's gotta be please for what
crazy thing has you've been like
contracting like crazy today like big
contest all night big
hmm savvy sinan man so you guys here's
four hoping that it is any time now I
know it seems like it's been like this
for literally two three weeks and it has
been like we just didn't know we don't
know but now now we're reaching to the
point where it has to be after day she's
kind of going late like tomorrow will be
and it's still if the guests date so
it's pain in the butt but still it's
like we can assume that she's going late
after today which is crazy love you guys
so much thanks for being here we will
see you tomorrow please please
hopefully this baby will be our next
vlog if not hopefully in the next couple
it's just crazy guys we love you thank
you for being here can't wait to get out
there and show you what we're going to
do and that's it beautiful one-of-a-kind
smile on and thanks for watching to the
end
you
