here we go here we go here we go haha
can't see dude yo this is deep look at
the fire hydrant we're gonna fire stop
that bro yeah we gotta get the hotdogs
out right now we gotta get the hotdogs
out hot dogs gotta come out you wanna go
go
I want to like stand out there and have
you just drive the truck like real fast
pass me guys welcome to the vlog we got
out of the house a little bit because
we've had a great flood like it's rising
dude look look this is the truck this is
a sign we've got buildings I want to
take you on a little journey see if we
can show you some cool things we got the
hot dog and the bed of the truck just in
case you never know when we gotta do
something weird how are the powerlines
okay under water dude I'll understand
see if this guy can get through let's
see I don't see this guy do it I'll see
this guy do it
we had to get Clifford out today look at
you're gone the guys get a marriage it
Rizzy they can't drive we go help them
you got
are they stuck back here no he's a big
guy up I got a little road well out of
it
we're here for your rescue yeah
underwater you have any you have
anything like rope reading there these
guys are living it they don't care
didn't guys don't care oh that truck
that we were watching didn't make it
Reno we hope so
oh I guess wow yeah I got it oh my so
officially guys welcome to today's vlog
it is crazy we got so much rain I can't
even say we kind of missed the heavy
part of it this is what's left of it
Brittany is taking her nap for the day
and changing country and I are going to
run out and try to show you guys some of
what's going on right here
yo this is hard man these people's
houses are under water
this is Horlick up rolling through this
little neighborhood look at this tree
house dude
that is wicked all through it is hell
you know it's like it hurts to see this
like it's so bad
hang on hang on
oh no he's out there y'all know who this
kid is but I love him he's out you're
playing basketball basketball he don't
care though this road looks like a river
look forget river this is what
everything looks like on my way to here
this is wild man we don't see this much
y'all feel like I feel like maybe what
is this what is this that snapping
turtle get you a turtle country get you
a turtle war yeah grab it grab a turtle
I'm not sure we out here hunting
snapping turtle get it get it go country
go it's life and death dude go
come back from it no we got to keep the
training up you know on a man we keep
your rescue training up good make sure
we're let's keep looking around this
area this place is crazy man glad I
brought my water shit okay so we came
over to this area you see like channel
ten six all the news channels are here
there's fire trucks ambulances
I brought my drone I want to see what's
going on over there I can see tons of
water but you can't see anything past
this point so let's get the little
birdie up in the sky
serious the worst part about all this we
have so much rain so much flooding in so
many areas but the worst part is about
to go number two on us look at this
it's coming again like round 2 is coming
country have you ever seen anything like
this like water why's that
never chase have you ever seen it
flooded like this all times I knew I
knew that asking you that I would just
get a solid answer that's country it's
not normal man ok I'm Lucas there are no
one that rains coming I just want to
like help you don't cry I'm putting you
know don't cry do you guys super fans it
was like everyone love you guys so much
he was the thing is the thing that you
guys probably all know I'm out here
warming up for my storm chasing today
there's going to be a time will you call
me and you're like where are you I'm
good on storm chase and I'm out
somewhere in the country looking for
NATO's it's true you know why it is true
I'd be right there with because that
stuff is awesome
do I feel like today is like I want like
a practice run like we need this
practice we got it right now we're
hunting for the areas that you know got
the worst and I feel like you know we
got to be ahead of the storm not behind
it there to get better yeah
look look at this baseball field as a
baseball field there you know what
honestly like I would love to get all
the kids in this community out and play
a game of baseball Annette like imagine
how fun actually would be yeah no
snapping turtle grabs your leg pulls you
to third-base
can he make it I don't think you any
mate you should go rescue him
oh the one that just went over there did
a little crushed one it went is what
that little stream yeah - stream right
there it'd be epic even I sold all three
of us on hot dogs yeah
all we're gonna do is just write it down
it would be so down where there's a
waterfall nah nah I'll be fine yo all
the all these police about to tell us
you ain't getting that hot dog out
country you ain't a pin on the said you
ain't getting your hot dog out I'm going
to take the hot dog okay so uh that
didn't last long actually just a kind of
a bad timing on our part but uh please
you're super nice country I'll just
whistling kettle kettle corn that make
everything better
it was how do we find kettle corn it's
like you got to go to an event there's
got to be something happening for kettle
I mean real kettle corn with storm tape
we need to ensure that they have to feed
us while we're still in chasing familiar
cornfields around here dude we can just
pull some corn and put the engine
superhot we'll just cut a pop-can open
we'll put popcorn on the engine block
and put the corn in there yeah hey MP
he's a lot it's been a long day I could
be signed up with that we'll conclude
that we'll go with our storm-chasing you
got to tell us how we did we're we good
storm chasers it's good we definitely
chased the storm because we were behind
it we'll change it it anyway
Chase is right here so we got losses but
don't not chase - we did not fund
California it's gonna be a mission where
who had here's what we're gonna do
let's make it let's make the trip was
the best kettle corn in the entire
country it's making the chill really for
country the best kettle corn in the
country well chase it well chase the
corn around the country I got a visual
Jason like years for assault smoke
tomorrow we need answers now what I do
just probably what I'll do what would
you do well he won't talk is if I got
the camera he won't speak what but I
don't want left alone is anybody home
where you guys uh not upstairs I heard
somebody upstairs some but are you guys
hiding from me can you get us a huh I
think we got her we got a level to hide
house bum bum bum bum bum bum there's
there's headless cane for your eyes I
can't really fit anywhere I hope was
chained um he actually what was my mom
you liar
I don't know our teenis hmm baby in the
closet in the closet
recent man is he in here in this box
whoa
all the toy City and puppet no I didn't
give it away just completely guess a
feeling I feel today getting into action
right now contraction we need some
action okay you want to fly boy
you want to fly boy I gotta say guys
it's so so good I missed you guys I
really did the folk good to get out of
house for a minute like I need I really
needed it
I know that sounds crazy love being home
all the time for some reason this hobby
it was a good destroy been talking about
needing some distractions keep my mind
off this and you guys probably sick of
hearing about it too by now but it's
just it felt good like I didn't think
for 24 hours straight about the baby I
was like cruising around and like look
at that like that acupuncture done I
know to try and have his baby but the
ropes wanted you want to play a game of
cane talk we need we need to be about
where mommy is because these are head
choppers right here you got to be in
between the head chop huh
yeah but we can dodge them too you can
dodge a wrench you can dodge a ball get
mama
yes I got a bad game of leapfrog Todd
the play series game of kings off to
your king cotton Tom are you ready to be
top cane the answer is yes go ahead
yes baby the statue ah here's what I do
with people that aren't ready for canes
oh that's how you caused the pain I said
cosseting that's a Yukon satanic as the
first letters of each word mix hey after
you only this game can you do me a favor
this this ledge over here really needs
cleaned off those are Nerf darts oh my
gosh
when I go it's taught the cane the tank
off look how big he is it like kills me
ready 1 2 3
ready go no further
super game this is the disappearing cane
trick hey my work oh this is here huh -
any gone ok ok
it's so weird where you go yeah I came
this time we're gonna do cos the mommy
game and it's no yeah we toss her you
don't want to he's like panicking you
might know who Jansen okay you all have
to do it only he give me a hug oh yeah
hug the mommy game hey no you don't owe
me little baby little baby barrels here
yes yeah I was a little creepy
hello my baby girls here put in the cane
because earlier he was sitting on the
couch and I had one of the babies
blankets and I wrapped him in oh it's
all my baby girls finally here
little King Kong King Kong
hmm scared or we can't go on your little
recliner chair I think we need to
reupholster it so this is Frances
thinking about it we are going to go
live guys tomorrow on our live dot me
site 3:00 p.m. East Coast actually
exactly when this blog goes live on
YouTube we will be going live on live
got me so go check us out I put a link
in the top of the description of this
video
wait you showing what we're going to do
no I'm not - how I don't know don't sit
oh please come hang out with Tommy oh
you oh I like this picture right here I
like the way it looks
you look cute and I look just fantastic
yeah it's like playing battleship don't
know where you are yes my boiler the
things we do is love sex wait Oh God
mommy's mommy ratted you out
okay you read that is so crazy our girl
balloon if you've been watching the vlog
for a while we got this balloon about
when Brittany found out we were having a
baby girl okay now it was the actual day
ah
and I think so floats let go of it look
at that on believable that's it's months
and months and months and months and
months old I put it in here to the kids
all yes right ravage it so the whole the
whole the whole goal was to see if that
balloon would still be floating when the
baby was born I got to tell you the
balloon is really hanging in there it's
it's still love so from there we're
going to go ahead and eat some dinner
which is I would never normally do that
with with pizza but we've had so much
pizza um that it's getting to where I
like I need if I need a break
I need a pizza bright and it's to go to
go people want what's going on what she
saw she's so grounded she's grounded
she's been like running heard like
fucker we love you guys we really do and
I hope you enjoyed a little out of the
house today's vlog I just find in
distractions right now because it's like
it trust me like imagine if you're
irritated at all with this birth imagine
how we feel like all right I think you
smell these wings and pitiful yeah Nene
so spicy that's right that's the only
thing you don't do is eat something
spicy
I've been eating wings and salsa mm-hmm
thank you guys for being here so much
I completely understand the frustration
so don't give up on us um can't be much
longer tomorrow thank you so much you're
beautiful you are one-of-a-kind truly
smell more
you
