hey guys welcome to another video
obviously first first informal and a lot
of first and foremost
baby still not here and at this point I
just got to distract my got to find
something to do like I can't I can't do
this I know it's it's really at this
moment it's really difficult to plan
anything because you're like what if the
baby comes we can't plan anything we're
kind of like in a mud rut speaking of
mud it's it's flash flooding here like
today's vlog I want to just go out and
show you guys the disaster it's insane
it's just like what do we do because
we're kind of stuck here waiting for
this baby and if we go somewhere on my
crap would what if you go into labor and
now it's like we're not making any plans
and it's hard for me to separate and go
make a vlog because I'm worried about
Britt and the family and the baby and
it's just we're in like a rah
feel like I'm seriously in a rut and
when this baby comes out I'm gonna just
explode is so perfect if this doesn't
get my nails I can do you know that
could be like I mean I don't know I can
do now I'm very good at everything you
know it's not as paying oh yeah I'm over
camo today that's where we're at right
now we're both like what the heck do we
even do to entertain millions of people
and all we can come up with is that
we're stuck in a rut like what I don't
know what to do that mean the first time
on my YouTube world where I'm like what
do I do it's like I wanted to keep you
guys updated but at the same time like I
don't want to upload crap
so that's where we're at no I'm saying
that's what I'm saying that's what I'm
saying to you I don't like doing
statement I've gone crazy
so once again here we are another day
without our baby girl she's she's just
got to be like right here just
yes I'm just taking my nails off so
let's let since we're home we need to go
out and we got a bunch of stuff that we
can do at least for right now as an
update video kind of talk to you guys
and hang out with you guys while we do a
couple things
no that's the best honestly that I got
bear with us please be patient something
that's been tested tremendously with me
right now patient patient look whoa
Injection look crooked you crook a girl
I love our people actually start like
I've seen plenty comments like what if
this is all just one big elaborate wrong
Frank yeah I was like imagine if I was
that good to be able to think of that
and pull something like that's a real I
mean you guys are old you know you're
lose like it's good of a prank that is
you would lose like all your followers
is not nice to me but that's kind of the
humor that I have I think that stuff's
funny we guys doing oh she's here to
prescribe this is it on my bladder
your bladder well I know it's cray-cray
quick ride girl whoa whoa oh my god on
boom boom boom ba ba ba ba boom boom huh
you seriously want me to do that just
rip them all off I remember these things
these were oh my gosh these are some of
the most frustrating things about having
a baby is a car seat it is awful they're
painful they're hard to carry that
they're good they're good thing but they
want a nice report you want to hold the
box or should I
okay here we go ready you supposed to
hold the box
oh here we go we made some progress
ready ahh
do you remember these cane do you
remember riding in these have a seat boy
have a seat
I remember when your head came here come
here I remember when your head that
zippers amazing I remember when your
head was like this and your feet would
come to like here dude are you ready
so that's Kane and me with my long hair
and look how vibrant my tattoo was like
so faded now Oh like a little gainers
and mommy and our old house the old
electric heat going on from us but ok
that is so crazy I forgot a thing look
like Kane that was like a man it looks
like the pictures are 3d pictures of the
baby girl this is the first picture ever
taken of you right here that's it that's
the first picture ever taken of you you
remember that in the hospital or in icon
my son we had my mom made photos of my
whole labor and delivery who would ever
do I remember that
that's him a mean mugging you mean
mugging the cams boy take it take of the
car I want you to take her of the car my
hands are full Mama's hands are full we
need hope here's anyone little baby I
need you to put her in her car you know
what I feel like maybe you should put
her in a car seat for the first time
because I know that if you need a
refresher I know how do you though
gentlemen hold my right that's not how
you hold her first of all what hold her
like that you can loosen oh well I will
homie maybe like wait this one there's
gonna be left and it's going to be me
fighters okay it's right it outside all
right man and then put this at this
point you can't breathe do seatbelts too
tight these can go here hey this one
goes like this like it goes here you
know this huh it goes up oh I'll bet we
got research oh yeah there you go you
got it loosen that's sweet you go okay
that's not how it goes though you don't
know
okay okay now take now take the car seat
off and carrier you know take the car C
off
I'm idea wait have you a trick to this
right Kane definitely not I do it on
Kane over let's get some type of like
sequence to this felt insane
wait maybe the test me oh my gosh is
love all right there must be a handle
back here ah bingo bingo are you saying
you're not you're hoping it stops
raining now it is so much rain you guys
like an explorer train you've been like
a wagon for a ranger this is your fault
no I'm gonna do the rain dancer name but
I want to pick them up and show them
okay so now that I've got the whole car
seat baby thing down I need you to show
me how to have a baby I did my part you
do yours
work it girl work it girl she do it dude
do the dance you've been doing you got a
show I think it's I think that here I
think we should make a little deal you
don't have this baby today not to be
I'm not making no deal come on no my
like it'll go viral and location hey
someone's at the front door
don't yell at me what what uh uh phones
at the front door watch trying come in
Oh
Hey Hey Dude what's up you have a barn
you have a porch you have a garage I
have the garage door open for both
donkey and flash to go into the garage
across my car in it and are usually in
there but he's just chillin on the front
porch you can't coming out yeah you
think turning my $50
he really thinks he's a dog and I think
Flash's starting to think you to tonky
yeah oh what a terrible spot for a
spider to be when you shut the door you
know what I know what it is
it's flash no he wants play he don't
know where flashes I bet Hey
donkeys looking for you he's yelling for
you and you just chilling in here let's
get a giraffe or don't call me donkey
your beds on the front porch
you're going to sit back here and bounce
with me bounce with me and he can you
can you bounce with me bounce with me
thanks for coming on today hanging out
with us hearing a little update of no
baby yet no baby yet and to be honest I
got to find a way maybe you guys can
help me tell me in the comments how
would you stay distracted right now if
you were in our position like what would
you do just distract yourself like all
right baby's not here yet what do we do
while we just wait instead of just
sitting in waiting and laying in bed and
and doing all these little things crazy
no no no in the labor yeah it's not like
we can go look go ride roller coasters
we love you guys so much thank you for
being here thanks for being a part of
this journey and when this baby come
guys it's it's time to time to turn out
we love you guys so much thanks for
jumping on and we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
small more
you
