welcome to the blog guy today it is the
same day that I uploaded yesterday's
vlog so we're kind of we're up we're
finally awake and we're out and about
trying to get our baby to flip not not
let then spin like into position lock
and load
turn all about our house if you watch
yesterday's vlog we were completely
Ami's almost feel bad for that video man
the Midwife came out and she said tried
to get into the chiropractor two days so
that maybe possibly this baby comes
tonight so that's where we're going
right now we're on our way to the
chiropractor
since our day baby is this our day I'm
little baby girl I know I know it's
discouraging it can't be much longer
I having a contraction this whole baby
thing has been absolutely insane guys
like I hooked let me get that door for
you princess oh yeah I miss the hit him
the gym you know them spread them figure
out open this drawer there you go buddy
hey oh no what am I sitting here I
thought were coming here for you and I'm
getting the tree guys this is us oh I
have a bad my own man hey I was doing
all my stuff and I missed filming your
stuff but how do you feel like
chiropractically said you would you look
great feel great babies just blow hard
waiting on you why not
right now where we're at is that
Brittany's ready but baby is not moved
into the position that she needs to be
in to go into full labor that's why
she's having all this pre labor and
contractions it's like just waiting on
baby do hmm that's absolutely right
oh no that's right there at that
intersection right yes
chicle right out in front of me night
hitter BAM this intersection right here
that 3:10 intersection is Britt was
pregnant with Kane and that was the
first time I got to hear baby's
heartbeat Cain's heartbeat I had to go
to the hospital because she was
transferred in an ambulance is so scary
she called me I was in bed she's like
well you hit answer for like five
minutes of the flute
falling but when I did finally answer on
my way I hope you system borders I hit
somebody's if you hit a person and I was
like no like a car everything ended up
being okay but that was the first I got
to hear Cain's hurt me I rushed to the
hospital matter at the ambulance any
other here's for me did you miss me oh
yeah I missed you too buddy
hey keeps great look at his nose I know
what be doing oh hello Mr Bond what's up
my man you got so many fly I'm trying to
help you I know why they call now I know
why they call them what they call them
you got something to say to me
you got something to say say it say it
no I got the camera out now that's what
I thought you ain't yeah you will tell
you better walk away do a biga let's
meet your real obstacle man we're back
home and I just want to show you some of
the crazy things that we have been doing
just try to you know just come on
you gonna show them the dance you just
you know just show the dance yeah you've
been doing the praising see there oh I
sister just messaged me and told me to
dance the baby I'll just show you guys
what we've been what we've done you
wanted it all right don't freak out
this is this one to me is one of the
funniest so we're gonna start with this
all right
forget this little guy let's go any
shower it's not what it sounds now here
I just pulled it over but I don't think
you have to do that and then you twist
this side
like that this is brittle this is real
life isn't today's vlog is exactly just
realized okay so one there and I twist
the other side are you ready for my
favorite part and then I just grab her
okay you I do it like what in the whole
world
once you're jiggling all my fat yeah
Charlie move the baby you have to help
you it's actually not to help the baby
at all it's just face the water example
you told the Midwife do I need some arms
trade you just make something up Jesse
that works the back of your arm like
tremendously so this next one you
probably seen it in yesterday's blog
basically the Midwife shows to lay on
the edge of the couch I hold Brittany up
basically like she'll fall off if I let
go and it just rolls or stomach sideways
and hope that the baby does uh you're
going to do like stretches here my belly
you know I want to go back in town like
see who came up with all these processes
and like how that one worked or a
picture or if it's just pure luck that
the baby happens to go in position after
you've done so that feel like eventually
you know there's a lot of reason that
the baby doesn't go ahead down is
because like even you like sand a lot
during the day or something and your
muscles are so tight to where it's like
they're not relaxed so this is like just
trying to relax your muscles all right
well let's your license makes relaxing
baby step number two tripods very cool
you will not fall wrong I know but you
have to put all your weight into it I'm
there for listen you're not holding me
you have to trust I also focus we
ordered of cause you want more okay
not the chair rolled back thank you
down there they have it they have I'm
more than a handyman maybe I can do it
all I did yep maybe not low enough for
you let me nice step into the fiction
I feel talk to our baby girl she's going
to hopefully watch this in 20 years and
just feel like after all day I know but
this is the memory she's not gonna
remember what you said these vlogs right
now are so important to me because we
look back even like three years ago
watch some of our blogs more like wow
I'm so glad we film that you forget so
much of your life I know and then you
put it even just little clips remind you
of so many great things so every
contraction Oh country coming to the
rescue man he brought us steak oh this
will get you moving right here some
proteins and now here's the thing I know
the respond boxes on them well you
needed to pick up there was spot what
happened well have enough good luck you
know what I was driving I was driving it
was like I bet it was walking the lack
of sauce well well it's on a food blogs
like feeling did those epic moves by I
think a good meal a good a good meal
maybe a good funny movie something makes
you laugh laughter is slapping each we
have we told the story about how you win
little labor the first time it came oh
my gosh like I was actively because I
made a joke because I'm so hilarious
okay so this is a true story we went and
we went to the hospital with Kane
because we thought she was in labor
which she wasn't it was like I didn't
free labor that makes sense now it's all
it's all coming back so they said our
midwife said no go home sleep for a
while so on our way home we stopped to
get a movie well when we got the movie I
made a joke in the car about she she was
making fun of me because I was going too
fast in a 35 I was like 35 I was like a
deer could hit us at 35 and she I know
it's not even that funny but
it's faces and loss it's the way it was
one of those you had to be there Jose
country I'm telling you just like trying
to make me feel better
you went into labor like that and it was
go time so I'm here for you you just let
me know when you're ready for the judge
I know you didn't make me laugh on the
way home the pressure good like while
you're in labor
The Laughing releases like a natural
painkiller
I can door phone them you have to make
me laugh and labor but not offend me
like tickle in laughter in labor you
don't want me near you hop it's
beautiful out it's supposed to
thunderstorm tonight probably will hey
buddy what's up the balls are still in
the pool I think the storm took a bunch
of them actually I really do think the
storm but I don't seen it thank you much
I hope so very have this baby tonight
guys the weight is so incredible it's
like the longest thing I've ever waited
for my life it feels like like I feel
like Brittany's been pregnant forever
I don't like remember before that also
you guys took that ball pull video vlog
couple days ago and took it to number
one on YouTube thank you so might even
ask you to do anything but somehow it
popped up so thank you guys so much for
that I know it's obviously because of
you guys how we feel in you already
changed you are getting ready we need
that we need to serious is it better to
movers it just relax I don't understand
it's like we've been doing everything
hiking walking she gets on that that big
rubber ball thing wherever it is I do
know I'm like getting like the constant
contractions again now which is great
just really good just hoping she's nude
you've had sleep you've had a great meal
you went to the chiropractor we did our
things yeah now you know I'm going to
sit Anthony's in Washington let's do it
see how many of you guys have watched an
entire movie on a lot of right now oh
we're I guess it could get weirder
he painted inside oh yeah yeah it comes
any but John on the door to get outside
dog now he loves it
him and donkey he has to keep it on
listen little girl Oh what you're doing
in there I've seen pictures of what
people think you're doing in there and
you're living it up and you're partying
and you're just comfortable I mean I
need your death I need you to come out
here hang out with daddy mom and Todd
wait moving move like a piercing
Spreaker cow you think she can hear it's
just a book you mean digger dad is this
system not here yet
it's current day I figured for the next
until this baby comes I'm going to
continue some current day update so you
guys know the most up-to-date version of
a blog possible man we really thought
many times but we really thought last
night was our night and then it just
like all went away towards the end it's
crazy
I use turned or not I feel like she has
what I feel like she hasn't can't tell
you're just the Ernie right there so
yeah that's the most current update
really sucks I really really really am
so beyond excited and I guess the only
thing I keep telling myself is what
can't be much longer
it can't be much longer we love you guys
so much thanks for hanging out another
day without baby whole family's about
change but she comes
we gotta yawn in there love you guys so
much thanks for everything the support
on all these crazy videos we'll see you
tomorrow beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
you
