Wow okay guys here we are once again
after I've promised how many times that
we wouldn't be doing it
welcome to today's video guys today is
really an update for you guys this is a
video instead of skipping a day which
once again we almost did yesterday we
had an incredible storm at the house
there looked like snow whoa so let's get
to this video we basically again no
sleep last night
Britney was I thought it was good times
morning was like all day yesterday
contractions all day it's pretty solid
like pretty solid signs our midwife came
here early disappointing it was like
5:00 6:00 in the morning my contractions
are four minutes apart I was like
freaking out for a second yeah it was it
was pretty intense morning for us so
we're a little Draghi a little dragged
out not as fun as yesterday's vlog which
by the way as of right now is number two
on YouTube thank you guys so friggin
much it's crazy
so midwife scheme check Brit out because
we really thought she was in labor
um means your baby was still damn good
mature baby was healthy good heartbeat
everything is awesome she's just not
it's like she's ready her body's ready
but and when her head goes down we're
gonna engage like she said maybe tonight
probably tonight she said probably
tonight
so everything's like leading up to this
moment we've had so many false alarms
you guys have been here through it has
been ridiculous literally a patient's
tester I am crossing patients maybe our
name will be patient patient no that one
is anybody named patient or literally
like zombies right now guys it feels so
bad that we're like this right now but
we got up we got we can't leave you
hanging right now this is really our
life right now everything is about
leading up to this hopefully tonight
like I've said I've tweeted it tonight
please tonight it's been avoided crowd
well it's his little girl that cried
wolf
over and over so now like this morning
when she's freaking out like like I
could see in her face like just could be
it like she was in a lot of pain a lot
of contractions
and I believe it but in the back of my
head I'm like probably just another
false alarm so and kind of was that kind
of wasn't is like really like which
would she say you're winding up so
baby's winding up in that it'll probably
trickle out today and then go into labor
tonight so that could be nice to be
great you just gotta rest up today if
you can
so um I used to take you guys up there
and say hi to the kids and stuff today
but this is this is literally a hello
this is exactly what we're doing right
now which I was doing something fun like
throwing a pool with plastic clay balls
but I know like I said you need to get
all those out psyching in school you can
still get the fool be great yo boss I'd
be sillier day she's red she's like
right there the craziest thing ever by
the way at this time of her pregnancy
she said that especially a second baby
her head could have been down and it
comes back up he goes down it comes back
up and just at the moment this morning
she wasn't she wasn't I think now though
in a heartbeat if she's head down and
flips her Amin
it's go time so that's where we're at
baby wise guys can't stress on us were
beyond impatient with this I struggle
with patience altogether not very good
at it sup my work on all the time this
has been probably the biggest test for
me mentally is this baby so many false
I'm going to go out and say hi to the
kids real quick and just let you know
that everything is healthy everything is
good
Brittany's gray I'm good the kids are
great house is great we're just waiting
for this baby so please bear with us on
our energy obviously if you're watching
right now at this point then you you're
really here with us so thank you so much
for that thanks for the extra love today
because it's probably going to get
crushed trust buddy your videos not 20
minutes long so I mean yeah I mean y'all
YouTube makes me cry
see she don't wanna cooperation if she's
grounded she want to come out she's
camera shy she's grounded she's I'm
gonna say how the kids real quick how
you doing buddy
playing some ghetto I didn't tell you
guys today as well not our house
everybody in the areas out of Internet
we have no internet today it's crazy how
many games we have that require internet
that you can't even play without
internet it's weird ready for this baby
oh wait so Dianna is working yeah do you
on what it's been our like hour all all
day so far no internet and they've been
like we call no much everyone's working
on it we're trying to get the Internet's
back on that's gonna make it in this
video Pilate we don't have to go parking
lot the parking lot yeah baby girls
coming she's coming today
I'm feel really really good about how I
felt good about the last 15 boss fuckers
he said the Internet's working I haven't
tried it yet you want to try it oh the
Internet
you guys imagine it's imagine right now
it's the internet just disappeared it's
gone you could no longer ever get on the
internet we were probably going to some
type of mass panic it would probably be
devastated it would be devastating
that's our video for today guys I don't
know what to say until this baby comes
we're exhausted we're excited we're
we're ready
I don't know what else to say thanks for
the support guys it's absolutely insane
overwhelming everything that we do
especially like videos like this where
you guys actually support it and come on
here and and give it love is
unbelievable I mean I'm out we will
hopefully see you guys tomorrow as
current day by the way
booth you guys tomorrow hopefully with
the first images of our big
girl love you guys so much beautiful
one-of-a-kind small
you
