Quorra you just need this cute little
kitty you see him hi princess
you ready to rock are you ready to do
this today you ready no you ready what's
up guys welcome to the vlog sorry I got
hyper no seriously though guys welcome
to the vlog we are getting ready to go
Brits yeah yeah yeah yeah running late
as usual gonna get my shoes on we are
headed to Conrad's but how old's Conrad
old is Conrad sixteen seventeen eight
seven Conrad's birthday party today my
brother's a kid birthday is turning 7
7-minute ABS ready we go party she does
wonder where she gets him looks from
obviously oh yeah that doesn't look good
out in about today we got the whole
family little core trying to sleep back
here I guess there she is there she is
she's waiting for you she drops her
binky no brings the bank eats perfect
these guys are playing what'd you guys
plan
Oh your neck my back's feeling a lot
better - still a little sore but Stannah
know it's early hey so apparently this
birthday party is that uh like a like a
gym I don't know what it is party
birthday Jo I've no idea what to expect
took it's like we couldn't even find it
on the map or GPS we'll be there soon
basically let's go check this place out
okay we found the place get a good job
on the Jacke not so good job when I talk
I know we just drove 16 hours that's
like she just fell the sky into that
thing look how big she's getting it's
gonna wear you boys out time to get worn
out yeah sleep good we five did that was
awesome
peace see ya
remember Flores lava the floor is lava
there you go there you go yeah there you
go very nice let it fall down oh good
job
hi you guys have fun did you have fun
little monkey man a cool little whorfin
warp outlays uh I had a good kids had a
good time I didn't even risk throwing my
back I did climb up this little thing
nothing bad I missed you doing the
triple backflip off the wall of the mega
wall in my double can't believe I didn't
film that future no they know better
trust me believe me okay so next stop is
my brother's house because we're heading
there we're gonna follow them there they
go that way they go that way
and I head towards my brother's hang out
with some family tonight it's gonna be a
very very very very family vlog today
hope you guys are having a great day you
seen the body one in the blog alright
beautiful you want have a gun mama you
just did a real war a real warp she fell
asleep right when we got in the car and
woke up at Dale's house you a party you
had some fun she said Werner I just I
just appeared here
oh she's happy though she's ready to
party knows ready to eat birthdays Rock
birthdays Rock what is it yeah I can
vlog with that you just need this cute
little kitty you see him my gorilla grip
and their gorilla grip vlogging doesn't
even really take that much in scream for
arms you look like in about another 15
years another another evolution a foot
throw you through the wall I'll give you
one shot gotta hit the camera not
grandpa I love that whistle who
remembers this game we got some real
family battling going on here real out
with fashion hit it dad hold it trigger
how you gonna you got to pull the
trigger
just like used to baby as part of the
game lets you shoot collect them all if
you're young you may not know this game
but me and they'll drop playing this
game and I don't know it was fun and he
just found it so we've been we've been
playing it come on
somebody get a goal watching hockey you
need a you need a four-time scope on
that thing or they lost control oh come
on dad now flip the whole game like the
kaurav got an upgraded TV over here oh
my god love this projector and it was a
whole wall 14 feet 14 foot screen that's
like 16 a happy dude my brother's always
got the coolest toys man especially like
our childhood stuff he's got his giant
what is he's called HOH oh trash slot
cars I know if any of you guys are into
these but they're so far look how big
that track is for these original tracks
are you serious
takes a while to get them like clean you
ready yeah there you go oh man these are
so fun to write Oh any of these how much
do I remember oh I remember this I
remember that you're talking like all
long ago yeah also deal that his drums
off the ceiling how was that it actually
came down really easy just cut the rope
now I'll just well I had these metal
bands holding them up after I did the
first version to secure them better by
it it came down a little easier than I
liked know if you guys remember that but
we calling
the upside down and play drums you guys
gonna race yeah have a race dude hit him
hit him on the track you got a bump him
on the track wait who's red
no okay Red's burst green
he needs his amp and guitar racers at
the sound of the Bell here we go that
was the Bell alright Green takes the
lead Noah's falling back he's trying to
catch up starting to film you need to
run my bro oh dude takes out no get him
back on the trail tails off the track
how many laps is this 500 laps okay all
right no it's holding a good good
position good position we'll be back at
lap 10 or lap we on day 1 we need a slot
card that holds a GoPro yes that make
you so sick though
okay whorfin out of that do we're on
like - oh you guys can't even see there
we go it's like it's been like I'm not
kidding weeks and weeks of water like
where's all this water going there's a
fun I'm gonna fun there right nice
little family get out man we needed
family time you guys see us together
old-timer if it didn't this is a great
day I love this and right back where we
started I got it
look how much mud we have and how clean
these are you get these out I mean this
oh my baby fleshy Wendy's not here
everyone's like who's winning who's
Wendy I want to see it in the comment
section it is Wendy we're back home baby
girl baby girl
the boys are jumping in showers because
they were digging around in foam pits
today and she's sleepy she said she's
sleepy I just but i unbuckled her out of
her car seat she had that look like you
know I don't even know I'm just gonna
chill this is my spot huh okay so class
has been fed he just fed which means
donkey once fed and he was just about
almost caught on camera he's just about
to let me know he needs bed because he
was about to yell like a t-rex he sounds
Jurassic he is the loudest animal I've
ever owned it is incredible noise that
comes out of his I mean relatively small
body that's the sound of a donkey
getting that plank on getting that plank
on guys whoa I am super white super wha
ha ha ha guys that is going to do it for
our blog I'm gonna show you should I
show these I'm super excited about these
well I don't know if I should show them
you may have already seen in the
background maybe
oh yeah you did okay then I can show we
got next week next week hopefully he's
climbin up again next week guys we have
finally like the most amazing smile more
blankets coming out like full-on like
this is like a um this is like something
you'd have on the couch like or on your
bed but it's unreal like it is so nice
cats like it here will you hold it when
you pick it up usually don't show
anything until it's actually out but I
wanted I don't know I'm so excited about
these wrap up wrap up in it like just
just like you're cuddling up like cuddle
oh man you look comfy that's probably
the most comfortable blanket on the
planet and look look what you're doing
you're smiling oh yeah no ultimate
comfort zone boom so yeah guys we got
these blankets coming out obviously I'll
tell you when they're actually on the
store but they're gonna be a very very
reasonably price and I'm just so excited
to release those yeah it's our multi
it's like our multi pattern but no
forever
blankets like these are just gonna get
torn actually found a dinosaur buried in
the backyard and beside it was one of
those blankets they last a long time you
don't even believe me we were digging
the pond it was a blanket a dinosaur
that's oh no I didn't make news either
nobody wanted to cover that bogus story
we love you guys thank you for hanging
out today was just like I said no family
blog and you enjoy your horse toys
that's nice that's nice I mean you
wouldn't you just got fired at the
circus but it was nice for our living
room we will see you guys tomorrow thank
you for everything you are beautiful you
are one of a kind smile
you
