welcome to the vlog guys hope you're
having a great day let's get going first
of all we got electric back our powers
on see example one here's first here's
first proof that the powers back on I
got no kids my kids are occupied kid
number two taken by computer games you
know soon I'm gonna have to personally
start cutting the power and a house so I
get more time with my eggs Brits in the
shower
everybody visit everyone's too busy for
daddy today I'm not so I go out with
Dale sales come on over we're going to
get some stuff done all right guys all
jokes aside hope you're having a great
day man kids are playing some games all
good we've done a bunch of stuff today
obviously I brought yesterday don't do
that don't do that you got to yell at me
I was I'm not doing anything but
obviously we started today's vlog out we
actually filmed yesterday oh my gosh
what am I talking about yesterday we
shot current vlog so today we're
starting where we left off yesterday
there done literally confusing myself
but everybody's kind of Ochs about
everyone's busy Dale had this crazy idea
kind of based off an idea that I
previously came up with so today we're
going to try it out with you right now
first thing we have to do is build a
runway a dirty dirty runway let's go
all right online first thing we had to
do is put gas in this thing to color
especially left a while but do you got
to add it up definitely nice build up
I'm gonna be thirsty and by-and-by
thirsty Cheers
all right so I figure we'll come out
here build a big runway and then truck
ramp
Rockets flight I'm sure it'll get that
smooth like that exact order
Oh
nice flat runways bill we got the ramp
all we needs the Rockettes ah so flat
it's so flat our brother ramps ready
it's a small one no I do have a bigger
ramp wait you didn't go with the bigger
one first should we
you were like big ramp exclamation point
I figured we'd start small start of the
little ramp work our way up but we can't
we just go big go big or go home now we
can start small give us a good test yeah
warm up figuring out if we can even hit
it or not she brought a box of goodies I
got a nice stuff as you can see I'm
starting my own rocket company it looks
like something from like the old Looney
Tunes or the old acne right hack me out
of it for sure definitely and I have a
whole multiple choice of rockets all
huge g80 which is a safe it
it's the biggest rocket I can buy
without license so they're powerful
basically they'll 3d printed have you
tried these they don't explode so and
then the rocket fits in the back of this
and then this part mounts to the RC
truck so beautiful I haven't tried it
but in theory by design it should work
just by the design it should so the more
thing about it you guys have seen this
giant ramp which we still haven't got to
use maybe we just don't make sense with
the rocket it makes perfect it's a
launch pad is what it is not a ramp
that's a launch pad the angle that it's
going up is like literally perfect to
step and I'd rather send it this way
then long ways and then we can put
GoPros on here yeah and I have a little
okay let's do the bent wires oh I get it
you're gonna hook the lip all right so
you get quite a bit this is like the
Grand Theft Auto wall of guns but if are
seized and you just pick which one you
want can't go wrong with the xmax
so we got little Rockets and we got big
rock let me got Rockets so big that I
don't even dude those are cute yeah you
put that on an RC it's gone let's do it
so if you guys been watching this
channel for a while we still got this
guy still running that thing is asking
for a rocket dude
let's see what it looks like with one of
the big dogs
we think of this what you think of this
idea that's a rocket thing that's right
a big rocket gotta be Center if it's
often decided she's going to make it
spin like it's got to be words if we can
take this tail off put it Center or that
way the rocket stabilizes the launch for
the fun of it for the sake of this vlog
what's their small to them no idea what
that Rockets going to be let's go out to
that dirt light it see what happened and
then we'll move up all right just so you
know this is kind of like redneck
rocketry and rocketry normally there's
like a whole launch sequence riding but
we're just going to shove canopies in
the back and light it actually yeah the
timing was perfect
I think we've done it I mean there's
elder ways alright guys check out this
mounting job this is what you call this
is what Dale calls a redneck rocket job
right there look at that it's like meant
to be look at that I'm not I'll I'm
excited I want to like go now like let's
just go light one here put the rocket in
this wait this is really what goes in
there
yeah that's it e in E okay
the plastic was purple out of the 3d
printer so I painted them red and by
doing so I got spraying so you just got
to work that red on me now in order to
make gold Oh blue fly we got my pod body
this is a rocket will be behind it let's
cut this part off too
just let it melt it just just let it
burn through it yeah napalm just thing
didn't do anything anyway it did a lot
not perfect that's my vacation right
there it's perfect
my god it's me upgrade me that's what
this canopy is in
oh my got one just light it light it
I can't infuse ny8 and that's going to
make it go this should give you about
four seconds before you have to boogie I
like I'm going to hit the ramp and hit
the ground in life uh oh no how you
going to say is going to manage
direction with one going down one one up
oh I like this then so that how you
gonna time it two fuses dude all I got
to do is hit like 50 feet in the air and
I'm happy and then it just goes you want
the rock no no I'm going to glide this
parachute to come down the road oh it's
just going to stay straight well no the
back rocket what is one lights before
the other not worry I've got technology
built into doll which is Jarvis Jarvis
technology this one goes before the
other to delay in the flight
coordination pattern so let's get into a
light for it right is gonna go and then
this one's going to compensate with
right and this perfect same technology
that goes into balancing a drone it's
really like these Rockets rocket aura
rocket Chuck huh you need the ramps what
are you doing well we're thinking if all
goes well we'll be able to send one into
the atmosphere with a letter that says I
love Britney and then the aliens will
find it and they'll be like he truly
does love Britney because who would tie
a rocket with a note how are you gonna
make sure it doesn't go in the corners
kids what look bands backwards and like
does a looky-loo I'll be pretty proud of
myself
but I don't think it's gonna do it goes
in the woods again I'll be pretty proud
of myself no matter if it's about you
having the baby right now oh she just
moved we're going on my bladder
hey guys we're getting close I promised
Dale bra he found a rocket engine this
is from when we were kids no idea how
old this is you're talking like I'm not
kidding probably 20 years old I wish I
did date on it I'll be surprised if it
works we're gonna dig it in the ground
and do a little test run yeah that test
holders now you got Britney
steak knife it's still hard to cut these
for the tinkles don't tell her yeah
you're going to the center of the years
on this one she's in the ground this is
just going to shoot up I'm going to
shoot it and kind of slow mo for you
guys and we're gonna make sure that
these Rockets right ready are you ready
I'm ready dude uh-huh let's go ready
firing oh she's done now do that thing's
so old how could it work it's either a
dud or the fuse just wasn't in there
right
I don't know it's yeah you going to
refuse it we're going to put a new
rocket in we're going to refuse it it's
literally 20 years old I bet at least
attempt number two I think this thing's
just shot
whoo no oh looks promising
nah
so we've almost got this Sun into the
trees and once we do these Rockets are
going to look awesome so we're going to
wait a second let that drop just
literally five minutes we'll be able to
launch these babies with uh cool effects
I'm running this way is that another
test
yeah okay
let's it
that's awesome
haha alright let's just get it up we are
losing light we're racing time cameras
are ready got a 240 they're 120 there
wait how you going to not clip the
tripod with your wings you got a pretty
big wingspan you know what I'm glad
you're here bro this is gonna be some
serious trial and error so let's light
this thing up we're just going to drive
and see what happens I'm going to have
no speed at all like none cuz the few
goes so fast we can't back it up for you
let's go
okay not our son Oh Oh burn okay all
right little bit of fail city assist
because the name of this place right
here fail city we are Larry to the
camera fail can we get some pliers it
would come right I mean I can wig out on
I got I got it come on muscles a classic
so warm warm and like soft what's that
thing doing what the heck okay
round two here we go do the Rockets get
so hot that it's like the plow Brooke is
just melted I want to hold this thing
definitely have time for more speed dude
petal halt petal halt it's all about
that nosedive huh it has no fun of power
the casing is old in a warm position so
that's good ain't going nowhere
I like your thinking wait where's our
where's our tail we don't need it we
need to tell us launch it
hi guys I don't know how well we're
capturing this but that last one
actually did sing the car up more than
the car itself sent it up so we're going
to go to a bigger rocket up I think this
Rockets putty it's just so melted like
the whole truck and everything is
holding up even this I thought that'd be
gone by now how you going to mount that
duct tape Dale just said this is a
little sketch like just just a little
sketchy dude a bigger rocket we would
have had that know we had someone all
right guys we got close with Dale's
going for the big kahuna this one is
going to be on his channel his video
will be up the same time my videos up so
I will link it go see that this is two
of the biggest Rockets we have and this
is just G 80s nothing huge so he's got
one in the back one in the front go
check his video I don't want to spoil
his video
yeah you know the bottom line is it
takes a lot of cruel a lot of them to
lift a little weight let's step four of
them so I don't know she survived
another day but uh I don't know how
still running not even that how are the
wings still attached that styrofoam
it's styrofoam let's put a G on it right
now okay the biggest motor we got how
you going to mount it duct tape it the
duct tape was stronger than the plastic
mount we love it let's do it let's do it
all right does she have one more deal in
Rome it's still trying to get the rocket
fire what do you more can't abuse but
there had a fuse in there out of time
wait I've got an idea let's put a trail
of gunpowder from the house up to the
rocket engine wait commercial break
commercial break ladies and gentlemen we
are clear for takeoff please be alive
please be aware of flying rockets
to do or my gut it took like wings are
so it officially took flight how are the
wings still on do disabled drive hey I
can hear the servos oh do we did good we
did great
dude those wings can't break
you can't merge on Big Talk flight you
didn't hit the rim it came out the
ground what did my swing what if I would
hit the ramp dad we'd be taking
spaceships to the motor get it back
how they looking if this is like the
launch point from right here there it
was a hundred eighty feet 180 380 look
in the ground from where the ship from
the rocket has to be dude I have no idea
that is amazing
this is the real test ready yep see
still on oh my gosh
yo that is involved unstoppable
it still drives killing me honey did you
see this moon did you see the moon if
you're having this baby it's this
weekend the moon is huge
tomorrow I know my mate been in a lot of
pressure
what do you mean pressure like she's
really super low I'm going crazy really
we can feel her down here instead of
like up here doggy seems interested I
know you a punk you know what you want
scare someone we get too scared
well I hope I hope you guys enjoy a
little something different today
not that different I kind of do this
kind of stuff a lot but I have a blast
like doing stuff with my brother so much
fun and now we're just waiting on here
amp no you give up food flash this is
for him
oh yeah he loves these carrots you want
closely what you got what you got I'll
make a train I'll make a trade you got
the goods
you got them carrots and he just likes
Carson break off well peas for flash he
does love them well here we are
another night 7 8 17 still no little
girl how let's just say I really all I
do know is that is if you don't know
full moons seem to have an effect on
pregnant women they tend to have babies
on full moons if they're close to their
due dates so you're like asking for the
full names start like midnight tonight
or is it like folding tomorrow it's like
does the night I think for us it's
tomorrow
literally oh the other night tomorrow
night tomorrow night tomorrow night
tomorrow night I was like fresh how
often was a birth baby 7 7 17 well
that's well getting birth dates planned
and 8 18 is on I'm the baby and 18 no
you're definitely not going that long we
love you guys thanks so much for being
here
until I got for you today I had a great
day obviously it's fun got out of the
house a little bit and because of that
want one of many we love you guys so
much thank you for being here so for
this baby this weekend literally please
baby this weekend
so cute I wish you would have caught it
I was just sitting in here on the ball
and came came in and just like talking
about is baby what are you coming for a
know everybody started going crazy and I
was like oh everyone's saying baby when
you come out love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow Street continues your beautiful
one-of-a-kind there's the young
more
