welcome to the vlog guys hope you're
having a wonderful day is beautiful and
oh how we got the kids playing games all
over the place how you guys doing you
yeah you are wait welcome to our
production so yeah this is night you
guys want we have light you guys always
work in the caver love okay
so we're shooting out in small more
today for our production or a project
that we've been working on I want you to
just come out in the middle of it and
just wreck it really come out loud come
out like during recording just wanna be
shirtless you do whatever you want okay
any day I'm gonna text you while we're
shooting okay let's come out here we go
starting a very fun workday it's busy
it's productive which is awesome they're
wrapping up they're about to build the
giant Tower back here for the zipline
that's what they're about to work on
right now semi trucks coming out all day
Doug they're delivering Mertz the new
gate got put on this morning so that
actually being put on right now that's
getting fixed you guys ready you ready
girl ready so sorry I will have all them
out of here soon okay he's put up with
us for a little bit I'll spread how's
Brit you ready Brit oh my who's this guy
who's this guy you just get in the bush
dude you got a hide you got a buzz Luke
on a short oh yeah all right I'll do
that
bro we're filming right now
put a shirt on involve you put a shirt
on and marsh you're trying to throw him
out here look what all these cameras
don't allow me to sleep in your house
they don't have to sleep with the donkey
and then shower with the holes knuckles
nah more is their clothes different
connections use this for now that's why
you said you need to pick up stuff get
your GTR key no you're not taking my car
yeah
you know okay maybe a closes inside long
long I need you guys I need you guys
it's just been a long wait a wait right
here the new merch here something like
hey there they've delivered super
excited man super excited my prints are
stuff and we've got a bunch coming in
right now country you could just pick
that pallet up for him
that's too Jolly Ranchers right there
yes Nathan we're going to pay me some
extra and I ask a dollar and they said
no guys you got a Pam you know I think
our I think our advertisement on the
website should be fousey and a kid's
small on the way all right let's get
them out looking about let's get them
out that's your size right there
I treated it I kind of gave it up Oh
baby there's like amazing this is mom
getting I love it it's summertime this
is the summertime splash right here yeah
I just want to jump in the pool okay you
guys just added a ton of additional work
for me today now I got to do a whole
photo shoot the best way for me to show
you guys what we have now available is
probably on the website but I'm just
going to show you real quick this is
like our Summer Splash bring in the
splatters back that you guys love so
much in new colors new style tank tops
black tank tops lime green tank tops
this is a bad way to show you really bad
way to show your ladies all out
appropriately we got white tank tops
with black splats obviously the tide is
awesome we have been trying to tie dye
for so long they pulled through for us
and so yeah all sizes youth kids adults
this is all available I
I think I got a better way to show you
guys hang on you wanted that one right
yeah okay you got that one you guys pick
out I got you want that one :
find your green tank this is so much
okay so look at the family
look at this llama fit all right just
like our summer pack country on my
lantern bro you're gonna rip a shirt off
what do you think I love it
this is I need like ten of them well you
can have that one yes the tie-dye super
limited we only have a couple of these
are going to go like hotcakes
so white t-shirts know you had that is
that I think you guys get the point new
merch on the website right now hopefully
chase and I got a knock on a photo shoot
tonight or we'll do it it'll be out by
the Sun buzzing I'm you're watching this
it'll be up Roman Atwood calm it's in
the top length of this description right
now yo if you taking my cards both know
yo yeah yeah
hey what are you doing no doesn't give
me my god yo he just stole my car uh
it's in my garage I can leave my keys in
my car in my garage I thought okay we're
on to the next thing
today we're loading up packing the truck
what our half drive maybe Hana to us
pins on whose Drive who's driving come
to you driving I'll be more than happy
to go don't worry about a 30-minute
drive yeah it'd be a thirty minute
you know look at all this equipment I
got okay ropes steering the only road
where I love that Sid Kevlar static
valoran dynamic I got it all tuned we're
ready
okay so 100 road trip we got Gil Dale my
dad and country behind the wheel and he
is making it hat what traffic
just go around again I offered to drive
isn't that another lane right there I
offered to drive in countries like now I
got this to sit back and he just had
like this grin on his face like he's
like the happiest man in the world right
now he loves driving I love you guys
know that he just loved it he actually
made me call him Jason Statham before we
took that call me Jason steak you know
that makes sense because he was like you
can't I kept hearing him drop words like
the mission in like the package and stop
this this right here is what you don't
want pulling you over
look at that fear factor right there
this is an actual thing okay so we just
got the date no how there's this massive
fountain in the middle of the water
RVing in the area today we're attempting
some river surfing look at these guys
the serpent John hey what's up dude I
couldn't find pizza but Mickey D's yeah
golden arches anything in there left
anything oh yeah for me for me I have
just a frog come on dude a fry yeah
you'd be full-on half the prize you got
it buddy you're worth it I don't want
waste no time I got to get in this water
mainly cuz I got to go to the bathroom
all right yeah so this is what's your
name
Amy Dingle Amy and you're very
responsible for all this yeah are you
been working on this for 10 years
yep that is true - I know your whole
story I know you're a whole source - she
has hooked this up today and apparently
you can surf right here in the river you
get on one of these little waves and you
ride on these boards this is awesome
this is super ultimate and natural just
rolled in and you get on a wave and you
try to write I'm pretty sure I'm going
to do this John Deere and eat everything
so let's do it
I promise what's your predictions here I
believe you're gonna serve oh no I was
talking about you now we can do it look
at the size of this way yeah you can get
in the barrel one of them one of them
like yeah get in that barrel plug I know
that this will be the most and then this
yeah you gotta fins right
is this a Costco board it's styrofoam
it's going to be the most challenging
board here these are very Blanton big I
just I don't know I feel like I'm up for
that challenge I want to fall a lot
you got a wetsuit I'm cold I don't want
to get by I don't want that either
yeah walking water mug
she said no he's like very dangerous
across the sewer Crocs come out here I'm
wearing one that's great man good for
you for cold water here I'm literally
trying to know you've seen Ice Age
they're all little Clovis products
millions on now John's like make a joke
yeah that's not gonna make it a joke I
just have to live off this lover yeah
but you're built for the water I mean I
was raised right sea lion there's just
an eel Orca came and got them all
I probably survived more in the scene
yes my more in the cold I do so well in
the cold it is on winter nothing so I
didn't capture in my vlog when we had
the monster truck but are we doing this
we accidentally destroyed a red camera
we did we did destroy our identity is
really rad I didn't capture it on film
but the thing is we got a new one this
is a brand new one brand new can can we
get it closer to the water because I
noticed out of all the cameras were the
closest so the ones you hate red camera
a little bit but well I figured a little
risky no sand water source and we could
come out to this edge it's a it looks
like it was made for your camera ya
thinks going to yeah we're going in this
Lib dangers who died well I mean I don't
want to live dangerous but okay it's
looked kind of dated and not dog I
already told me super deep and safe so I
feel pretty confident kid with us and
reprobation all about its occurrence
he's gonna kill my bruises this is loose
oh yeah nothing says oh you look
especially got a bet you look so cool
get up
do you got any water wings
you
holman it's like a sweater around a
Christmas ham you ever hug hey Lin come
on it's not like that closer is gone you
lock it up should lock up
we re missing a patch I'm glad that bank
outlines but it was any better be
trademark you really recessed there I
will rip it out I'm not those women
those were the sounds moby-dick meant
right before you got harpoon now your
plat on my heart out fall after fall I
think what I've been missing my surfer
wig bro get it kid you see nothing out
there just head protection bra they care
do you man nothing out there brah
and it's been some fight yeah
ah
hahaha like what an idiot I can't do
better hide Amy and shot dear girl
you're gonna go Tiger left across $300
an hour you can jump in your the sound
that's a please right now I'm circling I
have not managed to get up on this board
not even one time probably haven't
filmed half of it but I haven't
literally tried a dozens of times so
many times is it oh god John sorry I'm
sorry your camera how hard is it it is
well okay I'm not especially athletic or
talented at anything but it's part
you're gonna eat a pizza yeah didn't
keep in there you'll be riding away when
you see Pizza sir for a bi completely
I'm gonna get you know if anyone is a
goal I believe that you could get that I
know just the guys dude it looks like I
can just catch it so easy but it's soft
and it does it right right and you got
to be careful just like so many shallow
Rock yeah right there
ya know my head's been bleeding for 30
minutes yeah I'll make life in applause
I can't see you give her like epic fail
you my lucky being cracked my head it's
a good yeah it's good that actually
wouldn't be clickbait though you did
look at this these guys these guys are
pros yes people say get surfing
Cincinnati Dayton area see this one we
need like beach toys throwing at him
yeah you do that burger I throw you at
him go just jump just jump in and wreck
em beach whale do it fresh water I'll
give you up so right now large pizza
dude I understand that goal and right
thing
thanks the boogie boarding part is fun
come on Dale you got this get it get in
that way bro he's got it he's got it
there it is there it is hey come towards
me oh hey Jenna front flip look and then
you just see these nice answer so do I
want to start
really nursing locked out of my knees
them I can get straight I can ride it so
I went in a discipline determined dude I
got no energy left
I need a few to do up I got to do
something to get a peaceful so I can eat
some for maybe five seconds I came into
the entire I took it now I don't have
another question Abba I'm so friggin
exhausted like a filament throw up Paul
look hey I'm putting on a skirt that's
perfect okay and he is going to base
don't go over you can go over yeah yeah
yeah oh it's like you're being bored and
then pull it up a little okay so he's
gonna put me in his dog what is it's
just a kayak what is this - perfect I'm
super sentai actual one time and he is
going to basically slip up in there it's
like the f-15 of kayaks broman is
getting ready before I God like this
where my gear sorry safety first that
hair is like a little airbags all about
looks and love laws you know like look
like that that's Fabio or Roman
oh hi I didn't know if you notice he's
standing over here with a sunshine
listening I can't believe it's not
butter nice
for the record Roman said if he dies I
get all stuff this is admissible in
court
so yay the taught us all enter one is
the tallest waterfall in the world a
large town oh it's like waterfall
I believe this fountain I DEP that is
amiss fall oh I believe that when he
said father like a key Niagara Falls not
correct and that's going up at the heart
of
whoo yeah yeah yeah yeah Point Break
here we go here we go here we go one
more time everybody season
try to close sandy look guys this might
be a good time to introduce one of my
cameraman his name is Nate he's
beautiful intimidated by Nate Oh like
you kind of I know how to I think he's
trying to mow your grass it's kind of
like what I would see you doing like
you'd be out there no shirt
let me show up everywhere you took up in
an airport did ask for pizza but that
right there is a work of art and I can
appreciate art what do you think of the
water man
I tried so it's a very deep lemon it
needs lemon in line I drank so I try to
swallow that water I tried my best to
film it I start pregnant now I think
there's a baby in here somehow well you
look about eight months pregnant oh
there came off so I'm going to tell you
this right now I tried my best to film
everybody was grabbing my camera trying
to help film it was a really hard
environment to get footage so I hope
whatever I did get is okay for you guys
we had a lot of fun I swallowed so much
that water I think I'm gonna be sick it
was great is that not you don't you guys
don't drink the water every day I mean
you know you know what what last week I
had a sip you had a sales okay no mine
was accidental I fell in in and went up
now I feel sick yeah it against the
things oh no he said it'll get me sick
okay so what did you think of that man
what did you think of the river stuff I
had a good it was wrong yeah it was like
I wish you would have tried like it was
exhausting I was so tired what is that
what is that 50 dollar parking ticket
for a four dollar spa wait who got it
took the four dollar is that off this is
your your nah wait we got it Ricky where
you hope the money no payment for
parking you came in both money from on
no but you gotta take it on your call
in with this yeah we pushed it in you
did yeah are you sure you got all the
way in hive is it did you put all the
money in listen not only and why's your
pockets full of candy
what you doing somebody that is really
really aren't icky thunder for silver oh
that's it you know what that's not
messed up hey : hi here I won't tell
them they got a phone number we got a
phone number three part tell them to
come down here open up number four it
show us our money - say he brought quite
what I said good the money wait what's
this hey I'm right here what's this
license number of space 8 y'all messing
with me yo that's that first one you
don't usually fall for things doctor
store though I was viciously
that's John's ticket you really got a
ticket oh he put it on our card
oh and when you ran to get my bag and
put it on our car I was a good one dude
that was a good one it was one one
thing's for sure dating your beautiful
this was believed that it's pretty place
man they're still down there what are
you doing chase we're leaving them great
romantic country just went in the store
and we just took their vehicle oh my
girls quick flashing lights you're
showing where they were at oh my gosh
you've never pranked before wait we
can't we can't let them see the car we
got to get out of the car now we've got
to back it up we got to back it up it's
gotta back it up and then we got to hide
behind that dumpster
you
you just sitting there
they think it's some kind of game oh
they think this is some kind of game
they think it's some kind of game it's
super zoom they think they're so
relaxing
Oh their car can just disappear and it's
a prank they don't know it's not stolen
and then just chillaxing up there where
you guys day we're waiting for you all
night
man yo yo yo I just gonna have to to our
six I got new c1 on here I don't feel
good you guys left I gotta say right
there immediately I feel good
 you said you can be right there cuz
you're doing a great job I can leave for
10 minutes because do your food would
you do hi Jackson it was oh you guys
were gone so long that I was like all
right jokes over maybe something
actually wrong
hey arms kept saying no no it'll be
funny it'll be funny and I'm like I
don't know he's always do your comedy go
along it Jo was like yo look watch this
and then there's me the greatest joke
everybody walked on the wheel you must
have been in on the judge you were like
let's do it and in dad's I hear like -
only my baby boy right that what you
said I'd like someone stole the car
don't why I was in it we got to make an
emergency stop because country had a but
he's already making very miss yo-yo it
happens it happens to all of us man
Kevin stop show me let me see don't wait
to show the world all right I'll tell
them that it's not what it looks like
it's a rookie mistake
Lizzy oh my gosh dude we could have
stopped the restaurant look look right
there all right working home my throat
and nose is like shutting what is
happening to me at every stop dirty
river every time I get in water man I
get sick country
I got today's pay bro yo I know you put
a little overtime today they got you the
crunching shoes there go let's
so this is like Chris well Lucy made it
back to my look he leaves my door open
it's not even shut country I might need
your putting double overtime today might
need to take somebody out man we just
how you do that look oh my god I'm gonna
check this whole car for problems dude
look at all these fingerprints Bros or
fousey printers or paul french fries
those are at all he was eating junk food
and you know what it's junk beep text me
and said he was going to get it all hand
washed for making it pop dude he didn't
even oh my gosh look at this giant tent
in my backyard really like a circus yo
real quick can you hear me yeah I just
want to thank you personally come here
I'm gonna I want to just should we all
say him I need me something yes pursue
no I just want to thank you why for
washing my car it looks amazing
I didn't wash it hold it up dad it was a
good job thanks dude what's happening
man
we're just dick take them out question
what was left as I thought my
passenger-side door was open yeah
my car's dirty although there's paw
prints all over it
take it out what happened
don't don't you ever tried I'm full of
Laura I'm her and you can you hear it
what I'm different you do I sound stuff
al up again you're not been fighting
it's like every other week but I just
got the coolest gift ever guys check
this out
inside inside this letter it reads Roman
beep Father's Day from the team at
SeatGeek please enjoy these tickets to
pilot how excited are you
hang on hang on it gets better because
it says please enjoy these tickets to 21
pilots with your family and friends love
to explore I tried to get a hold you
guys like a bat unless it's never
happens to SeatGeek
hooking it up we get to go see 21 pilots
because I know that shows sold out
alright so here let me keep reading we
would also like to give your fans in
quotations the best fans in the world
$20 off any see each purchase when they
download the app and use the promo code
roman ro ma n now I have it all
capitalized letters are om a.m. so I'm
assuming put it in just like that and it
says smile more team seeking that is
freaking sweet dude 20 tickets to twenty
one pilots maybe we get one away I think
that would be the perfect thing to do
woo here's the only problem with that
because everybody all of us I'm gonna
have new friends now people find out I
have 22 em I have new friends like you
roll away great there's only there's
only three the other 17 behind your back
so a huge shout out feat geek um that's
amazing super awesome gift in there
hooking you guys up with $20 off any CD
purchase when you download the app and
use the problem if it sounds easy that
sounds as easy to get downloads are out
guys I'll put on right yeah and use
promo code Roman make sure use the code
cuz I'm gonna feel bad if you download
the app and you buy tickets $20 off any
geek purchase when you use the app and
use the promo code so that's a cute
$20 off it's huge right to turn and
children sucks is actually really good
it is you shout out Fiji thank you for
the Father's Day gift and you guys could
also get your father something for
Father's Day and maybe a digital guys go
on your phone download the SeatGeek
app get your tickets $20 off use promo
code Roman I'll put the link in my
description click it check it out love
you guys so much I got to God did you
build that today I love it's like the
Cata killer you bought it with your
money
hey I literally cannot get fit came you
cannot let me get sick this I've been
fighting it for like two weeks now like
I really have loved you guys so much
gonna end this blog thanks for hanging
out with us today I'm not exactly sure
what I got on camera Cain you should
take the camera off you should take the
care much mom you just came blog with
you love you guys so much I see you ever
I see you up there I know let's go let's
go we'll see you guys tomorrow you're
beautiful you are one-of-a-kind
mom
you
