and also that house I can talk like
money right now welcome to the vlog guys
we are under a severe weather advisory
what does that mean Ohio look at my lens
from going from that's how humid it is
look at that baby belly oh my gosh honey
anyway guys welcome welcome
Phoebe donkeys look at them look at
these two donkeys fine it touched a film
today I feel intense it's gonna be the
day we're gonna be in a nice
thunderstorm baby comes during a
thunderstorm ski look like a movie scene
like dr. Sun dancer thunder lightning
she's coming yes even Breeland
if you remember last time we got a storm
this tent not this one this is another
one got completely destroyed so I
figured right now probably good time to
just take this guy down we learned our
lesson last time didn't we we got to cut
these down during storms maybe I'll
catch a tornado of always one to catch
in the vlog like that's a goal like I
want to go swimming you guys are no I
want your storm chasing I got something
let's do it first like now not not today
I mean like eventually I want to do it
you know what you're doing here Bank
donkey wants to help good
don't Gyan a help on did I need help
hi Daddy Foley well son protect you from
storm okay let me just go rebuild this
over top of you well that was easy
tonight you guys didn't do that last
time this one's not taking this town
long time we lost enough good tents out
there what are you doing flashy between
you and me I think you should go in this
time I really do I really do think you
should go and look at them he gets
rained on and then he rolls in the mud
and he loves it he hates when you take
the mud off he sleeps under the porch
he's got a barn that he can go in but
when it rains for some reason he stands
in the rain and he doesn't move he just
stands in it I don't seems to enjoy it
there's rain and then there's this which
we're about to get pounded pretty hard
so let's just go in dude I know you
don't want to go and stop I'm gonna put
you in you got to like just let it bleed
on me I'll let it rain on him he just
got to go in he's got a
got a pinata this place about Allah but
now I know now I don't look good
is it it look at that I'm starting to
get really windy oh this is gonna blow
it what its gonna come down boys go
bread the donkey come on no he is going
son
it's a twister it's a twister
whoo-hoo-hoo soaking our shoes on I know
you have shoes on it's about the pound
whoa fortunately inside the barn I have
shoes on I just ran out here to help you
but not your rafts trying to come and
look at the duck what are the Dutch
little ducky Momo hang in there little
guy hang in there
oh there goes your I got to go out I
gotta set the dormant slot
like up on this side or that side oh I
would go from this side very well
magnificent blue there oh why is he /
that's not look he knows he's in trouble
well that's not your business well I
never thought we'd be stuck in the barn
with the animals they got to be happy
right now I'm telling you dog I swear
donkey loves the rain but this is this
is next-level rain this is like a
whiteout please like now on say now
maybe you could sense it like this is
this is it look at it now it's crazy
awesome I mean I enjoy this stuff
all right this is our chance this is our
moment psych
yeah I'm kidding oh girl break go go oh
my gonna hit you take a walk we made it
we made it
you're the power out yeah oh yo it's
nice in the barn oh yes yes
you guys okay I might as well go kick
the generator on
wish me luck buddy look at this shit
hooray for cunt
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
a beautiful day there's so much water
everywhere pools full look at the side
yard oh my gosh I did put shoes on boots
feel like I'm in like survival
apocalypse I almost got it we've almost
got it guys it's the wrong at the wrong
pieces I have half amp fuses it looks
like a piece of your hair even thinner
than a piece of your hair and we need 15
15 15 amp fuses we need 15 pieces so I'm
on it perfect time to build Legos and
this is the perfect no power no
electronics
somebody lost our pieces to our
helicopter why are you looking at me
like that flash did it flash did it no
why does it dip it we thought yesterday
was a rainy day
we got no power today maybe we should
show what we did last night a little bit
except my phone
that's not much just go to our game play
we played some seriously fun a
battleground yesterday we were yam wet
so last night we played with typical
gamer Samara his girlfriend oh my boys
knowing Kane chase was on there did I
miss anybody said everybody so and we
played battlegrounds I opened up a
custom room for just zombies and I we
got to show him a couple highlights that
was such all right it was a blast so
many more so here's a couple clips from
that zombie wait so they're going to go
see us now
oh it's hilarious oh my god oh no God we
got a oh no oh my god where are we going
to jump we need to like be strategic
here
we need put chinky but there's going to
be a thousand something to change
there's going to be so so many yes
they're coming with I bet they were
watching for us y'all look at look up in
the sky all there good turn that was
amazing I feel like we should have done
more looting
let's play some let's play some bumper
pull what are you doing where are the
zombies I feel like this is a trick on
us and there nobody's here there's
coming over the ridge I will be in this
Jeep and leave you all dude where are
they due to the perfect graph there's no
high ground though I want like a tower
to get on look at those that's like
shooting star I've never actually been
to 82 zombies inside this little wire if
any of them minute is done I got a I got
a zombie oh my god look up itself we'll
get in the Jeep get in the Jeep
everybody in the Jeep is amazing shoot
Adam shoot at them shoot them
yes we gotta say them put him out of his
misery
you can save Cain I think we can save
Jane
oh there fortunately I'm going for the
Jeep I'm going for the Jeep you guys are
still alive
wait I can observe all the dot oh you
got a car it's like you know I can
observe all the zombies I can't find you
guys I'll just know alive
oh it's knowing okay you guys know you
should hold still hold still
Oh YouTube oh my gosh you're going to
turn into one of them oh no is the last
one alone okay here we go oh no you had
30 kills holy crap
alright guys thank you so much for
joining us on this current day vlog I
hope you enjoyed all of it the weather
is starting to clear it but I heard
powers not going to be on for a very
long time at least according to the
local police
what it's crazy even with the generator
we don't have internet internet for some
reason not on our stupid generator so
I'm gonna figure out how to upload this
right now sorry for the delay thank you
for the love we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind a
small fire
you
