hey guys welcome to the video I don't
know if this is the vlog today I don't
know if this is a voice still how we
doing baby
how we doing talk to me you have a
contraction I know no I don't well yeah
I am but you see my good look
oh yeah look see how far it is what this
is like a not even like this is like a
one out of a million can charge your
facility it's like nothing so guys
welcome to our video today it's just a
uh I don't know how to explain this this
is like that perfect mood day where it's
just it's sprinkling it's wet it's rainy
as glooming like that indoor family day
man kids playing video games no on the
vibe it's just it's a video game day
maybe that's what it is that's all we do
all day you look so silly Vanilli right
now or I got like a toad or frog that's
some type of reptile ha ha gain what's
up bud how are you you concentrate in
you like this game so I think the most
absolute disappointing part of our
entire day right now is that baby still
not here
I'm just going to say I'm disappointed
I'm really I really thought our now
obviously the baby would be here and
it's not that's crazy
I'm a little happy she's not here what
if I saw have time to try and turn her
around oh yeah she's most curious she
split the wrong leg it's fine I'm
stubborn like yeah baby's fine
it's like you have a lot more back
flavors and like you a lot more back
pain yes
bird what's an inversion like stay on my
head stand on your head you keep stand
on your head right from the couch huh
here help me try it that's great we have
to help me what do I do
hold your feet look you like on my back
okay all right yeah let's see it are you
laying there like oh yeah no like you
over here oh my god anyway it's no it's
the world's ready for that imagine this
little girl watching these videos 20
years from now thank you that's kind of
Peary I know it's like the things we did
and waited for me she flip she flipped
like that just just on cute I'm gonna
get this list by the way my tan line
first of all super bad but it won't go
away I haven't worn a hat outside for
like at least today bulk it is a nice
balloon it's a nice day just like grab
your favorite blanket put in your
favorite movies and just movie and
chill thanks flash thanks flash we
should sort of mean things flush
everything planned imagine anything that
goes wrong
look what flash did let's do that so
this a picture of something that went
wrong and you said look what flash did
that's that's what we're going to do for
now and then we're gonna start with this
because this really happened honey honey
look well flash did look at that let's
just blame flash for everything guys you
two okay like flash did flash did you
make it rain today country
you got any fit you go on in the fishing
business or what you clean on a tank now
we're Todd its tick-tock
I didn't the tough job no you should get
you should put your head in that feel
oh my camera doesn't worry come on come
on woo
you're so cool love that guy it's a
bunch of them actually slain angel he's
hiding okay there yes look at that fish
dude look at that fish so all back in
all back in stock smile more tie-dye is
back you get a lot more than this time
like a lot more guys no we released
tie-dye took us forever to get this
collection together but it's finally
back in stock hopefully subscriptions to
Denmark sides ahead got extra small on
the kids and then like the 3x I didn't
have any of those laughing so I ordered
them this so we got them yeah so if you
want tie-dye they are back in stock
available now seriously dude seriously
where you don't what are you who do you
you got it stark you just you Jam the
magnet this is a magnet in it this was
it not I'm gonna get this I don't know
man that takes another skill level you
guys all you know what I don't think
I've shared with the amount of damages
guys come here oh good timing I knew you
had it
it smell more hilarious guys like I feel
like one day I should just film the
whole day a smile more like the things
that go on instead of us work you can
have your own show in the smile more
stupid fixes
gosh I had to do it you'd do it to me so
what are you playing what is it ah is it
it's hard I've never played it I've been
hooked you guys know I've been hooked on
battlegrounds actually just about
everybody I know has been really digging
battlegrounds but even I've seen your
his name pops up on my computer when
he's playing and I see rough now like
what is that so this is it you like
survive is online you just play by
yourself
I think it's just give me one of them
days we just chill like actually get
some like family game time that sounds
so good to me was it some so good is
that me being later do I actually just
want to place a cane thank you every go
this is my body being like just do
nothing or you know I mean I don't know
dad's gone crazy
gumpa didn't dump them better than them
you have fun buddy I love you
wow you shootin balls is that a plunger
what are you shooting oh it is a plunger
hmm we got a hook our donkey of who will
not go inside he's now got a barn that
he can go inside doors open he's got a
porch that he can go under he's got
coverage everywhere and he I'm really
beginning to think he enjoys the rain
cuz he just stands in it what's up dude
you just don't care look what I got you
look what I got you mmm you crazy dog
get it you gotta bite it bite it dude
you just want the whole carrot there you
go you white flash you won't bite I know
you love carrots
you know weirdest dog in the world dude
our trees all bloomed look at this tree
it's like the prettiest tree on our
property yeah I got this
even rainy and wet oh thanks pretty
there we go there we go you look pretty
as a princess girl be careful
you gotta pee or you hold up we can look
at so today is today's kind of just a
jump on here say hello type of video
guys we are going to we're going to hang
out in the rain play some video games
and just I don't know I'm a depressed
I'm gonna sleep more and rest you can do
whatever you want that's the thing about
today you just do whatever you want the
rain just makes you wanna learn man I
gotta I gotta continue filming which is
weird to have another vlog thanks for
hanging out guys be you know the streaks
still going and that's a little bit of a
pressure that I'm undergoing right now
especially was like maybe like today I'd
probably just skip today but I feel like
it's good pressure it's like even if it
is us just saying hello we're saying hi
to you guys it is better than not
uploading at all I think so
you gonna eat bananas a little boy how
come you don't tan line it is what it is
and I like to hike the hype of this baby
I even I have just lost like when she
says anything now so yeah right like you
boy the tread will either boy - Craig
walk right now the girl incredible your
donkey so we love you guys so much I'm
boring exciting huge explosive you guys
are here thank you so much for that I
guess that's what part of vlogging is
it's just what we're doing so today is
actually more of an accurate day I
realized so we love you guys I'm going
to eat alkenes bananas and we will see
you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
don't forget how important you are you
are somebody's reason to smile so keep
moving forward keep it up see you
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind mom more nobody did it with me
you
