oh look at the love look at the love can
I get a hug I gotta go I'll be right
back so everything he does in the market
today means she starts moving
really mm-hmm every time you I love you
warm your skin is like a fireball mm I
love you
I like obviously you soon I hear you
talking
look at this lazy pup playing this lazy
dog I am am pyre hi bud okay guys so
today I'm gonna I'm gonna try my best to
help explain what I'm doing right now
we're up at Children's Hospital
yesterday throughout the day I got just
a ton of tweets emails even from friends
that I really haven't spoke to for a
while they were sending me this Facebook
post of a boy who's undergoing surgery
and just fighting with cancer and his
mother had filmed him watching one of my
blogs but he cut open his eyes he could
only the doctor said he could only hear
his mom plays one of my blogs and he
attempts to open his eyes and it was
just a huge it is beautiful and he
happened to just get transferred to
Columbus Ohio so I said the first thing
today I'm gonna go to Columbus and see
this boys
Oh
family is everything and I get just
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of
stories like this all the time and my
hometown today I just couldn't resist
stopping anything that I'm doing and
figuring this out today so we're here I
don't know how much of it I'll film or
family even once a month them so forgive
me if I skip through this but I brought
them a whole small more backpack full of
goodies and we're going to go say hi to
them and see we can get him on his feet
man he's just not feeling well so I got
my man Candyman with me check out the
crane they got in here man they're
pretty does it urgent there's another
one up here white being at the hospital
coming to hospitals it's not something
anybody likes to do but having the
opportunity to do it to help a family or
help a kid is something that I think
everything that I do in my entire career
it's one of the highlights of the things
I can to do and try to do it's actually
super hard for me to explain it I don't
know how to even speak about it but just
knowing that you have a chance to
potentially better somebody is a great
feeling
yo man it's really a big picture oh man
you guys do whatever you like video got
me very quickly yeah and it was a race
to get here so we try our best so you
look awesome today in the video what was
going on with yourself yeah
that was him yesterday morning yeah he
spent about 24 hours on the bed but they
told us yesterday morning they were like
to him or we handed down
he is so did but he can still hear you
talk to us carry books to a member or
whatever about a sounds like
like yeah so could you hear oh we can
hear the vlog and you're awesome man
what a chance there as soon as I turned
it on
like any heard your voices I started
trying to eponym so then we're like okay
you can't get like beautiful wait does
like the free veneers please oh man
meet Holden he is a rock star you're
gonna kick this thing's but and I gotta
show you all the it is basically fan
letters okay this is just from yesterday
these are called ecards and people send
them to him basically get well and just
nice letters and did your rock star I
cannot believe this
I don't get this kind of all you like
Kane you know King farts a lot
he's a yeah yeah I bet you didn't know
that in those videos reason it's even
worse give me a loud one oh my gosh he
oh that's what Kane does without the
straw you just put the straw it is
orbiting can make fart sounds huh got my
phone number you can call me anytime
facetiming text me Facebook me Instagram
Twitter whatever you do don't smile so
ah no you can't look let's try again no
smiling Eddie I'm on straight page
reading straight face straight face
alright guys mellow holding buddy left
me a little speechless in there I what
an inspiration are so inspiring to me to
see that boy it just it's it's such a
hard topic to discuss country I just got
had an honor to meet you buddy a
personal message to you thank you for
motivating me and hopefully all my
viewers today you just it's just so
important for us to always keep going
you are so strong you are the toughest
little boy ever six years old and you
are ready to conquer this I'm sending
you an RCS when you get on your feet you
have something to play with and you're
coming to my house as soon as you get
better we are on the move country and I
are looking for a coal supply place
which I've never been to we're trying to
find shock for the pool it's going to
get green if I don't put some chemicals
in there it's a salt pool and I really
don't know how to stuff work so
basically learning right now looks like
somebody's apartment this is a pole
company I'll put both company in my GPS
this is
we just ended up at somebody's apartment
how am I supposed to take care of pool
again find spot it'll work man
yesterday was absolutely not yesterday
when I got home was crazy our a/c unit
like it does every single year as soon
as it hits 90 degrees outside it goes
out we have these giant fans in here we
have fans all over I slept with this guy
directly on more on Britt because she's
praying and she runs like super hot I'm
not kidding even when it's cold in here
she's like it's aha you know when you're
outside to cool off that it's hot inside
you know Bill's coming to save the day
he brought what he did this thing is
just liked it for a whole skyscraper
isn't it it's like what you see on top
of a building he basically has just
brought us a temporary air conditioner
that's going to help keep this house
closed right now it's crazy I did shock
the pool and it looks crystal clear look
at that chase wasn't even here for that
I poured the job I'm proud I poured them
barrels it which I didn't know it's
basically bleach I'm sitting there
dumping it in the pool not paying
attention my clothes would just all
believe style yeah every little drop
that hit me please believe me major
anxiety look I thought we could do that
she long crazy she's being all nuts
looks like you're smuggling watermelons
in the desert hmm it does look like a
waterfall is that green shirt are we
going to film for one minute intial
seaweed a screencap that don't even look
like oh it's rolling around it's my
treat whoa so get me out of here so
hungry
a little man what's my buddy doing on LA
so basically it was a little weird
evening last night we got home no a/c
which was at the end of the world it was
just hot in here was that one of the
hottest days yesterday but we did take
it I did hook up check this out slowly
getting there hooked up the camera got
my OBS working I actually attempted to
record some gameplay we played
battlegrounds Kane I was rocking it out
and nail jumped in later
basically I didn't record it for
vlogging but I did record it too
this so here's what it looks like I
think we're close yeah get them boys
going to come in here and roast our
potatoes here you go
got him yeah Ludum do we took the whole
team out just stay really quiet we can
ice these deadbeats whole crap climb in
here Kane guiding Kane you're dead
crawling laughing off to action here oh
I just got three kills holy slugs to
kill oh my gosh their whole team came up
instead didn't kill me so I think we're
close the only thing that I noticed
maybe you guys definitely will probably
know better than me the only thing I
noticed is my camera screen is a little
like it seems choppy or delayed so I
don't know how to make them settings
happen but maybe chase will help me with
that that's a quick little gameplay test
test for potential gaming videos because
I'm excited the kids are getting the age
where they just want to play video games
so why not incorporate it pregnancy is
taking over I'm not loving is blurry
yeah like you look like you just fell
from the sky I feel like I'm melting
I was just so when these fans aren't
cutting it it's 80 degrees in here it
was 82 and I went to bed last night and
such as so it's comfortable that's nice
I grew up without AC at all our house
never had a CEO to carry none no a/c so
when you were up but you're pregnant so
I'm like trying to have sympathy I'm
like it is hot here it is hot here
I'm not pregnant try to understand
because me one bed last night yeah it's
hot but like that's how that's how I
grew up like did you guys always
your windows open as a different day and
age now you can just leave doors and
what does open crazy okay so little
current day vlog for you I'm so sorry
that I kind of failed filming all day
yesterday but I had a great time hooking
all this stuff up with Kane and we
played some games and it was good it was
great I know a lot of you guys have been
like in the current day vlog so let's
get back on schedule today is going to
be really really cool and special so I
got to get that started we will see you
tomorrow you're beautiful don't give up
keep going no matter what it is
keep going you'll see tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
mwah
you
