alright guys welcome to the hog arms
body forgive me if my Energy's low today
I'm fighting something serious my
throat's swollen sword better to do it
so good i started River that's because
you've been found me I'm sorry anybody
know where we're still on the road we're
still road tripping if you watch the
last couple vlogs we have been driving
and driving and driving we just stopped
at this giant dragon on the side of the
road
we're in Illinois danger dragon breathes
fire ok looks pretty pretty crazy insert
hook in here bright writing free truck
it's ok we did that how many you have to
put in we've seen the fire dragon if you
guys are local we're going to leave some
coins there for whoever comes next and
that's it at the fire-breathing dragon
here on the side of the road we can hear
there's birds living up in the head of
this thing I wonder what they think when
that thing goes off like a nice little
sauna noise if starting I'm starting to
get why we haven't gotten home yet
because we keep spotting them and all
these crazy things I found something
else in like 45 minutes is a Model T car
me Bob bird says they got Rijal
motorcycles mom teens I don't know ok
guys slowly waking up a little bit my
throat is good like a couple of how long
this in two hours tourists and I'm sorry
guys I'm struggling I woke up and I'm
just so just out of it kind of sick and
I was like no gonna be honest I am
feeling better we're grabbing gas we are
in where we are still in Illinois oh no
no no we're in Indiana Indiana Indiana
eleanor's we're having a great time I've
had so much fun with everybody crunching
Dale chase and John flew in this morning
II made a home which is great and we're
getting gas gonna grab since we don't
max we got some nice look at our cooler
dude look at this it is so currently
this we have so much stuff just non-stop
p.m. we're stopping it we're stopping to
pee every five minutes
let's get tellingly put things on that
lacks in it if the handle is green why
do they make it green greens always
diesel where we live
I just put diesel in the car
hahaha I just put diesel hey what
happens if we pump diesel in the car on
accident I'm serious dude if you really
do that and kiss the handles green they
where we live and it's black here where
is your head see really serious
fireworks we got you guys we'll need
some fireworks
look buy one get three that's a deal
Indianapolis oh man we got stories here
Dale and I had a booth at work for 2006
remember that do you remember that oh
man well I'm gonna go what do we do
about 40 states in 50 days it was crazy
it was something like that
we've arrived at the Columbus Airport
where we got to get our cars returned
this rental car and head home
to place much promise video games you
know the last two days I haven't been
with Kane he has just asked me when I
get home to play nothing but video games
with him and kinda sounds great that's
what we're doing I'm going to go on gain
in with these guys and no stomach was
hurting really bad last night and I
didn't have a spinner so I bought it to
the gas station pretty off the right
really kept them busy out it's legit
helping keep his mind off the
stomachache so we have accumulated so
much stuff on this trip dude so much
skip what is that all the chips that and
stuff can't answer did you wanna throw
that away here's how you had it got in
my sock yo cooler bomb not cool not cool
a nice job with that cooler bra y'all I
had to pee two hours ago now struck wet
soft if you got wet side hi Dale drive
it like you stole it let's all the very
last car ride until we are a home gonna
go see Brit and Kane you played some
games and just hang out no more cars
today no
home home home feel the dry land oh dude
dear Brizzy hi buddy
finally I know it's for everyone see I
see get your hair cut you look like a
rock star hi hi nice shirt
Thanks yeah the gift from Grand Lake no
I missed you guys
hey guess what time it is time to play
video games all night you ready my flash
hi hey well look who it is mr. Empire
and now hey I'm a lot of talk to Empire
- alright not all the love is for flash
we got split it up a little bit hi buddy
oh I feel so good to be able to go all
day it looks so even cleaning even
nesting Wow did your mommy clean or to
just mommy just mom good job oh I missed
you there's a big transformation you
know had an air mattress out here oh
yeah you guys been yeah I know if it had
a little campout smells good too that
candles amazing okay what I need to do
before video games I feel bad I found a
site old Kane since I'm gone I'm going
to come home and play games with you on
Sunday and we got home way later than
expected so we will store up time for
that but we need to get salt in this
pool it's a saltwater pool and if I
don't do it I just feel like you're
gonna have an algae bloom we're gonna
ruin it huh it's subtle agree now what
do you think it's green you guys are you
guys are colorblind that's blue
basically I need to get all the salt in
the pool and I think you're supposed to
Frida's off quick dissolve you just pour
it in I'm just going to pour it and we
can get in mix it up there's still two
bags in there from when you did the
GoPro stuff
who's gonna mix it some before right
here it kind of flows you know what I
mean kind of blows it around yeah I
think we're soft we get in and mix it
all up because I can see it on the on
the bottom now we can get that dolphin
you always dreamed about a little
dolphin in the pool okay here we go we
got all these new some outdoor chairs
and stuff they're not gonna fall on the
floor did I did I dive see ya okay so
literally before I left I was like Cain
I gotta go for a couple days but when I
get back it's me and you Tom we're going
to get back on Sunday we're going to
play video games all day we got back a
little late so we're going to jump on
some player unknown together and a
couple other people are going to come on
with us
ones you gonna play I'm gonna try to
record some but I failed to be able to
figure that out um I have the right
stuff I just know it's good what are you
working on over here mama this works
so hey pretty mama had to move
everything okay they're moving across
the field we got nine alive not a lot of
here they come it's a serious battle cry
not seven alive he's so concentrated
okay he's right over top of that guy
thanks they're alive
it's a lot of there's three of us
there's three of them oh there's a guy
right there
Oh knows came down to Oh No number two
ah we were so close dude oh man there
was only one guy left as me and him dang
that's all right we did good here class
we did good your tan line it looks like
turn that way it looks like like dirt
what happened
what is it this entire bottle style
welcome to the laundry room ah did you
feel better I'm not here just yet China
just fell fell fell why ha ha ha okay
did you watch the vlog that was posted
today no okay then I got you liquid
Smarties yeah we found about this Johnny
wasn't drunk any Thor and I had liquid
Smarties I had to get it try it
not really I don't even care for
Smarties that much I know you love them
what flavor is it well it is all fibers
of my hair he did whoa foam slogan smell
like Smarties yeah edible yeah yes it's
eatable try it let's win your job
doesn't taste like Smarties really dang
it
tastes like something sour I did I
thought of you guys that he's going to
do it for us today thanks for coming
home with us join us on our trip is
quite cool thinking about all the things
that happen to what we did even on
camera it's just ridiculous glad we made
it home safe thanks again for joining us
you guys are amazing playing games all
night with the kids nose upstairs came
here chases on we're all playing in one
room together and we're having a blast
so that's where we're going to leave it
we love you we'll see you tomorrow
you are absolutely beautiful don't
forget to smile more
oh and your one-of-a-kind
you
