all right is there any chance in the
next 20 30 minutes you're going to have
her no not the excellent is not going to
happen so you run outside is no I think
the percent is like not even there no
yeah that works out that works out
really good because I gotta run outside
things making a crazy noise you hear
this oh it's just pump mm-hmm this guys
try to tell me how the tank looks so
beautiful today
look at that reef imagine little baby
girl laying right here looking up in
that like that's the TV right there
she's gonna be watching oh I thought you
come fit it to the door alright I gotta
roll out real quick outside you in with
me
crazy eyes huh look at this crazy woman
I don't know I'm gonna go get this stuff
out of the yard we got stuff in the yard
with no flash what's up baby where's
where's them
where's Empire heirs Empire hanging out
by my garage places trash by the way I
gotta show you what donkeys been doing
you want to show him or should I huh no
go ahead and tell him I don't have
carrots I don't have any carrots
come on a song come on luck alright guys
this is great what are you talking about
oh I don't even what you're saying
so donkey has removed all the lattice
under the porch and he hangs out under
here and there's proof look at a hoop
look at the hoofprints where'd you get
that idea from flash huh
you don't want always hanging out under
the porch I will catch it on film but
it's true you mister okay so I need a
caterpillar out because attractors went
rexes do they left me a couple ramps and
one is out there in that yard and you
need actual Forks to pick it up is it so
big and awkward so much I'll do that
real quick while Brittany is not in
labor and I guess I got some stuff to
move he's just gonna follow me around
all day huh oh you're cool and I love
you definitely guys I cannot make this
up when we got this garage I thought
that it was gonna like I would never
need any more space when we built smile
more when we built this place it was so
big to us there was no way we could ever
fill it like in my mind it was it was
the place and now everything's full SMAW
was for the upstairs
completely for in fact the builders that
are building my towers and docks they
built this building and they went
upstairs and said you cannot put another
thing up here it is not rated for this
kind of way peuta Gras I mean I mean
it's great to grow but now when I need
something like that I got a got to move
stuff I just think accumulate in front
of here like I know that is a muddy RC
truck
holy smokes I think that about do it
right there
sure let's go pick this thing up up this
ramp is huge I've even showed you guys
this I just looked at that guy Hungary
took these Forks out baby
oh the side yard looks crazy haha okay
so somehow this thing got knocked over
but this is a massive massive ramp leave
it yeah we should Kelly helpful would
that be right there what do we do now no
like detective or anything but I think
just judging by this look and this look
I can see how this got knocked over oh
it's right here guys need mouse this is
what I call the RC killer like this this
is how you destroy all your favorite RC
truck I don't even know how I feel but I
love Marcy's this thing is look evil
evil alright sit her down haha I feel
like we almost have to test it you know
what I mean
it's like we got to way over my head
literally way over my head my head only
comes thing here how do you land I don't
understand flesh of your photo bombing
me give me the smallest frog I've ever
seen a frog nope oh my gosh I have never
seen a to this law what like a little
spider run little better
he's so little look a little is andrew
my life never in my life have I thought
about how small frog starts that's crazy
oh I just ran him all more I'm kidding
there's a bird stuck in here there's a
birth that riveting oh come and you can
beat yourself up there's a screen in
there then how do birds find their way
in the place is so easy but they can't
find their way out like we used to get
them in our school and they'd smack the
windows so sad
come on baby em yeah dude there's a bird
in your house there's a burnt you can't
even find your way in you can't find his
way out
come on buddy come on buddy I must go in
let's do it manually we have to do this
art there he goes right Empire's not oh
would I get for you look come off and
see ya
you guys imagine being happy with a
speck of straw hey whatever it's called
like look at happy you're just digging
in mmm mmm I don't know I feel like life
would be easier if we could just eat a
snack a straw tater tops hey take tater
to order to micro ones to think it's
super crispy whoo all right whoo
almost okay ah my mom is a you're to Zoe
like burnt your mouth and updates plus
any updates
don't keep what is you do it you just
came out from my porch doggy don't want
to capture that on
boom so I was just about to destroy
every RC I have with that giant ramp
behind us before these tater tots were
huh
thumbs up them you saved it you saved
our season with Tater Tot yeah
I thought it was supposed to go always
we need long what that isn't always just
ran the other way
No mm-hmm-hmm he's baby you ate a lot
look at your belly oh my god
seriously though we need an update like
give us something you gotta have
something for me it's not me you're
waiting on okay we finished with dinner
we're going to go out and unfortunately
it's getting dark so fast ah take a
little walk try to get this baby baby
going oh the love touch boys so although
we've been doing tons of walking and
hiking and moving supposed to be really
good to get that baby on this us maybe
everything we thought was good isn't
maybe he's been doing that a lot well I
am he just came right up and back stuff
so maybe maybe everything we've been
told to do awesome leap I thought I was
a mouse in there maybe all these ideas
aren't really what you this is me doing
is like holding a love can he get down
these stuffs I don't know he freaks me
out of here watch out watch out watch
out watch out come on out
can you come oh my gosh hold on so here
we go come here flash drop it look at
that face look at that face you know
somebody sent us these and you destroy
them drop them drop it drop good boy Oh
such a good listener such a good
listener drop it no no pull Akane look
how strong he is
you're a punk you're pouring any Punk oh
you got one too
I saw that I saw that so Monday all of
our rails are going in for this Tower
this is gonna be sweet
no it's so much different once you get
off here like it you feel so high off
the ground
Oh ever jump from you're never gonna
jump I can't wait do I bring a bike up
here and jump it's gonna be a blast
I cannot wait it taking a little a
little family walk here and the donkey
in Flast is coming with us so funny get
it get it look oh my gosh
baby no baby baby a new attraction right
now kids oh jeez oh jeez I'm blocking
the light this flash ones then dong he's
thinking about it he wants to don't do
it up just waiting for the right moment
the right moment to take those chairs on
chairs stairs won't keep young dress put
the sweater on I was freezing down like
high what its way warmer outside and I
thought you needed to know that a spouse
with me bounce with me Kenya Kenya Kenya
bounce with me bounce with me that's
true it's only a Halfmoon alot pregnant
women have their babies on full moons
that's not till July night you
absolutely cannot go through so fucking
naughty
that is bad written all over it
Oh Mon yeah did that tell us about I
feel like our lives have been on pause
with this baby like we're just waiting
day after day after day after day it's
today it's not Tate's not today it's not
it's crazy you guys think the vlogs are
weird right now our life is weird right
now it is crazy unexplainable I just
can't explain it I can't explain this
but please just plant a permanent game
of leapfrog me
and sorry there is a big part of me that
wants to continue this vlog in the
current day in case something happens
tonight but the more I think about it
even if you were which I don't think you
are tonight even if you did I feel like
it would take me more than tonight or
tomorrow to edit it all anyway so this
vlog might as well end here and if
something did happen tonight I would
have all tomorrow to put that together
for you guys so that would be that's
going to be tricky on the on the time
you know what I mean to line that up
right so that's going to be tricky one
I'm not going to worry about it though
whatever happens happens and we'll get
it we'll get it eventually
how's that cookie all right enjoy them
cookies what's that if that's that being
said this is kind of our day like we've
no joke been sitting in this house is
kind of driving me now I'm an auntie
person I like to move a lot and this has
really gotten me uh I don't even know
what to say what does that ball popped
right now ah you haven't a bad
contraction yeah
oh my gosh I don't know how you're doing
it it's been like a solid week of that
you guys are now I have to tell you it's
been like this is crazy
apparently though it's pretty common on
the second baby but it means a quicker
labor so all this that she's gone
through and oh hope of course hopefully
thank you guys for being here we love
you so much
truly we hope and pray all day and night
that this baby just gets here healthy
and safe that's the only important thing
right now in our life is like just get
here whatever it takes I'm getting
impatient though alright you guys I know
you guys are this is getting ridiculous
like I can't even every time I upload a
vlog I'm like this is ridiculous
like I feel like just going dark for a
week or two until this baby comes of
Fleeshman
oh I love you guys I'm going crazy we'll
see you tomorrow you're beautiful thank
you for all the support I'm going to end
this with one funny thing last few days
ago I asked you guys what get maybe a
week ago I asked you what day you think
the baby will coming everybody that put
July dates I laugh because
like they're so wrong it can't happen in
July and here we are in July and I'm
eating my words who's laughing now maybe
I know I don't love it's the only day
but he doesn't want a foot sled baby
because her mom's birthday yeah and it's
like everyone's always busy for the
fourth of July
yeah and it's an excuse to party it's
like no I don't want my baby girl party
on our birthday you stay home I think
you gotta go we gotta go
I love you guys so much thanks for
hanging out with us you're beautiful
truly one-of-a-kind smile more
you
