alright guys welcome welcome to the vlog
I am stepping out for very briefly as
you get in our situation we are waiting
on our baby girl to arrive on planet
earth and it is July 1st and she's still
not here it's a start little over didn't
so here's I thought today it's been very
difficult to just vlog like go out blog
and do things with Britney's taking a
nap most take that nap my brother called
and said hey I have this bulletproof
glass like legit glass that's
bulletproof so I said I'm coming over so
when your brother calls and he says he's
got bulletproof glass you kind of want
to check it out oh my jennife is insane
it's really bulletproof the guy said it
was a military project and this was the
scrap left over it is so thick Wow yeah
that's at least like an Internet tab
maybe one inch and a quarter what is
they use for like bank tellers Humvees
big bank tellers so my head instantly
goes to let's put a camera behind it
right like under and then we shoot at
the camera my or something valuable I
was thinking like you would want to
stand behind it oh you're through so
here's a smaller piece that's been hit
with a 3's 383 that's where they told me
it didn't nothing I mean literally
nothing
let's test on this one first yeah yeah
let's not waste this guy who what are
you sticking the GoPro behind it as well
right that could be sweet we have to do
something now what are your thoughts
because I've never shot bulletproof
glass but I mean I think it's dangerous
but let's reflect off while we're going
to shoot on an angle like this but then
do that but then there's the bullet have
the stopping power man not a gray dawn
hat I don't know only time maybe we
should rig up guns on rope so we can
pull the strings on that before yeah
yeah watch out for the poison ivy oak
sumac vipers timber rattlers hyper
snapping venomous Turtles I'm not bad
right there we slide this over ya slide
it over we'll keep it in that clean spot
how do you go you never thought I'd say
this but aim for the GoPro
Crisco space you guys we got just a hair
of time we're going to test this glass
out with a few different scenarios and a
GoPro obviously for you guys all right
we're going to start with a 9-mil little
mp5 action and work our way up and
that's going to hit harder than a
regular handgun nein so if it'll stop
this will stop any nine handgun true all
right you guys ready in there we're
going to take a few shots and we'll see
what happens hopefully we can hit right
around that lens did that gun sack do
this I'm nervous that bullet deflection
yeah well come sideways all right you're
on this is iron sights - we don't have a
skull or anything you don't need no
stinking scope check on that holy crap
okay that actually went deeper than I
thought it would oh you can't see
through it okay that's not that it did
not did not if we're looking at most of
the outside plot that's how deep you
probably how did you ever city that's
amazing just like this all sort of love
super love yeah Romans boy whoa what's
in there yes whoa he's completely and
it's welded in there really really
lately haha it captured the bullet
welded it so sure that's on the he hick
and then it kept it that is awesome the
trophy like if we could get that laser
cut out yeah I put it on a staff you
figure huh so I know it's hard to see
but it looks like that
is it that's a 9-millimeter round it
looks close to halfway in there really
hard to tell that is wicked that's wild
shall we step it up a hair effects my
girlfriend head just get that try to get
in a blank spot bump bump bump bump bump
the golden 50 caliber Desert Eagle
all let me see how your knife would
outside it Dale got me this matching
knife for my birthday leave that bed
it's perfect sweet okay so to give you
an idea what we were just shooting
against that glass is right there we're
going to move up this is what the it's
so fat though it's not going to plug
here which I sent it halfway through the
woods
oh wow when you see chicks and dudes run
around a movies door welding these
things it's a beast of a gun man it is I
mean in comparison look at the size of
it it's as big as the subcompact that's
a monster and yet it just feels right
this feels right lucky node now one
thing you should know is this gun is
loud it's been so low look at this thing
really like a missile loading up into
that thing oh dang a blistering effect
that is wicked again oh my gosh save the
bullet imagine for like research you can
catch people because their bullets still
in the glass - look at that plug hard to
tell where that Wow
that's not it is gnarly crazy I don't
know I feel like I feel like the AR is
gonna kill your GoPro I don't know if
the a I think dar is going to go right
through it we aim left yeah angle this
left so we'll just catch the that is an
awesome plate dude that is a sick almost
all these bullets were in there you
could just collect bullets that would be
cool but the 380 wasn't enough it just
falls out I mean you might I gotta be
honest dude hold on to that thing I know
I was so busy focused on the plate that
it was just like the first time I shot
this I hit my target and I went through
like two clips that night and I couldn't
hit anything
it'll happen so fast
my GoPro did you blew the glass through
the palate it's Wow neck-and-neck
look at that doubles we hit almost the
identical solo there's no bullet in here
has to be has to be it just flat and
smashed is that metal yeah it's just not
a right
look how flat my bullet is that's your
bullet it's flattened geez how it is
warm that's awesome oh yeah with your
hand behind it you can totally see the
lead those are just lead balls I let's
step it up we got the smaller round but
a high speed round this is a 223 and it
is ballistic that sucker is sharp my
opinion is it's going through you think
I think so
such a little baby round but it is fast
if you don't hit here you're hitting
here which is GoPro hey just so you know
this thing has been sighted in its just
unsighted okay AR verse bulletproof
glass I'm gonna hit my GoPro and one
more that's all pretty sinner is it
going through okay I don't think it's
going through I think so that would run
all right out the back straight that is
how hard it is to stop an AR verse all
then jumbo rounds look at that not only
that at this angle it's going through a
lot more distance straight on it would
even go through easier
maybe we should shoot it this way and
try to go see how deep it goes right
through the GoPro still alive Wow okay
last thing we're going to try is sending
the bullet through long ways no idea if
we're going to hit that but we're going
to try it ready
whoa
dead center look at that so that's how
thick that plate would have to be to
stop a bullet so it would have to be
like four of these things look at that
earthworm jim trying to punch through
there ah it looks like a plant or some
type of tree look how little the
entrance hole is and just opens up that
was impressive Hey
thank you I'll be here all week place
gone get back in that jungle yo whoa oh
my gosh y'all met in the middle
michael lizi shape so wide mine goes so
deep maybe it's not the size of the gun
it's how you use it we're making we're
making guard this is guard
I've got art gun I've got right there is
a guard I got a tiny little hole turns
into this magical Wonderland we're
hitting it kind of in this scene which
is probably a weak spot that's why did
you get this big splatter yeah I
literally move peeling it apart
unbelievable mom there you have it if
you had a sheet of bulletproof glass
this thick it would protect many common
rounds and not the AR nope not the AR
man it's going right through
so should you are you going to sign this
and put it on your store because if you
don't I'm gonna I'm gonna have you sign
in you want the gutter piece I'll have
it on eBay yo you should literally take
this put a frame around it and hang it
on your wall yeah a piece of garter yep
bitch hey okay slightly bummed I shot
everything in 240 for a chance of slo-mo
but I just checked my GoPro when I put
it in 240 had to switch it to 720 for
that framerate but when I switched it to
720 it went to factory 30 frames so I
didn't get slo-mo for you guys that's a
spell to look cool in there would it
look cool although even 240 may not have
been slow enough to capture a bullet
maybe I don't know well I hope you
enjoyed that little segment I'm going to
run back home I think Brittany's up now
and we can we can check on her and see
what the heck's going on can we just
have this baby
guys its July first like work July 1st
is a great day like let's just go which
fuckers who feels good in here check
this out dude that's look this is the
plate we were shooting and those are all
bullet holes and the bullets are still
stuck in there look you see oh that's a
bullet right there is that a boy yeah
both of them that's the big Golden Gun
how you feeling tired you just slap all
night what's wrong with you are you
pregnant I said it's July 4 it's July
1st this baby is still not making a
present and I was like at least this is
our month oh yeah I'm not yeah no matter
what right all right so July at this
point it's a July baby no Matt wow wow
that's crazy so I kind of whenever the
Dales threw together
fun different little video just have
something up today because I know that
it's a struggle right now and hopefully
you guys enjoy it mixed with a little
update here you get a whole table right
here
like you could set things say no one
thanks for hanging out with us today
guys obviously if anything happens I
will be right on Twitter I'm sure Britt
will probably be off the radar but I
will keep you guys updated and if
nothing happens I just I haven't been
posting because nothing's happened so
when it does when it's go time you'll
know time oh that was pie we love you
got anything you want to say towards
Ally baby come on baby now I'm not at
her come on baby I know you can hear me
you need to come off you oh she just
kicked me in the face she's just
exhausted and I'm super pregnant so it
kind of it's just kind of me trying to
keep you guys in the loop we love you
we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you are one of a kind
smile more
you
