welcome welcome to the vlog guys today
is so exciting are you ready
you already take this on it's pretty
cool stuff cane hey I'm gonna come get
you really soon let's get this started
I've been waiting for this day for a
while even though it really has I know
you guys are waiting on like what's
going on in your back yard
what's going on in your side yard it
really has nothing to do with that so
it's like at ease before the storm which
is tomorrow have you ever seen this many
chargers for our C's good timing there
all stopping it's really looking like a
playground my gosh dude that is a lot of
trucks what's up guys Oh John you really
have beets in your mouth how'd you make
that happen
dude when you come to Romans house
dreams come true we got Traxxas here
today what's up guys may remember when I
went to Texas on tour they took me to
their facility and we hydroplane the
flash on their pond and was I the first
to go around the you were the first
Brian here made it across but you were
the first make it all the way around
yes sorry dude so it was complete luck
by the way but they have brought in a
ton of toys you know they do send me a
lot of cool trucks but today they sent
me a red camera which really said I
think yes that's my new blog imagine
blogging with it what up guys I don't
even feel I don't come from a hole in
that camera so let's get down to it what
do we want to do today we have they've
come up they've brought in tons of stuff
and we are going to a attempt to jump
the entire small more building not with
long way searches maybe with a building
80 you got to place your jump and the
landing so you're at like easily a
hundred feet no matter what a hundred
feet you can jump again ah no I'd go for
the ramp missed the ramp go into your
building can I put a hole through it yo
maybe we just go through the window and
outside and I find gotta go pick
something up in the front yard for this
spot how long oh boy look at my property
guys oh my gosh it looks like a city a
little town Grammys junk metal
you've got it yeah oh my gosh it was
made for this truck we got ourselves a
ramp do they ship this in on a semi
truck along with another one that's
going to be used later well you think
that far back they have far back oh my
god how fast you think you're going to
need to be going to clear the building
I like 20 just on yeah man I mean so
like second gear half throttle hits
science this is a lot of math right it's
like the juggernaut from X minutes get
the mass moving nothing slows it down
now we can rerigged new fireworks for
you so it looks like a show when you
land we do this is my debut I want to
probably how I'll die fuck it let's
complete right now am I gonna are we
gonna we're gonna have to push you
lesson I ask for brand new batteries
uh-huh and they said they could control
me and shoot me off this way okay I'm
ready I appreciate all your help no I
don't get paid money this is how I get
paid all right man gotcha dude that's a
big ramp oh my gosh I just thinking our
Internet's going to be in the way but
you guys just rigged it right up
perfect so we've got plenty of trucks
cars to play with we've got this crazy
mega ramp and natan you think they're
going to do it they're pretty much
professionals but that's a huge buildup
car I don't know it's gonna be
experiment yeah about the wind guys so
that's the win Empire you ready you
ready behind the first thing we gotta do
is rig up some cameras and guys believe
it or not the duct tape idea wasn't mine
I've been trying to tell you duct tape
sucks day exactly so uh you guys know in
the past had a hard time getting me
stick on the truck she was like just
duct tape it so that's we're going to do
we're going to shoot 120 probably
sacrifice a camera or two today because
I just want that shot so bad slow-mo
gone over that building or into the side
of my building
either way we want that shot every
wasting time you ready jumps the trucks
are you going to do it you are totally
you totally shit on the car walk out my
guys cast your votes right now is the RC
gonna clear the building is the RC going
to hit my building buff the window take
out some life where
the truck going to go before you watch
the video just put a little comment at
what you think is going to happen
I personally these guys are good like
I've seen them jump some are seasoned
it's impressive so I have a theory
what's your theory it's going to hit the
building going like 100 Mach 5 whatever
I don't ya sound barrier yeah and then
fidgets better explode and they're like
stars ninja stars just hitting people
just epics you want to come in I'm ended
this is how I want to go all right we
got the gopro gimbal on this truck it's
going to chase the other one that's
pretty cool clear the landing strip
clear the runway got the drone running
for you guys you guys know how much I
like RC so I'm kind of like really happy
right now we got a bunch of everybody
that's working over here watching it
would straight you good alright Dale's
gonna go grab the landing I don't ready
when you guys are they're gonna go first
then I'm gonna I'm gonna try it I'm
ready dude watch the speed of this thing
oh my god bro my god
the trucks flying the GoPros gone did it
live holy it is still recording it is
well it's still recording Josh this
thing just went on a trip hey you guys
need me to do it let me give a shot we
might need you to do here's the thing
not only the GoPro survived the truck
survived so we're good to reset and just
try again that's so so nuts man you
already one-up them on the drive around
now it's your turn up one of them going
too over-the-top horsemen so it's all on
me second attempt at the ramp so far
what no there's no slowing down perfect
right so are we in danger Roman biro
here no warm-ups at all I'm just going
to try to hit this ramp but are we are
we are we in danger
yes are you quick yet precision he did
not touch that everyone not always in
what is in the table and the GoPros good
Oh something that's a GoPro no lon we're
still alive dude I can't hit it can't
hit it you gotta do it here all right
man
here's the thing right now we're even
actually you're doing better than me cuz
you've only tried once I got it it seems
so easy I'm telling you it seems so easy
stays that ramp but I haven't even hit
it yet
like the rather needle huh it's so crazy
dude it's deceiving it's like you punch
it at the end then you have no steering
cuz the wheels come up and you just go
where I've got nothing ah feels like
you're riding on paper plates
I already know I already know if you
were here you would do it no problem I
del you want to try it it's so weird I
can how many ramps do I hit no problem
some reason that truck in that ramp is
so hard to hit you going with under the
ramp I don't blame you I felt I felt so
confident temp number four tway I did
three did for this is Fitz attempt first
attempt guys come on we got this as I
hear comes you can hear it screaming oh
no no no okay
good call good job six of them kept
getting a little I'm losing count now we
got to get this and very worth it it's
gonna go through the roof of the
building slash the fish tank
oh boy did it make it but it didn't
clear it ah bless you catch it huh huh
light on the end maybe local coffee he
popped a wheelie on the ramp he's like
going up really I feel like I need more
speed yeah that wheel you did do a
wheelie one another we would have
cleared it I know
hey you hit the ramp though think that
long that was a good one Robin you
should try it
Wendy kill me to ride it yeah wait so
you tell me that's why I couldn't drive
it because that was popped out just
explain to the viewers it wasn't my
fault it wasn't your face I think I'm
not the best I'm not the best at it but
look this is from me hitting the table
and you can still see the paint on the
table in there dude that is so tough
yeah there's been a little bit but it's
still good they'll work him alright guys
we're here shy about 12 feet Dale says
here we go
seventh maybe attempt oh my god
Oh
oh not good not good
where's the truck the truck ran it's
ashamed the truck left he report did it
go there she is
remember we'll get a GoPro still
recording we're still trying it this is
like think number nine eight or nine
here we come pull speed baby oh gee
okay guys here we go wow this thing's so
fast yeah that could be the most air
we've had yet that thing was up there
I'll she's flying oh dang so what are we
thinking man what's the plan
we got the truck going too fast too fast
too furious we need to slow it down a
bit we're going to put these tires on a
different truck and give it another go
because the top speed of that truck is
way more manageable than the top speed
of this truck
cuz I feel like right now we gotta
redeem ourselves there's a lot of people
watching right now and we're failing
that now here's the truth
tails are always funny they are all like
if we just did that first try who would
boring boring after Kim no it's
acceptable to land it I said I'm saying
we got to do it right now right now and
it'd have this thing still alive what's
going on what are you guys putting these
things
does anything anybody else to buy we
just had these red aluminum push rod
that's a little bit verbose yeah this
push rod
there's an entire dent in this table
from where I hit it don't know what to
template attempt this is but we're going
to jump this building everyone's
determined I'm ready
hope you guys are having an awesome day
nothing but fun in this kind of Sun
today I got just so much fun that's what
it is this one can't lie loving it so
much that's it
oh is it this is it I'm confident there
she go oh oh oh my gosh
that looked horrible it did like 604 hi
guys here so this is like Tim's number
342 33 ready yeah oh that's so I oh I
heard a hit
that's your plan I'm an attachment when
you got the most expensive camera I oh
my gosh thing you're so fast so fast
blazing uh-oh
he's right there wha I really thought we
had it it was so close you ain't was
asserting something it's not gonna rain
I thought we had at that time
yeah sky looks crazy like sunny and
cloudy let me see let me see
oh it's on the very edge of the building
tail if it makes it it's gonna just
barely know you cursed you jinxed us
with that negativity it was right there
but then you got it though that's the
you we got definitely going to get a
little man definitely
was that what was that game what was
that huh you were talking you were
talking Dale trying to move donkey look
at him trying to move Don he's got this
on order he's got it on a chair he's got
under wraps there we go that's a good
spot all right do it let's do it this is
it I'm ready
oh you know this is some sketchy action
right here I can dodge a wrench Dale's
on donkey Duty right now
you got to touch his butt just touch his
butt yeah see all y'all just touch it
like this the fly you want him to fly
over you're comfortable chase you feel
that's where you're safest oh no man has
been a dangerous day dangerous days like
this should be called oh I thought you
said that was the safe place I got it I
got it
this is what's gonna have to happen just
saying we need a sparkle show I guess we
got time for one little shower
perfect perfect timing everyone's proud
in the already pouting garage for it
literally things like a rain delay
people are running point our servers I
know this the property is nuts and you
guys heard it a million times but wait
till tomorrow what is that what is that
you get stop stop hi fixing the runway
to let y'all this used to be a lot nicer
ma'am I Drive I used to be nice
stepping it to the x01 this thing is a
mean machine but flies like a bird out
if you remember when I ramp my xo1 but
it completely destroyed the car so these
the trucks are designed for this Center
the kids not supposed to leave the
ground so anything can happen
I just want to make sure there's no
airline in the area is that air traffic
control I'm going to apply our air
traffic control that someone actually
she own up this has been the problem all
day got to have it
he was just trying to help him out man
anything there's no excuse for missing
this ramp now okay
is he gonna clear it no yeah no yeah I
don't know what I maybe I think that's
what an OD is I can hear it screaming
not bad not bad tip number two here we
go
come on baby oh that's it it is gone let
me went over the floor dude whoa yeah I
can't believe this single Drive I think
he's alive
it's your job you know you did it
I think it's still alive wait event like
that that's dr. modification all right
the building is complete now we take
this rail off we race a truck across the
porch down into the pool hydroplane
across and ramp out the backside doable
whoo you like that one it's awesome
right we're gonna try to hey we're going
to try to ramp the truck into the pool
and go fella
I got what you want got what you want go
to the bottom probably wall I'm gonna
jump in you're gonna do it
yo Noah what if we went under and GoPro
dit underwater going across very tired
yes being under the water here using my
golden knife hey I gained you talking
you hurt my my golden knife I asked them
if they would ruin it okay look at this
rig stake to rope to table to rope to
stake and then another rope straight
down here building a tabletop around I
don't know man
every once awhile we just really come
through with some geniusness oh my gosh
this just looks like the perfect
situation on it
look at that you're putting that back in
right
sure baby you know me let's see it job
bud we go
yeah nice driving boy the hydro beast
you guys just need your own hydro beast
like just one design for hydro plant a
methide hydro beast ah make it like a
yellow submarine
there's your wait that's what you're
going to hold on to all right guys
if the GoPro we get a shot of the truck
going slow-mo underwater it's all
because of Noah so let's do it alright
one successful first attempt was
successful here we go again
I don't know why I'm the one doing this
play so fun here we go I'm just guess
that you guys down alright now are you
ready
alright damron we're going to do two at
the double we're going to train it right
out side by side said one two three job
and I didn't say it I was like we'll go
on go but I never counted okay so for
the final grand finale we've done the
pool we did the roof we are going to
mount something good high five
I hope you got some killer shots and
Suns beautiful the lights bright we are
now mounting the coral reef for the
swimming pool all right we're ready
safety first for a reef and you got the
front row safety seats in there here we
go guys no idea what to expect but we're
just gonna we're just going to go I
don't know what to do I'm gonna slip
this here set you guys down
it's all on me if I wreck this right now
it's going to be a mess
Roman just leaves RC in the water yeah
well our season 100 well I had to stop
it I want to drag it into the pool final
destination here we go
that is awesome
heck yeah we'll hang that up tomorrow
that's up we needed that today right
here
I've already would have blocked all the
broken shingles he's gone soon Oh all
right guys we are we are going to call
it a day we have I don't even know where
to start so much footage so much going
on got to be up at 6:00 a.m. which to me
is like the end of the world I do not
get up that early I don't think any
daily vlogger gets up that early um it's
tough it's tough we love you guys so
much I hope you enjoyed today's vlog it
was definitely an absolute blast to me
and that's all I got for you today with
see them all for what could be one of
the biggest vlogs possibly that I've
ever done we love you guys you are
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
Oh
