guys welcome to the vlog we were at it's
absolutely beautiful I mean gorgeous
probably the best weather should we
we've come across its ugly outside man
it's rainy it's cool it's not freezing
cold which is great thinking positive
here so here's the thing I got Shawn
here in town
I've got Tanner Foxx in town and we had
these plans everything outdoors but it's
just raining and it's just it's just
rain and that's Ohio like you never know
if it's gonna be clear arranged so we
have to do some indoor activity thing we
have is outdoor you guys know we always
do outdoor activities so we had to we
had to make adjustments oh we've got an
idea adjustments were made adjustments
were made so what can we do even though
we're outside right now like we're
vlogging right now just wow that's a
terrible excuse yeah but we wanted to
play in the mud and stuff that's we
gotta wait for the mud to get ready
what's up
we got build it Brian here gonna help us
with this project today and we're
basically just rushing out to pick up
some things hopefully we can find them
and then we're rushing home we're gonna
be at the house today having some fun
the real question is does Brittany know
about the fun does let me know about the
new plans you know what it doesn't
matter today so hopefully we can find
the things we need we're gonna get them
real quick and then blaze home by the
way you can't really tell you came from
my house oh no I did you guys have mud
that's 115 minutes bro yeah yeah it is
the mud house so we're at a giant like
outdoor camping hiking biking you name
it grocery karting everything country
country karting there you go Brian I
look nice on you man purple people eater
the slopes with cars where would you
even where would you even find something
like this this is like I'm not all
weight climbing maybe you need some
butter some butter butter you find it
yeah there's plates Oprah
yeah wait what is this what is this this
is to build a ladder is that what that
is why I mean
I rock but it's rainy no let's put one
of these in the house over the pond over
the ice actually really cool imagine
building a chill and yo and we cut out
the ice let's do it that's all right
let's get one let's get me which one do
we get so they got some rock holds this
is kind of what we're looking for but
they are actually I can't find that my
fingers I got to get them practice it's
for like Gora Gora Kumail encore the
Explorer ok these might be too small for
us
we found this slackline that's gonna
replace for now our rock holds what's
your number one cuz you've done this
what's your advice number one a piece of
advice
go slow start off with someone sitting
on it
kind of oh wait someone else because it
holds it down that's good sit down shut
on one leg go the other leg and then
start walking slow but don't go too fast
okay well not mission accomplished we
did not get what we came for but it's
not a total loss because we found this
crazy slackline which I've never been
able to do I've tried it one time and it
was really wobbly and we left with the
Tonys chocolate bar chocolates this
beautiful weather oh okay
so what we're on the road looking for
which we may have found a new place only
six miles away what we're looking for
they're cold I believe they're called
Rockhold's and these these are what
you're used to indoor climbing you would
you would mount these onto a wall and
then you're able to use them to grip and
climb shut Siri
so we're basically out it's nasty
outside but we need something to do
inside why not construct why not
I'm sure there's a million reasons why
not right there just definitely should
be reasons why not but I was thinking
maybe an indoor rock climbing wall I'm
not gonna lie this looks more us right
here this looks like where we find stuff
you gonna want to roll your window up
it's raining you can roll that up so we
just stopped into Clintonville
Outfitters and my man here is you're the
owner yes and he's helping us out so
he's got literally like a box of just a
few holds and he's like I can help you
out and give you some of these dude this
is legit that's the dragon right there
hahahaha and I love that there's single
bolts cuz we don't have a lot of like
mounting options right to it amazing
this is a great start
get down there get get down from there
Sean down that kick him out go and kick
him out that's what we need
he legit has the setup y'all country
Jonathan's hooking it up man like I'm
not gonna lie didn't know you existed
here and this is dude he just pulled all
these out of like a personal collection
for us look at that you guys said you
were hungry you said you were hungry
these all freeze-dried meals so it's
like nice and chili mac and beef it's a
crunchy dry like you add water you will
just eat it eat it and then the saliva
like makes it creates the low moisture
but you gotta add water or something no
yeah two cups of boiling water
nobody feed it just let him eat it no
you're right you're right there yeah you
could just eat it alright what do you
guys want garlic mashed potatoes yo that
was an unusual hookup I'm on a flog on
Clintonville Outfitters Columbus Ohio
all the camping all the outdoor all the
rock-climbing needs right there bro ya
know
you're gonna break the handle before my
kids do okay it's build it Brian's turn
he's gonna work this is all you do if
something goes wrong so you don't get it
it's on you do this everybody already
knows it's gonna fail but with Brian I
have a good feeling this is gonna work
this is gonna be great
it's a bust of my ability exactly
you know duct tape won't work hang on
just real quick Brian
so we purchased the wrong screws we
haven't even left just happen to think
about it I was like with this head on
this bolt I won't be able to tighten it
once I get inside here well at least we
didn't get home alright that's good no
it's good it's almost like I picked out
the bolt you strip it out bro you can
strip it out like what even this is
practice is genius that they put a test
board in here because that's for guys
like us you know what I mean like the
only way
No yes I my drilling merit badge
drill I'm gonna say this everybody needs
a Brian in their group everybody needs a
Brian does that guy look at he saves me
look at Lilly protects me with his his
building skills hey you going backwards
tanner that's the wrong way betters then
okay you remember earlier when you were
like don't you like warp around and I
was like well if I went from somewhere
to just my house I would say i warped
there so right now we're we're warping
home warping home yes how's my
princesses mm-hmm I wasn't talking to
you
that wasn't you're not my princesses she
tired or she just wake up I'm I need
your help I need your assistance I know
we just hung this beautiful masterpiece
of a painting up but we're gonna borrow
the wall for like the next three years
so here here's like the thing we had
this giant wall up until maybe a month
ago we hung this painting out of just
desperation to use the wall we've never
used this wall for anything it is the
perfect wall to climb I can dig that
yeah Brit have fun right it's fun right
game you can already climb and let me
see
leapin bed not sleeping order they
called loves that you love sex
yeah loves oh that's the landing pad
yeah core was obviously excited she's
like rock wall you rock whoa whoa Brian
not there whoa whoa we're not drilling
into that wall screw and stuff in
whatever happens happen Brian that's it
that's a that's a that's a hand I'm
pretty sure you're supposed to like see
I was gonna I was gonna lay the entire
rock Pat form out and then take them and
and go well man is quite the mission
today yes okay well it's too late to
turn around already we've got our first
hole and what is this from what is this
Brian don't hit your head on that oh you
you put that nail on my wall okay cool
idea right rock climbing well who
doesn't want a lot climbing wall on that
house this is wrong hey best idea ever
you know that's gonna look amazing hey
Brian I'm trying to vlog here buddy bro
you just used to this by now sorry
they're building a rock climbing wall
just another day look at this kid yes
anyone over this I'm not in yet this
could be one of our best this could be
one of our best dad ideas yeah it's all
about the family here we go this kids
already natural already scaling the wall
we haven't even got it started yet dude
this is awesome you gotta get to the
yellow on bond you can get to that red
put your foot on the red there you go
you're using that double hand oh this is
amazing i get to the yellow come on you
got it put your photo
right here did your a scaler
yeah one more in the middle there yeah
yes give me five dude that's gonna be
fun
he just ran off with the Tok up look he
pulled it off the table we're all yeah
the cat just took a taco that's the kid
he went all the way upstairs with it he
took a whole taco where is he
in any head Cain found him busted he's
got the whole taco look at this the
whole taco I'm just gonna say like on a
list of things that we've done like good
and bad ideas this is probably one of
the best fantastic ideas it goes all the
way to the ceiling 20 out of 10 see it's
Kane approved yeah
it's double good idea dude it looks
amazing amazing there's the real test
right here is the real test the
juggernaut oh my god easy easy you know
what something tells me we should but
here he goes come on man show the world
alright guys here is what it is for now
obviously we struggled to find the
pieces today and I'm going to add to
this but this is what we're at right now
and I think it's pretty darn cool you
can go all the way to the ceiling
definitely higher than I thought it
would be there you go there you go Doris
here you go Honduras dude that's amazing
it is tall like it's kind of freaky
actually but it looks so good it looks
so good
you get foot cramps tanner ring the bell
ringing my daily so cool all the way up
dude you got to touch the ceiling it's
so hard boom
so far the highest foothold is that
green peg no way you're gonna fall for
that it's so much dated made to the
ceiling good job Bryan hanging knows you
did a great job
it looks technical it looks fun oh boy
here comes our safety net you never ever
be too safe at the outlet house you got
to make sure we have proper precautions
oh my gosh don't take my speaker out boo
hoo my dog was under their watch see
what cane says flash flash you ok flash
flash do get flash or just squash him no
not at all oh did you actually he was at
the very top I go to reach for it I go
huh and then one my foot all my weight
was on goes and I was like find you here
they got your new workout dude new
workout just up down up down up now do
you like it when you get past that
yellow one it starts to feel super high
super high yeah rock wall approve you
like the rock wall rock wall you like it
I think I think when you walk around our
have all it's a mess right now
Shawn was like I like your house it's a
normal house it's messy yeah 20 out of
10 on the house and I think that like as
you enter our house you know you see a
lot of weird things I think it just
matches the house I think it's a real Oh
that was so clean I think it just really
kind of helps fill in the the atmosphere
here what did you do I think I missed it
he did the 360 we're jumping into it
let's go whoo all right what's he got
okay see God sure
not bad usage of a rainy day it was
raining and this is the idea that we
came up with for the ending we love you
guys so much thanks for hanging out with
what you got what you got
give it to me let's see it Oh 360 action
right there
we gotta go say goodbye goodbye we love
you guys so much thanks for being here
we'll see you tomorrow you're beautiful
one-of-a-kind smile
you
