welcome guys welcome to another really
bad update video I guess you would say
this is not is the opposite of what we
want to be putting on YouTube right now
we're hoping once again that we're just
going to have this baby and it was going
to be our next video and I keep
basically fishing vlogs back so that we
can make this baby video and it's just
not happening basically I think we both
been a little unmotivated to vlog and
yesterday actually I did like the
four-wheeler stuff trying to distract
myself but then after that I was like
you're gonna have this big like that
that's it alright and you keep telling
me we're gonna have this baby we're not
we're never having her thirteen he's
getting fresh actually we talked about
this this morning we've decided as
parents and we're allowed to do this
that when she's born that she's grounded
she's in trouble she that she's grounded
it's it's actually getting comical at
this point but it's just it's killing me
and the vlogs because I'm just my focus
is like well I don't want to film
because once the baby comes I just want
the video to be about the bit like in my
head I'm like I'm just going to throw
the baby I'm just gonna film a bit and
then the baby doesn't come I end up
being stuck right here so the comical
part of it is that we Brittany mainly
has truly guys I'm not kidding true
we've woken up to her saying we're
having the baby I'm in labor and it just
hasn't happened it's we talked to the
midwives and they said that this happens
and it's normal especially with the
second baby and but yet what's the good
side about that what they say the good
side was about all these fake Labor's um
that I should be dilating that hopefully
it's like a shorter delivery time yes so
the more you go through what Brittany's
going through now sometimes not
hopefully the shorter the delivery time
which I think could be a huge payoff
like that could be a huge benefit so
apparently if you don't go through any
of these painful contractions and these
fake Labor's then sometimes the delivery
itself is way harder and you have to do
it all then so maybe it's been an actual
blessing that she's not here yet but it
sucks to have to come on here guys and
tell you guys there's just that I don't
have enough
like this is the update the baby sitting
right there I mean literally chillin
like a villain in the belly but so once
again guys were here with another crappy
update I mean it is what it what's up no
you can't get up we had to add this
chair because even with the chair now
he's figured out a way to get up on the
porch and here's the problem I don't
care if he's on the porch two things the
pool rail freaks me out
if Empire goes in this pool by mistake
let's say backs up into it or something
no pools gone like he he's gonna take
the whole pullout gone no more pool the
second promise he weighs so much that
he's he's destroying the force you can
see his footprints foot dents that's
what they're called
where is splash by the way I know that's
are you looking for or you want some
more carrots I don't know oh very easy
okay no your house in there were you
laying right there the whole time
how did I not see you so here's where I
think I'm at mentally Brittany's like in
a standoff duel she's like I'm not I'm
not sitting down to this bit I'm just
gonna I'm gonna duel off with her I'm
gonna stand here until the baby comes
and I'm like I don't know if that's a
good idea cuz she's tough in there she
may be really comfortable she's just
she's just chilling looking to stand off
I'm pump who do you think we're winning
here's where I think I'm at as far as
you and I go I'm going to just attempt
to film again and just vlog and whatever
happens happens because I feel like I'm
kind of letting you guys down at the
same time as all this is happening
because my focus obviously it's just on
the family and the baby I keep talking
about it but there's no way to avoid it
like baby is is our number one priority
right now
however it's you know it's always part
of my job to create content for you guys
so I am putting content aside over the
last few days for this baby and I
shouldn't be because the baby's not even
here yet so that is a little bad on my
part and and today I woke up with that
thought of just babies not here and
baby's going to come when baby's ready
not when we're ready so I'm going to
just
Blagh alright let's just blog let's get
back into the vlog the fun stuff and
when she comes it's gonna be a great
surprise for everybody including us I
mean we got all this fun stuff coming up
all this fun stuff to do and I'm just
getting lost in this moment I mean I
just want to like try to stay on track
but mymy brain might my father figure my
might the chemicals in my body are
making me go other places still got this
school bus that we need to do what we
want to do with that I kept the box from
the monster truck video called a she
come on buddy you talking about the cool
thing is coming up in the fun things
this girl has no idea what she's about
to be born into I mean this is going to
be fun I want to walk down I showed you
guys well I posted on I don't know how
many of you follow me on Twitter but I
put is so steep getting down here ba-bum
ba-bum look at these Doc's going in guys
and the the tower is coming along I
think they're going to need just two
more days and the tower is going to be I
think done I think it's just a bunch of
my childhood dreams coming coming to
life in my own backyard is kind of where
my head goes is like all the things I
always wanted to be able to do when I
was younger and didn't do like as simple
as ramping bikes into water like to me
was something I like so easy to do I did
it one time but this really generic ramp
into bucket I like where I actually grew
up but it's just like one of them tidy
ramps it was a terrible experience
because the water at the lake always
made me sick so I this was the last time
I was in the lake by the way end up
going to the hospital because I had a
bubble a lump on my head and I started
freaking out like what is going on and
as soon as I got to the hospital the
doctor the first thing he said was have
you been in any water and I was like wow
yeah because sometimes when you get
infection it can escape through the top
of your head so to this day that infects
should bus this is discussing it it
popped on top of my head into this day
this is so long ago to this day all the
nerves on top of my head right there are
damaged like what I'm going to get my
hair cut it hurts crazy so we're
building our own play zone and we need a
good name for this place um so if you
want to toss those out that'd be awesome
all singing the name for the baby girl
pretty nice for everything she could
just like
because you know love this stuff this is
a mate
what did this look like when I was
grounded our baby's in trouble
you're in Jogja obviously we're just
joke I know joking on this foot if there
is there like a Guinness World Records
for the youngest grounded child like
which is my clans all over our home back
here so the house is prepared we've got
everything I mean we're living literally
ready like she came out right now we
have everything ready I think yeah who's
that look who crawled out of his cave
hey tell your sister let's go tell her
don't look I'll do it don't do it don't
do it she already won the duel she
already won the duel I don't know what's
where oh maybe it's worth it I light and
we shouldn't do this it's literally got
so much to do don't do it you're on a
contraction so guys this is um this is
once yeah I'm just gonna be honest it's
just a bad it's just an update video
just that's all I got for you today and
we will get on track I promise
streaks going pretty well it's been a
heck of a streak for us actually and I
just want to thank you for all the love
I see it everywhere you guys been
blowing up probably Brittany anti on
Twitter about the baby and I know you
want update so this this is what that is
this is me not skipping a day which
believe me we both talked about we're
like but updates are due to you guys
right now I'm not going to leave you
hanging and if anything changes during
the day I'll tweet it thanks for being
here
you are freaking beautiful you are
one-of-a-kind any love and like you can
give on this because it always you take
when they're short and updates I get it
but if you can give us some well that
would be appreciated
 love you guys so much thank you
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
