i'ma start this blog any blog you want
help me please done huh
you go fall so you get off there dude
welcome to the vlog guys how are you I
hope you're feeling so good we aren't
well if you've been watching the vlogs
last few days always been doing talking
and waiting for baby baby still not here
and Britney is actually feeling pretty
darn good today she doesn't she's having
contractions but nothing serious you
just we don't know what to do we're just
waiting say come on baby girl let's do
it let's get into this world now I was
on my way to do something on let's go in
here real quick y'all help you come hey
let me show you what's going on
everything's pretty what happened oh I
know what you're laughing about it's a
giraffe of baby hey I didn't put those
parts on I left it low ball on the
ground that looks dangerous you can
lower them little walk out here for a
minute
I'm here I'm bad okay so as we wait on
this baby we keep getting false alarms
it's like baby's coming psych baby's
coming sorry kid just ha ha just got a
step out I got a step out and just and
just do something today's my day man
today's my day all right I'm gonna learn
today with you and you mean you haven't
tried I don't know if I'm gonna have I
can't do it out of my league right here
alright I don't know but I do got
something for you what I have the tool
the tool the tool that help you cut
polished it uh-oh follow me I already
know I already know you've already taken
over the whole toolbox dude I don't even
have a drawer oh you take this right
here and that's it and this right here
is going to make you accomplish so over
the last four or five days everything
has been baby it's been baby talk it's
been baby wait and I think that's
acceptable I mean we're bringing a human
on the planet Earth and
all we can think it's big deal but as we
get a little time and the day I just I
want to step out and I want to I want to
try I want to I want to do something
personally and that is last week week
before I had a bunch of families out
here and one of the boys he tried to
teach me how to do a wheelie on a quad
this is something I've never done
something I've never been able to do and
I thought today let's jump on here and
just give it a go
how you going to learn if you don't try
Candyman how you gonna you miss 100% of
the shots you don't take
I'm gonna miss it if I don't take it you
know inside let's do it so you just want
carrots that's all you want you want me
for my carrots now me an environment
we've been living on the carrots man I
come out here with like a bag of carrots
lately and I just give him these little
baby carrots and now he's like spoiler
all he wants is carrots well my carrots
don't yeah I'll just be honest I've
never ever been able to ride a wheelie
it's just something that is like it's
like cool you see someone do we like
that's cool but I've never been able to
do it and I don't think I've really ever
tried and tried properly okay got that
GoPro just in case I eat it get them
shots well that looks weird looking
through brother gotta clear the footage
what is on this GoPro empty let's do it
days buddy you're driving great timing
actually I'm gonna try wheelie Vanilli's
wait really yeah you gonna try it don't
know if you want me to trust okay so my
man Brent Brent if you're watching I'm
doing what you said he said he said it's
all in this rear brake right here with
right down hand so what's your plan of
attack you're gonna start I'm gonna just
try to pop up and if I go up too high
I'll hit the brake but what if what is
putting your foot back here to start is
it better like to get you started dude I
don't know like Stanton I don't got to
put your foot back there so when you pop
it up like as you already have a foot
back and I can just jump off of things
get stuff mmm cuz this you're just
sitting uh-huh and you pop back too far
you're gonna be on your back game over
bro like it's going to take off and I'm
gonna be the one chasing flash put that
down without further ado I'm gonna give
it a crack like the only thing I can do
is start trying yeah you might as well
just I can even ride a wheelie on a
bicycle good just do it no prep
first offenders just like pop cute yeah
you got to give a little bit
it's all about pulling back yeah yeah
yeah we gonna learn that oh yeah
yeah oh dude those feel good we're
getting some what happens with no break
so I'm not breaking I'm just kind of
feathering it yeah all right we stood it
up there's no happy medium it's like
you're either up or down or is it look
so easy but it's not this is why I can't
run really because it's actually
difficult
Oh
Thank You Fred
this way
oh well the landings not bad if you go
back now you actually know I'm pretty
good
that's my girlfriend hard the hard part
for me is knowing there's so many of you
watching right now that do this like
nothing and I don't understand it's just
something never but I can do all kinds
of weird things popping wheelies just
not one of them it's like you got to be
able to do it see the candy you can I'm
gonna give it a couple more goes
- oh so hard along I think we consider I
got one on accident it was really like
the squad was just doing it I don't feel
like I was really slide into your DN
no good this one's like poop sounds like
boob
I think I'm addict okay
mattock me Monica me listen
oh it's right here blue raspberry the
raspberry this is going to give you it's
robbing everything mr. beaver are sure
Willie Tom
ah right thank you friend
because you guys got to make he made it
look so easy
he's just like playing in my backyard
bumpy or not I'm like it's not flat
enough yeah
whoo
thank you progress you're getting there
did yo net back for kicking my butt I'm
not thinking that the show will return
30 minutes look never give up
fawful
oh yeah
yeah stay like the other country got
remove me you owe me you go just get it
to go Oh common topic
just let us stop while I'm ahead
why my head my head still
ah I want to do it so I feel like I'm
getting somewhere you're closer I'm
getting close another day another day
another time you know my back so sore
from this bar McFly
I'm run back in a wheelie the next
process is learning that break I'm
popping perfect perfect
if you had to hold up the sign like the
divers hold what would you give me today
what would be the rating yeah you know
maybe a 5 I would say this I would say
this for a man who never understood that
you had a break there yeah I will give
you a 6 and a half
oh you sick sinner a sinner hey take a 6
and a half wasn't using the break at all
I was going to say somewhere around five
so halfway there you know he did get
improved once he had that jolly Roman
was probably a higher number we should
probably like him with well no I was
trying to get him to say five that way
when he said five I could say out of
five boom perfect score alright now we
got that out of the way it was a good
effort I really did try whoa hello hello
hello little one so dark there we go wow
you guys got the hook up
doggy is this outback to go ooh it's got
country name on it no that way perfect
yeah do you hear my name owners Barry
out on this baby breath come on she's
out she's over there asleep uh-huh it is
like what is going on with this baby
seems like false alarm well we yeah we
meet with the Midwest tomorrow I think
it's just practice um let's take a walk
let's take a walk dinners gone it's time
to walk
this isn't look at this belly look at
this do you remember do you remember
when when you were having Britney yeah I
weighed 140 to town how much you weigh
well Europe you were just at 142 let me
see wow that's crazy baby yeah why are
you walking like that
Oh what do we do I want this thing so
bad I quad is she jump on the trampoline
from now on guys just come on I know
you're probably even getting tired me
talking about this baby at this point
it's like it's all it's my whole life
right now it's it other than trying
wheelies on the quad and that's just an
excuse to like do something different a
little bit you know like it's kicking
over there we go we got some basketball
we got some crap talked out here are you
tough talking a little boy listen you
don't understand that you know I have
the skills like you you know you want me
to throw it off the roof let off one of
which woman's the first try every time I
want to look right at you with the
camera oh do what I do when I do what
I'll do that's what the candy messages
without those editing skills though all
right next on the agenda I got to do it
here we go is top they're all here right
it is time to release the new series if
you guys watch this vlog a lot and you
know each month around each month we
release a new set of four spinners that
do not get remade they're collectors
they're all numbered one through five
thousand whatever number you get is the
number you get today we release
collection three actually we release
them secretly on the website last night
as you're watching this it would be last
night and that we didn't tell anybody so
if you got a chance to get on that
that's why you get us on Twitter because
she posted it on Twitter and as a secret
usually released only in the vlogs and
they sell out both collections have sold
out in 12 hours that's 20,000 spinners
in 12 hours so if you guys want one
here's collection three they will sell
out instantly so get them while you can
we do not remake them so if you have the
originals
they're the only ones available which
one's your favorite I see it monsoon we
got to open I feel like it's always like
I always have my favorite but whatever I
tell you my favorite is that's the first
one to sell out maybe because it's just
everyone's favorite about mine
oh that's hot that is okay that's hot
well it's okay Sonic there we go I got
you got you okay so here they are and
that red and black hot - we've got
purple we've got mandala
this is a hot collect this could be my
favorite collection right now because of
the colors I love it this is number
thirteen hundred and ninety-nine out of
five thousand we do not remake these so
once you have one of these that's it
wait 1300 even no $13.99 Oh out of 5,000
let me open it
so guys top link in the description and
I want to see pictures of who has the
biggest collection because I've been
getting some crazy like not only people
collecting them but they're buying up
like bulk and they're selling them I'm
not kidding they're going for a lot of
money no I saw on eBay today it was like
the black one the blue one it's like our
salt waters been - sold that they sell
five left to sell and like oh my gosh
they ordered I saw one on eBay with 33
bids for $1200 we sell them for 1499
people are making money on these they
are collectible get on their own
numbered and we don't remake them
toppling of the description check them
out and have this baby had the baby
bread I know have that baby alright I
feel him put so much pressure on yes
just relax baby's going to come when
it's ready it's just the last few days
we had so much hype and anticipation
because it seemed like 100% we were
having I mean Bert was telling me this
is it we're having this baby today I
feel it and we did it so now I'm like
when are we going to don't you walk away
from me oh we love you guys thanks for
being a part of this family now we have
so many memories with you guys it's just
mind-blowing it's an I'm so glad at the
end of the day we've documented so much
of our life because looking back we have
it now it's like look into a photo album
but now you have a video album unless
you haven't done the even longer it
shouldn't be called a vlog it should be
called a valve album
it's a it's a video album of album we're
making I'm a Val Bhum maker since I
can't be a daily but I'm just losing my
mind not just thinking we could do like
the water break prank on your mama and
like you just and that's where my head
goes on so messed up huh I just took my
pants okay so before I show you all this
new baby stuff look at this starfish
laying in there Wow
Nemo Nemo Nemo so maybe this is maybe
this is what she's been waiting on she's
like get my stuff ready how do you want
me to come into the world of you know I
must stuff ready wow she really is about
here man this makes it feel official I
walked in the girls had all this stuff
out and ready
what's class doing where you don't bless
we don't lose oh it is definitely
looking ready mama it looks nice and
comfortable so we can play in the water
we typically wait looks like I don't
know it's too nice in here like a
madhouse
no not like a madhouse a lot of candle
everywhere and I go what is going on
like a shrine it is very beautiful and
if I had to be honest there's just no
telling when this baby's coming
apparently like the last couple days or
midwife's call it up practice labor
which is basically what comes can I need
to get you ready for the verse so we got
an appointment there tomorrow by the
time you're watching this we've already
went to the appointment so hopefully
we'll have even more news but it is
believe me it is beyond like I'm not a
very patient person patience is
something that I personally work on and
this is really testing me started and
this time it started and stopped and
just started and stopped it's nonstop
it's like I'm gonna have this baby psych
so for now I hope you enjoyed a little
bit us to switch a route today getting
the quad out just having some fun kind
on camera and I don't know thanks for
being here guys I know that you're all
waiting for the big news and
and and the first image of our girl
which I am too we all are like I'm so
pumped I'm so freaking excited oh my
gosh until then thanks for watching
seriously the support is unreal you guys
are so amazing and I'm glad you like the
affirmation thing and yesterday's vlog
and that's it it's all we got for you
today thank you for watching if you're
one of those people that tweet me or
email means that I didn't get a fidget
spinner because they're sold out get one
now they're available right now as
you're watching this go to the top link
in my description Roman Atwood comm is
the only place to get our merch and
that's all love you guys so much you are
absolutely beautiful
you are absolutely one-of-a-kind smile
more
you
