is it dedication right here mommy can't
reach around shoes no more
sup guys welcome to the vlog we are okay
you got this part you did that part yeah
then you make the bunny here
you did okay hold the bunny here with
your fingers like that I'll take your
long one and you go round the bunny ear
magic trick it's a magic trick ready
bunny here huh
round the bottom here through the hole
and then you grab both bunny ears
sure is mister you are wondering um
still no baby girl yet she's right there
I mean she is right there
yep okay pull it oh I think you made a
knot you remember learning how to tie
your shoes but do you remember
I actually remember in kindergarten I
had like this this this board with
strings hanging from it and you could
practice tying or whatever else it no on
fleek girl bigger under it it is
complicated when you think about it I
know you're trying to be so simple but
it's not look at flash like was he he
was he got but you know he's got
something okay you had donkey over here
my landscaper alright guys so welcome
welcome welcome we are wrong with it
she's going crazy we are at the moment
where baby is most funeral prankster
she's mineral tank secured and we are
we're going to get out take we're going
to go to the park and just hike around
walk around and hopefully Britney will
go into labor we have absolutely no idea
like we're really really really really
rooting for this girl to come on a meter
so it's all I can think about so we're
going to go to Park
you can't get me you can't catch me
so one of the big and I'm an expert at
this now one of the big ways to induce
labor is that what's called inducing
labor juicing labor is to just walk just
walk it off walk it off what stop
walking what's that mine I don't know if
that's the routine yeah I don't know all
geez whoa what was it that was a rock
fish as a rock fish dude it's me -
skipper you gotta film this I want 2017
skipper of the year okay I call me
skipper ready came Wow that went far one
second you were like eating skipper of
the Year you can't be skipper you're
sittin here don't look like him look at
that yeah buddy here try this one
you need a really fat flat flat thin
Rock hang on hang on now put it like
this it's a learning day hold it like
that and you throw it but try to spin it
put a spin on it back spin that's it and
go real low well you made a good splash
all right put a spin on that thing
spin it yes that was I didn't know three
or four are you excited for your little
sister me too man it's like all there's
nothing I want to do more than to come
on here and introduce our new baby girl
to you guys so badly each day it's just
like no baby no baby she's coming no
baby
so we're here hiking walking where did
they go Oh way better cool is bridge
ever look at that talk to me talk to me
I know Veronica wants you to keep moving
but how you feeling keep it like drill
sergeant I'm not stopping for
contractions yet so I'm not there so how
you feeling right now if you could tell
your baby girl anything what would you
like to tell her she watches this is
ready for you come on hold you up here I
know what carrying are like a kangaroo
hang on if you let go you're going in
don't like
this way - sir we gotta hide calling
Carson just got here how about a tree
how about a tree you can fit remember
leaves of three let them be don't touch
them yea-ah we've been spotted by hmm
this is so beautiful back here chase
just showed up and you brought your
anything you actually brought that out
that was just a bounce can't believe you
called me on the vlog dude I just didn't
that you thought it out in public
well I usually people like that see it
but you know she's my homegirl it's just
under buddy ha ha ha
bulla Kane this is a great idea by mommy
huh come on there you guys carry me up
the hill
oh yeah Megan how was it that you're
about to have a baby you're beating me
so out of shape can't carry me Kate can
I need you can't come back stop snake by
your legs take by your legs oh you fell
for it alright you're retired we took a
break I don't know the car if you go for
that oh I was going for chase me you
guys all stop look at that guy look at
that Scout my camera will not to show it
it's so blown out come on baby
there it is okay so first of all I need
to shave second I don't know what just
happened but we walked like two points
how you feeling
Oh like seriously let's get this baby
going super tired hi well my belly's
super tight let's get home yeah let's
get Empire I'm home but now nice to see
you too I see you too pal okay so we are
back home and we're doing something I
think is really cool maybe not too
relatable to your situation but you can
do this for any situation you are and
these are affirmation affirmation can be
used for like anything like you can hang
up a sign you print off the internet you
could write on a piece of paper like it
can be trying to stay positive you can
hang things in your room like small more
or think positive or anything you want
Brittney's right now or about having
this baby so she has like relax breathe
open this one says a lot like imagine
you're in the moment I trust burst that
is like just going to have this baby and
it's going to happen exactly the way
it's supposed to happen is so see these
simple reminders that can help you get
through whatever it is you're going
through you could you can use you can do
this for anything you're going through
in life you can put these reminders all
over your house you can put them in your
room you could you could you can use
little words to just lift yourself up or
get you through the next couple hours or
the whole day or whatever it is you can
do this yourself now we Brittany did a
bunch of these at her baby shower where
basically the girls took turns like
coloring them or making them a little
nicer or you know this will not last
forever that's for the heat of the
moment right there that's when the
that's when the going gets tough right
there like imagine you hang this up and
it's beside your bed and every morning
you wake up believe you can and you will
these are just great thoughts and
reminders that you're not going to wake
up and think about by yourself but if
that was hanging up on your wall right
when you woke up really I can
oh yes let's do it who who did this
woman that was missing life that's a
little psychotic no it's a little like
slow down calm down don't worry don't
hurry trust the process I really like
that one and I don't know if I will be
able to read it well I mean I can read
it Tish if a baby is coming coming I
tell you I'm nice we did this on that
sweet I don't know
I like how they added her 20 hmm Jane's
doing a little doodling sparkle sparkle
Wow he does stuff assists be calling
that I'm using me to inspire you guys
you can and you will I could go for so
many resume then that's what's going on
here with this Karras we always do it in
I also soon went out for life you guys
you guys may have actually spotted
things like this around our house maybe
in the back of the vlogs
randomly all over the inside of our
cupboards and inside these were actually
there when we moved into this house and
we love them and we've never touched
them they're all over the house you guys
the price spotted things like it but
simple messages that just catch you off
guard and remind you every day of the
normal things that should it push you
and push you forward it's genius like
put these things all over the place I am
I'm a brick your little son right here
little sunshine see cuz you want
sunshine alright so I'm going to use
this moment right now to make you make
one of these for yourself and hang it in
your room and tweet me a picture send me
a picture of what it is it's going to
help you move forward and just push
through your days it can be something so
simple like keep going or don't give up
or you can look something up online like
an inspiring message affirmation for
pressures like anything may happen for
everything that's true I challenge you
maybe your family all together you guys
can make one together put it in your
living room frame it just a nice
reminder to you to everybody that like
these are just simple words you don't
think about like smile more is like
something you don't really think about
but when you see it you're like at least
for me I'm like
I will now try I'm really gonna work on
it so I don't know kind of spine this is
for the this is for the moment right
here she's almost here so when you're in
that and struggling stages just remember
she's almost kindergarten class you know
or like all the kids hung up their
drawings they're you know I mean these
are these are important I'm just saying
like it reminds me of that you know I
know I grab I thought they were wet just
for a second imagine surrounding
yourself with nothing but positive
thoughts nothing every time you look
you're reminded of something positive it
does start to make you think better and
be positive and I can do this I can do
it look at this like these reminders I
mean not to have this many hanging up
but I don't know I know you've been
doing your research about having the
baby but the most important part and I
do not want you to forget this all right
never allow diving into this pool all
right you are not to dive in this book
that says never ever
then in the vlog last night hoping and
praying that our baby girl would come
last night and I would film that it
didn't she didn't come she's still in
Britney's belly so we're just waiting
we're we're just it's a waiting game
I'll be honest Brittany thought we were
going to have her two days ago and then
she could have swore we were going to
have her yesterday and man you love
these carrots huh whoa we can swear the
baby was coming like we're so excited
and Britt's still convinced that like
any time but a chill dude so basically
I'm on here saying that baby didn't come
last night she's still chilling she's
still relaxed she's she's nice and
comfortable apparently and we're just
waiting guys so if anything changes I'll
be on Twitter I will update you guys if
nothing changes then I probably won't
post anything absolutely love you guys
thank you thank you so much for being
here
being a part of this family I'm a little
out of it I need some sleep and I need
this baby I'll be honest we just need
this baby to come into this world we
love or so much already we haven't even
matter we'll see you guys tomorrow keep
your head up make up make an affirmation
for yourself make one for your family
member send me a pic I love you guys so
much all right I'm getting I'm getting
I'm getting them thanks for being here
and being part of this long street fifty
two in a row or something like that
that's going to knock the camera down I
love you guys you're beautiful you're
one of a kind smile more
you
