hey guys well ah don't know baby
still my baby come on mama we thought
100% just woke up this is like actually
the first words out of our mouth was
we're having this baby today and I was
like what oh it's happening like right
now comin with fell out of it I was so
out of it it was like 5:00 in the
morning to do orange I started I woke up
at 5:00 I had connections for an hour
before like I was living around enough
to wake you up so I woke up at 5:00 like
contractions pretty like pretty good and
contractions like really strong for
better an hour for an hour and then
finally I was like moving around enough
for you to wake up and then it lasted
another hour so basically today is a
little bit of an update for you guys I
we were going to build this sleigh
little sleigh so it's gone we're going
to build this and just kind of take you
guys and where we're at woke up crazy
contractions I would start freaking out
like aren't you gonna call anybody like
somebody you need to call somebody
nationally no not yet I and she's got
like this this thing where she's
counting her time and like for everybody
that's really young it's really
confusing but I thought she was like go
time we thought it was go time
and now we're sitting here and is not go
time yet baby's not here yet GT though
she's a prankster
she's pricey yeah that milkshake on me
uh-huh so this is what she sleeps in a
bassinet yeah
who can oh that name was it even means
bassinet I know I mean they've had him
forever
what's that that is that's not me so
this gives me said our bed yeah when
she's not sleeping on mommy
Oh
buh-bye honey get it that's smarter no
do you know what you want do you want me
to help you no I got oh it's like a mini
crib a mini crib g-great I like the
white why it's awesome and it goes with
the flow you know no but I'm pretty sure
I ordered the grey I will say this in
the moment of things where I like
thought it was good times that Bo the
first thing one of the first things that
hit me was I got to get my camera and
one of the last things that hit me was I
don't want to so much it is just
like I don't know dark and if I'm
comfortable and a stomach was going like
like so I'll never forget the rest of my
life like it was so crazy
where that's like yeah her whole stomach
came I was so freaky it's so free like
the scene off aliens where Ripley has
the alien bust out it looked prior to it
like right there ah so we're just really
really really waiting for this baby guys
like our whole mindset everything we're
doing is about this baby and it's just
it's just it's a waiting game it's like
fishing it's just like you sit there and
wait for it to catch a fish it's like
it's not like fishing at all but it's
like waiting you get away successful
thing easily here I didn't break it
break it over your head okay don't get
her get her
oh is it hurt no tried daddy hard hi
sexy
oh so jell-o got it do it again do it
again one more
come to Mazda I try to do it like double
hand over your head
yeah just crush you gotta crush it thank
God
styrofoam such a fun toy for kids what
styrofoam it's messy its destructive it
breaks lock yeah oh gosh I'm scared he's
over the 360 with the with like the
moment of like baby's coming we realized
how actually unprepared we are in
certain ways and we have this setup
which is kind of a must
baby's gotta sit somewhere well I mean
gonna be with you and the bed and uh I
don't know mostly be with us but if I
need a little break would be nice so
somewhere yeah I got it arms reach
oh this must go around our mattress
living room was spotless like 30 seconds
ago I feel like the other build babies
just taking over Kane hey your sisters
taken over she's not even here yet
he does not care at all why you have
faith in me I mean it for our new
mortgage not pause I'm gonna put it
together right in instruction no I could
it's much it's my new way to get out of
things that break if it breaks it's
because King did all the tightenin no
this is for your fragile little mm-hmm a
little puzzle
pushing the other way so today guys is a
quicker more of an update video for you
as we as we get closer to this baby is
just getting it's just getting
complicated and crazy yet so many people
in and out as well and do want to show
you the update back here is looking
amazing I mean they've been cranking out
on the new play zone I don't know what
to call this place it's going to be
mayhem that's going to be where we're
going to do the most crazy things in
these vlogs probably
right here check it out they got one of
the docs done I mean I here for a week
already building all this stuff you'll
be sweet this is the runway for the
giant BMX ramps there's going to be
several right well they're probably
gonna be interchangeable so we can take
one out put one on and you know little
big etc careful baby
it's a Depot I don't know if I'm more
excited for the bike ramps because
that's just my alley like I wanted
that's like a dream come true dude so
the kid I've always seen videos of
people ramping bikes into water and I
just never ever have got to do that so
I'm super excited about this and then
here is the Jumbo super Tower that's
going in and this latest I'll take I'll
take any idea I'm like walking down in
this hole right now but this Tower we're
thinking to put on this face like one of
those like all the rock climbing because
this will be underwater half of this
will be underwater so we're thinking
about put like that rock wall like where
you you climb up the rocks and if you
fall you just fall into water so it's
not that big of a deal this towers gonna
be sick Britney only makes it about 200
feet before she's got to sit maybe maybe
just walking is what's gonna set this up
now we're coming back today baby they're
coming back today this is the agent oh
yeah it's just the start they're getting
there again this is gonna be so cool
what are seatrack embarrassed even put
that in the vlogs well we've got it to
use I'm not gonna lie it's gonna sound
like a horrible excuse but we are doing
the best we can with the vlogs right now
I'm telling you like in the moment of
like the baby and her waking up to
contract like we thought we're having
the baby it's just like the last thing
on my mind was actually filming like my
head was like I got to get my camera but
my mind is like how am I gonna film this
so it's a little twisty right now for me
I will do it though when it comes on
filming as much as I can it's gonna be
like bits and pieces you know it's not
going to be crazy insane in your face
make a joke livestream labor yeah it's
going to be just it's going to be a
chill day kind of like today and we're
just we're just waiting for this baby
guys so bear with us over the next few
days
hopefully today tonight yeah
baby I'm gonna go to a street store
today that's that'll get you in labor
just moving just moving is right it's so
weird so thank you guys so much for
bearing with us on a couple maybe slow
vlogs but we're going to try to keep
posting for you I'd rather post some I
know you guys would rather post an
update rather than nothing so please hit
that like button if you'd rather an
update rather than nothing because I was
honestly not going to film anything
today like let's update them cuz you
guys gonna freak out if I don't upload
we're literally just trying to rest and
get ready cuz I know yeah you know it's
gonna be like in the middle of the night
it's never gonna be like oh it's the
middle of the day let's have a baby
it never happens like thunderstorms they
usually happen hey hey bud we doing it
yeah Superman right do some BMX jumping
with me flash huh you ready here's some
ramps boy you know he's gonna love
swimming in this maybe I don't know he
hasn't been much of a swimmer yet gotta
keep walking if we want this baby you
got to eat what there's no rest just how
we gonna have it that's a good lady you
don't say so I went into labor in the
grocery store cuz you just off and
you're moving up it would work when
you're are when you're talking work I
don't know if you've had any void what
your viscous effects make river sweep
the house is starting it back to normal
there's a big construction zone over
here with the backyard
other than grass failure from all our
weird events is coming along house is
looking pretty nice Oh bless out I
didn't do it your mama did it yo mama
did it have no grasp
we need grass look at this better than
it was and it was all dirt good get in
the pool
pull do a little floaty floaty baby
ready baby ready baby ready pool so I
guess all I can say today guys is that
we will um we'll see you soon
I don't have a lot today we're going to
take it easy we're going to do our thing
with baby stuff and just get prepared
Saoirse prepared we need to be ready we
are
we are ready we're ready tell her we're
ready tell the baby we're ready we don't
need much we need us the baby just needs
us oh I've been telling her I'm ready
can't wait to see all this stuff done
back here and running and just full of
water and ah look at that belly oh my
gosh your belly buttons poking out so
all we got to go on in there I had to
get a yawn in there so more than
anything guys we just want to thank you
for being here every day and part of our
life and journey is it's so much to put
what we put out there on the internet
for you guys it's a lot to put our life
out and you guys are so unbelievably
awesome and you're always here and this
is just a huge part of our life we've
never captured on camera we didn't have
no on camera we don't have cane on
camera this is our first time doing this
type of thing on camera so for us it is
crazy it is so exciting we're so ready I
know you guys are ready so I'm gonna do
my best to keep you guys updated it's
just I don't wanna put any pressure on
anybody but kind up to you not up to me
I'm ready I'm baby girl it's - it's her
give these two girls so much strength
you take all my strength give it all
just take it all take it all I will call
right now no louder than the labor I'll
take it we um we love you guys so much
thank you for understanding and we will
see you we're just gonna get ready and
prepared and uh maybe the next one will
be baby's walk next vlog will be baby
vlog or another crappy update video no
we're hoping we're praying for baby
we're praying for baby let's do it get
this baby here on earth man the world's
waiting I'm waiting patiently like this
barely sleep love you guys so much
thanks for being here thanks for the
love the shares we will see you tomorrow
either way smile more you're beautiful
and you're one of a kind almost left
that out
you
