oh not ready yet
welcome to the vlog guys why do I say it
like it's a magic show welcome to the
magic show guys this is a magic show
welcome hope you're having a great day
it's gray is gloomy it's wet out it's
kind of nasty it's like hot yeah but
it's like stormy to take a tarp a tarp
like to cover up all because you got to
feel the better the truck no I think
you'll be fine cover for that truck Oh
Donna Donna Donna fits under so you you
say I'm so pregnant you saw the
reflection you are so pregnant turn
sideways turn side oh my oh my gosh
they're twins Anna - no there's not guys
Britney's gonna take you for a little
bit today I'm gonna be here with the
boys she's got plans with her mom and
yeah you see me very soon but for now
she's going to take the camera and have
fun with your mother your mother mother
my bellies are much touching a steering
wheel so you know when you're do belly
touches look you don't you right behind
you so beware beware the donkey hey love
you I love you come on amber he's coming
he's coming
we're good I think I'm super soon hey
guys I'm on my way to pick up my mom and
go up to Easton it's like a big shopping
area if you've been watching for a while
we went shopping for a rocking chair for
the baby
weeks weeks weeks ago I ordered one it's
finally in so we're going to go pick
that up and go to like the big grocery
that's there to Nauticus of time I
wanted to see why I thought my hat this
is like a dad hat kind of style you know
like I wear hats a lot and we just got
these image samples so I wanted to see
what you guys saw if you really like
them or what I I love it like 100% I
love it so let me know what you think
and maybe we can get them into flowers
my mom just on the side of the road are
you just standing on the side of road
waiting for me absolutely I got some on
the muddy driveway all right okay we
need to store and this place is a
madhouse
I think everybody does grocery shopping
on Sunday so wish me luck in here I love
this store they have everything
literally from headphones or kayaks
okay so this whole company quoted us
these ridiculous amount for pool we have
them come back out and close for another
simpler full double the price so we just
got a cheap pool and I'm thinking we can
get this and have the side the pool it's
like seeing cover things hey I brought
the truck but FaceTime Roman is 250
taking the donkey and flash would have
like coverage and shade I like it I
think it's a great idea okay so it's no
thought it was a good idea and they're
saying they only have one in the store
which is this one and obviously we're
not taking that home so I got online to
see if they had it and they're out of
stock so maybe it's not meant to be
I was thinking and be awesome to put
like rocks or rug or something under it
so like a table actually have some
outside area to hang out okay today have
a 0 throughout completely online none of
the other serves around us have any they
can tell me to the display
I got like the same price and I was like
oh no so go back together just Kings I
think we're gonna pass shop around and
try and find something that ties kind of
like that so I was ready to go home and
make room and put it together hey mom
you I need some cheese okay my all-time
favorite thing to get it like any bulk
store are these ever since I was a
little kid we would get I don't think I
have any where my fridge for this okay I
think I accomplished the grocery store
yeah so we got plate
water you got cheese drink plate look at
these strawberries Oh
oh my gosh they look so yummy and Apple
get me out of the store and literally we
have two carts so something that's super
weird because we don't live in the city
or like close to a big store like this
you have to drive a while home so like
if you get anything that's frozen you
have to have these like cooler bags
which I completely forgot mine so I had
to buy two new ones
frier frozen stuff you have to like keep
it cooler bag - don't unfreeze the time
you get home so weird and crazy if you
live far away from a store like this you
know what I'm talking about though okay
not warming out made it to buy my baby
but there's a pet smart right here I
think we should run in and see if they
have shampoo for blush does he still
oh you go get the champ uber flash I'll
go tell them to get my chair ready okay
I'll meet you right here that would have
probably fit my SUV by the way yeah are
you documenting yes I am that's why I
can't leave my name on it
please mine you didn't check it or
anything we've got some rope my mom's
like they're tying it up oh wow
grocery shopping and almost nine months
pregnant is tiring so that's it
we're going to drop my mom off she got
groceries I don't know how we're going
to sort it because it's like the entire
backseat and then I'm just going to go
home and see what the kids are doing
keep the answers that are answers it's
nice you're pooping awesome okay well
we're leaving now so we'll be home
pretty soon you're gonna help me unload
all these groceries right yeah okay I
hope you're ready you drop all my
strawberry drop in my mom off and
there's a strawberries laying everywhere
oh really left half of them so hey I
mean have you got the big carton right
come on fluffy Oh fire on it me thank
you for taking me I'm writing everything
up hey mister what's your donkey doing
huh what's your don't whoa
oh hi Empire are you trying to get in
the house today are you telling on him
turning in the house huh huh get out of
here donkey but see what they're up to
in here
hey honey
I do get it you're the man of the house
honey where's it at know it behind the
curtain it is seriously I saw you pulled
up I put this on welcome to the house oh
my gosh she looks fabulous
I'm free I think everything I didn't
show you that house Wow
hi-yah carpets Ramon now there's no
excuse change in me you know good look
all day these two welcome to the zoo the
Atwood zoo welcome back guys
I cleaned that's what I did I literally
clean this house was on vlog alors like
the it's like usually I don't care but
it was at the embarrassing level of a
house she had her baby chef you missed
yesterday's vlog you could watch it and
get a glimpse of how trashed the house
was but today it was just like a fairy
queen I was teamwork a job what did you
get what is all this is that your chair
oh my yeah I was just thinking we didn't
have six dozen apples so that's good
what is that looks little foamy there's
a it's a funny inside joke because when
we were doing my movie when I did my
movie as a joke I said in the contract I
want a supply of SunChips for the whole
movie and they put that in the contract
I actually got so it was like a joke but
it is an item for a time probably since
you got to build a chair tonight yeah
you have to open you were just going to
see it I get to rock in it you get to
build it hey I was trying to get you
something else to build but I didn't
have it thank goodness I love my total
belt at the last location hands on deck
all hands on deck we need lots of stuff
brought in donkey that means you look
how Betty like it does he want in or
what do you actually want in are you
just standing there seeing what we're
doing huh hey doesn't want to just like
what are you guys doing in the house
what are you doing
this is our barn what are you guys doing
your barn Oh full of ice
I think man it was like frozen and Wow
what worries over toys for it was for
the shower but that Yeti cooler you
didn't have put more all right for the
shower you said oh the baby shower yeah
Jane I thought you meant shower like
it's for the showers a real shower it's
on load time red take the bread hang on
hang on
strawberries really want to go with you
Kane I need you come here look at this
oh my gosh this is so cool look at that
jumbo box alright guys so here's the
deal I not only know I just clean the
floors but Empire is kind of stuck on
the back porch and now he's in the house
and we're gonna try to take them off the
front door because there's not the steps
you can't get down he got up but now he
can't get down I don't know what to tell
you dude yeah I know I just cleaned the
floors no no no not this way nothing's
what you gotta go this way come on there
you go there you go I cannot explain the
power of this donkey I keep he doesn't
want to move zero movement he will not
move he's so strong my mum come on he
puts his back legs down and you can't
knock them not gonna happen
she's like come on buddy let's go let's
go come on come on doggy dog eh oh I
know you can tell him you tell an empire
that you've got to come he's he's going
out back I just want to see the luggage
and come around this corner if you know
I think if we ignore now huh - if he
drops the business in there the game
over Oh speak of the speak of the donkey
what was that well maybe this door
scanner there he goes
good job buddy oh jeez well that was
about as random as you get in a in a
human lot donkey walking through Europe
how many don't how many people have
donkeys walking through their house is
there like does that happen
I don't
I feel like sticking to my original plan
today it's the highly requested
everybody's asked us to do this okay so
I always start okay okay okay
you guys have requested maybe not you
personally but a lot of you have
requests we've taken everything through
our giant muddle and it has rained a ton
so it's completely full at least I think
it is it's muddy I get it as muddy as it
gets to today we had the idea of will
Clifford go through that mud hole and
we'll Brittany be able to do it why why
can't the people have spoken honey
Clifford was built for the mud in case
you guys don't know who Clifford is
Clifford is our big red truck Brittany
drove it all day so you have seen this
thing it's this guy right here this is
Clifford it's our big red truck every
single thing we went took the quad
through we've taken the RC hydroplaning
over we've had the hot dog in it but we
haven't tried Clifford I think because
all we I get it stuck then I'm out of
that I'm out of my SUV what the cat got
a killer you want to put shoes on no
what if you get stuck in the middle and
you have to you have to get them and if
I have shoes on I'm not able to get out
oh my gosh if you get stuck in the
middle how you getting out I'm not
you're gonna hold me out good yeah see
if Clifford will do it you won't see it
yeah me too and Brittany's gonna try it
you guys on ride in there not the cat
the truck Clifford you want to ride in
it okay come on let's check out mommy
she's gonna do it you want to ride in
the bag here you got to give her the
keys the ground is so wet and mushy is
not going to help if she gets stuck is
your your fault because you guys look
everybody's like you got to see if
Clifford will do it you think it'll do
it I think so yeah how would he get the
depth I'm worried about don't worry
about the muck like it is thick gooey
clay muddy it is disgusting we've tried
it we've tried it from the other way but
me I mean with the are seasoned stuff
maybe sugar this way in sound oh my gosh
you're paying I can go that way
yeah me too so mucky are you in 4-wheel
oh alright totally pointless but I'm
shooting this in 4k 60 frame which is
like insane quality it's unbelievable in
fact I've never been able to upload it
on YouTube because it takes so much time
at least for us where we live our
Internet's not super super fast let's
get to the point here trucks about to go
in okay so this is a pretty decent sized
hole this is pretty deep pretty thick
definitely a challenge for anything you
don't think you'll get stuck
you're gonna did I should give you a
camera let you film out here are you
ready yeah baby's first mud run all
right I'm ready if you are
fat what are you in full wheel drive or
low for high okay maybe I mean low
always works but you can't go very fast
I think you just hit it alright let me
get in position and give it a go
obviously me hilarious change your mind
yeah it'll be a better view out here
anyway
plus if mommy gets stuck it'll just be
her out there not you good luck MA here
we go all she get no speed go go go
Oh like nothing like nothing how cool is
that
yo that is stinky stinky water how did
it feel it stunk so bad yes thank you so
what I mean it didn't like not nothing
right through it like on the road okay
here we go round number two okay guys
root for mommy she's going she's a beast
oh my gosh
holy crap pull Yannick flush just had a
heart attack like a real heart attack
good I know you weren't close to him but
he was the water rushed up high last one
little root last one mommy's going to
hit it I get flashes like I'm gonna race
you oh she hit was that like a lump oh
my gosh why is he going too slow
huh no now hold the brake
now floor it you can't with that you got
a rescuer flash
you got a go-getter he's like nope not
gonna happen
go get her flash wait he's like raised
on our side oh my gosh the things that
be Oh Mike that's awesome doggie like
what is wrong with you people go go go
go go oh well there it is
slipper can do it Clifford did it Julis
Wow mr. Lowe mommy did good I'm proud of
her for trying that oh my gosh Maya
buddy but are you my muddy buddy what's
our song muddy buddy buddy buddy you are
my buddy buddy dude look how big this
spinner Cletus
holy cow it's a big spender gain that
huge spinner almost looks like huh
almost looks like my phone on Britt's
way home she got me Chinese food orange
chicken and fried rice and keen on
sports and cookies we got to read it to
you it was very important whatever it
says is real really I like this one
it says I love Canyon Edie yeah it does
look I actually do like this ah I said
instead of worrying and agonizing move
ahead constructively smooth ahead
worrying never changes the outcome
it's pointless Keith you don't have to
worry it changes nothing
all you're doing is killing yourself
you're worrying about the problems kid
you got
keep moving what Dory say just keep
swimming just keep swimming look how dad
do it mine says mine says may life throw
you a pleasant curve may life throw you
a pleasant curve guys that is alright
alright guys that is going to do it for
our blog thanks so much for hanging out
today especially with Brittany I give
her some love
thumbs up to her for taking over the
camera for a while ceiling fans freaking
me out up there
we love you guys so much we are on a
pretty good streak right now I think
this is fifteen or sixteen vlogs in a
row which lately is pretty darn good for
this channel so thanks for being here no
matter what we love you so much
keep your head up keep moving forward
don't worry
fortune cookies right you love you guys
you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile on
you
