welcome to the vlog guys how that
Guardian is weird because it's sunny but
it's raining I don't know if you can see
this but that's how rainbows are created
right there
sunshine stop looking that whoa
fifty-fifty I have to film this what is
that you were so good what did you say
Wow Wow
anyways hope you guys are having a great
oh my gosh what's going on out here you
guys know it's raining right you know
it's raining hi umpire we don't like
you're not gonna go in your barn I think
he likes the cold water I don't know I
can't figure him out he's a weirdo it's
a good idea right now
it's what this is what we what are you
doing just gonna bash it open I mean the
only way oh oh my sermon palace servant
table excuses enough for surrounded I'm
about to freakin something right now
what okay so this is kinda like it oh
geez dude you are be careful so we got
this guy about what two three weeks ago
I don't know it's been sitting here we
need to get it out because it's not look
at this weather and what's going off the
blocks inside of a box inside of a book
oh oh yo you good writers picked it up
and threw it and we would have been done
with this oh yeah I never thought I'd
say this but we need rain right now oh
this was a good thing till tonight
actually I'm over it oh yeah look at
those the six inch spinners right there
boy whoo I think we should actually open
it open all the way open it that's it
it's a box on wheels come on guys I mean
another box inside a box ready ready oh
yeah that was pretty good but it doesn't
ever one of the openers is more
underneath more than me
that was your Father's Day present oh uh
this is my Father's Day present so some
types of milkshake what nothing bad is
fine you know
every good handyman such as myself he
has no phenomenal handing and it's kind
of its kind of what see that it's a
hardwood row just peek rickety board on
top of it please people are not like
pool table every good handyman needs a
place to keep his tools you know so
that's what hopefully this thing becomes
either that or the kids can fill it with
cars neither corners so this is before
all right before that's not not bad
candy you know that can go with me
travel that's travel with me for travels
ridiculous we're just having in the
house on hand time to run out here boom
gonna be nailed it alright yeah where we
putting this thing you know space the
whole garage is full what okay okay
ready
alright alright that's the back side
thanks I don't look nice oh you peel it
huh let's leave it you can stay on there
whoo now right there is how you keep
tools that look nice in the kitchen baby
yeah RC part oh wait we gotta send it
back yeah look ah now we got it got to
go back see I scratch this mom we're
sick remember today was actually the
cleanup day this is like today were
supposed to be clean and stuff well we
this it's a mess dude look what we got
though this giant roll of bubble wrap so
send it back send it back actually
that's probably where country bumped
into it oh yeah you were running
full-speed fine as long as the drawers
work it's going to look worse than this
in two weeks it's nice
dude work on stop building your novel
now what you don't have enough time to
fill this thing Wow watch yourself watch
that's not true watch this
duct tape
more than he knows me so fun I was only
able Fulton dr. let's say you can I say
all the duct tape he's now easy now
oh is it gonna fit we making space oh
yeah I could get out look at that
alright it looks pretty good we
definitely are leveling jobs just put a
little board here because when they
don't like building the slopes up makes
everything difficult I got these bars
underneath this thing I could probably
get you a drawer
I got enough oh I'm Way ahead of you we
made I just took one for myself let me
say shown let's see your tool boss you
want the top drawer the towers going up
yet flash are you HOT are you HOT flash
are you having a hot flash that's good I
think we're good
ready to rock next up next up we're
going to my parents house I leave a bit
of this mother can see you doggy got
away
keep on walking boy come on come on
is it crazy I didn't even notice - you
said something yeah no I can't use
terrible in really dark figure here I
mean this little tuft in the back or
something
so yeah next stop we're going to my
parents my brother his kids we're all
going to do some swimming some eating
them eat dinner actually takes us to
dinner at our house nights anybody want
to join them we were all like yep orange
so brought somebody shipped us this
whole box of like is it Japanese candy
or sometimes it can your unity phone
with crap cuz I know grandpa loves this
kind of stuff you intercom and what's
wrong with you guys huh you know when I
film you're supposed to be energetic and
happy you know this like anyways we're
going to my parents right now we're
going to have a good time in east and
crazy boots basically you don't drive
okay put your arms around it it's pretty
heavy
oh look at you dude you got it take it
to Grandpa get my mom dads and after we
dinner guys after we eat all this food
dunt dunt uh well I thought of that I
thought of you
yeah I did what it's a whole box
Japanese or Chinese or some type of
candies after dessert you know I am
truly fasting what data form yogurt
potato chip let's get all this oh that's
like there's one of those those pies
what are they good bye moon pie what I
remember
super good pie cuckoo pies oh it's like
a whoopie pie I brought dessert mama oh
yeah all the way here so nice just from
like one guy somebody next day airs it
from wherever this came from bang men
Lee from South Korea Wow yeah friends
himself - Megan Lai mom it looks a
little Italian but then I see baked
potatoes and fried chicken it's like the
old garlic bread okay my point looked
like an angry spaghetti monster my
eyeball just fell out you can make it
you know yeah but have you ever had
yogurt potato chips potato chips yogurt
Oh weird
crash don't you crack them bad boys open
Oh looks just like a chip
wait it is regular chip they just figure
out at all tastes like a crib at a cake
wow that's good you gotta try one you've
got to try one do it
what's in it right you trying to read
the label I am what do you got what do
you got okay
it looks exactly like a regular potato
chip but it tastes like birthday cake or
something I give this at least an eight
and a half to a nine I agree right
I'm guessing by the little honey bee
that these have honey on them or on them
or something
those are fornix it was it rubbery ah
right get in there like a little
doughnut it is a little bit it looked
like a little fries cross your eyes whoa
Wow feeding on that come on this is like
a young okay not is so good okay it's a
crunchy funnel cake yeah awesome
is it good I'm just gonna guess the
dad's gonna like these ones probably the
best here you go all right when you
think I'm giving this I'm giving that a
ten out of ten
unbeliev that whole bagging no problem
not good oh-ho-ho fishy
yeah we saw fit okay yeah ready ready
for the same time same time anyone here
with a surprise ready or not here we go
ready tangled exchange
oh it's a hot bar with a shrimp paste
Gardein fries yeah that's fish but I'm
gonna pass on vision it's good flavor
though but it's fishy it's not going to
win them it's not going to win the prize
not our competition okay so these are
coffee and milk cookies or I think it's
a cookie Wow looks like it is yeah
unless it is banana puffs sounds like
baby hazmat that's gonna be good good
alright good oh it's just like Laffy
Taffy really unbelievable we might have
a me night
it also reminds me of banana baby food
yes yeah baby boom yeah it's a banana
cheese puffs yeah it's so good the
coffee stick not too bad but what is
this I don't know but I'm getting full
look at that
you like the bananas you hip now no I
come here
oh yeah you gotta try that one this one
oh that's my favorite so far
okay think of a think of a donut pretty
good hold your dessert yeah that's
really good
okay these guys this looks interesting
like little honey combs alright so I'm
trying to keep up with everything right
here these are icing covered Cheetos
they've got like some type of icing
cheese on what like a cheese icing hey I
like that one
give it a minute son that feels pretty
good
oh look at this same potato chip company
but it's coca-cola potato chips no we're
like soda pop there you go this is Cola
ships chips with Cola in it yeah that
does that mean their caffeine code I
don't think so okay
it takes exactly all right next with
dirt ever getting down to our look how
many things we've tried and they're all
almost all unbelievable these I'm so
full we ate you before there so I'm like
trying to get a favor cessful but this
is the gold and it looks like a moon by
yeah that's the golden Grail right
that's it hold on I want to split it as
I'm told to oh you just destroyed that
Thema well you want me to take it how is
it oh good - she's right good it's just
chocolate
I'm delicious I'm digging on these cheap
I know they're like puffed rice look at
this adopt no no no key piece is the
same Bob just want to say special thanks
to Fang men Lee for shipping us all
these fun snacks they were all
absolutely amazing the only weird one to
me what's the hot shrimp sticks I guess
it should be weird what's your favorite
right now the moon pies winning but
really it was this banana puff and I
both oh I'm going right here is my
number one right there that's my number
one though like the right well were they
right here that's your favorite these
works good yeah they're weird I'm gonna
take you guys on a blast from the past
this is my dad's orchard and I just
can't get it clear peaches these are
peaches and they look beautiful I don't
know if they're ready to be sour well
they they turn red a long time for the
rady but they sure are pretty being you
only get about one in four young dad how
long were we
how old was I like Noah's age maybe
older I don't know let me ask you
something is this the only thing you
ever planted he probably yeah yeah so we
were I was young you okay so this is
probably not going to mean much to you
guys but me and my dad planted these
rows of blueberries when I was very
young now
then outlook they're full of blueberries
so kids get the trots
your whole life now mine yeah
every time a diploma you got a lot of
hands this is our third picking already
this year really yeah you've been
terribly worried all day and now all of
a sudden you got blueberry that's
awesome beautiful blue berries fruit is
so awesome ain't come on this they just
grows it just grows it just creates
itself look at that delicious delicious
Chris have you ever seen this many peas
in your life wow you just loves a lot of
peas and you can look straight ahead now
I got a pea mmm mmm look Caine I got a
pea okay dad joke 2017 be good for some
serious grades dude they're large
they're not done yet that is a cool year
for grapes right okay look how many
grapes you're gonna have Wow
do it I dare you that is a fun fact
oh you got it here's a fun time even a
good grape plant can do 60 pounds of
grapes oh my god yeah like you didn't
know that I actually did it mmm-hmm
watch this where are these great nothing
wait do it oh I know you missed that one
I thought you were gonna be way off on
that one but you nailed it you kill a
kid we're taking off we love you yeah
that won't make you look
ah you understand BYE MOM I love you
cheers up one tonight have a bit about
them blueberries blueberries good
you there so amazing I know that story
today means not much to anybody but man
I just remember going out young with my
dad me and ham I can't remember if I was
in school or not I definitely was but
it's like a camera it's like I took I
don't know pointless to even really talk
about I guess no no it's like a memory
to me and I can't figure out how to
think yes me and my dad planted all of
them and it took us forever
I can dig in these little plants in the
ground and now my kids are eating the
blueberries and enjoying them it is so
weird that's what and then you my boys
are eating I love it but I just can't
explain it very well on the ball but
that's where I'm coming from right there
what you just said first bought the
donkey spot the donkey I can see memory
ah forget it okay the talking donkey
what do you want what he's saying what
do you think he's saying we're glad good
question I see oh boy been a long day
huh stretching out hanging donkey you
picked a new spot to poop okay funny
story big pile of poop here yesterday we
had it cleaned up any late another boost
in the same spot once he picks a spot
that's the only place he'll poop you'll
only see like five spots around the
whole property so he doesn't the same
spot each time so of course he would
pick right there like right off the
sidewalk you guys ready for dad joke of
the year
are you ready I've got gas it's a
beautiful day and no reef tank a
beautiful day in the tank it's super
blue on camera but it's super beautiful
it's beautiful Didem killing the digest
beautiful blues okay you guys ready you
ready silly blue the first time to bed
we gotta get a bed yeah huh
yay yeah right you would never say that
good about knowing bedtime it's bedtime
or I'll give you two options we can go
to bed or we can play battle oh that
being said we're gonna end this vlog eat
we're just going to sit here and eat
potatoes okay are you craving potatoes
that afraid good time that I pregnancy
thing or you just really want baby
Chile's oh this is how I wanted it in
the vlog today I remembered I thought of
this today we're going to end it like
this what day this give me a competition
because we all have our own thoughts and
our own opinions here what day and what
time is baby girl going to arrive on
planet earth what day one day one day
that would be tomorrow right at this
time 24 hours from not gonna happen not
that sin what day I want to say you
sound like you had an idea now you're
like I don't know well I'm gonna say
July Nick took till July 6 for you to
say that all right July 6 Cain says one
day all right so what you're sticking
with one week okay hey don't let what we
think you think you have a week from
that let me let me get you while you're
eating yes
I think next week really your hair is
awesome but right now we're all ready
for this baby girl I'll tell you that so
I'll leave your comments when you think
these little rascals coming in we are
all ready for you little girl we're all
waiting we are all please me waiting for
you to come hang out with us and
play we love you guys we see you
tomorrow you're absolutely beautiful
you're one of a kind
you
