what is up guys welcome to the vlog a
beautiful sunny rainy stormy Dexter it's
like ten minutes son ten minute storm
you will see a storm in this log
although it's sunny right now I was on
my way to do something to pick something
up and then Noah called me and he said
hey do you want to go get a milkshake
and I was like perfect timing let's go
get a milkshake so we want to pick up my
boy Noah we're going to have a little
milkshake together and then I'm going to
go pick up something that was sent to me
all right where is he this is like his
spot somewhere around here sleeps right
about I don't know oh there he is
Hey so dude up in how your phone got in
here already but here is my dude that's
my little man sleeping good out there
here and it's warm out and I need a
window AC our bucket and we can sit
there and then we can work that out so
no one I decided to make this pickup
before we go get milkshakes and this is
really cool you guys remember I went out
to the SHOT Show in Las Vegas the big
gun show there and Venus was a firearm
company that made these really cool guns
and I really wanted them so they've sent
me some and it's taken month like this
has been a big like figuring out how to
get these things here and look in the
front of my car like I don't want to
show you this believe this look Noah how
much to just lick from one side to the
other 100 500 I would probably raise
that type of money to see that
that's disgusting let's move on did I
say what did I say we would see a storm
in this vlog you know it's funny because
it was sunny and I said it's storming
like every other every other ten minutes
and there it is all right man what's up
G y'all formas if you some pretty ones
today oh my land v of z r5 and of course
a beautiful 1911 right over here holy
moly
are you ready for this shoot no no this
is life you are ge across like T we
should have brought the canoe whoo
wow you're like a rosewood yeah we have
to hey let me unlock it I got like pop
the trunk and everything getting this
thing we're just going for doing we're
getting wet we're getting wet I think
I'm gonna pop the trunk and come back
are you gonna help me
alright ready I don't know if it's
popping
I don't know Christian top Singh Bedi
they're really doing we're going to the
trunk okay hey they go yes runway you're
on the wrong way oh that was fun
Ohio what are you doing I try to be
sunny in like four minutes you does like
so you're super super cold you know
we're going a milkshake maybe we should
get some hot chocolate
thank you no it makes me laugh though so
worth it so worth it you going vanilla
yeah me too dude I can taste it I can
take it like a mile off man I crazy
you forget well you're about to remember
I think we're going to come join you it
is crazy out here
you ready you ready are you look as if I
cheated here we go yeah
I got carried away look at the ice look
at the ice you see it this hail help we
made a run for her on the move you know
it's funny it's like the middle of the
day and it looks like it's like Knights
I like you start it's just been so
gloomy
you built the sunshine in this it is
look at okay let me show you the road
real quick this is just pouring like a
little river
there's doing the rain challenge the
rain shot who can make it the further
okay since we are kind of ending our
milkshake Meetup we are talking about
stories and no one asked me if I passed
my driver's test the first time and I
did I passed it on my first attempt and
I passed with a hundred percent like I
did a perfect score and then she was
like well go ahead and pull into our
parking spot after the test right it's
over I pull into our parking spot
everything as well and then she docks me
five points because I didn't use my turn
signal to pull into the parking spot so
I didn't get a perfect score it was a
lot like I thought that test was over
dick I didn't know but my brother Dale
he took multiple attends I feel like I
should call him right now yes I remember
him coming home and just being crushed
that he failed his driver's test I'm a
sea lion call let's see if he answers
they're gonna be the weirdest question
yeah hey hey I got a question for you
I'm blow I'm vlogging vlogging and Noah
had a question he asked me if I passed
my driver's test on the first try and
then I and then I started thinking about
your driver test did you pass you I
remember you coming all really bummed I
number one at the second one okay trust
negligence on driver schools I went to
it was their fault it was there for ten
points on his steering wheel and his
windshield
to hug internet anyway I didn't have to
talk not do it I like there you have it
and I know my brother's gonna be excited
that I should destroy it you guys Wow
this vlog should be the car ride floor
he's like the whole things in the car
last minute Noah gets to stay with Daddy
tonight I'm so excited right now it was
just supposed to be a milkshake Meetup
and then he gets to stay with Daddy Oh
actually I just keep yours nice to me in
all would you don't sleep outside at
night we are just moments away from
possible sunshine hey you guys stand dry
up here huh you see him knock knock
knock knock who's here who's in my house
me real quick I can show you something
come here come here low rabbit come here
hey you know what'd be cool tonight is
it me and you had fun play games with
your not I mean yeah that'd be cool we
had somebody yeah just more than me and
you
she has included no I got to come on
that now you do the hog this is like
clip everything I had planned today
revolves around this stinking nasty
weather and it's just not clearing up
hopefully soon it will was just raining
what is going on in here oh do you have
enough so what are you guys thinking
Friday game night tonight whoa is that
all you got yeah I'm probably something
wrong oh I love that
such a nice massage well are you ready
are you prepared now what times this all
start
Oh one Brittney's um hour but yours baby
showers tomorrow for the baby it's
Bridget Keene new diapers because you do
you've been wearing the same one for
like three years it's fall so I saw
these chairs in the guards garage is
like bullet chairs and all kinds of
stuff no idea what I mean like they
haven't told me anything so you don't
know what's happening that doesn't help
that's the only thing so you just know
that there's a baby shower for you but
you don't know what is going to happen
they didn't tell you about the elephant
that we're going to be here
it's nice family thing for the baby
diaper party whatever right like
immediate and Brittany brought me tacos
oh look at my little helpers look at my
little helpers the Easter Bunny basket
pastel cooler I love it oh no Chantell
looks white on camera
really yes actually taking umbrella
today ah it's a best time to sell
umbrellas during a storm you can go down
on High Street is a ton brother salesman
today and he'll and I was like I can't
run the car too boring you got a game I
don't think that's one side oh good work
kiddo there's been crappy today at all
be cool plan maybe tomorrow maybe
tomorrow the day's like empty and it's
so heavy
alright so Jenny kind of took a poop on
us weather-wise and mean the kids really
want to play some games tonight so we
thought we'd do something right now and
show you guys something that I don't
think ever been seen and also not a part
of our vlog yet has it happened before
we started vlogging which is Britney's
first pregnancy with King this little
month we weren't filming at all yet I
was filming for YouTube but I wasn't
blogging so in this wasn't documented on
video I don't think at all so we're
going to show you some pictures of her
first baby shower this is probably more
for the mushy mushy viewership the real
the real atwood family stuff right here
so what you got what you got
here's britt uh what they were measuring
your belly yeah so you take like yarn
and everyone gets how big I am which I
hope not to do tomorrow is that is the
curry is a picture of my mom with Conrad
okay you guys not big Conrad is now
check this out that is my mom and that
is kleiner it dude it's totally Conrad
what is we even getting it a little book
or something little little toy rattle
can you remember that rattle
he doesn't believe me you don't believe
me that you in mommy's belly you know
you do we had this whole argument
off-camera that took him inside that
that's you did you right there not that
watermelon basket so this gift Jessa's
mom got me and I remember thinking I
would never get that because it was $50
just so expensive I'm so shocked and
then she got it and she got it froggy
bought pants that was my favors no yeah
me neither a boss baby right there look
at I'm coming to take over the world
dun dun dun so there you have it guys a
little fun look back a little memory to
put inside the vlogs because we didn't
vlog it it was before our vlogging time
we did start shortly after I think we
started when Kane was about 1/3 oh it
was done was walking so we start walking
it Wow third birthday I think oh I feel
like we started vlogging way before that
we started what when we start vlogging
when we start vlogging that's it I feel
like Cain was like 2 or maybe he's 5 now
I said he was almost 3 yeah but we were
wrong in 4 easily 3 years so yeah it
would be like to argue started vlogging
on August 13 2013
Cain was born on October 23rd now 2011
yeah you were right
I was dry like a little Noah I know
crazy memory all this parts Alaric's
okay this is the first log and look
watch this he's peeing behind you okay
so this is what you got today right yeah
and I didn't get that like I want to do
a bunch of cool I had this idea today
but we required sunshine so we'll do it
we'll do it soon but these are the veena
mp5 basically is there it is
well that is killed it cute that's cute
I laid I think it's cute oh wow I cannot
wait you guys know I have a lot of gum
and we do a lot of things with them but
this one excited this is like something
I've always wanted this is a real lady
for me yeah but here's my question to
you got you you've done you gun got it
right or gal is it illegal for me to
shoulder mount shoot this gun this is
that illegal to shoot everybody says I
have to just cheek it going cheap oh my
god I would never hold that's my face
like that it doesn't it's not like come
on a shot well it's just so much white
you don't even feel it so what do you
mean it legal like you could get
arrested if you shoot it from your
shoulder you know I don't know it just
start in the barrel length and
everything it's it's a weird it's a
weird thing so I'm pretty sure this why
shoot this gun at my house like this
it's even legal
this is even legal I just want I just
want to go outside right now papa
pop a few caps in that mountain so yeah
guys these are you know huge out Venus
first of all because this took a long
time this is like money you guys know
when I went to the shot show it's been a
long time and they just came today so
they did a lot to get me these guys and
these are like just on top of my gun
collection these are right there so I'm
just so excited about them and I really
hope to just go out
playing around and set up some targets
and some fruits or something and really
just test these guys out that didn't get
to happen today but it's going to happen
always gonna happen yeah that's that and
I need that I need to figure out all the
all the lulls on that gun with that
stock so that's a real thing it's crazy
but it's true so I want to make sure I'm
good on that I need you get hungry while
I was over there Apple isn't hot change
just attack the bagel bag are you ready
for game night uh-oh that's not good
that's not good you yep you're out so as
promised to the kids we're going to play
some games tonight that's been the whole
goal all day is how do we get the
placing game already so late I really
got a hold of us and that's our vlog
guys thanks so much for hanging out the
last four have been twenty minutes long
so I hope you have been liking that and
enjoying that today's been a very weird
vlog um definitely I don't thinks 20
minutes at all but it's been very
laid-back and more just deeper than a
deeper floor whatever that I love you
guys so much can't wait for this baby a
long your manly yes I consider a bee a
little game so we love you guys thank
you thank you for everything we will see
you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
say it with me smile Mon whoa
you
