okay all right guys welcome to the vlog
I hope you're having an absolute perfect
day and if you're not let's set aside
any problem might be having right now
because we are all having some type of
problem however for the remainder of
this vlog let's set our problems aside
let's relax take a deep breath and just
try to smile a little bit how do I
explain today guys today I have you guys
know I do a lot with Make A Wish Make A
Wish is a place that allows kids that
have been through some of the worst
conditions that we can imagine they're
allowed to make a wish and Make A Wish
helps try to grant that wish so when a
kid that can wish to do anything they
want they can wish to go to why they can
make a wish to to meet any celebrity
they want when that kid wishes to meet
me it is not a highlight of my life is
the honor that I cannot put into words
and the greatest feeling that I just
can't explain to you guys that me said
there's a lot at the moment I have a lot
of kids that have made the wish and
typically when I get a wish I would fly
to them I hate God wishing Texas I cry
to Texas
hey we got a wish here I fly there we
have so many right now that have wished
to meet me that I said let's get as many
as we can and fly them here to my house
because I feel like my house is where
they really want to be they want to hang
out with me my family my friends my
parents mom all right here in my
backyard and I feel like that's the
level of attention I want to give these
kids so hopefully today we can make the
greatest day they've ever had and the
greatest memories I could ever leave
them with so let's do it I got
make-a-wish kids coming ten kids with
all the 50 people coming to my backyard
and I want to show you what's being
billed over here I want to show you what
we've prepared for them and then a big
secret location surprise that they have
no idea about my man you ready to make
some dreams come true today I'm so glad
you're here with only 9 I'm happy we are
plated amazing day that's right
so I can't wait can't wait we got some
fun stuff lined up let me show you the
pond real quick starters today let me
give you a little update on our crazy
water adventure I'm just going to call
it the adventure right now they're
digging the BMX jumps the BMX ramps in
the 30-foot zipline tower diving area so
super excited about that it is kind of
weird that they're here during all this
but I guess that's just my house like I
want them to have that experience it's
always mayhem hey buddy what's up my man
come to say hi and one of the
make-a-wish kids yesterday is if you
watch if you didn't watch yesterday's
vlog please go watch it because before
they got to come to my house I spent the
whole day with all of them at the zoos
they got a whole weekend with me very
very fun very uh just surreal man I
slept so good last night this is what
I'm here to do guys I am here to I'm
helping people I really feel like I'm
finally at the point in my life where I
believe these videos help people it's
crazy to think I'm done talking so much
I'm sorry
one of the kids yesterday has this
forward one of the make-a-wish kids have
this same quantity cities wants to teach
me how to do wheelies today so I pulled
it out it's here waiting for him let's
check this out over here I've been
showing you guys this tent in the vlogs
that we've been working on I want to
show you what it looks like in here
maybe I should just wait for the kids
they're about to get here but trying to
roll vlog as much as possible today
check this place out oh did flash get in
here did you sleep on the couch dude I
think five classic flash okay I want to
show you this crazy tent by the way
excellent job on you guys they've been
working on this tent for a while look at
it so you walk in this looks like just a
white tent right but then you come in
here and it's just beautiful it's nicer
than my house and they got this giant
chalkboard for all the kids we can draw
in color and I love it brother and an AC
unit with all the doors open it's just
like my house and Wow heimo mom hey
watch hey um what are you doing today
I'm making a reach fly where you need I
can see we got uh um I got a bunch of
make-a-wish kids here that would love to
meet you today you want to stop by stop
by where yet the hell my time uh now
through the next five hours okay okay
they looking at your in I they'd love to
see you idler all right okay I also get
this thing called mister game room today
it's like this giant trailer this giant
trailer of video games dude look how
cool this is
just sit here and you can play all these
games dude is awesome yes yeah yeah it's
give me a pretty good day man I can feel
it it's just such a fun vibe you know
just fun nothing but fun I told all the
kids yesterday because coming to my
house with something that they lit up
and I said you want to come to my house
they really were excited about that so I
told him there was only one role here
and that was they have to have fun but
the only thing we got to do today is
have fun look at this
a candy dispenser a candy that's it
wait talking fungus candy cane wrangling
up the family dad mama
my brother Dale and we are going to make
some kids now here's one thing that we
need moved if you could just get this
weather to kind of go that way looking a
little rough out here huffing and
puffing like giving it everything out
flew read it read it by the way
yesterday at the zoo they were calling
for nothing but rain all day and you can
see it in the vlog actually when we got
there was just looking like it was going
to rain and I said it's not going to
rain and it cleared up it was sunny all
day no rain so we need that to happen
today Ohio give us some love oh oh it's
getting stormy dude today's today I Love
You Man
we're blurry okay so the families are
literally showing up right now during a
crazy windstorm are you excited
dude hey I want you to remember one
thing these kids are so excited to meet
you
alright so you got to give them that
love that energy they've been watching
you for years they want you to grow yeah
you were this big when they started
watch you now you're up here
you're taller than me right now look you
know look at this come here check
yourself look in there dick hole you
show how that you show them play some
games with on all dads already in here
oh man the game I need to do me a huge
favor okay you got a rocker get no one
come get out here okay and mommy okay
you have to they're gonna go greet them
come on go get them thank you buddy
thank you I love you they're here
they're here it is
Oh Oh welcome welcome
Lily what's up good what's up my man I'm
ready to play today
nice shirt Wow hey guys you guys welcome
to my crazy house it's a little under
the weather today so let's go are you
being good
do it again rev it up so I think the
first thing everybody wants to keep the
GTR so everybody can hop in rev it up
take it for a spin ramp it the pond yeah
dude what you think man you love it rev
it up it's yours
yeah all right this is Lily little thing
for rather stuff were you do like you'll
rub it up give some juice do you think
that since we're can you reach the photo
you want to hit it just again oh you
know what he's done my man my man with
somebody my blog with you be cool yeah
you do your thing tell you my champ
right here climbing in you like it but
there's much this chain number that from
this that's my man right there dude
hopeful Isis ha ha ha Dawn's making the
ground cane and bris
last year getting some love flash
getting to love we're getting everybody
inside just handed storms getting a
little crazy
Dale brought everybody his Domino kits
that is awesome
ready that is awesome let's take them in
take them in their custom to wear you
can't buy the kid iPad what do you mean
these are hand custom packs I mean yes
deals looking them up with the stackers
dude they're going to love that man they
can play with them in here so awesome
and you know I wasn't sure if the candy
machine was a good idea now that seems
like it is least for the next hour then
everyone kind of crash you are so busted
Candyman you're so possible with that
what was that what is that nothing okay
I'm watching you know he's shopping him
you got a whole bag of stuff right so
all right guess this stuff in keep this
stuff in my head I'm just going to
explain to you real quick why we don't
name the fist because when you name the
fish they came to pass away ah we never
made it never named at this so I think
has taught me how to say smile more in
Spanish let's see if I can do it son
Draya mom yes sangria
are you happy mama he is so happy
oh you are so
yeah okay so everybody's in free blown
away about how big this hole is and it's
been really hard for everybody actually
said it looks flat on camera which it
does well I'm gonna try to give you
perspective right now because they're
starting to build all the towers and the
ramps and you guys are incredible what
do you think of this hole over here tics
please help explain cuz you guys all
came out and you said the camera does
not do justice no no you cannot tell
it's huge right
you won't take a rod I can get it I can
get pretty good to be I think we can
jump you can jump that Ino so you see
that's my dad
my dad took all the kids down he's I
love yo oh go go go go go look how
little he looks over there yeah
everything that gets blown out of the
yard gets trapped in here it's a fight
because the wind's blowing it back you
just fighting the earth I can't believe
this is in my backyard right now he's
like a meteor hit here okay so yesterday
at the zoo
Brent tells me that he's got the same
quad I have a look
they were blurry burglary he says he's
got the same four-wheeler I have and
he's going to teach me how to do a
wheelie no he's confident like oh yeah
he's the man he's a really king well no
I did say king but you can do it and I
can't so we're gonna go try to do that
right now this this weather is not ah
alright you ready
it's all yours might need to warm up I
don't know it's been sitting out
hello you make it look so easy
y'all was awesome dude did you gonna
learn how to do that I know it's raining
always standing I wanna stand it up it's
so bumpy I know you got it
it looks so easy that's awesome whoo all
right looks like I know what I have to
learn how to do high five dude I'm eight
so what do you like touching the brake
all the footbrake you're just like baby
in it but it still looks so clean oh
that smarts that's a little bit that's
why I don't do the only thing I know how
to do
this is how I film Roman
Oh
yeah Roman my god hmm that was way
easier to me okay guys so this part of
the day is probably one of the biggest
projects I've ever done in my life and
it's going to remain only a clue for now
and I'm going to show you quickly what
it is hi here we go
this is happening in my driveway right
now okay so today is absolutely
wonderful getting ready to go to a big
secret location which nobody knows about
not even kids it's a gigantic secret so
that's our freezin these normal but when
I go
okay we are on the move we are the kid
here's the thing I had to just say
goodbye to them and they believed that
the whole trip the whole weekend is over
it's gotten pretty late but we have one
more surprise for all the kids all of
them were going up as if there were all
fulfilling tired and I'm sure these kids
are so tired too but we have the water
part running out for tonight with some
huge surprise there that's where we're
going right now and we're wrapping up
our night with the families and the kids
at the water park and calling it a
weekend my boys really my boys of really
hung in there it's a long couple days
James ready he's ready together you ever
been to a water park at night with
nobody there
lots of perfect that is true we live we
live a different life we're like a lot
of the cool things that we like to do is
really difficult now because of the
amount of people that know us so going
to a water park is one thing but go on
at night with nobody there in only 10
make-a-wish families oh we're
driving right into the place like do the
back you think the fish tank has serious
plumbing look at this yeah look at them
waterslide oh my god I had you in tears
yo come on man how was your experience
with me amazing is it was it are you
going to remember this for life as my
only goal this whole weekend to leave
you with a memory you'll never forget I
hope you had one such a wonderful time
man we're kind of working through a lot
but it's for good good reasons okay so
without you know some of my viewers all
the secrets how was your trip insane
absolutely insane and you're going to
remember it forever forever I mean I
remember I remember Dallas and that was
he playing yeah he came to my tour in
Dallas which dude look here's her all
family to me now like I'm going to come
to Dallas oh my god yeah you have to
call me so well yeah I would we will as
long as you had the best time ever
oh only go I did I mean what would
happen and I was insane and I'd leave it
at that but I can't wait to show you
guys I have you're gonna be mad at me
but it's trust me you just got to
believe me I silly was it everything you
know the other great time this girl had
my face on her birthday gate this year
and would you cut me up shut my face I
knew it personally thank you for making
a wish
seriously I can't explain what it means
to me
so thank you so much I love how you
found a beard you're trying to create
that oh yeah okay besides the pizza John
was here by the way I'm gonna go hang on
so we left out tonight right
how was your trip buddy I fear not best
weekend ever
I'm not by far I'm inside mm this was my
little boy in the night of my house on
top I just give yourselves a workout
okay well she oh okay you tell me when
you get one all right notice that it'll
disgust I will I give all my make-a-wish
my number okay so everyone's gonna have
like say goodbye on the vlog how was it
it was amazing
do you love it you guys are awesome
thank you guys so much for being here
little man
best weekend ever do you have a good
time it was happy it sounds like you had
an okay pop was it the best my man oh
did you have a good time I've been
asking everyone best weekend ever
yeah you don't have to like to make
things up no I'm not
best weekend ever you never forget it
Mike what'd I tell you yesterday I'm
going to do something I'll never forget
did I do it I told you you never forget
it yeah I did never forget
little speechless right now but I just
want to say to my boys thank you for
being such just chance and just doing
whatever it is daddy does you guys are
amazing and tomorrow is a much promised
day with my family
it's very needed trust me when I say
that how's the baby
man contractions - hey maybe this will
be just enough guess what I don't know
if you realize this but two days ago
I said I've got two more full workday
remember I guess what I just did
I just finished last day just tomorrow
particularly these days already - my
it's 1:00 in the morning yeah what but
what I'm saying is daddy's got tomorrow
just for you you you baby this country
you're always yeah maybe maybe we're all
just gonna sleep it off
we're all really tired thanks for being
here guys I know um a lot of mysteries
going on but yours you never say your
time that's that's a rare moment caught
on the vlog all right guys thank you
whooping home kids are getting in bed it
is time to say goodbye for today thank
you so much for being a part of this
journey no matter what we do seems like
you guys are here especially if you're
watching at this point in the vlog if
you're watching you can actually watch
this entire blog thank you so much today
this is a very special day for a lot of
people including myself and my family
and my kids it's just an awesome day and
I love having here I love having it to
share with you guys so thank you for
being here we love you and falling apart
I'm so tired right now
so see you tomorrow you are beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
