ker-rah are you making a phone call
no hi baby cutie fine daddy's gonna go
outside do something really stupid okay
I guess I'll see you when you back you
want a vlog here you vlog there you go
there you go grab it so I always break
all my cameras here you go grab it you
got it sim bloggin hey guys love her
time she drills all through the lens see
by into the cold we go welcome to the
vlog guys hope you're having a great day
starting exactly where we left off
yesterday country came inside and said
hey I got a really good idea but what I
heard was hey I got a really bad idea so
we still got a little snow which really
we don't even need for this idea that
you've come up with I'm just going to
show you you know what how we go
sledding in the city how we do it
no I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you
something you've been hanging around me
too long yeah because a year ago you
would have never said hey Roman let's do
this ever we'd you in because if we
could do this today
yeah maybe you give me what I want and
allow me to put that Jeep another stop
saying that it's not safe bad idea you
know what you put that camera in my face
who wants to see the Jeep in a pond know
what you guys would like we got it like
that takes some plan and precautionary
all right so this is it or do you want
to do I think hot dog like if I was
gonna do it it'd be hot dog I know it's
one problem what I don't know what hot
dogs I know if you were a rubber hot dog
where would you be there's only so many
options oh man I didn't bring my
snowshoes no so my brand-new boot that I
just want for this year so ash just
decided to destroy all of our snow has
like an ice layer it's like you see how
you can like it's got chunks of ice on
top yeah you crazy dogs get out of here
you know how look a little better last
time I saw look at this thing
flash we have to pump it up it just
needs a little love little ketchup no
mustard she fun god
like yeah well you have to bring out the
big guns it's like to me it's impossible
but maybe maybe just just try to put
your foot on oh boy I mean you just kind
of up up on it and balance yourself I
swear I mean you could hold on to me
like my shoulder you see people do this
it looks so easy there you go oh there
you go that's not bad actually
wait an English indie anyways you're on
it right now
you you walk forward but do you'd walk
so I have no idea who's gonna take it
paper flash who's gonna don't take
goddamn come on come on get him get em
playing hardball who's gonna win oh jeez
oh jeez it's gone
oh she's coming back to life coming back
to life a little hot dog you know this
guy's been through a lot this hot dog
show me a hot dog it's been through more
than this you can't yeah we got this new
beater Jeep it's four-wheel drive it's
it's beefs it's definitely ready to play
- oh my god - brake pedal just fell off
and put one of them footprint gas pedals
on here from the moment we got this Jeep
country has not stopped up talking about
heel I want to ramp it Nepal and I wanna
I want to jump in I want to crush you
don't want to crash it and today he
comes in he says I want to put the hot
dog on the roof look at that started
right up he says I want to put the hot
dog on the roof and then I want you to
drive around for the first time ever
when you told me the idea I said that's
a really bad idea but that's a bad idea
you cannot come off in any good way
there's no good way to come off the roof
it's either you're on or you're not
riding maybe he's like a cat just laying
on the seat
no these get the shame there she is
country
you ready you sure you want to do this
you don't think the ball is ready the
ball Jeep has some bull Jeep right there
first things first
not so maybe I shouldn't maybe I should
I try those this morning the chase gonna
rig up a couple or maybe little cameras
up here - yeah I'm with you I'm with you
oh my god you really blew her up got
that trusted TRD 550 paracord I'll do it
oh we got even thicker stuff hmm let's
move this
around taking out VAT get it ready don't
to rig up we're just gonna basically put
this hotdog on the roof of this Jeep and
then oh well you alright
will ride with me huh you just want to
eat it you just wanna chew it up here
flash shake a brake pedal that's yours
buddy good boy
I say if you just put it where you want
it I will make sure it's tied down all
right I promise I would go to my
absolute best no I don't want to make
any possible use no duct tape for this
one well I mean come on so I was gonna
rig this hotdog up properly I'd probably
go from the top handle down to this hole
and the same thing on the other side so
that can't go right and left my mistake
whoa we wants to stay sinner as possible
and then the same thing with the
backhand it will come straight down to
these holes right and left to keep it
from going side to side maybe one safety
on the front and back one straight down
to keep it just locked in but you know
no matter what no matter how good its
rigged up there he's got to stay on the
hotdog I think that's the whole bowl
challenge right there
well one thing I'm certain about is that
this hot dog is now part of the Jeep
there is absolutely no movement at all I
mean that thing's locked no boy no boy
is fully ready for me
you got your helmet how's the hot dog
feel move around does it feel like it's
moving oh man this thing just ripped
well let me see what idea wait what part
rental Rome if I'm living like this you
know I never asked this but this is this
is helmet season right here this is this
is you got to protect the head thank you
right you're right we just definitely
protect the head yeah let him know I'll
get a helmet a dirt bike my flush you
ride with me good boy hey filling up hey
you better get this bull kicking cuz I'm
ready to take this bull for a ride come
on no come up here come on buddy there
you go good boy it's okay come on come
on there you go good boy neither one of
us know really what to expect so I'm
just gonna go very slow see how he feels
actually just the bumps up there are way
more magnified
Oh
I think you got it
Oh
y'all feel like you can't wait I think
we sign you up for the rodeo man this is
C I didn't tell you this is actually
just tryouts for the rodeo local rodeo
go chase got that on the drone you that
was awesome right well you want the gas
pedal you already got the brake pedal
yeah you might need a change of pants
there bro I don't know if s because it
was wet or you were scared great job man
oh that's a good idea I'm on that a lot
that's kind of like an idea that I
didn't come up with this that was all
country and I feel like you've truly
been around me too long yes that was
obviously fun and I hope you guys enjoy
you're having an awesome day we're
filming technically two videos today
because yesterday's vlog was shot
current day so we've all just tied into
this one hope you're feeling good we're
gonna go in and check on the fan now
Brittany made a big pot of chili so I'm
ready I feel like every bull bull rider
needs a needs a name and outfit you know
I think I think you've done it right
here the official bull rider alright
guys that is good yeah I'm so sorry
I did I scare you that is gonna do it
for our blog today guys so sorry that
it's kind of short I'm sorry I raised my
voice my vlog usually it's like hi baby
have it when I vlog my hey what's up
guys this party hey what's up let me
talk normal
let's talk normal guys thanks for
hanging out with us today
that's C that feels weird when I'm
vlogging you know I mean like you gotta
raise the voice you gotta get excited
you got to lift them we love you guys so
much that is our vlog for today it's
gonna be family tomorrow I know today
was a little bit of just outside good
thought for a second I wasn't recording
today was an outside goof off day kind
of a last-minute was two vlogs in one
yeah two vlogs in one we did two to two
vlogs to one she don't care Brits just
getting out of the shower she's getting
all cleaned up so that as that's it
flash you've taken over the love sack
buddy way to go he always looks guilty
to look at him he knows oh he knows he
knows he knows we love you guys all love
from our family to yours we'll see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
you
you
