it's time is time to wake up hope you
guys are having a great day welcome to
the vlog I am NOT awake early countries
driving me up downtown really you look
calm - man of crime you know what else I
noticed you look alright check this out
I know you don't listen to country music
did you listen to it just so it says
your name I want to start this blog by
saying happy Father's Day to all you
wonderful dads out there happy Father's
Day my man happy Father's Day chase
every quality it feels weird neither of
us are starting off and all of us are
not starting our day with our kids today
which is crazy but we are spinning day
with kids it's going to be amazing today
big deck and we take you bring you along
the families are on their way up is
Veronica in the kids coming I don't know
either way we're gonna get home but got
some stuff that we've got to do here we
go okay so we just arrived at the back
entrance of the Columbus Zoo we're doing
something very special day something I'm
very very excited about I've been up to
the zoo a lot but I've never got to come
in the back way Jase is always I don't
know if I told you he's always the
weather man
always it can be in the middle day
you'll hold it's fun to be like just
saying 3:00 p.m. bro it's gonna rain
just saying you gotta be just fit in you
gotta be Park I know it's bad I'm
positively positive it's gonna rain so
out of all day say today we really don't
need rain so if if Ohio if you can just
hold up maybe a couple hours I'll be
really happy okay so long story short
check this out was like the Safari this
is awesome the kind of colors is did cuz
he was right there what what's up dude
all that is awesome holy smokes dude
it's like to walk out that door ZZ was
like real zebras
super long story short you guys know
that I do a lot with like foundations
like make-a-wish and I go meet kids that
wish to meet me and it's like the
biggest honor everything I do it is the
biggest honor when a kid that
can ask to meet the rock he can ask to
go to Disneyland she could they can ask
for anything and they choose to ask to
meet me and always try to make it
priority to meet them as soon as
possible but I have so many right now
that it's so difficult to fly all over
the country that today we're bringing
more than 10 of them here and and and
and and and I'm doing this super super
fun unique way that I can't give it all
away but it's going to be the look I'm
wearing a zoo a zookeeper comes to me
fun all right guys while we wait we got
a little time before they get here I'm
going to teach you guys a little bit
about animals I don't have you know this
but I'm an expert but I do got to get
into character alright so give me a
second you ready for your glasses
rama more photo wrong because we found
turbo on her
you definitely sound like you're echoing
all sides a horrible it was just like
yeah but it looks good yeah got off the
top right flipping giraffe right there
dr. Marbury we didn't have things like
this we need you come out and look at
the Safari wow wow what a good what
Jerry would a good to be alive 2017 you
know I got to work them all nine voice
Bart I've got time come check out this
stuff there's going to go over here or
okapi local car crashes down hello
oh yeah oh yeah well good looks like
they're getting some good snacks so I
got oh look see this a little bit all
right
some are more this was gonna be like in
sixty years and I'm still blog
Hunter all right and both of my bill we
did you home we all know some
competition they're going through some
personal man yes on your truck ready
Oh
looks better with Rothrock so if it's
alright with you guys
you'll be in tomorrow's vlog just time
good thing is excited I want to
introduce you guys to the beautiful make
a wish
look at these guys what's wrong look
this is fun
now we've already we've already had a
pretty crazy day right yeah that animals
I tried to beat a cheetah Network didn't
work but we're going to do lots of fun
stuff and I just wanted to introduce you
guys to sue we're hanging out with today
and who's from the farthest away my
house matter but we're in Ohio you're in
Ohio right now you're from Colorado
who's from New Zealand you came all the
way from New Zealand you my friend
that's oh hi John I came after buddy
dealing you want to go lunch
okay so we're breaking for lunch we're
gonna go eat some lunch is gonna be
amazing so let's go eat
how far do we have to walk well you get
to ride give me a little show give me a
little give me a little
how asking that ostrich go John yeah can
you do jump you look how flexible John
is guys work it out you can do that
let's see it put your money where the
oxygen this is Mount this amount we're
like Dali written because you're flappy
pillars the candy where's the candy all
right
my candy sniffing ostrich yeah JT Nia
you want to do you want it can you get
closer though I want to make sure people
do you want to zoom in a little bit so
they can okay we're breaking away for a
minute to set up probably the coolest
lunch ever
I mean it's going to be the coolest one
ever for all these kids and everybody
involved today and I'm super excited
about it how I'll show you there okay so
the zoo has been absolutely amazing they
closed off on the coolest spot here at
the zoo for this event today I got to
show you this day is all about these
kids and they're from all over they're
from all over and their only wish was to
meet you so we've made it so special
they built a restaurant under the polar
bear exhibit where they're going to feed
the polar bears while they eat and
they're going to eat with their families
right here in my stuff look at this
oh my gosh I'm sitting here editing
yesterday's vlog getting up and these
polar bears jump in oh my gosh
did my day has just been made was he do
with the bucket just play of it
look look look he's like that I see you
every day like you know the showers is
whiter yeah you trying to get me Joe you
can't get me Jolly Ranchers from that is
the greatest thing what a beautiful
creature I do not wanna be in that water
okay so while everybody gets to eat the
family the kids I spent a bunch of time
with them now I get to go finally see my
kids today on Father's Day
I'm excited they're meeting us here and
we're getting a really cool Sakina be
cool maybe I don't know yes I think it's
um I wasn't going to say I actually said
I've got to bring this up guess what
guys stunning the rain held off ISM how
are you rain held off there's no rain
it's sunny and we've been very fortunate
to have that weather today mister
forecast right here mr. Jim Ganahl
mister I know the weather guys I don't
know how it's going to rain it's going
to storm I don't know about this and I
always say don't know you know what I
tried to be I tried to be optimistic and
positive and also positive is going to
rain
here's a lesson don't ever cancer your
plans because of the pork at least in
Ohio in Columbus you got to just keep
going keep doing your plan Romans always
said don't ever ever look at the radar
because if I'm seriously strict about
that when it comes to filming like
should we film I know about my rain
we're filming no matter what town
sometimes they win yeah there they are
is my little rascals what's up guys this
is Jack Hannah's house Murray live it's
very pleased in that right jack it's
probably yes probably another bathroom I
know
so just reason trust me we know we got
it you get a little bed back here and
you know everybody's going to ask like
so I really thought they'd do that right
PW has all the time
guys this is Jack Hannah absolute legend
and uh hey buddy join all these years
this is my little one my first one and
number three on the way oh my gosh your
face very that's very nice of you
deliver like a lot of animals and stuff
but I get very nervous I'm just very
nervous you wanna come are having at
home tonight so we're doing a Homburg
yeah I don't know about tonight for but
it you have about a female difference
came up how came little Cain hurricane
we told her like sugar cane sugar cane
candy cane hurricane hurricane or just
oh just trouble maker
okay this is Noah are you serious always
want to have a Noah really my three
girls
Noah boys that's what you had how cool
is that
yeah they don't put your face near there
is okay just like that Jim Carrey movie
remember just popper penguins or
whatever
you can hold em or no notion X not
always whole double but wow you but okay
turn your chest you're gonna have a long
shelf okay so what kind of cat is this
I'm Joffrey's cat so they're native to
South America because it looks look at
that look looks like a Hellcat they're
about house cats eyes on their
full-grown oh you animal
can you want a hold on right the Canada
are chris one who knows that's her good
offers cat so Joffrey that's your giving
you five man - yeah I'm always going to
be able to work out so you know Mabel
coming up a lot of color a little
cookout juice you pull me on a song so
we got baby Gators if I can get focused
there we go look how cool so what's uh
what what kind of Gators is this is just
an American alligator Oh sweetie I just
things get a good very big and turn into
a monster and this is actually just a
little centralization if you heard it
yeah I just heard it give me one more
one more little place well there it is
Oh baby
okay well while we drive back they're
gonna head home and plane so I gets done
but I have a surprise you guys already
know I already told you but
let's plug no I told him he wasn't
allowed to watch the wall I didn't yeah
he doesn't watch remote huh oh yeah you
ready let's fries
I got we got 21 pilots in you
oh my god and we got enough to do by
Owen I knew you would be so excited
obviously we we love the music and I've
been holding my tongue not telling Noah
he's like what do you wanna do it I
guess I'm in a column or but no way yeah
so cool right hey yeah hey come here
come on big group causing so much for
coming up here daddy be done with it
done soon okay little monster and WAP on
tonight
it's so hard for me to explain how I'm
not sure like he explained how side it
is and they drove through 19 hours here
from New Zealand for me to meet me and
it just never in my life you're the
moment anybody I'm not sure who's more
excited about that like that's in a
lifetime honor for me somebody would you
guys would make that trip going H to
meet me like it doesn't make sense to me
so funny
I love you dude you're literally a
family member but I I cannot wait first
tomorrow you are amazing
give me what kind of dog is that red
river hog
what you doing country what was that oh
you easy got him in on it now what is it
I mean okay it is now something p.m. hey
I just want to say everything this is
this is the crew right here for this big
project I just want to say to all you
fathers that work on Father's Day today
thank you so much and happy Father's Day
everybody else thank you so much as well
but I know it's a tough day to work so
thank you guys so so much thank you
whew what a day what a day we're headed
back what we're going to go to my
brothers how fathers a little bit
cook-out my parents are coming over
hopefully and that's where worn out of
here the whole time we got early
alright time very tired zombie man
something you're never tired shut that
kid up we go oh yeah so we are all have
what a great day man what a great
powerful day I feel so honored to be
doing that kind of stuff you had ten
make-a-wish kids and families today in
tomorrow they're all coming to my house
so it's the full weekend for these
families ah and I'm just excited to be
able to pull something like this off so
thanks for being here thanks for being a
part of it and it's just a huge weekend
so what up mister out what's up in bar
you got some visitors coming to my buddy
they're excited Oh what is this this is
jumbo card okay jumbo card for jumbo
awesome dad job yeah all this is awesome
happy Father's Day happy Father's Day
you are such an amazing dad to the boys
and can't wait to have this little girl
with you she'll be daddy's little girl
you better believe it a solo mom XO XO
my and cause they think everything God
what is this long as a cold heart you
did Grampa you got me a dress walk on
look at the one little word knowledge
was such a big smile on your face you
dad
mushiya STIs came had to have that I
love more all of you guys is so stupid
tired Aniyah
okay let's go to do okay Oh mouldy and
be careful he's fragile be careful on
this step
alright we're right back out of the
house I got a cup of ice I'm a you get
delirious you start laughing and being
super happy father Tom what do you eat
what is this we're doing soft on top -
aw shucks they got some really oh wait
what is this hello what is five it feels
like others old peanut candies yours are
the peanut the orange peanuts it yes so
wait so what did you do I mixed it with
water and it was super sticky
I wonder where you been you out here
doing science projects in the garage no
so this does really weird I think Dale
just did a video on it actually whoa
what I doing a little war PD dog we're
back home kanga just got King this giant
what is this kind of rap what is it a
pineapple it's not poop it's wet clothes
okay here's your Barbie okay guys gonna
in the vlog right there thank you for
being a part of today
I truly has been an honor today to get
to do the things that I sometimes get to
do having kids around the world make a
wish to meet me is just mind-blowing and
I'm always blown away by and it's not
just me like the wishes really just me
as a family my boys my girls both of
them he's in there right here yes he's
in there we are we are so blessed to
have you and to those of you that make
that wish we're always going to be right
there to fulfill it thank you so much
for being a part of this sorry if I
didn't show you everything in the blog
today a lot of it is private and you
know it just is what it is it's going to
be huge tomorrow big special day for my
wishers I love you guys I'm a little bit
of a zombie so I'm going to say goodbye
before you fall asleep yourselves thank
you for everything you are beautiful you
are one-of-a-kind
do not forget how important you are sure
to fall asleep on me stay positive guys
keep your head up
you're beautiful one-of-a-kind smama
you
