hey guys welcome to the blog brick do we
need this do we need this powdered sugar
boost these in the full fuzzies out in
the ports is last day here and I feel
like we should just give them a little
little crowd of sugar coating all right
not just add the whole like maybe maybe
some will get in and be sweet cat if you
can't get much yesterday's what Lucy
stole my GTR and took my car all day he
didn't I said he was gonna wash it he
didn't wash it so I got to get I got is
like such a classic thing to do you know
I got my flour can in here ba-boom
little powder and sugar tastes good
goosey love it bah bum bum bum you got
have a lot in there this is the most
important part this fails doesn't really
work very well huh and my oh my that's
enough
it's powdered sugar it's delicious
oh it does taste good okay um
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
yo yeah I'm getting ready get in y'all
have you seen this have you seen this
Oh help me move this box
y'all help me move this these guys need
this out of the way can you grab that
side oh you're serious
yeah no no they need it move taste it
Wow it was powdered sugar kill that one
pretty good please your watch waterproof
yeah I will open my phone dude no way
okay so today's pretty much we're all
worn out you want out as you hold higher
pegs on we've all been like zombies they
were like maybe we just get in the print
for a little while you guys are building
this giant pant back here it's like
decorating at making it cool okay what
are you doing like just like when I
throw him like this can I spin you or
throw you whoa
that's what I'm doing that is awesome
so you get suppliers applying your head
Chase is over here all day helping me
get them small more shirts up tight and
then they didn't work when they went out
so painful everything's getting better
today we are kind of taking it easy
relaxing getting in this water which
finally if you want it's almost too worn
out it's crazy
Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam you got its
floaties on it is a lazy day I get it a
little run oh you tuck in the poles
pretty low
okay I'm happy this is happy daddy no
your center now this is sounded like a
baby cry hit by the hurricane
close your eyes Liza oh my god Oh y'all
that chakras gonna blow oh that's what
I'm walking out to oh oh oh
y'all ago smokey dude you destroyed that
poor guy oh my god
once you're the one that's supposed to
be shot but I had to man he pranked me
so much you see the face shot I'd saw it
so quick story is they were playing Fifa
in there and he brucey lost which means
the bet was whoever lost had to get
shoot with roman canada one of my roman
candles well boozy just come running out
shootin chemo and chemo won the game so
I don't know I don't know exactly what
just happened I have no idea
it went from a chill day to a kill day
let me see is it
that's from the block what about the one
who smacked you and them oh there's
nothing there
wait I got it is that thing I don't know
I'll bet it yeah that red mark thing you
got lucky dude block through my job well
I think donkey enjoyed it he's
celebrating no I missed it there is he's
back he's loving it we're doggie if I
don't know about countries bite you want
a first spin did you get Mike yeah I put
it in groceries that I want to get wet
and wet you gotta stay right here
because I want you disease to put people
to keys hold the keys to the bike this
is the bike just hold also okay okay
just stay right here you're gonna be
yeah this bike it's loud though when you
start it do that
like yeah but it's dope motorcycle is
yes red and black it's fancy dude what
do you know about bikes all right right
here that's a real that's what a man's
bike was like this is see look at that
yeah I would pay to see you on that I
was fated to you on their end all right
so today is a useless last day here and
they're like he's actually raiding the
store before he goes because he doesn't
have clothes on this trip right you
don't love your rocking farm where this
whole trip so what about what about
chemo and what are they going to wear
whatever they have so you just rockin
this leg I got seen for yourself you got
to fend for yourself out here so Yousef
is saying goodbye we have really passed
some time today guys it has been I'll
explain later it's a little bit of a
rough day but we're still rolling we're
still trying to keep the streak going
guys thanks for the support the love on
the new merch we know you have to
tie-dye and the white and black
splatters being our stuff over here
that's not on the site yet he's going to
go up no I'm taking a hoodie to thank
you no zip man thanks for staying you'll
really do you know you can come back any
time we always got at least one roof for
you that was the best healthy barn
whatever it is it's here boom all these
actually this left here I don't know why
stuff in the barn I could it's not here
no this week's option yeah that one girl
you should tell her I can see you Sapir
there he is get you a lot there you go
yeah it is that time dude lightning bugs
are out we got wait if it was really
dark you'd see them like crazy
YUM I don't see anything oh yeah let's
go I saw him I saw him dude Ruthy where
is he he's camouflage if he glows it's
just give away when he gloves oh man I
love when I get to be home guys it's
like they're everywhere and they're so
easy to see but when you get up on them
they disappear it's such a get him you
got one you see
so you feel glow for us on camera oh
here just hold him here you gonna glow
see you gonna glow okay so you think
that's that'll work right we can bill
law well evening bug out with that guy
alright let's do some hot and boy here
here's your jar you know put a little
stick and some more grass in it so every
year we like to come out and hunt for
lightning bugs people call them
fireflies we uh we just it's something
fun to do your run around you catch them
you put them a little jar for just while
you're running around then we let them
go but it's fun to collect and watch the
jar glow you know something we do just
can't hit record and see you guys can
watch everything to start glowing you
baby you know oh there's a lot of them
out man
let's go first one catches
Wow
nothing okay I got one yeah I got one
he's in the jar here's another one like
right here ready you got one
put him in put him in you get him in
there
all right so we got two in there
something gonna glow oh he's xscape
artist he's gonna skip artist I I can't
really I don't even want to get any luck
you guys know that I I film to bring
positive into this world I film to
capture my family's moments I film to
try to inspire you guys motivate you
guys already know all this and like when
things happen in my life I typically
just throw it away be one I don't like
to bring anybody down I don't something
I hate I don't like I believe in
energies and I don't like bringing bad
energies into my okay y'all thank you
dude there's gonna be our glow jar you
get it all right see if we can get it to
glow ready oh I've seen it do you see
yeah I don't know and there I feel like
do you have your teeth again boy so a
little bit of a rough day nothing
nothing serious like nothing nothing bad
everyone's healthy like that around
around the whole like everything is good
like it's not to worry about like
everything is just like it's details as
business it's it's it's just it's just
boring stuff but I just want to let you
know that if I seem off today I do
apologize I really all I try to do is
bring you guys up while I capture my
life and some days we all go through a
lot of stuff a lot of crap we fight it
all of us fight something every day
whether it's big or small we all
struggle with an issue of some sort
whether someone's picking on you you
fail the test you lost your job or you
know whatever it is maybe you're
struggling in school it can be it can be
silly can be as big as getting you know
your wife cheated on you or your husband
or it can be huge it can be all scales
we're all struggling with something and
no matter how positive no matter how
happy always seem I'm still going
through things just like everyone else
so I just choose to remain positive
fight for positive and push positivity
on you guys so here's what helped me
look for bugs okay I might go help them
look for bugs but I just want to say if
I see them off today I freaking love you
guys and everything's awesome I just
have been a little off I think I'm well
I'm gonna be honest little worn out like
I had a lot a lot with little sleep so
I'm tired that's all that's all that's
what it is let's just go with that
I'm really alright enough venting enough
ranting thanks for listening if you're
still watching I'm gonna go catch them
bugs my boy you got one let's do it
ready one two three given you're in our
Oh got a oh they're fast dude see how we
did some xscape their little scape
artist man something onto the porch and
this is why I see one
one two what we had way more than that
way more there skate every time we
pulled over to the hospital
alright my fun little man whoo gotta
rebuild our house after the tribe
laughing oh man I'm see let me see
oh you mean he left his jacket what is
that even a BLM and I don't know what
this is
so that oh that's actually your hat
would you just get it in the dollar all
right put it on dude oh did other way
let me see you look good in anything man
Foofa playing I kind of did some he's a
helper man loves to help us it minded
being
knowing we were kids me and my brother
Dale help my parents through everything
is funny we were yesterday my dad came
on shoot with us and he was just talking
about how like as kids we went and we
helped him with their business and now
he comes on the shoots and helps me and
it's just so fun it's so cool to be able
to I don't know it's just it's crazy I
was just that age I was just helping my
parents now I'm getting great baby I
just did a bunch of wine enough
I know it doesn't happen much in these
vlogs it really doesn't but I did I kind
of I kind of turned into like the
pregnant emotional one I was like having
a rough day we are it was very laid back
no no no babe catch my stroke
oh uh so so yeah we really uh it was it
was one of them days where I would have
taken off I really would have and then I
and then I set the streak and
everything's going so good why would I
skip a day so it's pretty much what
today is it was like laid back ton of
work earlier this morning that wasn't
blog there's a you know we swam we hung
out we played and now I'm just kicking
it with cane kicking it with can I get
nowhere tomorrow I don't know what is
that oh it's a box ants we're gonna find
fruity stuff rose one thing good about
staying here you get to keep so much
stuff I had a new jacket a new pair of
glasses once you have I need a hive it
whoa what is that it's a doll it's a
handmade also baby but Eliza keeps
trying to steal it Oh
Fighting's your blow-up tub in the
bedroom yes still holding at we're just
making sure holds air that's all I'm
gonna try by getting you Oh speak he
sneaked II see yeah this is a little bit
of a very very unusual day compared to
like the last few yesterday's was almost
30 minutes long it was cool it's fun so
today's like complete opposite of that
not a lot of fun stuff on but I'm
getting some time Akane and that's like
number one right now
daddy's been busy very busy on camera
not so much but behind the scene guys
I'm doing so many things to make make
bake the future great so I don't know
what else to do I could see you're in
just like excuse blog where I just
talked to you guys for no reason or I
could just say let's start fresh
tomorrow
thanks for being here thick and thin
boring exciting fun crazy what happened
happened
all here's more more goodies for us
everybody make sure you let fousey know
that you forgot this okay our AC unit is
still out we still have this guy that
goes in and yeah it's like a tuba that
blows air put your head in there put
your head in it I want its money isn't
really only cool this spot else our room
like so yeah guys can you what come
single by with me we got to we just got
to what why you know I faked it let's
just say goodbye and start fresh
tomorrow we love you
you guys are awesome I hope your days
great perfect in this column right now
I'm trying to blog you can't be taking
calls with hello yeah who's this
yeah when somebody was on there who's
this okay okay he's ringing in my hair
dude who oh who is it oh it's oh it's
for Kane and it's for you oh it is
you've got that you've gotten it you've
got me all right guys thanks seriously
if you're watching this at this point
thank you so much
not every day can be crazy and fun we
love you I hope you've had the V
greatest day of your life today and if
you have it let's make tomorrow the
greatest day we love you guys so much
think positive don't forget how
important you are you are somebody's
reason to smile I love you guys you're
beautiful one-of-a-kind Kane really
wants you to make use call you really
want you to take this tall smile more
you
