welcome to the vlog guys we are this all
started with Brittany's mom begging us
all week to come camping with her and we
we kept it a secret all live to what
yesterday
no matter what she said we said no we
can't go camping we told the kids like
he's like all sleep in a tent you guys
can have my camper she was calm or
anything any excuse for us to go camping
and no matter what she said we came up
with an excuse like that we couldn't go
camping and it was one big surprise that
we were going to show up today at the
campground but yesterday Britney blue
older we even had the kids in on the
kids were we're like if she asked you
have to make up some of the kids were
making up stuff it was a family scheme
it was one big lie but it was like she
was like planting food and dinners and
stuff and like yeah so basically long
story short we are going she's got like
this crazy camper you guys seem in the
vlogs before and it's awesome and it's
like the best way to camp so we got we
rented well you know I'm just going to
show you I've never done this before
I've never rented anything like this and
I've certainly never driven yeah I
didn't know you can rip these kind of
things so we're going right now check
that out take it home to the kids in
begin this vlog so that's what we're
doing right now hope you have a great
day let's go whoa which one is it now
yeah or that that's got a price on top
there's no hey fella $130,000 for this
oh my god okay so this is it this is
ours oh my god honey you're driving I
can't drive this thing you know how long
is this thing 31 foot 30 get that
experience we hate it this isn't even
camping this is just like driving a
house can't be when you're pregnant okay
this is cool no one gained a bed wow
this is crazy this is what we need this
is what we need for what and then this
will be my captain's chair and then this
turns into a bed up here oh and this
part turns a little bed this turns into
bed and that turns into the
that is our this turns into oh these
kids are gonna freak out
this is crazy was I'm nervous I'm by
myself this thing to brighten up gonna
be super real with you guys I've never
driven anything like this it's very long
I think you said 43 feet maybe not that
long I don't know but it looks and feels
like a van up here feel like I'm just
driving on you know a Ford work man but
it's not it's really I'm actually really
nervous
there's Brittany so let's do this here
we go oh oh oh there we go maybe I
should be vlogging in with something oh
geez what was that grab it baby we're
driving it ain't no GTR barn this is 0
to 60 in like three minutes it feels
really really weird it's like yo I don't
know I don't know wait I'm not used to
driving these big things donkey look
what I got I can't wait to see what the
kids are gonna say let's go boys wrangle
up your stuff it's time to party boys
you ready let's go dude check the
stinger hook no uh report to your father
come on come on come on let's go let's
do it let's party you ready for a
weekend a weekend of it yeah you want to
drive it for me
just this big dude you guys both have
bunk beds and they're cool the men whole
night open yeah it'll open up so you can
actually walk through here but this is
this is it let's go get all our stuff
let's roll out Autobots
yeah look at that storage oh you could
right back there dude
you could sleep in there were you
thinking bar what you think dude should
we put them in there this is specific
bring a unicycle see if anybody can do
it you're not do this in is crazy
difficult well you see up there Caine
has agreed to drive honey he's got it
we'll make it he's got this feller cane
I got this can't be
in the ditch bike one wheel water I
think we're ready Jane you ready no are
you ready let's do it let's go
Oh wish me luck are you excited again
yeah me too
keeps excited I've never been in a
camper like this never been in a camper
for flippin camper so wait how are
contacted though
are you excited again yeah
second thought
we made it guys we've made it so we got
a level this camper to the ground so we
can set up camp there's a lock all y'all
we got hydraulics on this thing it's not
even touching the ground yo those bars
are going to snap all right so I'm an
amateur I have no idea how to level it
so Otto like you hit on a level it
levels but without the wood we put under
it it won't level it says unable to
finish and with the wood it's lifting
the wheels off the ground dude we're up
in the air right now the whole thing is
moving the whole thing is moving it
already looks like our house in here
Noah is so great you see the whole thing
the whole wall well I missed all the
excitement uh trying to get the look at
things off to go parently that's us with
me I don't know get out of here
you guys aren't hungry - there was a 16
day drive we drove for 16 days you guys
got to eat something
alright guys we're getting here a little
later than we wanted to but it's just
going to be a fun family getaway
something kind of mellow no computers
except for obviously vlogging stuff but
it's just going to be a really good like
time and we definitely wanted to get out
of house for just a little bit get off
the games and the computers for just a
little bit with summer break coming up
we're going to have lots of time for
that but for now is like it's the
weekend let's get out Brittany's
family's here and we're just going to
hang out goof off with the kids we're
about to get a game of laser tag
hide-and-go-seek going and just really
just kind of escape for just a little
bit of time so join us thanks for coming
and let's have some fun together
these are awesome so they'll a reach
like I don't know know what was up on
top of here and he just shot me all the
way over at that truck 10/10 television
you ready
these are awesome and it's so much fun I
know I do too
game is ghost in the graveyard this is
what we used to play as a kid all the
time it's just like hein go seek except
I'm sure there's a million names for it
but on this game everybody hides except
one person just like I seek but if I get
you then you become on my team and we
look for everyone else so everybody
wants to hide privately because if no
one knows were you hidden I got Noah
then he's coming for you um I guess you
got to this is childhood games right
here alright okay but wait if Kate it
came zit how's it gonna tag you I'm
gonna walk okay be fairly would you like
when I'm walking chicken okay I will
start it whoever is it starts in the
camper okay alright
I will come out in 50 seconds go hey so
for it
you're all mine there they're hiding and
we're I know I keep leaving the door
when I'm sorry find your seat time with
a twist I love this game I'm so over
plow here we go ready or not yeah we
didn't talk about perimeters they could
be anywhere yeah see anything but I just
got no Kate there's somebody there's
somebody somebody's running get him Noah
see my team is getting bigger as I find
people you guys got to play this game as
I find people they become on my team and
we all look for that last person and
some stranger's tent you're in there the
whole time every five I think you won
but actually means you're in four on the
campsite which means pretty much
survival mode there's no real food just
well this tables going down oh I can
lock it holy kidding
there's awesome food but I'm about to
teach you how to make the best peanut
butter and jelly sandwich ever step
number one peanut butter and a piece of
bread good simple enough anybody can do
it here we go get that peanut butter now
you want to go heavy you want to go
heavier than you normally would because
this is going to be your only peanut
butter platform all right now you take
you lay a blank piece of bread on top of
your peanut butter platform all right
now on that piece of bread which that
would be your sandwich typically not
tonight not on our campsite that piece
of bread is going to become your jelly
platform okay
pile it with jelly more than usual
because you're using double the bread at
this point guys double never done sleep
for days all right
hit it with the gel gel all right little
extra way heavier than normal because
now you're going to take a blank piece
of bread you're going to put it right
there
this is what you call the triple threat
see that like so big
mount let me just tell you hmm
that's smokin does don't I eat on it
Britney was in there she's so hot so you
guys remember how I said we're going to
get away from the video games and we
were gonna you know kind of we're going
to go rogue this weekend well we'll get
away but turns out there's a TV on the
side of camper and cam brought an Xbox
so him and Nord what is this yeah just
lost the kids below but it's all right
because we're wrapping up our night we
were sitting by the fire with Bret kind
of escape for a minute
didn't intend it and after that Eliza
yeah I eat my snack say hi everyone hi
oh this is awesome shun the moon up
there now hear the fire oh look at that
light a little less a little less okay
oh that's nice you got me with so the
vlog light just came out of nowhere
alright let's end this now got here a
little late but it's nice house baby
keep it warm
I don't care i'm too hot i'm like scoot
back our campers on fire the hours are
long enough it's brand new i think it's
burning out all the new city guys know
i'm kind of mechanic i know a lot about
the stuff thanks for hanging out with us
guys we love you so much we will see you
tomorrow out here on the campsite we're
going to do some fishing with all the
kids I'm super excited by that I'm going
to show you my fishing trick I'll never
know if I've showed you this alright
this is something special oh wait you
think I'd want you're not gonna go
fishing you were part of my trick
I love you guys thanks for everything
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
