ready what's up guys welcome to the vlog
we got Yousef Erica aka fouseytube in
the house wrap it around or like the new
mascot look at Holly how you keep your
team on my things are like don't look
like that give me at em give me a IL e
mo re mom oh hey hey hey my little mean
boy games with me tonight yeah I'll be
right back I love you but I feel like
all I do when I start my blog to step on
you guys I know ridiculous you start
going with me and soon as soon as baby
girl comes out not as soon as successor
so we're on the move today we're always
on the move we got some fun stuff lined
up to see how to Empire say by the flesh
oh you rockin the scratch post are using
flushes look at that you can tell
because it's so dirty you've been
scratching true story got to show you
this not sure if it's still there but I
got to show you this Empire has used
Britney's car as a scratch post and now
all the paint permanently scratch I
don't know if you can see that see if I
get a focus look at that the paint's all
faded in dirt from Empire alright we got
a couple cars rolling out is everybody
in you know you guys good you're gonna
follow me you need the address Oh we'll
follow you okay alright y'all you ready
you know we got to take my car it just
feels appropriate I know every time you
driven any of my views
what do you mean like this one's more
jiggling faster so I could do better in
it now let me guess that works here's a
good here's a good question for you guys
what has happened every time because
he's driven anything that I am it
usually ends up either on its side or
upside down that's not sure man what a
two time four five six thousand attack
doesn't reflect the future here we go
we're off to the races literally I think
of the rainy night
you know you only a circle on you uses
you can come his boosie's are having I
met you in your storage to watch you in
the Rope factory at my old job before I
even had a youtube channel I would watch
what you want to come some policies I
like use of the cool name but I my habit
goes to boost manage and incoming what
you want
call me what you want that's what you
want boy yeah call me what you want yo
you hate on my driving I mother will be
so bad are you are you serious well the
only thing you're gonna be you guys yeah
it's hard to racing upside down look how
beautiful it is man look at this
gorgeous outside
beautiful day yeah yeah now get this do
what be
how money two cameras get your head in
the business makers do it that's our
trailer dude all right guys so I don't
know what to expect I called my buddy
rod who owns this a drag strip right
here this is where I came and raced my
dad as his Corvette called him late last
night
last night I was like yo do you have
anything we can do at your racetrack and
he was like let me call you back so he
calls me back 30 mins later he's like
come to the track tomorrow 7:00 p.m. so
here we are we're just getting started
and we're gonna see what he's got real
quick real quick what's up okay
which one you think faster this STS s10
right s10 or that crazy-looking blue
what kind of cars the blue Opel you
wouldn't ask me this if it wasn't that
this one is that's not true I don't know
this the truck
are you sure probably have nitrous or
something and you're pranking me right
it's just a question I just under here
huh okay so this is what they got here
today
it's a souped up s10 which apparently is
blazing fast I don't know
these can go really fast yeah I'm going
to blew the handle off the door it's how
fast it is and then this is just
beautiful like yeah it looks like yeah
will fit my garage and suggestive I'll
give you my dress you guys just take it
over like United America dude that thing
is sick man it's beautiful you know when
you got a parachute strapped to the back
of your guards fast oh my thing sounds
awesome
and the GoPros rig this needs a beat I
already know you should Chuck Billy
right Billy Scott let's do it
I ate one day one day I'm having old
muscle car that just rumbles like that
noise you don't get that which I love my
G I love my car but it doesn't Rumble
like it doesn't shake the ground when
you take off I love that power I love Co
farms I've always loved more farms like
a 69 CUDA
it's like dream car like all the colors
they maybe see I know if you watch the
blog I've only been here one other time
it is such a fun place it's an 8 mile
tracks with not a quarter mouth a little
faster
we got 72 guys can do I've heard rumors
that the f10 is faster than the Opel
which this thing looks so mean look at
that I don't understand how that trucks
going to hook and beat that hog the back
tires on that blue car so
God country how many pieces the candy is
it take the ride in that you got to get
the hook up I brought all my candy on
there may not ever get enough yo you all
right you all right look at yo watch
these guys who's going to win right now
- it goes from the college right now
going to win este beautiful Pluto for
yo you ready to get in there yeah your
eyes no way
country rat a drag strip I got my car
you got your column just saying like you
want to race for ranchers want to race
for candy man operation can you are if
you win I will buy you how much candy do
I gotta buddy
we got to think about this one I think I
will buy you 20 bags of Jolly Ranchers
no 20 bag not only 20 bags
oh no 90 20 bags but you have to we have
to go to Party City okay we got to get a
Jolly Rancher costume oh you guys give
me the Jolly Ranchers in my hand the
cops no cops
so I gotta wear a costume and deliver
the candy if you beat me
yeah at least I know I don't have to do
it okay so out of nowhere they every
time they go down the track they have to
like check the college search engines
they're back there look that's why
they're doing that we got two cars
tonight here and a racetrack and they
look good my car is so dirty look at
this yo those are - I don't know who the
bigger dude your car's pretty larger
than charging how many horses you got
under the hood
it is this is a half or just one horse
it's just one horse just one horse yeah
you know No oh my god ain't no horsies
those are Jaguars hi guys what do you
think who's gonna win country for me I
feel I know I know nothing about his car
from here oh I couldn't tell you
anything about it other than its Jaguar
so I'm feeling pretty confident now I
feel pretty good plus losses here with
me so I love you buddy
you sure you don't want to race for
slips what is that that a John right
is that candy I'm going for it he's
gonna it's his secret power it's a
secret power that's not fair
they're done they're done you going down
clown
how you getting in I got adding weight
honestly here we go
Andy man was wrong
surgery yo what happened was it was it
the car when did you just let your first
time so I got to give you some credit
that I'm going to be honest a few so
your car just went and I got caught up
in a moment really watching me but I
knew you've beaten me anyway but no lady
I just became a fan of watching it's not
that one is but I kind of just felt like
that whoa like do we walk round two
round two
your car is amazing let's try again we
could try again
I feel like collar I don't want to take
I don't want to I'm gonna say that I
didn't believe the light change so quick
it has like yes anything was going on
and and I should I had I should have to
pro coaching me like right next already
charged you go that's good I don't know
and then maybe that will help me out
just a slight big we're not going to
count that one let's just not count it
let's pretend I never happen you have a
practice no no no you've got to count it
because it's been erected best out of
three then I could be behind you not so
much behind you okay let's try again
alright alright we're filming for
filming inside the car this give me film
for me or like in China catch my breath
are you out of wash that was a scary
take what I love this car
actually I just love the dragstrip I'm
gonna fucking about on us
alright we're gonna do it good this time
he'll please be safe always right huh
precious cargo
no way here the luxury car like if
you're doing luxury he's got me a CB
says what so I got a great picture to
take it off I don't know I don't know
how he's taking it man I don't know how
he's taking it okay I don't have to
dress up in the candy suit I think just
get me a head start
you want a head start here's what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna let foo see because
he's been dying to drive my car I'm
gonna let him drive it let Oh verse you
know can I can we do this can busi drive
your car and can you drive my car okay
and then I look at because I 100%
you didn't care demands driving this car
like I was a Mario can I said no ability
of driving I have to give him a head
start or can I go the same go go go so
we're gonna like we're gonna like but we
got to twist it oh hi we're speaking you
can hear it sounds risky one I let and
play my Lucy John Mike are you coming
mind that's bad
I just think about howling this one is
daddy controls everything
Oh no ha so frozen do I not look good
combination I look like Dominic Toretto
this is your chance to redeem yourself
have you ever driven a GTR yes toll
counter foxes although you've driven one
yeah then we're good yeah I enjoy it's
not hard to drive you know we could we
can be competitors or we can be a team
we're going to team up we're going to
take down fouseytube
now we just found out it's cause that I
need like the sports mode that should
help a hundred times oh fuck
oh there's baby blue look at that thing
yo I hope you're ready listen it in yo
hang on hang on
you still got that diaper you're gonna
need it
you got us over here and then you got
these hot rods actually burning rubber
my country is team us is team us you got
to film your filmer this is where I'm
trying manual in sports mode as to see
ok good on this nice this is super light
or staged up oh we got these winds
winner winner chicken dinner
oh I think we got a better chance I do
we switch toilet it's on the car you
know I like I like going down the
stripping bark ribbon before and at
seminary you're two for two right now
two for two super possibly to bring up
the run of Mayweather there you go
oh here I go scared we scared him aqua
hot cookies the bagger flashing
headlights oh oh
the Candy Man can they had the instantly
non L didn't know that you're scared bro
you're scared
alright ready when you are little go all
the way down there no no no wait wait
get dark I think it's going I think it's
finally goat huh are you gonna do it I'm
gonna do it this don't make me go by
myself
I gave it that was a child Malone you
know at that time otherwise I'm looking
spinning that's how we were spinning
I couldn't God look he got up you got it
and swear yo he is so nervous to get in
this truck but we got even my car
freaked them out so I know you're gonna
free him you're like 50 miles probably
full a full throttle yeah you're short a
mile his truck came off you know your
front wheels come up right yeah yeah
it's like a roller coaster you just get
in and hang on he'll be at the end in a
5 seconds like yeah
5 seconds and then I'm going next is
there like a body suit of armor I've got
a brain back a brain bucket that sounds
horrible that's the worst thing he is so
nervous he's pacing and the cars over
here once we leave you'll be fine oh it
ain't asked how much will we be going by
the end of it about 120 in the a no is
he in there and see a moon Joe he's so
scared right now I can't even express I
can't explain how nervous is
Oh oh my god oh god I'm so I didn't get
out right now I just pop out he's so
scared
posting posting
oh you come off the ground
um yeah I was it was amazingly powerful
yeah but I'm trying to get out before
you goes again see I'm just excited
boozy you were you'll just hear it or
that nah my beer comes out of excitement
so you get excited you my defense
mechanism okay I'll did okay well you
didn't get out the car yo is that pee on
the floor man oh man is that what is
that that was not wet before looks funny
this is her helmet is drag racing she
controls drag race okay this is nothing
you can't believe it
Wow
dude thank you that was awesome your
trucks an absolute monster
that's what you need right there I mean
what do you drink that and you get in
your car and no they told me if I put
this in the car
it's going to move faster so do I put
this in the passenger seat I don't I
don't know I think you just set it in
the car and it's faster yeah all right
that all you do you just said it you're
the drag racer here yo your helmet saved
me we did a couple barrel rolls there's
nothing I don't think you let screw see
vomited in it all right guys you know
what first of all look at this sunset
does it get any I mean that's that's
that's pretty Hawaii it's right there
last time I think something like that it
was why it's beautiful
you know what but now it's time the gt-r
must take on the s10 and it will
probably not where's that truck is that
it's a sleeper dude you would not if you
sold out on the road you'd be like it's
a it's an s10 my car's getting it
stopped at every fun
oh my gosh I'm all about fun you guys
know that so I don't care if I win I
don't care if I lose it's all about fun
all right it's me versus you chase yeah
I feel pretty confident tonight sunsets
got me lit I'm just a passenger so
there's not much else I can do
well you got a hike look you gotta you
gotta say go go go come on I'm gonna I'm
gonna give them the whoo that's it but
but bigger the outer trust me when you
take off you're just naturally this
floor is so sticky it almost pulls my
shoes off I'm serious it'll I'm gonna
get John in here with me also I need
somebody to film for me because I want
to show you how hard this truck pulls
like it is ridiculous it cannot
translate on camera just how fast it
come up in with me take a ride and then
yo s chase and Billy we're gonna give
them a head start
we're good
nothing is gone going on that truck is
so fat
I love sleeper trucks like if you see
that going down the road you look at
that old truck no you look handsome
dropping happen no this car is bad like
you know a GTO is that so you know how
fast that truck is when it's just dawn
it pops we're doing like art on publicly
yo you're lucky I gave you a head start
that thing is awesome man I love it the
nos has 10 that's fun right I just want
you to smoke those that you and the I
got yeah I got smoke yeah I got smoke
came out from far get all yeah as bad I
know Ohio live Ohio la we're going today
to a buddy bud what it goes no I'm not
having everybody buzz be dumb beedo
beedo we give this man a plug because
you just hooked it up no charge enough
and he just let us come in have fun what
you got anything coming up that you just
maybe somebody come out have fun matter
day night we have cash days 2.0 and it
is a ton of fun gates open at 4 o'clock
can people bring their cars you can
bring their car grudge race it's a wild
time
peg I might come emails oh come on okay
so pacemakers guys if you're local bring
your car have some fun this place is
awesome
so what's your YouTube channel street
racing channel and you do it like you
build and stuff on there like with your
truck we do interviews we do race it's
all racing stuff promote race to the
track sweet over there okay there you go
there's a guy that's going to teach you
how to build a s10 that pops wheelies
that's awesome man keep it up alright
guys doing a serious war back to the
house Kimo what's your experience man
what do you think of Ohio so far well
Roman hey I don't mean to puncture your
rights to anything like that but are you
something all I got to say is I got me
from championship wings so I'm buddy
buddy buddy
we might have to change your name that's
gonna help me thanks a lot I appreciate
it and I appreciate a lot not leave it
at that thank you
sure we're cool okay moaning the wings
are getting to him we're going to wrap
the flag I actually hang on let's see if
anybody's awake okay everyone's still up
but they're not really in film
conditioned mode so I'm gonna leave it
at that I'm going to end this book
thanks for hanging out with us today
guys I had a great time and would you
think that the phone I mean I'm having
the time I need a good time I always
dealing with you that's awesome I love
that man we will see you guys tomorrow
hope you enjoyed today and streak
continues I think today's 41 uploads in
a row which isn't crazy for YouTube but
it's crazy for me lately so thumbs up
for that we'll see the mom your
beautiful one-of-a-kind smile
you
