hey hey hey welcome to the vlog guys it
is beautiful it is wicked it was them
could change it wake up buddy hey we
almost there almost there another road
trip we've been on the road for 14 hours
- 13 hours and 30 minutes we're doing
pretty good we're doing pretty good I
look sleepy so breaking up with Jack dad
dad jokes today I hope you guys are
doing awesome feeling good we are
cruising up to the airport I have a box
apparently that team they come to us
then come the ups that actually got
dropped off at the airport usually
that's fish for my aquarium they always
get delivered to the airport or tub but
today I just have a box that we gotta go
pick up space with me we're heading up
to the airport and I'm on a great day
you guys are Airport we're always here I
just I don't feel like this is like
where you pick up packages this is like
there's no way I can't leave the car
there they'll take the car 100% this is
definitely not the spot dude like we got
to keep moving
yeah I don't know how to get there I
don't know where to go hello hey I was
supposed to receive a package today at
the airport said it was here for a Roman
Atwood
oh yes in this town this is no special
books do get to the special books
yes mr. Bach I will have for you a
special books about the little bit too
heavy because you know we'll have the
maximum using available tq1 no 120 humor
okay so where do I go because right now
I'm literally outside my hotel have no
idea where to go yeah yeah for coming
here to dodge don't you understand if
it's for you no problem
you just you'll sleep it becomes real no
problem no I drink a lot max we look for
you they have a tie and looking nice and
healthy challenges there you come in
there and you will give you the books
okay so good buddy thank you okay thank
you spike the box is there Emma where
are you answer any question dang it okay
so we've been literally hunting for this
box it said it's not theirs there's a
box sitting on top of this graph there's
no way that it looks like the box from
we call like I'm not even check it out
for look at this look at this man I
don't know dude that was super super
fishy there's just a box sitting on this
lawn oh yeah
what does it dude it can't be good
there's no all your hands are so Vinny
yeah the Middle East were you what were
you going to sorry
15 hours ago yike welcome home welcome
back to where you where'd you come from
right now I could talk if I was really
in the Middle East I was in Qatar and it
was awesome I just it was getting like a
little too overwhelming and I was like I
need to go to Romans house dude you've
been with my he literally call I'm not
kidding you called me you like check him
over only literally I had to it was
going to give me that relaxing all we
need to talk here for you man so let's
go have some fun we thought the box was
a fun way to bring him up because I
don't know you tweeted that months and
months month oh yeah I reading in a bar
that was in retweets and I'll shit
myself to Roman outlets house they got
like 15,000 so with yeah well i
retweeted it I'm not kidding so off
we're off to see the Wizard
yo I see it they sanic he's got a car
fire it up
not good don't that happened to me on
the side of the highway my car caught on
fire oh whoa whoa but where's the big
help do that you saw shoot I have been
through that before the same day at
least everybody's okay they're just
everybody's chilling
there's no import' okay I'm gonna tell
you a true story about my car catching
on fire it really happened I really went
through that same scenario that my car
was brand new and ever since that day
fire scares me to death like I'm
terrified a fire doesn't seem like it
because I do all the firework stuff
another I hate fire dude it is be worse
I'm paranoid that things just catch on
fire for no reason man so we've we've
wanted to eat right because you guys
been traveling you've been flying and
you wanted Bob evidence of all the
places like we had so many options he
said Bobby talked about this place last
time I didn't get to meet him and I want
to be instead I want to meet Bob okay
I'll ask one here yeah that's one so
Yusuf brought a friend
quemo from waiting from it I'm from
Egypt Egypt yes full car from Alexandria
right over the course I'm Beach oh to be
mad have you ever been to Ohio never
first time that liver also forever and
there's one thing that I really need
what is it I've always wanted to try a
corn bread you've never had Columbia I
never had Cobra never had court that's
probably some most people in the United
States have had and reser Amish me you
know first cornbread experience race
okay I'm gonna get you the best
cornbread we got to get on the point
guard I got some you should try dude
these are really delicious like a little
milk Chuck yes our dad never had a shot
of milk super shot of milk yeah he has
from California
you thought I saw the mill yeah of
course listen is this like a high old
thing okay so you just hooked it oh that
that's written in that real cornbread
all right yeah that's cornbread right
there corn with bread on it stuff he's
been dying to try it so this is your
first ever cornbread so how about it huh
yeah you might want to use the portion
right well no you know that like
tradition we just grabbed it I guess and
you did like a taco yeah man
cornbread what did you think cornbread
was that's cornbread very like fun
climatic it's not as exciting what'd you
think it was going to talk to you like
this
Corner bread but because in the organize
when they put do nape again is usually
something something feeling okay all the
chicken and waffles is just chicken on
top of the waffle holders together
either like a family or is this corner
on a bread that's it buddy that's why
all the movies talk about cornbread I
wouldn't movie these watching us is
talking about corn-fed say these movies
otherwise where it's like you know
you're on you get them poured great
movie it so give it a shot
tell me what you think here's yeah hi
Columbus be good with 1100 on Genesis he
left
okay
everything you thought it would be I'm
very disappointed okay listen I'm gonna
get you some serious Coomer I'm out Momo
my grandma I need you this um that
that's just Brenda corn I come all the
way to eat it Roman I come away from me
to tears you make me do thank you you
wanted a new resident my real quick Oreo
firm bed I got you how mommy with some
Egyptian falafel oh yes huzzah me I love
that I know food on me yeah come here
come on you guys what are you guys you
just want to go to my house so what do
you guys want to hotel like what you
want to do you know over to your house
okay okay we're gonna be a disturbance
to Brittney though I want to give her a
privacy well I don't know what you're
going to be you're always welcome for my
all right we won't be loud we won't be
loud we'll give her her space so before
we rush home the guys the lake in the
sunset just looks I mean the lake don't
always look this pretty so it's a great
time to bring here and it is beautiful I
mean I can't
it's gorgeous they're gonna throw up a
drone and get some shots this is Buckeye
Lake born and raised right here been
sick many times from getting this water
it's not as pretty as it looks but they
are making it better it's supposed to be
really nice over the next few years I'm
excited about that
Oh fuzzy crazy pussy's here he's ready
to tear this place up
I don't know how Shane feels about yeah
Oh mommy leave mommy's at a birthday
she's at Ann's birthday
hey I'm Pam I missed you little monkey
man oh it's the best feeling in the
whole world real happiness right here
are you going right now
you know what just because you do need a
shower it's been days me never would
have done this because he was always too
worried about stuff but you know what if
it was deep though what would you do yo
so Brian came today and edged this all
out and poured this this nice rock it
just looks so much better all that stuff
lit bingo you know
I saw the flip Mingo cuz it flips yeah
look you went around and curved it all
with the pool so much nicer rocks look
really cool when they're cleaned up
they're colorful but this is how they
come just brown this part we kind of
washed with a hose and they're really
pretty and colorful yeah I would just
yeah and then you jump on and that's the
best way to get on that raft okay you're
sure yes 100%
there you go nutjob alright getting a
little time with my little water bug
here and hanging out yeah
nice with a bath in the pool you guys
have been traveling from the other side
of the world today they've been flying
for how many 20 hours 15 RS means 15
hours so it's a nice little break right
here welcome to my house you know that
was happening because I heard him start
it because he do that
because he can't find class you can't
find the dog he does that really yeah oh
one last thing I just want to tell you
guys you came at the best time because
our air conditioner went out yesterday
so we've had no air conditioner alright
so we had to rent this jumbo look at
this this is a giant rentable air
conditioner and it's trying to supply
the whole house yo it was 83 in my house
all day it's still not that cool
that is our AC unit right now that's it
that's our only source bigger question
uh-huh what do you mean I should we're
leaving everybody's house well Empire is
not using his barn right now does you
know like if you need the space with him
started very small
okay uh-huh
I said I saw my first horse on this
journey in the middle II and now I'm
seeing my first friend who's pregnant
I've never had a friend pregnant really
I swear your friends on Facebook
slow down Jerry I got a thing why should
we know she moves though yeah yeah it's
an experience it feels like this just
life maybe never looking out -
congratulations estimated there's a
little human girl in there with Sam's
birthday she a good time we went to like
Josh's camera so blurred the Ocean Club
which is amazing which everybody what is
it the club you raised no it's a
restaurant
yes it's restaurant and then you went to
UM like a mom comedy show it's called
pump and dump
it's like a good pump no it's like a
moms night out okay it's about things
that only moms understand was it good
good I like it so we are we're going to
end this vlog and get ready for tomorrow
we got a bunch of fun stuff tomorrow
planned out and just glad to have you
here mommy can i buy fifa you don't play
visa yeah you know I just showed you
look I just showed him battleground oh
yeah I'm late he said he said he said
you'll go film go he's like I gotta try
this out and so that being said we're
going to end this vlog thank you guys so
much for hanging out with us today like
what where we sleep in oh I didn't show
your please no
anyway I love you guys thank you for
everything
we'll see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
mom one
you
