and
okay okay today is the day gut Momo
yeah do you want to tell everybody what
we're doing we're going to skydive are
you ready I'm ready
eighty years old I'm almost home Scott
what you think King crazy great I know
that's what I want to do good you know
I'm pretty happy to be here originally I
said I really wouldn't do it not worth
the risk
you know why risk it so but I don't know
I'm here and I'm excited so let's do
this
basically what's happened here is not
only is grandma we've been working on
this you know we talked about this on
your 79th birthday and I said let's do
it at 80 I said we're going to do it at
80 she just turned 80 guys as you know
this is a very anticipated day you're in
the work and now my brother which has
never skydive is going to jump my dad
who was never scared is also going to
jump and we're just going to make a day
of it we've been waiting for this
forever I know mama
is there a chance that you still think
you can back out or you're going the
motherland on commander lies there you
have it it's so blue would you jump if
you weren't if you weren't carrying a
giant baby girl yeah probably I'm kind
of jealous really lean in I'll just keep
waiting mama we'll do it 81 all right so
this week excited I feeling I'm feeling
I got a better party canes one skydiving
- I can't believe you're gonna jump
that's crazy
good timing we got a country back here
we got Gil somewhere where you go right
there
get in the shot today boy Chase is
helping us get some extra footage to
hopefully make this video even more more
better more exciting mom I hear dad just
got here that's great timing what are
you thinking dude my last skydiving ha
great don't he's glued on me what a good
boy can you see that guy he's coming
down right now that's pretty cool how
you feeling do it you know what I don't
know I was like I'm eating my breakfast
I'm like you know what I'm probably
gonna pee my pants
I don't know why I'm nervous I've
actually done this once Brittany and I
did it just a few months ago and I don't
know why but I actually feel nervous
today maybe because all you guys are
giving them vibes I think I would still
feel nervous yeah I mean you're jumping
out of a plane there's no I mean at what
point does that become comfortable
that's why I only peanut butter take the
same coming up as it does going in we're
going to good you can't talk today we're
going to get in this is the place
Brittany and I actually came they always
help us out hook us up and we're going
to get registered sign up get everybody
in here and I don't know I don't know if
we got to run through like a little
chorus or not don't remember dude me I
don't remember it was just like a five
minute this is what you do put your arms
out all the video that's right way to
watch the video and did you sign that
haver they're not liable anymore hi kids
yeah and you also you to find the note
turn back make it one better the the
troop is movement and we are a man I
wish you were doing this R it brings out
crazy memories leave this place
Wow packing shoots and like it's crazy
mess mess level what's up man how are
you good to see you again
No
hey they'll not get in that dude yo is
that you packet
I thought you find I pack mine similar
what you guys are doing over here right
this looks a lot cleaner now yeah this
one's for you specifically so the most
important shot which you already know
like this guy's the man but just at that
exit that plane axis yeah I'm excited
but I'm not nervous
not a strong one good-looking guys flew
her down I can't wait to see Malmo space
guys like what like I don't even know
what to expect is even when I went up
the first time I had no fear at all
until the plane took off and then also
my chest started beating I was like
their oxygen off I start freaking out I
know I'm gonna be fine this time around
I've already done this plus they'll pack
my chute so I know I'm good I'm good on
that day land dad I think they'll be
fine okay so we could mom all this is a
real test for mom on right here like if
she like we're going to know today how
good her heart is yeah mom all getting
suited up this is it this is it here we
go yeah first time good how we get how
we tie into this one you get me into all
kind of stuff you know what I'm glad
we're doing this in my oldest you know
there's in left time cutoff if anything
goes wrong the funny thing about humans
is they do everything backwards when
you're young you do all the dangerous
stuff but in reality you should do it
when you're old enough time lost it
makes sense being so negative everyone
thought it's gonna be great freaky caner
dude you look ready to watch by the way
hold out it's like a high of 58 today
it's okay but it's cold especially for
this little guy one of the guys who was
trying to convince my mom to jump
because she doesn't want to
said you'll never know why the birds
sing if you don't jump I like that
ready yeah well I think we're making
your birthday wish finally come true
today yes we this has been about and all
we got to do is jump now that's it
that's it actually we just fall they
kind of do the jumping Oh remember to
pull the chute they will still remember
unless they pass out which that only
happens like every three four jumps up
we're good
dang Tom Cruise over here you just need
a weapon bro this wanted to bring one
weapon I know how'd you get in here with
those
your boy
time
you
Oh
I'm Joe
Wow
yeah
oh yeah
Oh
poor guy did I hurt you hey let me set
him in it
thank you what was the best part that
young guy hanging on to me sure oh here
I forgot like I forgot my side 80 per se
wow you're very welcome but I'll show
you I wouldn't do it again
hey Bill yes after the applicators the
after after glows I'm okay with your
heart gosh I thought we'd never get down
good would you say I got it
I enjoyed daughter well deprives me how
does that hold it on hold when I
officially call her in her parachute I
went out second Ellen out for would you
think much she didn't get that I your
super you are what you do it again
you do it again I can do it again I'd
like you to think about it for a while I
don't have to mama mama
I'm so proud of you are you yeah I'm so
proud of you that is legit I'm proud of
me too
there's so many people that will not do
that jump and we did I'm gonna tell you
I caught my foot on that there's a
railing in there and I call my toe on I
heard I thought I caught me sinners well
go let's go let's go so much with God
you guys did it that's the fires awesome
and what you say what you think I it was
incredible
I actually enjoyed going first yeah just
liked it it was like these go like dogs
yeah it's hard to breathe right you hit
that hitting hitting full speed is
everything it's open your mouth it's
drying second
you're like 130 mile an hour zero Degree
air yeah you see me waving to you I wave
to you yeah they told us down here last
one in goes first and I go it's Dale so
I take it last one in first one out he's
like yeah am i okay a little a few
minutes moments about you're sleepy
aren't you it knocks you out wow it
really does Brittney I could barely
Drive when we came here on the way home
what's your what you're like relaxed
you've got some you know what I feel
good but you know what jumping in that
hole in the Bahamas he's more scary than
jumping out really that was for me I
don't like that's true because if the
little kid didn't do it there you like
that little kid doesn't have to do it
what happened so and then with her if
she was going by your I couldn't even
act like it's this you know you have I
know Mall just did it is awesome
go ahead no claim it it happened so fast
I'm still recovering from a seizure just
like that we've left the way we came
except you're now an official skydiver
you're a bird you're a bird first of all
the video is going to be way cooler
because they filmed everything for us
they give us six cameramen dude six they
just hooked it up for you guys
especially in our memories and then
chase as well filmed a bunch of stuff so
the vlog should be and look a little
more professional today more like a show
maybe I don't know I couldn't get away
from the camera I was trying to cry in
private no I'll show you mr. beard and
private and you can't be scared on
camera so we're just always not scared
yeah already huh I'm so funny everyone
gathered around watching mom also get is
this mama yeah right yeah I just went
down oh it's all of us yeah oh it's
awesome you really committed you really
impressed everybody I'm sure you guys
are impressed that you just didn't back
out get it
Kane has been a cuttlebug all day
working back home mom I was running
she's running sleeping boy you slept the
whole time lucky I'm so anyone our dry
envious two hours of just sleep in the
best end of Thursdays this is definitely
just for you flash all right
Empire it's for you buddy you're not a
meteor but here I got you something
flash was legit how a heart attack if I
gave donkey food in front of him he
freaks out I try to give him an apple
plast takes the app on runs with it I
got to catch it on film cause it's
hilarious steals the Apple just so don't
you can't have it you're so jealous you
I love you but you're jealous we're back
um exhausted like I'm so tired Cain
slept the whole way home like a good two
hours I'm going to throw on some good
food because that'll give me energy and
I think me and the boys are going to do
a little game night which would be just
awesome right now okay so basically I'm
a showered I feel ten times better we're
going to eat as a family we're going to
hang out I'm probably going to just turn
it off play some games with the kids
tonight really get some one-on-one with
them and my gosh thanks for coming along
on the skydive trip thumbs up for mama
my dad my brother for all doing it mama
80 years old jumping out of a plane and
she did it guys she really did it thanks
for being a part of it and I know she
just couldn't even more excited like she
was so happy that she did it we love you
guys you're beautiful you're one of a
kind
small one
