what up guys welcome to the vlog this is
exactly what my hair looks like out of
the shower injured in the stuff look at
this dog look at it straight this is
what my hair looks like right out of
shower and dry that's it
giant cowlick goofy that's why I put it
in a hat guys look at this thing it's
the cowlick dude it won't oh gee we love
flashy we love you hey dude you look
evil it looks like a big bad wolf I'm
gonna blow your house down so here is
video we have been waiting on sunshine
right there for like a week it's been
raining storming yesterday you saw ice
sleet hail Oh donkey everything in my
life right now revolves around the
sunshine or our entire construction area
can't be done until it's been dry for
like four or five days so that's like
almost never going to happen
skydiving is tomorrow as long as it
doesn't rain the rain has held us up
doing just about everything that we
wanted to do so stay with us we're doing
it all it's just we're just waiting on
weather basically ready yeah are you
ready hey we got to get a couple things
this guys let's take the big guy here's
one we haven't got out for a long time
this is my gas-powered monster dude this
thing's a beast lots of batteries we
need these guys you take those and I'll
get the truck this is all we need hell
we just we got a run in the store and
get a couple things me and Kane are
about to go to our Brittany's asleep she
is completely knocked out and Noah's not
here yet sir Kane and I are going to my
brother's because today is my brother
Dale's birthday it's his birthday and we
got him a couple of things I want to go
get me the first things not really his
birthday I mean it is a birthday present
but it's something I bought a long time
ago and I accidentally bought the wrong
one and it was a long story but
basically Dale needs a receiver that's
what this is it's for like surround
sound or stereo so I'm going to give him
that the next thing is super cool it may
not seem cool to you guys because it may
not interest you but Dale it's like
everything mommy doors locked
come on dude can you kick the door down
please kick it down you've got to run
through a full speed
it's long I know isn't light on in this
joint where is there it is like I said
this is weird for a lot of you bought to
my brother you have no idea with an ice
maker like he robbed more than anybody I
know he loved ice doesn't he chews on it
all the time like middle tonight he'll
be eating ice so we got one of these a
while back still loves it we got in one
boom let's see it
oh you could roll it not sure if it's
the best thing for it but happy birthday
Dale I got an idea for you
okay you can take it you can take it all
the way to the truck okay
if it falls you're paying for it you're
here yes the dolly system the buddies
again I like this idea
oh I do much as I did oh my gosh is like
genius just like teeter totter not bad
dude
you got it teamwork makes the dream
alright let's push it we made it no
problem no problem we got to get our
truck say goodbye to these watery nose
my flesh bye buddy you like sitting on
the ramps huh you like sitting on the
rafts by umpire he just like scratching
his neck on the ramps we got him oh it
feels good
oh come say bye bye buddy bye I'll see
you soon I see you soon dirt ball yeah
when was the last time we drove the
truck feel like it has been a while we
haven't driven the truck for a while so
Mowgli had gas by the way guys hope
you're having an awesome day hanging out
with my bull and my buddy we are waiting
for Noah to get here in Brittany mommy
toy go I should say mommy huh it's mommy
we got gas buddy we got gas happy
birthday my camera's all blue dogs my
few dreams I do really like tell me
Dumbo on I didn't buy one I almost did I
was on the website multiple time hey
let's get this thing hooked up plugged
in let's fire can you say fired up with
ice maker No
they cool it down let's cool it down
pops hey don't on that's starting to
look like my place over here oh and you
know he wanted that dude out my spool on
a couple is actually hot oh hey mom hi
girl oh yes today old guy his little
deep-fried have you done this before
french fries there's this time it is is
this is the first time the best way I
guess you've tried it before before it
was just like you throw them in you cook
it hopefully they're crispy this time
we're going to guarantee results
whoa it is hot okay so Dale's making
homemade french fries which is cool he
had them in like this bucket of ice and
he did like the whole video on his
channel checking it out but I have never
done this one really excited shot
homemade french fries I think got to be
hover blogging - I am hover vlogging it
you know they probably wondered how am i
walking so smooth I don't think anybody
would have noticed her blog it's great
this is my last trick you guys are ever
going to see I'm going to just simply
ride off the porch
oh good thumb now I bet everybody would
click that right right guys gonna do
something that I just love you guys know
this is nothing new I love our seas with
my kids without my I could literally do
it by myself and be happy like I just
enjoy it it's fun I've never brought
this over to Dale so I want to see what
we can get into like what kind of chaos
I can do with this thing all right first
test see if I can make it down these
steps it's test number one I gotta make
it down to set and I put these lights on
it right here when I was pulling the
kids in the winter and I guarantee I rip
those off first test steps oh that's a
big drop no problem can it go up the
steps oh it's pretty tall not for me
it's just me and my RC taking a walk
taking a walk oh I'm gone I'm looking
for RAM like I want to hit a ramp but
there's just a pretty empty back here
there's a trail we've jumped to Dale's
of blue for 10 SC this thing's wicked
fathom I try to do the trampoline ring
very important that you trust me already
yeah
by the way Noah's here hey Bonnie it's a
fight for your life cousin Lee love
those these the ones that you just put
in or these different these are like
incredibly thick fried deep fried um
honestly I don't know this is just what
we got I don't know what had an
effective recipe yet this is like the
Colonel Sanders have wrench provides
know lots of deep-fried
I think the batter that right oh it
really goes isolate weird in you could
open up your own shop doing good I'm
feeding a chicken finger Lee but it's
just the brain fry inside why is there
so much power coating somewhere by I
just think it's like why don't they
taste like french fries dice where's
fries what I look like french fries um
what am i eating
what's mom got oh my gosh mama is that
bacon ooh I don't kick a fry it's not a
funnel cake just put some powder so
power sugar prize Dale you got powdered
sugar all right yeah let's give that a
shot no no this precise science fair we
got eight oh yeah but doesn't it taste
like a chicken fingers
those are good there's some Oland down
french fries are good yeah but this is
seasoned right seasoned spicy
sorry you brought me down here just
doing the upside-down drums that's what
I want to know who's doing the drums you
want to do it again
hoist you up that's pretty cool I love
that
you're good at it what's up again
way to go Rex you sure did buddy Oh keep
going you got this oh oh
good grip nice termination go all the
way and I don't know if that swing on
get that swing up look at this fruitcake
this is a serious is a real all
fruitcake very well give us I don't see
it as a chore you know you're nuts just
let your own Candle oh I didn't know he
doesn't want us to get any wax on the
cake ah
beaver hey do you happy
happy birthday dear day oh happy
birthday to you bro
oh let's note on that last clip where
Kane was hangin right well honey he blew
off the month more thing landed sideways
so lucky he's all right give me five man
you are a tough cookie so bad open wide
for daddy uncle Roman hook you up
Wow more doors much more door oh yeah
baby's hungry
okay all right Dale just opened a bunch
of birthday gifts this one really caught
the mighty yes way from it how much you
want for it right now your hands off
let's go for now your price our pain is
mine put 50 bucks can't be by my dad
painted for my brother's right now
when's the last time you paint this is
it this is like a reunited this is like
a real like so here's the true story
haven't painted in 25 years - the little
Hawaiian worm - thing someone gave Roman
Noi
pay my numbers
they were almost paint-by-numbers three
little paintings and after I did that I
much like you know when I got to get
back get painting so when I got back I
was like I need to paint a picture of
Hawaii and you my friend check this out
guys my dad painted that for Dale's
birthday it is stunning
cat would 2017 can't wait till my
birthday
guys I'll bundled up packed up ready
this camera's been so blur oh there's
the focus cane are you saying bye
grandma
I'm is flying had a great time over at
my brothers and we're headed home that's
that's right folks were headed home well
we may not have the palm trees in the
heat but we've had some beautiful
sunsets that's pretty so in yesterday's
vlog last night yeah last night I showed
you guys the big ring around the moon
and I hit the purse come on donkey
come on Empire hey I showed you the big
ring around the moon and to me on camera
it was so right but once it hit YouTube
you could barely see and I felt so bad
this is like his looking spot if you
only give Empire love like hey Empire
flash free so hey Empire Empire was sick
okay guys we are back home settling and
what's going on here we need to have a
really serious talk because tomorrow
morning when we wake up which is why
we're in the vlog now tomorrow morning
or take them almost skydiving it's
official it's in the books not only that
but my dad who is also never skydived is
going in skydiving I could calm my
brother who is never skydived is going
and going to jump so we are going to
have the most insane vlog tomorrow
because nobody wants to do this
but at the same time it's like like with
my dad and my brother my god I just want
to experience this with my dad and my
brother you know and they're there like
they're doing it but there's a part of
them that I can tell they're like we're
doing this to do it with you like it's
not like they would go skydiving right
now by themselves ever like it wouldn't
happen so and I feel like that's kind of
what skydiving is I wanna go again like
I'm really bummed that you know you
legit liked it one of me yeah oh the
reason we need toxic is normal skydiving
and the more I think about it like
leading up to it I'm like it's all good
when you're talking about it but when I
get in that plane with mom all and it's
just us heading up like what if she
bails what if she says now she can't do
it I don't see her she's wanted to do
this for so long there's no way I don't
see that happening but like in my head
on my crap like I'm taking almost
skydiving now like this is for real so
basically um I don't know I guess by the
time you're watching this we are
skydiving so that's that yeah I already
been skydiving once it's good I just
feel like I'm freaking out about it now
but it's gonna be awesome I can't wait
to show you guys I know you've been
waiting mall mom's been waiting we've
been waiting to do this and I'm just so
glad it's happening we got great weather
tomorrow hopefully and it's happening so
scout add vlog is tomorrow it's next
which is great because you guys know we
have a blog we love you so much
thank you thank you for everything happy
birthday to my awesome brother Dale
please jump over this channel just say
happy birthday - it would mean the world
if you guys just check this stuff how he
works really hard and he works full-time
at the same time he does more than
anybody I know that he's a workaholic so
any love you can get my brother Dale
happy birthday brother we love you so
much and we will see you guys tomorrow
beautiful one-of-a-kind smile more
you
