welcome welcome to the vlog guys we
aren't where are we we in Miami
he said it's folks in Miami last night
well I think you see my head because we
are in Miami Oklahoma Oklahoma Miami
Oklahoma in Miami Oklahoma I know you've
been to Miami let him say is mom we are
I am fighting this throw is going is
just going nuts making everything
difficult work out let's go ready we
didn't need our nuggets dude are poor
now I get so I got last don't carry them
all the way from where we learn Texas
those are Texas nuggets make video
that's why every I can't wait to get
there and eat my chicken I want to find
my Oh chase losses that last man on my
way you put a set upload over yeah so
you don't put your head out the window
dude how many times I got my nuggets bar
Texas nugget Oh who's got the pizza hey
I'm not getting your coffee now what do
you mean never responded my tech you
were going to get me coffee
yeah well human-machine everything I
like right okay what is pickled mild
Orca isn't it working
Oh dried over whale sounds like a
middle-earth character dude are you
gonna use ur nose yeah that's for a
different chase no look at the food
delicacies in Oklahoma yeah hop leaning
back Jade which me Dale this is not a I
will Bob will hurt you I'm hurt your
family like welcome to the beautiful of
Miami Oklahoma if you Brian
oh and god I hate this team I'm sure oh
my god it's a black thing what my knees
are touching the seat there's no more
room just filled out he will still do it
always a decent effort Thank You family
anyway we didn't we can't travel
together we just can't travel together
that's khalsa take a ticket put whoo I
don't know where we're going
maybe gonna eat the job oh my yeah wait
you know
look at the rockymounts to be a little
bit more rocky than this that John
Denver oh yeah this is a mate what is
trees out and uh almost went right
through this game oh my yeah that's a
lake looks like the ocean Lake man's I
can't largest like in the country two
hundred feet deep what's the name of
light you know it's some old Cherokee
something that's really cool man Araki
people so we're just driving by and
we're all like we got to stop and see
this place dude it's cool it's super
windy this is awesome oh look giant bird
pterodactyl sitting down there there's
like this tree in the tree in the sea we
got to stay moving
I just love nature so you got to
appreciate things like this man second
second largest lake in the country right
there big so you were here yes Dale flew
out earlier yesterday before us and he
went all over this place so you went
there yeah this place is amazing really
cool
so we're cruising around town we've
never been in and we're passing places
that were each thinking about stopping I
found this crazy like car place that I
want to stop out John what was the place
you want to call that
cheapo Depot or country I think we found
your corn dog joint right sorry
so ethically should I ignore I want to
go we're only gonna loan I'm gonna build
something you did you can find
everything there I was thinking like
places we haven't Dan necessarily oh I
didn't get some Dale brought up there's
a giant rodeo in town that we may try to
hit tonight I think that's world
championship that's just what we go get
cowboy hat what other Kaduri notes
brochures there is there is those cowboy
stores from Texas here yeah or the radio
I need to no no no no if we go we're
getting full word I'm in oh hey that did
we have to be in leather it's just like
Mick it's gonna make my body put into
jerky but Dale just found a roller rink
they lift gate I don't know they look
busy so Joe I went to a roller rink
late last year with the kids and we had
a blast place is jam-packed yeah it was
awesome a what if we underrated
definitely underrated place
hey what if they knew couples only ever
going to have to all like hold handed
it's out it's not coupling right it's
not overhanging a lot of people actually
don't know this but how much do you love
their stores dude I love thrift stores I
love saving money I love good financial
decision and we take we've heard the
cheapo Depot is the hot spot right here
in this town so we go check it out man
actually I don't know John I don't know
dude oh we have to wait outside
it's like challenging to the road is
challenge you need the tin boat I guess
if you're in this part of town it's it's
not a thrift store as much as it is just
yeah it's like just how know it's weird
items cheap totes cheap
totally see this guy and I don't know
how con she needs money yeah you're
right look at this I think in the CIA
100 when you're like that it's all off
printed let's get him the CIA he thinks
I feel like we could go bugging in there
you should have had that on say that's
good you got look like if it was yellow
you look like the guy from what's the
monkey monkey show look good oh here is
George man with the yellow hat country I
found you a hat there you go some CIA
has what you get is this for you this is
he just asked me to keep pushing his car
D shopping yeah yeah Tabasco sauce
it's always the coolest I'm wearing a
fedora no so now whoa that was amazing
right okay let's try with my left Eddie
oh yo you look mean like should be
submerged coming up out of the water
with a sniper rifle fun everything
you're looking for sir alright what we
see cheap OD bail that's one thing we
can knock off our list here in Oklahoma
I got safe we had room there was a rug
that I was going to buy y'all I like the
camel ride
I never saw what you're talking about
see all right we're pulling up to the
place I want to see I don't even know
but is it a museum it in the museum Road
ain't Rod and Custom Car meet you know
oh my god they said this guy built all
these custom cars like and then 82 90s
for like movies and stuff and then he
made him you know look at that thing on
there open you look at a sign on a
building this place is cool I'm so I
recognize that car from some they okay
yeah yeah yeah this is like got my name
all over it
look at these old jumbo monster truck
that's a Corvette huh so this is the
front door and we are open who was your
name Donna you are awesome because Donna
is allowing us to film in here which is
thank you so you don't well but she's
gonna hook it up yeah okay so oh we're
good yeah good yeah my oh my what really
what okay so I don't know the story
behind each car but they're beautiful I
mean they're so sweet this was built in
1983 as your I was born look at this the
sweet dude is so right I don't know how
you keep them restored I had to keep
them so nice no look at this
whoa nothing you say haha dude if you
like cars I mean how can you not like
this look at the front of that truck
that is so mean
I I might have found my favorite one
holy smokes that is awesome
that's how he built it oh that is
definitely not road legal I don't know
1932 Ford sedan model car so I'm not
never been a big fan of the PT Cruiser I
don't know maybe you guys like this
style I don't know how I feel about that
I really don't you got to see this truck
did what is that oh my god
car accident look at his truck oh I'm
not the chozo thing with that car look
at that whoa you do drive it that way
whoa what is it they're also custom now
like look at this guy so sick what kind
of freaking out and it all man Model T
yo look at this I want it so bad that
just belongs in my backyard is that
below that is just sitting next my
backyard
yeah a 1977 AMC Pacer
I think mean nothing mean look it whoa
was i we you can be crazy cuz the modern
hey I just want to say you have an
amazing place this is all thank you so
much for allowing us come in here your
husband I your house we built 25 in
there build them and then he's made
hundreds of cars is awesome you guys are
great
thank you yo here's the here's the Vette
that's outside and they're like wracking
they're hanging on their frankenstone
that's pretty cool I'm not gonna lie
it's very rare that you just see a place
on the side of the road and you just
stop like you just like let's go in and
see what's in there that I would never
get yeah it's inside that building dude
realize like wait hold when you stop and
check something out yeah and we'll be
able to make the rodeo that's even
doubling it out I'm afraid of bull you
are a bowl here's the scoop right now we
have exactly will this is our arrival
time and see if I can if I can get this
up we have 11 hours 745 miles we're
going to get home at 409 am
whoo what a good idea I wanted to say Z
the rodeo and then catch morning white
that's the fun way to do hope there was
morning so here's a how many IDs flights
home today we missed our flights so now
we're on the road we've all agreed to
pile and take a road trip
less than an hour n and everyone's
disagreeing we're all we've been driving
an hour we're already thinking we're
getting a home at four oh nine in the
morning how mess without any stops to
play with zero stop clearly 5:00 a.m.
tomorrow we're going to get home this is
our train you rigged it on there hey you
remember you remember on Fast and
Furious where they hijack the truck we
can hijack astray I'll get over there
I'm going on about there we go
step out you got to you got to get me up
there
leave that beautiful shot I feel like a
real good vlogger right now here comes
soon dude down no keep going really fast
I can't get the shot bro ha ha ha crank
the backing up
come on country trip Wow a wild animal
Satori Montana so far you guys want to
hit it we're going hang on a second so
we passed them maybe 10 to a dozen
signed claiming that right here we're
eight miles from now is the world's
largest gifts wait a minute but what if
that's the name of the store that would
be genius Johnny you really want to pass
up the world's largest you've never
wanted to pass up anything more don't
you want to walk if you're while big the
world is do you want to give alderney to
gift for your wife oh and grace dude
that guy eight miles away we almost have
to say cannot give it to someone who
uses that many obnoxious bill more oh
come on superhero movies by billboard
none that I look at ah starts a liar
look it's lines straight into the camera
again okay I think we go we got at least
stop we got to see the building if the
building half the size of Amazon and
it's not phony hi here we are they have
more billboards in retro they've got a
clean restroom for clean read through
the world's largest gift store hey I'm
willing to say right now that I googled
this place and when I googled the
world's largest gift store this is
exactly the building that popped up so
here we are at the world's largest gift
store you know I doubted it I was
skeptical I was wrong very wrong law it
says 9:00 p.m. on the website it's only
5:00 p.m. at Kohl's dude well how many
opportunities you get to have because
the world's largest gift store and
they're there hello
probably close one of how happy are you
right now you know John was so against
coming here and you got your wish did
you make them close I don't believe in
the power of will
I do believe that you know higher powers
like cash John's rightly so beside the
world large gift store there is a candy
factory
and it is up it is over John's excited
about us on how much candy gonna buy me
if they have a candy people that you're
buying it right nope okay cool catch you
later for my gosh candy man he is they
are making it back here look at this
place chocolate pretzels
speck you're packing it out are you
trying to break the wall down I mean I
don't know what to do I don't you guys
want to do bean boozled on the way no
come on no yo look at all this wait wait
wait what is that I have to get this for
Brit these are a favorite candies smarty
candy it's all used to be in the trees
like that no yeah I members on this big
chew
Oh gummy snake pick one out for cane red
Orianna that it's really crazy or talk
about the snake oh no I'm gonna Pez dude
these are awesome
plants are you okay hey let's go should
we get in which one Oh she'll not only
if I buy you this giant gummy snake I
time how fast you can eat it yes but I
don't know if I will finish it okay I
pick the color pick the color I like
blue alright we're getting the blue one
peanut butter and jelly cotton candy
what's the craziest one they have I
think that barbecue a barbecue barbecue
cotton candy Ruby Ruby urban Ella be
done young good thousand reinforced lead
his family worried his family oh oh he's
found the nest day that's like a month's
worth of work right there country that's
a month or the word that's a good salary
well that was a home run I'm glad we
stuck I am we wouldn't it if we didn't
fail to give shot we would have found
this hey look me today we went nuts are
you ready are you ready for the snakes
I'm about as ready as I'm gonna be
so feed me to sting okay here I'm gonna
that I'm gonna pass you the snake come
on take the delivery I am live streaming
on me right now we're going to basically
make John eat tank and we're gonna see
how long it takes
can you set a timer on your phone I can
set timer on my Apple watch experience -
bruh 20 bucks a minute 25 I'm gonna go
more like 4 minutes 4 minute looking out
good if I can't do it
well I can't even our votes here for I'm
going for the question do we have a lot
of 5 for the can of advance I'm going to
do my best
isn't that good yeah I'm going to do my
best in your best friend yeah okay who's
ready to start the timer should we
should we wait a few minutes I'm ready
are you serious are you going you're
going head first well you're gonna eat
it by the head bed I don't want to eat
them alive
kill the head first so you want to okay
well did it at it at it I ready Eddy
set go get that snake boy get going then
it's hard it's hard or not gummy at all
honey - and you're talking gel are you
gonna eat if you're talking Dale's right
- come on man you gotta hear them you
got to suck it down dude what made
bigger bites bigger bite
alright guys we can tell that only one
bite what are we at right now time was
30 seconds per buddy you're like dude
like biting leather weekend takes in 20
minutes it is a same dude it's like
either Achmed Rafi Skelton he's not even
doing anything wrong Rosedale shut up
serious question does it take you as a
house of flavor it really quick it's not
like it's good all right bluegrass stop
bully that maybe God already know are
you guys good okay so Johnny at what
time what time are we at right now what
are we at over five minutes this one's
like green olives 518 518 let me see the
snake okay you've done it you've done
two feet off of an event maybe laughs
what do we got chase what are we at 855
855 here at nine minutes you've got
maybe one more bite one more come on you
can beat it you want to be ten minutes
you're right there Rocky
come on man tell me when it swallowed
nine fifteen seventeen Marc gené
I'm wanted
is it gone it's Ottoman 927 minutes yeah
alright another side of the hi what is
with Ralph six before everything is here
look at this weird place 44
we're on 44 45 54 you're the m16
oh it's 66 look at this is a prisoner in
this police car
there's dinosaurs on roofs and windmills
and European buses and of Irish the most
random x2 ever look at this look at this
rocket we are on to the next locate
we're looking for the tater patch oh
okay ah you know it's probably good
might might be rude it might be risky
being a car for nine more hours uh we
got ugly hottie Thai restaurant we buy
Yoko Kyoto restaurant okay we got uh
talk about sublet huddle house what is
that let's do it I don't know what it is
:
oh it's like a restaurant to me is going
to set us back a bit but you get that
door for you gentlemen such a gentleman
oh hey I know if you ever seen a
Jackalope
that's a rabbit and a Jackalope it's an
antelope and a rabbit not like regular
corn
that is a massive salad boy you know the
Foods good when I forget to vlog I'm
sitting here I've already eaten my whole
steak and potato
I'm never catch up I just did it but I
know I know it wasn't that good but I
didn't ask for soft eye when I asked for
sauce yeah food blog stop it what didn't
recognize the bottle all right we were
making I'm losing my voice guys I don't
know what's going on with me but we're
dropping John off at this hotel near st.
look we're in st. Louis Missouri the
home of my favorite bands through the
year have fun dude
good luck he found a flight out in the
morning at home and I loved it tardy
today Devils awesome hey guys we're all
talk about our we just worked a couple
hours driving so it's really late we're
really all wanted another question I got
spotted you've been doing Elega really
good like seven hours in on the pedal we
are going to continue our road trip I
think we're going to get a hotel in a
couple hours and finish up in the
morning because I don't know that we can
actually go we're all delirious and
broke don't even open them face to put
them down hundred bucks I'll put a whole
mouthful a hundred oh wait the plastic
container for a hundred all right we are
we're leaving John's hotel we're on the
move I think look in my hair dude I look
like a fried chicken back like a
parakeet with a firecracker on my till
we really really lucked out because they
have four hotel rooms were you looking
at work yeah I got I got our stops for
tomorrow
and the Nina the Pinta and Santa Maria
and take on the Lewis and Clark
expedition here's the thing we left out
because they only had one room with two
beds so we got that you guys all got
Suites but one has a Jacuzzi whirlpool
in it who will it be
Betty I'm going to mix these up and make
some money
why don't I just take a number between
t1 and Haken whoever's closest oh when
you could favor I think it's Oh what I
have no favorite no better nor I mix it
all up honey they'll probably cornered
one of them so ready you want to grab
going for our left
please be 212 please be 212 there you go
not me to find you
mr. whirlpool what Kozue all right my
little man we made it to another room
guys I'm fighting this stinking throat
so good what I have tea maybe I should
try that we are going to end this vlog
you know some tea
it's only two in the more real
that's a high o-tar we all have time I
don't know yeah we are
I love you guys so much we're going to
jump out of here we will see it tomorrow
you are beautiful
the street still continues are still
going strong I don't even know how many
in a row this is I think I'm almost a
daily vlogger you know we're almost
there buddy you're helping me a lot
you're helping the Thai guys I love you
you're beautiful
you're one of a kind small
you
