hey I'll get up my captain we're falling
we're falling I'm gonna miss your arm
are you okay I love you still awake I am
on your okay see you soon
I'll see you soon I'll get the
controller
I'll see very good very soon okay I know
I know you're getting spoilt I'll take
care that little one so this one right
here
you ready you got everything everything
in your bag right here
love you guys gain I love you all right
right neuro me and my boy Noah in Empire
how we getting your empire so getting
environment as I'm just kidding Empire's
not going flash
I'll be back my man mr. Stretch
Armstrong here's what I'm thinking
Empire you could probably fit in Ohio
you leaving me aa mr. attitude today mr.
attitude we're out here let's go all
right let's do this what's up candy man
how you feeling good get out you're
gonna pay your way you got enough
drawing ranches on you for the trip yes
sir
everything everything okay we just uh
just grabbed Gila Gil you ready to rock
let's go rattle the bark I'm ready to
roll I'll be up in the club - the club
clothes I don't know what's the loans
but you know come on Kenny and save me
save me are off to the airport the farms
let's get up show on a show on the road
it does seem inning for a while right
the likes is our last trip they sent
their last trip but yes and we felt long
we were always here now we haven't been
for a while this is a super easy fast
trip no suitcases we're running down and
we got our everything's in our backpacks
extra clothes extra gear all we're
taking security short today we're going
to go right through this play whoo we're
looking for one more member of our group
today and we check the pizza place that
was a good good call the only other
place with the men's bathroom only other
place we can find him yo country we have
to make a big decision man how do you
want paid this week gummy bears sweet I
don't see jollies Oh huh hey buddy
here's a week's pay all right he's been
spotted who can find him dun dun dun dun
duh dun dun and he's so lost look at him
where are they where are they I'm at the
gate look I'm gonna call them maybe I'll
call them and I'll get answer it answer
it answer I think we've been spotted
we've been spotted we've been ratted out
boys what's up plain sight we're in
plain sight because I cannot make this
up when Britney does not travel with me
I lose and I can't keep track of
anything I'm so spoiled with brick she
does all my travel she would have the
boarding passes I don't know what I
didn't know at least you remember your
friends all right ya know some of you
how did you get them how do you get
those the candy man that you gave me my
bonus Buffett a bag of Jolly Ranchers
yes I just step my game apparently they
were getting on this flight buddy what I
got to do for a large
okay you take your shirt off their swing
it right now right here I'll buy you a
large pizza right now for the plane
let's sit on the way oh no dude right
now right now no I swing it right here
in the middle I hide on the screen
reading off the screen alright I'll go
buy a large pizza just by hearing ways
air it up as is Dan Smith
alright my face is red do it faster okay
so now you got to go buy them a large
piece you want it now or when we land we
do land I'm sure while they have snacks
on the plane yes let's do it buddy
let's go yeah we on the move yo if you
guys are ever since women's Airport and
see all these photos they're taking by
reiner the dude is got the monster
preference the guy who does my March he
took these photos I always look at this
picture than ever it's from him big plan
we're going all the way to Dallas Texas
baby so it's obvious today's going to be
a lot of traveling with flying we're
headed we have a layover in Dallas Texas
and they're going to another place and
I'm pumped about my boy with me decide
to come up to him
they said yes I want to go but we're
rolling out let's get that music going
bah boom
yes
we have made it to know them this I
don't think so Colin gone he just texted
me said he's hungry are you hungry did
know Earl Grey okay so our last that
flight we were just on actually we're
majorly delayed about an hour so now we
have to pretty much Russ to our next one
when I start rolling yours have you ever
had a pimple so big that you see on your
face like I mean I can see it all on my
face it's like popping out
it's rooting hey do we need to find
pizza now are we good
I don't worry about making our flight
and I know I'm not the only person here
on the streets and now he wants it now
so even if we miss the flight
we're like wicked late for our next
flight oh yeah we could long wait
doesn't mean able to plan our aim in
anybody I'm not blaming anybody where's
the bait he said 7:30 bad we're going
the wrong way
we don't want you been eating that
chocolate you bring get your team in the
head get your head in the game we don't
stop a pizza I will die a real decision
has to be made because you want a deep
sigh can you won a large pizza but now
you're asking for I don't even know if
this is barbecue well that's the thing
we're somewhere else
that's not know another kickin I never
heard of it alright whatever you want on
me know you know you know we still have
another flight right we have another
flight I know we have to eat it that's
what you went for a large pizzas if
anyone I know it's hard but whatever
have it I'll do miss the mall
who we kidding who we kidding step it up
to large ah dude a large you can do a
large okay day could you pay I'm glad we
live we chose food over flight right now
because there's a good chance that we
missed our flight
amen or that I'm eating healthy you see
over there country what you see over
there you see them being lollipops the
Candy Man can
let's go check it out and then Adam got
his dream his dream well you know one
day I'm gonna have a lollipop made that
big for you and we're going to see how
many years it takes a lick it gone what
it is you can't have it okay I will get
you one I will get you one there you go
the low-crime oh you guys wanted to bean
boozled challenge and no on the plane on
the plane Oh F they have on it backs
right there so have you worth it no what
would it take to mr. candy man it's the
scorpion sucker do you need it but if
that's too much they got worms
they got mealworms I need a meal herbs
worth work in here and then you just get
to them you just get to the surprise in
the middle I'm eating worms before I
like that now they're not bad but if you
lick it other foot is it a call me in
danger okay so although I was against it
I got the sour toxic barrel the bean
boozled barrel and these old all of you
guys have ever seen these but you chew
off the top and you drink the juice
inside the lab yes yeah dude I got em
for you out of the year yeah tonight
we're going to livestream it if you want
we just knocked it out loud
we made our lights a successful trip so
far done they're not going to let you in
with that cup yeah I gotta say the
master good one I'm taking this cup
small I might actually need it before we
get off the plane because I drink halls
Italy pass yeah there we go next up
doing great yes go let's go last that's
that's that we made it enough airplanes
for today my friends here no more planes
today we made it to final destination
now we extinct we got to hop in a car
and drive about an hour two hour drive
to our next spot to travel - travel day
travel blog no no it looks so lost like
a baby raccoon where's my mommy
where's where's my mommy Robin who
should be caring that so right wheels
off there's just enough oh yeah we're
lost up that's far enough
that's all I needed yeah it did it it
shouldn't keep going come out here all
right feeling pretty good
you're holding up great love fly with my
buddy we are we're off to the rental
cars we got to get a car and then it is
a quite a bit of a drug it's going to be
dark by someone get there my brother
Dale flew out way before us he's had a
whole day here we're gonna meet up with
him hopefully get dinner with some
hopefully hopefully done I can't believe
they feel so bad eat so much with that
friend on camera you're the worst person
why do you love me like that in front of
my views buy me a backpack why are they
boys it broke my heart until you felt my
leg the airport Brogan you're blaming me
I don't plan get to the breaking I blame
me for the brake
Wow okay I filled your heart with
cholesterol as good a guy Vicki's
barbecue when they break your luggage
they can't break your spirit boom Oh
magic chase is just here what is he
doing would he take nude no probably
have come so hot they probably have Cubs
there's no God no you do not need to be
influenced by these boys all right okay
boy
Mike wants ahead hey John can you run
downstairs and get me a pencil
oh that was a horrible all right you
know what you got to ride the boat back
I did the okay okay that was here knows
the JIT yeah maybe you should take the
elevator
but we're on the move we are in blankly
rely on saying he's saying Arkansas and
Oklahoma I'm pretty sure on the border
of either one the forerunner of someone
down I think we're all hungry we're
meeting up with Dale town and we're
going to I turn now my news it says only
an hour and 22 minutes Hey how good your
luxuries in this country is dress right
be an hour 45 for anyone else welcome to
Miami oh that's Canadian border right
there we made it
I know even though I'm an outlaw here
we're not Canadia John John I got better
run hey dude you better get outta here
stay back you gotta give it do they do
have a pool only the best driving at our
hotel feels good to be here what a day
man has been a travel day John
how you gonna contain yourself right now
I knew I was caught on it oh oh I want
that like you saw the visa car and you
didn't think that maybe it was for you I
never think good things and he should
take himself
you can have some yeah hurry up it is
freezing in here
bunking up with my buddy tonight I love
troops with my boy Noah ah we're we're
just lightning oh I think you did I yeah
we just got into our hotel room guys we
are right tired ah be honest I want its
1209 at home so it's it's a new day but
still here it's only 11 12 I'm not
really tired ever met well but on this
type of day a lot of traveling a lot of
walking I'm proud of you you're so good
we love you guys so so much thank you
for joining us today and being a part of
our journeys and we will get rewards
we'll get a fresh start tomorrow the
streak continues we're having fun we
love you absolutely beautiful do not
forget how important you are you are the
reason for some
smile stay positive keep your head up
keep moving for it forward we will see
it tomorrow your beautiful one-of-a-kind
smile off get working
oh yeah
you
