what is that what is that Cora seriously
though what is that it's cold you won't
get it
oh it's squishy it's like a slug you're
gonna do it get it Clara yeah oh there's
long piece here ready let's get a big
old slug slug on there there you go
you ready oh she just threw the whole
thing down she like I don't know if she
likes it welcome to the vlog guys let's
get this day started in his current day
exactly current day right now this is
exactly what we're doing we're eating
the girls are making this crazy awesome
chili stuff or so that where's the
witchcraft have a look at this what is
that peppers look like tomatoes now
they're red peppers good dump it on
Brandon's flash what's up buddy what's
up you don't like banana that's a good
stop she choking or she okay I am
literally gonna read this off my phone
because it's new to me and I don't is
there's a lot of information so here's
here's what we got going on tomorrow
February 10th for us if you're watching
this the day I upload it's tomorrow
February 10 5 p.m. West Coast 8 p.m.
Eastern Time 8 p.m. my time I will be
host I remember like 3 was about through
a few weeks ago I told you guys about
quiz biz which was the trivia game if
you get although all the questions right
you win a certain amount of money well
this Saturday tomorrow February 10 at 8
p.m. if you get all my I will be the
live host meaning you can play this on
both apps now live dot me and the cheese
out if you get all the questions right
which are a lot of questions about me
and my family this time so it's really
focused on you guys the grand prize is
$100,000 this is the highest amount they
have ever done I believe 15,000 was the
max now they're doing $100,000 for you
guys so if you win it's a hundred grand
and a lot of the questions are about me
and my family
it is completely focused on you guys
there's some YouTube questions there's
like it's gonna be a lot of fun it's
free you can play on the chisa and the
live meow
both be eating up plans to get it out of
here so I'm just gonna read this right
off download the cheese a follow me
there if you haven't already used my
invitation code Roman ro ma n it's in
all caps I don't know if you have to use
all caps but it is in all caps on my
phone so if you use that you'll earn an
extra chance to help you stay in the
game when you answer the questions yeah
extra life's girl no you can't play yeah
play it's not fair you can't be in it I
will obviously put all the info in my
description check it out guys again this
is something that's aimed towards us all
of us I will be the live host so you can
come hang out with me live and I'll be
asking questions about my family and our
club you making these really difficult
girl what what are you doing it's like I
just want to drink it out of a bottle
again I just keep drinking out of a
bottle so much easier again it's free
check it out come hang out with me it's
gonna be fun and it's coming up it's
literally for me right now it's tomorrow
are you comfy you need you need any
assistance you you good this chair is
like a spaceship yeah you got to put
your helmet on down on they're gonna
work all this new stuff no it's good old
little splinter she's gotta pull it like
a band-aid
pull it out it's those tweezers you need
you need find tweezers hang on yeah I've
had one really bad splinter in my life
where like a giant chunk of wood was
like stinging in me so this is our day
right now guys it
that is a lot of beef is that turkey or
beef turkey right you just walked up so
you want the blog camera I bought
explain over the last few days Noah has
said why don't you just give me the
camera for a day and let me do a vlog
and I'm dude I'm not against it first of
all what would you blog welcome to my
world
welcome to my world I have no idea I
don't know be great because as we you
know have days where it's just so
difficult to follow with some of the
things that we have to do know it maybe
you just know outward vlogs just take
over the channel here it is take the
camera all done but know your channel
see buddy if you need me I'm here but in
the meantime have fun man okay seriously
what I have this is my serious face okay
I was sitting in the inner chair and I
open this drawer why do you have why do
you have all that okay for one in
chocolate chocolate I feel like you know
late nights when I'm working really hard
I deserve a snack you mean in battle
guns my show not yours yeah I know
there's popcorn in there it's my popcorn
not summer where you live it's not warm
I'm assuming you're like me right now
and you're ready for it to get one we
still have some snow actually which is
crazy for us and I think like if you
watch the blogs we really did a lot with
the snow we had and we were like snow is
gonna go away we got it and we did like
we really used it but the snow bit went
away and it just keeps coming back so
now we're like kind of tired of the snow
chai never thought I'd ever say that and
if you missed the video where we got
this a 4x4 Jeep Cherokee ask you guys
what we should do with it and a lot of
you had such great ideas from like some
of you were like restore it put nice
tires on and I'm thinking hey I don't
know if that works for me like I like
like I see this thing getting airtime or
something like something something crazy
but the vehicle is actually pretty nice
I always saw rusty it's got dents that
it died on me while I was driving it
like it's not that nice
drives and in the formal drive work so
if you have any idea I'm taking ideas
here cuz I don't know what to do is I
feel like I've maxed out my ideas on
vehicles lately so it's here if you can
think of anything awesome that would be
great country just keeps asking to take
it in upon like legit and I'm like dude
that's such a bad like my pons too deep
you got to take precaution Aries if
you're going into that pond you can't
even see the pond right now it's just
completely snowed out well I'm not the
only I'm not the only one getting tired
of the snow you won't even come outside
with me you done with it you had enough
sit oh I see what you want blessed ones
these he wants these well cheese it I
can
hi-hi-hi came this place is looking you
guys remember we got the mirrors for our
our little mini gem down here working on
it looks so much better
weird having mirrors because sometimes
you catch yourself vlogging like this
and look out that's weird like I don't
know when I film myself it's weird like
that you did you do squats today you
already did it what is that box squat
that's a squat you know go down far
enough you go stand on your tiptoes even
get on the bar wait you mean adds more
weight it's 30 pounds get it I can hold
this all day no power up there you go
juice what's the worst I know what do
you want to do squats it's fun all right
no not really
I enjoy it you have not worked out
forever you nice Erica not again let me
see this is me forsen oh my god listen
guys this is um again its current day
blog I got I got a I gotta admit like
I've struggled we took a few days off
which was great but there was this there
was so much going on at that time I
guess I can probably get into it more
later but sometimes it's really
difficult to pick up the camera and
pretend that everything's great and I
don't like to come on camera when
everything's not great because I hate
potentially bringing you down I love my
videos to always inspire you guys uplift
you guys even if it's if it's just the
normal vlog I try to make it as positive
as possible I look for you guys to be
motivated I want you to end my videos
with just feeling
than you did before you started watching
the videos and if I come on here with my
problems I just feel like I'm gonna
bring everybody down so there's some
days where not only we just do a
business crap like things that I really
wouldn't blog anyways but it's sometimes
it just feels negative to me and I hate
I don't like bringing negative into the
vlogs I like an very uplifting I like it
fun I like it possible I get family and
I'm not gonna lie like that were real
people we have real problems all the
time we have businesses we have we have
problems everywhere and sometimes it's
you know you there's a lot of reasons
not to smile you know and I don't like
to come on here and and bring that on
you guys so some days I'm just gonna be
honest I'm not always so happy like
there's plenty of things in my life that
go wrong every day sometimes it's hard
to pull out that camera and put that
smile on your face sometimes you know
you are in a bad mood you don't feel
good or things just weigh you down I
just want you guys know I'm just like
you and I do have these problems and on
those days it is hard to pull out this
camera and try to keep you guys happy so
other than that everything's actually
really really good the family's amazing
Cora's amazing Britney and I are amazing
it's just everything is good there's
just a little behind the scenes things
that are annoying sometimes
we gotta in this video so that we can
start tomorrow's video keep your guys
head up high come join me on the
livestream live got me or the cheese out
follow me you can find everything there
and I'll put everything in the
description so thanks for hanging out
thanks for hanging out with us we will
see you guys tomorrow
don't forget how important you are don't
forget that everybody has problems your
problems are just helping you become the
better version who you are right now we
have to have these problems like it's
good for us makes us better love you
guys you're beautiful one-of-a-kind
smile more
you
