welcome to the vlog guys today I've been
trying over the last couple days explain
to you guys our weather and how crazy
the wind has been but my wind screens
I've wind screens on my camera so it
always seems like maybe it's not windy
well this morning hi oh my gosh I got to
show you guys this okay I just think at
some point we should just start like
clip of the week from our cameras you
guys the weight of cameras all over our
property all over any captures we catch
the most random things that sometimes we
just don't share with you guys but this
one I can't help it with help on it oh
my gosh I was crying and laughing okay
so let me before I play this clip for
you let me just say we have best girls
in the world working for us we have Nev
that are smile more team is the greatest
team in the world let me just show you
here's a clip of what happened this
morning okay we had to get a porta potty
and you don't know import about it is
like a portable bathroom for like people
we got a lot of stuff about to happen at
our house we need a place for them to be
able to go to the bathroom if they need
to a convenience so truck pulls in to
deliver the bathroom everything goes
normal he drops it off he fills it with
the blue liquid and then I want to show
you what I've been saying how windy it
is this is what I'm talking
the wind is so crazy that it pushed
everything over the Porta Potty
everything goes fine and then the girls
being such awesome girl they just
handled it they did it oh yeah that's
pretty much been our morning the weather
has just been gnarly I mean look at the
clouds crazy go rock out this
chiropractor appointment Oh Oh baby
what's up dude hey this is what happens
as you get older guy you're like an old
truck going in to get detailed every
time I come here it's like our weather
stinks
it really really stinks do you like my
song or does it really stink you see we
got this freezer we're back home 11-11
Fahrenheit which is like super super
cool I mean water freezes at 32 degrees
Fahrenheit so can imagine how long if
you took all them rocks out how long
could you get it's like stay in there oh
no because you could fit I could easily
get in there that's not just this is for
breast milk honey yeah he just basically
just got a freezer it's just a little
stand-up deep freezer for anything
mainly probably popsicles and no sickles
a bad call definitely turning into an
indoor day
just so ugly out it's just so it'd be a
beautiful time-lapse but it's ugly oh
that is that barbeque or what is that
it's like pork roast yak shoulder
I am I know it tastes good but it looks
really yeah it looks pretty much
disgusted like she was the who was the
guy that was like yeah let's eat that
dude okay come here oh we missed it
/and dong you're just eating this bush
look at him okay please please explain
what this okay okay
actually I already done couple days ago
I told you guys that we were going to
try Brittany had a really brilliant idea
to put me into labor basically what it
may be like if I was having my own
contractions contracture treasure search
so she got this that is a huge remote
there's no way you need that I'm in
control
oh you got let me do it no way don't
since it is an indoor day we thought
Britney thought it would be a good idea
to hook these things up to my stomach
and basically what it does is it makes
your muscles
what was the word for it just that just
like hey like that's what happened
basically I'm gonna have my own
contraction and she's going to see what
I do under those conditions that she may
be in once the baby is coming it's a
stupid idea
so it's art we did this before but it
was like on our arms yeah but it's on
our arms it's like such a less sensitive
area my stomach and I just get on it
this is it that just that I'm not scared
of that it's not bad only for hey let me
see this remote why is the remote so big
you see it power intensity on all the
way why is the remote so big that thing
that's a TV remote or need a massage I'm
good
we just go by intensity that's dumb you
start at zero and you work your way up
right mild contractions medium
conduction for hours and hours
okay now relman is very important that
you were feel very comfortable
comfortable where would you like to
labor where would I like the labor I'm
terrified of this thing dude I hate the
thought of like what your keep shocking
or you know like even a sock mean I
can't push the button I can't push the
button so on here just try it I can't I
can't do it so how much would you did oh
you're going to do it oh it was I was a
medium kick you don't want to see me go
full full speed what did he just say he
wants to try trust me dude you do not
want to try it yo you seriously need to
read the instructions before you stick
that on me where's the on button how do
you turn it up and how do you turn it
off immediately there's like a mergency
shutoff valve like big red stop button
where show me I mean there's not even a
button there okay you need to help mommy
with this I can always unplug these oh I
can unplug them keep them in distance
okay so where do they go I don't want to
do this any maybe it got nice out maybe
we should you see it your lay down yeah
oh yes clearing up baby we'd go outside
and play just kidding
is freaking nasty out Naomi am I going
to be sore for like days after this or
is this like just temporary like it only
hurts why it's going on I know this is
odd you need to practice what just comes
up with that P for pain well your hands
right we're pounding more pressure okay
here clean put your legs up let me see
that
what cane don't watch me in labor you
can't watch sometimes this PP you look
what it gets on the wrong AB what if
it's on the wrong AB because I have a
lot of ABS honey like it's hard to
choose solo who says that's my pelvis
you don't know oh my gosh I'm nervous
this is I start talking a lot when I'm
Rose okay Alex see if this even doesn't
know honey we start at number one we
don't mess around
- I swear don't mess around shoulder
back maybe you have seen with the remote
you probably nicer do you feel anything
I don't want to tell you about your
don't feeI anything no but I'm not
certain sweat honey every click you make
is freaking me out because I don't know
what to expect at all I feel like such a
baby right now can't tell if I feel
anything my whole body's numb right now
how you have a baby okay
mommy already went through this with you
for real oh I feel it oh this one I feel
this one big time that's massage yeah I
feel it I can't breathe I can't breathe
oh that's like pulse that doesn't feel
good that's like electric do ooh baby
don't feel like that this one's really
tight but it's not it's not hitting me
what level what was that what level so
10 you caught it like come on let me
have a lightning shot out of three right
now let me have a light contraction it
useful birth to my child oh so what's
that it's terrible uh stop so what was
that it's like a that's way more I did
eight on those um oh you're killing me
you gotta let me just fix I just turned
it up a little
yo now I know when you hear like I
remember hearing and I get people
screaming having their childhood you're
like no it's it's a weirdest feeling
okay I don't feel pain it's just my body
saying something's wrong like why are my
muscles all tightening up so your mom it
feels like your muscles are tight oh so
tight okay
what do you think game
oh oh okay is that good for me or bad
like am i hurting something a mite
damaging my no this is actually very
it's supposed to be healthy right but I
don't know about Jordan my stomach I
could feel you go in ways right or like
ramps your ears 10:16 ready no no I
can't even breathe when you do it I
can't stop he won't kill me it's that
funny oh I love making you guys look you
know what I would take that all day if I
could see you guys laugh like this all
day
take my whole day yo what was that oh
dang what would you call me phrase I
think oh is more than that is like five
minutes so here's what I've learned it's
like um it's like how do I explain it
it's like uh I can't it's not oh baby
here baby here's an idea I got a really
good idea let's not do that anymore
enjoy like one time steak oh yeah these
aren't home you can buy new ones but
listen I'm sure that that is a fraction
a hair of what you're actually going to
go through you girls deserve so much
more credit like seriously guys give
your girl credit man you get you crazy a
little bit you might be a little bit
crazy to dine out but look look at the
reward Thomas Kane I had enough girl so
we'll see how ima make it yeah you take
a walk you wanna go get that okay I'll
show you a break guys we dig
come on Ohio come on please I'm still
laughing from this porta potti thing
dude it was so funny gotta give props to
my girls at the store man they really
are the better look at this here we go
we got some we got some available space
see space available we need a painting
fits that need tiny art we need like a
little square piece right there check
out our wall guys legit all the way down
the store the whole thing all the way
down the whole store all your art I love
it I literally love it I had this vision
that this would be like this one day but
to see it and to see it done like I
guess it's done like we could find spots
to put more art like down low and but I
don't know I just love it thank you guys
so much for sending it makes our store
so much funner it's just more fun it's
just so pretty I just I love the colors
and your guys's designed and I think we
might start that wall down there the
whole wall like I feel like this is
definitely a paint like that's art for
sure so we open it we got an openness
it's definitely a painting of some sort
can't really resist just look so like I
won't open we're getting someone we're
get somewhere they look like a flag
Oh awesome
no way smile more you are beautiful
you're one of the times that is
beautiful
I Roman my name is Bella I'm a huge fan
of yours my family and I recently
started a company making handmade rustic
wood flags I was lucky enough to be able
to make a smile more fly for you and
your family thank you so much Bella
absolutely love it
you inspire me every day and I watch you
in your family your videos always
brighten my days and make me happy when
I watch them it would be so awesome
and it would mean so much to us if you
could give us a shout out our Instagram
is at patriot underscore rustic
underscore flag underscore company we
hope you enjoy the flight I absolutely
love it I'm going to make space for this
guy it was just beautiful it's funny
because I actually came out here for
this for Brit check this out look crazy
that does need to go in here like that
look cool maybe by the pinball machine
or something I love it oh yeah whoa jr.
well it's padding okay this is pretty
pretty actually I don't even know what
it really looks like but I've seen a
picture it's a pregnancy pillow for
resting your bells for resting your
belly not to mention not to mention this
raft okay let me show you this raft this
raft
our Little River look at this raft guys
it's got a hole in the middle for your
stomach to go through it wet because you
can't really like fly she can't lay on
her belly well it has a hole in it so
it's a it's a bean bag your belly goes
in it is it for like massages so you can
get a massage
plush come on you're so muddy
donkeys waiting on you look at that
donkey he just waits on flash how is it
ten out of ten you look silly you look
silly Vannelli I think it's for massages
right so you can lay flat
try it I'd rather put you on the
pregnancy the pregnant raft and throw
you in the river over there to see what
donkey's doing donkey and flash the
adventures of donkey and flats or it
could be a cartoony these guys are crazy
would you do today flash huh
I mean party and I are your muddy muddy
like a pig
what are you eating so we found out
donkey loves mints loves them we got him
donkey treats and they actually have
giant mints inside of them like
peppermints the real hard tag ones I
guess I love like you know like
Christmastime you can find a big candy
cane yes they love this he's looking for
more he's looking for for sometimes just
going in his bond makes him come check
him out can't really force him to do
anything he wastes so much he's like he
stubborn as a mule they say he's like
the Amidah trees bottom line is if he
doesn't want to move he's not going to
move and you're not going to move him he
is ridiculously strong but get them in
here soon treats take your harness thing
off what's this thing huh hope oh oh
son here we go buddy let's go it's like
you're putting the burn not yet not yet
good night buddy
good night this cool out like it just
will not warm up man it's like Ohio's
have been times in our psyche it's right
norm yeah and if it's if it's hot it's
stormed so it's been like I kind of
guess rather it be cold and just raining
all day okay this next part is for all
my family's out there I am working on a
big project and I want your help with it
now I'm asking you because I want your
family to be a part of this parents
click on the link in the description
tell me what you think help me pull this
off this is something we've been working
on it's a big project and I really
really want you to be a part of it I'm
super excited about this
it's all I'm going to say about it but
I'm excited to have you be a part of
this and with that being said we are
going to shoot my camera keeps flipping
that's really where we are going to end
this vlog I got some really cool news
today and tomorrow is mama today as your
watching this if you watched the day
uploaded it is more of an actual
birthday and I may be able to tell her
I'll know in the morning on our
astronaut day if I can take her
skydiving I think I figured it out I
think I can do it guys so I'm going to
present that with her tomorrow if I get
the good news in that by the time you
watch this I already have whether it's a
yes or no so wish me luck I guess I
already know then you don't really need
to wish me luck but thank you guys for
hanging out with us today
kind of a short weird vlog but that's
all we got today guys thank you so much
for always being here understanding when
we got to cut it short cut it early we
love you thank you beautiful you're one
of a kind smile mwah
you
