good morning guys what is ah you eaten
all your hay last night y'all that what
is up guys it is way too early what what
you getting sports up get up there yeah
you gotta commit you got it from that 28
28 bottle cap enjoy hundred before I
even got here day while I'm driving
playing think straight right now I
haven't been up this early since I was
going to the airport there's something
in the morning welcome to the vlog guys
today I'm gonna be doing a whole bunch
of things that don't make sense I'm not
even I'm not awake yet
that's just my throat oh I'm losing it
which would be bad timing hidden right
now Gilly country we're headed to a lake
which I've never been to in my life and
I will join us today it's going to be
quite the rise well looks like
everybody's here before us Wow okay guys
so there's a ton of stuff that's going
to happen today that you're going to
want answers about and there's so many
things that I want to just straight-up
tell you but there's going to be a lot
of Secrets today forgive me we are at
this beautiful Rushville Lake Rush Creek
Lake I hope I said that right are you
part of the news crew or the the crew
crew threw on big one okay we got our we
got our news fan over here I'll just
take a newsman leave this channel 3 I
don't think we have channel 3 here how
do I get channel 3 news
chase cameras adorable bro cameras
adorable I'm looking over here and I
like the lion yo dude can we get some
headline can we get something bigger
bigger camera for this guy dude it's not
about the size of the camera it's all
about how you use it that's true I guess
that's really awesome
that's some real talk my camera's tiny
by the way so before we get it even the
crazier stuff today I have to get in
this wetsuit right here and I have to go
swimming in zone
make sure you okay oh you're testing
those for me yes okay okay I see what
you're doing at my school when I could
test this out no I'm looking at this
much too like maybe you should be
doubling for me today because that
thing's huge
oh-ho God mighty need a couple of
dollars oh there is only one size
wetsuit right here so whatever however
fits that's what I gotta wear it really
gets for this time you know it's chilly
outside in water really cool so maths go
without it
good news guys good news it's rich dude
oh yeah aqua long a little lizard fish
good job
this you zip me up whoo this is a seven
76.5 bill seven know what sue sucks
it's made for some pretty hearty
conditions what we got going on girl we
got hidden Mike's on this boat somewhere
is it I keep oh I see it right there
holy crap holy crap hidden cameras you
got cameras going under the boat there's
snakes hidden under there dude don't
even say that I got it okay here's a
small version of this I got to go under
the boat
hidden they're gonna drag me under the
boat all the way over to that grassy
area yeah you know I can think of a
snake just makes it as like snakes okay
got my friend John here who's putting me
in a safety harness basically rig me up
to be safely connected to the bottom of
the boat so that I don't go through and
chopped up through the six thousand
horsepower okay so this is the Act this
is the actual connection to me in the
boat and all I have to do is pull that
pin which isn't easy to pull when
there's when there's tension so that's
it it was good man all right guys I'm
going in oh boy oh but you know I'm
thinking we shut down is like 3:00 p.m.
and when the sun's out this shoot is so
bland okay all right what say oh you
take a second you said I walk well this
thing is awesome
okay so we're rigging up under this boat
are you in here
I'm right here nice hi buddy okay so
basically guys I'm gonna be rigged up
hooked to that
right there and this boats going to
drive after certain people get on the
boat and we're going to drive to
location out in this lake basically
they're gonna have no idea I'm under
this boat so it's a big reveal - big
surprise I can't wait to see it
who is that you know get out of here
Gill we need private time this is oh
it's still trickling to my back
is uh pretty awesome I can't wait to see
that I could explain more about it but
for now it's a little bit of a mystery I
apologize moving moving on to the next
thing
hope you're having an awesome day I'm a
little more awake now I feel with them I
can actually talk my throat's my thirds
better and we're just moving on I was in
that water for a little while this thing
is amazing I was wrong it's not like
just to get cool air in it it's that
warm somebody go get dried up and uh
yeah go from that okay so we're out here
at the lake we might as well get some
hydroplaning going yeah look at a
wheelie oh yes oh no keep going turn
turn yeah keep going
keep all my gosh dude that's it we get
all the water up
hi guys I think it on camera legs did a
whole loop and back up to the dot nobody
believed me but you will see it here we
go I'm gonna try again and keep optics
board
look at that truck how cool is that
who would have thought you can drive an
RC truck on the water I'm hopping a
little bit too much come on baby I'm
going to wide I'm up to a whole nother
circle if she come here she going that
thing makes me happy every time I do
that is like the greatest feeling why
because it's not supposed to happen I'm
supposed to build drama waters just
enough this just happened why
okay guys warping it back for what a
warning it's been I feel kind of crazy
I'd like to submerge underneath that
Lake and I haven't been in lake water
for a while mine seems like my childhood
growing up on bucket lake but it had
that smell like certain smell like has
but here's the scoop here's what's going
on today I basically we brought in a
family a beautiful family like their
stories unbelievable and we brought them
into our life and into our home all day
today and we have so many surprises for
them unfortunately unfortunately we are
filming it separately so you're going to
see more of my day and behind the scenes
rather than their experience but it's
just going to be amazing birthday order
so long story short today's about a huge
surprise for a family that has been
through so much and I can't wait to
share that story with you and we're just
bringing them into our lives into our
home and everything you've seen building
is is all for them and I'm just so
thrilled I wish I could share that
moment with you but it but it's all
coming soon so here we go show up maybe
this thing will be a mess look at my
hair I know I know see you do this
magnifying tail hopefully you can wrap
it all up you get a real tight wreck no
on this one
how do you get it all okay and then you
take this that and then you double it
don't not it but it sure is a gloomy day
we are waiting for other the families on
their way and I think there have their
own RV it's crazy how we set all this up
and it's not my body I love you little
man how's my boy huh I think you were
that sure yesterday
that's all right I've been swimming
today and I'm at change basically the
family way here we have tons of our own
family coming today for all of this it's
a huge giant experience for this family
and I just so happy I just love it so
much
okay so you're saying the family is in
an RV down the road getting away they
don't see anything right so this is all
a huge surprise honey we're doing kind
of a giant cream in the middle your
property you like the biggest crane I'm
gonna look at this I'm not kidding this
thing is massive so you're going to go
dump me into the RV with them if we're
going to show up on the property you're
not going to see anything I totally
blacked out the back bedroom totally
blacked out they don't know what's
happened they just come into my house
that's all they know in your house like
everyone else's it is gonna be in that
okay we're riding to the camper and I'm
probably just walk back to the property
because we'll be shooting that
separately um I just want to give that
up today so I'll see you in a minute
dude I got two bucks way over over below
what is that
No you want to train me for candy
betrayed me candy I don't know what that
guy's making deals burger ah what are
you guys doing is that Jolly Ranchers
don't you sell them you selling your
wage oh my god it's just sitting out
here I can let it so funny I guess I'm
going in I'll see you in just one second
what is going on out here
this looks fun kind of dangerous no
that's awesome
so I think it's finally time you guys
have been waiting I don't know maybe two
weeks to figure out what the heck we're
building in the side yard that's been
the whole thing what do you but it's all
been built up for this family to come to
my house and have a great day that's the
whole idea of it we've got family here
we've got a lot of equipment we've got
fun stuff so let's go check this out yo
yo yo yo guys happening you ready
they're gonna play I'm ready go yeah
should be pretty fun you know when you
have an ambulance on set to on the front
to jouer us is there at their Park or
park well there's one yeah there's two
though okay well you know you know you
have the local paramedics here that it's
about to be a good day
how'd you get this service good I had to
start at 4:00 we did not come on Eddie
city boy I probably won't know either
lady with this belly
yeah so I know you guys a lot of you
guys guessed it's a monster-truck arena
and you were close it is the new RC
track for the our C's guys we had to
step it up we needed something bigger
with a crane and an arm in a orange
smile more container I mean every RC
truck needs two containers side by side
like that everybody to ready to race
Marcie's huh we were working a long time
for this trying to keep you guys on the
behind-the-scenes leave this rig look at
these negative gear involved just land
sitting out land this camera so beast
unbelievable camera guys I'd like to
introduce you to the wonderful family
that is out on my property right now
look at what you think the RC tracks oh
man okay Corsi track right yeah was it
what about that big RC oh the big one
bigger than the other big okay it's big
should I show my viewers they've been at
it I think I think like 90% of my
viewers already realized what the side
yard was so I'm just going to show you
right now here we go boom how cool is
that oh these things are the greatest
friggin toys on the planet
just listen to it with the noise of it
oh yes
Oh
what
Wow got a lot of spectators here today
so little Manish earplugs a that's
awesome is the biggest paintballs versus
monster trucks ever the dudes your very
own monster truck show how cool is that
I know you love motors I know you love
motors and engines it's amazing and now
we do monster trucks for spitballs
look at those me John you giant halos
here we go paintball paint ball time
boys
alright guys so I can't I can but it
will just ruin it so bad if I show you
everything today so a lot of it is saved
for the big expensive cameras not the
camera moaning is going to be worth it
but what I'm about to show you is the
xmax attempting his first ever backflip
right here on my property
right now I am so freaking excited I
cannot explain he's going to be doing it
off our small more wall which is it's so
hard to tell on camera how big it is but
it's mastered that's in container it's
full of dirt it's super heavy I know
nothing about doing backflips but I can
tell you that truck is ten thousand
pounds five tons he I don't even know
how to do the math but it's bad it's bad
it's going to be risky
so first ever first ever backflip right
yeah you nervous I'm pretty good you're
good it's going to look amazing we're
all rooting for you it's gonna be the
first backyard backflip backyard
backflip baby
what what he was so stinking close dude
he was so close
be good everything's good yo you my
friend are an animal dude you right
there brother right there you will
totally have it next time in my backyard
unbelievable guys that was freaking rock
star stuff dude good job so this is how
to get a truck back on its feet or
dragged across its feet checking it out
all God that's well mo need a little
shot oh man it looks so pretty dude you
were so there probably wise and Larry
probably harder for the viewers to take
in what we did today I mean it was an
epic crazy day they only send bits and
pieces of it so thank you guys so much
coming to my house being a part of this
and I love you guys you are part of the
family forever mass and when I'm in your
area I'll crash in your house okay guys
managing so many different cameras today
that I have to uh you know imma have to
find a balance because we're going to be
doing a ton of shooting and I have to
obviously you guys are first priority I
am Telling You I have to hold things
back for certain cameras which is just
better for the future but you just have
to first hold a story multiple times
pretty much yeah it is kind of tricky
you guys are first Hey they're leaving
the whole track do you drive trucks
there all the time yeah yeah wow look at
me dude I think I have a tan line going
across my forehead
you guys look so comfortable it could be
a dirt line and I've been in that lake
so I'm gonna go shower that's the next
thing I'm doing and I feel like I'm
losing my voice which is really bad ah I
play music and my boys game he love you
guys I'm gonna go get cleaned up call a
day out so much today I feel like you
were left out of several things but it's
all coming together
so see you guys tomorrow thanks for
hanging out thanks for being a part of
all of this um they should understand
all the things that we do and yesterday
you blew up that vlog like you guys
really enjoyed that blog is one of my
favorite vlogs at least in a long time I
just loved it so thanks for checking
that out we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile off
you
