welcome to the vlog look how clear it is
no does it look clear brand new vlog
camera guys I had to break out a brand
new vlog channel today and it looks so
it's amazing how good they think mi use
every time but when they're new for some
reason the lens is so cleared for some
reason they can't keep dust from getting
in that lens and that's what makes it
nasty and off focus no is ringing up a
camera please picture II took with it I
think it's pretty cool oh go Nana go
giddyup say it they go Nana so welcome
welcome we go again another little
madhouse going on here kids playing
video game you guys Lego Lego on it up
look at how are you even playing like
that
Carson's over here plant what is this
what even speaks anymore let's go check
on Britt because I know you guys have
completely rocked her world we released
the collection number two on spinners
yesterday and of course it's busy
Brian's out here dumping gravel are you
dumping it in the pool so he is he
started the process that we're gonna
we're going to put gravel here like the
soft stuff nothing sharp it's like round
maybe I don't know it's kind of and then
on top of that layer gonna put some nice
big round stones basically all the way
around this it's gonna look legit guy
too Ajith oh yeah flash you ready to
just poop everywhere listen Bob Dylan
bud what's up man he loves rolling in
the mud man and he hates when I pick it
off you don't want me to touch his mud
his mud when I tell you guys I tell you
guys just a lot smile more store is full
time like you've got a bunch of girls
working full-time Britney runs it
full-time I got to walk out here today
to an update young hat did you follow me
in orgy boat I know who you follow then
you follow flashin what is going on here
so how are we doing out here girls how
are we doing we busy always got very
busy I was explaining how they probably
Rock just read look at his peanut butter
peanut butter did you guys eat this cake
it's unbelievable
I have easily
how I'm gonna get out of that
conversation check this out back here
the wall they've got hung up today smile
more all over the place what I hope to
do is bring in your guys's art where you
guys know how you have this whole wall
it's all yours I want to bring it all
the way around around these three signs
basically from back here you'll be able
to see all your guys art with the Sun
you know this just looks crazy
Berthe pulling a box our internet line
I'll take you take you guys out and
update you on out out on out here oh my
gosh dude I don't say guys I'm just
going to show you a little clip here my
app Wow Wow Wubbzy
holy smokes oh there you have it guys I
don't want to give up too much but it's
about to get really really you
saying it's about to I promise it is
didn't actually it's gonna happen hey I
need you guys help I need your help you
help me I need to I need perspective I
need you I need you boys for a
perspective no it's gonna be fun all
right come on side put your shoes on oh
here we go here we go I got a couple of
them I got some does look like a giant
meteor here here okay I want to show you
guys perspective on this because it's
really hard at on camera so I send the
kids down and then you'll be able to see
how big it is okay guys they're still
working on it but look at that it is
massive and with the kids in it you can
really tell how bit you can't tell deep
and steep this is but it's very deep yes
last flesh has been go and you just fit
never ham and donkey go down in this
hole it's a layer donkey loves the climb
up and down things so this rock is huge
down here Oh what if we found dinosaur
bones down here honey awesome Dino
rhinos we actually can you want to look
for dinosaur I'll take the fingernail
and also but you took the tooth and you
threw in the mud dang it
pretty soon we'll be having a blast in
this little earth hole - I think Tintin
you know what take rain what's doing it
oh oh that's the mystery pretty cool
right news pretty awesome it's gonna be
so much fun
I'm so excited oh girl no you can have a
belt on your zipline so you can just
drop off or it's like a button bell eat
it yeah yeah dude
Just Cause 3 Rosee see if I can catch it
what the why going oh these are the best
I love these things Eddie Eddie you
gotta catch it it's gonna come right
over that pole oh is it just me or am I
having deja vu I'm gonna eat all this
food and then have to poo ha ha ha ha
what's your song ah the whole song and
three sentences I got to hear this I
would purposely figure I'll keep
remember oh I'll check
so here's the thing it is kind of deja
vu cos were eaten similar Vicky just
made a stupid these are yesterday's
Bahama Mama so they're looking a little
two-time drill he's a big grill plus it
looks funny you just pop it up in the
background prairie dogs it you know why
you spilling orders are you guys dumping
all the orders people are waiting cause
it off road it's just a little frog
thank you put the why he's cool little
frog oh you're so cute buddy want to see
it you wants the awesomeness Rogen's
watch us early
oh he's not gonna do it now you know
gonna do it no no he's comfortable he
likes me
you know buddy he got a little buddy
take off into the wild he didn't want to
get off he's like I like to get your
hands probably warm do that's true he's
so cool look at this guy
how awesome is that leave that variation
mr. jealous how cool he is not cool yeah
he's awesome right
ribbit-ribbit you wanna hold him hold on
Tran make the transition yes
he's happening to have oh he's on your
shoulder he's on your shoulder a little
parrot grab it right I'm gonna do what
he does mmm is that what told you yeah
that's what he's doing good I can't make
this up my wish
I read my rubber egg while we are
working all around today I just feel I'm
filthy
at least these pant these are supposed
to be black black just fit literally
about two maybe two hours cleaning the
outside garage where the catechol is
because we got a bunch of stuff that
came in I had to fill out in the garage
and I couldn't show you guys you could
tomorrow it's gotta be you battleground
in it who you playing with Conrad oh
nice worst part about opening a
brand-new camera it's trying to take
care of a brand new camera I'm very bad
at taking care Mike yeah I'm good at it
but when you film every single day you
get maximum abuse out of your camera
like I go crazy with it you won't bang
picked it take the tag off baby
take the tag up it's a collectible what
a day what a day I know it seems like
nothing but we did a house mom one house
this girl does like one day I seriously
think you should take you guys on a full
day of small more like it is crazy in
there I come in at moments and it's just
like I'm right back out like I got to do
my thing you do you I don't know if I
could take them with me
let's really sit on my computer half
today not take a happy today honey all
your pregnancy books that's a natural
childcare
finally finally just get to have fun
swarm and like I've been waiting a long
time it's been a lot of anticipation I
was just literally the park just the
hair the chinny Chinchin with it
look at you had other plans that it was
supposed to be crazy but it didn't end
up happening no it's just like
last-minute buildup change yeah I was
supposed to do something but it wasn't
it wasn't going to be really great for
the voice but I was supposed to so cool
but it's going to happen this week
either way but oh just be blended with
all the craziness I can't wait I'm
excited to take you guys on this journey
3 something new something funky fun I'm
just ready to have fun I'm ready to go
hot dog huh you going back for more
tough disease on you decide for tomorrow
super excited about Wednesday how about
Thursday how about Friday on Saturday
you don't even know you don't even know
teaspoon ends and then keeps pin it whoa
it looks cool in Cameron but it looks
like it's holding still look like
warming will you it looks like it's
barely moving
mmm I just want to say thank you guys so
much for bearing with us the last couple
weeks trying to get things up organized
and just trying to keep things moving
keep the vlogs upload and keep that
train rolling and just most of all being
here whether the vlogs are crazy
exciting boring slow business family
whatever it is thank you guys so much
for being here we are so blessed and
fortunate to have you here and it's just
awesome to share our experience with it
I'm really I'm not gonna lie I can't
believe I've uploaded every day with how
much is going on here like it is insane
guys the amount of things that I do
during the day that's just not on camera
Oh can't wait to start tomorrow so it's
gonna get fun I keep saying that but I
think tomorrow it really does start so
thumbs up for that we'll see you guys
tomorrow thank you for everything I
think this will be 31 vlogs in a row
which for me lately I think that's a new
record
so keep your head up guys keep moving
forward stop worrying about things
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
