well well well look who decided to show
up
welcome welcome to the vlog welcome to
the hood like it moving on up why are so
clear so far
you mean rocks old mine with the hose
it's like what we delivered oh yeah
watered live I did put a lot of those
water I'm impressed what is this what he
has been what Dale your dad has been
looking for a go-kart for probably a
year and you found it
found it this thing is so sweet it
carries me thank you let me see let me
see you in a Yeti country that's the
test a country will fit there he goes
hey I don't know if you know this that's
fine not for you your dad bought that
for him for sure
Conrad you are a little water bug dude
you didn't you weren't even here five
five seconds I don't know where he gets
it from are you doing about what are you
doing at least dick all my until you
look good on this thing yeah we got
tested we got to test it out you know
what we've been saying Donkey Kong for
Mario Kart or maybe Bowser maybe maybe
your bowels are doing ok I'll be Bowser
the question is how many Jolly Ranchers
going to take for me to get this with
this move ok you should be paying Dale
Jolly Ranchers to ride on it this
thing's a beast you ready to try it bond
here give it a rock and roll egg let's
see if he can reach a pedal you've never
driven a go-kart reports tonight sandy
VI oh it's even got a seat belt let's
put that on the go-karts are so awesome
and I haven't been in a go-kart since we
were like yo I gotta start it huh so a
little different than the four wheeler
right is you got to reach for the gas
pedal can you reach it I just push it a
little bit there you go yeah
okay the party star in he cold it's so
cold
sup mom love dad I didn't even get out
my agent 11 no play right now though
we've got a nice very nice family day
plan it still has not rained they said
rain yesterday no rain it's a rain today
no rain it's been perfect beautiful
weather here Conrad's in survival mode
did it's so cold
alright brainiacs
what kind of call does a marathon runner
always make I'm gonna call this jokes
not for the weak I'm so simple is
amazing I like these long-distance oh
you just said it just ancillary okay so
we got these little blow-up solar covers
that go on top of this guy you know try
to heat it up the water's really really
cool set which doesn't sound bad that
doesn't sound that bad
so it's warmed up I think it was 33
yesterday yeah comes out of the ground
at 56 okay so it has it has one that
when the truck brought the water it was
right out of the ground it was 56 so
it's already at 71 alright so we even
need these guys man yeah we're gonna
have a little rate you guys never heard
the story of Paul Bunyan basically he
races a lumberjack with a chainsaw well
that's what we're going to do right now
because Dale thinks he can blow one of
these up faster than I can blow up with
an air compressor ah yeah you got this
they start calling you long these call
me iron lung I always was full of hot
air
ah here comes another car it's baby blue
dude I never thought you'd actually
start a junkyard I know that was a dream
of yours but why yeah pretty soon you'll
be a you've got a pole get part round
then smile more pic and poles mom will
or pic and pole should I give you like a
handicap like a 20 second leaves me I
need elite dude I got a hose full hot
air that's only 135 psi you know what's
in these loan oh damn I need you to film
this alright I need you to film this so
what we're going to do is we're going to
both race like this side by side whoever
blows it up first wins a pretty simple
competition and I think we all know
who's going to win
there was God why do you know okay so
we're doing outside ring outside ring
first I was getting them both hey I get
to say go you know yeah I see like look
I can get both these alright you want
yeah I don't know you weren't supposed
to tally Matt these boys have been doing
this since they were that big high ready
all right ready start on me ready set go
John ah
hurry up Dale
oh you tried so hard Rome nailed it I
didn't break a sweat Brock I was gonna
sit down so fastest imma let him do it
i'ma hold these up alright no I'm not
doing them all here it's only like ten
more it hurts every time I do that
I don't know if he bought it or not but
we had that sucker blown up as come on
guys I can't do that no so naive so
these little guys go in here and then
they're supposed to help heat the water
up like I guess I don't know how it
works but eat them up we mean it took
long enough
yeah a whole thing a queso cheese baby
we've been out here blowing these things
up
what is going on in here holy seem long
hot dogs brought and bah-bah-bah bahah
oh oh you got it you gotta put this on
there we go
give me some cooking mama all right so
you're swaying sister one last one you
gotta have this raft at a barbecue I
just feel like check this out
I was very fuzzy
cheeseburger coming in you need some
help Momo you think you can make it oh
my god if you get enough we'll give you
$100 gas you can keep your hands Ellis
cause I know she'll jump out of an
airplane God she'll get on a plane take
trips but she won't get in water now I
was after I got in above my ankles I had
to keep ocean ocean is this male or
female because no look mama and papa
how's she lookin Gilly how's she lookin
on her first week about to open her up
check but we need a little more luck
capacitor you want to be alright
I don't know the bug zapper the I don't
know what that is it's a highly
sophisticated pool pump and I'm not sure
if I'm qualified all right who can tell
me how this process works you feel this
thing with Sam look a bunch of sand in
it right I understand what's going on
they ripped you off some sandy that's
not 50 pounds there's a phone there oh
no make no sense it don't make no sense
what what's the sin do it's a it's a
filtration media so the water flows
through the sand yeah and then goes
through the top how's the sand not go
back out because there's little filters
in the bottom of it yeah I don't even
know what to say I don't even know what
to say damn I better look at that grill
I get on do full full throttle baby
bottle to see it first initial fire off
of the pump you've never been turned on
oh that's not good time hey guys found a
problem got it I wasn't even plugged in
wasn't even plugged in the honor sir
what do I do
just just uh just hit that button right
there all right yeah well good which one
this one yeah
that's it she's on what is that I did
what is it well sand Oh so orange for a
second is it leaking on we got a hole
what is that
is rented did our pool is on that's it
scammers doing what good job Gil no I
played on you know you've done such a
good job that I'm going to be calling on
you anytime there's a problem I come I
did a good job I had to do it again like
him or Christine I changed my phone
number I don't even know where struck
just like a birthday today I don't know
where to put this looks so good you know
baked beans for a long time like veins
cheeseburgers Bahama Mama's hot dog who
bravely bacon I don't appreciate it I
don't want to sound ungrateful but
someone said take it five take it Bob is
that your strip of bacon right there
that's how you got to the start so I
just built like the tower the
cheeseburgers powered bacon onion
Miracle Whip mustard ketchup food blog
let you ask you ha ha you know what I'm
just going to say this I'm so glad it
doesn't take a holiday for us to get
together as a family
just a random Sunday hanging out eating
fantastic job on the food that is like
his next level today
I guess that's serious cooking right
there country you remember the last time
you ate beans you remember what happened
is it serious oh oh you got bad gas you
got Mitch said it it did it I cursed us
today guys I said I was not going to
read it so it wasn't but I said it
hasn't rained for a while
so all on my camera but I it's raining
you want off into the lily pads yo those
look cool down there a little Frogger is
boy where does Friday come before
Thursday where does Friday come before
Thursday
it feels loose not not a room full of
brains here they're right in the
dictionary whoa
all right guys this next part super
exciting actually it's a funny story
that I need to explain you so Carl here
by the way what I can probably help me
explain this so you guys know we came
out with our fidget spinners right and
they went crazy you guys actually sold
out 20,000 fidget spinners in 12 hours
sold out and we said we weren't making
them again that's true we're never
making that goes again so here's the
funny part about it our original
shipment of spinners they got returned
and we never got on the truth that's
what how do we held back we held back
the first series so now we're like we
want to see how this goes let's do the
second the second like the bottom first
that's not true and then now now you can
let the first series okay so here's what
happened so here here's the original
four that we released and came out with
this is what we sold out of we obviously
have a few ourselves for us but those
are in now releasing as you're watching
this is okay this is the brain here
let's line them up this is how this
works
these are correctly get series one these
are currently sold out you guys bought
those they're not being remade this now
available series two this is actually
one two three and four and that's five
six seven and eight these are all sold
out
these are the new ones new colors were
never making a connection
new color scheme and numbered again so
if you were here for our original launch
of spinners they went crazy like they
absolutely went crazy you guys they sold
out so fast and they will never be
remade again the only thing we're doing
is remaking colors so this colors never
be remade this one is so sick this is
number 2688 what is 5000 of each color
they will sell out super fast if you
want one go get one last time with 12
hours I don't know what this will sell
out but they're collectible they're all
numbered and there's only 5000 of each
color and they'll never be remade today
our guys spinners are back new color
pattern you can never get the originals
again so whoever has those that's it
Britney's dropping them which one is
your favorite so this is the only one
that's not changed that much this is
black this is the original now it has a
pink Center that's the only thing
different on that one these are all
different
the writing is different to all the
writing is different yeah that's right
this is white the blue these were the
first ones to sell out last time well uh
this is my favorite green away I like
the blue in the black okay which one's
your favorite Dale what is it running
black hands down
that's my fans I don't know zombie a
black and blue is sick I don't know I
like him oh they're cool oh this is
solid this one you found out you to be
writing can't see through that one that
one is going to me so that's it guys if
you were one of those people that hit me
up literally that they sold out so fast
last time you hit me up I didn't get a
chance to get one please please please
they're back on the site right now if
you're watching this top link in my
description go get one because they will
did you figure out the weather here they
will be gone I gotta fight through the
animals to get to my boy hey baby
Oh flash like I'm jealous I'm jealous
give me some nothing you can pick it you
can reach your hand and you can't peek
what you can't look come on no you can't
you got to reach into one of them boxes
so it's that fair the super fair like
try to find a cool number no you can't
look for numbers that's right here we go
alright whatever I get I get am I going
oh can I go down you know whatever you
want but you can't look I got my finger
in the lower case whatever here we go if
you get number one you can't keep it
eighteen hundred and fifty five five
thousand of five thousand which one's
your in the 1800 box then yeah 1837 or
1835 and 1837 are gone they're just I
think the numbers make these so fun like
why do I love collecting stuff and like
why not have them numbered especially
since the only time we're ever making
them like sit oh I also feel like it's
not just number one like number one is
obviously amazing but number 100 or
1,000 or 2,000 and also be sweet you
don't know what you're going to get even
number yeah last time we release Bishop
spinners we did the photo on our
countertop which was super tedious being
open all devices were doing the same
thing at this time
we've got child labor up in the house
shelling boys from dusk till dawn we'll
be out here shelling fidgets Pinhas you
guys are you guys are doing good you
guys might be beating us over here so
last time we did the countertop in the
kitchen when we released these this
problem we're going to try to do the
whole floor registers the only thing is
they come in a bag and you have to take
every single one of them out so we got
all the kids helping off and fish let's
see if somebody gets this one 26:42
26:42 who's going to get that one all
right guys we having fun yet
Oh what you want to play ball seriously
let me have a try ready Glee on a pool
look so nice - but it's so cold on a
super super duper party pooper awesome
day that was and what you guys doing
well I sneaked out it got late guys
opening all this took forever
I guess these yeah we love you guys so
much thanks for hanging out today what a
great family day man I'm telling you
don't let holidays don't let special
occasions be the only time that you say
hey once you guys come over and hang out
or why don't you go visit friends and
family just randomly like make it a
point to spend time outside of those
special holidays or those occasions
birthdays and just do it on a regular
day like TV every day it's such a gift
that you gotta really grab on and I
don't know how to explain it but family
is everything and the more you have them
around and you build that something it
is the best so I hope you guys are
encouraged a little bit inspired today
to maybe call somebody that you love and
haven't seen for awhile and invite them
over or you go see them we love you so
much here at this household we will see
you guys tomorrow if you missed out last
time or you want the new collection
fidget spinners are available again new
colors the old ones will never be
ADEs so whoever got those got them and
now's your chance to get new ones or
collect living one top link in my
description I love you guys you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
