and down welcome to the madhouse you
trying to scare me I'm the one who
scares people around here hey hey good
news it's madhouse first of all guys we
got Brittany sisters kids here today
we've got cool thing though they're
filling the pool the pool isn't so sweet
I'm stuttering like crazy enough
let me start fresh sir could you just
say a pop is making me slobbery alright
halabja oh geez oh geez
you ready have a baby girl run around
this house are you ready to have a baby
girl run around this house mayhem nation
it's a whole other world does one of the
plus diapers put diapers are coming
that's I didn't even think about that
this whole time here's the cool thing
they weren't supposed to deliver water
till tomorrow but they brought it today
thanks dude they got us some water and
look at this truck this is what they
bring water and first of all this is the
hose full of water and it runs all the
way out all the way into this giant
truck crazy so we got pool water which
is awesome I don't know if it's gonna be
full today but it's just it's going to
be enough for now these guys here and
then over here on this side of the yard
we got another water truck hey you guys
regular swimming you wearing a swimming
flash huh got a hook that thing to the
back of one of the rafts is it cold
you can touch nice that's perfect
this is that this is the bazooka
oh my gosh I got more lemonade yeah I
think so you're going to drain it I'm
gonna drain this pool one inch at a time
the matter how kinda is what's going on
here I mean our whole land is just
pretty much beat up and destroyed donkey
is loving the new dirt he just hikes and
walks and climbs it's safe to say here
in Ohio
we're finally getting nice warm weather
if you hear me complaining that it's too
hot if you hear me complaining that the
sun's too bright you're allowed to smack
me because I complain so much about how
miserable the weather was it's funny
it's finally nice and I will not
complain about it I brought this for you
I brought it for you little tent block
that sunshine here them fun yeah it
looks nice it's the it's the cold walk
you're doing the cold walk for all guys
very nice chill day taking it easy gonna
put up some shades they want to swim he
wants to sleep waking the donkey
oh are you sleepy boy huh you always
have on something always have what's up
man
boom you see this did you see this is
the leftovers from yesterday I cleaned
it up yet if you guys missed yesterday's
vlog I lit up 10 can't do it almost 2000
flaming balls really yeah the made you
wanna you want to try it I would do I
would I would like rig it up for you if
you want to do it you serious yet would
you do it yeah oh let's do it I would I
would do it I would do it you would do
it I would do it I'm ready
hot I got you I'm gonna set it up
alright wait here alright so country
wants to do he actually I kind of hinted
it because yesterday he was like yo I
want to I want to do something like that
so it's like I got him today I'm gonna
I'm gonna let him do it
see my tools my supplies my duct tape
we're gonna need that underneath that
actually that's it so country's been
seeing multiple
time's riding his bike here at the house
and I just think would be appropriate
like I got my bike which is cool and fun
but countries got his own bike so I'm
gonna rig these up this up on his bike
it's what it's all about right here man
you can do so much with this stuff I
mean I pretty much build everything with
it all right man I got your bike ready
watch where you point at me there you go
you got it man all right already
I might not be the most comfy rod so you
just kind of got a pair with this is
this is this is by far this is a person
regional bike ever made and this is a
classic way it is a classic I know I got
that bike at 3 years old for his
birthday and it's all going strong still
going strong here I want you to be safe
hey you gotta wear there I don't know
you're gonna need the jacket on this one
hey the bike fits with the jagged of it
I don't think the jacket even fit on me
think you miss me you can hang on oh we
got this here we go
there we go I know it's round that that
second term gets a little tight all
right
oh it's a sign it's a sign three two one
enjoy the ride oh oh you got bad gas you
mentioned sit in it it is it is
oh he's taking turn he taking turns
that's what it looks like after he ate
the wrong beans right there those are
bad beans what do you mean I'm not
moving always bigger and better oh I
won't move
like I want all that all yo this was
Mario Kart
and you were Donkey Kong what kind of
special ability with that band is with
that okay what was that like you hit the
stuff was at the star yeah I think I had
to start I think I had to star in it you
know that you just knocked everybody out
the way I think it was the bad beans bro
it probably wasn't that really calm
relaxing dates is funny it's like a
calming before the storm because Monday
is when like the whole thing starts this
whole thing I've been talking about the
whole thing we've been working on the
whole thing we've been building all
starts Monday it's like a big build-up
to this but I thought like that
laid-back day was going to be tomorrow
tomorrow why do I think yes there's
tomorrow so confused kids are over here
rocking battleground
you know what Cain has become so darn
good at this game
number eight before a lot it's always
the last one like all da a all die
everybody'll be dead and Hannah be
running through the field okay guys it
is current day I ended up actually
playing video games all night with the
kids that's exactly what I didn't I
didn't film any of I tried to record I'm
trying to figure this out I did record
gameplay but my mic didn't come out like
super super quiet so I don't want to put
it in a vlog but it was it was bad game
anyway so pointless we're starting
current day I know you guys been diggin
a lot of these current day vlogs and a
lot of cool stuff keeps happening
each morning so I'm like let's go let's
go check this out put in this video
let's go
you driving yeah geez I guess that makes
sense
Eric take it easy cuz I got a baby on
board alright we had a baby on board
sticker for this toy I got a lot to hold
on to look at that pretty the crews out
here it looks like a movie set I like it
looks crazy like a camp hey don't be
chewing on that internet cable punk G
Majan he just snapped my line he's a
good job P Empire
all right no it's not a go look at this
place
dude it looks like a junkyard set or
something oh my gosh you get you get off
first up kit yeah sign they were party
they are partying on the property party
right there
at proper country you having property
parties out here confetti everywhere
okay guys so keep in mind we're still on
our property we're on the side yard
right now and look at this guy like how
bad do always want to play on that like
what can you do with that what can't you
do with that that's it yeah
geez Louise Peppa cheese look at these
guys it's starting to look like a battle
ground field isn't it yeah it looks like
a game oh we should come out with P
balls can I get like a vest to where I
can uh just buy us a couple more weeks
on it what Eve yeah what even is this no
I'll give you three hundred three
hundred hugs right now if you can tell
me what kind of car this is Rick tell me
what kind of car listen I know you want
it like that it what is this a
Volkswagen Beetle is that the actual
name lovebug
well they got plants growing back here
it's a 1972 tetanus shot okay old cow
did 30 seconds too long but honestly
looks like a paintball arena which is
weird I promise you we're not doing any
paint but maybe we should since it's
here just build a paintball arena it
does look like it but it's not I promise
you it's not airsoft is not paintball
it's nothing to do with any time of
weaponry it's just what it is but
nobody's gonna stop Joe there's a
serious car lovers watching what is this
car I don't know the year I don't know
the make I only know who made it because
it actually says it on the back I don't
even know what trellis is so tell me
what car is it so all the fun starts
tomorrow
all I get legit all starts tomorrow I've
been saying like did not like I don't
want to hype it up but it's a
not common and it's like maybe these
type of lugs right now are more for me
leading up to it more for our family
more for us rather than you guys because
I'm really just trying to update on
what's going on in and show this for
future memories and just remember what
our yard looks like it's a lot like it's
a lot to take in like it's a lot of work
and a lot of building a lot of stuff
going into this and I don't know maybe
it's maybe this type of stuffs more for
us but tomorrow it all starts literally
tomorrow as you're watching this current
day this is current day tomorrow how
many Jolly Ranchers was that you've been
saving up 12 Jolly right that's your new
ride how long did it take you to get
here believe it now people beeping that
means yeah but you just you just hit
lights and sirens you get here little
faster hit the lights and sirens and I
just played them around they go around
all right cool Oh baby come on baby
I guess since we're trying to film
memories here look at my job well you
guys know I was vlogging when I poured
this item pour but look at this this is
my beautiful concrete driveway this is
what's happening to it with all the
trucks and all the things we have on the
property it's just destroying no it
didn't then you should put the brake on
it yeah I definitely would that would be
my advice from the beginning thank you
guys for hanging out I'm going to end
this so that I can start today's vlog
two vlogs two little little bit today
love you guys so much thanks for being a
part of this this is going to be really
fun really cool really exciting and
today is actually a fun day to a lot of
family coming over Noah and just
everybody so I'm excited we love you so
much thanks for being here and part of
this we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful one-of-a-kind smile
you
