hey Veronica have you seen Brett I don't
know I think I seen her in the back my
back you hear back there huh honey she
what track here
what are you okay I'm having a baby back
here no you're not
what's the matter with you is one
beautiful baby you should be a model
like a pregnant model I have no
collarbone if you pull her oh you look
great
I bet you could be a model I'll show you
I may be shut the door this is serious
baby this is serious shut the door shut
the doors is serious
it's update time I'm feeling having deja
vu oh you salted me hey guys welcome to
the current day this is not filmed the
day before this is actually good day
that we uploaded this video this is
current day this is actually today yeah
it's not yesterday's vlog today's vlog
and here's what happened we got weeoo
weeoo weeoo
maybe we just start doing these update
videos once a week because we're
struggling right now like I'm not gonna
lie we keep it up the street but there
is so much going on at this place I am
I've got 20 different people asking me
for 20 different things and I'm like
wait I got a blog right think of Carrie
to capture these memories and it it's a
really difficult but it's going to ease
up like we're in the last few days
before it just gets fun and awesome so
we're gonna we're gonna fight through it
with you guys thanks for hanging out
with us on the on days the off days I
did actually still yesterday so I would
like to play that now and it will come
back to this
from bang bang bang bang let's go and
welcome to the vlog guys welcome class
welcome to the blog little buddy
we missed you ah it feels good so busy
day busy as always and we've got about
this much water in a fallen cane there's
been having fun so I'm gonna go join him
you want to get in there I didn't
he was live hey hey we're going swimming
we're getting in the strawberry and
sugar oh my gosh is it cold our three
inches of water
everyone's yesterday's vlog Dale tried
to convince me to leave my hose running
overnight which I didn't and I thought I
would but I just had this fear that I
would dry my well up and it just can be
a big problem and there's already so
many problems today that I'm excited to
tell you about but for now let me just
splash around with cane well that's like
ice there's a popsicle pole this crazy
guy were you going in such a hurry up
perfect I was looking for flash I found
my body swelling again oh okay it's
funny good like the sides are going to
expand once we get water in here but
there's just no water so it's like all
caving in and that is what it is
did you ride in the Flip Mingo you know
why they called the Flip Mingo because
it's okay I'm going to jump over here
real quick and show you the what
happened today just silly stuff all the
time happening here this is better than
it was just do this from the first place
okay so today you guys know they're
digging the pond and they they cut my
internet line so now they had to read
they had to run it over my driveway so
Brian built this little like speed bump
is temporary it's temporary they
couldn't dig it under the ground because
they're afraid it's going to get cut
again so they just ran it through my
yard and it has to go over the driveway
and he'll just get crushed and broke so
dude this is awesome I just leave it
like that
I speak up yeah I speak first
so now I've got my internet cable
running through my yard now I don't know
ow I don't think it comes any surprise
but when you wake up in your Internet's
out is a youtuber is like somebody that
does the internet for a living it is so
freaky man like we've all got when I go
on the Internet's not working the router
spine everything looks fun and then
they're like we cut the line out I want
to show you what they did today I wish
had shoes on they keep stepping on stuff
and out here digging like crazy this is
so deep I know you can't tell on camera
but when the dozer goes down in it you
can't even see it when you're back here
he disappears into the hole that's how
beep it is it's going to 25 feet deep
into the earth by here so it's a bit of
an update update video today a bit of a
weird vlog up some steaks already ah
what do you mean I'm the fastest steak
cooker in the West go take an hour and I
was like I need eight minutes to boil
Rock can I ask you a serious question
what steaks have ever taken an hour to
cook unless you throw the whole cow on
the grill you want your own rotten
broccoli no so super pumped I'm so
excited like the what like it's exciting
to have like as a vlog I'm not gonna lie
it's exciting to have content for you
guys like when I wake up and I'm like I
have nothing to do today those are the
kind of days where I'm like am I going
to vlog this it's not doing anything but
if I know like all right starting next
week we got all this crazy stuff it
excites me gets me pumped it's like I
get to give you guys something on top of
giving up our life on camera it's like a
bonus like having something to do as a
bonus to our day you can drink all that
you be peeing peeing all week scissoring
to the negative only to
at least what you got going on in here
dude oh you know what you're about to do
this poor little truck oh it's the
campground danger oh well look you found
a little sleeping zone what a flash I
also see a lot of people say what's
wrong with Fox's eye there's nothing
wrong with eyesight some Huskies have
one blue and one brown eye and now right
tell him tell of us and that guy's puts
us back to current day um just I
struggled big-time yesterday that's all
I got that's really like I didn't just
cut up the highlights that's pretty much
all I filmed yesterday with everything
going on forgive me
are those samples or those ours can we
have those you don't have those well how
many do we have florence's okay so
sometimes we get sometimes we get
samples here at the store like hey this
is what it'll look like so they send us
maybe like 10 I 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
12 of them and we'll just give those
away today uh and what throwing orders
I'm just selling orders you don't have
to place an order but if you did maybe
you'll get a free hat it's just like
something's wrong I said I don't want to
get our Comment thing and trying to find
any people we're just all man somebody
12 people are going to get those hats
um updates how's baby how are you
feeling this mortal bits when it's time
to joke what how you feeling so tell us
me speak not to our viewer speak to your
future self what explain to your future
self what you're feeling right now
because once a girl has a baby I swear
they forget that they had the baby and
all of a sudden they want to have
another baby
thank God I don't have on do it again
but you probably said that when you were
this pregnant with Kane but you forgot
yeah it's like the men in black pen you
forget everything
I don't feel like I was miss miserable
but you came I think it's just a whole
other pregnancy angle cuz it's a girl
whilst a different time and it's hot out
when you're kind of King you didn't go
through the summer and it's getting
cloudy but I wasn't this pregnant yeah
your pop it so I would do it for you I
got hit I'm so broke out it doesn't look
bad right now but couple days goes best
we should watch it Sunday we gotta wait
till Sunday to get water in the pool
that's going to be really fun because
I'm taking the rails off the porch and
we're just gonna have a heyday hey
something's on you today I'm gonna pee
over all this could just be a good time
for us to express how much we love you
guys we ate and care about every one of
you it has been such a journey looking
back at somebody sent me a picture of
smile more store four years ago did you
see that I don't think is actually four
years ago but did you see that picture
let me pull it up real quick
hang on this is really cool though this
is a picture of the smile more store a
few years ago before we had a bit like
it's just so crazy not only have you
guys been here the entire time but the
progression of your of your life when
you continue to work on things that
you'd love to do and it's always I
always want to use these videos to push
you guys encourage you guys to pursue
whatever it is and don't expect hey
flash my buddy just like you you were
just a puppy now you're a big full body
monster look at this guy good guy come
on guys come on man don't be shy I just
always want come on up dude I put out
the invitation I'm kid I just always
want to put out there you guys don't
expect any type of success overnight
like it takes you years and years and
years and if you're really lucky and you
put all your love and passion into it it
just grows and it's so awesome to share
that and use it to motivate you guys to
try it on your own and don't get
discouraged every time you want to quit
it keep going and and just that's really
good advice that really every time you
want to quit just keep going I love you
guys
we got to go because today I'm filming
two videos this one and now I have to
start my new vlog for the whole day so
love you guys so much any amount of love
and
you can give on this I would appreciate
because it's a rough one
we'll see them on the street Kill Bill
Clinton this yeah where does he
with like you guys thanks for being part
of this weird family I can't wait to
show you what's going on
very soon couple days few days love you
you're friggin beautiful you're one of a
kind smile more
you
