alright guys welcome to the vlog welcome
to our channel welcome to the house we
you know over the last few weeks I've
been saying like it's about to get crazy
here and things are about to get nuts
well today is actually good proof that
this is about to happen things are about
to get crazy and I mean when I say these
are about to get really crazy around
here and like I want to show you it's
really windy and I think the best way to
show you is with a drone before I do
that let me try to give me an example
what I'm talking about is step number
one crazy flash covered in mud donkey
just chilling hanging out come here why
didn't you wear your wedding you wear
your boots I told you if you're gonna be
in the mud you got to put boots on
look you got em he's crazy you know
you're covered in mud - I don't even
know where to start today flesh got a
little cool little outdoor dog house
because he I mean he refuses to come in
thank goodness because he's muddy it's
heck he loves it outside he's in I said
no I mean he really has turned him and
donkey I just roam the property I'm
supposed to be showing you guys all this
stuff and I'm getting distracted we got
the pool the two pull boys are here well
sup dude I may or may not have misplaced
some pieces so you're building it like I
would build it we can just fill it with
foam this would be a great fun I'm
telling you it's easier to just fill it
with foam well yeah if you missed
yesterday's vlog we put up this giant
pop-up pool you got going on here what
is this putting in the filter the Oh
I don't even know if I need to prove
that this place is kind of crazy like I
mean it kind of speaks yourself around
here but let me show you what's going on
finally over here I really need you guys
to remember what my backyard used to
look like because it's about to evolve
into this crazy play zone and this let
me just I think Ariel with the drones
gonna be best but let me try to get to
do this so here's what we got going guys
tons in tons and tons of dirt equipment
construction see if I can get up here
for you it is like crazy oh my gosh this
my friends is what I'm talking about
complete chaos it's really hard to put
into perspective of what this is going
to be and what its gonna look like
even to me I'm like how is this gonna
turn in so it's just mayhem however I
can guarantee the vlogs will never be
the same like this is going to be these
zone to be in like this is gonna be the
spot then now let me show you what's
going on over here
or in more semi trucks uh-oh what is
going on this just looks shady like this
is shady going on over here and here
comes more semis yo it's starting to
look like an army base out here dude
it's like military looking this is the
other yard this is that what we're gonna
call the side yard and it's looking cool
look at this spot this is my favorite
look at that I guess I guess you would
call this base camp this is like base
camp like this boo boo so yeah guys
obviously there's like so much going on
my property looks like a compound right
now there's there's semi after semi
there's construction equipment there's
there's digging there's building and
then over here I haven't even showed you
yet this is about like you're only a
couple days to wait but I think I'm
gonna fly a drone over at least show you
guys what's going on so let's get that
drone up show you the property a little
better yeah I feel like we need a name
for this place now guys like it looks
like it's a compound it is not even my
house anymore
it almost looks like a paintball arena
there's so many containers that's now
is Yossi no does he know what he's doing
this guy know what he's doing first day
here we go I'm gonna show you guys the
best I can on the drone I think it'd be
so much better here we go all right this
is going on in the front of the property
they like basically building let me get
a better shot
they're basically rebuilding this
whatever that means all right guys here
is a pretty good look at what's going on
Ariel
it is just crazy like hard like I want
you guys to remember this man this this
backyard is is gonna be different
big time does it give you an idea the
size that we're talking about maybe this
is gonna be so sick I cannot wait that's
a picture of my yard right there that's
what it looks like we got a little that
dozer is Wow
so there yet by the way everything looks
cooler on a drone like I missed that
drone I don't think I've flown that
particular drone since I was on tour
when we take it up over you guys and it
was so much fun I just missed having
that so I got that one out today plus
it's windy and the Mavericks like what's
the update boys she's ready she's
written dude that's like some flux
capacitor Back to the Future stuff is
this pool take you back in time this
really is a time machine it's ready but
it doesn't have the sand we need to wait
for the other girls bringing that in
assault
well they're gonna know they're gonna
get it tomorrow what whoa Brittany
Brittany and Veronica are getting their
toes down and they're yeah they can't
get us water till Sunday I've guards on
duty this is the ankle pool right here
this is the ankle kiddie pool still fun
house is it cold no that's awesome
it's over his head okay so my brother
just got here and he brought would you
bring boxing gloves but some toys this
new toy I haven't even opened I've been
waiting a perfect time I wanna box me
knock me out you've been waiting to give
me a black wig
is it called black eye here's the deal
in real life I would never want to box
you you're too fast you're too scrappy
you just have where streetrat better
hand-eye coordination than me I wouldn't
want to but this is like I don't you'll
see what it is if you gotta wear a
helmet
dude these are serious like look these
are hand
I'm not kidding these are handmade and
hand painted nice crazy high speed right
sir that you could probably run right
off my deck into that pool oh by the way
water can't come till Sunday and Dale
said just put the hose in it like you
don't think I'll run mine went well out
now and if you do just dig a new one my
whole property's dug up yeah that's
gonna take a very very very long days
got me Colin it's like cinder punch what
the heck oh come on you guys got a go
for it
get up game get okay hey oh hey oh you
say no mayweather fight get them oh oh
my god how does this fight I need to be
first the land x amount of punches to
the face is dog representation what I'm
gonna do here I get in that ring I get
in there to kill I get in there kill my
opponent that's me that's me
she got it she got it slaying it I love
just team Hilldale farm alive
hey wait you killed them he jumped me
summers like this dude just landed
beside me his name was there brother
that dad yeah I get more kills them and
he takes me out I wanted your loot and I
didn't even lose like you just take me
out oh hi guys I'm back oh my little
girls day we got our toes done
we're gonna won this easily we could
have won is our game if you lose it's
all on you were you out in this Sun good
a dummy uh yeah a little Sun Tan little
sunbathing good three alive you're
cutting me out of this you're sneaking
me out just like that I literally only
had like 15 rounds of ammo left
I'll eat this two dudes I kill dilute I
grabbed a gun grab some ammo shot two
more guys and then I laid down for
protection beside him and he shoots me
in the face not only that all I got to
stinking doozy I'm in the heart of it oh
right there
Judy's right there just shoot
a little left
I could have had you back you definitely
had mine dude was an accident you're
gonna leave your all your stuff yeah I'm
leaving all right kill you later bro all
right guys I hate to end it abruptly as
as I always say we're gonna eat some
dinner we've worked into the night a
little bit I got so I just spent
probably what three to three hours
cleaning my office to three hours
bout for me tell him tell him no I woke
up in your office clean yeah she took a
nap I just been hustling what are you
eating broccoli cheese broccoli broccoli
I love you guys so much thanks for
hanging out today and I got to show you
pretty much today's just updating you on
this property that's going in it is so
crazy so exciting so much to take in
like our house looks like a compound
right now it's construction and it's
just nuts it's crazy like you go outside
it's just
babe babe it's like trucks and pounding
and shaking and it's awesome I love it
we've see tomorrow thank you for the
support thank you for coming along on
this journey it's about to get really
fun and the streaks still going we're
rocking it thank you guys so much for
being here we'll see you tomorrow you
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more seriously guys thank you so much
for watching today if you want to see
yesterday's vlog click one of these
boxes on this end card and if you want
to jump into our playlist from this year
click the other box can't thank you
enough for being a part of this family
we love you guys so much we couldn't do
what we do without you so enjoy your day
smile more
