welcome to the vlog guys we are going to
attempt today to do something I've never
done and know nothing about like most
things I do in these vlogs but I got the
next best thing I've got one of the
greatest pool builders in all of this
County chase Gilroy
voila feeling confident Charlie doing
look at my yard I'm full we've moved the
the waterslide we moved the trampoline
which is look we need you to mow this by
three Empire you think you have that
mode now we're just gonna need you to
carry it over here all right bring it up
cata killers down so you're gonna have
to pick it up move it over you got it
high country if you could if you could
for us just demonstrate how you're gonna
get this to the backyard right I got
this
I'm just made a direct oh it's only uh
what are we got here five hundred one
road-weary you know five hundred some
pounds that's like one of your arms so
good luck buddy
maybe we can help get it up onto his bag
and then from there I yeah you guys get
the confidence oh yeah oh the gravel
that's how I got to the top of it
earlier oh there we go alright gonna put
it on your back this is your shot this
is your time you're trying to shine I
we need to cat a killer we're gonna have
to use it busting out the caterpillar
today and I can see
there's all y'all going on guys we got
to dig apparently flat and you know it
looks level to me you guys I don't know
really we got to dig this out like how
does this work
yeah I'm timid I'll you got to take off
the top layer of grass and all that
stuff right but done the grass make the
ground softer no it's too bumpy it's too
bumpy it's not level we've got to take
all this sawed off okay and we got to
put sand down so it's a nice smooth
bottom to your pool who likes sand in
the water I like that like in the pool
you put it in the pool no no no no so we
got we got cat a killer which is great
for how would you go without that shovel
art it's hard we got two and a half tons
of sand that's going to go down on the
ground once we scoop out there this is a
learning vlog today in case you want to
put in your own little pop-up pool okay
I'm going to learn with you so 16-foot
why we're trying to figure out we can
put it up against this rail so you can
jump off the rail into the pool that's
pretty wide holy smokes breaking the
seal that's metal on metal come on
them jealous ranchers or not come on oh
my god you know what I think I just
changed my mind
well they said oh crap that's 19 so
we're safe we're safe away from that if
we come in 16 that's 16
oh we got an idea guys imagine this this
is all destroyed anyway from flash what
if we take the pull from that them steps
all the way over and then remove the
rails and you can just jump right in the
pool - some type of safety game for the
kids but I think it's genius doing it so
Wendy hey Otis oh you know my house is
about to be a wreck country on the scene
country on the farm here's the idea okay
we could just put the pool this is like
one of them store-bought pop-up pulls
right but we could just put it out here
and that would be fun but what if we
remove these rails and built the pole up
against the deck so that you could run
off the porch into the pool to me
thinking out of my kids minds in my mind
that just sounds way funner funner step
one dimensions got to get them
dimensions right
gotta know where to dig the ground oh
gosh I just hit your tape measure
oh no that's bring it oh I owe you pain
you think it'd be a good idea if you
could run and jump off the deck into the
pool like from there
that's what you just said remember me
not ticklish right here yeah think about
it take this deck up this rail and you
can just jump in get out off the steps
jump in is that where you're riding is
I'm up start digging time to dig a pool
bro shouldn't need that bird's-eye view
parts gonna be a little boring boring
boring so we're going to set up a couple
cameras do a time-lapse and hope for the
best
a blood gas line blow us up right you
guys going to go and start with what do
you ever you're doing um you can't go on
strike will you get trying to get more
candy other kids yes no guys you're on
my side right there we go I got like
with me are you
Oh to verse 2 to verse 2 well we need
some donations I can't he keeps London
sexina has got some nice to stall that
candy
and you can
we're gonna get it for us
when I strike what we got here is a big
old math book and let's not let's not
get too detailed out there all right you
guys use the levels and stuff yeah it's
just for fun it's think I'd be
professional is it good I know I already
knew that you already knew that I was
eyeballing it
I got demoted demoted down but this guy
knows what he's doing he's actually
digging it nice I got a good start look
at this
the fort is destroyed but it's starting
to get level and for a pop-up pool this
thing is way bigger than I thought it's
like legit it's like a like the kids are
gonna have a blast
just another day here at the house with
my little mini do slash can fall asleep
during all this this fall asleep what
you got empire empire you got squeaky
donut what he likes it me none of those
rubber chickens man you turn this thing
into an art project you could roller
skate on this thing that that is amazing
all that with the shovel you did good
man it was beer all sauces like a
scenery it was all just all in polish
all added imposing yeah well we're
pretty committed to the pool now I mean
there's really no turning back look at
this I mean we did a number on it
Empire loves it you guys like it yeah we
could just put a tarp on here and fill
it with water something told me this
wasn't going to be a quick project today
we are we are we are deep into some
hours you're about to drop some sand you
can get enough sand I don't know this is
twice as much as I use for my pool but
your pool is twice as big as ours this
should be perfect but it's also square
or rectangular Caleb lay right here lay
down in that would be so dumb that's two
tons of sand it would crush you wait put
your put your head this way dude
dump a little bit oh he's got to go get
food that's a person hey go
everybody wants to be Sandman steady
steady there you go that's using the old
brain woody that's enough dude I think
we're good
it pulls ready yo what's an hourglass oh
you know this came out of a cat litter
box all right I would not stand there yo
family I would not stand there dude oh
that wasn't bad
even Empires laughing at me much it's
such a dumb idea
flash flash we're building the world's
largest litter box for all the local
cats this is gonna be the Jumbo poop
station look it's a little kitty look at
the little doggie we go to the whole
bottom I set what is this grandpa these
stones that's that's from the caffeine
in it it's a solid it's all abou pee and
then maybe we just make a little beach
pool of water in here make a little sand
dune
I don't think you know work that way
this is supposed to be like a learning
video today of how to take a normal pop
up pull and turn it into and this is
turning into like a half in ground
project look at the sand look at the
sand okay so the next product is just
kind of leveling the sand out we're
going to show you step one level ation
lay it all out and we're going to take
this 2x4 2x4 and we're going to run it
backwards
let rock it back and forth if they got
that hill you know you got and touching
all the one yeah
drag it back off too heavy whoa little
Rumble country just brought up a good
point guys you know we got the tree
removal business we do YouTube but we
can probably get into a full business
after this I mean this is this is legit
certain look like Pinterest in here
pristine lines perfect sand it's a
beautiful thing
so it's too nice we got to mess it up a
little write your name in it here's the
thing we could have just put the pool in
the yard again that was a legit option
like you could just take it out set it
in your yard but look at this for the
record I would have put this thing up
ten times why now but the level ation
he's got going on right here is insane
every water-drops gonna be accounted for
on this Oh donkey look at the ruts
Brian grabbing his to let this guy patch
repair kit but they're right you know
how nice does your litter box look at
home this is the level Asian process
revelation no don't give up call me I'll
go back up here it's like right here
okay right here right here I feel good
about a spot he's gonna flop everything
okay maybe the board's just been all
right years know how usually joke around
when we're doing a project I'm always
like yeah it's been 10 hours it's been
24 hours it's legit been out look at the
Sun right now like we are losing like
this has been there's no way that
there's a more level pool in it we spent
so much time on it I don't know this
instil it'll high doesn't it or is it
just the perspective of the of the
corner I felt bad about not helping and
then I saw you with a plate of food and
I was like I'm good this thing's huge
after this is this is the part that
touches the ground chase knows what he's
doing okay you think we don't two one
yeah but we can always add dirt
yeah for sure it does look to one weight
you want I don't know wait you need to
you need the sticks the sticks it
chemist hey you getting excited a little
man it's only gonna take like four weeks
of rain to fill all right it's coming
together this thing y'all I'm diving in
I'm gonna do the first dive you ready
Kane I'm diving in it's huge
look at this thing dude oh my gosh we
just out here donkey and flash
representing we out here hunting eatin
grazing playing it turned into a
beautiful evening now when they say
pop-up pool pop-up pool man throw it up
and play you know how long it's gonna
take to fill of water I bet this is
filled by this time next year I'll say
this right now as soon as this thing has
a problem it's getting turned into a
giant foam pit that will be the perfect
foam pit all day project all day project
but I think we're ready to add water
right it's huge
we got to remove these rails to things
perfect the Candy Man can
and we're losing light boys we're going
down Mayday Mayday yo the port look at
this that's not a bad progression right
here I don't know did we fill it with
water we fill it with foam like
seriously this could be the greatest
foam in the winter
draining I love that idea I love this is
a foam pool kit right here hey shred
turn the water on we're ready
maybe I'm spending the night in there
you're big I am oh here we go here we go
all days worth the work let's see if she
holds water I just feel like this would
take days to fill like days and we have
a well are we just gonna like drain our
well no you can't you can't run the wall
dry what if I get water delivered what
what does that even mean like gallons he
just pump it into it look look no trucks
coming Friday with water are you serious
so I literally just said we're building
a pool and the girls are killing it look
at all these orders going out in the
morning unbelievable good job lady she's
like we orders you guys food look at
this there's like a little buffet table
Wow Wow Wubbzy country
a good day's work bro oh the good day's
work they ate a hay day I even threw in
an extra blue raspberry for you thank
you all right guys that is our vlog for
today literally setting up a pool which
was accomplished and it is not done
builders now hooked up tubes are hooked
up but it is starting to fill of water
in Friday win32 Friday yeah for water
trucks become because we have a well and
you will use all the water you will use
it you well you dry it we haven't yet
and we've accidentally left the hose on
before so it does have a lot but it's
well water or probably orange or yellow
and that does not sound fun so we're
going to order a bunch of water
hopefully Friday times they didn't start
digging the day I was told that they are
tomorrow like every day they're going
start and they don't but lots of cool
things coming I'm excited for this whole
week our crazy stuff about to happen to
this house and you guys gonna be a part
of thank to that we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile mana
you
