welcome to the vlog guys how the heck
should we put that deleting mistake that
tent down back here do you notice that
we set up this tent right here and we
never staked it down if you don't know
what that means it means we get a ton of
wind in one good gust maybe the building
is protecting it maybe the building but
one good win and that tent will become a
kite it will it will travel distance you
guys ready to rock
well I'm zoomed in on yeah was that your
is that painting you asleep
alright guys warping over to chases
house he took my truck last night after
game night so it's over here we got both
vehicles at his house okay yeah let me
throw you in I'm sorry let me throw you
in Oh what come on Stan I'll stand all
the way up here and throw you like a
high dive how about this you just stand
up and I'll push you yeah come on little
take your little trick you here's what
we really got to do guys all right this
is between me and you all right we need
to take that trampoline take the net off
of it put the trampoline oh you guys are
going to work on that idea holy cow just
taking this thing apart don't worry
everything's gonna be fine we got it
under control
here's the idea we took the trampoline
we move it towards the pole then you
have a little hot little jumping board
break your leg all baby think positive I
wonder where cans at we didn't bring
house key cold
the one we're hoping on far in there
whoo Jake is on the grill we got a fire
get the extinguishers I walked into this
before he is going on I was gonna take
teamwork boys teamwork Eddie yeah Oh
yo we just got the trampoline you got
showers you get a towel we've got the
trampoline set up you guys see it whoa
and you're gonna check it out you're
going to want to do it it's like a
diving board but it bounces you got to
get momentum you're going to eat it
nearly there
wait what good catch Noah
dude you - man you imagine if we would
have jumped on that help me wiggle it in
no I got it
I'm an runways clear clear for takeoff
you landed on your feet goes high as you
can boom so guys it's a little bit of a
family day today Memorial Day weekend
it's we got sunshine oust arted off pure
sunshine beautiful cities pick the place
is packed like millions of motorcycles
on it's almost the only thing on the
road today was motorcycles but they're
having a great time just going to be a
great fun family day barbecuing and
playing in the pool baby Q man I only
think of one thing when I see pretty
girl you are so awesome not a cat that's
the last thing we need although I do
miss having a kitty I love my barn to
keep all the rats out the rats
alright chases got 500 paintballs in
this crazy insane launcher how many can
we get in here I'll bet we good good
yeah at least there's 200 now right good
half I don't know half that bag it's
completely sunny out but it's raining I
don't know if you guys can see it you
got the stuffing the wadding and then
you have like a fun or something oh I
like that
I got a hand this was so so shady man
like of course you got a mint can for
your firebot nuts I don't know dia what
is this
that's a sprinkler valve just like one
way it springs up you say Shady I say
genius filled to the very top that's a
lot of balls
charge time
don't only have who's this then you want
a new paint job
this is the moment where you need
equipment like if I was a really good
vlogger I'd have like a slo-mo cam I'd
be able to like capture because it's
give me a cow done won't even probably
look that well maybe it will I could be
wrong
you're gonna poop right there we're
about to counted the paintballs dude
should have counted how many was in it
there was a little more than half the
bag that went in it so we're easily at
200 easy at 200 so there 85 pounds of
pressure here and we're gone ready hey
whoa whoa okay here she knows he's gonna
shoot one oh no that was a fat plug that
came out of there around two rounds it's
pretty cool just for at least 200 250
paintballs
no can I just shoot it straight up let's
go straight up let's make it rain let's
make it rain here we go guys 250
paintballs straight up you go out it
whoever moves loses gotta stay where
you're at ready keep it hot nope we are
on the move it is absolutely beautiful
and I just got word I just got the call
that they are officially I might even
say viciously they're digging tomorrow
guys are big jar little muddled is about
to evolve into a beautiful fun play zone
and it's supposed all its literally
probably been back two months over two
months it's been pushed back push back
push back
every single week it gets pushed back
because of our weather it rains so much
and if they start digging and it rains
and that water comes in it is a
nightmare so they need like days of no
rain and it looks like that may happen
tomorrow I'm pumped I'm excited and our
weather is finally finally given
sprayers so we'll see we'll see I can't
promise anything but they seemed very
positive about it
I'm excited one kid on it's bound to
kids on my phone my kids are on their
bones bones bones of the jungle watch
out for that bone
one day I'm just going to say something
my kids going laughs I think that looks
fun Empire what's up dude he's like I'm
rubbing my neck on this pole also I'm
doing some ball wash good you go back in
yo look at it look at this
that's like I hit my water oh I don't
know at you bad I can't wait to you have
a baby I'm like oh poor baby zipper
everybody getting fed oh wow you guys
are ready huh what a beautiful weekend
and beautiful day like we just we had a
good time if I filmed as much as I
should have
I kind of sometimes not lately I've been
doing really well with the long vlogs
and just filming as much as possible but
today I was like crap I haven't been
filming what we're doing some forgive me
on that today but it was a really good
day with with the fam lightning bug
lightning bug Firefly check him out
these things are so awesome hmm okay now
don't go don't go don't go don't go but
she's up shoot if you watched
yesterday's vlog was my birthday vlog
and we had my mom and dad got me these
crazy mirrors and depending on where you
stand
let me see if I can get one for you oh
look a little I am
huh look at me vlogging look at me
vlogging my long body
Malou just look at me
would you look at you I'm glad this is a
free sample I think you should turn it
off what is that I don't want that
what is it okay all right I'll try ever
like no what is it
it burns yourself don't see we read the
bottom it oh yeah
this is just it justic flip-flop what
glove Carolee two canes in the bathtub
already we are I'm just gonna go ahead
and end it look I can see you and you
look oh that's for you guys the screen
sure I love you guys we are out probably
a short vlog today I don't know what I
really felt we'll be back at it tomorrow
we are taking on a huge uh actually this
whole week's going to be big projects
probably great for the vlogs and going
to be hectic for us BAM seven guys to
come to help well because if I did it
myself it'll fail I know how to do
things now I just get people to help me
we love you guys so much I can't thank
you enough before yesterday and
yesterday it was just endless amounts of
happy birthdays thank you guys so much
like every time it's someone's birthday
in this family you guys just go crazy
with this thank you so much that makes
our vlogging life's so easy when you
guys are on board with our life and
you're you're so positive and you're
supportive and I don't know even what to
say but thank you we'll see you tomorrow
this streak it's somehow still going man
I hope you guys are enjoying them
because when I don't upload I definitely
hear about it so that's it that's all I
got today we love you you are absolutely
beautiful you are one of a kind smile
more
you
