hey guys welcome to today's vlog it is
Romans birthday officially his birthday
oh what the heck he's doing honey
happy birthday there's people here
there's food there's water do you need
some water
hey do you want a party today or not
okay I planned a party for you I know
and I just know I know you're just
contemplating lies join the scene you
know you're in donkey poop right nope I
already checked where I just you know
what am I gonna do it's a big day if I
say guys and I'm like oh you're thinking
like maybe I just do nothing today maybe
I'm laying the grass turn my phone off
look up at the sky and just make things
out of cloud shapes like what is that
right there you guys tell me a rooster
so beautiful uh dirt so you started to
look stirred the floor without me yeah I
did I would have logged all day for you
but oh I'm cleared they'd rather have
you I don't think so I don't know that's
true and you already did it but welcome
to the vlog guys it is officially today
my birthday and it's a little crazy our
family showing up we got the grill hot
kids are riding and playing and we're
just gonna start rolling the video I was
like maybe on my birthday I'm not gonna
do anything not gonna film I'm gonna be
on my phone not yet what what if we had
the baby today on your birthday have you
though I would share a birthday with my
little girl that would be fun it would
always be about her it would be awesome
you might never be your day again that's
fine I'll be okay alright guys so where
do we start today where do we start let
me see here kids run dirt bikes and toys
and scooty stop my boy came oh I love
you boy you two books have my loyal
steed mr. Empire somebody Dale my
brother brought me a coconut which I
love and I'm going to show you guys how
to open
Oh coconutty are you ready do it I'll do
it dude I want somebody that on their
belly cracked his head he had like blood
to me no he didn't get ready no filming
all right I'll do it right you got some
kind of crazy trick
that's not my trick but you got one I do
you know of a trick I also have to serve
the milk yeah hundred percent okay
cooking rarest cookie was Roman here
token our kitchen hi everybody's got
butter knives right most of them come
like pre seemed like that you'll see I
never do that you didn't know that you
know well I had no idea a conveyor belt
crack it right there
Oh Oh his accuracy is just stunning I'm
right on I think the action how many
times do you have to do it all the
heavier knife bar a couple times
is it really splitting yeah let's step
it up okay you don't have to use the
sharp side oh wow paint it so if you're
on an island you to sticks you just need
a blunt edge you don't really need
sharpness let just need support that's
amazing I'll be here all week guys
subscribe subscribe you want to see the
most beautiful part of the coconut pics
on haha
got the the chef queen the queen of the
steaks out here oh my gosh amputee fall
it was my choice that the kid I think
the cake looks wonderful
but I said half for the kids right hit
like oh yeah I mean it's a win-win you
don't have to be you actually
enjoy I'm excited for this Pringle are
you Robin didn't spring for my dozen
half without them great cake honey good
job we got the big kids big kids on the
Tramp
watch out pull popping out ha ha you got
this guy playing in the mud hole over
here do we got more use of this hole and
this is progressing really fast tell me
how many humans can put on a hot dog do
it do it I dare you not to rope there
boys that's a rope
oh nice knot bro nice not see I wasn't a
part of this at all but I pray like I
think in the last few weeks we've been
doing this to the kids and everybody
just did it by themselves so now I'm
gonna sell your filming it done turn it
turn it in it I need to get a shark in
here
snails got that crazy-looking is on good
look at these kids did uh down down a
little muddy Apes it's good and good or
bad I don't know this is like fail city
right here
food is ready it's gonna be get you know
the Kirara no no or garden to me
everyone
oh so you get the ribeye and I get to
wear this wrong it's prom you have the
birthday cake over here yeah like oh
happy day looks like oh happy day looks
he wasn't we're about to get stormed out
we bout to get stormed out catch me on
the stand son play video games dude and
we just got to game it up I was afraid I
was gonna happen but you know what I'm
so happy
do mom hits a door look at this is
awesome this is so good I figured you
want fire with coral reefs I don't know
if I've ever said this on the voice of
my mom's of that local do to vet you
bring me firework
let's duct tape this right here right
there I like right next to the exhaust
and then you just lean forward
look that's foolproof she got one of
mine look at that Romans crazy Balkan
and right there this shoots 192 you put
that on a dirt bike what are you guys
doing got a duck in man
it could pop off there you're good no
what I do without the small more store
because we got infinite taking in that
tape and the water you think we oh you
did it now boy you broke here give me
that
Oh should we put one on your bike
country oh look like Mario Kart King
Donkey Kong that's dead that have you
not learned anything from me let's go we
got to shoot up we got shooted up okay
you remember this game right here oh my
gosh this is the rig job of life hop
wheelies it's a wheelie boss not yeah oh
really mom I guess as long as
- building it for me Stacy is must be
said that's good that's good
happy birthday to me happy birthday
Roman thanks bun
so I ran inside just ran inside to grab
some gear and I walk out and I see this
whoa ladies and gentlemen it is now time
to blow out my birthday candles yo I so
crazy about fireworks with my face on it
first of all smile more cannons baby you
got a funny way of celebrating
oh yeah crazy oh that was awesome now
it's pretty cool
that's alright like dirtbikes should
just have that feature we need like ten
of them back here like a pile the
parachuters parachuters oh there they go
there they go get him get him boys
the kids have been patiently waiting can
you can blow it out for me thanks for
your patience kids thanks for your
patience hope you enjoyed the show
yo that's starting to look like 34
candles this is when they got digits
Roman this is it starting to sound a
little prehistoric now it's like a fire
hazard 34 years ago Wow no I think she
did it
wait you got that one
thanks guys means over here help me get
but I've gotten so far all right no joke
this it used to be I think it does go on
your shoulder
I'm pretty sure not my shoulder tips are
so big and bulky but maybe country's
this a film you do what is that
Oh multi-purpose tool you can't have
enough of those when you're building
things like I'm building you gotta have
good tools and hear this from Hubert
oh we're coming Jane got me a cup of
coffee makes me poop what is it a nice
Jen Jen Jen Jen survival knife with me
it goes on your shoulder I see if it
fits you so well it's growing out of
your neck
don't you up no I'm hungry give me a
cookie no uh Dale got me the matching
golden nice it matches the deagle oh my
gosh is this one shouldn't kill that's
high everything oh my god maybe throw it
it is a sharp part don't hit on a circle
that first open I actually thought it
was a real hunter fun chase got me a
uh-oh
it's okay I made I don't even know oh
that is Elsa no tangle tangle that's
just a song
happy birthday princess from the Gil Raj
Happy Birthday Princess Reavers my mom
and dad got me a green wart Mir whoa
dude you got like alien legs chicken
legs
well look how long my body is dude look
at him arms dude let me get Conrad oh my
gosh
higher mom you gotta reach for the sky
hey not definitely it definitely works
like that you you're in this like it
you're a fucker move your arms side to
side
what clap hahaha look at me vlogging you
popping new Papa girl I'm popping out
look how tall your head is shining like
it's your belly on the wharf one flap
flap those are his pops mom's put your
arms out like you're flexing like some
enough all right we're warping a little
bit we've got a crazy game night setup
look at this look at this we got our
battle downs gave us our own server
so we've just created a room and people
are filling up right now so we're going
to play tonight Mary Hopkin fun already
a 100 people 100 people of joined
alright guys that is going to do it for
today's vlog thank you so much for being
a part of it and all the birthday wishes
before my birthday you guys were
throwing birthday wishes like crazy
thank you for that we love you so much
thanks for hanging out beautiful you're
one of a kind
smile
you
