you guys like family
do you like destruction boy do I got a
vlog for you today is welcome welcome
look we are at with the gas station and
we got to get some diesel fuel and some
gasoline and then and then and then so
how long do I explain if I had to
explain today why am I so dark give me
some light there we go if I had to
explain today my buddy Dennis is coming
into town with his little boys little
boy apparently loves construction so
I've got a little surprise for them when
they get to my house before we do
anything we need these a fuel come on
baby
there we go now we can go I beat you I
beat you is all right I don't know if
you knew but it was a ray my tanks
bigger
dang you said it for today let's get
this show on the road I'm ready for some
fun gosh
so we're going to cruise down and if you
guys watch the blog where I picked up my
school bus my buddy had another car
sitting beside the bus for me hooked me
up with a car just for this occasion so
it's going to be a lot of fun super
psyches gonna keep going on just one
more row do it it's a little jelly bean
that should be his name so jelly bean
that cars got his own emoji tell me that
this car don't have its own emoji look
at that I mean that's the car that's the
four-door version of the emoji right
there it might be a good idea to fucking
die having no idea the condition this
car looks pretty nice but all right I'm
gonna hop in there make sure I start up
don't leave me
alright don't leave me look at this
guy's look at this thing it's the emoji
beam get the hook-up on this cars no
handle on that is lots of dog hey man
I'll take it because this is a special
day I've no idea how long this thing's
been sitting it came from an auction and
here we go here's the test got a battery
she's on
I think we're good she's running first
thing I want to point out is I'm not
using the gas at all the throttles at 25
miles per hour
knock hit it idles at 25 miles per hour
this thing has got some power there lots
of horses under the hood it's Auto speed
limit
I gotta have to push anything it's just
doing 31 miles per hour with no pedals
and bar look what I got come here
alright good I'm feeling pretty lucky
that I made it to I got two filets and a
burnt rubber maybe some belts or
something or ha so Dennis doesn't always
come into town he doesn't get to come to
my house very often so when he does he
actually his little boys never been here
when I asked him I said what's your
what's your little boy went like what
can we do for your little boy he said he
loves construction and I heard
destruction and it's construction I
can't build anything so the best I can
do is destruction so I got him a car I
got his little boy a beautiful red car
what I got dude check it out here come
on come on
check it out it's all yours man take it
for a spin
do you like it or what I think he likes
it he must oh he smells the other dogs
it's definitely dog hair in there and I
bet it's he's loving it
he is hilarious he is he is one of the
funniest dog like look at him he just
jumped in and just chillin he's like I'm
good almost sit right here in the
driver's seat like thanks for buying me
a car got you driving flash hey where
you going can you pick me up some some
soda some pop oh my gosh what is Empire
doing do you see this oh if he gets in
that car so Dennis and his boy are here
and he just brought me the coolest I'm
sure you guys are aware tomorrow's my
birthday he brought me the coolest thing
I think it's got to live in the GTR he
already said it's for the GTR he got me
a loudspeaker like they have they have
in police cars like step away from the
rear
yeah it makes the siren noise Oh Milly
er with those sounds this is so good for
the GTR hit the loudspeaker in the right
here alright we're getting ready out
here is chasing Veronica here with the
kids Empire's red oh he's a little shady
right now kids are flying around on quad
since tomorrow is my birthday we're
thinking like let's just set it up today
you know set up a little easy up maybe a
tent just have it ready for tomorrow
providing we good weather is a little
weird today
did you find the mud today did you find
the mud impire you are so muddy oh my
gosh he don't like he don't want me to
take the mud off of him see him hit it
edit it if they do hit it it is good to
do
wait wait that matter a little shade for
the babe yeah all right so we got a lot
of this oh my gasps I'm getting it - see
I'm distracted about to sit a lot of
distractions going on but I'm distracted
and I feel this thing we get diesel fuel
don't I jump done I'm over here talking
about distractions and all the pizza
shows up
now I'm really distracted oh I love
pizza just a new method it's the new
method here oh my god
human train that's enough distractions
dude we're time to work we get some work
done today mounting some cameras I was
getting ready huh you know you got stuff
on your side let me grab it
where's that little leaf look right
there
got the car you seen the car it's
good-looking right it's a jelly bean oh
it looks actually about better in
particular well I I photoshopped me I
actually sit on a fictional Lamborghini
so take this car on this bulldozer we're
just going to smash it well red rocks on
it technically that's an option but the
car drives and did you see that big Maha
yeah I think you should try to get
through it it'll go through the waters
like this a score yeah make it through
what do you mean was it going to sink am
I gonna know it's like it's a gravel
honor unless it can't get a little
blazer it relies on me no yeah we go we
got plenty of motherly figures around
here it's still not gonna drown I gots
normal I'll give you a snorkel on a mask
it's a quick shit you know it's like
this b-plus in its travel I think I got
Dennis convinced that we can get the car
through the model this will be the first
item that we try to get to the hole that
will not make it I promise you that car
is not going to go to that well first of
all the water is way deeper it's like
two feet deep maybe more I've already
got some rope it's good
hilari done sitter are coming up with
ideas dude I honestly think that the
pets want the car so I mean I'm not sure
that we're going to flash is it okay if
we drive your car buddy I just gotta get
a picture you buddy chillin on the
cloudy night skin you got the rough life
let's pick it up let's pick it up pick
it up okay okay all right we're all it's
so fun we've all turned into dads now
we're just doing I'm in it we've been
dads for a long time but like all my
friends now have kids and I was the
early one to have kids yeah did you tell
everyone is pretty much your birthday I
came as you guys are watching this is my
it's so weird it is my birthday if you
watch this tablet but not yet not yet
Slyke you carried away this is an early
birthday Perth
this is more for me I get thrills out of
this this is excited I just want to pick
it up I know dude can you imagine think
about this for a second you you watching
within that machine and you just get to
drive right up to it and pick up a car
it's so fun I'm ready
drug your turn of course we're gonna
move these Forks so that we can try to
pick this car up dude that's why Brian's
here because I would have just done it
way it was in the car problem
Oh
she's up she's all newly this the thing
is up there I think that we should try
to preserve the car
let's get Dennis to that model
piece of cake did like nothing this
thing is such an animal dude like in my
head that thing should have just flipped
like this alright dude so listen
remember it's shallow it's gravel is
you're going to go right through Oh get
it rody
get it safety first I've installed the
fast and furious motor into it so you're
good really just in case just in case
you get stuck in that one inch of water
we got a little rope you can throw to me
that's a pretty short rope through that
is not long you know those pieces are
there it's not deep I'm not going to be
they probably go up to your ankle by the
smoke alone no do you have nicer shoes
you can wear I know it's only shoes I
brought out man yeah I would go barefoot
honestly just in gays I can't drown and
you're not you won't get a cane I can
stand get it boy ha this is foolproof
dude you come with the full medic kit
right here all you needs a rope I got
the dog come on I don't know flash you
riding what do you wish me luck
high five high five high five
welcome let's go constantly cracking up
over it's almost go time guys funny
Dennis believes that this is very
shallow and it is kind of shale but it's
deep for the star so here we go I would
yeah get as much runway as you can not a
lot not a lot of runway here keeping a
law suit across the lake I mean this
skit you could pick it up skip it
alright I'll tear this kitten / yo hello
long gasp so I think what we'll take
water you don't need much well you're
going you don't need roads hey
Oh aerodynamics it is look at that
feature here we go guys did it
I think he's convinced we can get
through this thing here we go Jane do
you think he's gonna make it
no all right I just think he's gone -
here we go he's got oh look at the
traction look at the traction keep on
keep going oh my god go go oh no way no
yeah he's gone a bit what a piece it's a
jelly bean stop it
no he's still moving he's still engine
unbelievable
unbelievable yo this is legit
he's almost bottomed out in the front
dude I can't believe it yeah might be
easier to just back up but get flashed
just chilling he's like you guys are
ridiculous he almost made it King got it
back up oh no yo what a beat oh no he's
singing a nasty old
he's going where is he going he's come
on back oh okay
is there water inside I'll shut the rear
wipers on everyone for the rear wipers
you don't have a chance
dude he might get it out there you go oh
it's that same spot oh stop it
this kid is killing me right now try to
back out look how deep it is over the
wheels no the brakes are on you're
floating I'll get the water spewing out
of the headlight it's coming out of the
motor she's nothing is that else you got
bored I don't know I'm feeling pretty
confident that this thing's a beast it's
still long the exhaust has been
underwater for a while anyroad II get it
get up kick it out girl that was
ridiculous
give me the rope give me the rope oh
stop the car pulling gang pull him
getting money
whoa let go like you know I just died
wait it's still on it's still on dude
he's unbelievable you're floating right
now dude yo maybe we should get in and
push him you guys can help push he's so
close so determined he's right there
people can't he do it I don't think
he's rocking it back and forth well
let's start uh yeah I got a good name
for it
lilypad one thing about Dennis you guys
should know is he can't give up on
anything so for no matter what even if
the car won't go he won't give up like
he wants to get it so bad I can see the
determination on his face he's so close
look go oh that almost counts dude dude
it's smoking everywhere every angle it
don't even look this its flubber in
there cheese on cheese on look at the
water level it's in the car
tell me how you're feeling right now so
cool tell me what you thinking so close
sure you're so dead yo she's hurting she
did a great job this is the lily pad now
that's her name blush oh that's it
battery sugar yes no free no extra life
yo if you're really mad I'll let you
caterpillar it to death Oh my treat
you're telling a little river running
down here yes yes you want to do that
the game continues level two if you're
mad at the car you can take it out all
right over top of it all right everybody
out of my way all right everybody clear
hold on
oh my god
we're going to give you a left we know
your car's dead so just hang tight all
right
I don't have them here think it'll make
it I think you'll be fine you can hit
that just hold on buddy
and why am i secure bro
Oh
yeah yo that was the bed scariest whoa
oh wow hold him in morning I thought we
hit a bump I would watch the South
coming off wow look at all the water
draining out that is like it's trying
all it can to just clean that window
like it's like when we see a dead animal
just twitching okay the show live ninja
nerve system everybody all right this
next parts just for you guys man it's
yours little guys going to tear it up
it says dennis is getting revenge on
lily pad I don't know lily pad treated
I'm pretty well my opinion but said you
like destruction I mean construction
destroy yeah he's like to stop hooking
up cameras and let me drive he's so
excited we got him are you ready to do
this buddy yeah heck yeah all right
they're just getting used to it dennis
has never driven one of these and his
voice so excited so it's all theirs they
can do whatever they want he gonna do
what's he gonna do to the lily pad Oh
you pierced it oh the window you broke
it oh wow he's going for this he's going
for the John Cena he's going for the
plow drivers he's got a drain out dude
oh oh
we go boom what you think you love it
haha oh my gosh did you smash it Oh
oh my god oh my gosh that looks
ridiculous it has definitely seen a
better time Wow Brian here actually
delivered all these giant boulders what
good timing these things are massive in
weighs so much what if we pick them up
with the force
fuck it and drop it on top of the car I
think it's brilliant I can't explain how
heavy that rock is oh yeah yes the
boulder drop it's the motor job Wow oh
come on we gotta blow this back window
out that's where we're at right now oh
look at lily pad dude
Vargas lily pads are flat I love this
door look at the door how's that
possible
you did it dude you destroyed it
No
we've in the white flag is that the
original sticker for the car that is
awesome this is the actual sticker from
the car and I got to see the horsepower
on this thing so the brand new that 103
103 Horse Park after beautify gosh look
at him miles oh well there you have it
guys lily pad is a little flatter than
she was when we started that was such a
cool thing to do for my voice oh man I'm
glad you guys have fun yeah this is this
is why you don't text and drive I was
texting the whole time I was operating
that Bobcat check it out dude
now you feel fast you're going man mount
it up ran in and ended just kidding
there she goes there she goes again
she's out of here
you always know when you've had a great
day and you're successful as a parent
when the kids are too tired to move on
you guys have fun today
Kim good day Carson they're pretty cool
too that car I didn't get you a car to
flip you know you don't want to do it
okay I'm going to remember those words
well guys thanks for hanging out today
we're going to call it we're going to
call it and I had an absolute blast
chase added some extra cameras today so
that should make it little corner Dennis
and his boy we had a great day man hope
you enjoyed it I'm going to get ready to
have the whole family over again
tomorrow for my birthday and we're just
gonna we're just going to probably
reduce a day - the car we start the bus
you want the car I'm not kidding my
neighbor I just talk whenever he said
he's got a jeep he's willing to give me
so maybe we got a jeep for my birthday I
don't know we love you guys so much
things to support the love on everything
we'll see the mom beautiful
one-of-a-kind
you
