super-serious hang on I need you I need
you don't go this is serious this is for
you guys so I started thinking my brain
is wracked right now I need your help
Rick what how can we have a chicken
those chickens that run around without
an egg right think about it you have to
have an egg to have a chicken right but
how is there ever the first egg without
a chicken
what came first the chicken or the egg
came and came think the chicken but how
good it is chicken without an egg how
could there be an egg without a chicken
it is a mystery my friends it's freaking
me out
I wear this today feed me and tell me
I'm pretty
I always tell you you're pretty honey
and you've definitely been eaten welcome
welcome welcome to the vlog guys we're
getting our day started the whole
chicken egg things really irritate me
dude it's like is there an explanation
for that summer my just going crazy
alright alright alright so hope you guys
are having a great day we are bringing I
got a run out real quick gonna say
goodbye to these little monsters I love
you bud you're the man I'll see you soon
man hi Liza I think she's good she's
good bye bye flash but Auggie I'll miss
you buddy okay so we are every year I
think that we've been vlogging we do on
Easter and it's at our house and the
family comes over we do Easter egg hunts
and Brittany Nauta basically have to go
out and get some days to prepare for
Sunday which is Easter and I'm excited
like kids what guy was he mad was he mad
time to cut them off anyway Here I am
talking about Easter and we're about to
get into some road rage where everything
is good we're just running out to get
some stuff bring you guys a la hope
you're having a great day it's the
weekend now it's Friday for us probably
the weekend for you so get out and enjoy
your week and use your time
because before not it'll be Monday we
got some sunshine today though baby's
gonna come out in that sunshine for me a
sunny day it's gonna be sunny day when
our baby's born
looks like we got a lot of good feedback
too yesterday we talked about what we
were going to film and what we weren't
going to film when it's time to have
this baby we're only almost 10 weeks
away guys it's coming up really fast so
thanks for all the great responses and
we're excited to like we're excited this
is what I'm ready for guys summer
sunshine heat water look at this cold
flow to you dude it's awesome
is it just me or is like Easter like are
they turning Easter and even we're
guilty of it we're preparing Easter like
into Christmas or you like fine gifts
instead of like a cute little basket
with like candies in it that's what my
sister was I don't like giving them
candy because they make you go crazy
that's all they want for breakfast I
will eat your book and something else an
Easter book like what Easter is really
about IRA celebrates only needs to match
so you're worse than the kids they can't
you don't want them to have it but you
want to buy the whole friggin right we
can get baby's first pink handyman
toolsets she'd be like daddy fix
everything properly he's not going to
need fallout with the dad like we all
know you're lying okay seriously though
I do need it I do need some tools for
myself baby I need some honey some
vessels
I need a new tape measure can you stole
mine I can't find it okay just in case
you get me a basket this year for you to
just get a belt filler for all the stuff
super glue for the stupid white things
sit on top of our porch but I feel like
it's not just super glue if you're
looking up like a plastic super glue you
just described super glue perfectly yes
which one would earn it's not wood baby
I feel like the world is designing
things for guys like me that don't know
what they're doing everything stickable
now oh you need something hung just
stick it to the wall no screws no tools
necessary that attracts me that is like
me right there but then the things fall
off the wall because you hang stuff too
heavy turn your wallpaper your paint
everything that
maybe I'm not even capable of
understanding how these work okay so
usually the grand-prize Easter hunt is a
golden egg look at these golden eggs
period three bucks apiece
who would do that
you got to mount the bunny the golden
bunny here on our wall just a second
question what is going in they're going
to say this is like a ostrich
I'm glad my five bucks the eggs for up
to ten dollars an egg baby take a small
loan out all right well there's all your
floor mats
dude we should put this in anyway I got
your new floor mat I got your new floor
mat check this out
I'm such a sucker dude I'm such a sucker
like I think I like I gotta have it it's
just so colorful I love it pineapples
are in right now pineapples the new
black you know I gotta say this I've had
like I'm so lucky to have a best friend
that I'm also like sleeping beside
beside my fellas yeah I mean there's a
gap now she's got like all these pillows
and it is like but no like I get to come
out I get to spend on everyday work
beside like it's awesome I'm really
lucky I really feel lucky that you have
me how we do is that's funny we laugh
and we so you want to know say let me
think about it
because sometimes I need to get this
weekend started with you guys and I hope
you're ready it is like I said use it
wisely we gotta have some fun maybe work
on something you've been procrastinating
on let's get it done let's do it thumbs
out we're not progressing
maybe don't talk about my office it's
not the time or the place we're talking
about holiday coming up talking about
positivity office I am certain you guys
that oh dude
donkey just went up so first time oh my
gosh she's gonna go in the house dude
dude donkey what are you doing dude
come on come on oh I knew this day would
come
I knew this day would come the single
you got up here now you got to get down
push let him let him through push you
talked him into doing that is that your
idea here he goes
whoa he just leapt off the whole thing I
think there's something about empire we
don't know dude I think he's like a
flying talkin down he I've talked about
this happening I was like one day it's
not going to be long before he realizes
he can get up on this porch me and the
kids were just jumping and boom he jumps
straight up onto the porch into the
house like that anyways we're gonna oh
yeah that's gonna work
sweet mommy's getting that pregnancy nap
right now our halfway point and we're
going to hook up and actually try to
watch this message disgusting probably
hook this guy up definitely gonna host
that guy because this isn't going to do
it that full what's going on with it oh
man I'm so excited for summer
goodbye mud maybe now mud never leaves
here so we have some family coming over
tonight
mom dad hopefully Dale and his kids and
right now is just kind of like trying to
clean this place up a little bit for
ease like it's it's gotten out of hand
around here man it's muddy it's it's
dirty there's a donkey running in my
house it's like something controlled my
house dude I feel like I need to step up
to the plate a little bit if I hadn't
started this thing since last year and
the way our driveway works when I power
wash it creates like this little stream
and Caine likes to ride his bikes
through it so I'm going to fire this up
get some crap done that's it
donkey only get no crazy idea
is here we go mister make sure you
winterize it never do that stuff and I
like costume
alright cost you in the long run I
cannot make this up this not ever
happens mean it was the first pull I
swear it was the first hole on this
thing
that is incredible Wow
alright guys warping over - I always got
some alright guys or so those my big
ones so the next place we're going is
I'm going to pick up Noah didn't know
and then the family's coming to the
house and I don't know they start a
bonfire whatever I don't know I think
we're just going to hang out we kind of
really all got to get we've all been
busy in our own ways or Colossus
our trip since our big trip to Hawaii
we've all been like that trip put us all
back behind on everything's we've all
been like trying everything we can to
get together tonight it looks like it's
going to happen and get some real time
together so don't know what we're going
to do or what to expect but that's the
plan and I'm excited and always go get
my little man kid keeps getting
different spots
every time I pick him up looks like he's
sleeping I want to wake him up hey dude
hey what's up oh hi you sleeping yeah
come on go home thank you your food out
here what you hunting all there's geese
there's a geese eggies let's see where
do you keep finding new spots or what
yeah leave your heart on down out that
um without that find my friends think I
never do this donkey wants to live with
us dude oh my gosh do you even realize
you're coming up I feel like he's just
following flash he doesn't realize what
he's doing my buddy you welcome in if
you want to come in just just come say
hi I'll put a big donkey rug right here
that you can step in I don't think you
can see can you see glass what would you
do if you just plowed through that
window I don't think you can see the
window oh no you can't you can't see the
way though my buddy come on
he knows dude he's like
if he walks in here and just takes a big
old poop he's gonna roll on the carpet
what would you do like what's he doing
right now he's like so this is where you
guys go every day like I've been
wondering I want you going that door
what easy what's inside oh my gosh dude
why would he rule he's just nervous on
the surface he looks calm and ready to
drop bombs but he keeps on forgetting
what he wrote down okay oh boy
well I don't know what to do I care but
I don't I don't know if it hurts any
specific jumps again this is incredible
this is like the leap of leap of faith
right here he won't go can splash in
here
flash come on buddy oh here we go you
want the full of Flash
watch this jump dude free up he peeled
out we're gonna call him skidmark got
that posi track rear end
dude don't jump that donkey don't make
that jump don't that's a huge one feel
like we built like a half actually we
just put a big ape baby gate here I
don't really think you can approach it
when you do have it plasma cut fancy of
a donkey and with his name like a metal
gate empire empire metal gate no he can
get down time flash I know I see you too
he's like he's like you given all the
attention to donkey right now I want the
loving I need the lovin I think donkey
can jump that far that's air donkey
right there if he made that jump we make
movies about him if he does that jump I
get this donkey down we got a flush man
it good on their feet I would eat it
donk new planet Earth they have them
Mountain donkeys or ya go yeah something
like 50 feet off the rock and landing no
birds in from Tigers no no that's legit
all right guys so we got the family all
right guys so we got the family showing
up mom's carrying all kinds of stuff I'm
gonna start a fire with my father maker
a little fresh-squeezed orange juice
here
oh geez not too fast now nice and steady
ladies and gentlemen cane out with
hitting the double whoa into matter dude
they are going to go up it's either a
parachute a UFO landing pad
well you got going on here pops it's a
house made of fabric
yeah you can move a hand literally and
uh you know we threw it in with a couple
sleeping bags its five-minute exit and
you got a house made of fabric I love it
it's called a bill tent built-in yeah I
never got one so you build your tent I'm
gonna take care of the fire for you okay
cool we need a fireman wow this is like
feasts of mania do before we like this
fun we're going to keep some stuff um
let me go first this is our tater tots
covered in cheese and bacon dude i boys
line it up wow it's bright oh you see it
yeah I can't even see you
it's the Terminator donor wait some what
happened into the world or we go
 whoa like a little tornado the real
question is did we start the fire I
don't know just look at the popcorn look
at the smoke
look that's leftover popcorn glowing
right no you know I go right there
probably a hundred videos don't know how
many videos ago was that way I don't
think the fire is going what you never
were that great a Boy Scout okay now we
all know okay here's something crazy
these trees right there those are from
the Christmas video where I put them in
my living room they're still here so
we're going to roast them bring the heat
oh oh Christmas tree oh Christmas tree
look at that
Alma's office Nami dad saw me dad it's
actually beautiful yeah look at that
thing
like it looks lit up on the camera like
it's supposed to be like that it's an
ugly tree anyway yeah I did it so dad
you sure built your tent pretty close to
the fire no you built my fire good fire
close to my den please so close to
section filling with hot air like a
balloon oh how you guys feel about the
fire but flash sure is enjoying it
oh he flipped it was upside down just
like live in the game how's the ice Dale
oh god is it look just a cup of ice whoa
I don't lean into the hole I'm on oh oh
oops my shadow is so promptly this are
you to give me what give me what you got
boy nice Oh little midnight flip in two
minutes till midnight and the moon is
about to come up and it's gonna be crazy
no not like you Billy
okay here's what feel right here see
there her head her but she got bored on
you head it might be her head and she
likes putting her head there well guys
that is our vlog today thank you so much
for hanging out with us today I believe
is 20 vlogs in a row I don't know if
this makes me a daily vlogger I don't
know exactly the number it takes to
become a daily vlogger but I'm getting
close guys and I'm working on it I'm
really really trying to just pick this
camera up everyday and fill my life
thank you for being a part of a huge
part of it
and we will see tomorrow beautiful
one-of-a-kind smile
you
