good morning from the atwood house Oh
sweetie oh come on do the whole aw guys
I think I'm going to have some
explaining to do to you guys and I
wasn't actually expecting to start the
vlog right now but with all this stuff
coming in I figured I'm gonna have to
show you so let's just start and let's
just do it just about complete mayhem
starting over here this is genius guys
this is genius yo why do I got to
production trailers pulling in that's it
I thought you can give me you guys are
definitely going to want to know why we
have two full-sized production trailers
pulling into our house hey it's legit
yeah they do they look scary they don't
look like hey we're happy to do some
production something very large is in
the works guys something that I've been
we've obviously been working on for a
long time to have two big trailers
pulling up living at the house big stop
all for you all for this channel it's
just going to take it to a new level and
finally like I get to do something
bigger here's the adventure part they
got to bring two full-sized semis into
my property and it's really muddy so
this is a part where it could be like I
just feel like I should be vlogging just
in case like it's just bringing some
eyes on a property with mud it's just
sounds like something I would try to do
and fail I'm sure they're a lot better
than I am they come here's number one
all this plywood such geniuses I would
have never thought I would just funk the
truck in the mud Wow the boards are
breaking right in the world dude the
wheels are moving but the beds not oh
look at this awesome listen to the wood
listen to the wood
Oh something about that sound it's
something about that sound that's
actually like you got a country you you
got it
you could've just put it on my back put
it on your shoulders he's going to
carrying it in want to walk in it
there's been so much of the driver
here's where the test is right here the
true test hope you guys are having such
a good day so much craziness really
about to happen for the channel for you
guys for us as a family there's just so
much going on and I just can't wait to
really get into it right now it's a lot
of teasing it's a lot of wit it's the
hurry-up-and-wait
that I always say it's all about hurry
up and waits like everything's in a
hurry and then you just wait and it's so
true in this business probably in a lot
of other fields too but there's just a
lot going at my yard right now they came
in and brush hogged all this this is
untouched this is like actual field this
is like hundreds of feet of tarp like
that's huge I can't even explain how big
that is over there it just won't stop
raining it's just it's horrible this is
very impressive right here
there's not even a driver look at that
driverless this is the future good news
they just delivered your new guest house
up front you see it yeah it only got one
window I only have one window one window
but it's got bars on it so yeah okay how
about doors so you can't actually get
out so doors mom you go in and that's it
oh my you guys see these trucks out here
it is they're like crazy crazy trucks
backflip backflip backflip backflip
while you take a bite all right here we
go it's the safe very safe backflip bite
you got it you got to eat it well while
you're in here Oh too easy these guys
have no idea what's about to happen here
dude it's about to get crazy and crazier
than flexp watch yesterday's vlog slash
decided to build us a little garden here
and we had to get rid of them flash is
actually gone we sawed we gave him away
actually to a wonderful family I'm
kidding we're not giving a dog away we
love slash where isn't here they are
being crazies look at much
watch look oh I got your leg oh I got
your leg what are you guys doing what
are you guys doing I need answers
nothing they give me nothing they ask
tell them that they actually thought
they won't talk on camera they're so shy
did you talk off okay all right guys no
and I are about to start a new segment
on this channel if you guys like it I've
thought about it a couple times and I
was like let's just try see if you guys
like it the segment it's called will it
survive can it survive what do you think
it should be called will it survive I
kind of like that here's the idea in it
I think it could be just about anything
but we're going to pick a couple objects
we're going to take them out onto the
range and we're going to see if it
survives what are you thinking you
thinking old toys taking an old toy I
have yeah oh my gosh a frigate spinner
this is actually a great one because
these are the prototypes these are our
spinners before they're not even
numbered like there's no number on the
spinner it's just like a sample before
we release them under the smile more
store so yeah these would be great we'll
start with some light objects that
obviously aren't probably going to
survive but we don't know we have no
idea here we go you know what I want to
try like a fake giant phone books like a
big book when every good let's try to
find one we're just bringing stuff to
bring out I want to show you what a few
good storms and just untouched does look
at our RC track already completely grown
in huh I know both hills are grass I'm
actually kind of sad about it but maybe
if we just like cut it the trucks will
still run over grass I'm not worried
about it I'm bored
headphones your blogs whatever is cold
all right so on this little piece we
call it willit survivor can't survive
man we got that name because we're going
to put random objects onto the range
here basically where we shoot a little
bit of guns and we're going to see if
the object can and will survive it's
almost a two-part process because we're
not going to use any type of scope
there's not it's just going to be iron
sights and one magazine so yeah what do
you think these are going to survive no
way not at all what if we miss then they
survived I think we need a little tape
we can just take these up boom rush you
excited about this you don't look
excited we're trying to shape this up we
got the spinner mounted on this we've
got the Rubik's Cube we've got a very
old non-working vlog camera which
hopefully will so it's not in US around
and then we have a very thick book like
look how thick this thing is boom trying
to shape up this idea and we're thinking
maybe it's for objects for objects with
one magazine so it will survive if you
miss like an object will survive if you
miss them so what do you think I think
that even has a chance here's the book
if a bullet hits this gone gone gone we
still be able to read it afterwards
that's the whole the whole goal is this
ain't gonna be a whole I feel like I'll
feel like I don't know it might go
through the whole thing you ready are
you ready for this blue or dark blue
well your hand in there actually I think
these are the smaller ones hey guys
we're gonna start okay guys we're gonna
start try to talk okay guys we're gonna
start small we're going to start with a
22 which is a very small round it looks
like this right there little guy little
baby guy it would be hard to hit that
thing honestly
alright Noah's going first we're gonna
have this camera on don't shoot my
camera dude don't shoot my Candace is a
good cam no promises plus that's going
for either the camera of the Rubik's
Cube who will survive one magazine let's
see who will survive right this is
Noah's first time shooting this 22 so I
think you're good and you're live yep
whoo super close you're just a hair hi
hair North woo I don't know where that
one went super close yeah you're like
skimming the top of it get it don't let
it live no you got it on your last shot
oh wow all right let's see what the 22
did to the yo it's
a badge we all know blew all the plugs
off you can work hit my side that I sold
yeah all right I think that's considered
survival right there
it took a bullet yeah that took a bullet
where the bullet even hit oh it's just
all right there right there skim the
side Wow and it took out that much do we
keep going or is that considered it's
out now it survived so he's out it
survived okay if it doesn't wait for the
collector now let's keep it going what
are you going for the book okay alright
sit spin it that's a little target tiny
target actually a little love little
love so close dude I see the hole right
behind it just the hair up north high
left high left alright I didn't catch
them all on camera but the spinner did
not get hit yeah look at the holes those
22s
look at that that's actually blowing my
mind was the hole so big should we step
it up should we step it up are you
getting together did you step it up to
like a 9 mil yeah alright we're going to
focus on the book right now I'm going to
see what happens to the book we're going
to step it up to a 9 mil I'm so excited
to get this out this is the zenith
basically an mp5 which I'm just so so
excited to get this thing out you have
no idea I've been really wanting to
shoot it and I got to thank Xena for
sending it to me it was a gift from shot
sure they sent me two of them and I'm
just like blown away and I can't wait to
get stuff so let's test it out on a book
of all things I'm gonna step back a bit
I'm going to use just iron sight no
scope and see what we can do to this
book basically will it survive that's
what you still be able to read this book
I think so very yeah we're going to do
one one mag which is 30 rounds
that's it it's like putting a book
through a shredder feels like it was
like confetti yeah let's go check it out
yo pretty legible pretty legible
Wow - side oh well you see light or a
through so let's see no plenty of stuff
he could still use the magazine part of
it we should take it back in the small
more store and be like here you go yeah
give it back to Britt
look at the hole I was digging behind
the it was going straight through the
book into the mud leave it up to you
guys did it survive is this a surviving
book I feel like would you still readers
are just going to make a mess in your
house can it survive no survived all
right we'll see what they think digital
I can't which one I feel like this sense
of fidget is smaller I thought you
should do it and then you go for the
camera yeah do it
okay good luck little guy first of all
this thing shot like a dream like I'm
not kidding
flawlessly just accurate I was hitting I
think I hit the book like nothing every
single shot no jams nothing no flaws
just shot and that's with a brand new
gun that's kind of rare honestly for me
so let's try again see if we can hit
this spinner oh you did it it's gone
dude yo just hit the arm see if it still
spins see if it survived take the tape
off I think that's a survive if it still
spins
it survived like none of the writing
came off oh my gosh your Rubik's Cube
and the spinner are you go the two
things that we thought were going to
blow up yeah this has ended up being a
pretty good experiment so if it survives
I think it goes into our like her
collection lease he did yeah you did you
can see like shrapnel actually hit this
there's plenty of of just damage and
destruction but I must have just clipped
this arm I don't know I mean it was it
was taped flat see other pieces oh
there's one of the there's a piece
that's literally the biggest part the
camera will it survive this one's on you
you hit the nine I think you should I
think you'll really like it
ok I like this game now I didn't say
first I was like well it's designed to
just fail like everything's gonna break
like you're getting shot by bullet but
do we've got things like actually taking
rounds unbelievable speed 22 and the 9
mil alright
it was shot Safety's on same scenario
now I've been shinning it ok so you can
see down the site that's it you're hot
same as the handgun put your sights in
and give it a go ok hair left your left
that's it you in it
it was a direct I don't know where I hit
but where whoa what it looks me it's the
Terminator yo look at the back that is
pretty cool you just barely grazed the
right feel like you see I feel like that
still turn on if it did work there's
only one way to nut this piece is
falling out of it we got to go get we
got to go get a battery put it in now I
don't know if this camera turned on
anyways the problem but but most of them
all turn on they just didn't work so
we'll try it we'll put a battery in it
that'll how we know if it survived or
not hey guys so be honest tell me if you
liked this little challenge game
I actually enjoyed it a lot because it
went completely opposite of what I
thought it would do I got that we're
going to come out and just blow it up of
course it didn't survive but they did
survive even with us hitting them they
took a bullet so let's go in and see if
that still works
tell us in the comments if you like the
game and what should be our next four
objects or next object yeah you guys
choose our next project I'm gonna need
your phone oh gosh should we count this
as a survivor this is in the line of
fire the whole time the other vlog cam
that actually filmed that hey you guys
can have your book back you can still
order out of it I think I think I can I
think it counts as a survive let's give
a shot this is this is whether or not a
survivor now hopefully the camera work
like it least came on before I don't
know about of being badda-boom it's a
tall button oh she's on doing my gosh
Wow let's see if you can actually see a
visual see that's what was broke on it
just wouldn't come out that's why it
broke but the camera still turns on I
think that counts as a survivor I think
so because that's how it was the cameras
broke yeah but it does still come on
after being hit by a bullet that needs
to survive will it survive yes it will
I'll tell you the history of this camera
it's actually maybe in a blog somewhere
it was brand new the day I got it out of
the box I got out of the truck at the
dentist fell off my lap landed on the
ground never worked again
oh boy brand new camera so that's the
story behind this this it rubik's cube
survived spinner
still spins I can't do it there we go
it's a little wobbly blah blah blah blah
come along yes when did this whoa
fine now because it's walldog in here
I'm going to UM guys I'm going to post
on Venus at least their Instagram in my
description because guess second coast
Rumson well they sent me those they did
not pay me then it asked for anything so
they sent me the guns for me to just use
so I'm going to give them a little love
if you guys want to go over and give
them some love check out their stuff on
their Instagram in the description and
again tell us if you like this little
game I'd love to do it more with
different better bigger more awesome
objects yeah taco Thursday with the
triceratop older that is hilarious
yeah so this thing holds tacos to to
talks pickle that looks like a
commercial for that thing you just
grabbed it and picked it up so funny
cane so it's dinnertime my son done
I am zoomed in dinnertime Taco Time Dino
time will it survive we think you like
to talk older this makes it fun huh oh
that new carpet our room got done today
and it is just so nice how did that
happen how did that happen it got stuck
in the dryer uh it was like in the door
in the washer oh just fun it wasn't me
fucking yes well obviously we got our
carpet guys it is just so nice it's
crazy what new carpets light but you
have carpet and we've had it for years
but you don't realize how gross it gets
until new carpet comes in and you're
like how did we go to well especially
the things we do and our animals and
it's like it was well overdue it's we're
happy about it so that is our vlog guys
thanks for hanging out today uh that be
on is that the de Leon that we haven't
entire day go to sleep
good sleep wake up wake up yeah in this
walk we love you guys so much thanks for
hanging out I had a great day honestly
I'm kind of jumped around a little bit
jumping into the night a little bit
after dinner and a lot is going on with
you we will see it tomorrow the street
continues I think this is day 20 guys
which is pretty darn good right now for
us what was that well a 20 oh I know did
you hear the fireworks going off
celebration for words so with everything
we have going on 20 in a row right now
is just I'm proud of it I really am so
I'm excited let's just keep it going we
love you you're beautiful you're one of
a kind smile mwah
