here we go let's start the vlog if you
missed yesterday's vlog we got welcome
welcome to the vlog guys we got check
this out this is my son Noah we got new
carpet it is done look at this now if
you want if you didn't if you didn't if
you didn't you say it's not watch
yesterday's video you don't know what's
going on oh boom exactly what Noah said
if you didn't watch us to this video
then you didn't see that we got new
carpet now just in case that you thought
we didn't need new carpet in case
anybody's like well your carpet wasn't
that bad you could have watched trust me
we tried and here is the original carpet
next to the new carpet you can't really
tell about it was - you see the
difference I'm actually kind of
embarrassed to show this here we go
before no F this is after this is before
this is the same exact carpet that was
in here oh my gosh
night and day night and day cover it
cover it the girls are all the girls are
in our room they have to take everything
out because tomorrow the carpet comes
for that room and Kane's room got done
as well so we're just trying to one one
by one one by one what are you the
pillow queen in here waiting on you this
whole like new rule no shoes is a pain
in the butt every time I walk in you I
take the shoes off walk in and put the
shoes on got to go to slip on do it slip
on slip ons only see oh that's smart
just pop the boots on and off so so no
one I can't talk today nice knowing I
wanted to start off there's a little fun
something I never get tired of doing not
the trampoline come on where you
Wildcats doing huh
who are you just secretly partying out
here until we come out you even got the
helium tanks out here you guys are party
and I know so we're definitely fighting
some weather coming so we got to do this
quick we got to do this oh that feels
good oh oh all right we got a beat the
weather the weather is not going to beat
us so here's the here's the premise you
think that's enough lip that's a pretty
big hole dude it doesn't look big from
here check this out that's a huge
jump here's our ramp I mean that's
that's that's like six or seven thousand
miles rain rain go away come back never
anybody has got full use out of a mud
puddle it's off we've done a lot with
that okay seriously starting to rain now
to the point where we just have to try
to make this jump real quick that's it
that's the body this is the protector
right here I still think it should have
the regular street tires on it I don't
know if it's the right tires for this
good thing is with those tires this is
if it doesn't make the jump and you in
in the water you can try to I should try
to bust out of it does it rain or shine
they're out here with us I'm afraid
you're not gonna make that jump buddy
you're just not going to make that jump
I know what you're thinking I need you
to step away it's just a step back
that's just turning into Zeus guys look
at him but oh my god Jamie Ethan careful
this might be bad because he might chase
it hey don't destroy my boat so I
stopped by alright guys no time to waste
here we go
that's your shot right there okay okay
let's see if we make it here we go yeah
glass come on buddy I was running from
him you see yeah your flash about the
habit we blew a chef good news is it
didn't actually break well yeah it wrong
it landed right on the back a man down
manda ah the jump was so good but I
braked in midair totally my fault you'll
see the truck going I was coming up the
nose was high so I hit the brake and
then it just did a full barrel ride time
I didn't have time to throttle it so I
just broke my Beast
I got the parts so I can fix this what
you're having now it's broke right that
was your goal country take it to the RC
graveyard I got to be fixed
it needs repairs there the amount of
stuff I put these are sees through and
that's the first we are blown off
production what is get off of it be
honest no nobody really wants to see me
land it right right like when you watch
videos you like to fail I like there's
something about humans they like seeing
other humans fail for some reason so
when I wrecked that truck I'm the only
ones disappointed properly I felt so bad
if you know what the worst part is is my
error completely my error I hit the
brakes and blew the tire off you missed
it dude I blew my truck up you knew but
you said it would jump it though you
were right it did well the rain is one
again now I chased us away doing it yes
get our little plant water there's all
mega shoes back there I would work Lois
you're brand new already dirty honey it
looks easy Waterman yeah look they're
just like dead it was we go that's good
Linda doesn't blow over it look really
good inside what they definitely aren't
as always whoa it's a jungle oh my god
whatever little pony you really set this
up gray set it up dude okay we are
hooking up now I don't know much about
this stuff I'm actually really bad with
this stuff whether or not but we have
been playing some games we want to like
try to make some gaming videos coming up
this summer and we got a new mic we're
gonna hook it up starting stop job
hahaha you got the pop screen for
recording you got this crazy thing that
mounts to the desk
here we go why don't you open that up
and we'll start just plugging stuff in
that's what we do we just plug it plug
it in hope it works it goes and
everything's working for something about
new carpet that like just the smell
everything just feels so good feel like
a dirty dog it just wants to ruin it out
it you really cooked in that day so we
got this one
whoa this is cool it'll stand legit dude
you're gonna be like a DJ up in here
look at this little radio depot is it
gonna fit though I don't know I don't
know if this is yeah go down a little
oh it's gonna be close I don't know the
good news is we don't actually need this
in the bad news is it doesn't fit anyway
oh my god oh it might oh dude it does
fit guy give a little dude it's perfect
look at that I got my audio audio
technician here is gonna help what what
piece DNA whoa this there we go there we
go was actually already done this for
his computer so just not called call him
into it he knows we don't hear oh it's
gonna be on like Donkey Kong boys are
you testing it out do it hit me with it
that's tested hey guys it's Kane and no
we're back here for a new video game
today what we got for you we are playing
players I'm now battleground okay let's
hear it let's hear it
gunshots yeah why are your inventions
I'm gonna hear all right what's so good
guy this Kanan know we're back here for
a new video game today what we got for
you we were playing players unknown
battleground think that was that was
more of a radio DJ voice hey guys we're
back let's go rather than a oh my gosh I
just died dude medic me medic me you
gotta medic me I'm crawling over you're
in the trap you're in the trap oh you're
in the shark's mouth oh you think you
can just get out flash at wood oh my
gosh
you are so busted don't even act like
you didn't get into the Oreos boy oh my
gosh did you do it flash yes did you do
that
flash come here come here we have a talk
we have that talk that is got you just
completely destroyed it I don't know
let's just follow the trail a flash
flash it's so bad why do you do that so
bad a mommy so mad at you let's get a
husky it's fun to sit right
I think it's fun to sit and then in the
middle the kitchen have a seat with me
boys we have a serious talk is serious
we're gonna ask you guys we are
officially set up to actually make a
gaming video like all of us like maybe
it's like our favorite game right now is
what player I'm not now that's it and
we've been we've been tearing it up I
don't know I get about 50 to 60 kills a
game Noah gets about 40 sets the whole
game I'm terrible I'm horrible you get
like three you haven't gotten three
before he's pretty good we play as a
family play as a group so you guys pick
the game and we're going to we're going
to do a game I think battlegrounds would
be fun because we can all play together
and we work on the mics and it's just
funny so that's
that but I need like a serious hint from
you guys that you want it because that
would be a long video like that would be
a really long video around can last 20
minutes 30 minutes that's if you win
yeah sometimes we're out like two
minutes like bye Tommy hit the ground
tell me in the comments if you're ready
for it fun long did it because I said
let's sit someone somewhere super random
because the middle of the kitchen we
never went last time we sat here in blog
never ever okay no actually yeah where
the skater guy yeah you hold out on me
I know things out somebody made him in I
am so hit that like button if you want
to see us do a very long battlegrounds
video together as a family we get one
more person and probably my brother Dale
because he's been playing with us and
maybe we get on sirs help us get a
server guys because we could bring you
guys into the enemies would not only
play games often I swear it's just about
said you know what I'm thinking is I
wonder if we could get some more pillows
like we have she's got like it's really
uncomfortable for to sleep right now cuz
her just her belly and everything's
everywhere and she's got like this
pillow fortress that I have to sleep you
silent right now it's like I'm right
over here and then she's like a mountain
of like right please that's all the time
that's pretty much gonna do it for us
today guys thank you for hanging out
with us another day weird day we're
doing very weird day um we love you guys
thanks for being here thanks for being a
part of this we were just in here
thinking in this bed we've been laying
here talking about how crazy it's gonna
be the moment she goes into labor baby
which is my hip new burning book from
when Keane was born yeah that's like
really all he has all of the stuff we're
it that we wrote down for came in like
rbirtle plan and everything it's crazy
and it's so different than this time
well yeah we're sittin in this house and
she's like it's happening yeah it's
gonna be a little freaky I don't think
it all that weeks like on a labor I know
but I know
I don't know guys I'm excited but it's
yes give me crazy date and then I'm
thinking like how am I going to describe
my camera start filming that's going to
be like the last thing you want in here
in your face it will just set it up and
just put panel now we'll try our best we
love you guys thank you for being here
being a part of our everyday lives
we love you you're beautiful
one-of-a-kind
smile more
you
