what's up guys welcome to the vlog and
see if I can sneak up oh they moved so I
was trying to sneak up on you boy I was
trying to sneak up on you guys
shumou whoo I know anyway guys that
would have been great they were both
when I got up this morning they were
both standing at the front door looking
through the glass like they were two
humans waiting for trick-or-treat and it
would have been great to cache but I
missed it anyways today is totally
completely different than most videos we
upload on here because we usually cover
our daily life and today I feel well let
me just go get Britt and we'll explain
shut the door this is serious this is
business
uh masturbation
before we get into the house and show
you what the heck's going on and there a
lot of you guys we have requested this
is where this is all coming from you
guys have requested that on busy day one
bit what's the matter
you see ants in here love your son in
here that's not an ant some of these
were scrambling and it's super busy for
us between the store the home in 20
other businesses that were nothing to
work on that we just can't make a vlog
and in the past I've seen hey anything's
better than nothing why don't you guys
just bang out a Q&A do something that at
least you can communicate with us and
upload something so that's what we're
doing right now and up we're just going
to talk to you guys for a little while
because we just don't do that that much
where we just sit and we talk to you
guys so today is a little bit of an
update video on things we haven't talked
about for a while the biggest thing on
our plate right now is that yesterday
maybe the day before teenagers yesterday
I don't know
well our baby girl has slipped she's
head down which is so exciting I don't
know if I can even explain what that
means but it's super exciting that means
basically she literally I'm almost able
to have a home birth like I'm in the
clear
yeah because we were getting so worried
that I'm just like she doesn't turn
chooses the turn you can't like
basically baby has to go ahead
for a safe birth and she wasn't she was
still head up and if you're really young
this is probably really crazy but the
baby has to turn downs we're headed
she's upside down now basically in that
net watermelon hair but here really this
is like sighted yeah little cheese it's
a crazy crazy crazy stuff that whole
subject is huge for us and super
relieving I was in a meeting with like
six people everybody was like talking
and we were like in the middle of
conversation and I get a text from Brit
it says bait would you say baby tiny
babies head down and I like literally
stopped everybody I was like my baby
went head down and everybody was like
yeah everyone was clapping it's just
like such a big thing for us up it's
just relieving that like knowing that
she's getting position
everything is gone is comedy it's so
weird
it last time it came so I'm like my
camera shut off so easy yeah I'm saying
we still call her baby your baby girl or
whatever with Kane you picked off the
name like I saw you I was like formless
and you already had what was the name
Kane mainly although I trying to talk to
it's so weird but now he's totally came
totally came this baby I want to see
your first and I wanna you wanna and
like anyone that's had kid you know if
you have a name and you tell somebody
it's like oh you should name that or oh
I know this person that was named that
and they're in prison and like guilty
yeah we're not doing any names with no
babies man to be honest we don't have
any means we have a couple that we like
I don't think we have a name that we
love and that's why I think when the
baby comes
maybe we're crazy but when the baby
comes I think we'll be like she's
totally up heavily yeah hopefully I
thought she'd be nameless named she have
stage names for the vlog like we're
gonna give you guys a fake name so she's
like protected and safe like Hollywood
or are we gonna be we gonna be really
dumb and use all our real names like
did and now it's impossible maybe we
give her a fake name the name we give
you guys it's totally fake we're gonna
name her Becky thanks Becky
my name's Ashley it's smart to have in
this business it's like every celebrity
I'd pick name's not Brad Pitt Tom Cruise
is my Tom Cruise none of them are real
names you can remove their names and
then change their name to something else
later probably you have the most common
name ever
ratings man mainly Smith and Brittany
yeah it's up you never showed you guys
this check this out this is a plaque
that if anyone made me when I hit a
billion views on this channel that
you're actually watching right now crazy
it work just has 3.5 billion views on
this channel and when we hit this I
thought it was impossible like
absolutely impossible so it's pretty
cool it's got I don't know tons but I
think these are just thumbnails no
they're just pictures from the blogs you
should totally hang it up right yes
somebody else hang it don't let me hang
it but yeah it's just turn of pictures
from our actual vlogs and that's pretty
cool I like how we got this this nice
little cute one of me and you I don't
for some reason look like I'm enjoying
it though but and then Alex and me in
the back it's such a random mix of
photos all little painters wow these are
funny it is so crazy that like as we
capture our days on camera and we share
with you guys we really don't understand
the the memories until you look back on
like when I'm looking through these
photos so many memories that we captured
through this camera and it's just so
amazing for a family like to be able to
look back on so many years of our life
like it's really cool so really proud of
this actually what were we doing there
see justice for your chainsaw what is
that Dale
oh my gosh oh there's our race number
our store buy grades mm-hmm all right
you wanna take them in you take a LAN we
so know back in there I know we got a
big home part of our memories right with
treat memorization it's for us not them
and I need also the old stuff that came
out really see what's going on here see
what's going on in here oh my gosh can
you teach me something real fast
cause this is something I've always
wanted to know how okay so when you see
somebody roll out a piece of carpet and
it doesn't fit the room how do you take
another piece of carpet and make it one
piece like if I was to take like if I
took this piece and I needed to connect
it to this piece there just be a strip
of duct tape going across the table glue
on it and you got a heating order on the
other side yeah and you tuck it together
put it right down that blue so this gets
hot and yelps that's right there oh he's
doing it right now let's see this so
there's an actual scene right here yeah
Wow so you have it that's how you put
Harper together obviously I'm sure it's
an art form because if I did it there'd
be a bigger scheme than if I didn't Mel
it together yeah I agree she didn't know
look at this it is a wreck right now I
mean look in here there's a bodybuilder
in here there's a pregnant girl in the
reflection hey buddy we are getting new
carpet everything is look at our couches
like been flipped
but our carpet was destroyed I mean it
was bad it's been years of Zeus and
flash and donkey and kids and me and
yeah it is pretty chaotic basically
preparing for that new baby girl to be
able to crawl around safely without bugs
jumping on her
this guy when you're playing in here huh
you got country hooked on video games
I'm on the wing man I'm up there no
ruling him or dying
all right buddy he's just turned into
such an outdoor dog guys like he
literally you let even if he comes in he
just jumps at the door every five
minutes like he just loves it I'll start
doorman tonight and like no flashing you
come inside and he's just jumping in our
door jumping yeah just once out
rain or shine it's because of donkey so
guy is obviously today's more of an
excuse upload this is this is exactly
one of those days where I would not
upload at all and then I see in the
comments you could have just uploaded
something you got you could have just
talked to us for five minutes or 10
minutes give us an update just something
so this is video going out that's what
today is and today is that we're trying
it obviously if I get a lot of hate
because of what kind of video it is so
if you can take a second give it a
little love and that like and maybe a
good comment that'd be great
we'll be right back at it tomorrow I
think today's a teen look at him
stealing chairs you will thief
you know thief you better come back here
flash my suck
what's that dog do you stole that thing
so yeah guys we uh we love you so much
thanks for understanding we are in over
our head with some business right now
and we just got to crush it out today
and get caught up so that we can be back
tomorrow we love you you're beautiful
you are so I say that I said enough he
only to have this baby okay we have a
while Oh see you tomorrow guys you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
mwah
you
