welcome to the vlog I will be right back
all right I've fallen Anna playing
roadblock roadblock rogue Road
let's get right to it guys how the heck
are you hope you're having a great day I
hope you were having a good take too
beautiful
boom actually really difficult for me to
explain how busy we are and how busy
Britney is so she's probably gonna freak
out when I tell her that I need her to
take me somewhere right now ladies
ladies ladies honey I need you I need
you to take me somewhere I need a ride I
don't think you understand how important
this is do you want you ride donkey me
right Empire in the town just saddle
them up
I would it believe me I would if I could
it's either you take me or I just sit
out here with with all you guys and just
talk a lot what do you guys say huh see
no Veronica Veronica I need a ride I
need are you love to learn I'll need you
anymore sometimes I just don't think
your sister understands the importance
of things I need to get done you know
yeah it's hard to like it's hard to like
get in that zone
right now totally kidding missus he's
actually getting work done my everything
I'm doing right now is kind of pointless
was not it's serious in my world but
it's really irrelevant to her she's
working with you guys are all working
super hard it's crazy getting a late
start to the vlog today but better late
than never I hit it right now thanks for
Annika we're going to pick up what I
need to pick up yeah that's what we're
talking about it'd be taking the light
you ready for school dude let's take you
to class what's up man hey we got it all
ready for you is ready where you rigging
it up ready to put some new air ones on
a layout and the wheelie bar small works
now all right if you're new to the
channel you probably don't know this but
a couple months ago how long's that been
it's been a while Ramona through three
months I got a school bus from this
crazy cat clubbing thing is it's a
Fairfield County school buses which is
you know where I went to school and
honestly never thought I'd own one but
look how much fun you could probably
have with this thing not a little buff
not a short bus it's the full-size boss
I mean it's huge
you got a drive dude I can drive after
the camper I just can't do it
so this whole thing kind of happened by
accident um what do you think do what
did you sit in when you when you wrote
on the bus with let's see I always set
towards the back I don't only take time
here but as an adult
yeah they think it's cool in the back is
cool in the back but as you get older
you're like frothy it's not as bumpy you
get on and off first it just makes more
sense you'll get you'll get it one day
yogi anywhere Kent is when I bought the
school bus February 10 and this is going
to tell me whether it was a good idea or
not all right you ready see where we
land was it a good idea Noah only time
will tell I don't know man
Oh think about it that's not good what
do you mean there's no Drive there's no
Park reverse Drive okay
to get in push that in that's it huh but
it is like fine a spaceship put it drive
you're ready to roll and just goes
forward goes forward ha ha ha - Ramirez
did I need one of the Bulls on the
steering wheel
yeah there's your beeper in the back ok
when you park pull it out that's it all
right we'll give it a shot up on this is
the door I'm gonna drop you off there
buddy all set for school boy where's
your backpack get your homework done
true story
I got suspended three days on a school
bus bus driver
she got me suspended three days I'll
tell you the story later I heard some
serious part we got to drive this thing
why turn Xena
oh my gosh it's an old battle tank
alright guys so while we drive home
while we get this giant school bus home
I'm super excited to announce that my
Roman verse fousey movie the documentary
is now available completely free to you
guys it's totally free over on go 90 I
will put the link in my description you
can watch my movie totally free I really
really love this movie it's a fun
documentary and I'm just so excited to
announce it you guys for free so check
it out I will put the link in the
description and while we drive here is a
trailer to our documentary that like my
daughter is really do you guys are both
inspiration for everybody - what's the
position the content you to inspire
Katherine ribbit well I don't know how
long much too much all I really needed
on vlog camera see him Scotland
we're about to pull a quick one on to
see all around cheers to our first ever
Scotland show apparently the crew got
all our equipment broke down so there
might not be a show tonight we're headed
to the breakdown tours over that's our
title right there maybe we shouldn't be
on tour together
I mean Lucy were children we never be
arrested Hey how are you oh if they win
some lumber oh they're making such a
special night buddy
my name with a cool tattoo on her arm
it's about us creating a special moment
with a thousand people in the room
tonight so I'm just super glad to be
able to share that with them Roman and I
spend our lives talking to a camera each
and every day are dealing with a vlogger
I truly believe that is now my job to
push you forward every single day with
nothing but positivity and I will do
that with my channel you can thinner you
want me to help you it will help you up
yeah
you know I don't watch your blog i watch
your vlog yeah just don't oh we made it
we made it see what everyone thinks
what's up up in I'll pick you up my
school bus brings all the girls to the
yard how do we open this how do we come
on in all aboard choo-choo
let's take a little break up on an aisle
seat uh she's available where we going
miss Trotwood I don't know if you got a
golden arches icecream should we go to
the next softball game in this the Magic
School Bus
you guys are so far here can take this
up don't get flash just stick your
watching go applause come on good boy
good boy
come on Empire let's go we still got
room
come on in come on buddy come on up
ain't havin it he's like you got human
that concludes our bus trip ladies Oh
baby
Wow just what we needed
just what we needed you look good by the
barn
look at that contrast red green blue
beautiful oh you went in your cage he's
like I'm getting away from that bus what
do you mean it's a cage I mean it's not
a bird cage not 360 get up there boys
nothing tall no with this bus flush huh
what we gonna do with it I got one
really really good idea but it's almost
impossible like for me to pull it off I
don't I've never seen it done either
like it would be a first time bus build
maybe leanness but if I could pull it
off
it would be absolutely amazing you guys
will freak out and everybody involved
will freak out
oh gosh oh I can't I can't vlog and
burger at the same time feel like mr.
Krabs who lives in a pineapple under the
sea nothing monsters workmen past dinner
guys got it kind of a quick one for you
today been trying to keep up with the
20-minute one what you going through my
wallet you going through my wallet no I
don't have my driver's license which is
actually where my idea is I left it
there ah guy that is gonna do it for
today tell me what would you do with the
school bus I do have one idea one big
idea but it's big it's going to be like
a crew of people to pull it off and
the crew may be told that um yeah this
is what it goes this one starts crying
and then it'll end all right usually me
we love you guys as a reminder of the
Roman versus PC tour documentary is free
to you guys I will put it in the link if
maybe this blog is too short and you
want something to watch go check it out
it's a lot of fun and it's a really
great document I'm so proud of it and
just inspiring thank you guys for
everything you're beautiful you're one
of a kind small
you
