hey guys welcome to the vlog I'm not
gonna lie I've done this intro like five
at times and I I'm stuttering I just
some days where I'm like I'm not kidding
I'm like maybe I'm not supposed to
 today but we're going through
anyway welcome I hope you're feeling
good hope you're having a great day
today even guys remember that video
every time oh my gosh I think that
videos like here my garage you guys
remember that video I don't know what
happen to that anyway today I'm not
doing in my crush was never shut it's
really weird
ah maybe that's what's throwing me a
welcome guys today I want to build
something that I miss having here at the
house and it's pine terrible idea for
the vlog because it's it's hard to vlog
but I built it I removed it I put the RC
track in and then it disappeared so I
want another one I'm gonna build it
that's the goal anyway
oh yes with you guys sometimes I think I
just want to use this machine more than
I actually want to build the item I'm
building it's kind of like an excuse to
just get in here and tear up some earth
like it's a toy to me literally fun
how's that look so good what do you mean
when you would he would he would do it
wasn't so big what are you doing it is
big that's what I was going for yeah
just like that we built a monster
monster mound of dirt dude look at that
day remember when I said what I was
about to do would probably terrible for
the vlog so I just skipped it I just get
past it I just did it I know it killed
some of my day but I got it done
flash I got it done buddy thanks for
staying on my I watch you in my rear
view camera the whole time no I wasn't
filming no I just nailed it ready let's
see it come on you got this aah
I just makes perfect or better yes
that's sweet dude what do you got what
you want to show me what's up well you
guys are living the living the Saturday
up movies I've never got some papers in
for a donkey no really yeah
so we're getting another donkey like
it's gonna happen we're gonna have to if
we get approved I'm sure we are a good
family
we love our animal yeah he's a lonely
donkey donkey get lonely
so we're gonna get 45 donkeys when he
taking me up a foot not ready I can hear
the donkey from here he's round
all right so Noah's got this crazy
special thing he wants to show you but
not yet right you want to wait wait but
today we'll show it okay then it I don't
know why why you brought me up here
right now I love it I was so excited for
you so you guys said he doesn't want to
show you to his room okay I'm about to
ask you something that most men do not
ask their women okay probably a very
random question but you're used to it
honey
where's my flamethrower I like the one
on the far side
is that where it is there was never one
of those moments okay so I took it I
took it that day with Matt up to shoot
right since that day I've never seen it
so I want to like open this thing up see
if I can get it you know start a fire
okay I know you're not feeling the best
but it's beautiful out Wow
good job girls nice Hank
and once I did it and we're going to say
I did it but we're trying to fill out
this wall remember I said I said by
tomorrow
wait look this one's about the fall so
we got to save it you know see all
because they're using a sticky stuff
really I have them do it so that they
stay on the wall but it looks like oh by
the way I love this look how fun that is
baboon splatter art was always my
favorite in school like back when I was
in school splatter painting you don't
just lose a flame so it's like something
you don't really miss place like weird
where's my flames up I apparently I do
but it's not something normal
normal people don't miss plays flames
are I can find this thing anywhere and
oddly enough I have another flame this
is like a full-size legit flame so
that's not that there's my cannon my
flower cannon I've been kind of looking
for that I don't know what this thing is
what option they're so stinking
beautiful and listen I know you guys
probably think I'm making this up but I
can't find my flamethrower dude I know
it's not like something you lose right
wait what does that mean your hands and
legs are tired first level which my
hands are tied right you only want to
get out to do a backflip all right
that's the unlock oh okay so now your
hands on lock is both feet and leg what
we can I never seen this number would
let me see let's see you ever seen this
done before game that's perfect
so being I'm not the best vlogger oh I
missed uh tell them say it again make it
make me feel bad some managers first for
flip and I missed it on the camera
you're a terrible vlogger what you're a
terrible Prager why you're landing I
know
come on big air big spin yes
so close Adam bouncing oh
come on buddy oh my gosh what was that
package so guys today is a it's a lounge
day man everybody's like chillin
relaxing sitting watching TV playing
games which is great like honestly any
day my family can do that I'm all about
it like I mean we fight for days like
this this is this is great
me on the other hand I don't do very
well sitting still like I'm good for a
few minutes and I got a I'm like
bouncing around like a rabbit
- come on come on Empire oh yeah I
figured I would get I got these actually
for Christmas I've never broke them out
I tore my mound down before I got them
out so my good just at least set them up
do something that I can do you know a
little a little therapy okay so I
basically built this monster backstop
today this is you know just you know
four handguns short range nothing's
going to go over you're gonna hit here
let's just say for a second that I was
ready to run some rounds on this this
new range I built you got goof ball or
one and goof ball to in the way Empire
we're even doing up there
you got a myth this is pretty quickly I
did this pretty quick actually you
really don't know empire going the wrong
way dude everybody's so chill today like
it's got me and the children like
usually I'm like so upbeat and ready to
go and I'm like let's just relax let's
sit back let's chill well guys I uh I
thought I was getting pretty good with
the the capital I really Katta killer I
really did but this says otherwise
my tripod see assuming if this thing
work I have no idea so bad
we that nothing is like a designer pod
now alright guys working around a little
bit we are actually Brittany and I
ordered paid for the UFC fight tonight
which I don't even know who's fighting
but it's really fun we'd like to sit
back relax watching UFC is it really
something relaxed to Mike do you like
quinoa like contain watch this again we
usually watch at my brother's house
they're not available tonight and the
kids usually go upstairs in places they
don't see all the craziness I don't know
if it's that bad
you know I don't know I don't know how I
probably might Kane watch it be playing
a more violent game then Ashley or C
 probably so being advanced here I
know I know you guys are good at always
telling us that we're such good parents
we're jumping around a little bit I am
having a cup of coffee because I slept
only a few hours last night and I'm
really drained and just I told Britt I
was like I need something I'm just
falling over and she was like could be a
coffee today I know look at your belly
honey so you got your belly button
pierced now that is popping out yeah six
months from now you'll be back to the
old year okay so I know I've been saying
this vlog after vlog it seems like the
last couple they actually maybe since we
got back from LA is like what's your
favorite kind of vlogs right now because
we've been in this like really at home
family scenario where it's like this is
where we're at we're not really leaving
it and we're just home and like to me
I'm always like we need to do something
we need to do something and I know a lot
of you guys just want to watch up so
tell me right now like what's your style
what's your favorite style is it us at
home or is it us doing stuff and you can
have both but I'd like to hear one like
pick one
tell me in the comments because uh to me
I love I love being at home with the
family when we're home so it means a lot
to be able to be here and film for you
guys like it's a win
in Brittany's mocking me right now I'm
talking this is copy it's a coming I'm
being serious
this is the serious me Thank You Tao you
ready to show you are like that face
excited alright guys so just so you know
Noah and Jordan have been working for
two days building his custom computer
which is done on my shop
you ready this thing's pretty cool check
it out boom it actually matches your
your laptop you just sold red and black
so this thing is completely customized
they made it themselves and it's a beast
runs everything and you're playing like
a low graphic game it's beautiful dude
no it's sweet good choice
so there you have it you know what
gaming computer is completely literally
one and a half days cannon jordan built
the whole thing from scratch so which is
crazy because that was one solid piece
of plastic that they had to carve out of
that I believe I can fly I believe he's
so tired
donkeys been wearing him out because if
he comes inside donkey just starts
yelling you guys heard I started a blog
with it
day before yesterday day before I don't
know yeah yeah oh yeah he's like don't
make that noise I'm a tired dog he's a
good friend to donkey though so here it
is guys another vlog where I'm like I
just just it is what it is and I did a
bunch of stuff off camera and
I have to hear myself you realize this
like when I when I watch the vlog I got
to hear myself the things that I say
sometimes I watch the next day I'm like
oh my gosh it's not like a baby like a
whiny baby you want to do something
exciting dye your hair blonde
tomorrow ha ha ha I dyed my hair blonde
Alicia's like no you sure how to save a
really bad day how weird would I look
well I kind of look like I mean you're
all that much hair to begin with we are
ending the vlog I feel like I've just
been in a little rut love the family
days but I feel like my like drives do
extra crazy stuff hasn't been there past
few days but I go in and out of that
stuff I really am being real with you
right now I just been in that kind of
rut where I'm like doing kind of things
I need to get done and not filming so I
love you guys you're part of our life
and this is really good things we should
I Romans everyone watch tomorrow tips
like in sync
can I try to look like one of the 90's
boy band baby that's what you be saying
when you see my hair blonde I'm never
doing the light thing no because they
all you guys always get it because most
of you choose not to either like or
dislike a video but when we do a light
challenge like okay we get 120,000 a day
and I'm like they're never gonna get 5
minute and then all of a sudden it's
like don't know they can't do that about
a million likes that's never we've never
had it we've known it at nine hundred
thousand while you're asleep 1 million
likes I will dye my hair no they're not
going to like it they don't want to see
my hair blonde you realize that's like
so bad that realized that like one in
two of you have to like this vlog for
that keeping happen that's like
impossible most people won't even make
it to this part of the vlog 7:50 I'm
negotiate with nobody right now I'm
making better deals by myself 750 750
thousand like Obama or if not no big
deal you don't have to like this vlog I
don't like don't like it share this one
no hi guys blonde with purple - I love
you I'd probably rather blonde with
purple tips and just blonde
frickin love you guys you're beautiful
gain you're beautiful you're one of a
kind
go ahead no good it's been a year since
Cain has lost his seat oh it's gonna be
another two before you are we got in
this vlog nobody's even watching right
now that we love you guys thank you so
much for sticking through the you know I
don't have to tell you if you're
watching right now you know this feel
you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more baby
hear that every day babies like alright
I'll smile
you
