guys welcome welcome to the vlog we are
out we'll look at the kids out here
doing their trampoline thing we got
almost fully blue skies which is great
because I got I got I don't what you all
should I tell them I know what you're
doing that I know it is all about she's
like don't start vlogging haven't done
my brows but when I wasn't watching she
was about to take place
I think do it do it do it make your
eyebrows edible you look beautiful
Brittany's making a chocolate cake of
her dad which is just pulling in right
now and it's his birthday today so we
got him actually we didn't get it right
here if you watch our hot was why we
went to hot was they gifted him this
like collector's box he's gonna flip I
know he's going to love that I have to
get know like right when he comes I'm
not in a wait really
so not only is it Brittany his dad's
birthday but today is a very special
it's a big special day for me Brett
because we've been together for eight
years and I haven't been on a date since
I got only been with you but tonight I
have a date with Jupiter that's right I
got a date with Jupiter tonight we're
going on a date we're going on it no
listen all right
so according to I got a thousand tweets
about this cording to NASA according to
said outerspace tonight of all nights
will be the closest that Jupiter is to
earth in like forever and I don't think
the next one for like thirteen months
from now so no donkeys out here I can
see him Oh long story short tonight's
the night to see Jupiter at its closest
at its finest at the most beautiful time
and we're getting some clear skies it
was literally raining when I woke up a
lot of talking that talk a lot sometimes
I'm cold can I just start going I like
you did your eyebrows up I like the way
you did it natural natural
it's just Britt's natural state
this morning but didn't put on eyebrow
you know I put my on thank God well
you're getting older baby pretty soon
you won't have hair
I nearly birthday thank you
when's your actual working what's the
actual day dude do you think you think
we start forgetting your own birthday a
certain age yeah when you get it is on
his birthday
whew see some little face tough lash
like anybody see me embrace TV it's his
birthday
now does it oh that's not gonna fit you
anymore baby stuff baby stuff everywhere
she's gonna take over the top I feel
like one month in it's pretty big you
and my daddy's girl you know she's gonna
be daddy's girl I mean no fighting at
RIT I'm gonna take her over something
adorable love to smile happy happy
birthday that bag has never been used
before hey Barney
how's she's learning for me resent a
skill she's getting better
oh oh oh
wheels collector there's only 500 of
them boxes yeah
did you ask the boss no he's like no I
didn't you added pictures to guess where
I'm at what I am the Hot Wheel car okay
so this is 72 out of 500 I feel look
good on your wall I mean we got the CD
he's changing Elliot loud package
non-rocket says how many so these are
all the 72 out of how many ever they
made you like these things or what man
oh yeah a modicum
however you're looking up like collect
your hot wheels what what is this in
here the Ghostbuster hot weather he says
like 99 bucks now right you paid a buck
for it I'm gonna have a Hot Wheels feel
like it brings get a lot those good yeah
and then Kings just going to open them
all up man yeah oh yeah sorry about your
empire you won't be the third wheel
tonight flash you won't come on the date
Hey Dude what's up what's up man okay
just graze and I see you flat mr.
jealous dude I can't pay anybody I only
have to mow my grass this year he's just
going to take care of it it's my new
lawnmower right there man your name
could have been mower mower would have
been a great nickname today's a great
day it's beautiful it's sunny we're
hanging out a couple people are coming
over and soon the moon might be actually
around here somewhere and then Jupiter
is down here somewhere so right at
sunset it's going to peak up oh we're
gonna see it we are gonna see it I'm
excited I'm pumped so the only real
issue with this thing and it is amazing
like it gets you guys seen my moon shot
most people didn't believe it it's
humble it in a blog just so you would
believe it it's a beast and it's hard to
move around so I'm going to start kind
of you guys taking apart some that's
probably eventually what's going to keep
me from getting it out it's the fact
that you have to take it apart yeah I
feel like that's the assaulted wagon no
they have like this wagon with a handle
wheels and the whole thing it
prominently sits on that but yeah down
the Stephanie play is this is not gonna
work for me just not going to work for
me so I'm gonna take this thing apart
taking upside put it out there boom got
a baby got it
oh you're dropping stuff yeah oh you're
really driving are you putting it on the
deck er tonight in the yard on at the
bottom abort you know where's all nice
and muddy BRR it's cold I need a nice
quiet spot why thank you no oh my
goodness
jumper nothing so I am gonna set this
guy up in the grass tonight not worry
it's blurry the only issue is is it's
soft like the ground softness is so much
weight I'm afraid like imagine this
thing tipping over on me Oh
smash you better stop talking like that
and some wood something stable this and
I stick the office from my RC tabletop
see that leftovers yeah baby
job baby daddy's coming to work daddy's
coming to work right anybody knows I
like to create a nice safe environment
from my dates I mean I was late at night
I wish you guys could see your face when
I'm talking about this kind of stuff
she's like I'll show you look you two
sent when you got me on your back
what is it you last time you brought a
bag of sugar I just got to bring gifts I
feel like that's the thing to do and
today manga I thought those were
pomegranates this is science right here
look one two three a stability chase
what would I'll get a force of Crete but
I figure I have time to temperature the
weather the wind you know this is gonna
have to do for now you didn't get to
meet with tripod do you think it would
be balancing think it's going to wobble
on that I have some extra works addition
all right mom and dad is here Noah let's
see it come on man this is a lot of
buildup a lot of hype oh you can do it
you can do it hmm
I know you do the double we've been
really doing good at this stuff
I remember who's just trying to do one
oh I gotta get my lawn chair man this is
what seals the deal
got a place to sit what what do you want
me to do cook on there are my strata my
god I can't - I got stuck Jason taking
over what she's hungry did she suck you
know what that used to have brush at
what you know burgers steaks waiting for
that Sun to set it's going to be
beautiful tonight look no clouds whoo
I'm not going to luck maybe I'm just
hitting that weird age where I'm excited
in my life for a clear sky dude we
should have those little telescope yeah
young the real skinny Brett you could
see like the neighbors window or some is
that what you were doing is that what
sure I was wondering what you did with
your assist I was looking up his face
UFO dude that's a UFO here's where we're
at guys here's the Moon Moon Jupiter is
just peeking off the horizons right
there so close all right it's time to I
wish I could take credit on the food but
I can't
chef Gilroy is in the house tonight and
I thank you always does a good job and
we're going to eat and then when it
gains the outer space
we're gonna feed you a bow tonight yeah
I gotta I gotta say something about this
because I've never seen it done is that
what you're supposed to do with the
salsa it's genius it works for me I
literally just like scoop mommy is about
to terrify my life yeah where's she go
where'd she go spinner man hey you gotta
you got to come get her come this way
come this way so we're staying together
not me not me it's good I don't make you
drive that's not what I do
can't we have a little girl happy
birthday who used to detect
birthday to you all right guys the
moment I personally have been wait you
can see Jupiter right there that bright
light not the moon that is Jupiter
so obviously the moon is super bright
tonight and I'll get some good photos of
that again but look how bright Jupiter
is that thing is four hundred and
fourteen million miles okay if you were
driving 60 miles per hour how long would
it take to get to Jupiter that's the
math question for tonight leave it in
the comments I already know just off top
my head all right beef you spoken up so
it's really cold out right now so when
you put your face to it the glass fogs
up making it blurry I think we should
just hook a camera up to it and get what
we get what up bro
hey I've been thinking there's been
something missing tonight yeah and it's
you what did they welcome so the night
and he brings me a gift we had all your
photos done up in a book for you yes
Department one so maybe like 200 more
pictures yeah I throw this in the trash
and I figured you'd like it so I was
just explaining that when you sit in
this text invite me over here you said
this is going to be an amazing night
Cooper is going to be huge the moon's
going to be phenomenal your kids are
going to love it I mean what are we
doing nothing we're freezing
Mitsuo City means I'm free out here and
I invited you guys on my date night I do
and now we can get one picture
appreciate the ice though I knew you'd
like that ice so sure I mean they're
struggling I got like I know what to do
it's a good-looking scope though I just
need some help the truth is you look
like a gorilla with a calculator
yeah I don't know what I'm doing that's
what I said hi I don't know if you guys
can see me can you see me I'm going to
come up on the light to talk there we go
okay kind of disappoint it's more of a
personal experience here's the issue my
eyepiece that we look through is
magnified tremendously the the piece
that my camera screws in has no
magnification so I can get a picture of
Jupiter which I have I'm kind of
embarrassed to show you guys but they do
make and I don't even know how to do it
or what to buy but they do make magnetic
magnetization
for my camera come on buddy come on what
you want to coast
they do make magnifier so I can share
this with you but for now I'm just it's
kind of a personal experience I feel bad
okay this is me holding my camera up to
my viewfinder it is absolutely horrible
but that is Jupiter and those are four
moons that move around Jupiter for all
right guys it's complicated all right
it's complicated I'm I'm not an
astronomer I thought I thought I could
pull this off I've been out there all
night trying to shots it turns out
Jupiter's pretty tough one to get and I
got to get a magnifier I'm going to try
to order one absolutely soon as possible
apparently Jupiter is going to be very
visible over all of April so tonight's
like supposed to be awesome
yeah so that's us and then what we were
looking at how do bears monster the
monster look for Saturn is like an inch
and a half away so here's what I got
here is a quick little video clip of
what I did get a Jupiter this is
remember this is without any
magnification is literally just my
camera sitting on the scope this is
Jupiter that my friends is Jupiter the
best that I can give you on a camera
that's a zoomed in is I can get you on
my camera I did shoot and I don't know
if it's going to work I shot 60 frames
4k time lapse of the moon tonight to try
to save this disaster but I don't know
4k is going to mix with this this is
just normal 1080 so I don't know if
you'll be able to see it in a 4k but
here is the moon time-lapse this
beautiful
an emphasis back here guys thanks for
hanging out on my my date night it was a
great date night I didn't go over as
well as I thought it would I am just
going to stay here stay at the house
come back and I got everything packed up
I love you guys thank you so much
we will see you tomorrow if you have any
advice for me oh the cool thing is I got
this thing all aligned it's all aligned
now so I push moon and goes the moon I
pushed Jupiter goes to Jupiter and it
tracks it so that's cool very fun very
cool stuff I'm sure I'll get better at
it
and be able to share with you guys what
we're seeing it's beautiful stuff and I
absolutely love it we love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile aww
thanks bill love you guys
you
