all right let's start the blog I've
never started the vlog from this angle
ever this is the first time first time
start right here welcome to the crazy
house Britney is digging through the car
what are you doing in there you think
she's like organizing this place it's
like deja vu yesterday I walk up the
steps girls are in here building stuff
and are you watching vlogs yeah yeah
that is weird if you watch yesterday's
vlog we put Noah's a gaming laptop up
wasn't sure how that was going to go is
sold within like 10 minutes I think was
he's so happy like that face idiots he
gets his money who we got going on over
here Nana and Cain reckon some cars as
always but it's cool isn't it really I
can walk by and she was playing online
oh you got Nana playing it and see what
Cain's got see what you have you does a
Lulu oh oh you got this buddy you got
this you got this
oh ok when I get back I want to see that
Luke alright that's dude what's up me
just keeps coming up saying Hadji miss
me a lot been here all day I know you're
gonna do this you go say hi you must say
bye honey
love you bye Cain hope you watch
yesterday's vlog as well you know it was
like summer warm shorts t-shirt whether
I'm in a full coat I can't leave you're
not wearing a coat no one I got no one
no nice when I got a couple things to do
what I know everything's been detailed
it's so clean just get in it with me
full blast I'm gonna get down dude you
gonna kill it
get out here you can't come with me you
can't I wish you could know and I
running out to do a cult it looks like
I've slammed the brakes and if Cain was
in the car he'd be up against my back
seat
we're going to give a shout out to we're
just going to say Mary I'm not going to
say her last name just in case she
doesn't want to be on the vlog but she
is the one that bought Noah's laptop we
just can't believe our eyes we posted
the blog and we're like honestly don't
know what's going to happen in boom ten
minutes fifteen minutes his laptop was
gone so Mary thank you I hope you loved
it I hope you truly loved his laptop and
all the way from the United Kingdom your
what part do you remember to say oh yeah
what's her address let's put our dresses
what are we done you know we have to do
this is like turning into tradition now
we got to stop going to milk so now
you're thinking you got to go to an ice
cream shop for the best milkshakes right
but we love this flight it's just like a
gas station that's what it is
but the milkshakes will blow your mind
you know again I am Saratoga stupid ring
dude it's got me down boys decisions
this is just vanilla that's what I'm
getting
that's one quiet base no play Donna take
your weapon here we go
are you ready well the milkshake chug
off the whole thing has to be gone a
quick is ready now just enjoy it ready 1
2 3 stop it Oh are you all right cream
get all became okay good location money
I can't even speak talking speak while
we're enjoying our shake right now we're
going to I don't know if I told you guys
this but I do um most you know I do some
make-a-wish is where I go visit um some
kids that their wish is to meet me and
it's such an honor it's one of the
coolest thing in the world but I give
every single kid I need
I give them my cell phone number so that
I can stay in touch with them and we're
just going to randomly try to call and
just see if we're gonna call Caden right
now and see if he picks up hello hey
look up what's up buddy what are you
doing sleeping no I'll just land that
here asleep
I love the hair buddy thanks I haven't
got a hair in a while
me neither you look better than me he's
like hey you got Noah here too right we
wanted to cook I just had a boner I'm
great and not too long ago a bone marrow
aspirate what does that mean dude
it makes that thing off some bone marrow
outta me
you're a tough kid man so I I see your
medical you got medical bands on your
arm
yeah well you look awesome man you look
really good my video on my own channel
what's your Chi I'm vlogging right now
to everybody what your channel is okay
my name is Kaden Barnes and my profile
pics from my own channel looks like Roma
at with dog loose yeah well what's your
YouTube channel buddy Kate it on Kaden
Barnes just my full name are you using
the iPad I got you right now yeah yes
nothing like a TV screen to do yeah all
right buddy we want to say hi
we miss you I miss you she'll keep keep
keep us updated okay text me anytime
speaking of haircuts working over to my
man John house he's gonna fix my outfit
right now home what is it look so what
is this going over here oh my stellar
magical ball John what is that he's got
it what five dollars here take your five
dollars that yeah I got all kinds of
stuff in here there was another one
another one
haha John's gonna fix me up I think you
know I got to get out of this habit of
just throwing my hat on everyday I think
I want to wear my hair like what medium
this I'm gone gone but I think I'm gonna
keep some of this or you can keep it I
don't know I don't know I kind of want
to go back to the old we do this tour
but they just
she looks and we can always take more oh
there we go I do that because I thought
we hit the point of no return
but what is wrong she is oh my gosh
imagine if I were like that like like
that
man bond man blah oh good some can get
you some yoga pants look how tall this
is guys it's all doesn't feel like it's
been that long but huh Wow right guys so
I've been listening and I hear a lot of
you can you just go one day without that
hat Roman can't you just go back to the
way it used to be
can't you please so tomorrow I will go
all day with no hat I got my haircut and
it feels good it's cold now it's cold
out but I think now we're going to stop
over at my mom and dad's like no idea if
they're home but I just missed them and
I want to see them for a few minutes and
yeah we're just gonna keep going going
holes the purple people eater hey hey
fish tank Todd was here today taking
care of the tank look how beautiful this
tank looks man you know I still get
people that come over here and they're
like I did not realize that it's real
coral like everything in this tank is
alive it's all real this is all coral
the whole tank all that says you'd be
sleeping with the donkey tonight well
you make it gotta go underwater love it
now I gotta work I can't
well I can't breathe this giant starfish
do you think so big yes oh here's one
that's a different color that's a
brittle star what do you mean this full
bar this is nice
miles is where I got my stuff that well
the baby gate can go I'll give you that
you take the baby gate baby I got my
lights here
all right you win let's go since we did
but I know flash I know she's telling me
to she just told me she's taking our
stop he doesn't come up here anymore he
bombed our Baltic who remembers that I
think you said is clean this is all my
huh yeah
hello oh my what my brother made this
incredible nerf wall I mean it's awesome
and I'm trying to talk him in fact I
call him today I was like yo the kids
want you to build and wonderful I just
made that up because I thought maybe for
the kid you just come right over but he
was like I don't know if that's really
what you want and then I don't know what
happened
nothing kids don't hang everything back
that's what he said
he said if I go up there the walls of
empty yes it's only it's like it's cool
but nobody uses it it's like they take
them down never put them back up my kids
would put up all three buckets yeah and
then hear all the noise yes
wait I know we have more because this
boxes we bought I've never found them we
had nerf boxes interesting probably one
or two whole boxes well he ate a box for
breakfast this is all just monster
trolli monster truck this is cool okay
so doesn't have a fly for everything
like once you get this out you don't put
it back Kate I saw a lot of comics
yesterday that they want to see your hot
whale collection like lay out all your
cars yeah so we should do that soon a
little trap that we have two buckets oh
good yeah this is look cool wait up he's
probably got two buckets in five bathtub
that he plays yeah I tripped out in the
shower every morning I like top wheel
cars everywhere and the girls have been
building like oh whoa that is cool every
house is nice except my room like my
office is just rushing huh huh nice way
to organize well this is way too
organized for us there's no working
laughs I have to like I'm it driving me
crazy right now it's because you're
pregnant as soon as that baby comes out
you're going to be like forget it
why I can't build it the girl okay no
the girls don't my hair but look I love
it
I'm like my posh like I can train in
that well it's got a little lever
underneath of it
yeah right there yeah you pull it out no
yeah there when you pull that out that's
supposed to make it lean back that's
what you have me build it since I know
what I'm doing I know what I date you
know I know what I'm doing
it did it didn't Kane's taking me to
game right any game take me to game
right away all right what if this is
pull over here come your heart does he
stop no so quick how do you burn energy
on a rainy day this is that one this is
all right if you watch yesterday's vlog
we made homemade coconut water and real
fruit pops dude that looks so good you
have won today game yeah let me see what
you're doing here say they do looks so
good thanks dude so we fill them with
blueberry kiwi and strawberries and they
look unbelievable and then for the solid
it's coke pure coconut water so I'm
excited about this if you ever make
homemade plastic popsicles you have to
sometimes heat them up to get them too I
wanted for some you could put in it
first to help separate the plastic from
the pot really an oil but you all look
awesome out of the you don't like it
salty my full opinion I don't know if I
do it with coconut water anymore and I
love and I love coconut and coconut
water it just doesn't go right with a
popsicle it's like I'm expecting fruity
and like sugary out of a popsicle this
is like it is like the healthiest
popsicle right there I guess what is
where I hit mom sorry no it's good it
tastes good after Matt and the brougham
job was worked out frozen fruit well
okay guys so we were coming over and I
was like I got this thing that I'm going
to do something really I guess it's cool
I don't know it's cool to me and now
we're about to oconee that we realize
it's broke in two places which really
stinks you can see it's broke there oh
man dude it's bent that supposed to be a
straight piece this one like your Oh
wait what yeah that's care from attack
yeah we just in the most back oh dude
look at these you're going to look
amazing
that's the beach this one I think we're
gonna hang up there good also study some
of this not oh oh my gosh that looks so
bad if you do a like came on a semi
truck is it really bad yeah look it's
all warped and back oh man I got this
giant what is your football 7-foot yeah
Hollywood that I'm gonna do something
with do yeah this suckers crushed look
the whole wood is split in half which
sucks dude I know this one came great
but it came by itself this thing is all
busted up and I'm assuming this spot
down here Oh Oh even you are tired when
you rubbing yeah right when you rub in
your eyes I know it's time for bed mmm
you guys remember when I always film but
the kids today listen you I was just
always vlog put me to bed but now I
don't
well maybe I got a trivia question
forever what it looks like I'm crying
but I just yawn woo
what vlog did I get this for my boy Noah
what blog do you even know applause no
how could we I got this for Noah in a
vlog and I cannot remember the name of
it so that's the trivia question for
today where and when did I get this for
you I love this yeah oh you clean up
your desk jeans it didn't make it to
back to them anyone they get my computer
- yes
meteorologist Roman Atwood here to tell
you that yesterday despite the warm and
sunny weather it is currently snowing in
Ohio unbelievable in there's a kid with
cheese in his mouth dude it's bedtime
it's bedtime and you know it I know we
got a cig I know you don't want in the
vlog I just tell them you don't want to
end it if you don't want to
obviously because both speaking to put
guys we're going to sign off right now
that's all we got
expect that's our day that's the
highlight of our day today guys thank
you so much for being here as I always
say keep your head up don't forget how
important you are you are absolutely
incredible don't let nobody tell you you
can't do anything you can do whatever it
is you want to do is crazy I mean look
what I made we love you guys so much
thanks for being a part of this family
man you really are truly a massive part
of this family thank you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
