Wow hi guys welcome to the vlog starting
off a little rough because we're
fighting the weather it started sunny
now it's getting really gray and weird
out and I need the sunshine so I don't
really necessarily have to have the
sunshine but I need it to not be windy
which it is check these guys out dudes
havin fun huh let's have it let's have
it nothing but it got chase over here
with his voice and we are gonna attempt
it's a bad idea
you're a dad so you can be a part of the
GAT ideas again it's GAD okay it's a
good dad bad idea it's all in one that's
perfect that's what we call them not
around here we kind of design for
failure most of these vlogs and that is
what today is all about let me show you
what we're going to do try to do alright
we've removed this ramp and took off the
the little culvert what is he called
little little big coping boom we've
removed it so it's smooth it's a nice
flush take off RC truck and zip ties you
know we need zip ties that's just part
of my daily need and it's like others
day starting like trucks and ramps it's
a good day wings and high wind and we're
going to be add in the world's fastest
RC car the X oh one thing does like 100
miles per hour stuff like it's
ridiculous we just need a lot of runway
for that thing it's way too fast for my
Drive got to go love you
our orders are the spinners they going
crazy yeah if you missed yesterday's
vlog we released our own smile more
fidget spinners their custom they're
awesome they're labeled with numbers
this is number five thousand two hundred
and five of five thousand how many
orders can we get done in one day how
many how what's the record what's the
most orders we've gotten out of here in
one day
three thousand in one day you've done
three thousand that's insane
we can get three thousand out in one day
and we just released twenty thousand
spinners how many days is that hippie we
don't have two people to do three
thousand measures
what do you mean Liza's here I'll be
right back I'm gonna go do something
stupid donkey is about to get some work
done Empire's got to get his nails done
I see sunshine to do things are looking
up red light running into town to grab
some supplies we need styrofoam wings
like we we're going to be buying planes
and just using the way than like one
flight turn broken wings we need to find
like a bunch of thing dude I don't even
know I know one store that might have
what just talking to a camera oh we
might be in luck
we might be in luck yes boomerang didn't
wanna be how many did I say we needed
four stands for I think they have
different styles another all saying
different different color patterns
perfect that's all we need right there
boom take the wings off put it on that's
going to cut it in so the yardstick okay
you're gonna put it on the truck bro
easy a star phone like this
we gotta we can't just attach the wings
singularly to get outta here you can
just tied me to the truck because when
you try to take off they're going to be
able to move we gotta you gotta mount
them together so we got to stabilize
them with a with a yard stick or you
imagine me trying to figure this out
that way when it takes off
0:01 P so we zip tie this yeah what's up
so for a picture we're going to make it
and we're going to make a deal you gotta
you got to answer me this if I run fast
enough and I mount that to my back am I
going to be out of coast
probably not hmm I knew it see I already
dude so we're trying to just fly that
all I want to get oh my gosh
dude you know when I built that RC
tabletop the kitchen table imagine had I
known you could decorate it with many
trees and props Supercenter I was
getting so she's getting us a car do so
we're going to need I'm just going to
right now doctor yelling eat it these
are tips let's go to the zip ties dude
look at all these do it look bacon
where's that smile Mourdock saver
what says I can fly like what is the
tape this is I can fly
it is the all-american is it the gummy
bear that just keep swimming just keep
swimming I like the diamonds we close
how about checkered gosh
checkered flush I like that let's get
these two save it dude you got to save
it save it we lucked out in that store
man they got we got just about
everything we needed right now actually
I think we got everything we needed we
don't know what we need you are going to
go to change this house pick up a person
with rice you're just trying to validate
how we are going to try to mine at
chases before we go we're going to go
set up at a park set the ramp up we're
going to attempt to good you see the way
this angle fits that angle like it's
meant to be you see that look at that
that's pretty good yeah good okay so
without ever doing this before I'm just
gonna do it the way I think it will work
am I the only one that thinks my brother
Dale should be like overseeing this
whole project ahead Millie you've got
what it takes
got the next best thing though you're
right a dremel decided kind of roller Oh
we are smoke we got smoke
a couple holes in the truck like this I
think I can do I can do it I believe we
can push this ruler through oh my gosh
hold on a set like this okay so we
basically have a face for our wings
about a vein bada-boom not kidding I
could duct-tape this right now and we've
got a flying car this is probably the
hardest decision of the whole day and I
need your input
checkered flag or cost I already have my
favorite I already have my favorite
which one caution tats it at the bus it
mashes yeah it does I like it I don't
like it I mean I like it but I think I
think this should just extend all the
way I cut it too short and I have more
room for tape and we all know what's
holding thing together 7/8 look at that
8 inches on each side 8 inches on each
side look at the precision the cutting
just the tooling everything's being done
here is super professional and you can
just tell that these guys know their
stuff when you watch these video that I
know what I'm doing when you've got 8
inches on both sides
knowing that ruler 1/16 inches long
I made it 16 inches long that's the hard
part is nothing
this truly is the most important part of
the whole build is it this way just like
you I'm so confident in that tape job
right there tilt the angle duh you know
you got to counter the wing is happening
right now today super good actually I
think you're in the wrong business okay
I got to get in all right guys come on
come on you gotta admit that's a pretty
darn good job look at that know what I'm
kind of heartbroken about is one tilt on
the practice that whole wing is gonna
come off and have to redo the whole
thing and know like just pop a new wing
on look at that duct tape job look at
this it's like a butterfly dude it's
equal on this side and that side let's
do this well it's not waiting around
definitely leaning right I don't know
definitely feel like this side is
falling right the brilliant idea dude
brilliant to get this not to hit
anything ha perfect do you want to make
any predictions do you want to like
throw out any things that you think are
going to happen i'm i'm just guessing we
gonna fly today we're going to scout fly
I'm going to be the realist right and I
hit the ramp okay as soon as you hit the
ramp it's just gonna go like you take I
know nothing on it I am I gonna know god
it's not gonna know that and I think we
should start without the ramp first like
let's just drive this thing if people
can Commission to any okay what is that
for that's the top secret film here do
that's your dolly everything that we had
to use and you brought that do to every
produce and stuff like that I don't
watch me watch I don't think they do
exactly feeling it's fragile man like I
feel like we can't mess this up like one
take wonder let's just let's just start
small like I'm just gonna like just to
drive the truck like let's just let's
just drive the truck we don't have to
fly right now
so see I'm never going to break it it's
like a real plane dude you know I don't
have an RC plane here's the thing you
can buy an RC plane right and you can
fly you can buy a boat and drive a boat
but what I do is I take trucks and I
turn them into boats and planes
you just have one and all did it's like
though it's a triple threat here's the
real challenge we can set that ramp
right up over this Creek here and try to
make it to jump it I promise you all
attempt that first attempt ready oh boy
she just wants to take all geez look how
he's leaning right oh dude I think we're
gonna lift this all nervous but on the
service I like calm and ready
this is chase trying to film look at him
on that little scooter look easy
it cut off the bat right off the bat
we're getting some lean Ã¤j-- so I'm
just basically taping some sticks right
here to keep the frame up this is on the
frame so I got to keep the frame level
you know it's just basic you know frame
level nation simple mathematics duct
tape and sticks duct tape and sticks so
some people call me the plane doctor I
mean that's my name look at the level
Asian
you don't I mean look at all inflation
good deal guys don't fly but maybe with
that ramp she will fly I think we just
go right to it the wind is going this
way I think we fly into the wind yeah
yeah yeah I waste no time I'm hitting
the ramp
we got the runway lined up for what
runway 301 is clear for takeoff run
without watch the pilot for a minute for
a second
I think I think I just realized why
planes have tails because this thing
just spun like a falling helicopter with
the tail which we may be out of rig up
we do have tail you may keep it going
shakes that they definitely kind of flew
dang alright let's see what you knew
what if I just duck take this whole back
end onto it but then do you need this
then being a plane engineer I should
have known that you needed a tail that's
just part of my us bad on my part
look at you mr. flight engineers and no
shady job right here this is like life
or death you want to fly home yes and
you need me that's it it feels a deal
right here this is the caution strip
machine oh it on up pull about
aerodynamics here on that one boom yeah
you see the winds going to go up grab
the fin and viraja Lee settles down just
how it works
kisses yeah you can't lie that's pretty
awesome
oh it's all it yeah let's get her up in
the sky
you ready chase no wait this we can take
it to the next level you know I don't
know what this thing is but it probably
does let's do this let's do this baby
you gonna fly today
did you see how straightest days we
didn't we didn't spin it all it was like
a perfect lift and land no I thought it
was nose-diving but it was great right
flight number three here we go be the
strongest wings not kidding we have had
I thought this thing is going to break
first jump still the very first build
and I think we got time for one more
I just cannot believe it's alive I can't
get enough of it I can't get enough of
it launch after a lot and it is still
exactly how we started no way I may have
for once in my life built something last
period styrofoam and it's styrofoam and
duct tape dude I'm starting to think I
want to save this thing no I just keep
going where we save it for another day
there you have it guys survive death
right there
I don't know how plain that it works so
well I don't know if it works so well
what the build worked and that's that's
I'm so surprised it worked well dude it
did don't sell yourself short but what
was cooler the actual perfect fly and
land or the spirals the spirals were
accidental like that just the truck did
what it wanted to require all look cool
no one's going to have to see in slow-mo
love it now people do like extraordinary
things like like I mean maybe maybe for
somebody's like walking on the moon or
like you know just skydiving from outer
space well today I feel like I
accomplished something like I did
something with my life you know I felt
big damn it let me tell you that my
words it just me okay Tom walking on the
moon and flying our space and building
styrofoam dirty so all my dream flying
RC cars are two very different if you
did great today that that can be said
thank you thank you plate is why I
didn't fly the moon one day maybe I'll
send it or C to the moon did with the
other one wings then you might wonder
guys warping back home what a good at
fun day country is here and he comes
with a birthday president a week early
actually even more let me explain why I
got it schedule is so crazy and my
schedules been crazy I think from the
understanding our situation for next
week I don't believe I'm going to be
with you on the day your birthday so
you're not good
your gift is going to have to be open
today because I don't want you to open
it afterwards so that's why it's here
I cannot believe you brought me Tom made
that is a crazy birthday present
are you very much how did I made you
here I was watching TV in the sky like
like the best present toyota's you
target with me alright so I'm really
sure I can see what's on top right here
sweetie splinter
no candy man have to come correct on top
of sorters is this Islam in erisa
what is this
clean up ha Neverland all the way there
as it is I turned it back meat with it
oh my god don't always be your protector
yes or the tennis ball well that's my
actual dog man give me a hug
seriously that is like unbelievable how
did you make how'd you get that mean yo
- I got start wearing a chain now
countries but let me put that me where
your trap man you wear it or I could
hang it my GT on so I've never ever won
a chain in my life you know what you can
barely see it maybe it's too much with
the v-neck can it all
yeah it's just right there but I like
that it's kind of hidden right here
right there
I don't know kind of pull it off because
otherwise it's going in my and my chichi
is in my car on them on the beer
party in my bed a little rootin tootin
cowboy guys that is our vlog today thank
you so much for hanging out with us I
absolutely loved doing what we did today
was a fun project of you frog face this
space was that called we love you guys
we were is she gonna yawn is she going
to yawn on camera tonight can you look
an older boy you sent look like daddy
we are gonna say goodbye thank you so
much we love you thanks for all
everything on the support on the channel
always hitting the likes always sharing
with friends and family we are trying to
create the greatest stuff for you and
your friends and family it's all about
family family over everything we love
yet you're beautiful you're one of a
kind smile more
you
