I missed your funny face we are we're on
the plane we're leaving oh we're more
made it home my gosh it looks like
you're going to flip forward welcome to
the vlog guys it's like it's starting
off weird because we're already in
Columbus Ohio oh happy mommy cien cien
baby okay so we are back from Columbus
Ohio we made it dude good job making it
here
how's Ohio not right not right in here
lucky
yeah just mess it we're home
we burn up most of our day traveling
that time change everything it is
currently 5:47 p.m. which means half our
day is gone but we're home we're safe
we're happy that's all that matters we
want to pick up Noah right now which I'm
dynasty and hang out with Cain
hey mom is really you did really good
today what I think the whole days over
I'm going on bed night good night
peace see ya so we're going to get Noah
we're going to figure out whatever else
is in this day and I just want to say if
you've been watching for the last week
we've been in LA and most of it has been
business but I want to thank you guys
for sticking around through all that and
coming home with us and getting back on
track and back into the real-life world
of yeah at least it's sunny now we got
some from Shiloh cloud-covered
meteorologist Ramanathan here giving you
the full weather report Columbus Ohio
little cloudy partly cloudy sunny warm
there comes now I know baby you forget
about the door the door can wait what's
up mm-hmm nice haircut
men are not in your hair got my boys I
got my book that you that you can't run
go ahead know this you thought you were
taking a picture of a real you're stuck
with Daddy
then help
all right good drive good Oh somebody
missed you
somebody missed the hi class he's he's
like I didn't miss you that much he's
like let go of me hey you miss mommy
came to Jewish class I missed you too
yeah I missed I knew I would get you I
knew that we he gets so jealous I knew
if I ran he would do that the telescope
I still have never gone invested in
never got to taking it out oh you are
robbed in my back porch I see what do
you mean you'd in it there's nothing
left you even took the frame that's good
because this is going to be our new
telescope lookout point right here the
hot tub that yeah I like your idea
better in went straight I mean like
flash and okay so he's been watching
these video games on YouTube all week
like not on camera but when we're not on
camera he's literally watching video
games on YouTube so he went straight
home all you want to do was get on video
games so there you go got his wish look
at this okay all right that's Ohio but
but look at this I see the light baby
what is this thick nugget ice I used to
know gates okay this thing makes like uh
it's like a kind of dust 'real is this
see this thing so my brother mainly is
an ice night the kid since we were a
little kid would sit wherever we were it
could be 2:00 in the morning we're all
trying to sleep he have a cup of ice
just he still does it to this day so we
found this crazy ice maker did he get
one too I don't know he said he was
going to go switchblade came back if you
guys remember when we were going to
Hawaii
he accidentally had this in his backpack
going through the airport security it's
not exactly what it looks like it's a
comb right honey did it but it's a comb
I know but it's metal and it resembled
apparently it resembles a real knife so
they kept it but they did ship it back
we got it he's gonna be happy about that
does anybody have these at their house
these these little caps that go on these
poles and they fall off every single day
they're on the ground every single time
I walk by Britt so we have superglue of
not doing anything to superglue these
two this pull duct tape anything I have
to literally if I come back and this is
on the ground one more time look this
one's hole off so much that it's broken
now well you took half the stuff out
babe interesting one of us I'm still
with us I hope it like sits on the
counter like blow back out so it'll be
careful I'll tell you stories about how
much my brother likes ice but we got an
ice maker what I have to do with
anything
I mean I like to eat I know I know but
like I told the story is this like hey
we got this for my brother he loves ice
but it's not that we bought it for us
and I told him a story about their
liking ice that's it no that's a long
time but I should have bought that one
no we shouldn't might Dale Overstreet
and set this off you gotta go said a
donkey we got to shout there he's
raising on this beautiful green grass
the yard look how green yard is guys I
wonder if you could see my yard last
week in the vlogs that would be a great
comparison because if I doesn't look
anything different now but I bet even a
week ago this was like a way lighter
green trees are blooming look at that
trees are blooming it's all man it's
about to be nice once and for all
oh hi oh you're coming back if I see the
moon
I'm grabbing that telescope I'm setting
it all up and I will spend the entire
night till the Sun comes back up trying
to get one great photo
no please report to the kitchen please
report to the kitchen you just want to
make game video yeah hey Kings got
something for you oh it came out yeah hi
he knows wow that was sweet
we are we're gonna check in on our wild
donkey we look for this was that too far
no everyone grow that fast
that's like sick oh look at that
sunshine it's been nice
Oh Oh No
you see it the moon
yeah I'm so excited right now
you're totally looking at that moon
tonight me and you baby candles flowers
telescope Empire I'm gonna get you some
treats boy I'm gonna get you some treats
what's up buddy
come on let's go get some treats let's
go get some look at that you missed me
huh
Oh baby we have to call the mud guy you
have to get the mud guy out here to fix
that clothes my boy out I'll give you
one to class so he's like he's the one
that fully understands what street is
he's like I want it I'm in I'm ready if
you're just tuning in to this channel
today's your first day you're probably
wondering why the heck you to have a
donkey and the answer is I don't know I
really don't there you go there you go
bloody but he's cool he's really awesome
to have around I love this dude man he
has so much personality he's like yep I
want that grain give me thy knob to get
it try splash Tony dad he does know that
so many from the time we just did that
the moon's gone I mean gone gone I mean
one two this why is it like this is
would a serious what are they
surprise surprise puppy surprise how
many puppies uh you know what that's
wrong do you remember that you I'm crazy
crazy about you so Britney's mom already
left but I need to thank her because she
took my GTR and had it extreme okay you
guys know I always show you this always
filthy dirty I can write on it it's
never been that clean I don't think was
this clean when I when I got the car and
we had new tires and brand-new tires
because it was down to the wires guys I
don't even know down to the wires
probably from the drag strip and they're
only supposed to be good for 8,000 miles
and they are freaking expensive Hulu I I
don't know how it translates but this
thing I think you could eat off this car
brand-new wheels all baby we got to take
a ride on the wild side here is one of
the coolest things about this paint so
when you see a GTR this color is known
because it has gold flake in it and you
don't know that like if you just looked
at this car you wouldn't know but when
the car is this clean you see the gold
flake look at that it's like sparkles
can't really see it on camera except up
close so that's why this color is I
think among the most rarest GTR colors
and it has that gold flake in it anyway
it's free and clean I'm excited too it's
been bad it's been as member guys kind
of nice when we leave now like there's
so many family members like doing things
to like help us out and also earn money
and like it's just it's pretty good
trade-off right now actually does it all
I just tell them you plan it all but
like you wouldn't I don't think you
would have plan that if I was home no
gonna be mine one day so we don't know
that it's not confirmed that can't be I
can't be confirmed all right we're going
to we're going to bust this up ice maker
out because everybody like I I built we
need to music
something enough to do do do do do do do
do do do sport know that I in case you
haven't noticed I'm happy to be home
excited feel good in travel days of the
worst because not only when you're going
like let's say you're going on vacation
you're so excited but coming home you're
like it's kind of back to reality it's
like I don't know it's the rough so when
you're coming home it's once you get
home is really really relieving exciting
and just thankful and it's really heavy
yes like three four hundred pounds how
much cute oh I just hope it likes it
wait no it's not going to fit there no
wet well maybe you get my messenger baby
measure that baby up you know if it
doesn't I can just probably remove these
counters lift them up is it gonna fit
you think a minute I hope yeah I'm not
kidding it looks like this built for our
cabinet but oh oh my goodness okay in
fish actually I would put it in this
morning or this yeah for sure your
children absolutely do you know how do
you get water in me um office iPhones
about 20 I see important there let me
get the instructions honey don't do the
instruction being the voices rocked out
some serious trampoline time I'm
completely winded out of breath out of
shape is the proper term uh here's the
thing
yeah buddy so you're dropping me like
launching you the point of me bringing
the camera out was I was going to
explain that the moon is out but we have
a pretty crazy cloud coverage so I think
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
bring the scope out because first of all
I'm desperate I got this thing like I've
never got to use it ever and it's must
be really fun so I'm going to bring it
out here just in case we get any clear
coverage even if it's for ten minutes
it's going to be worth it to me to get
this thing out so my launch of kids real
quick and then we're gonna do it
yeah you carry on I think only the
camera what's up okay guys I can't make
this up from the time I got the scope
out to now it's crystal clear outside
dude I'm so excited right now okay so
there's a little bit of a setup and we
have to find right now we're trying to
center Cyrus which is if you can see in
the camera probably not it's that star
right there you ready to have your mind
blown looks at it yep that's our moon
dude oh my gosh someone walking from it
is un-freakin'-believable
oh my gosh Lester you guys these please
come here you guys see this oh my god is
that the most coolest thing ever
oh you're awesome to flash I know you
jealous of the telescope you could see
someone walking on them I got all the
DSLR package to hook my actual cannon up
to this thing I haven't got it out I'm
gonna try to do it tonight for you guys
though oh my god this is the greatest
thing ever I am so happy I got this I
know this part obviously I know nothing
about and I got it for you guys so that
I could try to capture what we see
through the scope which gosh dude I
can't wait to show you this if I can
pull this off hopefully I got everything
I got my old very old canon DSLR
uncovered probably really bad and then I
got these tearing adapters which mount
to where the eyepiece is look at the sky
oh man it's like meant to be tonight
guys you saw the weather like it was
terrible it's so far pretty
self-explanatory I got these mounts that
are going to go on basically screw onto
my camera and then this is going to take
place to that viewfinder okay I got the
stores a little bit now it's more
magnified on the scope look at this
holy cow I am so obviously it better
with the tutor no I'm yeah we're gonna
do a giant moon photo in here from our
telescope yes so I'm just like learning
the ISOs and stuff you gotta adjust for
the lighting out here in the darkness
I'm going to do a video time-lapse for
you guys right now of the moon this will
be my first attempt so bear with it
I don't even know how to set the camera
up right yet this is just my first go at
it with the photos a freaking awesome I
can't wait to blow it up here we go okay
I can't make this up at the most
exciting point watch I'm going to show
you watch it not do it this time but
watch okay I'm getting a card read error
during the coolest thing I've ever done
on this channel okay so I go I was doing
the time-lapse I get a read error on my
camera now I'm trying to put it in a
computer but watch what it says just
watch don't believe me just watch ten
are access reinsert change card format
with camera dude I had like the greatest
shot ever dude I hadn't space aliens
like zapping at me no I'm doing it it's
resistant and I'm trying to share with
you honestly I was like this is the
easiest thing ever I'm going to be able
to do the coolest photos and videos for
you guys this is so easy and in my
camera from the coop have you seen what
Graham loop and electronics of mineral
never how many I try my best to get this
card to like work so I can film for you
guys I was in or set a separate card
reader it looked like it was going to
work but then it shut off I'm just sad
right now good alright guys I literally
have to start from scratch which is
crazy it might not seem like much but
I've been out here a long time in fact
I've moved the unit all the way down
here because the porch every footstep is
like an earthquake so I moved it onto
concrete which is the best thing for it
but it's better than that porch so
let's try this again
okay guys so what you just watch was my
first ever ever time-lapse of the moon
going by and we can see that even the
wind the slightest wind is where you get
the vibration from so if you've seen a
shake or anything like that that's just
the wind actually moving this thing but
we're actually just watching it are so
friggin amazing I'll get better but for
now I think it's so good
obviously I'm super excited I gotta get
this stuff out of the span because every
time I go to turn on the light of wrong
one
always and there's a USB cord in there
you can hear it and there's the baby's
balloon still blonde you think that will
still be brought up on the baby's born
strap that thing anywhere - first of all
thank you coming home with us from Los
Angeles I hope you enjoyed the telescope
stuff I'm going to get better at the
photos are insane I just sent them to
like my friends and they said it's
Google Images 100% those are fake Google
Images don't believe me the only way I
can prove it is to put things in the wok
because people are going to think it's
fake my mind's blown like this photo I
got is oh my gosh like dude I can't wait
for that kind of stuff there's like
super moons where they're like double
size
you guys will all be always beat my
witness on the moon photos I'm going to
tweet one as this blog goes up go sort
some love actually I'll show you now
you know it's on my penguin and on and
I'm turn this thing on time you turn
this bad boy on this is my favorite
photo ever I'm going to tweet it oh yeah
it is
oh we're to go really there it is I know
why blog cameras not doing it justice
but just look at the look at the spots
and then go to my Twitter and show that
picture some love it's the greatest
photo I've ever done
take you guys so much we will see you
tomorrow 10 vlogs in a row so that's
that super awesome feels good thank you
guys for everything you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile off
you
