welcome to the war got dry terrible time
to start this right the silence start
can always get worse you know every time
I see a siren of any sort my mind goes
it can always be worse because wherever
that's going you don't want to be at
probably I hope you guys are having a
wonderful day hope you're feeling good
let's get this blog started I'm
returning the camper unfortunately I can
get really used to this like I'm pretty
sure I can put my family in here and
just go like just go don't map
nothing just go and just drive and sleep
now that is something I've never seen
elbow on a forklift here she goes we're
gonna miss it
his dog is gone Jeff would you say are
you ready a violin you know what is he's
so expense
okay that one is awesome but I think
everyone if I was going to purchase to
make that kind of purchase it would be
one that costs way too much it's not I
mean like but I want that in that night
and then it's like way out of way out of
budget like we'll just suite that thing
is look at that wow I love the blue moon
that's not camping though honey and
why's it called a camper then it's
called an RV oh especially on my team
backing up um are we going
he had it for you ready for the water
come on here we go
whoa we're gonna fill it all the way up
all right guys this part of the vlog is
that wait for it to brighten what is
this thing - uh what is this here we go
perfect we're going to need baking soda
rubber gloves just so peroxide and more
peroxide I got it if you guys will watch
this blog flash our dog our Huskies been
sprayed by a skunk and now no matter how
much time - its brand it just doesn't
come out it didn't a/c it thinks you
know you're driving your car and you're
like cool that's a skunk
now imagine being right next to wherever
that smells going wrong is that it's
rough we've got the remedy we're going
to teach you right now here we go
one quart hydrogen peroxide hit me with
it from here on in you put on the table
see if it'll fit about good thing you
measured it the whole bottles ones work
all right I'll quarter a quarter baking
soda 1/4 a water quarter cup baking soda
this is the tricky part the ingredients
is science in this tricky part actually
washing flash either while I'm nothing
to do with this hey Walt
let me a challenge look look look look
what whoa that's perfect
job these ingredients according to this
website is good for 30 to 50 50 pound
off so if you just you just add less if
you have a smaller load or more if you
have a bigger dog but that's it that's
going to take a skunk you're gonna wet
and then put this on no you just can't
do them up
Velma here's the next real thing how are
you gonna get flashtool tranquilizer
dart like how you going to get him to
chill this is two days in a row and put
rubber blog home what's I hear there's
extra small maybe having hands those are
small why do we have small globe who is
mine wait we need that Pink Panther song
do you you don't think he'll come to you
get my baby with me oh my gosh good boy
he's like Oh totally equality
cooperating cooperating we're gonna take
the invisible female off some of the
baby well here babysit Oh God Oh
okay sit good boy I had a burger boy
look at the tree oh you smell so bad
he seems to really be liking it no good
I thought he's gonna just take off I
mean I got I got it but you're not
really
hope you didn't join it we haven't like
loved on him for a couple days because
he stinks so bad oh I'm not gone oh hey
are we washing how money is so bad now
doing so good
this is Sophie little doggies look at
him you don't realize how tiny he really
is so he's standing next to me who is
all wet these crazy guys take it he's
crazy I don't like what you do you don't
stink no more what's wrong with you
hush you all cleaned are you freaking
out what happened to me what happened to
me
Donnelly's I I not want to do what you
just did uh-huh you feel better you look
better you smell better come on you're
gonna come out play Emperor wants to
play flash you got come out from there
he can't fit look at that look at him
friendship goals right there he wants to
come on everybody kick our stink test
stink test huh yes
yes melon oh you know this little mother
Oh No
I worked so hard on him Wow
no come on all that hard working you
still seeing flesh what am I gonna do
what don't look at me like that it's
your fault you don't want playing with
skunks how old is old first coming up
all that work all that work not not dog
still thinking how I stink I don't know
what to do the only thing we haven't
tried is like vinegar types of vinegar
I remember when Zeus got spray box
coming I feel like we did use some type
of vinegar I'm at the reload no matter
what he's better but it still stinks and
now I can't get it off ah you think you
can beat me no I'm pretty good at it I'm
not gonna lie okay guys I got a new game
for you guys called dancing likes
addictive game helped you escape reality
for a few minutes the music is awesome
it's actually really addictive here we
go watch this okay you think you can
beat me I think you can let's do it
so here's how you play crank it up
because the music's awesome ready to
listen to the music you go by the beat
she's like you're creating music ready
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba here we go he's
easy right
oh just wait for it boom boom pop up you
thought of happy people
ba-ba-ba-ba ready idiot serious here we
go ready for the job
huh so Constantine
oh yeah alright not going to I play that
on a lot that's level one it's harder
way harder hit me with your dance lines
Gil oh I think you did better than me on
the first time here you go so
concentrate yes okay so you enjoy your
day here we go oh I think she can beat
you mommy thinks she can beat you with
it I don't think I can yes wanna thank
you rap
get it get it if you didn't go with the
beat then just hit it when the beat
there you go there you go you saw y'all
imagine this one what is that I do me
I'm gonna doing Harvick now in first
coming I'm finding them out okay this
one so hard on each other some 7% here
we go
just gotta go to that beat ready
no no battery I'm on it hmm okay there
big house then it won't work
games like mine let it be my so it
starred I'm really good at this
unlike beef it's because I don't even
look like I'm on the beat I think you
can close your eyes and literally now
I'm just feel it you just feel it oh
look at my boy
look at my boy right I'm going to remix
it okay
that is dancing line guys go check this
game out it's totally free I'll put the
link in my description click it download
it tell me how far you can get in what
levels you can be I have honestly honest
truth only fully beat in the first level
I've gotten pretty far in a second but
it gets tricky check it out guys it's
free and it's fun have some cons really
one more thing you've got to fill me I
got I got an actual challenge besides up
where you can make it ready okay illness
now I'm going to do this with knives
ready one suppressor trying to tell me
you am screamed
okay today I got it ready for real for
real okay
I couldn't hear it
I can not believe you're doing that feel
like people are gonna say it's so faint
nothing
hold your thing
yeah
all right you got to beat me no eyes no
eyes I know I can be better than that
seriously though give it a try do with
your family do with your friends that's
a fun fun game we are going to do
something what is it why you already
look like you're done for the day
why are you are you a go ahead we're
starting at beautiful weather and I'm
starting to lose my woman my lady my
girl my everything you're so pregnant
now you do any good I swear flash I
don't know what to say buddy I don't
know if you can be in here honestly come
here buddy
blast he's like please please ah come
here flash come on I'll take care of it
come on me and you come on really want
another round of it your hair is just
literally flowing it definitely didn't
make it worse you just haven't smelled
it for a while cleaning it out guys I'm
just being honest we need help with this
dog it won't come out
like mobile grooming units will come out
you should call and say hey my dog got
hit with a skunk like slapped my skunk
hard I feel like when this used to
happen to Zeus we could get it out but
flash is like maybe it's a thicker fur I
don't know guys I need help with this
flash needs help with this not me he's
got so much for he's like he's like
worse than Zeus was
really I think Zeus was number two he's
like how had you guys been doing me on
David kind of feels nice yeah look at
that you that pile that just came off
Wow
I think you're putting him to sleep he's
falling asleep that's funny
just basic super nice out for the next
month like I have a feeling it's going
to be more of me and maybe the kids cuz
Bren is like as much as she says she's
not she's just getting to where she's
kind of like I'm just gonna sit here and
wait for this baby to not a bad thing I
mean she's doing what she's supposed to
be doing but as far as like
entertainment goes for you guys I feel
like you know it's going to be a more
little over than mazuma that being said
today I want to try to land something on
my bike I've been trying random tricks
the 360 with Adam the countertop jump I
did it I did the 360 and today I don't
know what this trick saw but it's
basically where I do a 180 and then I
180 back I don't know what's gonna
happen here we go Britney was like I'll
film for you awesome free baby I didn't
know where my camera oh okay okay okay
I don't even know if I'm in the camera I
know I can do this flash whoa that was
close that was close my friends let's
face what I'm going for
keep that foot down keep that foot okay
I get this trick Ryan Williams has to
come out Willie you gotta come out and
help me learn how to ride bikes bro I
need some honey some skills some tight
skills here except to sell my only good
this one truck yeah first oh now you
come out I just met
I just mastered my skills that's the
best I got first try baby you've been
out here to our six my only real
audience member right there what are you
smelling fresh
about yourself he's always good I feel
like so much better honey
oh my BMXers out there what's it oh dang
look you're getting you some use out of
our rams hey I couldn't do that so it
impresses me so the other day when we
went camping my cousin's boyfriend was
on the one-wheel and got hurt right
before he got hurt she said old people
wear metal you better watch it Connie
old people wear metal yeah whoa right
into the truck I ride metal and pyre you
come in to see what daddy's doing Oh
like what if you doing I think you
scared impire anybody I'm just going to
casually he's like I just want to spit
at the top and then I'll be happy if
you're gonna do okay I can't do it all
I'm trying to do you can't stop saying
you can't there's a 1080 you can't
handle bar spin with a Philistine I
can't just say you can like you nope
nope that's it he needs main steel oh I
need a respirator oxygen and a weigh-in
in the winter it's so hot you're so
sunny in Oaxaca you just saved the day
cause he was starving starve and she
brought us chicken Kings actually eating
it like a maniac hi he likes chicken you
like Cara ladies I've never seen him
either like this we haven't eaten for
days
anything that are this low this should
be the biggest load this plane is ever
held ever oh oh I only think my plane
can lift it from I'm gonna left oh no we
love try go we gotta go in there man oh
oh I forget just barely made it whoo
are you practicing before the baby comes
along teaching him how he has to be baby
girl wow this is lesson is life lessons
this type B babies come see me feed me
plant come on dude let's do it let's do
it
time to get the crazy Empire into his
little barn flesh you look good dude
I mean you look great what you think who
where he is or who they should be or his
body so every morning before donkey
comes out of his barn flash sleeps at
his door and we're thinking about
putting a doggy door right here like a
small door that flash could actually
hang out with donkey the whole night I
think it's a good idea I'm just worried
about like you think like a Dracula come
in here like possible in your lungs you
think donkey was just knocking out yeah
you'd be good well flashes in here
there's no way yeah what the skunk got
in that's all for today guys thank you
so so so much for hanging out with us um
it is absolutely crazy the support we
get on this channel and look at her okay
how are you going to make it another
month honey you got a lot you're not
we're going to get through this guys
this is I'm telling you the longest wait
you ever experienced in your entire life
is having a child it is like 9 this is
like 9 10 months but it feels like 9 10
years it's like so cool we love you guys
so much thanks for being here with us
and life has been so much more fun with
you guys and we love you we're blessed
to have you
we'll see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
smile more
you
