oh it is beautiful out here welcome to
the vlog guys welcome to Los Angeles we
have like one day left here we're going
to go on an adventure today something
fun something different something fun
something different something ticklish
good let's do it that's fast fast
yeah it is not me
always you Brittany and I've been
picking on each other you know when
you've been together eight years you
eventually start picking on each other
you know you love each other to death
like do anything for each other but
someday I love you she's been saying I
had coffee today so I'm like irritated
but I think main part not my chapter
like of course it is more well I mean I
guess one more problem
oh geez we got another thing to take up
that's what I meant I didn't mean like
of course you're breaking down yeah
welcome to the vlog we are headed out to
get some different type of vlogging
today we're trying to get out get a low
adventure maybe some hiking of hurt slow
down slow dive had coffee but I have it
we have heard that there's a there's
waterfalls there's some private beaches
we're going to try to find it just kind
of get out explore a little bit of
different part of La rather than the
city that we're not really good we're
not good at being city people we're
country people so we want to get out to
the land it's not like she was not how
do you know that's not even funny not
even telling here's the the famous GTA
house you know straighten about vlogs -
is that like things can change without
you ever knowing it like a second ago
there was nobody in the backseat McCain
now Alex and Andrea disappeared it's
like magic vlogging like what else
happens you have no idea this is match
we can pass time and in a do things of
that you nothing kind of weird actually
so we're headed out I don't know exactly
we're going to use an Alex because he's
like you can listener areas where you
grow up Brooklyn born and raised in that
way you live in Malibu yeah you've
really experienced kind of the hard time
Malibu's Most Wanted Jamie Kennedy still
such a good movie and we're just headed
up trying to find something fun to do so
beaten this traffic traffic looking for
my chap straight okay getting to a place
called Paradise Cove and restaurant cafe
gang building Legos getting a little cup
to drink we got eaten for we go on this
adventure because it's like twenty
thirty mile hike something like that 33
degrees I pretty sick but he's probably
going to give birth on this hike it says
that's actually we haven't had at the
end of the hike I actually had I gave
birth like three and a half times any of
the water bird yes the water which is
right up our alley so first nothing we
said serious right now we're going to
eat something and apparently this place
ruin right it was a two-hour wait we've
been waiting for two hours to get in
here - an hour and 45 minutes not up you
ever seen a calamari dish right where
you are
big fat straw such as calamari oh you
see this little leg those are octopus
legs or squid or what do you weigh
actual calamari with right yeah yeah I
mean it looks like an octopus with its
wit you want one
all right look at Pat let me pass the
boring stuff of course I'm fine dude no
more sitting eatin calamari he's quite
even open there so there's a we're
looking for little surf shops again oh
right there
dude I just ran in here to find keen a
boogie board and I have been wanting to
do this so bad it's a surfboard with a
jet motor check out like a jet ski I get
a better view out here look at it this
it's a friggin surfboard that is powered
as a motor dude I want to do it so that
is that it like a single skateboard whoa
oh my gosh I can't stand beside it okay
look how big this board is biggest
skateboard ever I'm thinking it is
hollow did you see my six feet I'm only
like five nine Nancy you're
immediately see six six actually fitted
alright buddy we got him aboard we got
them a little wet suit because the water
on its weird it's beautiful here and
it's warm here but the water is so cold
and I'm sure be able to live your don't
think it's cool but for us it's really
really cold water so are you excited I
know you even want to do this so much
and you have a de les use this for your
first one but I'm a little used board
here all right guys we have made it to a
sumo beach it's the place I've always
wanted to come never been in some
surfers down there and now we got cable
or wetsuit what is it Oh
pretty cool as that sheet surfers all
over sweet we're just gonna play me an
are going to play right here I'm not
really set up for it but yes you make
the best of it
mommy's building her little nest over
here a little beach nest we're worried
so why don't you want to take your socks
off look what does it look for what does
that look for Oh what we're doing over
here boy will be building aa sand castle
Oh
big wave wow this is the moment I want
keen to experience the temperature of
this water remember we've been in kind
of nice warm places I leave up the water
here I don't know how to explain it how
would you describe somebody that lives
here how do you describe the water here
that's excite one ISIL on earth now you
can still get used to it because if you
just go numb yeah here comes here it
goes
whoo they're gone
come on you a few closer closer there
you go are you ready all right my little
man's braver than me he's like ready
like I'm going to put my suit on I'm
going it's gonna be tough to get in it's
supposed to get it's supposed to be hard
to get on so that it's tight cane that's
his arm get your hole I peed you
actually you can do it cane there you go
your little skinny jeans on start all
public this is sodium
you want to dance
that's our daddy looks like getting his
skinny jeans on in the morning you leave
me my jeans does it I really didn't come
prepared at all I have my my jeans are
actually so tight at the bottom that I
can't roll them up any further like
that's it
I know I know all right you regular
little wet let's do a little bit it's
coming for us
I think it's coming oh you don't got
what it takes ocean they come on Oh
pretty cool right are you going you
can't just leave me bring this together
yeah dude I like your thinking I like
your thinking you just oh you want me to
pull you do it test whoo that's actually
pretty awesome
all right I like this is fun
here we go no no no no don't down it it
it
you're gonna spin whoa okay ready here
we go this is so cute
it's like Robin has a little dog on a
string is taken for a walk
by the way this water is like so
ice-cold this looks
you guys are just like a silhouette
because of the Sun just like a little
family
oh you really did perfect I'm gonna get
it get it get it yes nice okay I've got
it - I look so far oh it's weird each
scene either looks like it's dark out or
it's bright out depending on which way
the camera is going it looks like if I
was over here it looks like it's getting
dark
I can't even see the screen actually
Kings back here playing with Alex and
Andrea Brittany and I are just like we
really don't get much alone time on this
trip so then this is a nice little
five-minute session that's just chilling
hanging out sitting on the beach
enjoying the Sun and just watching the
surfers are awesome so far really nice
some day and tomorrow it all begins
again back to the grind and then we get
to go home now what are you doing
digging so you can hug a dog it's weird
that Kane's over here and you're digging
over here I won't see
okay so I got these gold coins and I put
them in this hole and I'm going to have
to mean this come help me dig see what
he does okay remember quick y'all help
me dig
oh okay
Oh
the best reaction ever I wasn't here I
feel like you yo here's the crazy part
there was three goodbye beautiful ocean
maybe the last ocean we see on this trip
that is so okay we're walking back to
the hotel and we had to do most you know
if you follow these last few days that
our trip was only supposed to be two
days along the whole thing was two days
quick business in and out back home but
way to keep postponing we had a flight
for Friday we missed because we need
meetings we have flight for Sunday we
had to postpone now we have a flight for
Tuesday so long story short al lost or
tau
most back long story short we packed
enough clothes for like two things so we
had no clothes we had to do laundry at
that hotel today and look what they did
became swarthy
there's our socks and underwear in a box
it is so funny basically you you give
the hotel a bag of dirty clothes and
they do your laundry and it's very
expensive we've never ever done it until
today because we had nothing to wear it
probably would have been cheaper to buy
a new outfit than to do the laundry it's
crazy it's like 15 dollars for a t-shirt
one t-shirt yeah fifteen dollars yeah I
go to HSN like eight dollars for my
t-shirt you know like covered in sand
and dirty from the beach we're going to
shower
warm up and
looking over here is this it's a lot
water kion Before we jump to conclusions
is this cane it is this for washing the
toilet when you're done or this for like
cleaning your bumbum I wonder just I
don't know I don't know maybe you guys
know it
I guess if it was for anything else it
and be kind of I don't know if I want
anyway we're going to we're going to all
get cleaned up
settle in figure out the rest tonight
we'll be right back all right well that
was quick we're getting all settled in
it's a little bit look at Jane's little
bed set up right beside ours so awesome
pyaara we're going to call it a day guys
thanks for hanging out with us thanks
for being so positive and so awesome and
always reminding yourself how important
you are we love you so much we will see
it tomorrow it feels so good to be
uploading daily we've been kind of on
track which feels great especially with
being out here in LA and doing so much
work tomorrow it's freaking me out
because I got so much to do man I'm like
tempted to just bring you along with me
but then I'm gonna realize then you're
gonna realize how miserably boring that
blog would be so maybe I just don't know
well no promises yeah we've never had a
really cool blog so if we do be the
first one we love you guys so much thank
you so so so much for everything
see you tomorrow beautiful you are one
of a kind smile more
you
