all right hey guys welcome to the vlog
Akane welcome to the vlog other way
there's the other way sure - oh you
shutting it up you shutting us down
alright now it's just you and me I was
gonna get out of our mobile home ball
house
it opened it opened welcome to the hall
guys we are just our day if you watch
yesterday we got a mobile home RV camp
site camper machine this is it
so yeah we're starting day 2 and our van
/ camper which looks like we party
pretty hard we did it there was no party
and it's just what it looks like with
kids and family running around in here
so you guys know I have to have a fan to
sleep and I forgot my plug in one that I
just got so thick he had this Britney's
mom had this our camper sound like it
was taking off like it was flying all
night geez oh gee that don't look safe
that don't look safe yo is that
certified branch right there at all dude
that's like a one-inch branch dude inch
and a half bro oh my gosh so odd a tree
let's go because a goofy gain wants to
try upper-body go and go got it got it
go spider-man climb climb you get to the
top I'll give you a candy bar yep oh you
better get some speed it's a big hill
Dunn's antenna done we are headed to
there's like a little cancer which I
hope to get some fishing poles I got the
one wheel out which I have never charged
this one fully so I hope died where you
going come on little buddy you can do it
- we just did a circle we're back where
we started
this is our site we did not end up with
the store we're lost
there was this where's the store you
were talking about yeah oh you gotta go
that way all we're just doing I just
keep doing circles
none of this this does look promising
did this path go somewhere has to dude I
am really maximizing the one-wheel right
now when every
we're on it that's good Park job dude
yours the only one not standing up down
the store did you guys left us go back
here and survival mode we had to eat off
the land oh gosh toys I guess so toys
and I have ice cream oh man hey I'll go
this is my friend no you bring your
wallet no we can you're proficient stuff
you guys are looking at flashlights and
ice cream I would do the same thing no
these are actual bamboo fishing poles no
real you think you can catch a fish with
that there that's your challenge for the
day alright let's go let's go we just
left with so much we look at your hat
cane think sweet
wait I know we got fishing poles raccoon
hat popsicles slime of some sort for you
mr. raccoon how is it coming by hmm good
call huh
you guys ready for some fun there what
you get terrified you guys gonna make it
this piece of cake up here I'm not even
stuck it's actually a big hill but you
can't tell all right we're on the move
even though it's camping trip we still
got a jeep chase brothers Jeep and we
are we're in a hunt for fishing license
you get a fishing license here to fish
dink above the age of 14 of 16 I'm not
sure but we're definitely over that age
we gotta go get our license and I hope
there's a place right up this road
this place looks promising open sign
maybe they do bait tackle that was
dead no bait no fissionables
and no fishing license welcome all
fishermen there we go this looks really
promising
yeah and they got bait all right we're
about to do some fishing
look at this light in here all right
look dude we got all kind of stuff god I
I know exactly what we got here this is
strange power
tinkers wait swivel for an amateur what
should I be fishing for today with my
kid like a 12 year old anything anything
not eight year old cool big catfish what
what do you use in like what do you
using like what's best a worm Oh have
you ever tried corn yeah yet does it
work yeah I kind of want to try that my
dad swears by carp yeah that's what he
said it's good hot dog really doesn't
need anything yeah look at this back
here dude
this is for bait like you can use this
to piss with oh I'm too soft I'm too
soft for fishing too
I'd say we're ready to take these kids
fishing now the only thing I need my dad
swears by canned corn literally pop a
can of corn open and you just feed it
onto your hook and I've never kind of
fish this way so my goal to that very
first time so my goal today catch a fish
on canned corn
plus the kids will love putting corn on
a hook there's nothing gross about that
hey buddy you ready do some fishing
let's do it you know how cool is this
place man this is awesome
this is really cool man that's a Dylan
is this the damn Dylan damn time for a
little father-son bonding time family
friends this is going to be great well
nobody gets a hook in the head I've seen
that happen I've actually seen that
happen somebody swing a hook back went
to cast and it went right in the back of
the head whoa this is pretty cool down
here it's awesome is probably snag City
is that you attractive fishes scare the
fish do it do it till you can float
across the water with that thing game we
are going to attempt today to catch a
fish on sweet corn guys I got
no-salt-added I have no idea if it
should be salty and I'm sorry I'm
guessing that this is non-gmo so it's
good to come to the dark side : I'm
thinking I'm taking your boys chase to
come into the corny side ready to see
what happens is we're going to be fail
City it could be that it's definitely a
trend in my blogs for sure
that's one for the worm you were using
worms that's 114 worms I'm out here
fishing down in this little alley
I already got team one team worm right
here beating team corn I got enough time
you've got a hit as number two team worm
oh yeah it's hard enough to get one now
I got to get to even tying yeah you're
cool you got that report we got worm no
I was so excited
ah that's three for worms dude ah you
know I can always blame it on the kids
making too much noise over here I don't
know if I really want to make excuses
we've been that is just not a fisherman
is he how are you kneeling dude
this is this is a team corn is dying out
here yeah I need to I need some support
I need more poles in the water we need
more teammates out there because right
now we're outnumbered son we're all
numbers
and they're lining this beach team worm
owns this Beach right now Kings now
swimming completely look at it okay
pletely underwater all and hmm I'll get
a line out come on let's go let's go
team up boy team up how'd you catch that
dude that's 114 lure right there
team lure ha ha have any idea how far
that is you know how far that is
yeah your eyes deceive you my friend I
like it okay all right he's gonna
stumped us from that whole Lake did you
have no idea how far that is
I like that dog to that building good
luck good luck papa we're taking fishing
to the next level we're going to hook it
to the drone and then we're going to
drive it way out drop her bait way out
there
this is PCP know-how okay so even if we
hang it here how you gonna drop it yes
this is like a nosedive battle no we're
going to do that going to put a loop on
here take it out and then when he gets
out there rotate it backwards and pull
it the drum backwards and we'll slide
this fly it out back forward you're
going to turn the drone and you'll be
able to pull the loop off right easy
peasy
oh my gosh dude okay you know that your
drums on the lifeline right now you
break it you buy it
okay make sure your line is completely
out already and actually give yourself a
little bit of flap we got a big juicy
worm on here what we'll do we got a
bobber and he's going to run this out as
far as our string oh yeah
yes here we go were taking the bait out
she's going
yeah that looks awesome this is going
out keep it on that string on man oh
you're gonna be out of strings so fast
whoa
you drop it yeah well there it is Motel
clothes we ran that almost empty all
right now we gotta catch a fish while we
wait for the drone to to catch something
Cain and I are on a mission
I'm not gonna lie we have a worm on our
string right now so we're going to try
and catch a fish because teen corn lost
officially didn't even get a single bite
and the worms have been killing us so
get it this buddy okay I think you've
got one come on with the drone is that
from the drone oh there we go there we
go
that's a blue marlin Cain as a blue
marlin tell you oh wow that's Papa's
first one right there he's pretty girl
good by Cain fine by kilo buddy
back to the deep blue get him dude get
it all he's in your lawn oh oh get him
buddy
uh-oh here we go Cain's fish we got him
oh yeah it's a little striper ready we
mean small finger
good job son I went on there yes dude
good job there he is
Oh his name's Jerry already named him
okay all right there you go grab the
stringer here I get a picture of you say
geez well we had a great time and that's
going to end our little fishing trip
this place so beautiful guys Dylan damn
if you ever want to come here just a
great place for the family kids fishing
was fun
why mice not a breath huh happy because
my goal was to catch one fish necessary
right at the end boom baby come to the
edge of this rock so
I can't hold you why do you refuse to
come to this rock baby I promise it's
safe now let me hold you that i'm dinah
dinah time to time baby we're in love
we're in love on the edge of this rock
Marilla
well it's dinnertime at the campsite and
I mean dinner time yeah you killed it
this is this isn't the nicest campsite
I've ever seen and I always go that way
dude you going all the way up
no little monkey whoa you're gonna eat
all that you'll be making I have to have
you to gob you happy that everyone real
would you just get to half the stakes to
stake out one mine won't have to be an
exchange okay
listen your feet you're eating for two
now baby eat up eat it okay my gosh I
got Sun today
look at my face why you're dying is that
it a little tired because I'm just tired
of food just not you guys yes some do I
went to the horse barn just ate a ton of
food we're all stuff we're gonna go out
probably play some more night games ah
really
yeah they've been playing laser tag kids
are having such a good time we this was
such an awesome idea good job on that
was your idea wasn't my idea I know it's
we're just a baby around here playing
this game and you have to shoot from
wherever you get the ball you can't move
your guy you gotta shoot 15 seconds okay
oh all right wherever you get it you got
a shoe boom oh oh oh I'm close what is
he doing what you know we're making full
court shots King got three I've got 3x
no God no no oh you have to try this
game with this you don't even need the
controller all you can do is a and ax
here we go this is it get it curry get
it curry oh not even close hit it from
there
get it shoot it here it Oh
shoot oh here we go here we go
does your button there goes in there we
go we are calling it a very fun day
awesome yeah real quick oh yes I note
you're thinking what is that for I might
tell you what it's for worst design in
the whole world and apparently most
campers have them this when the Sun
comes up looks like I woke up to
somebody shining a bright light in my
face it like magnifies light it's
probably great during the day for normal
use but I sleep while the sun's still
coming up so it was uh it's crazy that
in your say Shelley your name I should
just go follow me thank you guys so much
for joining us we will see you tomorrow
we have had a great time yoga time
oh yes you said yes
what you're saying is no now everything
you know you have a good time yes honey
have a good time we love you guys need
ammo you're beautiful you're one of a
kind more he's gonna get off my bed with
those dirty clothes on boy busted busted
oh wait
you
