look at this oh my gosh it's beautiful
welcome to the vlog guys hope you are
having a wonderful day we are just
getting our started like yesterday I
skipped all them how long have I been
going to it's been a long day again all
day skipping past meetings getting right
to just us together as a family and we
are headed to do actually something fun
today something adventurous something
exciting you ready to see some crazy
cards dude these are like next-level
we are going to see up I can't get over
this I just cannot drive look like that
one day maybe just maybe so now that
we're done with everything and we can
get this vlog started have some fun
together we are out we're going to meet
up with Yuka he's got these crazy carts
that go like 0 to 60 in 2.5 seconds
let's just go I don't want to like say
anything else because I don't even truly
know what all is going to happen we are
getting on the dreaded oh we're not
going on 4 or 5 okay there was gonna
never gonna probably be bad right now
it's terrible what I'm doing and this is
what I was talking about look at all
those human beings oh my gosh wonder
what like the inventor of the automobile
would say if he would just like was born
right now and he just saw all these yeah
but can you imagine like what he would
think what his what his invention came
to traffic
laughing just so you guys know as a
family cane for your for your safety you
don't typically walk down an alley
towards yuca like this this is never
okay
unless you're right beside daddy you
never do this I just would rest of your
life never ever so what's up baby I just
closed oh good to see you man
Ciccone doing raised his little beast he
is he's excited little tricky because
it's kind of right here and on the
concrete well from here you can go from
zero to 100 oh my god of slippery there
let's just explain it to my boy that you
don't walk down an alley towards yuca
ever I wouldn't do that forever
yeah look at this thing some guys saw me
oh you're Tony nice to meet you oh wow
oh wow okay first question I got asked
how do I get one look at this thing
maude he mattify the heat wings you
build these that is amazing I look at
all these skid marks that was him coming
like you can like drift you can like
spin it you can you can take it around
like me oh well really he probably could
well I think you can this is the last
time you drove it yeah oh I don't know I
can try to drift around you yeah very
good idea hungry can you hungry tons of
bananas buddy look at this can you play
it out you played Mario Cart
okay Tendo right so you want to see a
banana to make you slip how many bananas
it takes to make you wait I think a keep
it I think that's what happens in real
life now you only have 398 yeah
again that's the important part
that's the slippery part right I'm
generally interested in seeing if when
you finally stop any rival really like
cheers dude cheers to us
what's with this trip in bananas dude I
got picked up in a banana now we've got
300 grammars
all right so the goal is obviously to
have some fun today with this crazy
thing he's gonna start up test this
thing out show us what this thing can do
actually a little nervous I don't know
nah man she'll break this is gonna be
awesome dude you're like warms up I need
one I need one we need
we
I'll be coming down that's rocket here
come here you come you'll get the
bananas get the bananas
Oh my other stable
are you
please gonna be here no way
the moon
and he just works it just like that
yo there's people everywhere like
everywhere Wow by the way first time
ever I need a hand side they go round
brick oh I can just safely fit if the
police are going to be here they're
coming probably right now it's so loud
there's people everywhere like you're
still filming through the fences there's
only been a minute just scary like can i
watch from the roof really you obviously
made it look easy but youth is going to
show me because I feel like if anybody's
going to do any damage to the car
look at his helmet I used to be one
piece you're going to show me how to do
this and Alma hop in and really show you
how to do it alright God you could turn
he's going to do it and then I'm gonna
try to hop in here and see if I can
drive it I think just driving it would
be a first good start for me cuz no cool
guy
Oh
oh Jesus Paul man what I'm doing looking
it's just oh my god
you don't want to do it daddy's going to
try this and we'll take a ride okay cool
you want to do it with me oh yeah all
right let me let me let me figure it out
and I'm coming back to you the tie
displays we take it those with Roman who
were used to pushing limits will blend
with the best possible machine that is
true I feel like we have kind of habit
of doing the worst things together so
you did really good
Congrats good luck first thing probably
teach me how to start it you don't want
to use my lucky helmet you're lucky it
might actually be lucky after looking at
it it goes Roman Sun Visor never I'm
just telling you out of all the places
everything we've done with Roman we
pushed the limit from sleeping a car to
its roof kill the others mannequins
we've done either in Finland Ohio in LA
and now a tiny parking lot slippery
ground golf tires by the way on the
cross car at 750 horsepower
oh my God look at so what I'm looking at
here guys this is like a is a bad
machine man what is it that they always
say how do you drive maximum attack your
birthday so first year down the first
gear up first gear I'll pick you up
I raced if we get down with a cause he's
got this he's a good driver I didn't I
didn't even touch the handbrake I was
just more busy on the gas so you weren't
using an break it all no never touched
it's in your gene pool now
yeah
Wow
where does it go
hahahaha the positive power in it when
he does hit it it takes up so much
follow I'm not even like giving it to
follow these always really catchers
betting against the bullet anything
sorry listen to the limit
yeah that was under control Wow all
right so my wallet
there's always when you start getting
comfortable with it and then you sir
please the problem you get instantly
confident and the power is just so much
dude good job on this I was so proud of
this thing just beautiful to once non
drifter him batshit I was sooo I knew
you're a good driver I thought the way
you took it around wow Majan an hour
with that thing yeah you would get good
with it and understand it I never came
out of first gear there's six gears you
can fly - probably the moon faster than
NASA that thing's unbelievable
disqualified
it's qualified LG's I don't know I had
an idea I was gonna like run in and
something
Oh
yeah dude get it get it the
entertainment at five man essence I want
to do it I want it okay
cannae my life god are you alright
you chose a little bit good oh my god I
can't believe that I can't believe it a
full up today why did you believe it
beautiful one second one second I
propose that people go oh my god break
your good on it we had to try sometimes
like we got a car do don't hit me okay
now you're gonna hit me for real you got
I think it's a good point like you would
totally hopped out of the country I feel
I got it you just got here so I can
continue the race is bullies on my way
I'm doing a lot of the record well maybe
I got one of you I will feel
accomplished by even got one person I
hear when we got hit you see I got keen
are you with me in case you thought
girl just in case you thought you were
having a bad day yeah she's going to be
our last mission of the day probably the
greatest mission of the day I'm going to
attempt to ride on the side donut man
handstand man yeah all at once I feel
like I got the easiest job all I got to
do is hold on all you got to just stand
up and all you got to do is add ona the
hold stand donut competition oh you have
to film for me I'm gonna ride on the
side of the car he's going to do a
handstand it's safe they do it all the
time gonna fall down he's going to hit
me and we're all going to end up in one
big and then our April Fool's turns into
a real because nobody will believe it
ever no matter how hurt you get it will
be April Fool's there's the cops driving
by
lovely more build it I guess
ah
I'm so dizzy the burden is our little
troublemaker over there you're gonna get
us a noise complaint is what he's gonna
say that's pretty cool that's awesome
alright so we've been ratted out boys
we've been ratted out what's up guys how
you doing this is your area
did you guys hear this thing yeah we can
are you the ones that call the cops
cause the cops came be honest now I know
you call the cops
listen man you can't sleep in the cart
you can't you have to come out cut it
out stop thanks so much for today man I
needed this that rush that thrill you
know what the next thing is race two of
them me and you
alright I'll see you tomorrow buddy
system machine congrats on it thanks
buddy nice to meet ya thanks for the lot
anytime
sorry about the cops yoga you have to
get out you can't drive on the street
ah that was so much fun guys wow what a
cool machine I needed that today I
really did if I wasn't I'd never totally
tried it oh yeah for sure
know it I mean you could drive it at
your face you can literally just do
circles if you want awesome after being
in these offices a bunch
we found actually Britt looked up
there's an Outback Steakhouse near us so
we are going there I figured right now
is the perfect time to personally thank
each and every single one of you because
today the channel we together as a group
hit 12 million subscribers on this
channel thank you guys so so much I
think you every day for everything but
we hit these milestones and it's just
it's so crazy to me that we even get to
these points so thank you so much from
the bottom of my heart we are just so
we're going to eat as much steak as
possible in your names we're we're just
so happy guys thank you so much for so I
say this too we're blessed to have you
her life is completely different with
you so thank you for that
let's go down how the worst news are how
long our to an hour now to wait so we're
going to go in arches
okay we're not eating it out back
they're busy they're too busy for us
baby
keep dreaming little buddy keep dreaming
alright we found a quick spot we have
actually already eaten I a little fake
left locator left she's got Apple with
caramel access to desserts like healthy
it's not healthy for my stuff so just
we're going to we're going to work past
this and get to the next stop
no way okay little baby head is that
your new song okay I love you and that's
going to do it for our vlog guys thank
you so much for everything another 12
million subs is pretty cool too thank
you Ron thank you guys so much for
hanging out with us I can't wait to get
back to Ohio and get back into our
routine and just being home I got a
telescope waiting I just I'm excited to
get home that all being said that's
going to do it for today I'm doing the
absolute best I can with the time I have
here it's literally how not explain it
but at least emboss the weekend so no
more meetings at least through Saturday
and Sunday and we'll get on track I love
you guys thanks for everything
your beautiful one-of-a-kind smile
you
