welcome to the vlog it feels really
weird to say that because I've already
said that once tonight it was earlier
because I I'm just going to be I don't
care if you don't believe me most of you
will not believe me I deleted my whole
blog today everything that I filmed has
been deleted
just as habit to clear a new card
switching a camera putting it in and
clearing it hey flash what's up hey
what's up you guys have no clue what's
going on because I deleted the vlog and
we have to start over the whole thing is
gone and we're starting fresh right now
I don't know if that makes sense but
yeah it's been quite quite the venture
today everything we've done is gone and
we have to start fresh right now at 6:43
p.m. ouch this one hurts
this one really hurts I guess the good
news is our our stakes held up last
night our raft is still there that's
good we're not even start where do I
even begin uh it's just habit for me
when I switch cameras when I put an SD
card and no matter what my brain goes to
format it because that's what I do every
single morning so when I did that I just
formatted my cart just like that and
boom vlog gone but time to mope about it
let's continue let's at least start this
day what's up Empire he's waiting for
flash cane let me see what you got by
the way King painted his faces by
himself MC I see this is all Kane right
here okay you gonna show you gonna show
him buddy
all right good talk nice nice hanging
Noah did his and I gotta say you look
good you look educated you look wise you
look older and wiser the glasses aren't
be smelling my hand what do you got on
your hand
Oh barbecue sauce at every start the
vlog honey and I'm whining but I really
am whining about it like I feel I feel
hurt I know he stinks right yes sprayed
by skunks guys and it's been three days
it happens country out here in the
country they get in the fights they get
into fights with skunks and you stink
every started all gone
you sir buy all my baby like screw it
I'm not so supple of Texas happens no
here's what happen here's what happened
after delete I got really discouraged as
like no making a vlog today well ah but
then it's like it's just resistance you
know what I mean like this is the time
where you got to you got to continue you
really do any put if I told you guys
blogs deleted and there was no blog they
just like okay nice excuse obviously we
film today look at it oh gold over there
so you want to go study something you
want to learn about I can't tell if you
like know a lot about cars or your book
smart I can't figure it out if you're a
mechanic or a genius so yeah it's been a
good excuse me little girl
oh my god I don't know dude Wow who are
you just me mom and my daughter here
wait I guess you still are man she's got
long hair right tough to set you get all
washed up lucky I feel it on my face
it's like crackle II and tight yeah I
feel I felt like I got like serious we
got to get this stuff off I'm going to
get a haircut that's right oh yeah oh
thanks dick she is a better law
intelligent improving all your yeah I
deal with kelmer my Road Rash anybody
know there's more cold
oh my god yeah maybe glittery for the
rest of the vlog look at all the glitter
oh come on
there's you wha oh right I'll be back
since nobody wants to go with me I got I
got no takers oh man what I still love
you guys
I still love you all right I'll see you
soon I'll see you soon
so as many of you know I air khat it's
really dark in here you can't see my
glitter I got glitter all over my face
like it's gonna be here for the rest of
the day I'm sure but I'm going to go
over John it's hooking me up cut my hair
how you guys doing how you feeling today
I got never happen for a while I got
extremely discouraged today like
discouraged I hate being the scourge
it's like well there's such a depressing
feeling when you just feel like I'm done
like you know I'm gone that's the kind
of the time where you have to flip your
mind so that kind of night is the moment
where it means the most when you make
that decision did not give up not quick
that is the moment like that's the time
to test what you've been practicing for
so long that is moving forward and not
not letting that win so I'm trying my
best to not let that happen today really
discouraged when I lost my stinking vlog
because I filmed some really awesome
family moments when I told Kane I
deleted he was so crushed too deep he
painted our faces and he just had so
much fun it's cute it was cute and I
missed it though but anyway we're
continuing I still got something for you
guys today and that is a video I'm going
to get my hair cut which is great
because I look terrible is that glitter
in your hair
ah glitter there should be just like
what do you mean oh this should be a
good one
whew it like messy glitter you're seeing
things you set the Koger bar
I wasn't have to go go no I uh is there
no I think you're seeing things John's
gonna fix me up I know man there's not
even the problem it's the greys it's the
greys I mean you know what I'm talking
about no give any idea on time no this
is for essent lighting so maybe
takes it up uh yeah I get my dad went my
dad went started getting gray at 30 I am
my past 30 now okay and if it didn't
just hit me it's happening I don't know
it's just for men and should I try that
now I'm just gonna be natural for a
while
gray is the new black haircuts done and
John wants to you want you want to tie
me up put put me in your closet she's
running you're sick sick and twisted
videos I'm going inside here yeah and
you just want to good
I guess he cuts my hair I got you know I
got out return the favor and let him
make this video of the rope Oh best
stuff in the business
I wish your tape you got so cooler oh
wow oh what is that oh yeah like
hypnosis like tying somebody else like
peace and love don't you say love baby I
guess you're gonna duct tape in front of
my mouth it should be pieces put it on
your shirt first get the fuzzies on
there so it's not so you know what I
mean because I don't want to rip off
this manly facial hair I've been working
on all right oh really up being a
crybaby I totally have my hand what is
it possible I don't know this stuff what
is the peace the peace tapes say
happiness Oh Lovell happiness we're
chasing that son then we're chasing it
you know I'm always wondered like I
always wonder how fast you got to be
going to always be ahead of the
the light right so it's always light on
how fast you got to be going around the
world like there's a plane fast enough
you hopped in a plane could you always
be in the light part or does it
eventually catch up to you or you pop it
I don't know headed back home and making
the best out of the time we had today
and and and and and a condom so glad we
got that treadmill guys so glad we got
that treadmill I mean what else what
else was going to sit and collect dust
better than that treadmill
seriously just some things you're going
to buy in life that collect up the
treadmill is one of them I swear I don't
know how many houses I've walked into
and there's a treadmill used as like a
shelf like you just store things on top
of it and it's just piled up or it's
just sitting collecting honest and then
a there's actually people that do use
them oh just not really my hey going on
in here what are you doing what fucking
mall oh you're doing fine baby going on
up here
what llamas you guys crazy long face
time to wrangle up the farm
let's go Empire we're go inside it
mentioned earlier actually did I or was
that in the I've shot two vlogs today
Freddie much because one was early I
believe it and then well if I didn't
flash got sprayed by a skunk and it used
to happen to Zeus too because out here
skunks roam and then the dogs get right
up in their faces in the scone so like
get away so you've got quite the odor
right now and I don't remember what we
used to use to get it out of Zeus but it
was a nightmare and the more you wash
them the more just like spread and oh I
don't know how many of you guys have
dealt with skunks and your dogs but it's
terrible
good night buddy good night buddy says
right ever-increasing I know you got
quite the little setup man we'll see you
tomorrow dude and I feel like Zeus would
learn from a skunk right so like if you
got hit that would be it
flash I feel like he would just go right
back for him like it
again just like it would smell like
skunk outside but this one smell like
skunk cuz I knew when I walked outside I
smelled skunk was like it fly yeah the
first thing he did was ran in our house
in the whole house dude it was it was
bad it was really bad so my hair is
freshly cut actually it's probably
getting hair everywhere you sure this is
not permanent yes you're a hundred
percent 100% is permanent no it's not
yes permanent honey I I feel like I'm
100 percent that it's not funny do you
think it if it comes in a can it's
permanent
a while back we made the joke that
Brittany was going to bleach my wing we
made a joke that if you guys guess
somebody likes on a blog which was
ridiculous not like you couldn't get it
because I made it so undoable because I
didn't want to do it so tonight for fun
we thought since if I did just get my
hair cut that we could we can dye it
white because we talked about it well I
think and then we'll see what it
actually would look like you know what
this is going to make you look I get my
hair with up okay put some in Brianna
I'm gonna make you look super old what
are you talking I just shaved like six
years off cuz it's white like young
baby's gonna look like gray like how are
you I'm going to wait we do a slow do
slow you're gonna look old
you're gonna look really old with the
white bar even you try not to get it on
well that's the school Oh Oh your burn
just kidding it doesn't it like I don't
know why she's doing that she's pregnant
it smells really crazy it's like hair my
hair sprays with it yeah we need small
those are those are smelling blog blogs
how am I gonna get it all washed up
it's not getting wired in sync
oh it does look pretty wild look at that
see yo my eyes were burning watering you
know I look cool dude like I'm not even
yeah I'm not even playing around like
this is my new look
I couldn't I'm going to say this with
the straightest face muscle this is my
new look dude I gotta go in I gotta go
back in I gotta finish this off how many
get to here under the hair though like
it's yeah it's getting whiter I just
committed this morning right I said I
don't know you're wearing a white shirt
yeah you can't wear my shirt Wow yeah
King says okay clear Sooey shy frost
does nothing at all for but I do that
that's very frosty oh and the way it's
like oh it's hard well it's hard like
you spring oh you didn't like it
not one down you like it
he says smell good any time for change
oh geez coach that was brown oh oh okay
all right
rainbow you think I should do rainbow
well maybe we have to meet in the middle
a new note oh yes or no look good does
it look bad yeah I am I guess that's my
audience right there
just can't stop looking at it dude it's
like you don't hate it
now he's like it now you subject to
deeply the coolest thing I've ever seen
in my life like being dead sir I love it
except the slides
through normal followers maybe next time
we got a can of blue into you your New
Year's blue the blue do listen to your
father it's Jack Frost here
bedtime whooping into the night about
that dude I love them yeah you look so
comfy really tell you a story about this
nozzle ami his name Magua me one day not
long you know the story not long I
wanted to match
Noah's jammy pants so he did then he
wanted to match King Jimmy Pan that was
difficult because nozzle ami doesn't
look anything like Caine's jammie pants
but there was only one way that he could
match the jammy pants you know how you
know he would look at Cain and he would
say Cain is there any way that I could
look like you I mean he would try to
translate be sure to tear trying on the
same forget did ya do it
oh so you would run away now Islam Iran
that's the end of my awesome story good
night your turn to head to Betty by
Danny buys time decision matter huh you
here - Jack we love love love love you
guys thank you so much for putting up
with the nonsense um cool man I'm so
glad I filmed what I did today I missed
out on some cool stuff for you guys but
uh you know we made the best of it and I
think it's really important to stay
positive when things go wrong it's so
easy to get angry it's so easy to get
frustrated prosperous or just life and
things happen it's like um there's a
really good picture of your plan and
it's like a guy on a bike or something
going up a perfect Hill or a flat plant
and then it's like life's plan and it's
like holes and bombs and fires and like
there's just no way to get across and
nothing today with like that but it's
just through life you have things that
go wrong all the time it's normal like
just embrace it it's just it's like when
something goes wrong
it's just part of life guys we love you
thank you for watching what I did film I
hope you were able to take something
from it
maybe give you a little smile somewhere
throughout here and we'll see you
tomorrow we have a very fun weekend plan
so we will have vlogs all weekend which
is great King you're supposed to be in
bed you are supposed to be likely go get
na Gua me so all make me go get the
llama we love you guys so much you
beautiful one-of-a-kind fart more
you
