Hey hey guys welcome to the vlog today
we are on that debt that schedule we got
to go check on the baby look look it's
almost hitting steering wheel I bet by
the time we're done it's going to be
here you're going to be driving no no
you know everybody that gets pregnant ah
they have a due date and it's like hey
we're having our baby on this day or
close to it we have we don't have that
we don't have that we thought we had it
and now ultrasound it suggested that we
don't have this we're going today to
once again try to figure out when we're
having our baby guys it's like pulling
our hair out trying to figure out when
our baby's coming we don't even have a
week right now I don't it's like a month
what's my wife's I think are fine with
that they're like it it should be a
brownout pilot uh I'm not I'm not here
that our life is so chaotic and hectic
so many things get scheduled I am NOT
okay with a month
your baby's due on this month that's
already good mister I think is going to
make you wait a lot once she's here I'm
all hers but until then it's like I
gotta continue with our life it's
silver-headed to see our midwives check
on the baby see if everything's all
right that's where right today the kids
are doing some cool stuff back home as
soon as we get back I'll show you that
probably get into it with them
so here we go would you forget good news
guys it is sunny and it looks like our
weather is about to break two more days
of rain tomorrow well mate who knows our
well you can't judge you just can't even
Monday Monday they're looking to start
the dig on a new project for our
backyard it's gonna be crazy really fun
excited but we're just trying to get
there the rain has been killing it we
need like four dry days in a row before
they can start you know waddle in you
need a wagon I can start pulling you
what a motorized cart Green
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten cops
this guy with the scope grubs anybody
that's merging last second and then you
guys just grab you they grab you if you
merge on that exit they just grab you
pull you over and take look at this oh
my gosh easy money easy money right
there they just sit and collect the
money man look at that I'm not an expert
with the law by any means but I don't
know the last-minute merger must be like
they can get you for like right what's
up or I don't know what it is I'm just
spitballing but terrible vlogging on my
part guys I skip the whole doctor's
appointment it looks like we've got a
rough day but we still don't know we
have to go back in this week it's just
it's crazy and I can't wait to be done
with that part of it
whoa look at our concrete we got to
write our name in that oh sweet Oh Chris
cane canes not out here aren't you
showing your blue rings showing your
blue rays but those wasps were
bumblebees that got you neither I've no
idea what they were was it be it wasn't
had to be I got a picture from Veronica
that Noah got stung he doesn't say it
was a beer I had to be a bee there's
nothing there now that clowns I've been
stung by a bee and wasp it wasn't stiff
under my skin this time that looks like
I missed the fun button because you got
all cloudy and gray out like you can
tell but look at this thing that is
sweet should put one of the the blow-up
dinosaur costumes on and go down the
slide yes got multiple - it went
straight on Brella over here on what you
guys doing today huh
and that bad rocks I'm an open umbrella
inside I even be a dog I'm a dog oh my
gosh oh my gosh can you be that come
here
here's flash I never won your splash
mask you want to try the bathtub I think
I don't think it'll fit you it's for
groaning
remember the big back come on down
oh my gosh thing you better run you
better move it dude duh duh duh he's
ready he's larger than charging looking
for chickies no he's like what is that
what is that flash no you're going to
pop it you're going to pop him the t-rex
of whatever this is do a backflip
you got this you got this can you get
through that little zipper
backflip yeah backflip you got this
oh your skirts coming up come on no
Alena no Leo you should have put your
Nora wig on do it again no you hang at
your ena your Kane arena suit on you're
gonna fit waking you up this shutting
off this you've got to shutting it up
there whew you got this
oh yeah is it filling up
the funny is still on yeah whoa oh we
need more water
I can hear you're inside this is like a
wetsuit no it's a very rare occasion
that you're in a suit and I'm not like
tables have turned on me today is you
okay you're going where you wait you on
okay it's so slick with the suit the
vinyl and vinyl it's so much you should
go in your bag ready see ya
Rollie pollie knew we hadn't we had a
blowout on that one but it still works
dude the fan still comes on it's soaked
uh oh my gosh just like Oh should be
really fun on a sunny day it's like
great completely cloudy gray yeah flash
is living the dream
flashy weres donkey where's Empire where
is he
one thing's for sure this thing's not
coming down tonight and it's not going
anywhere tonight and if it's storm we're
going to stake it down dude take it to
the ground I think I need is a big giant
raft flying over inside my neighbors
I've been working on the railroad oh
geez
I stink I've been working on the red Oh
guys it seemed bottle flipping this is
flip stick you ready
hit him with the flip stick Oh close no
ready ready
I haven't done it left hand yet terrible
just thinking ago we were doing this
what a idiot one yeah Eddie a good
motion oh yeah
lipstick just do a single flip dude
there's the sunshine guys you get to see
it for just a few seconds guys whooping
into the night a bit you gotta forgive
me a couple more weeks and I'm going to
be done with all this stuff until then
it's emails it's phone calls it's crept
it pulls away from you and I am gonna
apologize I know you don't care that I
apologize and maybe you don't even feel
like I care but I do everything that I
do outside of this lens right here takes
away from this lens it's like no matter
what I bury myself I like to get into so
many projects that I find myself being
pulled away from so many things and it's
a balance it's a teeter-totter it's
putting the the things I want to do on
the on the beam that the you know
getting it right in the middle it's
tough it's tricky bear with me please
a couple more weeks it's all going to
make sense until then it's going to be
me just making excuses all the time
where I like it you can put like baby
sound effects over me right now where
I'm talking into what I do love you guys
and believe it or not the most important
part of our life is our daily vlogs it
is how we run everything you guys are
everything to us and we couldn't do it
without you so thanks for being here I
never want to sound like I'm complaining
I never
ever want to do anything but lift you
guys up that's the key to what I do is
to try to promote happiness promote you
guys want to start your day off right or
injure night right whatever it is I want
you to be feeling good after you watch
these so that's the only goal in mind as
far as energy and never once you guys to
peel down so bear with me I promise
everything is going to pick up full
speed and that's all I got today thanks
for being here you're beautiful you are
one-of-a-kind
mom
you
