alright guys welcome to the vlog today I
got a kind of a weird idea I don't think
I've seen it done yet I had to go over
to my brother's because I left my big
truck there and he gave me a pole noodle
a pool noodle so I got the truck and a
pool noodle two completely random things
to have together but I need them for
what I want to do today and there's just
so much going on the house maybe we
should just start there show you guys
what's going on it's complete mayhem
actually it's it's pile it is chaos
chaos at my house today
look at these two ladies dude is hanging
out on the right they love the ramps I
love what it is what's up you ball what
are you doing hey Empire what's up guys
alright you ready
boom I missed ya so what's up Empire not
you flash not everything's about flash
so we have everything from concrete
going in to the smile more tank being
redone completely look at this this is
absolutely crazy Todd and his team have
been here for the last two days redoing
draining he took the fish he took the
eel to his place everything is being
redone just show up my house destroy
everything you got to hide your what a
Johnny Depp I can't be higher in the
Caribbean luckily just a remodel man if
you guys ever want to know what it takes
to run a tank like this look at these
the behind the scenes and yeah look at
this thing look at all this just let
Hank electronics computers five gallon
buckets busted
without the fire basically there's just
so much going on what's up what are you
doing they give a sucker
he's trying feelin good know your jacket
wow you're rocking you're rocking team
blue Icee gonna be fighting the rain a
little bit it is starting to sprinkle a
little bit here's my big truck you know
I got my big truck I love this thing it
really is big it's hard to really tell
but that's my whole hand it's a monster
this one I'm so freakin excited okay so
V these are the normal wheels right
we um with the truck and they're fun
they're amazing they do everything but
with these tires we're going to attempt
hydroplane that puddle over their entire
looks huge is huge look what up there
you've seen me do this with the smaller
truck to slash with paddle tires now
this this could be this truck weighs so
much I have no idea what to expect
I've never seen it done and I'm just
assuming with enough speed I mean you've
seen guys on snowmobiles do this you've
seen the guys on dirt bikes
travis Pastrana goes across lakes and
pulls on dirt bikes going across water
so why can't this RC with paddle tires
go across it and I got a whole new tour
even though the trucks waterproof I
don't want it to sink to the bottom and
I have to go fetch it and find it you
chew on that thing on the way here I did
not but it looks like it has been chewed
on it's all I mean those are definitely
cheating definitely bite much that is a
buyers bottom and top teeth right there
for sure we're going to try to mount
this up kind of on inside the frame so
that it doesn't sink hold in either
sides gonna do okay I need your help
alright you gonna help me okay hop up
here I want ready whoa alright boys we
need a pit crew I need a pit crew I'm
going to rely on you to take these
wheels off okay can you handle it and
then we need these paddle wheels on like
a big heart
oh my gosh are you gonna run through the
water I'm gonna try oh it's gonna get
you think I like your confidence
no I don't know only time will tell on
this episode up will it blow will will
it right on what will it hydroplane not
kidding dude I don't even think real car
tires are on that tight oh my gosh
oh yeah did you know I'm gonna fall off
oh I just broke the totally get them
wheels off I'm just going to try a real
socket those tires are on there break
out the tools
in turn daddy with a toolbar I'm going
inside for you as you think buddy half
inch you think that's a half inch 7/16
maybe five a to what you think which
they would think that crew seventy
millimeter you didn't even need to look
don't rainy Duke its grain wrench me I'm
going in guys we're going to take these
wheels off so uh it's not deep enough
can't get to it like amateur hour
they're filling it let's get ready now
come on
alright we're gonna keep you guys
updated on everything fish tanks being
filled back up it's been it's been day
two days this is their second day of
work and they're getting it full right
now whoa does just let me water under
here oh that just a little bit clean
everything up down there Sue's legit a
crazy setup for fish tank man I mean I
guess it's what you need but it's just
crazy between how much it takes to run a
big fish there's so much to it than just
that tomorrow more stores man I'm sorry
you girls have to deal with this stuff
you know I wish we had more space for
you you're just crammed over here
they're building and then just nice job
we're getting out here quickly
oh no it's raining stop stop stop it
brain feel like sometimes we just talk
to it you know it listens 9:00 Ohio
though if you were in Hawaii and listen
okay there's one now I think this these
are for this side they are different
this is going to be this side boom dude
how cool is that I know
imagine this pulling you on the sled in
the snow with jeans oh my gosh it'd be
silly you guys remember I pulled the
kids with these wheels in the snow
imagine the paddles dude oh wait I have
it backwards this is the front of the
truck but here's my thought keep this
thing from hitting the bottom we're
going to wedge little floaties in here
like this
oh yeah yeah turning this thing into
like a life raft just in case I'm going
to drill some holes in here so I can get
zip ties right you guys know I'm a Parsi
like that fun with him I like to
experiment with them soak up holes and
then kill nobody
what up Gil go you bring some fun some
fun toys because that buttery slo-mo
again and oh by the drone beside it
I don't know that thing's fast though
everybody loved the intro by the way and
yesterday yesterday skydive vlog we did
the mom I'll walk out with us she shot
that very very good it was just one of
my many stupid ideas that turn out to be
decent we just needed smoke dude we
needed the fog we're astronauts walking
out anyway let's get to it
but a Bing badda boom I think we made
ourselves a boat life wrap this thing
can come after you if you get stuck you
know like you get stuck I can come out
rescue you
it's the rescue truck coming to the
rescue I don't think there's nothing
else to do I'm I think we're ready
it's the Swamp Thing play that study
tires out whoo all right this is my
enemy
it may not look that big but it is quite
the stretch for that truck as you can
see how many body lengths it is long
that's a pretty good distance on top of
water the rule anywhere to go once if I
do make it across where do I go I'm just
gonna wreck into this hole I have to try
to come up this Bank a guy's going to
set you up right here first attempt I'm
going to try to make it across no
practice no I've haven't had never done
this at all with this truck these tires
never even driven with these tires till
today so it should be fun let's give a
shot
oh my god that was awesome
did you get it like nothing I'm not even
kidding no effort like it just skipped
across that water I was like plus like
what's it to you wow that's impressive
Wow machine you got a 19-7 it's
wonderful yeah you're good oh great jump
right in
take my phone but not mine not my truck
Wow it kicks water from over here oh my
gosh is it cold
oh my gosh I could get up in my trucks
in I'm in here we go
okay here's the thing I've got it like
it does it oh my gosh Britain's killing
Britney's coming up look / what do you
do he's been poorly influenced by me I
don't think he's ever swam okay the
trucks got it no problem it's only if I
be dumb
the trucks film like if I be stupid I
wreck it but if I just go across it does
it absolutely no problem you've never
once even tried to get in there you get
in there and then he's like y'all had to
jump in for my truck I had my phone in
my pocket waterproof yeah well I didn't
think about that
I thought about my truck baby how
awesome is that that knuckle like I can
do it all day
get a good scheme when you hit the water
punch it all right but don't punch it at
the end you got to kind of turn a little
bit and crawl up otherwise you going to
ramp that ditch
all right now his first attempt at
hydroplaning the RC truck here we go I
know this was here what would he do what
would this do I know it's all you buddy
it's a little tricky go go go go go full
throttle full throttle yes yes what out
yeah yeah you gotta try it
oh all right big head in the remote and
I get the hot dogs how about a dry fair
pan you can stay in great Jake's gonna
get how much RC experience you have
about 25 minutes 25 minutes
perfect yeah you got this punch it
yes yes yes Wow
oh my headlights dude yeah you broke my
little light you broke my little
headlight Lisa it it still works I did
that it still works all right buddy
I did it Noah did it chase did it
completely did it now it's your turn
okay so here's what you do you guys did
you intend anybody who wants to do it
first okay here we go we're gonna we're
going to do it real quick
ready you get a good amount of speed and
then when you hit the water you go full
speed ready then slow down and land in
the water system change you can totally
do it thumbs up
hey watch watch what you gon go push me
go go go go no good if anybody can drive
an RC it's that good he's so good at RC
a new better than time go go go
Wow there is another animal that is an
animal look at slash he did it finally
he's like chomping look at Colin I
should hook it to the donkey can the
truck pull the hotdog with nobody on it
and still making a call I don't think so
it's actually just a big mud puddle that
we're flying in it's just a giant mud
bottle it's made from the rain it's just
kinky can't get your shoulder all right
guys we'll see you later we'll be inside
if you need us
teamwork teamwork right there they've
been off the rink donkeys like you
humans are weird it's straight to the
shower for me I'm muddy and certain my
footprint is weaving Hey when you strip
down I am I am totally totally girls
clothes rides Veronica taking my socks
off is that pretty cool or what that's
pretty awesome I absolutely love that
came with that cool good job driving I
really hope you guys enjoyed that that
was absolutely awesome I had a blast I
didn't think I would flip it upside down
in the water so just jumped in I kind of
panicked I didn't know if it would
survive that it's crazy so shower Tom
got in one second try empire you ready
to see this you do all these fancy
tricks but I can't do them I want to
learn whoa oh I feel so much
I'm all cleaned up I want to learn a
double backflip not two but one after
another I've never been on a Fiat so
here we go I want to do one flip with
the camera in my hand you ready that was
clean me okay so if I was gonna to
continue to do another how do I do it
like because when I land I'm so extended
I can't jump back up so nervous get over
to the side until you have more room
yeah all right oh did you slow he's left
jump straight up and sit all the way
back yeah you're too far oh I'm so dizzy
all I'll try makes me so dizzy okay okay
oh the one hot might help me like one
four five
whoa okay I got this dog
oh so so oh how do you do it one after
another though pretty many one two are
gonna rain again yes it's getting so
yucky out all right do it come on
what do that was a big flip yeah you
could have done it you like it even
better
holy crap oh I don't I can't do that
where your stars
very much you woke them up here imagine
flash up you're on the trampoline
imagine Empire you want to dream the
Empire yo oh let me bless you come in /e
yeah oh you won't come up here oh oh
yeah this is my last trick attempt and
it's something I've always wanted to do
it's where you do a backflip what you're
like running so take your feet - there's
no way Hey
I'll try it after you oh oh oh it was
good enough Rain Man it just won't stop
like stops for seconds comes back sure
you guys are tired of hearing about rain
yeah we are in and around hope you
enjoyed our day guys we're kind of
warping into the night a little bit we
hung out we play games we goofed off we
did great
became not my hat off and then I got a
show what my hair looks like see look
I'm a normal human like this but like
this daddy comes to life we love you
guys so much I hope you enjoyed today's
vlog I had an absolute blast with the RC
I just love stuff like that I hope you
enjoyed it share it with some friends
and family we will see it tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more coming to life
you
