see little buddy be back my dark that
bikes so little now welcome to the vlog
guys hope you're feeling good hope
you're having a great day I start today
with a little story and a cool toy that
was sent to me from a friend of mine the
new brand new friggin one we are so
stoked about this can you want to try it
you think you're heavy enough yeah this
is a cool start you want to try it
have you done this you've done this
before having us I was doing a speech in
San Diego a couple years ago and this
guy right here he had like a prototype
it was just a board it was just a piece
of wood I think you had like a button on
it in a wheel and he was like I want to
me anything I want like I want to make
these things and come out and here it is
like this is I think the second version
but I just love that this guy had this
idea and here it is he sent me an email
a couple days ago he's like y'all I send
you my new one and there it is boom see
you come on flash let's go so sick whoa
I haven't read one of these for a while
so I gonna bite that wheel
give me that we have give me that one
wheel I think you guys should get on
this I think you should live a little
so basically what I'm saying is you put
your mind to something you can and will
make it happen like I must make this
brighter see that foot here just like a
skateboard and then one here okay then
you fall into it
fall forward just like you're dropping
in oh I think you won't have enough it
did you got it I want what you fall I
won't let you fall if you point this toe
forward you'll turn towards the car yeah
then you got it you got it
you got this shoeless mr. shoeless in
the house you got it you go Mikey Graz I
think you've got this you won't let go
of me oh he sure he's got this yeah I
didn't think he'd be heavy enough but he
is look at that now you gotta let go of
me he can do it let go let go
there you go go to by yourself
you want rice no fine Empire just in
time to play dude you're right the one
wheel I don't know he found a dirt spot
over there and he rolls in
don't touch my foot I just got these so
I got a capture this on film there's
like a big dirt circle on the side of
the house that he just rolls in like it
looks like a little puppy out there just
rolling and going crazy and having so
much fun what we're on the topic of you
know what this camera goes black and
white like it goes in and out what we're
on the tops of like cool things people
have sent us we've been going through it
we have a different process on fan mail
now because we get a ton of it so now a
lot of the girls in the small more store
actually go through it and open it we
kind of set aside really crazy stuff
check these out you guys remember the
pink converse that I wanted to add
somebody knitted for shade pink converse
did look at it from Tara Robert Cody
Teresa and Burton the team team our good
friends are the Burton's that is so
unique look at this look at this
together I love that thank you so much
this is hand made and absolutely
beautiful it's a loving memory of Zeus
and it's from a Shriner Swagger's
Swagger's the Swagger's it's a homemade
cross it's pretty it's wood and I can't
wait to hang that up yeah I'm a mess
it's gonna fall down but lots and lots
of Zeus stuff so thank you guys for that
come kala Andy kala and Andy for
Minnesota send us a photo do you think
yeah oh cool oh that's awesome we have
to do that there's no name on this at
all
it's a white blanket oh that is cool
dude
Zeus you are everywhere my man I still
love this picture so much and this one
and lastly Britney comes running in
jumping up and down so excited I don't
understand the craze of these mushy
freaks out there from what are they what
are they called
freshly-picked firstly fake they're
basically baby shoes for a little girl
still don't have a name but uh it looks
like like moccasins yeah they're baby
moccasins really yeah well no you can
pipe it in these six at her how about
well these are tiny tiny yeah are like
newborn so no that's all Brit right
there but she was so excited to get
these uh so many shoes like she already
has you ordered on burn well it's a girl
so expect her to beat you in the shoe
world
you got what is this little movers
coming in what we got so much stuff
today like this is something that we
visit a picture of us oh this is
hand-painted what what I'm just kidding
it's a prayer right yeah whoa what is ah
it's the bamboo forest and how ye stand
right here it'll look like you're in it
seriously then I dare now turn around
perfect we actually walked down this
platform and we thought it would be cool
to have that memory on print
oh yeah no idea
not me I'm not doing it I'm not going to
be responsible for it
not there oh my gosh nailed it
peanut now you're hanging like I would
hang it and it's just going to fall you
really really want to do this the only
thing I've heard I just cheated mouth
for the last two days make a game video
literally all day every day
it's always always about okay guys so
I'm not I am NOT the best of this stuff
but I just basically put all these brick
walls Kane and I are going to pick a
vehicle and how do we win who who makes
the bullet dem decide who wins so this
is first challenge called the brick wall
challenge you guys decide who wins I
don't know how you judges it
mainly just for fun but this kid has
been behind to make game video I mean
like every single day game video game
video game video so here we go let's
have some fun
pick any card you want and then we go
rock oh you go with the Lambo canes
beautiful perfect Lambo about to go
floor it is he gonna hit the walls
is he gonna blow it looks like you're
going backwards dude here it comes
here comes oh what those are some hard
blocks
I know so they did not work well at all
and I'm just terrible at like custom
doing things in this case we're just
going to do the best landing wins
alright this is like a ski ramp with our
cars canes up here we go oh my gosh
think pops wheelies oh man is even gonna
get off the ramp he is oh oh this is
good Kane oh I think you went from best
distance but we were going for best
landing mmm I have no idea what this car
is gonna do but we're gonna go for it
here we go daddy's up splint og about
wheels on on the road people all you got
to do I feel confident
feel good tires are up Oh flying like a
kite oh not the nosedive look at that
Oh Rip's the back bumper off still
driving not all the way to the back boom
beat that the records that never happens
dude we always trash on our cars that's
the weirdest thing hi mommy picked a
friggin tractor
be perfect uh Oh sweetie
yeah actually you're hitting 60 set 70
miles per hour 80 and a lawn tractor
here we go
she's up geez oh geez her wheels ah very
good
oh she didn't even make it I know yeah
that looks pretty cool right now mean it
to be smaller
Yoshi land on her wheels she'd uh ah she
lands on the wheels I'm giving it to you
right now
best rack and she landed on the wheel
that's pretty good
mom fancy pants it is with that land all
that thing's fasted your you'll be
surprised what lesson that tractor knows
up oh no going for that crazy rock flip
oh okay there we have the wheels to land
on oh my it looks like a transformer all
right no we've got the little trash
truck three wheeler pigeon truck all
this give me money
is it one for it Oh solid landing
trashcan one disappeared engine oh
you've got no motor left dude no wheels
all pop tires doors wide open on his
wheels he is the natural count kick it
read Braille with this log did
all didn't even get air here we go
70 80 miles per hour 90 miles per hour
we just broke 100 we're going to do 120
130 140 5 147 off the hill not looking
good baby oh wow
I think you know what I just got it
that's what it is yeah I think you
winged dad all right
oh we're gonna let you guys be the judge
who won the wheels on in that
competition somehow I landed twice oh it
doesn't happen that much
I mean you lean okay so somehow we just
realized that the last like 12 Clips
were in some weird VGA format so I have
no idea what those last 12 cups look
like so bear with us I got to switch
back to the full HD I don't know what I
did
dang it doing in Fenton ontology oh geez
not good not good
seeing this is what daddy usually does
Cain's got something special for us it
he met mixer truck and you are you broke
up your boss brother down that hill dude
oh he's just going for the wheels okay
looking perfect not bad at all Oh Eva
fun all the way I thought that was why I
don't let you drive literally do
anything for clear skies tonight it's
just it's starting to look just like
yesterday where it's like clear over
here kind of sorry about those last
clips guy somehow thanks to Noah he
realized that the screen was square and
we had to actually crop them but scale
them to 300 for them to even fit the
screens of the quality as well I'm sorry
it just was an accident very frustrating
it's this new camera I don't know how
did that I don't know how it did it kane
mr. superhero what up you piece of flash
hey amber what's up bud you drop your
shield you know one thing I can confirm
is that we have one of the nicest
Gardens
um probably out of all the youtubers I'd
say ours is the Knightly that that is
nice
so yeah so this guy clears up I can't
note I got this all time to get this guy
it's just been crazy cloudy absolutely
beautiful
look at this fish tank man biggest
stress reliever in the world a fish tank
man if you ever like freaking out about
something you come you stare at this
fish tank for ten minutes and it just
like gives you like such a soothing
feeling I don't know beautiful it's it's
relaxing the races of all races okay I'm
starting uh he's already beat me he's
already beat me ten ten ten ten
hold you do go fast the fastest just
kidding you're pretty quick
all someone got a head start someone got
a heads to a flash Hey yes
that's how you're going to break okay so
it's crazy guys right here the
concrete's cold but just right here it's
warm little wormie look at them getting
a love and Empire doesn't like the bikes
when I ride the bike buy me time it
takes off is it where do we have that
donkey is like a dog in our house it's
just such a weird scenario that we just
like I'm not kidding it's like a dog
walking around our property such donk is
that Norman any I know a bunch you guys
have donkeys but did they just roam your
property like he does just go wherever
you want buddy he's gonna come in soon
he's going standing at the garages and
in the smile more store just like going
in further and further I'm gonna wake up
you can be in the hall maybe we should
wake Brittany up tomorrow with the
donkey hello
look you decide to show up yeah man
what's up this good to see ya good great
let me log like 90% of my vlog I got him
John brings up loving memories favorite
picture Zeus this is ready took that
awesome pictures is anybody tennis ball
is this his name on it
don't let this guy get it
or memory over it'll it'll say do and
about a man you want to top bath okay
I'll do my best this is the flip the
flip ball challenge okay so you're gonna
do the flip and then I'm going to throw
I'm so confused yeah you have not
thought this through ready set go
now neither flip one two three
now jump gate oh you're saying I'm going
to throw it to you almost immediately
you're gonna flip and catch it before
you even flip yeah okay
all right promise here we go go Hey
that's what I mean wait it was in midair
hi Roman what does he get if he catches
this um five bucks cash cash a nice
fresh Lincoln but you got to land the
flip - oh now what did that that's not
bad that's not bad
that was also so you know that throw was
check to happen I tested the wind
everything was just like he did the
science Brit prepared he was wondering
why you stopped by for a bit bull made
lasagna all day the pan even looking ah
yeah metallurgy ya know it says we cook
don't have a thumb but you know what vis
being greedy initiatic love it did take
hours to cook that's the other minute
Brittany got us milkshake they actually
brought the boys to the yard I can't
stop making that joke is better than
Yolo but is that good yeah just like
that horse that's how it goes I'm a boy
and I'm in the ardent dragon a milkshake
in the mic mm-hmm nice you walking for
me I got the easiest job you're gonna
sit here to take that yeah
have that edited by
yeah just like rehab so Roman Ida
livestream asked everybody if they
believe in aliens Roman is almost
convinced oh yeah 100% yeah well I've
never seen an alien I'm just saying like
I think I would be crazy to believe
there's nothing out there yeah but this
is a bat huge universe John and I just
got now maybe you guys caught it we did
just spur the moment livestream we have
some good discussions dude and John
would kneel through a playing card and
it's stuck in that cabinet right there
we're gonna drink coffee this way I was
just even calling with your mom when I
quit drinking Red Bulls and energy
drinks and like real caffeine pops I
started drinking coffee black coffee now
I got rave coffee I always like coffee
because I have no real energy because I
eat garbage no are you ready
you sure go get some nice not to Ted are
you a tree down that yeah Oh your head
you can set my tongue in foot yeah Oh
life's good have caught that you pop
your hand boy you got butterfingers Oh
mommy's doing her crazy pregnancy stuff
mommy's going to take this seat okay
guys so Bruce in doing a thing on this
yoga ball and I'm not gonna lie this
really shows how pregnant you are right
now when you see her belly and look at
this dude you got a human in there oh my
gosh it looks like a ball wouldn't do
this
this is ridiculous it's the hips right
okay you know that you're about to have
a baby sister like it's coming dude like
when we started this whole thing it was
so new are you excited you're excited no
it's about time I know when we said that
we were having a girl you weren't that
excited but now you are and I love it
did that look so ridiculous
this whole scene is crazy dirty dog
wrestling a dirty kid pregnant mom
putting hips in place it doesn't even
look like you you know we were talking
about aliens earlier this whole
situation right here is pretty alien ish
enough enough we got to think about for
today guys I you know what I did the
live stream and stars were coming out
and I was like I got to get off this
live stream so I can get the telescope
oh by the time I got that out freaking
clouds came in maybe there's something
you can get that makes you see the
clouds maybe it's like a cloud viewing
let's go we love you guys we got to go
big things tomorrow lots of stuff going
on out definitely will be a blood still
hurt so aren't me let's see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
let's start a real topic it's watch a
live stream you know and talk about
let's start a real topic do you believe
in aliens you believe that there is a
life somewhere other than planet Earth
start the debate in the comments have
some fun with it guys it's nothing
serious
i I do believe that we are not the only
things in this entire vast place we are
just a dot in the middle of nowhere
nothingness I hate thinking about it is
literally drives me nuts if you really
research how tiny we are it'll drive you
nuts
I love you guys thank you for everything
you're beautiful alone okay mama
you
