hey guys welcome to the vlog we are
starting today with a brand new camera
this is a brand new vlog camera I've
been using the same blog cameras old
used broken beat-up cameras for months
and months a month even in Hawaii my
screens are correct the mics are hanging
out it is just destroyed so this is a
brand new camera I hope it looks a
little better there should be no like
weird little yeah it just looks so clean
welcome welcome to the art store
what do you oh cool Sparkle man huh
Sparkle blah okay so today we are
starting with something probably in over
my head but I've been talking about this
for a while and like I really want to
get this I really want to get this up in
researching it for months and months and
months months and finally I got it
she'll bring it in bring it in now I've
shown a few the more time we need to
yeah but we should do it inside to start
like there's a learning curve I got a
practice well you guys get your art on
now I can do it
I can do this maybe I hope you notice
but I'm pretty built I'm pretty pretty
big so everything that I've been waiting
on to kind of come around around the
same time and the one day we actually
need good weather it's bad it's not nice
out it's actually pretty ugly not going
to hold us up though we're going to
continue we're going to move on and we
can at least get this thing built which
to me is probably going to be hard so
this sucker came in like three giant
boxes this thing is huge so pumped about
this is something so awesome for the
family it should be cool to vlogs too
because I got this thing that my also
giant camera to it yeah
I know I can lift it but I'm going to
use dolly keep this thing out of here
teen lift you see a serious yes I'm
serious
rain rain go away oh come back ever way
honey
I mean don't go it's raining oh I got a
chance to good how much I love living
here house awesome last two days them
beautiful really
I'll get this one I wonder if I should
go put the donkey in you move
okay I can help you when you're pregnant
go ahead and play pregnant it's just
raining oh honey I was gonna come help
you oh you're pregnant it's a few lips
you look huh watch why are you helping
I'm milking it it's like three pounds
thing I'm gonna run out and put the
donkey in my good he just out there
grazing I think aired all I know what if
you want to go for it I mean in bars
open you can get in there yeah he
doesn't want to in case for some reason
you don't know we have a donkey and he
runs around
he runs free now he runs anywhere in our
property and it's crazy to come home he
stands right in the middle the driveway
and I don't know if I can find them real
quick and back everybody
you won't go in huh that's great open a
brand-new camera just play in the rain
us that's why this is exactly why all my
cameras go to crap up up and away
he's like flash always gets him first
whoo oh that feels better huh I think we
could just leave the door open and if he
wants to come out he can
well that means he can get like snail
Bowie he is wet I can't believe you
waited this long to open it war since
existence what you guys know what you're
like sick you don't feel good I thought
was yesterday
I wasn't like down down sick go ahead I
just get my do anything like and that
makes sense because the day before I was
like I was thinking I have no motivation
I mean I was just getting sick and like
today I fell off it and then today I'm
like like just trying to fight it yeah
my head's all like whoa thank you yeah
this is legit what this is like the
cat's meow the dog barked to be staying
out here even know how to work this
thing
well YouTube doesn't scale this is thick
it's a telescope
if you follow the channel you know I've
been wanting a telescope I've done so
much freaking research like for a couple
months now I've been
like everyday at least for a little bit
of time like research and telescope this
is the one I've settled on because it's
a full computer like it does everything
for you if you type in the moon it just
goes to the moon and it tracks it it
stays on them people walk away two hours
later it's still on the moon like I have
to look for anything it just does it for
you you can hook your DSLR up to it
really star Barnea star star you have a
set on your star oh you're already much
started yeah I don't need another now
that's a tripod is good it's so big I
didn't realize how big it actually see
you see photos of things but when you
get it out no other way other way there
you go we got we're in over our heads
guys look at this stuff
look at this thing I don't know how to
operate this bugger is computerized and
it's wispy most before you blot even the
Ken Cain I heard that this can see Buzz
Lightyear ah yeah alright brainiacs help
me out here
this is just the wedge to your latitude
how was Justin to what our latitude is
that something Google like waver yeah no
this is all political range of 0 to 50
percent or 40 to 90 and if you're a
deluded to a lot of 2 between 40 and 50
the configure should look where the
wedge comes preassembled in the 40 to 90
percent figuration however if you're
located and allowed it through to 40
percent or below you will need to adjust
it what's up your location as what
longitude and latitude you're at cool
tell me what it says
how's it coming always it's on oh it's
only been an hour and a half no I really
feel like this is going to be an all-day
project just getting it on the stand the
whole week project everybody left you
know what you guys do I need help and I
can't do this on my own
what are you doing it work
oh my god your hands are alien try your
butt now so you guys you have to help me
to tell Phil yes how do you search for
the door woman OH
nope with that idea by himself really
thank you let's let's put my hands okay
I got it up
I got it understand not all the
electronics is done but I'm getting
there I'm kind of I'm kind of working
passing the time come down to help me
here clean that up
put that all the way in turn it yep all
the way to sink folds we're going to
know why you did it not daddy okay this
is pretty much my day right here is just
getting this thing set up and built and
I want it get it running it it's so
crowded kind of clearing up you guys
might guess that I'm super freaking
excited about this this is something not
not only that I was excited for I know
that it's going to just make night so
fun with the family and the kids and
trying to find aliens and Buzz Lightyear
great good go Tiger Oh pit crew it's
just going to be fun for our night you
know maybe we don't watch a movie one
night we go out we we just look at the
moon and the stars and this thing should
be fun really fun I'm Tom I'm excited
and I got the DSLR hook up so that you
guys can see what we see and I think
that's a huge part of why I got it as
well
like do something different the vlogs
you think will see a spaceship you think
will see a turkey with a rocket jack
love love love having my little helper
Noah's getting ready to come over as
well so a full crew to build on my craft
you have some blue skies that could be
good for tonight buddy
I'm gonna get this sucker out this
thing's a freaking beast dude as you can
see it's like it's unbelievable it's
talking about this sucker says just lay
the tripod down mount it up pick it up
oh then we got all the weird stuff weird
stuff like it came with toaster strudel
this so check it out dude 6 for easy
getting set
up instead like this controller it's all
computerized like 40,000 presets and
it's basically you hit mark it just
automatically goes to Mars all by itself
and it tracks so just follows the object
so we pretty much not to do anything
however I think there's an alignment
process that has to be done and that's
the part I'm not really sure about what
you actually have to like set it in
basically everything that I watched
online people were bringing them out in
broad daylight and you can use them but
the clouds are a problem we shoot right
through dim clouds
it's Sunday guys were really laid-back
relaxed and taking it easy look at this
guy
anybody's wondering we only have the
back to these couches now because flash
manually grabbed all the seats took them
out in the yard and destroyed them well
there's a great dog what is just your
big space cannon it looks so big here
look at this eyepiece Cain put the P in
her hand
whoa mommy's going to let donkey out
let's see if he's excited
well he's not flying out the door that's
a surprise ah sunshine oh you know you
get your feet wet just run for it you
put different socks on P uh this is hot
lava mode see how he goes whoa you're
gonna jump out of there dude do a front
flip you know you got to practice that
front flip I think it's safe to say
we're not going to get any more rain
today the sun's out the skies getting
clear which is so good
so my next mission is getting that giant
scope I have no idea how much it weighs
but it's a tank outside onto the deck so
you have to take the whole thing off to
get outside well it's got a quick touch
wait oh my goodness a popcorn through my
hands laughs whoo
let me see those muscles now
Oh me that would you are in so much
trouble
look you broke the step do the mold
stuff anyway
wow he just took that dolly down just
like college' can you still walk it now
I'd like to see you trying build new
ones I would like to admit
what are you doing crazy you still in
your pajamas you know it's like set six
or seven o'clock right I get it all set
up and this is Ohio for you it's sunny
and then I'm looking over here and I
don't look too good I don't know about
that if I want to leave this out now
honey hey it kind of looks like it's
gonna rain really I don't know mmm
what good news it only took me 45
minutes to carry it out so isn't that
awesome no matter where you look check
this out hello you guys you probably
seen this before but no matter where you
look it shows you where all the psyche
and see very well there we go
let's see what's under whoa whoa whoa
other Saturn that's my porch dude I
don't know it doesn't look that bad out
it's starting to ask those clouds stay
over there we're good check this out
okay ready
you push over up or down push them
they're cool you can point it up he's
cannon hey if anybody's watching from
out there sorry if we're shooting at you
right now
Kings uh it should that's our look at
this I'm getting so excited the sun's
about to go down
tornado warnings come boom boom boom
done boot I can help Britney get this
crazy donkey inside before it rocks good
look at that
I plan to look at stars tonight trust me
you don't want to go in come on we ain't
moving if I don't want to move and we're
off to the races
he played you he played you come here
donkey dude he doesn't know he's gonna
about to get stormed on sure somebody'll
find him oh we can see oh you let her
rope you you're screwed now
you got another rope well I didn't last
long he's uh he's always five miles away
he's gone he just ran all the way around
the house let him experience the storm
and he'll be fine
oh no and you need to learn you gotta
learn it's not I mean no we do have to
turn a away
we have 20 to wear every Friday and
donkey goes around the first time laughs
Emily they're going or low voice Marcis
this is like he always just goes inside
we never seen him
he's an see that's why and since he's
had free roam of the property now he
doesn't like to go in his barn he hates
it he likes to just be out but I don't
know what to do this big storm we're
looking out for his best interest so
much for stars man he's probably gonna
be a month before I can get this out
okay so Brittany thinks that the
four-wheeler is going to help get donkey
in is he gonna go inside no he's going
around heat he taking it for a ride
that's it Brit you show him who's boss
you should all be turned around maybe
this is gonna work
donkeys headed for the barn he is oh
dang your mama's crazy
your mama's crazy you're crazy I want to
help but just too funny watching well
today sure didn't take a turn we're
going to keep you updated with tonight's
forecast it's going to be stormy
probably not this place is all talk look
it's not even wet look it's quiet
don't be so bummed if I just start if it
just gets clear all of a sudden you got
donkey in yeah
donkeys in Cheers cheers to successful
stargazing right I think I'm a little
I'm a little hurt over this I'm a little
hurt I had my hopes up I got my hopes up
and that's a Cheers
what is under tub please
who's a good like a breadstick Sweeting
some dinner guys no it's still not here
which is crazy danger though 15 it's
walking dude they weren't lying to us
it's all coming down audition what up
dude
my flesh hi I missed you Fletcher King
we're gonna telescope it's great it's
like it mu it walks by itself - he is
happy to see you holy smokes
she's back in the bathroom or in the
bedroom you want to tip this over and
act like we dropped it since it's brand
new like I can set it down okay food
yeah you and what do you guess okay but
we gotta hurt don't tell her okay don't
drop it for real
okay hey we all got to jump at the same
time okay no you really nothing over
okay this dude makers literally came
over your boat home and pushed it down
you get big trouble King just knocked it
over
ah they ran they both did ran you're
supposed to help me that was not Hugh
you if I use not the ball really yeah
that's just I was telling on music that
wasn't part of the plan I just figured
if I blamed you to actually be more
believable I boys notice I was pretty
good pretty foot with a UPS truck what
do you guys hear let's see it lets see
it full throttle baby bottle Oh Oh too
bad
yes it's picked one car okay you have to
start in that parking lot you can only
go straight you have to leave your car
where it lands whoever does the furthest
wins all right this is no official run
here we go
woah dude that's a good one because you
didn't need it flip oh alright just over
the river look at your back wheel there
means options lots of options
each one has kind of sporty car inside
of it so you go on muscle you go and
drag oh alright
canes up with his drag radials get it ok
ok oh you can Oh what can daddy pick
when I tell me what's the car
heck you guys went with some big muscle
cars maybe I got a lot speed right Wow
almost oh that is right guys uh we will
see it tomorrow and I'm a little
confused there we go
love you guys so much thanks for being
here hopefully we get to get this guy
out soon I am dying to get this thing I
look at it it just looks fun to me I
don't know and they got that like
stargazer saying and I want to try to
find those stars to be like a hunt that
all being said thank you for hanging out
thank you for being here we will see you
tomorrow you are beautiful you are one
of a kind smile off
you
