guys welcome to the vlog welcome back I
think it's safe to say that we're just
really not daily vloggers guys I don't
think we can consider ourselves daily
we're vloggers and we blog daily as much
as possible but we just missed too many
days we consider daily vloggers
unfortunately flesh it's Keynes chair oh
it's not yours we did blog a little bit
on the day we didn't upload and I want
to show you that footage because it's
very very personal it's very cool
Brittany and I and keen went and seen
that hey baby how are you let me see
360 they say you know let's get the
camera do it before we go too far in
this world let's jump to our footage of
going to well just here's the footage
from day before welcome welcome to the
vlog guys today we are how explain this
we're going to get Bernie wants to get
another ultrasound for baby girl
right you're touched during well Louis
so it's usually when you go to like
understand why for a doctor you get
ultrasounds throughout your entire
pregnancy but when you have a home birth
they don't do ultrasounds so it's like a
schedule one it's like x-ray you do it
separately to a different company
basically so are you don't get out yeah
or you just guessed when the baby's
coming so we want to get a better read
out you don't have an actual dude day
and apparently you got like all these 3d
like imaging now so you can almost see
your baby which I don't really want
Britney's all about ionosphere wrecking
that ruin it now doesn't it ruin like
the it's bad like I feel like I like
even getting the sex of the baby I was
like I don't know what I want to what is
it boy look what a favorite ronzo don't
don't don't no they weren't wrong we
definitely that is all the time
what if it was a boy game pretty sure
they didn't mess that one out but we're
going to go today we're going to check
this out I'll bring you guys along
that's where we're at if you're having a
great day
get this blog going and thanks for
thanks for watching I'll dude don't
unlock that one don't unlock that one
it's super serious dude don't horrible
brownie
person do it don't do it Houdini by the
way this is that lot who blue dog at
what he's threatening to see here baby
you're all set that's our only concern
enough II maybe she's head down yeah
it's gonna be really crazy a little girl
running every night a baby girl you just
go okay how does this thing see through
her belly that is a mystery to me
audible by at all I personally think
this part is kind of creepy I seen your
baby in this Soundwave entire definitely
came but it's definitely an alien she is
officially again yeah we were like you
see them things online where people are
like it's a it's a boy and then ends up
being a girl or vice versa
so we had that thought maybe he and Ray
camera-shy daddy nope no broadcast nope
no broadcast please too soon I don't
know it's her head or something that's
that's hurricane her first i5 gang give
her high five on her belly that's the
first time five hmm
she's like no pictures please I know
look at this chunky like it it's pretty
strange No okay with you it's a little
creepy but this is the first we're
seeing our baby girl along with you guys
that's really wild it's really crazy to
think about mommy's got a little human
inside her did that crazy to think about
there's a little bit it looks so weird
she has her hand grabbing on her toes
right there that is crazy you have it
little man your little sister and a wax
think your new BM I don't know what what
that is kind of creepy to be honest I
don't know alright so there you have it
we um it's kind of creepy it's creepy
right it is I mean I know it's our it's
our baby girl it's beautiful but the way
that it projects the image just looks
very much like what Jane said I was like
are you just ready to meet her and he
goes not now I mean I'm not gonna lie
right off the bat I totally can see a
little cane there it's that little
button nose like locators locators worn
ear this is her future please no photos
please no photos come on please it's her
first toy is her toe
she's holding on to her toe they're
pretty cute and a little smile dude you
are lost like you are what with that
who's that when I come from there he
heard me he heard me he's coming over
here he's heard me did I give him no
don't
he's coming over - I didn't mean it I
take it all the car hey buddy what up
good
what up Canada he's literally like
waiting for me to hand him food
I'm telling you that looks it looks good
by the way this is current blog we're
back Brittany can't decide if the Hat it
looks funny oh I know when the voice
goes up am i trying to mention
Brittany's up a camera for just a hater
of countries why not we sponsor a lot of
little league teams now all over the
place she's going to go I see I probably
does not look bad either way you wear it
don't wear a hat if you don't like it
don't wear it it looks good you look you
I'm saying I wouldn't I wouldn't make
that not at all you guys it looks great
okay take the camera it's hot in here
Thank You babies making up okay so it's
been a while but Brit is going to it's
always weird to see me vlogging in the
reflection like what it looks like
you're gonna take the cam in my blog for
a while guess you nervous be easier I
know of most of you love when she was
probably more than when I walk honest
they'll have fun show Martine and he'll
be back in a minute
well it's been a while since I've logged
it's nowhere on the camera in my face so
yeah like Robin said we sponsor I think
it's two different t-ball team or twenty
ball team and one like older kids team
and today's their like opening day so
they get their team announced and all
the players and everybody has a game and
my sister and Emily have a booth set up
of all our smile more stuff so I'm going
kind of check in on them and see how
they are doing and then also the smile
more teams playing right now so go say
hi to all the kids and you know kind of
thank them for playing for smile more
and all that fun stuff so I know they
have to be so cute I tried to get keen
to play t-ball because he's a perfect
age he just wasn't into it so I'm like
re I'm not going to like force you to
play a sport no played soccer when he
was Keens age yes brother right Mike's
four-wheelers and everything else and
play games rather than sports
look at our smile more girls our shirts
hanging out this is so cute hey let me
get that you guys are awesome
did you guys win today no oh well maybe
exercise a little team picture oh she
signs a little tore up I don't know
maybe a little wind damage but I look
sad that's awesome if you have a team in
every division and this is our t-ball
team they are so adorable
lunging oh nice so that's a Roman just
learned how to do right or tried I'd
like to give a shout out to Kody and
Ryan over for on what baseball team
yeah so he's a smile more team and he's
the guy that beat him for the team that
beat him so this is a smile more picking
machine lead to Maine just took the
field out there
whoa we should have brought um small
umbrella so this is the picking machine
Li right mom hi mommy this is what are
you doing
my name's where's Annie
oh hey I'm on my way okay okay
see you said it's icing dude an ice look
at that see if I can catch watch they're
bouncing off the mountain oh it's really
nice feel terrible what he's standing in
it
oh but get out go run you gotta run
look you're not going he can you need
shoes on okay well it's about to be
sunny in like two minutes you can see it
right up there you know hi oh man it is
great I can't even explain our weather
if I had to tell somebody what Ohio
weather was like I couldn't there's no
way to explain it is weird
you're like a pregnant woman there
changes every hour hour right back out
of the house headed to Pizza John it
looks like Independence Day right now I
just ship's gonna come out of the skies
look at that okay so we are heading to
my friend John you guys know Pizza John
Big John had his baby girl and I'm
incredibly envious because he already
got to happen to the girl and we still
have to wait it's such a wait for this
baby it's like the longest wait of our
life is having a baby I promise you if
you go through this it'll be the longest
way to your life John had his baby girl
we're going to go visit and see his girl
and his favorite pizzas vltp could just
like Brit so I'm going to go pick up and
attached a large vegan large we can get
an extra are on you know your colleges
so we're going to go surprise him with a
giant VLT people we're just going to go
giant it's gonna be big that's a pretty
cool shot of the city up maybe hot pizza
hot pizza coming in who we haven't made
the transaction yet we haven't made the
transaction yet pizza pie baby that was
the deal
that was the deal I feel happy about
this oh she's so tiny
that's baby Emma dude soon Kane you got
a little sister look how beautiful she
is
- good job guys I'm impressed
I'm impressed John do you like baby Emma
oh I say I don't like her yeah just wait
for another couple months definitely not
Kane doesn't know that's gonna happen
yet he doesn't know he's going to get
like it's gonna be all daddy me and you
bud Kane if you're hungry buddy I got
pizza oh I know you know that's his visa
there's a doughnut dude this'll hold you
over for a while
baby I'm never putting her down really
yeah I think I think want to come over
no I think once you like I might just
take this one comments no it's mine all
right go she's smiling
yeah you got a beautiful baby man it's
like Sheamus snow in the snow just like
the show wants to punish our but that's
not where we got the name from like that
show never nothing I've never do you
think that are you ready for that so
ready okay
well I'm ready for the quiet time like
this you know I'm ready to see you like
this
you know what we were going to name her
originally
you should propose already every
right-thinking hit it hit it
alright alright I'm going from the
hallway going from the hallway nailed it
but you got it oh you actually using a
bigger bowl which is harder I swear he
did it off camera and then when I hit
recording this boys one two
nothing but net Larry Bird oh so you
think you've got what it takes Iron Man
to defend the king the hurricane don't
get me Jane okay we have left John
absolutely just breathtaking baby she's
so beautiful she makes me just just
counting the seconds to meet our baby
guys I know it's probably - you're like
enough about the baby but it is the
biggest thing in our life right now a
baby coming it's crazy it takes over
your whole mental state we're headed
over to the big computer store to look
for Mike and some stuff well it's
finally getting beautiful out sike is
this your new walk just out like a bird
this is a very very dangerous store to
come in you don't have any idea how
dangerous it is because you want
everything now look we got we're
paradise mouse pad do people still use
now stars uh I mean I'm weird one
no there's and that's right you did so
yeah I guess mouse pads are still good
but man I remember them like way back in
the day back when you had roller balls
under your mouth do you know that yeah
you really yes and you don't statement
we know how and clean it yeah
these are the aisles that get you these
are the aisle to get you all the cool
new stuff whorfin back home look at this
power strip dude this is a power strip
Oh flashy flashy I don't know if you
guys can see this but the ring I forget
what this is called it's like a giant
ring around
the moon ring around the moon check this
out huh oh yeah you can totally see it
look at that I freaking love ur dude
look at it dude I feel really done
because I don't know what that's called
and I don't remember what I've seen it
before actually a lot smaller than that
huge tonight really giant did you see it
it's sweet right that's the ring you
know what that is these diamonds ah yeah
it's big ring of diamonds it's a diamond
ring okay guys we are going to say
goodbye today I am I'm kicking myself
over this daily stuff guys I'm really
struggling right now with it I'm not
gonna lie it's not like I don't want to
do it it's just I'm buried myself in so
many obligations that it pulled me away
a little bit from the daily vlogs and of
course I want to do daily boys I mean
that's that's like the prime way I make
a living is daily vlogging that's the
honest truth but I've got all these
other projects I'm working on that I'm
just dying to tell you guys about and
excited that it's only going to better
the channel and to get there just
requires so much dag on time for me and
it does pull me away and I do apologize
for that
daily is the goal always but maybe we
just have to consider that I'm not
always going to do daily vlogging like I
seem to be on a kick of like 10 days
than I miss a day or like 14 days then I
miss 2 days they're like is this some
around it it's like a pattern that I
can't snap out of so forgive me guys
obviously if you're watching right now I
already know that you you watch no
matter what and thank you so much for
that we have some crazy crazy loyalty
from you guys and it never goes unseen
so thank you I'm gonna stop ranting
about this um just know that I am always
definitely working on some cool stuff
and that just requires so much time so I
love you not to mention the kids and the
family it's so many priorities that I
find myself you know it all pulls away
from picking up a camera
and recording I love you guys so much
truly thank you for absolutely
everything it does not go unnoticed
you guys are everything to us you are a
massive part of our lives and you will
always be a massive part of this entire
journey thank you for that you are
beautiful one-of-a-kind smile
you
