as welcome to the vlog we're starting
off today with something that my little
boy
what choose yeah you need boots pleasure
ok I said good as I was saying today
we're gonna try Keane has had this dirt
bike for a very long time and it's
always had training wheels on in fact
you probably got this when you're maybe
three I think there were three was way
too short to actually reach the ground
and then of course by the time he could
actually touch the ground we got him a
four-wheeler for his birthday a little
fifty four wheelers so the dirt bike
kind of just got left behind well now he
keeps asking me every day to try the
dirt bike so here we are today going to
attempt to ride a dirt bike with no
training wheels the first time ever give
me five
I'm pumped that you're excited about
this let me see you touch you got it no
problem you got that side too so he's
going to take our time get used to how
it feels without the kickstand okay give
a little gas okay you're in neutral good
keep it alive and I'm going to put the
kickstand up please lean on that foot
lean down on that foot now put the
kickstand up with your foot like there
you go now it's up to you to hold it up
alright
ah okay when you're ready we're just
going to put it in gear which is one up
all right and then you're going to still
use your feet use your feet to balance
you until you go okay okay you're in
gear nice and easy nice and easy okay
get a little speed going just like your
bike keep speed there you go there you
go
it's just like your bike once you get
speed it just you know a wheel and
rotation won't fall down there you go
you're riding it by yourself all by
yourself I'm back here yesterday I
wasn't with you did you even notice I
left you second try you did it all by
yourself
try again get a little speed going there
you go oh you've got it he's got it
that's it ha ha ha
good job Kane how's it feel you like it
here in rocking room shit I'm so excited
I'm so excited he's got this he's
already getting faster
whoo everybody likes going faster I did
not doubt him for a second that he would
be able to do it so fast but oh oh he
got to eat involved but I did expect it
to take a little longer than that I
thought I was gonna have to kind of
guide him but I just let him go any game
you guys look way too comfy out here
just chilling hanging out eating grass
playing with toys this is what I call
the rough life right here you guys are
living it living it rough laughs laughs
hey you got come out here quick quick
yeah he's writing it that's why we film
everything just in case train email
nothing he just look at him you got it
Jane I think I think your mommy's proud
of you she's happy did you personally
well what about me I can I get I can
write it everybody hi scrappy there we
go there's our donkey just rolling in
the mud you so silly oh I don't think
I'm ever gonna see them again okay let's
do it
kick it you put all your weight on it so
hard to kick Hey get it get it yes there
you go dude hope you guys are having an
awesome day man obviously I'm having a
great day man getting out anytime I get
with my kids
one-on-one playing whether it's on a
dirt bike or sitting playing a video
game it is the best day today it's
really fun oh we ended beep it's the
hope you won't
oh hey what is that beagle doing come on
junebug
look at them they're so goofy hey it's
justly proud of you dude like no joke
super proud of us could be a popsicle
okay so if you guys have been following
the channel for a while then you know
that Mall mall has been wanting to go
skydiving more than anything I mean she
would when she blew her candles out her
80th birthday I asked her what she
wished for and she said to go skydiving
it has been quite the thing to figure
out today's our actual birthday and I'm
going to call this place because I think
I can make it happen for her so here's
for hope and this is a I'm just going to
call them and we're gonna reenact your
college transplant here we go
anniversary
nearly birthing textual source code
shelter hey yeah I'm trying to figure
out if I've got a my grandma just turned
80 years old
and her dream is to go skydiving she's
healthy she's mobile she doesn't have
any heart brain conditions but she does
just this year last year we had a guy a
hundred years old come up a hundred
years old
yeah okay so it's under Parker and so
age doesn't matter
the only issue she has at all is kind of
a bad back so I'm just trying to weigh
that out and get your bike and see if we
should come disruptive install rods my
background your Ponte so so I can bring
her yeah fantastic when do you guys have
open jumps alright every day every day
stop Tuesdays yeah that's awesome giving
mom skydiving dude I do you want to go
in a lot you go on
a writer like you know around y'all
mom's gonna freak out guys you have no
idea how like she's gonna find I just
wanna I think brother should I just like
book it and go tomorrow and just take
her
like literally get up in the morning and
go skydiving what's tomorrow
oh yeah ultrasound tomorrow well Friday
are gonna be shot guys we're gonna
figure survive you remember how
exhausted we're last I don't even drive
home but this would be my second time
some of you is that oh my gosh dude okay
we're gonna figure this out he's coming
ever see you should just be like get to
Oregon Friday mom oh okay
yeah she's gonna freak I'm gonna cry I
bet she cries okay
so she is going to come over here
shortly when she's coming over five
o'clock half hour 30 minutes she's going
to come over and we're going to break
the news that we're going Scott at me
because it is officially officially now
80 years ago today yes mama was born
you're right mama
yep if it wasn't for mom all you
wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you
Brittney wouldn't be here if it wasn't
for Brittney
Kayne wouldn't be here that's a pretty
crazy that's a pretty pretty crazy pass
in the road right there yeah you know
what I have to say about that birthday
whoa
and we're going Scott on Friday you got
a kid we're going are we we're going
Friday right are you nervous
no your sighted yeah I thought you'd be
more excited we're going I mean I talked
to this guy's place
he had a guy that was a hundred that was
better this week a hundred did it huh
they have people wheelchairs everything
really your perfect candidate good heart
good brain
I don't know about the brain part I
might be exaggerating on that we're
going skydiving mall what time oh we're
I don't know yet we're going okay
Mama's gonna start down and look a lot
yeah they're going to come watch her
watch me she's in shock no no she's gone
crap I thought I was getting out of this
I'm now we're going I'm dumbfounded they
said I could go yes they they they
definitely said you can go alright so
Friday I'm excited for percentage so
there you have it I knew I've got to
pull it off and I got my partner didn't
said it was my ad your grandma she can
walk into a sign and I'd let her go -
yep I'll bring the diaper
no he's wearing a diaper I don't have
any now shut we're deploying we're gonna
have a blast at the diversity it was not
remain aware that not of course not
come on with you no I'm almost excited
but I expected it would be way more
excited I thought she's gonna like freak
out I thought she was honestly gonna cry
I mean I really thought she'd be like
the most excited that I've ever seen her
but she was kind of mild but when I get
good news sometimes I'm actually more
quiet than ever like I get really like
if I win something I usually get a quiet
oh that's weird about the rain so we're
going to burn up the rest of this good
nice day before it does rain oh I always
got gas baby I believe I can fly
i believe i can touch gasps OH
oh my god I got there laughs OH
Oh Gino want to throw you so high I
monitor you so you guys ever just think
like a dog like you imagine being a dog
right here come upstairs and I'm like I
could do a drink out of that toilet in
there or and go poop under that bed you
know I mean you think those things are
yet yeah do you think like that thinking
like Cana you're thinking like a dog
ready
whoa you got step back here you come
back to lungs on this is wash down three
two one fish okay I'm gonna try
something I've never tried before I'm
going to try to backflip off of that
under there
good idea what I'm gonna try to backflip
off of this under there
good idea you want to film for me so
high here you bringing got no one John
this is this is wick pulling my head oh
yeah I think I can do it I think we good
I wasn't close to my head right um a
little ah I would that would be actual
ground I would just eat it like complete
dust give me it oh you're definitely
better than me
yes I am so ready three two one dig up
is just under burst energies try weird
flips I can't even do flips I can do it
on a trampoline backflip I can do a
backflip on a trampoline guys that's the
dude I think you could actually do a
flip and land on your feet well whoa was
a Daddy flip right there Oh guys for my
next trick I'd like to show you the
disappearing cane trick all right you
ready to show them the disappearing cane
okay here we go this is how to make your
kid disappear three two one I don't know
if you fully disappeared enough yep
you're pretty much gone
and that is how you make a kid disappear
are you ready are you ready ready are
you going to use the store so I hear
okay guys we're going to try something
we have not played against each other on
pinball for a while and we're going to
try something tell me if you like it
we're going to go uncut here so this is
raw vlogging this is almost like
live-streaming we're going to play a
whole round without cutting the camera
real life pinball competition here okay
so whatever happens happens
for what no I'll hold it while you play
and then just like it might basically
live streaming but on the vlogs we can't
cut it this is the real game you play it
three balls okay you going first you
want to go for it you want that pressure
yeah go ahead
you're already about to load up there we
go round one we each get three balls and
pretties up she's off to a kind of a
weak start but here we go
I love this machine by the way so fun to
play
oh we need a warm-up round where are you
doing a warm-up round I'm serious
still concentrated rescue okay so this
part ball goes up and you can rescue
Dorothea out of this castle board okay
okay it's okay it's just the beginning
it's worth the process to actually get
the games unless inside this game
there's so many things to do and you
have to kind of hit the am i messing up
your work not good you but she's not
locked yet so yeah that's true for that
one oh you almost had it
too late now all you need to be if you
light up ball if you light up ball and
hit the crystal ball you get you get ma
times okay alright here you go take
Tamra I'm not playing forever okay thank
you
you know the pressures on me I was like
home good okay so I got 5,000 if you hit
back here on your skill shot you get
5,000 in one right or you missed alone
I'm just going to go home I'm gonna go
public you know I gotta go for trick
shot got it oh you hit the wit see he's
already like beating me haha skill shot
they're so important
okay get Mike on I can't talk anymore I
gotta I gotta concentrate you uh-oh you
have this many seconds to hit the witch
here's the witch she's standing up Roli
shoo Oh what do you mean reshoot blowing
tomorrow
Oh bounine and Tom that little got away
oh hey I got a little bonus a little
bonus coming 922 all right here's the
score Brits at five point nine I'm at
nine point nine nine just solid knock oh
hey you got kill shot good job don't
test me Tom Goddard
she's so concentrated see this is what
makes cutting in vlogs good because you
can make things more exciting
did you cut out all the dead spots
I call it trimming the fat I think
that's an editor's turn okay here we go
that sounds good to me
well it's like when you're editing me
trim you guys calamari terney
all right we can do again Oh Oh got it
did you ah yo shot now if you go right
down the hole then I'm still in the lead
okay I lost the ball
I lost the ball ruby red shoes well
we're locking them up all day does get
three locks to get multi ball with just
three balls I gotta hit Dorothy - am I
gonna write your prisoners ready - ninja
twisters ready right there marker okay
so the monkeys taking the ball yep I
mean sighs well Castle now if I break
down that castle door I get multi-ball
that's really important it is such a
confusing game it's only
you're here I actually had a play not
here you're the hot all I hear right
there
oh that's bad oh there we go
lock it up lock it up no walk here
twisters ready if you twist up second
tornado in Ohio I love a little milk you
don't sweating here we go huh here's the
twister in come on how many friends do I
need yeah five loops out that really see
me I think you need to inactivate them
okay so now you have a chance to rescue
Dorothy all doors open but I got
expelled it okay I got two letters
that's not enough games ruthless oh you
got it oh I got a full rescue oh there
it is
no you're here oh I'm in here Oh hold on
so and you have to get um the lion is
the only one
Ahnold it's like there's 400 there's no
place like oh you didn't get it
you're still beating me biologic I know
okay you guys have to be honest and tell
us if you like the uncut vlogging okay
this is like just up there's no like oh
nice and you rescue it but you don't
even have to earth captured so you just
up there playing for no reason
yes I feel like you got to be honest
like no I like it cut it's faster now
this is a slow pace version of what
vlogging is which is cool sometimes just
when we're doing an activity I think I
want to try to do more just uncut you
guys really see what it is
I don't know pinball's Mexico
II think Brittany's killing it over here
yes war is so tight so tight right now
not kidding
25 to 25 oh we're tied right now and you
got Dorothy locked okay so nothing hit
it get it if you hit the whip you hit
the whip chill control your ball and
what diamonds in yes that's true okay
I can't excuse oh my gosh I'm nervous
for you
come on get Dorothy we got a piece of
multi-action there you go there you go
pinball is such it's such a good game
that's been forgotten
it is so entertaining when we first got
this oh you got locked - that's it we
first got this it replaced all of our
PlayStation Xbox this is all we did I
couldn't tell okay what's the score what
that's it more or three this is star
ball yeah but like you always get a
couple thousand to beat me normal baby
here you go right now the whole you go
right it's still a bad score we both did
really bad doing it
I mean literally I don't turn this on
heaven please how long like we explained
much when you play no right quad muscle
over an awesome team Anytus like it's
not even Joe yeah when you're single
oh I get an award oh no let me get a
single life so is this the first pinball
machine with a screen on it or the
second I think this is it first where
you beating me no wait you're getting
bonuses okay read it read it
player 128 365 player 229 you barely
1000 I'm glad he didn't drop me though
ah okay
that is our uncut version of this vlog
forget cane actually he's already
standing here out of the bathtub and all
bundled in his towel I'm gonna cut now
very good the ghost the ghost of bathtub
time check out the shrimp
check out the shrimp I hope he comes out
come on little buddy
he's camera shy he's camera shy right
there he goes an awesome shower he had
like all these cars and it's like the
coolest shower ever we are gonna in you
didn't play that much
dude I would have never got out no I
might hop in and play with him yeah you
guys remembers big mo huh it was like it
is we're going to say goodbye for today
guys thank you for hanging out with us
what a great day came really proud you
on that dirt bike seriously
I literally so can't believe it well
rock star man he asked me today she was
right
can we take my dirt bike somewhere
before me and he like like can we take
it sometimes like I put it in the truck
and take it and he said yeah I was like
well yeah we can he said I want to go to
well we just need to build a track we
just got to build a try it's just got to
happen I just need to build a track guys
we love you thank you so much
tell me if you want to see more raw
vlogging not just raw blogging but like
almost live stream blogging it's like I
can't cut it I'm not going to cut it I
like it for some things but other things
it's like slows down the log we love you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile Mona that was super weird
you
