here we go welcome to the vlog guy you
guys remember when I only started the
vlogs in the car let us go and you
remember that like back in the day when
I started watching with always when I
was driving I start the vlog right then
because our old house was always a mess
yeah maybe I was embarrassed about maybe
that could be an ugly I'm gonna start
more when I leave like that could we get
one welcome to the blog guys we are at
well first of all sunshine we are out
we're starting our day with some of your
favorite spot I'm sure you love going to
the dentist's only dennis is just so fun
humans love the dentist have you ever
heard somebody that says I can't wait to
you know I used to come here every
single day this is where mommy used to
work I used to drive here every day when
you were in my belly and then our
YouTube stuff started taking off right
around that time and she was able to
stay home with Kane I went I had a nose
like I'm always and yeah I don't care if
we have to live off SpaghettiOs our
entire life of not oh we did actually
for a while with off macaroni and cheese
and peanut butter and jelly today not me
it's Kane he's getting people up that
x-rays maybe and he's gonna get a little
little bug out of there all the fun
stuff the fun toys do just be glad
1800 imagine doing teeth then oh my gosh
way a lot like being under the sand at
the beach huh or bulletproof vest
what's going on with retainers here what
do we got to do today yes to cavities
Theresa's getting two shillings you have
a crown on this dude he doesn't forget a
crown show and you don't you don't get
cavities from like carrots and good
stuff right no yeah alright little buddy
you're doing so good so good at the
dentist like compared to other kids he's
good right
good kid that's my boy
you got numb lip is it all no yeah do
you did so good team you know that tell
my studies for the doctor captain I
can't hear you our getting a cavity fix
you get to eat a Cabot I mean a cookie
honey guy your lip still numb is it hard
to eat just take your time nibble on it
like a hamster today's like our own
officially update I got a I'm just over
Tyra practice right now which I love and
I used to be so skeptical chiropractors
I would be like that doesn't when I get
them and it really helped me a lot so
after I finally Brittany made me do I
think I've told this story had like
pinched nerves in my back for I felt
like my whole life I was always
struggling with like this ache she
finally made me go to the chiropractor
and sure enough like it left me I never
had that pain again and now I got my
neck stuff and I'm like I don't know
like an old card I got sick here here is
he's a cool dog so warm up they're
getting ready for the Kraken alright
just getting past the whole chiropractor
thing Wow feel like God it's like a
being like a skeleton putting everything
back together so since we're in town I
fought against this cane is dying to
look at puppies and this is like
probably something we shouldn't be doing
at all and never should be doing because
every time you come into a place like
this you either find something you get
or you find something you want and then
over the weeks time eats at you and eats
at you and you're like I'm finally going
to go get it so this time just your look
Keener's okay well you're this little
this little peer oh geez oh geez
so imagine him with flash this is
actually where we got flaps and discs or
this is what Noah wants so bad is a bird
you want carrot cockatiel he wants a
cocktail these are not cockatiels but
they're beautiful look at that bird I
think if we ever got a bird to be
something like this guy big bird that's
not that that you make a bigger mess
around for there is there
goes rock n roll Jane I think this dog
loves you I really want you to take him
home not getting that dog out you can't
look at that beautiful shepherd ah how I
feel about even looking at this picture
right now look at this oh they're so
frigging cute
what you think that came you think flash
should have a blast with another German
Shepherd is making me I'm emotional
like seriously emotion like I'm number
Zeus is a company like that it's poles
were tripping on you guys there's a
female and not as big as easy but
remember this is ear for maybe like
seven eight months one ear just laid
down this one's already both it up but
we were so worried that we're gonna have
a shepherd with one ear up when you're
down and then just went gains like
falling in lone oh I think she likes you
can I know what that was I know what
that was or the truth it was a trap
you trap me King and you gave me the
soft eyes you fall in love with the pup
and then you guys there's a favorite
tool not like it I love these things
it was the hardest thing because you
like later head on you liked it is all
about ski it's like I feel like I'm to
boil because he is probably tired of
hearing a lot of stuff but it's such a
big part of her life it's so crazy I
usually got mad at myself for how upset
I've been over the whole thing like it's
so frustrating so good like see another
German Shepherd but at the same time
it's like I know with confidence that
they'll never be another Zeus like I
feel like you buy a hundred German
Shepherds and I'll never have another
Zeus
one of a conman really that was a
horrible scene came with that you
no money
yeah me like that you get that dog home
it's going to look like a look spring a
pinball machine slot a running get a
quick bite to eat before we head are we
head back home
stop I can I can feel about koalas there
man
I can pick up a plane to go it into
outer space mixture muscle yeah so what
he wears how he'll be mr. muscle yield
mr. monthly opposite gives them the
extra Berbick vertical sternum and
something like really funny or frizzy or
something mommy can always listen hang
up cuz he knows that is ridiculous
Dharam having lunch as I said enough
oh they put sleeping stuff in there
that's enough this boy is out head back
home and Cain would not not during what
may be the genesis like much so good I
think you just crashed guys wake him up
this morning is that right you got a
killer now just a a donkey hanging out
and bar look at him you come like a dog
now
Hey we're home what's up dude you are by
far the most interesting animal in the
property King got that for you he got
you a toy yeah he's like I'm out big
juicy Apple man Haron closely what you
got was that was that was this me this
is Rick man take a bite - oh my what is
this orders oh my gosh 2,700 wow what a
big day
well just doing the daily doodoo man no
you're doing is he doing the same a
story does it right here every why'd you
do it at the door
why is he doing at the door though it
looks like poop in the yard but these
are just his hoof prints hoof prints
okay yeah now yep good yeah total exam
cake yep job
oh don't Roman
gotta follow you like it you can do it
every day a hard spot is the pee spot or
can you gotta find them fog of you're
looking a little detector well like
here's one you can see it's dark there
you gotta take these in the same spot
two three minutes to brush off the
lights huh huh just building a little
little pee lock rose here we put a
toilet with some plumbing in your phone
that's a pretty nice Ohio sunset right
there that doesn't happen that often
come on there we go there's one
there's two plots these are puppy treats
daddy r-bar this is what he really
really this is the number one what he
wants the most is this little tiny bit
of grain right here hi buddy
hey connecting my carrot boy like this
gets him to come in just that little bit
of grain wrapping up our daily chores
donkey dogs kids everything we had a
monster day today the girls did so good
if you order small more stuff and you're
a part of this movement your stuff the
girls here at the smaller store works so
hard every single day for you guys I
can't give them enough credit enough
love our team here at small more is the
best it is the best team they got out
2,700 orders today that is that could be
like a record day for us I mean it's not
always like that that's like a huge day
for us so thank you guys so freakin much
for not only supporting us as a family
the company the movement but all the
girls that work for us their friends
their family and you guys completely pay
them full-time by supporting this
movement some of these could be yours
all these buckets are completely full of
your orders play that look how many just
can't get over the fact that we started
in our kitchen of our old house the
house we just saw we started in our
kitchen handwriting orders three orders
for orders ten orders 20 50 100 over
time over years and now I change to 2700
orders to say my mind balloon that's
definitely a memory I want to have so
thank you so much we go dude we put the
donkey in his barn and put you in your
bar
he needs a barn smells like a barn come
on is what are you army a big rug get on
it oh my god it says only dangerous at
all oh oh oh so we got this giant rug
and I've never even seen this Britt
ordered it but she asked she asked me
the dimensions like this week or last
week and oh yeah that will fit and now
that I'm looking at it this thing's huge
it's gigantic and I forgot this hold it
walk out of the room and I'm like oh
yeah there's plenty I don't know you
should never ask me to mention or sizing
on anything did I be perfect I feel like
when you buy a rug for a room it's
usually like a piece of the room like
this this is like a whole new carpet I
think it's you just can't go wrong a
wall nope definitely not okay anywhere
it's a hairnet
you wear it for the shower yeah sure
yeah kind of smells well you've been
wrapped around carpet for who knows how
long you get a stay on don't fall in
lava don't fall over I don't know I
don't know if I'm loving it I guess once
the room is done it'll be nice of the
babies here it'll be nice oh that's true
that's true yes you right off the bat is
at the door ah look every time you open
it I think you're good I think you're
good I'll be really flat I know should
never fix this we should just leave it
oh yeah this is warm art or a wall this
is a king of getting walked into things
you want stuff in the bathroom he got in
here or the kid put it we don't really
know the whole sort when we moved in
this house he was in this room and he
just started jumping up and tearing the
wall out so that's what the oh my gosh
we can mark mr. sleep he's in the house
you've been playing with Empire all baby
to have been inseparable today
a man and bunny if flash comes in for a
minute for whatever reason don't you
start yelling yeah yeah yeah I got a
captured on film dude in in flat right
back out it's like they're heat dogs you
have to have flash outside it's crazy so
now you're finally beat you finally be
we're going to go ahead and in this
video we're going to hang out together
watch a movie play some game something
just kind of off camera tonight and you
know get some time to go we had a good
day
it was great thanks for joining us bite
your arm off yeah Oh pull baby awed by
YouTube you slept in my head
you guys for everything seriously um it
goes but I just can't ever say it and
now I'll say it pretty much in every
vlog because I feel like I need to thank
you we love you thank you we'll see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
mom
you
