welcome to the blog guys how the heck
are you we are at Brittany's uh what was
once every two weeks every month once
wow I'm Way off I don't look at the
stain on my shirt what did you drop it's
like a table now when you drop then that
was not from today hey smiley
what's up buddy time coming like that
what's the vlog guys hope you're having
a great day wherever it needs to check
up right now and that's where our day
started it's beautiful it's almost nice
out this is something you don't see much
in my blogs and that's sunshine you see
that right there that's so high Oh
sunshine thanks for coming with me I
know you could just stayed in bed twice
video games hung out but you came hey
came do you know what these are those
are books here five more years that'll
be just by pads do now I have an excuse
play is really hard I usually do this by
myself can do it I know it's baby toy
but it's really fun it's fun you don't
want to do it mr. grown-up all
professional watch daddy do it
mm-hmm where's it going to go come on
red going Orange
look at that influence daddy's influence
look at that go go oh here's what yellow
honey how far are 26 weeks right you're
26 and you're 26 26 weeks 26 that's
crazy this is our baby right now 26 week
oh you were worried she wasn't gonna
have hair look it's gonna wash away how
much you were 120 pounds no you do not
fair so this is our baby right now
checked in there how's it fit I mean I
guess I can see outfit this doesn't sit
like that
no is it like this really hold the baby
hold her hold her hit don't hit the bit
you're gonna punch the baby um so what
are we doing your doctor we're measuring
her fundal height
fundal height anything then you said any
there's an alley week you on it's
perfect when it comes to pregnancy
perfect is the word you want to hear
like a scary stuff won't come here for
extraterrestrial life just Herbie okay
well all went well which is so good
pregnancies for longest wait of your
life I promise you when you go through
this if you go through this it takes
forever is it a baby I look at like two
years per element like a two year birth
or there's only nine months oh my gosh
wait on it no you feel that that vitamin
D sunshine you know red is like not on I
was like look at that
I want you guys get a good look remember
that remember I don't he's out running
around you only yah when I suppose it's
like a shoot sleepy sleepy duck guys
we're headed home right now and then I'm
gonna jump in my car and head out take
know what to watch and
I feel good today I'm so excited about
warm weather like it's coming it can't
be cold much longer in March
well flashing the Empire living the
dream
look at these guys this is just so funny
to see it like just see him he's coming
in for the greet he's coming in for the
greeting is he muddy oh oh he's always
dirty are you saying yeah love oh yes I
don't many of you guys sending these
incredible ideas what to do with this
table and somebody said like actually
sand it out a bunch of people said sand
it out finish it and put a sheet of
glass on top so you can actually use it
as a real key second no imagine using it
as a real nice table but inside is a
racetrack I actually thought it was a
great idea however your car flips all
the time so if there's glass on top how
would you get the car out
well you have like cut holes in the
table so you can reach in and our planes
crack am i crazy like that this is the
crack track to check crack track so you
need to race me boy you need to race me
boy oh honey okay your crack aah
all right guys get me old dust bunny out
look at dirty this thing is it's always
dirty going to get Noah to go oh my gosh
Brittany definitely drove this last look
how far the seat is up I can't even get
any Oh a little bit the world's slowest
feet yesterday Noah techniques is yoga
you won't have lunch tomorrow I was like
heck yeah muscles getting older man Noah
dude like when you're getting up when
you're getting a lunch offer from your
son that's how you know he's aging them
and you're getting like eight
you want to have lunch tomorrow that
plate I feel like I'm talking to an
adult eat 12
we got a slow time down and he's not
waiting for it is not
I always said it's time to not give a
crap about you and when you have kids
that's when you really sit just watch
them grow so fast right in front of your
eyes like you haven't changed you feel
like you stay the same but your kids to
keep growing even though you are
changing you just because it feel like
that when you have kids you really
really really hit you it sucks I want my
little kids to be little it depends
awesome it's also getting to do cooler
things with the kids as they grow up and
you know being a dad it's like the
highlight of my entire so I like forget
everything else
you guys probably see me successful in
other ways this is YouTube or whatever
it is the real success in my life is my
family and my children and like that is
where my my heart passion really is so
to be able to go pick up and squeegee
breaks again to go pick up my son for
lunch is such an honor in fact that you
know you can watch that lunch with you
even better I want you guys only that's
where is knowing when he's not with you
I want to show all there is right there
is normal pickup spot hey what's up dude
you're hanging out on the runway stop it
I don't normally pick up hitchhikers but
uh what's up dude it just he a man was
just telling everybody people outside
there's no one's not with you so it's
nice to show them
kind of where hangs up yeah it's very
pleased about your couch is the tire is
it the I can't talk that yeah right
there oh okay you bring your wallet as
you know when you invite somebody to
lunch it's Kurt now you don't have toys
but it's courtesy to buy that person
lunch so did you bring your wallet we
gotta go back in the woods
josh'll that is this quite as it mean
much because you're 12 but you asked me
to come to lunch made a whole week dude
it really did and you have no idea how
like cool it is detect where we have a
song mower we're doing some Mexican
right now good I just want to know is
this like when you play response yeah
plus it's close to your little runway
strip you live on
so that's convenient kid if you're
watching you have no idea how cool it
would be if randomly you just ask your
mom or dad when you love hey you want to
go lunch with me do it do it you'll put
a big smile on their face I promise I do
well I need to like eat and run and
stuff but I had a great time I loved it
you good yeah you every need Fisher I'll
sleep good tonight bond I love you give
me hugs be the best thinks about lunch
with in here but you got any always food
and drinks and stuff I get you'll find
it is that there go please go ahead
we got milkshakes on the way out so
weird I went to hit record but I turn my
car off because it's a red button and my
brain just record
that's so weird anyways going to move on
that's all the time we have thanks for
lunch dude I seriously love that I hate
it so much in the milsat weeks which
ones one yeah my mom was gone I love you
see you soon yeah I love you buddy
my kid sleeps good tonight sure hate
leaving them out here I love being a dad
the greatest feeling Hey Empire flash
what's up did like how long is it going
to be before he realizes he can come to
this backdoor Empire what are you doing
bud ah peekaboo ICU flash mr. jealous
mr. jealousy you should ride him ride
him out there little do i just want to
dress like a big Shrek and run around
the yard with him I wonder what people
think
daddy's a farooq bug flash I'll be right
back I think I've been home for like a
total ten minutes today like I'm in out
in out we're going over my brother's
house we're gonna rock it out that shake
good buddy huh yeah thanks for give me
one we're getting family time today like
I can't not now I get to see my brother
I see Noah earlier of course see my
little prince Craig oh machine
all right we'll run over to my bros
house oh what's up where's everyone at
everyone God is a so you coming
everybody hey I got to see it we both
know what I'm talking about I got to see
it you guys think that I'm dying I am I
am gonna build itself I've proven that
I've graduated there you taught me well
I learned from the best
I feel like together we could have taken
it to a whole new level no no I think
you would have just made it better and I
would watch I think you could help me
see your home camera I'm not the only
one with an RC problem dude look at all
your the RC graveyard of the family show
everything that dies that I your being
so bad there's so many good like dude
that's an original all right that one of
our this is the Baja buggy okay me and
Dale both built these from scratch it
came as a kit but we built these
together when we were 13 14 yeah younger
than that we sat in our rooms together
and built these gas-powered of baja
beetles it's what they're Bobby oh yeah
this thing still works like two years
ago I love it
but it still worked a couple years ago
so we've done some cool things with RCS
over the time Dale I think has taken it
to the next level we'll give this
full-auto
paintball-gun RC truck and this thing
works it's not like you have to pull a
rope like I would rig it it's a full
servo servo turns triggered thinking
about pulling the rope doors I think we
would have been breaking the law I don't
think you can do this to a real gun why
oh yeah
instantly breaking a law if this were a
real gun I think it's super simple and
that is I just took the gut this is just
a receiver that you would find in any
remote-control car I have a battery pack
in one servo that it is the servo yeah
now this is a special server this servo
goes 360 spins yeah it'll spin like a
camera that that's why it sedale can
drive around his arm
activate the servo from his remote you
did like how much you sold all this all
right yeah I dialed it out of a full
video I'll link it in the description
but check that thing out it's ridiculous
dude I want it looked good on my wall
bro if it was on a bigger truck you
could do jumps while shooting ah you
know the table that I did yeah let's do
the same thing but RC boats just fill it
with water and you just have a middle
and yeah I have it it's the pool right
out I know they have a kitchen table
version back and then we put the big
sheet of glass on top so you actually
eat on top while you race not my idea
your guys idea but I'll take care of
Denton
this is Robin this is my kind of night
dude laying around doing nothing
daddy style huh just lazy lazy daddy I
don't get to see anything on okay this
is the new punishment when you're bad
your head goes into the city again again
throw my head into the fan right
oh my god dip it into one now the train
starts Oh like an ice skater dish but I
see a human chocolate so I'm just going
to relax my uncle Dale with kids out
this is like just like taking them
digging up to the gym he can't even
skate I can't make you up and like he
lived here they stopped coming they
stopped coming we officially did it you
kind of did it I just jumped into the
last second oh I just mean like crazy we
are off back home had a good time just
hung out a little bit where the kids
outplayed and
what flash what oh you're alright then
you're alright
okay so this is a kind of crazy story
that came in today and probably one of
the craziest pieces of mail that we've
ever gotten so Brittany's mom was like
crying this morning like full-on bawling
and we're like what is wrong and she
walked in with it crying and I'm like
somebody named Daniel Daniel de Meaux
the moms hope I'm saying that right he
sends up I'm going to try to talk about
this because it's still a little soon if
you're new to the channel
we lost our German Shepherd a couple of
weeks ago it's just devastating one of
the hardest things that I've ever done
in my life like truly devastating to the
whole family and so Daniel he makes me
write this a story and he makes it
really clear that it is soon and he
didn't want to you know upset us by
sending us this but long story short
he's the owner of Auckland German
Shepherds and they breed world-class
shepherds and he offered a free puppy to
us a free German Shepherd puppy and I'm
sure his puppies are super super nice I
would like to offer you a gift I
understand your grief it's fresh and I
don't want to overwhelm you at this time
but in a few months when you're ready
I would like to gift you a German
Shepherd puppy and that is just so nice
thank you so much I will saying you know
you know I can tell that you know that
it is too soon like I came and consider
it I really can't even think about I
think you're the same way like there's
just no way in my mind right now like
you said in a few months maybe but right
now I just I can't even imagine getting
another German Shepherd or another dog
in general it's not I think it's the
kind of dog like this was a loyal like
he would literally take a bullet breast
flap he'd shoot up ones love
beautiful timepieces but it is a
different dog man you guys already not
have to get into it but um I just want
to say thank you Daniel the parents of
his puppies coming are three-time
champions in North America eternal fire
omen is a two-time world champion these
are like top Shepherds so thank you so
much I will keep your info maybe down
the road but for right now I can just
thank you um it means it means a lot but
we just dude even seeing this carrier
was just like you guys will have pets or
you had a pet or maybe you'll get a pet
and is this all about it man just taught
me but like he literally taught me what
loyalty truly is met his you know it's
unexplainable it's the greatest it's the
greatest experience I was that dog
taught me so much so I'm sure you've had
similar stories even Catholic people you
really fall in love with your pets man
that's it's been a couple weeks and
still it is a constant daily thought my
dog's business man like everything I do
around the house the coop side art his
bed is still beside my dad it's just
it's still a constant thought of mine
and I miss him so so much and but I know
I know he's killing them tennis balls
right now where he's out and I'm excited
for him feels good and he's healthy
again don't worry flash we talked about
you - he's just entertainment
I swear he knows what the cameras
because when I turn it on I mean just
does something funny what is that flash
what is it in there
this baby came Daniel thanks for sending
Kane a new bed I mean that's really nice
you can you just be good in there buddy
got lots of room stretch out it really
weird in the vlog and this like spot I'm
trying to lift you tighten up all the
time I'm kind of in a nod down is there
anything I can do to like but nothing to
rescue finding a miniature donkey rescue
instead of just like buying one you're
going to rescue a donkey you refuse it
are you gonna do like are you going to
do like an incredible rescue like
down in a cavern with a helicopter I
picked up the donkey bring it on board
what's the first question you ask him
how you know I mean like get out of here
a flying talking donkey he can talk I
love you guys so much thank you for
being a part of this life that we live
in man is awesome truly incredible a
blessing to have each and every one of
you a part of this life we love you we
will see you tomorrow
thank you for everything thanks for
hanging out tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow
tomato tomahto
tell me um what pet you have what animal
do you have what have you done we'll
talk about any losing stories that's too
much positive pet stories got a cool
farm pest stories I'm gonna we'll be in
the comments for a little while talking
to you guys I want some fun cat stories
man like some coolants you have a good
pet story can be a good way to end this
a fun pet story I have one my parents
got my cat thumper before I was born
right before I was born all right
thumper black cat little white patch
right here's my best buddy slept in my
crib with me this cat was incredible
yeah but that was back then everything
was a while now that you change it is a
different day so it was like 65 years
ago 66 before we moved across we thought
the cat was gone like we moved the cat
disappeared for a long time like weeks
and weeks weeks the cat's gone we've had
this cat our whole life after a long
time the cat was at the old house he
traveled from a new house all the way to
an old house for weeks that's where he
was we found him at the old house we
just say that cat lived to 21 years old
I was about 24 when that cat past 21
years old cat did Wow I thought you got
the cat right before you were born
oh so I was only 19 just sayin
hello this tutorial you're right okay so
the cat was older than the cat died when
he was 21 which would have made me only
I wasn't three years the cat was older
than me
he lit 21 I love that crap number you
can call me thumper if you want him what
movie
love you guys beautiful you want of a
kind smile Mon what flash
you
