hey guys welcome to the vaad this is our
day yeah 100 could be 50 Ron is the
track a little drier today No so Sidney
whoa not about feed looks movement Oh Oh
trying to get this racetrack figured out
it's hard with the little cars and get
out my way Bob anyway guys welcome to
the vlog you show them Empire and you're
shown where the donkeys at today the
donkey first time wearing me yeah here
yeah first time ever donkeys on the
loose he is free-range chicken right now
where is he oh boy oh boy donkeys on the
loose
he's got the whole yard now he can go
wherever he wants I guess he almost
walked in the smoke more so today like
went to the garage and just started he
hauling oh there they are all the way
out there Oh
- monkeys live in the drain dude he can
go anywhere now which whoa is crazy to
think that we just have a donkey Roman
property there he is there he is come
here buddy what's up dude he needs like
a horn when he comes from oh man you
know some people have cats walking
around that coffee can be hot dogs we
have a we have Empire crazy donkey okay
so income are harder than I thought it
would be to be honest I thought we would
have some crazy Rizzo but it's tough its
way trickier than I thought it would be
54:13 yeah game fair come practice
practice you going to come practice boy
cat it ain't good anyways if you watch
yesterday's vlog I built this little
indoor dirt tabletop track slash kitchen
table for Brit the day we've actually
got some new projects around the house
that gotta be done look at this house
dude how's it going to happen I'll know
who installed it as well or whoever did
is not good at it guys I got to be
honest after being on vacation for
almost two weeks coming back to Ohio
Ohio has a weird statement it's very
graphic we have like a 60% coverage
year-round a cloud you've got to work
very hard to keep your mental state high
when there's not a lot of sunshine when
it's great you tend to be I don't know a
little more down so I work very hard on
my positivity all the time
headed into town real quick my Brittany
wrangles our little farm get some
supplies just getting a house in order
while I am a home we are be making some
announcements soon about that but just
try to get the house in order it's like
literally we've done so much there that
it does start to fall apart so you've
gotta fix it you got to take care of it
and I need a handyman that's really what
I need I don't know if I'm the guy for
the job but uh I'm working I'm trying
I'm trying trying to you better come on
baby no key and checked Harper yeah I
found my first problem with a keyless
car basically you have a key but you
don't have to plug it in so you can
start the car long as the key is near
the car well I didn't bring a key
somehow it did start with the key near
mate but then I set it back down inside
and now I have no key
I have no key except to leave the car
running I feel like that how it used to
be like when I was a kid my parents
always left the car running when they
went inside or like I don't know
everything was different there's no car
seat running right in the car seat lots
change am i that old I do this Britany
some funky little lightbulbs I never
even seen lightbulbs like this I
probably get the wrong ones for sure you
send me out for eggs I'll probably come
back with a chicken I get the worst
stuff every time curtains curtains oh my
gosh can you imagine we have a girl my
whole life is gonna change you look good
a minute all right
back door curtain rod should you really
eat this should be simple anybody can do
it right it's a pretty cool pretty like
I don't know why Napoli or something I
feel like the curtain rods the easy part
it's the six thousand options for
curtains that you know length and
distance against the back door be easy
because you just need you just see what
all right that's going to have to do
what the heck am I going to fix I'm not
I'm not going to fix this already broke
I'm just going to kind of cover it up
maybe hang these higher so you can't see
all the flaws on the wall law on the
wall or something is I sounds like ban
me off the wall I don't know guys pretty
soon I'm going to be moving up to the
big boy belts keep this building stuff
up you know what I mean look at this
full of talk to you like a hammer and
yeah good news guys the car still here
cartoons still playing in the back come
on sunshine you can do it you got to be
out there and here comes the range
all right guys running hold gonna get
into some things tonight and I'm going
to try to hang out Kurt it's going to be
so exciting I can guarantee it's going
to be probably one of the most exciting
balls you've ever seen not just on my
channel I'm talking across the board
most exciting spot dude I can stand with
a straight face I'm sorry let me in
flash let me in come on you got open
it'd be odd to be getting me the right
light bulb ah you know ro what flash man
is rainy yeah he wants to go out
probably what is that a sausage game
okay sausage what is that what is that
soon run out guess oh yes
hot-diggity-dog e well that coals on the
wrong get my crap if anybody's got that
house in Maui we talked about earlier
hit me up a certain look like a man's
garage in here like I'm growing up kind
of it still looks a little childish look
at the yard it's not even a yard anymore
it's just mud mud I've learned anything
from building things and working on
projects that you got to have a good
ladder something like this 130 something
you can move around easily climb up on
and die I want Matt well if you call the
right guy a lot of fun we got to the job
you think I should eat nice protein you
need some energy
okay you want to help me hang this stuff
nan flash you want to help me nobody I
got it
don't you worry about you guys for long
we have a nice closed off section here
and you just be thanking me you just be
second me can I pause pause pause the
eat how is it - mac and cheese sausage
it's like I wouldn't mix the sausage
with the mac and cheese with a big yo
hot dogs the best if you guys sell we're
uh we're kind of off the sugar kick I
mean perfect the wings are homemade
completely she makes all the all the
stuff but Oh in the sausage yeah what
the old in with the new and look here's
the problem nothing actually happened up
there
both the bracket broke in different
places different weld spots they broke
their and there here's the thing this is
the same company no well-disposed there
look they changed it they changed their
method for it the old ones have these
little tack welds and basically they
break that's the problem taller you
don't like it I thought it was like the
most neutral to the house it'll match
the night the new table it was awesome
we have to do it for us like dry these
so they're not wrinkled love no and I
think it's like a shower curtain no no
it could be a shower cream can't see
through it it's like they need to on the
dryer or something how do you get the
wrinkles out with horrible
this way oh geez it looks like that just
stay there for the rest of the night
yeah is that how it goes I looked the
other way
you got this I have faith in you oh you
might have a point
all right fine fine
Little Miss know-it-all hey um you're
out wait you're not going to put this in
a rocket on it hey top mattress your
solution how many times have we hung
curtains on this back door but wait
you're rude
wait you need to put the center brace on
because that's why they've all been
falling oh that's it erases just for
luck honey there's no perfect dinner
break okay it was pretty important
resurrect we'd never have snow break
you're right horrible but fun and an old
pair of hands are you like home that's
how you are Naoki sure and they're too
short this way you got a mess straight
up they look like the advertisement for
a window that is true why did I see a
door look like crap game you you put it
on there better than dad yes you could
hey Romans over here is OCD is really
good nice looks like has an old shirt
you found in the quads are hanging on
the wall I think you know what let me
pull up screen back up on camera I think
we can get away with it doesn't look
that bad on camera guys I gotta live I
did a good job literally been sitting
here for like ten minutes like the lines
just aren't one right it's so like nice
not doing is nothing I'm just like so I
have to pick up skip it's so weird how I
don't care about most things like I can
that yards trash pulled car parts
everywhere but like some about curtains
hanging like drugs me not leave that and
then like Swamp Thing hanging from that
thing
catch them on fire
got a good concept I got an idea
what if one day they design things like
this like currents and stuff for the
everyday person to be able to walk in
and actually do it you know what I mean
could I feel like I have my head on
right but when I went in there I found
curtains I found a rod and I did it
they're too short they're not long
enough I mean there's got to be like a
cat outside what's it called um you know
when it's when it's friendly to a human
this is not human friendly this is like
I got to go to school and I encourage be
like a firmware laugh at mommy delivery
sounds like you love me so much
laughs viewers be leveled last few a day
oh hold on in hey just want to be the
donkey with me know what's up my man
what's up baby
he was definitely asleep you know if you
guys uh ever decide to get a donkey I
just want you to know that it's mainly
just uh you know it's a give-give
relationship case he's in a job man it's
a lot of work having an animal - sighs
come on buddy you know of me why because
there's no hay down you know thing is
dude his head pop when you said hey his
head popped up like a rocket no he wants
green oh he likes that he likes that I
need you to try not gonna get nothing
ahead oh yeah my mama she never goes
dude
think honey oh Jesus I mean like I'm
trying
try piece of it but he does like eat
some straw how many days a week this
whole blog things like what is this guy
in here doing this about be a straw
party just probably like a week
maybe yes sorry week week-and-a-half all
right bye buddy get some sleep he looks
like we woke him up for sure what's
awesome is he's actually in sleeping
because he ran around the yard today he
had front that kind of energy off since
we had a flash what flash what when you
just partying in here all right honey
serious question this is serious let's
just say I don't know why I'm filming
this but let's just say like I was going
to like if we were at a jewelry store
and we were looking at range like what
would be the ring like I don't know like
girls have like this thing like half a
carrot a carrot like what kind of ring
would you just like a ring or like an
engagement no just like it no I know but
like if it was like a what are they
called carat one carat half carat
quarter carat three carat to parrot like
how does that all work like the bigger
the better right three carats I have no
idea well why are you asking I'm asking
like wickley as a girl what kind of ring
would carry a hundred K yeah like super
complicated like if I was buyer if you
went into a store which one would you
get like what would you want from me
anything I don't care I don't know
rattle flash no but a bag a flash let's
just say like I was I know this is
sounding weird now like I was at the
store and I picked up to reach
everything you'd be party really big
right is huge
I mean it's not that big but yeah I mean
in the dying day wait bigger than this
one three carats this you know how many
is this cash like under a microscope
that was me but I found you a 3-karat is
the dollar store it's three carats every
girl wants three carats does it fits
even sense if the shoe fits well on my
thumb or even wearing like when it's
three carats is every girl talks about
honestly kid want bigger we could oh
yeah you could have went five carat we
could have done a whole carrot we could
have done a whole 10 carat ring you
would have the first 10 carat
probably Oh random thing you maverick I
know it was even off we're talking about
Italy how do I give this ring to her
without oh I hear you over here dude
I hear you boy I hear ya drop it nope
nope yeah he's such a good listener how
come you don't get me anything like that
I got you three carrot rain baby oh I
get a boo-boo
it's alright guys we do love you thank
you for hanging out with me today I told
you it can be exciting like I I tried to
free warn you about the excitement it
was next level look at this and you know
they look nice now being like a pro
Kanan into that we love you guys thanks
for hanging out with us you are
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
