hello hello welcome to the never started
the blog with hello we are going to my
brother Dale his boy Dale birthday today
yesterday was Mohawk 80th birthday today
is my little nephew see I got it right
nephew I never known the nephew thing I
know my cousins I met few I just don't
use that word much we are going to take
this over these are fun no it's like a
mix of fun some are terrible some are
good some are okay but what I thought is
not to actually play the game but to
hand out a jelly bean you know what
these are I'm assuming they're jelly
beans some taste bad some taste good
my thought was I'm just gonna hand them
out one to every kid in that it's a
party and then we're all just gonna eat
them at the same time and see what
happens I think it's a good idea right
huh what do you mean what if we get like
barf
that is great oh just part of the game
give it to bear a bit to be king you
ready bud let's do it is how much you're
giving him so me neither dance or these
I love the big heart
he's turning eight
so a big giant heart card it's funny
right
uncle Romans got to give him a terrible
card yesterday
80th birthday today eighth birthday
yesterday was eight Oh in today's oay
Big O eight did your five and he's eight
Noah's 12 Wow that's good math I am
going to make the funniest thing ever in
this card you know your side you should
put like hugs and kisses from your
cousin Noah happy birthday my dude sick
nasty was that your guys's Club the sick
nasty how do I get in club kids yeah
what there's only one join happy
Valentine's Day Gail we just heart you
mmm mmm but look at this look at this
look at this love twenty forty sixty
eighty a hundred buckaroos dude and you
can buy you know much you can buy four
hundred dollars now there's not much
when I was a kid for my birthday getting
a $20 bill was probably like getting a
hundred now twenty was huge when I was a
kid twenty I will say a hundred is still
big for an eight-year-old hundred is a
big big gift like fifty is probably big
forty you're excited about photos
finally it's finally clear is farley
good it's been thunderstorms I remember
last the way on a thunderstorm during
the day it's always at night time it was
like pounding today I'm just thinking
how clear my speech was getting and then
BOOM and then wait for it
they'll never go after you're like a
teenager they go they don't I'll be
fifty enough
temple dude huh just kidding we're back
at the house it never ever failed that
we forget something and have to come
back to the house I've done this my
whole life it's like you just leave and
then you turn around maybe you guys do
the same thing but we forgot literally
the most important thing and that is the
birthday card no I just I just feel like
I needed to take advantage of this
moment you know like we didn't put
anything on the front of card so I was
thinking like happy birthday damn he's
eight right it's the things things are
plenty at eight my jokes are funny at
eight eight like if I had a crowd at
eight year old I'm good like that's my
that's where I'm good I think they can
love that I start to lose funny I don't
see what we can do here I just hate I
just googled cartoon turds that's
exactly what I guess maybe it's maybe
it's a scoop of chocolate ice cream
maybe it's a made I don't know
boom done happy birthday Dale now I'm
going to own up to this I'm going to
film his exact reaction when I hand in
the card and maybe it's going to be
nothing and then we'll find out if maybe
I need to move to like seven year olds
maybe entertain six year olds maybe
that's my gain maybe that's that's where
I need to head or if you laugh and I
know I got this so it's sitting back
inside Britney needs a teacher to adjust
text we can you bring me teachers so
we're good we're just people back and
forth if I have learned anything in my
relationship is that I picked the wrong
thing no matter what since I picked the
wrong thing no matter what I almost feel
like I should purposely pick something
terrible just to get a reaction actually
take the right t-shirt I don't know what
to take her oh my gosh I got three three
options one of these has to work I'm
going to my brother's that is it no more
turning around we're going to go enjoy
some family time Dale's birthday and
have some fun
I knew I grabbed the wrong one so I just
got three hopefully out of three I
nailed it at least one no yeah
happy third day that's it where's
birthday boy hey birthday boy I really
know
see you - hey I'm looking for little
Dale nothing weak mad no is piano oh my
gosh smile more baby yeah what are you
guys doing I showed you guys just before
in the log but it's really starting to
shed itself you know what happens you
fall through that hole dude this is the
parachute trampoline and it is wild it
is super cool actually it's held on by
so many ropes going all directions
everywhere even straight up into the
middle only my brother Dale only my
brother Dale can contribute something
like this ok give me thumbs up dude give
me thumbs up
guess what did I got your card read it
read it
yeah I need some sunscreen for that burn
Dale you read it read it that's it it's
mine I'm keeping it do this elf
dangerous happy birthday right oh my get
up I know they look like fake swords
make sure they're real nice sharpening
hurt you're gonna hurt me Oh their
merciless back wall hey nice cake buddy
look I got you look what I got you
oh is that like happy birthday me maybe
that's my audience that's why it's right
there that's my char give me five buddy
time for some present you go buddy got
your card look what came out of it no I
think you got to earn it now I think you
got to earn it now see now you want you
want my money now looking he's dropping
money what's up
is that your weapon of choice game it's
you get alright they're doing pinata and
that's a great idea they'll get all
these crazy phone weapons actually are
hard yeah they are not - everyone's
picking there wasn't Matt that that
looks like a good choice dude bull
Conrad with the ballistic battle bat
fire just looks so fun get it get over
oh we got to make it harder than that
Oh hit it he is like swinging to win for
sure he's gonna take something out he
hits that pillow your old decks coming
down but so far there's a part of me
that wishes other kid right now I can
get shot passionate little pokemon
pinata
Conrad's up and Kate oh my gosh he just
stone-cold killer
Oh Danny Tommy varieties guess they
wasn't done that if you fill it with
carrots ladies and gentlemen they call
him Kane the killer hurricane stepping
up to the plate he's got his long sword
weighing in at 75 pounds amazing he's
even lifted all right buddy you're going
in okay all right I get this guy on you
can't see okay put your sword up alright
I'm here ready hold your sword all right
there it is okay I'm gonna spin him but
there it is
alright now let's spend ready 1 we do
three spin two three get it oh he
connected
buddy stand back stand back get it game
hit a game BAM
give me five man do you got it so close
I think when we pitch you know it's good
now now you don't have a blindfold so
when it plus you can run up and get it
you guys couldn't pull it off we got the
big dog coming in with the pinata
pounder however always whatever your age
is has been just you ready straight
honey okay ready yeah we won I'm gonna
be just as busy okay three we're going
to do five spins for five ready yep nope
you're free to shoot you're free to
shoot come on you got to hit that dang
black cat thing hard I full speed oh gee
someone's head getting taken off for
sure the safest pinata game I've ever
seen cane I don't know how you got out
of there dude Oh sugar daddy can I have
one oh come on you just gotta jump
that's how you do it just like your dad
little Cat Cat in the water do it yes
you got this come on there you go is it
gold pins a hot tub all right guys so
the kids have this side come on clear
out my friend to clear up you moon there
we go okay well Kim the kids decided
getting poor I have this rubber snake
which unfortunately no it and cane seen
so there have any fun but I got fishing
string a rubber snake I'm going to see
if I can pull it across the pole and
break some kids up so there's no doubt
this going through the water will look
like this scary I mean I would be gone
sofa I need snake I can't imagine this
one through the water only a couple kids
left in the pool I'm just going to drop
it in there on a raft so they're safe
it's like maybe I should be like your
head swim here and then I'll have it
behind them and I'm just going to play
around with it I think either way it
looks really real in the water it
freaked me out in multiple times I look
scary now on Aubry be careful in there
you never know what could be in there
Hey look down on this behind you Talon
behind you he grabbed it for a split
second the only kid in the pool happened
to be a snake lover like the kid is not
terrified but this second did it look
like real it looks like a real snack
from here you had to go into a public
swimming pool and get like that'd be
like the next prank for the channel
right there like that was lit wanted you
to do that for two years but yes you
induced panic basically what you do have
my legal henna them
yeah they legit will get you for
inducing panic because people are
terrified of snakes yes they've tried to
get me for those charges even on the
street so I can't imagine in the water
where someone could potentially drown
you know how to consume away from it and
towards woman you were trying to get a
ride home no I watched me I know you do
I scared the wrong person I don't you
told me your kill of snake he's the only
kid in the pool hey who wants the
jellybeans
jellybean everybody in wait some are
good some are good listen you got a
50-50 chance you get a really good
jellybean who's in it I'll do it with
you you have to spin oh yeah to get a
bean you already ate it
how is it alright ready
I'll do it with you dad Dale everybody
then family is all right Dale spin it
hey wait wait wait hang on that's what
you got
you're not gonna do it knowing it yeah
it is not real it away you don't have to
boil milk I'm going to hand everybody
one jelly beans reach it close your eyes
and grab a jelly oh my god I'm in the
best way I reach and grab one then just
to intimidate was it legs like a car or
a kitten grab one I wanna reach any
grandma hrbp colored rings yeah
lon okay I close my eyes I want to see
you eat five of them just grab five and
eat them but the other one could have
been more do anything Hey you can't do
blue here we go so many flavors
Oh goodbye the grass clipping gotta go
alligator Oh strawberry it is you gotta
get with me the strawberry you want more
strawberries I have a bunch of them you
want more scrubber yeah she wants more
strawberry strawberry what tastes good
give me another strawberry another
strawberry come another strawberry
coming up mmm yummy another strawberry
coming up you want a strawberry Dale
there shall be a battle in there right
this is like fish all right we're doing
that warp saying we're headed out of
Dale's what an awesome day awesome
birthday awesome boy I love you Oh
donkey still up punk you go here uh no
I'm fine Rome in the land I'll out like
cockroaches flash I love you hey we're
trying to teach you to say I love you I
love you I love you flash I love you
flash I love you too buddy
okay so we have been actually Noah has
been talking about a YouTube channel for
a while this has been like a serious
time actually almost every day come so
soon he's like so dad
so dad do it do it how you do it so uh
Matt he does that all the time
throughout the day and I'm all like yeah
what he like catches me off guard
and then I'm like oh I know your tongue
low so we've been talking about possibly
potentially maybe a new channel of some
sort now obviously Noah wants to do game
Nick hey let me ask you something if it
was going to be a gaming channel would
it be PlayStation games would be
computer games would it be computer
that's it obviously gaming is uh it's
fun to watch like I find myself watching
like games with Cain these are no on
YouTube you can just like I'm like I
never understood it but the more we
watch video like games and commentary
it's just fun to watch I don't know what
it is but it is it's entertaining
what would our channel look like like
what would it be like to be like goofy
serious gameplay that's it is that a
computer game gonna kind of see you guys
first thing you got to know about
YouTube know is you got to have like a
banner a channel banner it a good
profile picture not like our vlog
channel if I look at this thing if I
look at the vlog channel thumbnail and
I'm going to throw out so everyone's got
a device like a gaming device right no I
can't see you bud and then you need a
dog to walk by that's very important for
doing our gaming channel banner ready
okay this is a little like a banner
okay I think we got it we got it
that is our official non official gaming
banner right there now how many gaming
channels that pretend to be us are going
to take that tomorrow and put it on
their game Channel and save our gaming
guys we do not have a gaming channel
there are gaming channels that claim to
be us but it's not us I think you guys
know some of you don't know asking if we
should make a gaming channel absolutely
should make a gaming channel good one
Oh word get the Sun screen out Kane I'm
hot one day you kids are going to grow
up be like my dad really wasn't that
funny
that's a definite we love you guys we
are out of here thank you for hanging
out we will see you to 1 bouncy one day
you'll think that because right now you
think I'm hilarious you like I'm
hilarious
ok see you guys tomorrow thank you so
much for hanging out with us literally
hanging out with my gosh if it's not
flash it's Kane it's just your belly
button out of here I'm just trying to
end the vlog we love you guys you're
beautiful
you're way more beautiful to me look at
this smile more oh you're one of a kind
I messed that all up
you
