back oh my gosh
but you would read integrally no no help
me help me
it's a job yeah I got almost I'll be
back okay you're gonna miss me
I'm gonna miss you more fine oh my gosh
you were great integrally no no help me
ah help you have no idea how excited I
would be if I seen a tornado like I
still want to go on one of those like
tornado chasing the experience I want to
do that I've always wanted to drag back
one time there was this huge storm and
we've seen like a tube it's a toy stock
and fielding stuff and I cut I was a
film at that time but dude it's crazy
out here it's like super crazy out it's
like Wendy just kidding guys it's nice
and sunny
five minutes later guys are you ready
like right now tell me if you're ready
let's start a reset right now mental
reset positive minds that maybe maybe
the surger day you need a nice little
I start a refresher all problem set
aside positive thinking maybe you're
just going to bed and you're ready to
just just get rid of whatever happy
today start fresh you're going to sleep
so good have a problem amazing dream and
you're going to wake up ready to take on
and another day is giving to you like
how cool is that we got a team up we've
got to work together motivate each other
pick each other up when we're down we're
all I was in its we're all fighting
something whether it's song whether it's
huge
we're all fighting if we can help each
other fight we're way better as a team
and by ourselves team up help each other
man there's no point picking on that guy
over there that girl is so pointed help
that person they're fighting something
maybe a lot bigger than your fighting
pick them up welcome to the blog guys
kind of a weird day I'm just going to
show you what I'm doing and let's get
moving
have an awesome day either way I love
you guys man I'm on your team
don't forget that let's go all right so
what do we got going on today is
probably not that exciting for you guys
but this car is really weird you
actually have to turn it off to open the
trunk I think I've never figured it out
completely but anyways two white buckets
that's our day you've had the exact same
smile more website since the beginning
of time I don't think we've really
changed we add products but we've never
changed the website it's been the same
thing since we started and today we are
starting the process of redoing the
entire smile Moore store so basically
it's going to look different it's going
to feel different it's just going to be
a new website same website new look so
where does that all start well it pretty
much starts with product photos
basically photos of every product we
make I told you this is going to be
exciting my god I told you I was going
to say the same thing I that's it so
we're basically just mean this is the
website right it's not horrible it's not
bad I mean leach my kids and Britney's
in it but it's time to upgrade guys
we're going to make this look nicer and
fun and I've got like the best team we
this photo I'm not just saying that when
he's around with his camera I know that
the next day I'll have like the greatest
photos yes it's awesome so he's going to
do you guys know we do our own photos I
usually just roll out a piece of paper
take the picture and post it we're going
to step it up a little bit it's a
business that's really it we need to we
need to make it I'm better I guess
paparazzi with permission that's because
you're around corners lurking and
waiting for that right moment so here's
the only spot so you guys know the
website is based around my family my
kids
Brittany myself we are on the photos
well Britney's like super pregnant right
now
so I don't think that part is going to
happen till after the kid so it might be
product photos for the next couple
months are you guys moving we're just
going to move on
I don't think that's anything that
interests any book sunshine Wu spent
quite a bit of time there guys just
designs we know we're designing a
website from scratch basically so it's a
lot of just sitting and talking and and
preparing for you know what the stores
going to look like and how cool can make
it that you need new things you can do
with technology - my mind's blown what
you can do with websites now so the
source should be very fun unique and
just touch the new a new look that's the
most important thing i'ma head home
right now burn up quite a bit of my day
I'm so sorry about that but we're going
to go home check on the family run I
think we're going to go out for a little
bit so I don't know let's go and hope
you're having just an awesome day guys
can't keep keep it keep it going sup
dudes what's up we're doing fresh Haim
bar I see you I don't want to get
jealous flash on me
hi bud what's up - backflips ready one
two oh come on you got this I know you
got this one well as close one to see
and part you need a good scratching come
here do it let's do it where's my boy
where's my boy oh not happy to see daddy
not happy to see daddy tired huh hey
well you guys been sleeping or what like
walking into a zombie rasam be that
there's my boy you didn't miss me he's
all mine flash he's all mine flash you
miss me yes
no don't leave don't leave baby I'm
sorry
don't lamb is a joke though we got to
run out because tomorrow is mom'll 80th
surprise but she has no idea what we're
doing and we are going to surprise her
with a little bit birthday and I'm
showing the kids what do you think is it
unbelievable yeah so I got something
that I really want to show you guys I
think I'm going to post it I just block
this up on Twitter so good check this
out this is like a huge thing and we're
gonna have a blast or what it's gonna be
next level next level what do you think
it's crazy when you sent it to me -
there's a girls am i right so we are
what I'm gonna I don't want to like say
anything just go over to my Twitter and
check it out it's going to be it's just
one of the announcements that I really
wanted to make not really yeah no it's
awesome
you're gonna check you know how long
we're coming for you guys there cocaine
they're coming for you they're looking
for you you got three stars dude let's
get boots get let's get let's get out of
a car yeah we're going to see the Wizard
Oh get that four flash game you guys try
this audiences oh it's so adorable
yeah what kind of parties mom won't have
him like what a 880's so Dora the
Explorer oh it's my little girl Nora hi
Nora
you should play we should get to that
and you should be Nora yeah yes okay you
nor the Explorer yeah no you got to
change your voice to Caine Nora's here
Nora you remember Nora oh you haven't
met Nora let me see oh jeez oh jeez
Ruthie
mr. hotdog man dude you guys are riding
your four-wheelers like that yeah giant
confetti can't these are like my
favorite oh look a champagne bottle that
blows up it's like a confetti champagne
confetti most people are probably
getting eight in a zero I think we get
eighty little candles and we put 80 real
candles on the cake it looks like a
bonfire Fire Department first I don't
know what you think we did it we need a
bigger car or we good that's a pretty
serious that's a pretty serious party
right there that's a big deal
thank you there was like this much 80
stuff over there oh we got oh there is a
hill here oh oh two carts for mall mall
you gotta load up the truck who don't
take a while cuz they go up one at a
time I actually like vlogging about
somebody that doesn't watch the vlogs
because it's like if it was Britney's
birthday tomorrow I wouldn't got a blog
about it because she would see it there
no other canes or family members of
model doesn't watch the vlog
so I think we're safe Paul has internet
but doesn't use it one thing's for sure
mom is going to have it oh you got me
you got a night shining armor I was a
good hook dude you hooked me hey we
still get mama some crazy where we get
her okay I can't even imagine like
recapping what we've done from all over
the last like her life is completely
changed we've got her a brand new car we
just took her to Hawaii we took her on
her dream trip to Vegas Las Vegas we uh
well she got to go to LA for the first
time with us
here's why first class yes she got a
first class flight
tried to take her skydiving which is
still in the works I really wish we
could have done that tomorrow birthday
oh I know I know I know we're still
trying to make that happen
um it's right at the list is crazy like
those are the ones that I can remember
but it's been awesome for Mama's whole
YouTube change in our life when we met I
was super broke could never do anything
from home or like she was doing
everything for us and now we've been
able to return the favor
did you keep driving me really good
party Empire we're here buddy where
here's gets flash left up here thank you
guys
Empire come here what's going on up here
there's like a kid takeover I'm scared
to even come up here scared place is
trashed trashed trashed dude this
upstairs you guys just for take over me
you sure you sure about that
I made the walkway it was God his gaming
a sinner looking pretty awesome dude I
love it all matching three all right
guys check out our new ceiling that's
pretty cool hey there's oh that's pretty
terrible for my camera
oh ho light machine yo our couch is
ridiculous all the time it's like a I
don't know it's like we just store
things on here so we got approved yeah
so guys we got why don't you explain it
I don't really know pull that picture of
us so we got approved today for adoption
of our donkey so we will have when are
we getting it how does it work okay so
she we had to send all these photos like
are born in a place where it's going to
sleep our fins are like we had to like
do an application to get and adopt a
donkey and we got to prove today she
said for finals
oh the email me of pictures of your
animal firebox you're gonna love it so
we go through four we didn't get
approved I'll show some I don't think we
gotta forget you called me so excited
saying guess what I was like what you
were like I mean you are at and then the
service went out so Mike what is it tell
me was like the single Toy Story your
application got approved
oh my gosh who is thought it this hard
to get another donkey guy like its legit
process I called so many places but like
I'm not gonna drive to Kentucky or
Turkey
this is one of the pictures Britney sent
like that's that sells it right there
like yes they need a donkey barn for a
donkey and our donkey anyway guys we're
going to end the vlog thanks for hanging
out over on Twitter go check out this is
a big release actually not any of the
announcements that I was I'm talking
about I'm gonna be making some big
announces and this actually doesn't have
to do with that but it is cool I think
you guys will enjoy it's going to be fun
for everybody we love you you're
beautiful you guys are beautiful too
because this is your one of a kind smile
off
alright guys so I in the blog last night
and I just had to continue this vlog
into that we haven't done that for a
long time where we continue the vlog but
I just have to show you what just
happened at my house I couldn't resist
sharing with you get normally I just
wouldn't put this in the blog actually
I've never put it in the blog but a tow
truck literally just drove through our
gate like I can't make this stuff it's
like plowed through our gate it really
sucked it's actually really bad news but
look at this I'm just going to drive out
show you guys so the weird thing is I
actually just got home and I got a
picture from Brittany I'm not seeing the
picture first because it's actually
ridiculous like I would like confused on
how this even happened okay leave it
this is our gate currently this is this
is now what our gate looks like guys it
is so bad I can't like we've had this
for a long time and nobody's ever like
it's not even come close to being hit
before so this is new and we're actually
really shocked and it's really really
freaking expensive and it's not easy to
get replaced that's a big pain in the
model so this is uh one of the pieces
fucking hate kids
plum mine is blown oh my gosh okay it's
going to reopen its like broke it keeps
opening watch out dude
my poor little sign my poor little son
okay so now it's officially the end of
the vlog guys we're going to figure all
this out we've got bunch of people
coming over actually the installers of
the gate got to come and they're going
to try to it's just the paint is really
just a pain in the butt I'm not even I
don't know how I feel about it it sucks
obviously but life happened Lee weird
things happen like there's this accident
you know I mean so we love you guys we
will see you tomorrow you're beautiful
one of a kind smile mwah
