you won't bite
do you want by look like you've been
partying girl uh-uh uh-uh I don't want
that
no no carrots eating a baby is like
double you gotta feed them and then
bathe them all of all at once it's like
a it's like a double double trouble what
does that carrot rock wanna make good
baby food yo show your sister how to eat
future so you got to put your face in it
to eat it right oh yeah yeah big bite
you big bite so you gotta want it up get
flash flushes cleanup crew always on
standby welcome to the vlog guys we're
on course for a very laid-back day here
at the outlet house no one's in here
making some kind of uh I mean literally
rice peas and this is all freeze-dried
this whole meal came out of this jar
that my mother my his grandma
freeze-dried and then you put it in
water and it becomes a meal it's kind of
a cool cool idea and you love rice are
you doing hot dogs seriously gabbatha
okay you know what's the we are
literally hanging out in the kitchen we
got all these baby foods and course kind
of trying it out it's just kind of it's
a new it's a whole new experience yeah
you're doing good girl Cora hey hey girl
go ahead girl get it get it just made a
rack it's like Cora has to learn how to
eat we have to learn how to feed her
it's it's it's just a lot of learning
isn't it strange when hot dogs literally
come out of the same pack with their
different colors like it always happens
is here they come out different colors
dude I can't explain bars on this nice
nice nice nice nice nice toss it on just
that like a smoked sausage or some type
of like sausage to put in this but no I
was like how about hot dogs yeah we'll
try it see how it goes looks good what
do they think they like it
he's camping boy okay so Brit Brit found
these they're like literally grocery
bags but why are they so cool for cats
got them all crazy
what you got in there nitro Oh partying
ha he's a party kid who kicked flash out
flash what are you doing
he's just starin at us Korra are you
done eating pretty girl
are you done en hang on if Cora can't
eat this week and eat it what is this
this is sweet potatoes it's probably
delicious I mean she's in she she's in
China you gotta try it
Caine you'll try it come on you guys
knowing man let's do it still just a you
know that's good that's it that's a
sample taste I think well actually so
experience okay right yeah you had
almost the same face she just like
tomato soup it smells like tomato soup
it's sweeter than I thought you keeping
her the whole day all cats are starting
to go crazy oh yeah she is
you sure hey Korra watch mommy there you
go sweet potato bill sweet potato bill
is it good oh come on Jane you can't run
you can't run just one little bite how
about if I do it you do it then you
better get to the top of this wall so I
can't catch you you gotta get up there
you better get up there I'm coming for
you oh I can't reach your mouth now it's
the only getaway
hey just so you know you've already had
this so ha I'm gonna try I'm gonna try
for real
ready it's good it's like tomato soup
carrot looks so ornery that she had you
better run boy get up that wall man you
living on the edge les wants to try it
blast les likes it flushes that's good
that's good stuff
and you're doing a great job just keep
frying I'm hot we'll toss them in this
is turning into good stuff right here I
like your shoes dude those look fast I
bet if you kept those shoes on you
couldn't get away from me
with the baby food yeah you better run
you better run
oh you left your shoes I don't even have
it now we feast on the rice and the dogs
no baby food
you know what is awesome this is
actually really really awesome I've
already killed a plate I'm about to go
get enough you're going into the black
hole of comfort once you're in you can't
come out what back up back up I wouldn't
get up either you're getting cuddle time
that's so rare back up all right
back up Oh looks like Daddy
oh whatever okay I'm just gonna straps
it I don't fall asleep on the couch ever
I have before I have but I will say I
tried to avoid sitting at all times you
almost always see me moving standing
moving around cuz if I sit I do get
tired I'm fall asleep chill talking
about what sorry yeah but you backed it
up you took you took sides so as you
guys can see this is a very laid back
we've been gone for the last two days
and today is more about just hanging out
the house taking it easy hanging with
the kids maybe playing some games
watching some TV with Korra very very
chill we just we've eaten and uh this is
not current day this is actually a blog
and we've just been hanging out we've
been goofing off you like this painting
cool right remember why you started
don't forget it I don't know where I'm
gonna put it but I got this one too
check this out this one says you miss a
hundred percent of the shots you don't
take means if you don't try
it's a trigger I also hooked up the VR
again you guys know last it was
Christmas before life there's two
Christmases ago we got the VR while you
point behind me oh yeah like to Chris's
get three hour that was unlooked-for why
let's get up recently this week so
everybody he jumped over you super fun
super cool so we've been kind of goofing
off on there
you guys are hunting for leftovers
aren't Chuck you out here Haughton you
out here huh one thing that I personally
I'm gonna use this water bottle for a
tripod real quick maybe I have this I
don't need to do that one thing I
firstly have to do is order new cameras
I'm still on my very old you guys know
I've broken all my cameras I always have
multiple new cameras but I happened to
break both of them at the same time
terrible situation so I gotta get on
order new cameras this is an old g7x
there's new
it's an old model and my laptop step
winner winner chicken dinner that is
hilarious the weight is just awesome pop
up up whoa get it Cora get it huh
I think I like it as much as she does
if not more get it core put it here put
it there
say wait what don't do this put it here
Cora there you go watch holy smokes it
actually is current day right now look
at our window boom
can't even see out of it ice snow ah
this is the worst way to do it I don't
have a scraper with it so actually had
no intentions whatsoever of doing
current-day vlog today last night the
kids and I we ended up jumping into
video games I played from VR to
battlegrounds - what else - I played
some game with chase and in Brittany and
Corinth at a passing out early and I
just went off the radar we didn't pick
up I didn't pick up the camera for the
rest of Tice that's why I have a games
got games got games got it was darn
addictive games man so here we are kind
of putting a second half onto this video
for you guys current day off no and I
headed up what's up know what up no one
I headed up to the day's got a
disappointment it's always me and Kane
and whatever nuts we knew you go go like
nice and warm out for the last few days
and now it's back to freezing cold
everything's ice and snow I don't know
if we have anything left to do on the
pond but maybe we can pull something off
the ice huh you haven't done the dunk
yet what this is gonna do this this is
gonna tell you what teeth are gonna
pulled it technology you're being tested
to go on to another planet no this is
gonna tell them if you're suitable for
another planet wherever I can't the
future of everything is crazy so we're
sitting at this is why I just missed
this hilarious conversation between Mike
and Noah Noah came here and he's like I
still have like half my baby teeth and
we're talking about potentially braces
coming up and what he needs to do is
mouth and in Mike disgust you have no
baby teeth left so now I don't do you
truly thought you had baby teeth left
yeah I thought I still had all my back
teeth Oh where'd they go all right
warping out of their great great job
dude no cavities isn't that you're not
you're not my son
no my son yeah I always always have
cavity had have cavities I like that
soda
I like that soda pop you know I've never
heard maybe maybe one of you have talked
like this before but no uh has talked
non-stop about wanting braces like he
wants brazen I keep telling that I think
that you think you want braces
cuz he's so excited they're like it
you're he's ready he's almost baby teeth
they're gone he's not you know he's not
gonna have him twice this is it I'm for
like two years and nose in there I guess
yes you're so excited why do you want
braces so much you have really nice tea
I mean better than mine yeah I never
heard ever somebody like I want braces
so bad like I'm sure it happens all the
time like you can see as you're older
you want braces cuz I got my teeth but
like as a kid I was the last thing I
wanted obviously my teeth aren't perfect
man you said we were one of Bahamas is
ain't about that's the perfect reaction
to that joke what man is in Canada this
hinky Beco baby it'd be cold we can
almost slide across the poles you dan
dan dan dan dan hi princess I flash I
know I know you want the love she's on
the move
she's on the move so I need some there's
gotta be something I need its Korra and
accidentally calling her Cory I'm like
Cory I'm just like the whole color Cory
tomorrow hey no one's got zero cavities
no cavities get the camera you wanna get
the camera don't get it yeah you need a
further away you'd only think how to do
pools really yeah get it Cora oh she's
gotta work for it it doesn't interest me
enough get it chloride she's so just
like yeah it'll come to me eventually
bring it to me
got my string you got my string we can
do with it oh this little girls growing
man filling a waited my whole life for
her now she's sitting up starting to
because she doesn't actually cross kind
of just pulled herself across the floor
which she got to start somewhere right
you gotta come get my string you gotta
come get it Cora come on the only thing
she's interested in right now is my
string here you wanna do you on it
sweetie come get it there you want this
now that she'll work for it
will you go big girl here you go big
girl you got it you got it work you want
things in life you got to work for it
can't just put your face down cry yeah
you go here you go how bad do you want
it actions speak louder than words Cora
yeah I'm just gonna look at my fingers
there you go there you go that's
commitment right there you got what you
wanted cuz you went after a good job mom
what she wants to scoot when she
wants to actually scoot she can move
she's like a little a little inchworm
like you guys know the drill got a
bounce so that I can start today's vlog
for tomorrow so you have a vlog tomorrow
but didn't want to leave you hanging
with a five-minute vlog yesterday so
here is a little update current day this
is exactly what we're doing right now
and I gotta figure out what we're doing
for the rest of the day I love you guys
so much
you're beautiful one-of-a-kind smile
you
