welcome to the blog guys welcome back to
our home in Ohio we are back if you
watched yesterday's vlog I ended it
right here where we had snow and it's
already melting peekaboo it's maybe the
only time literally until next year
there's snow on the track basically
we're home and we're just not settled
and yet we have so much Sun packed I
started my bag in there it's a mess it's
all over the room everything's still
here the fish are live and well Nemo
Nemo flashes rocking muddy or never roll
over boy roll over look at this dirt
that's dirt he just digs holes
he just keeps digging holes are you
trying to hide the white you just don't
want to be you just wanna be dirty I
woke up this morning and seen there was
still snow on the track and literally it
probably won't be snowy again even for
Ohio it is weird to have snow right now
in March even for us it's weird someone
take advantage of it I want to get the
truck spite half mud if it's melting
that means it's prime muddy that's all
right dang towns flood you won't go
right to Marcy's with us no kings in the
bathtub and I gotta go out and clean the
donkey's barn cleaned donkey I'll meet
you there
so like I said this could be the only
time until literally next year that the
track has some smell on it give it a
whirl too deep or they just bottomed out
you
now on my gopro keep falling off because
i think it's too cold the stickies it's
not sticky but I also didn't record
anything that I recorded how's empire hi
buddy what's up dude long Empire needs a
friend
oh really final one for a female but
she's $3,000 it's part of female donkey
yeah so don't you go for $3,000 what
nobody so here's the thing about donkeys
they get lonely and I supposed to be
blind himself so now we're looking at
another donkey two donkeys he does need
a flash of them and hang out as much he
loves that spot right there
well they didn't go exactly how we plan
it but I think the cold is also killing
batteries faster so it's a freaking box
which there's a lot of batteries that we
didn't have we got to get all the truck
synced up and put on our new wall I
don't know if you guys were here when we
built this wall but we're building like
the ultimate artsy wall on the garage
and I'm excited yours is right here for
anyone the box you get to paint it and
spend the babies right there
check on small morphs you have smile
more zoom whoa it's clean in here is
never this clean Wow
yes I'm not gonna pop sockets not
datacenter box maybe yes you put your
plugin in that idea right well we don't
even sell these but they sent us a ton
of them yeah that's pretty cool
oh we could throw them in yeah you could
do that till they're gone
so the sort has been more chefs are
being added to this place it's getting
longer which is cutting into the
shipping area find more show but we made
like a hidden secret it's not that
secret now Oh little inventory
oh yeah the white one I'm a few knees
just about every single day oh I'm
putting this on my thumb just about
every single day since we ran out of
prospectus which they sold out instantly
the first day
been two weeks since we had to like
recess to three weeks they've been out
of stock they're back in right now and
we have new ones white is your favorite
white or black sea's I don't know I
think I like the lion count like the
blacks are so it's so black on the
bottom but weight on top yeah and if you
have both if you have both you can just
switch the tops the tops come off see
these little tabs you just pop them and
you put the different top on so once you
have both you can put black or white so
far sockets are in stock right now as
I'm saying this if you want one get it
now because I'm sure today they'll all
be gone black and whites available go
get them
I absolutely love my side in fact when I
switched over to my new phone we were
out of stock so I had none so I finally
get one myself dude our stores so crazy
now it's like walking into a little
warehouse we can't quite a bit of the
slaughter and gray really yeah there's a
real agreement we're also adding a lot
of guys or stencils they are you can
spray paint them you can draw them we're
adding red black and blue today and one
more other color I'm about to show you
so this is them in the nuance are super
flexible you can bend them and squeeze
them and fold them and just about
anything you want and they go back to
normal
you guys know my brother Dale makes
these himself in our first edition we're
very hard so if you wanted to bend it
like around your shirt and paint it it
was hard to bend the new ones Bend
around just about everything you can you
can like fold it around your shoe and
spray pin it like I did you can do just
about anything with them okay shut it
glow in the dark this is the one I want
to show you guys late that LED or
something
it's alienated hmm that did you sure
like that awesome
oh man mud and snow back to the reality
of life I do want to thank everybody who
went on our trip with us last week out
for 10 days just I know you guys love us
at home and sometimes when we travel
it's kind of we don't lose a bun to you
or you just don't care to see like
everybody supported that trip so thank
you thank you thank you we are back home
we'll get back in the groove Michael I
bit a little off today got a late start
to the vlog and just like I don't know
if I've been jet lag out d cane but
maybe they
I don't know I don't want complaining
but been a little off today I'm giving
you the best that I got right now so are
you adjusting to Ohio like we are no I
feel like it's one o'clock in the
morning good not just me maybe don't cry
I'm gonna cry
get that baby away from that knife get
that baby away from that night you want
dinner or not oh my god flash one city
one honey take care of your dog go get
your dog crap Oh he'd take that thing
all the way to paradise where silly join
the truck though I'm pretty much just
going to keep sinking trucks for a
little bit and try to get them all ready
so on the tracks dry we have a whole
family brace off it didn't look like the
best thing ever right now are you
kidding me coconut water - yeah like
like like like like like look so why do
you guys send us some really really cool
artwork and some of it just has to be
framed maybe it's like pencil drawings
of us some of the pins we just got up on
I didn't mean all these I don't see so
these are ones I sent away and hide and
praying okay this is an older one we got
this one time ago but that is painful
pencil that's a really called tiny penis
and no no looks so legit I don't picture
this from the hot tub in North Carolina
yeah Kane is not feeling well I've had a
fever for like three days we'd like up
and down like it feels good it feels bad
really creatine check this up it's not
him it's me
not awesome we got the best views in
entire world that shark is amazing on
that it was better than the real cats
it'll be okay what's that up there
singer you see
no I've never seen that whoa that's a
really good one though
so we want to start framing your guys's
work like the really grew like this to
me is like that can live in our house
you know I am yeah like well I do have
some better still you know why we still
a lot of the one that does girl painted
like 20 pictures of offering all yeah
they're mental oh yeah yeah that would
be off there's no art in our house
nothing I know nothing that once
somebody sort of that so hard to
decorate it and yeah and I added to
Smith to it to show though he's like so
laid back the dog he wants to be both of
the potential joy please it's a sample
no it could be the same one no no I
don't think so
so crazy how the soybeans River Train
rose and that's pickle - yeah yeah that
one tell us what that's from 2014 well a
couple years behind wait / Oh actually
it is sueded onion eye drops or some
paper rose watch okay you know this one
is a monkey on a shot let's go through
that one's mine we have this in the
world somewhere we're logging minute I
don't think I was blogging yet Wow
yeah well 2015 okay this is when you and
I were in Las Vegas all by ourselves and
we had the chalk artists drama
we dropped mommy off I think it a
jewelry shower some yeah 2015 March 1st
almost
wait was that the trip that we could
normal yeah mom all of it
Wow crazy to think that so this is on
the board summary that's going in my
office hunter pretty shaken you remember
Billy for what I think you look a little
cuter than I do I look angry at the
world
okay this is the original is the
original yeah so this is the original
artwork for our smile more fish tank
from tank and it's got everyone's
signatures on it from the crew and from
the guys that built the tank and for
some reason they even had me I guess
well I guess I'm on there but this is
the original drawing for like what our
tank was going to look like so so cool
that is cool man it's got the everything
element the design amber hey Burt dude
can we have a box like this every week
just like our favorite I mean it's a lot
of money I was praying seriously it is
and their custom custom took the same
train pretty much huh a little friendly
brotherly competition going on I don't
even know if this is racing to do it on
the use of corn oh my gosh hahaha this
is a cat on that uniform go go go go oh
please don't do the bikes so perfect see
ya
so you can just bail any time do it
who's the horse can you're the byte do
it do it do it an incredibly nice
laid-back day today guys we're all
trying to get back on track we were
talking like if we're on Hawaii time
still we should be really initiative
tons of energy because it's six hours
behind but we're not we're all exhausted
we're all tired I can't figure it out
you're not you're fueled by ice cream
and fudge so yeah very laid-back kids
are making a slime out of clear Elmer's
glue should be cool I'm doing our
feast off we're just all kind of hanging
out but in our own little world
mommy mommy's belly is about to jump on
the table I feel like we could go really
wrong here like this and just you know
real life real life so exciting you know
what here you so kinky structure new I
have to just install one little piece
that syncs with the radio controller
whoa is like a player who was booger
ever wash oh you put cool Sparkle but
you got like snowflakes in there oh my
gosh morning says always looks all hunky
monkey not you know whoa my gosh it's so
imagine just sneezing and blowing that
on somebody we've done this in the
bollocks quite a bit the kids out if you
have kids or you are a kid I'm going to
put the recipe we use in the description
it's a lot of fun to try and it's trial
and error we've made some really bad
ones that don't work what is going on
there if you want to give it a try it is
a lot of fun especially as a family just
making and you can do different colors
and put different things in it
what is it what is it it's a sea turtle
that is the most horrific scent you
think by now they can make it sound like
I like it
of course you do how about a tea kettle
that plays music like air blows out of
all different holes at different times
before lifetime yeah
it looks kind of like a giant dinosaur
flew through here and took it down oh
dude the world's biggest booger
we'll see what flash does he'll walk
over the flash where's that flash wow
what is that
you look like he likes it
where's the new one where's Ben no no
yep we something Colorado Maui the ocean
aquarium that we went to all night yeah
but there's a big aquarium in Maui Noah
in the family went to when I was making
up surfing that air yeah just come on
down not that you a little bit I guess
the aquarium and now he's the same place
we ticularly collect each place we go
over that it's cool it actually should
you start doing that all the cool places
this isn't even close to all of them by
the way meeting your board it's failing
but tell me you're my age you're gonna
have like a wall hopefully that would be
awesome
well it's that time bedtime the time I
look forward to doing the kids hate the
most
right are you on Hawaii time you feel
good are you talking you feel good I'm
exhausted
like a big hibernating bear right now I
love you
good night sleep tight we're at
Christmas party in here get better a
little chicken nugget I love you
so that's going to do it for today guys
I know that this video is a lot more
laid-back than usual I'll bear with me
for like maybe a day or two as we get
settled back into being home and getting
a lot of off-camera things done when
you're being on bit
we've been on vacation for a lot of guys
holiday 4:11 we were gone eleven days so
you can imagine with owning business and
doing so many things how much I'm
actually backed up on like it's bad it
is time to work so I'll bear with me for
a couple days hopefully just so I know
tomorrow is going to be rough and I've
already been like how am I gonna vlog
all this so I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm just
trying to figure it out thank you in
advance for sticking around through the
fun and the boring we we love you guys
as a family and we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
