and welcome to the vlog guys it is our
final and last the extra we're headed
out like we're packing up we're moving
out of this place Maui you bit what you
running from the camera we're packing up
we've been playing today me and the kids
did some slow-motion of the pole this
morning
we buried Konrad up to his neck in sand
I feel like Konrad you up to your neck
boy better hope this true private spot
of your feet
you think this crowd is down at the
bottom your feet comes out for dinner
and sees your toes
yum yum yum yum yum yum and now we're
packing all our suitcases are packed up
is time to say goodbye before we can
actually leave I made some promises that
I was going to give away from our sea
boats and my surfboards and I think this
motion captures your motion look I don't
know what trip like just got to come to
an end but they do I am explore hang on
I'll give my camera a second to just I'm
roaming roaming the Red Nosed Reindeer
today I give us a lot of thought where I
was going to leave the boat and I'm
giving them the Harold Harold the kid
that returned my hat took us out on the
boat I just feel like he deserves the RC
boat he doesn't know I'm coming either
I'm just going to show up and you can
give them swim get a good look boys this
is it ladies this is it the last we're
going to see beautiful Maui this place
has been just spectacular ten out of ten
Dale and I are going to give we sit we
actually got our board made a won on
Maui we bought our boards we said we're
going to give on way to some locals Josh
against the disturbance can help us find
homes for these guys they come loaded
with GoPro mount King stickers and
pretty much exactly how we're leaving
them
I guess I can take that off because it's
busted oh you building the board
somebody little little board bill nice
brought you our two boards uncle and a
whole bunch of groceries we are it will
make sure the board get to the right
homes and the groceries will get right
here boom you're going to need a big
fridge is everything that we have around
so we just all over me basically since
we had our own kitchen we had all this
food and all the leftovers were like
unopened literally bags of food little
just bag weighs like 30 pounds they
don't lock my onions so here's our
boards and josh is he's got the hook-up
on finding a home for these boards so
these two boards are actually going to
go to the behind the surf club to the
two most neediest members a friend of
mine is the coach of the lino surf
actually Lahaina surf team with an
intregal
Interscholastic surf league in Hawaii so
they're going to go get a little active
intergalactic debate please so they're
going to get home to some needy kids all
competing and don't have a great teacher
equipment awesome and we love that so
don't get don't get good home
I get more ride time that we got out of
there yeah probably I'm a little blue
I'm gonna go blue one more stop we're
going to drop off in surprise Herald
hopefully he's home I've no I didn't
have his number
like I just have his address actually
now that dress was the guy who won the
boat that's true yeah not even the dress
gotta go give Harold the RC boat and
hopefully he likes them I think he
deserves on he hooks up up on this trip
with so many things and laughs so got my
hat
sorry to show up at your house dude we
brought you some RC boat nice you wanna
yeah for sure let's go Jim how you doing
good good we're leavin man we got a long
route boys but this is a serious hookup
man these things are so hopefully he has
better luck than we did watch he will yo
I would probably I would probably order
some light out that they came over they
need to hear not really very
really helped us out and thank you
sounds ready to rock so I'm not gonna
lie the red one needs a little work yeah
but that's half the fun yes one this
one's great
and I super sue these guys been fishing
catching lunch what you got
what is my bra oh wow that's a nice nice
one of its total losing mission complete
we found homes for everything and
hopefully everybody enjoys them and we
are on our way
my future backyard right here the trees
the trees not the land time's tickin we
got about an hour and a half before we
gotta go
you got another dollar wanna go run run
it or other challenge doing hell
destructor wait wait wait wait be this
done look at this kid he's full swimming
now go go once you get a dollar because
a guy gets a dollar okay take your legs
out of the whole skin come on come on
game you got it dude oh good job I'll
hold it for you okay all right I'll pay
you up here he's giving you cool stuff
you know what all that stuff I do I'll
swim across we're gonna work
parents pay a lot of money to get the
kids to go to college I just pay em to
get it done and they do it kids are
living it up before we gotta go we have
like about it powered half before we got
to walk out of here you said I am too
dude by far when we didn't strip small
time for us as a family I would say
these by far the best trip ever
they're all good when we're together
Louisiana man how we going to be deaf
and we are at the airport whorfin over
saying goodbye our final goodbyes look
it's cloudy it's great we're leaving at
a good time the kids are saying that
they don't want to leave Hawaii night
you just want to stay maybe we should
just stay for another 6 7 years when I'm
like 2 hours early it's funny we leave
here at 9 p.m. and we ride home in Ohio
at 4 o'clock p.m. the next day is a long
long flight plus time change is gonna be
really hectic on the vlog for sure back
on the move jump some good times mama
here's some sunshine yeah yeah you look
great I look better than them palm trees
here go for it
too easy now back flip that dude you
almost jumped over the truck be careful
all three of us together weigh 200 let
go of the thing 271 pound
you don't even know what he's capable of
what Sookie Paul Bert we have all made
it to our gate you're all actually on
different planes mom and dad are on
different planes bailing Jess and the
kids are on different planes we are all
scattered about getting home it's
important right now there's more red oh
I got Roman the red-nosed reindeer
you're just Rosie I think oh my god you
it was a muscle
oh they wants to hang out with me look
at it what's up the whole place see you
guys back in Ohio back in snow hi oh
good I'm going to write that one down
all right guys we're off our next stop
will be Denver Colorado tomorrow around
9:00 a.m. in the morning 10:00 a.m. and
the morning something like that and then
we will get on another plane and head to
Ohio and land around 4 p.m. so it's
going to be tomorrow when we even get to
Ohio
crazy crazy maybe this whole thing was
just a dream maybe didn't happen maybe
we dreamt the whole thing 58 hours hey
you ready Lydia
yeah do let's Rockland
still here awesome they be waiting all
day for you my mama
Wow Papa Bear
- the I was going to buy those like
ones up here
whoa mango what is it
on doing interpreter to be there oh yeah
yep things like this you want to
remember and uh right yeah me so I feel
what up man yeah good to see you
how you ready oh yeah you ready teach us
how to surf all morning you look like
you're going to see this hey you got
something show me all right let's see it
oh good flip down the dealer oh we lost
another one another man down
he is out
ha
something yes but you have to get the
sensor in it my first box wait where is
it going it's already going down Eddie
your volunteer we already
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
mom wore this isn't it at all dude
there's nothing here Oh
I think I just found the highlight of my
entire trip right here look at my family
back
oh you
our mama let's go let's go swimmin mama
I'm gonna drag you out by your legs
good luck bro
nervous for you
huh
let's give it a shot
Oh
all week I've been out on the beach
trying to see whales offshore just
hanging out out there I think I can get
right over looks like a whole family
with the black flip-flops camo pants
black shirt black camo hat
everyone's rocking rocking cold rock
indeed we all look awesome in this photo
model is happy and everyone's wrong
guys we are back we are home we're at
our house it's still standing which is
good how many vlogs will we have we'll
were at the pool we're at the beach one
day and in the same vlog we're in the
snow at our house
that's pretty rare flash is living it up
dude he is soaking this up Kayne I think
he got bigger look how big flashes now
how did our curtains fall fish tank todd
did it
curtains odd broseph we're home guys
thanks for coming home with us it was
such a crazy long trip we left Hawaii at
9 p.m. and then we got here today the
next day at 3 4 p.m. Costa so with the
time changes like 20 hours 18 hours of
travelers so we're getting there with
awesome coming back like truly hope you
enjoyed our Hawaii trip I've logged as
much as I can't actually didn't miss a
single day which I thought I would
actually take a day off or miss a day or
something but I didn't I did actually
miss a day coming home we will we're
gonna get settled in we got so much to
unpack so many back so much do to even
like get ready for the next day we love
you you are beautiful you are one of a
kind smile more
you
