welcome welcome to the vlog guys it's a
beautiful day I'm back home in Ohio I
just had a cop with his lights on come
up behind me and I started to be like oh
crap I'm about to get pulled over like
anybody would in a merge he just meant
around me that just doesn't happen that
often to me and then reality and this is
like disgusting reality that I just want
to share with you a mindset of a big
vloggers when getting pulled over as a
daily vlogger at a certain size when
you're making a certain amount of money
on your blog does a ticket become
actually more profitable or your views
then the actual ticket itself meaning
this is missions are really this is true
like I'm just speaking my mind right now
does me getting pulled over accumulate
enough views to become profitable on the
vlog then the actual ticket cost that's
when I'm saying if it if it's actually
profitable to get a speeding ticket in
the blogger room this is a weird thought
and it kind of like thing to think about
but absolutely yes I would get more
views if I get pulled over more views
equal more money meaning the ticket
would actually make me money that's what
I'm saying
moving on it's kind of weird it's blue
it's cloudy I'm going to collab I'm
excited today today is a collaboration
there I haven't done a collab for a
while and I'm excited to get out and
I've been wanting to work with this
person for it seems like a very long
time and I finally get to it's just
going to be fun like he is like me in a
way totally different but he's like me
in a way we go out and we do something
very random that's what it's all about
today he's going to teach me
me and you guys a whole bunch today and
we're gonna have fun I think it's gonna
be it's gonna be fun it's gonna be fun
let's go
posing in a vlog but you guys rock in
the small number what's your name in
Aaron and Katie Katie and Zach Oh what
is that that's good I'm just chillin
guys are freaking amazing man like a
real course smile more taking over the
world
oh oh dude he looks official
yes is it Sam I mean look at this
what um tell me no no I was at I was
talking about you how cool yeah what's
up you guys already got there and catch
some turtle I'm so no these are like
Turtles right these are like huge curved
the largest turtles on record in the
United States are in the body of water
we're going right here Columbus Ohio
guys in case you don't know this is
coyote Peterson dude I'm honored to work
with you today you know what's cool
about you did is I don't have to go to
your channel to even see your new videos
I just go to the trending package right
that's right is that every time man
Congrats
I've got some fun we try to keep it
exciting you know alright guys so
today's vlog is an adventure vlog Heidi
Peterson's like know for doing some
crazy stuff stings and bitings and today
he's taking me have you done videos here
before yeah you've done the turtles
actually this is the first place that I
ever caught enormous snapping turtle
Cornelius the world's most famous common
snapping turtle lives right at this time
did you catch him
that's it I caught him I actually caught
him after that just recently came out
right use a drone and jumped off the
kayak in no way are we going to be
jumping off he brought this back swamp
on that's mine
oh my gosh guys this should be a fun
adventure we're going on a venture
we're great control right now a natural
park right and of course of course
you've got a jeep yeah you have to have
a jeep right you happy look at this
thing what's the plan with this today
that's in case you jump into water and
you get tangled up you've got to cut
yourself out otherwise you drink but
don't worry we're not going to let you
fall I know to me your fans would come
after me it's like I know Roman was
bitten by snapping turtle and dragged to
the bottom of the row
like that would be you would have an
amazing video though yeah every video
would be amazing we go out probably
trending number one I'm sure there's 20
people that would like to see any type
of dude so uh
what's up man let's go nice to meet you
got John with me today are you gonna get
a turtle you want to yeah I think so
come on I you can hold off have a
snapping turtle if we get them up closer
what is I don't think you're going to
want to have to do what I have to do to
catch any snapping turtles yo what do
they chant like the pure chances that we
catch on a giant turtle today um there
are 30 at least to my count around 30
snapping turtles that live in this body
of water the conditions are perfect it's
71 degrees outside it's slightly
overcast the turtles are nervous I'm
nervous snapping okay turtles cool but
when you grow up that don't touch
snapping turtle bite your finger off
they will bite your finger off we
actually just did an episode that's
Sarah my hand right there is from a
snapping turtle locking onto my hand to
show you how to get it off of you and
the trick is rubbing alcohol of which we
do not have any way perfect nobody to go
today
dude is that one right there sticking up
I see his head that well that's what
we're going to be looking for somebody
that's not a head that's actually the
butt of a duck decoy this filled up are
some water and if none of sighs I'm not
say uh humph that's out there I'm gonna
need some help fund see you told me we
were going to be you know out out so I
brought boots today that's a perfect
yeah these this is a good that is
exactly one especially if we get out of
the kayaks at any point and Traverse
back up in the disputer Creek which we
might do depending on if we catch a
turtle quickly or we have to actually
get out into the mud and go after them
so I'm down for so much mud nuts a mud
the oven well this is just there's
Turtles in here what about block nests
could be Loch Ness well if we catch one
of the big turtles that lives here
Cornelius Oscar or Big Daddy might as
well be a lock miss mom oh wow yeah
those are huge so as a coyote gets ready
we are it's going to be kind of
educational day today for you guys and
myself I mean unless you already know a
bunch of us snapping turtles but
apparently right here where we live is
like
the home of the biggest snapping turtle
so I hope I have to catch a turtle for
you guys and I'm really nervous dude
these things are like there's a reason
they're called snapping turtles
okay so ramen just gave me this awesome
gift a tactical rope to spend you like
it for real it's like one of those
instances for somebody Bigfoot Christmas
present you're like I like it I'm really
going to use it I'm really going to use
this and as a matter of fact right now I
need to cut a piece of paracord so I can
tie this kayak to the other kayak so you
have something to roll around in wait so
we're going to be like trailer together
no no I just have to pull the car over
here you have to go on your own that's
thing I'm not going for you I honestly
believe you're going to need more okay
so you've got to go across to the
plumber Britt whatever and get the other
canoe so we both have one kayak on all
the terms guys I think the water
flotation devices we're going to go out
look at that dock just chilling there
decoy feel like this is one of them
scenes were like this giant lizard
turtle just grabs coyote trashes him
under the water does this look like a
horror movie or something Bad's about to
happen to coyote right now I like just
something just what you smell all right
guys we're going in it's time dude I'm
so glad I brought these boots feel
invincible no I know you can go anywhere
did yellow parrot yeah Eric cancer we're
more mad today for your vlog angles from
all over the place which will make it
pretty dynamic already a better vlogger
than me I show up you go frozen like no
he's like don't worry I got go froze one
one on the shoulder one on it everywhere
so we're covered with a swamp monster
here for getting in there yes oh yeah
logging and rowing that's not going to
happen I also work your points you may
be able to strap it here yeah as you get
out you get comfortable you let me know
what's going to work don't worry guys
I'll be Karim in one piece
oh dude oh did it I got this I got it
alright guys so today I'm taking Roman
Atwood out onto the road Lake to look
for dragons it's the first time thing
for him
and if we're lucky we're to land
ourselves huh monster that is a duck
decoy he was right it's not even but up
those edges face I even have to tattle
did I'm good I just need a trash bag and
a kite let's go find us a turtle okay so
write down the shoe tears the waves and
the wind are going to take us from the
backside this little island and then
we're going to get into Big Daddy's
territory exactly Big Daddy is a very
big snap girl we catch them today I will
be very happy and I'll put it right
they're going to get this right here
well I got I got bulletproof boots yeah
but that example this is the focus on
the little turtle look at this look at
this guy Stanton's like it's like a
paddle what are you looking for right
now like what's the whoopsies just a
shadow this is like how like those weird
movie starving like two guys looking for
a turtle and then boom coyote goes down
under the water um they're scared of
vibrations in the water so if you just
go slower you can usually sneak up on
them what up goose alright guys we went
through this little Valley here so far
no turtles no signs of turtles but
there's a lot of land to cover look at
this this is where the big guy lives
apparently dragons
this jumped in the water do you you
missed it no dude oh he just dumped it
but you saw one
I saw one yeah dang reeks I think it was
it could have been wrong could have been
a rock that's my move
that's that's why we're gonna rock dirt
on just your paddle and paddle he's like
dragging stars in the boat who doesn't
belong good news is relax it means
there's definitely a good chance I'm on
the shirt was a turtle because it kind
of moved when I nudged it with my oar
and the wind just pulled me to the side
and the kayak ran into my back just as I
was going into town
yo you're wicked fast off that boat you
got the dismount down as soon as you see
one like we have to walk fast okay okay
all right the first sign of action uh I
think it was a rock dude I'm like afraid
to turn my camera off and I can't paddle
at the same time so I'm like trying to
keep up and watching it is awesome and
he's a sonic alright we've come back to
base camp what you think man we got good
Phineas I maybe saw turtle but I did
bump into a big rock down there too but
it's positive I bumped a turtle went in
about waist-deep my kayaks see I'm
tethered to the kayak to happen is get
yourself on a turtle and have the kayak
go jumping off and I may have actually
missed the turtle but again not 100% but
the good news is I'm hoping on this one
because that means the turtles are
active I'm down on this side of the lake
the water is much more still and it's
also shallower so we're going to take a
trek down this way so you can land
ourselves a dragon
can we just win all the way around this
little island out here around and back
so we got that slide left yeah and then
we get into prime turtle catching ours
which we're still about 20 minutes away
from so if we don't see anything on this
little Trek here we're going to kind of
post up we're going to use binoculars
since you
see anything moving Oh we're gonna head
back out okay just a thermal-imaging out
infrared did you bring a thermal imaging
camera
I didn't Oh that'd be sweet yeah I was
just saying laughs we're not giving it
what up duck
hi guys hey all right this time guys
we're going up this way to find one of
these Turtles I got to see him catch one
of these sometimes if they're in the
shallow water with a wall warmer they're
really easy to catch there's one right
there you see that that's not in
California
now here's hunker down this is what you
call a very easy catch okay he's going
for a turtle is it a turtle and I'm your
princess there you go oh yes um all
right not exactly the most dangerous
catch little guy there you go whoa yeah
he's not that little dude okay I'm right
over here oh this is super this is
actually you know the turtle turtles
here at language yep it's a tuber come
here how do you know
hi oh my god how much does he weigh dude
he's awesome hi pounds oh my god much
much dude all quick cana-deuce hold it
right there
okay here you go watch your foot you
don't want expense but he'll go right
you know sold Wow is strong now I'm just
going to kind of hold him right there
don't worry it's not going to come
towards you to do which means really
close there yes hi buddy yo he is
awesome one angry snapping turtle right
there that is one of the largest we
forth have used turtle to cheer at
London woods Wow and that exactly the
most exciting loads but it is a large
snapping turtle none the less what's it
this tail you know that is the drill
that's what you're Alma trillion
look at that look at that muscle all of
that strength in the tail and those hind
legs look at those claws taking a mud
here comes a head we just watch your
feet there put your head up there boys
oh that is sick is a Prius named Hubert
creature a steering no these hurdles
like they've researched them they
followed them use very loved turtle and
I can see why what a masterpiece
yes is Damian's business and this is not
a turtle that you would ever want to try
to go out and actually catch yourself
give very large she is very dangerous if
provoked you can see he turns into a
linear company so how powerful is this
job uh he break your finger if you got
your finger stuck in those jaws he would
bite hold on it's like the Bulldog of
the reptile kingdom kind of eyeball
under here
yeah you burst a okay this is a terrible
spot yeah I know for you writing the
dangers down there but you want to do
action and now you got it there it is
covered in mud and yo he is awesome
because he's a work of our under good
control hair beautiful alright I'm going
to put him in my kayak we're going to
roll him back to base camp
unless get some up-close shock you ready
yes Harry we got a job buddy that is
amazing there was a little bit of I was
a little skeptical you just jump in a
can go find a giant turtle and you just
made that looks so definitely don't try
that let him do it that's even above
like I wouldn't even know how to handle
that thing Josh oh you're just going to
cruise right with him right there yeah
noxee what i want to do is make sure you
come you see I have this foam padding on
my right that's because of that oh he's
act like if he's coming straight for
this zone you're sick let me tell you
where you don't want to get hit by
snapping turtle that sound so I keep an
eye on him and ask
back hold on I want to get the camera
angle down here we go
Hubert you stay today sometimes I'll
talk to him like a dog they do they
listen kind of okay they're weak a fool
you're so cool Jew oh yeah see he
defines this territory he went on to the
territorial very territorial like this
is his spot this is his spot and I
caught him once already this year and I
can tell you he is much stronger than he
was two weeks ago that's because he has
been out here feeding and warming up
they just woke up from hibernation a few
weeks ago and that is exactly what we
were hoping to come across did he's
looking at you like he hopes you mess up
a little bit you kidding me man you
really caught this guy he is it
wasn't the most epic jump ever but when
you're out here looking for snapping
turtles with Roman Atwood all that
matters is that you actually catch it
apartment he said what's gonna happen to
me if I don't catch a say that's a
nothing but you caught it man
well earlier viewers watching me like ah
man that Bray wilderness guy isn't
really don't got it you don't got it
like a dinosaur isn't it yeah that's why
I called it a mud dragon so as you can
see all that mud they have the spiked
tail the algae growing on their back
those golden yellow eyes iconic isn't it
it's beautiful no he's a work of art for
sure alright well let's get to a safe
spot we're going to go up here to base
camp we'll get them out I'll tell you a
little bit about snapping turtles we'll
get some good pictures you got to chase
John with it yeah I bet you he's gonna
he's been good oh my gosh no let's take
that whole internal and chase my kids
with terrifying like I'm messing with
them oh yeah well let's safely get into
Shore and get up close look yo this guy
will rip your arm off John come here how
are you gonna get
I need so you can see him a little bit
better okay so how old do you think he
is this turtle is probably around 35 or
40 years what would be my guess yeah
he's older than us hmm that's amazing
this is like he's one of the old men
that lives out here and it's not
uncommon to find a turtle this size but
because this environment here blended
with just such an incredibly healthy
ecosystem these Turtles are extremely
strong and extremely healthy now you
don't want to get your camera
skew too much closer than that or you
might lose the lens actually g7x I just
he just actually bit a g7x lens a couple
weeks ago when I was trying to get some
asset shopping yeah chomp down and like
rip the front off of the lens so
recently I didn't episode wise bitten by
snapping turtles around five pounds I'm
sorry ten pounds this turtle when it's
toward the end of the summer because
they get heavier as the summer goes on
from eating he maxes out at around forty
two pounds and no getting your fingers
stuck into jaws like I mean look inside
to my finger that turtle would crush and
eventually break off your finger right
into my blue oh really
look at that face - he's like he's like
yeah oh if they can bite you and the
claws don't scare you off peeing on you
I guess is the third best thing now how
come this close if you're white not on
that now just like your your fingernail
right now
these claws have a sheath on them and
that claw is white because it looks like
he probably recently got in a fight with
another turtle and when they fight they
claw at each other's faces and it looks
like his claw is bitten and by you it
looks like yeah you can kind of see like
some scratches on the other side mmm now
the thing that I always look for is
making sure that their eyes are okay as
long as an eye hasn't been injured in a
fight they're usually fine these Turtles
will chop down on each other I mean this
skin is like leather if you're Roman I
will turn Hubert around for ego you can
do it he walked up here so strong you
can barely move his tail yeah I'm at
that's all bone in there now you'll see
people picking snapping turtles up by
their tails that is the worst thing you
can do now I will grab
snapping turtle and I will position it
in a hold onto its tail especially when
it's in water just to slightly control
it but the tail is connected to the
spine which runs up the length of the
carapace which is the top of the shell
right so the spines connected to the
tail can hold the turtle by to tell you
can actually paralyze oh man just see
somebody holding snapped relize tail you
gotta tell me no no no what's the best
way to hold a snapping turtle well the
best way to haul the snapping turtle is
to never hold a that's never there
dangers like me you catch them you guys
just admire them from a safe distance
but if you had to move one like across
the road or something like that you see
how my finger is positioned right here
where the top of the shell which is the
carapace connects to the plastron which
is the bottom of the shell right there
the claws can't get you real good and
most importantly the jaws can't get you
so that would be how you would want to
handle me and just kind of hold it like
this out in front of you and move it to
you guys I've on you and yeah now check
this out look at the bottom of this
shell
the bottom is Charlie self small the
bottom of his shell is that's one of the
reasons that snapping turtles develops
like these crazy defense mechanisms with
the claws and the job is because they
have to defend themselves because their
entire body doesn't fit in a shell like
a box turtle or p-meter
though he is so awesome all right this
is me teaching Roman how to properly
hold a snapping turtle now I'm going to
keep my hand underneath it okay to feel
under underneath there under like so my
hand is right there yeah like that I'm
pushing in there there you come school
your head underneath a lot heavier than
you would think right yeah and there you
have it that's you duty the bag duties
right now I've got him kind of held so I
don't think he's going to pee on you all
right we're going to return you back to
home looks like a sloth right there
you're gonna paddle him back to his
original oh yeah it's very important
that these turtles go right back into
where we got them from the territory is
very important to snapping turtle Don
wouldn't want to put them in another
turtles territory otherwise they'd be
fighting all right we got him back
Hubert
you've been a star today my man yeah
going back right over here in that buddy
spot I'm gonna put a just out front of
your kayak Roman and I'm gonna run back
to my kayak so he doesn't miss Patricia
bite me in the leg I've done by me okay
you ready ready I'll sit in anybody
have you ever had one turn on you oh
yeah
he's actually almost shot me a couple of
times so watching it he'll acclimate and
then he's probably married right now so
chill sweet nice success yes did awesome
thank you for that all right well okay
so hard right back into his little nook
alright guys there you have it did you
are rock star okay I don't know how you
just jump it like okay even though the
first one might have been a rock you
don't like what if he was what if the
tail was the head then you guys may have
seen me bitten on now roaming school I
would had a good video
yeah you said I have one of the bite and
sting videos for sure so I'm fighting
with focus here my camera is all about
good focus guys go show coyote coyote
some love on his channel did you're
awesome I know this is just the
beginning we're gonna do all kinds of
fun stuff
maybe I should win what should we do now
won't we leave it up to them what I got
to get involved like they want to see me
jump in after that turtle today we can
slow what should we do together next
we're going to start our own series
that's what we're going to do alright
last thing last thing yeah you got a try
vlogging and doing your thing so you let
me do what you do film myself catching
kernels just whatever you do try to vlog
it like I want you to that's a challenge
to you alright
I will try it JD Peterson is going to go
out and try to vlog himself doing well
whatever you do well there you have it
no camera is being evil today there you
have it guys on
little bit different vlog for you today
a wild adventure catch the turtle that
mud is so stinky alike then what you
think a turtle you have you ever seen
anything like that we got home there's
no doubt I came from prehistoric times
you just tell by the by the tail the
muscle pattern huh
it's only 40 days like 35 or 40 years
old so we're off that side that's our
venture side of the day now it's going
through the families up to and keep
don't hey boss what's up man
do you miss me what up goofballs
I'm not going to life I lay down it's
over for us if I lay down daddy's done
dude
I'm tired something happened on that
drive home on that's it it's over never
lay down if you want to keep going
don't flash just remember one rule if we
get a dog he's not allowed on the
furniture all right
just whatever that was the only rule I
had don't kick me all buzz no I'm
kidding me I'll pick out all right guys
so getting home a bit late tonight we're
gonna wrap this vlog up it's all I got I
got so daggone tired I Drive home just
what are you apart her ladies thank you
guys for hanging out with us today for
with me mainly it wasn't much of a
family vlog today as far as the family
being in it Britney's already in the
room she's like passed out and we're
just going to wrap this night up I love
you guys so much big shout out to coyote
I will leak his videos in the
description below check them out give
him some love and tell us what we should
do next
that being said you guys are beautiful
you're truly one-of-a-kind mama
you
