hey guys welcome to the vlog it is day 8
and we are finally finally getting out
the giant RC boat you ready to rock you
got to help me carry it
alright you got that side oh man it's
heavy lunch ready this is late boy Oh
beep beep hey which one you think faster
what the red nigga oh oh we got some
brotherly competition welcome to the
white guys we are on day 8 already this
trip is flying but we're not ready to
call it quits yet we're gonna have some
fun playing the ways and take these boat
into the ocean
come here hey hey picture together oh my
gosh were white again does the stove on
you ready let's go break some boat this
guy about three miles prank
whoa I'm gonna miss Hawaii so much man
this has been quite the trip to remember
me are you calling my hat I was you're
at put this hat up at the AC and many
Christmas I got to feel good all week
all week actually even before the boat
came in I was so excited to get our
speed boat you guys know I love parties
want to take them into the ocean and hit
some waves with them have no idea how
this is going to come out or how it's
even going to work or how I'm going to
film it but I'm excited to try and do
really nice books I don't want to
destroy them so we're going to try like
smaller waves first and see what happens
because they might just tip or they
might get on
looking good in that minivan Bob we're
getting there
row row row your bullshit with you row
into jumping out some pieces right now
one of the biggest issues is their surf
it's Sunday so a lot of the locals are a
lot of surfers now definitely don't want
to interfere with that we're trying to
find a spot that's just empty in this
corner is amazing but not really laying
all the way he's got surfers on them and
I'm sure with a fifty mile an hour boat
even a ripple is going to be like a wave
so we're gonna we're going to see what
it's like let's drive down one more spot
since there's no way that oh I
definitely want to get some ways with
these but the waves just a little
ripples this will be a good spot and
there's no people this is perfect no
camping that we can't camp here tonight
I'm Pamba are you ready to race me boy
going down so you got everything you
need I think so we're going to rig up
and now we found some nice little ways
to try to ramp these suckers hooking
GoPros on them and you know I'm pumped
you know I'm excited
that's my god get that get my car so
we're going to start I'm just going to
rig up our GoPro on the boat and
hopefully we get some cool shots there
Dale brought an actual handy cam
hopefully watch you think we can ramp
this sucker this is a pretty cool little
lip on these waves how's that let's give
this a shot
oh alright we're struggling a little bit
we don't have lithium ion batteries know
anything about our speeds you need
lithium ion for pure power I mean these
things through 5060 miles per hour with
our batteries think we got about thirty
out of it top get it shoe that was
awesome
you want to boogie board to it that
would be cool
I think the top came off go get it it's
thinking dude go ahead it no oh no yo he
just started hitting fast speed 30 at
least 30 and enough just say all the top
came along what came out it should still
be fine I felt so good to like yum yum
yum okay here's the goal best wave win
best wave ride all right wait that's
great ride yeah cliff it's a GoPro my
back heavy when I hit a ramp it just
good strong yeah a different design yeah
I need a like duct tape a rock on the
front of mine twin be twinsies
once the catamaran yeah hey mommy how's
our baby I'm just getting you to get my
speed
yeah you're cruising then yeah so here's
the honest truth
the boats are how to explain it they
aren't getting to the speed but the salt
or the sand something is keeping them
from really performing and I don't know
what it is you guys know I have this
boat at home and it blazes it's the
fastest boat I've ever seen but it's not
working in the salt water very well I
don't know what to do it's really we
can't really do much with it I know
nothing about boats but there's nothing
to it
I have no speed control option I mean
it's just what it is you plug in and you
go Little Miss smile more that hat is
awesome again yeah it looks great I love
it Pam Carl's girl made Britney this has
pretty awesome oh my bad lady made it I
don't know who it is
somebody had to make it yeah this could
be a total bum dude it's not our day for
the RC boat sales went under completely
under and sat there it's fried out like
nothing notes you won't even come oh
yeah they say this is a bad day for the
RC boat a little juice in one you want
to give a shot this one sounds great
common but when we get the water kind of
stops on myself oh oh you're right now
right I have some crazy driving skills
boy okay I officially feel like a total
letdown
maybe it's user error I don't know a lot
about RC gross I know I have this flow
it at home and you guys just see me
driving it just lays it back but it
wasn't salt water it's fresh water so
maybe that's it funny in my head all
week I had these envisions like hitting
these giant pipe waves going through the
curls and like making the sweetest video
and that was like I think that was
exactly opposite of what I have in mind
where we headed mama I answered banana
which is banana orchard are you eating
it's called fish a little bit is it bait
or food it's like beef jerky of squid
it's cuttlefish so I could know I can G
smell it game that is reef dogs
Julie sardine on my path I'm just gonna
get I'm gonna hit the path bun do not
pass through I will not collect 200
so before we start our next adventure
I'm going to watch these boats up get
some fresh water and try to clean them
out and see if I can salvage it it's the
salt water I don't know what it is it's
trying to meet nuts but at least going
to do is get all the salt off over and
out
maybe we should fill up the bathtub and
test it in the tub
everything's all our friends the fresh
water no matter what it is you don't
load everything all keep everything all
shutters our goal tonight it's all looks
like you're making a mess it's fresh
water it's awesome pooped on my burn
remember right there see how I can still
see it yeah twice people told me boys I
can't move cuz I boys go away oh you got
double points today
nothing bird said right before they
pooped on you know Mom or all right guys
we are working out to do a little dinner
tonight on a boat should be very nice
relaxed and kind of a way to settle down
for the trip this trips almost over we
have how many more days like 16 16 more
days that's it three weeks and routine
beyond us out for that University that's
right today right now Dale get your butt
over here
we're celebrating Dale injustice 12 year
wedding anniversary dude high five bro
oh man with our land
justice up there she's so excited look
at her she's just like I mean it's my
head above me yeah oh this is cool
that's two four six eight
you're the surfer you got it
here the Sun is setting we're all
getting photos and weird photos Carl's
doing like the Sun the Sun squash right
now I guess she call it it is a ten out
of ten beautifly wrong one good we've
been out here quite a bit this week I
don't I mean one sunset on these
mountains these two lovebirds up here 12
years congratulations whoo
I was really pretty really fun relaxing
the wind greens the slug Colts you have
to be 100 time-warping back to those 10
when we've got fire they closed the pool
today Conrad they did look that means
closed it's a race last one there's a
rotten egg last one there's a rotten egg
motherfucker
come on can't go you guys smoked me you
smoked me I know I don't have all my
doing so far like you can do it I dare
you oh man we got an underwater
late-night fish actually going on here
Kane are you ready to go back to Ohio
some bacon pieces kid three to five
inches of snow this week in Ohio I do
not want to go home
oh that is cool and off yeah well you
got like avatar dude what you got dude -
that is awesome
guys um thank you for hanging out with
us today we are uh we're going to call
it a day but no II was our last full day
in Hawaii I am I'm so sad like I feel
like I'm actually sad that I'm leaving
just a vacation you like you have it
you're like I'm ready to get home like
I'm ready to get home I am NOT ready me
a homeless time I love it here I think
we're gonna go look at houses really
roaming what my sandy feel ABC in this
man hey I'm living to drink I'm
literally asleep in a van tomorrow so we
love you guys so much thank you for
being here thanks for hanging out thanks
for being a part of this trip everything
you already know I need to tell you is
fascist yeah like I don't feel like
getting them in here two days
I don't you feel like I've been here
more than a month I love you guys you're
beautiful wrote one of a kind smile off
