he'll be on day seven I don't know seven
island of Maui island guys welcome back
to the blog today we are doing something
that I don't think any of us have ever
done
oh no never super exciting I have in my
my James Bond days we are in ironically
here's the funny part of the story we
need rope of all people we need rope so
we have to go
probably by rope that's not our rope we
need to off on the island but I'll go
with if we walk in and it's our Rossa so
welcome back if you're just joining us
for the first time welcome to Maui we
are not from here we are just trying to
move your permanent is the reason this
is so weird that we are looking for rope
is because my family owns a rope Factory
in the state I and we always have rope
but we didn't bring the right type of
rope with us so hopefully they have it
here so we're good we got some real good
I mean I don't have to do it'll have to
do
I'm embarrassed don't solve it I didn't
realize how heavy this buoy boards were
dude
she I just set them right down on that
car sorry man
alright guys got a little trivia
question for you at what vlog that I
made was this featured in was the title
of that vlog alright you think we're
gonna be able to do this 100 percent 100
percent I know
these are called off sub wings and
basically you get drug behind a boat and
you do stunts on they flip they spin
they get they I don't know hopefully we
get going fast enough that we come out
of the water like yeah yeah and to
salmon and then back into the water love
it place is truly incredible man I mean
not just Maui itself but look at this
old crazy concrete pier that does got
tetanus written all over it dude and
you're playing that he got a boat today
thanks to my man Harold hooking it up
dude this in case you don't know he's
the one who found my hat in the middle
of the highway
on this island and brought it back to me
now he's bringing us a boat did you the
man yeah so we're going to go out and
try all kinds of stuff we brought
surfboards to pull behind the boat we
brought sub wings you guys ever done sub
wings these things are like really weird
I I know
I don't know how we're going to film it
you'd like underwater let's go harness
the power of a dolphin having swim
beside that we go pro man we need the
GoPros dolphin now yeah this is actually
the boat we got huh
this is the real boat we're gonna reach
them there's a fish I'd be more than
happy with it like are we trying to hit
waves with it like Ace Ventura style
we're literally floating out here in the
ocean with the whale sharks the
Barracuda
not not that I was beautifully
absolutely operated you're basically
we're going to rig up some rope and just
start our fun we've got surfboards we've
got some wings we've got boogie boards
we've got captain Harold right captain
Harold on the wheel you got Carl - yeah
he's surfing on the net I'm feeling kind
of surfing you doing hula girl tails
going in deep water is intimidating we
didn't hear watch out for the blowhole
did aah
see ya hey good luck bro nervous for you
we're basically all we're doing is
trolling with my brother like he's a
piece of bait right the bobber is when
that power goes down we type something
this is showing wheelchair just don't
flap your legs that's it
that's it James Bond baby yes
yaaaa
first step first time doing it
go for the leg go to the web
that was all to me now they went down
pretty hard though would you think
awesome it's beautiful
once you get going like that full speed
it's like okay it is all about how you
two the robber who's next rock paper one
on three issue oh right now yeah one two
three ah ha ha that's nice very but how
about I just go how about I just y'all
see the fish hopping right behind you
just kind of smack them with the edge of
your foot okay well I put a bunch of
meat in between my toes yeah yeah help
kinda yeah yeah dude 300 is 60 feet deep
right here 360 feet that's all more than
a football field straight down
I felt it whoo there's something in that
water yeah is it least one jellyfish and
a happy starfish on
yep I love Carl Turner he's never ever
stood up on a board so he does this
every wasn't we really problem this is a
good chance to do it in my opinion there
he goes there he goes yeah morning
squarely where happens folks this is
where it happened
he's got a pop up I wasn't bad you got
just a hair forward on the board that's
why you're getting just go up like that
man no foot foot forward on the front
towards the shark oh oh oh
forward foot forward ah all right Papa
bear's about to head out you got this
don't know Carl all it's done yeah you
almost had it man I think I really only
five more times you be up yeah I've
never actually stood up on a surf I know
that's why we're all rooting for you do
this view right here is like my dad and
nothingness forever in that shark and
that island in that whale there we go
here we go
come on second attempt for pop look
forward look forward yes ah got it
come on dad tortoise trying to go off
ah come on daddy come on daddy
come on up up ah all right pops did a
great great try Harold I don't know if I
could stand up you can do it dude you
can do it so fun in the Sun baby Harold
is up he's never done this before either
he's a huge log in the water leave that
thing he's got it he's got it he's up
Wow oh he didn't risky he didn't yeah
arrow you did it man no I'm awesome it
was awesome
Dale and I are going to attempt to now
just ride the wake of the boat I've seen
this done before I don't know how they
do it we're going to try I think just a
short rope like this pull yourself over
and let go the rope down something up
yeah
we gotta get gloves
no I gotta rope I'm gone I mean like I
let go for a second please
yeah when you're in there it's literally
like a noodle I got so lucky to go pro
top just fell off but the cameras still
in it look look at that
it's sowing time no more messing around
no more playing around anybody can do
this daily can hold his breath for
probably you can do three minutes right
yeah he holds breath for three minutes
he can pop this year's one of the best
so I always strive even scuba-diving
ears are always my problem
I stopped weighing in she goes you're
going far out if you want to go for tea
TV yeah I'm going to have 40 bit row if
I do it they did not oh thank you thank
you watch it oh he's just looking at the
bottom oh you need a smaller phone hood
it's pretty crazy at any point he just
like just duck dives just like straight
under and he disappears and then you
can't I don't know where he is
is this is it for real this time I'm
going to get in film Dale doing sub
wings because we can't be out of film
it's really it's really difficult really
it's really strange so and then we'll
punch switch switch switch a roof here
we go you ready
what is that time what's up
was it oh yeah hahahaha you dodged my
lethal parties like a lot more feel I
think these kids are crazy dude
yeah oh we almost missed all just
getting back absolutely had a friggin
blast Greg you're the man dude neighbor
Greg my man Harold hooking it up yeah
you're back we made it we're safe we had
opened one up a little tired I'm
exhausted be good I feel great steak
house sounds pretty guys like it we just
need food need to take about that big
slightly drink in the middle King Trina
I bet one day that thing was working and
hopping down this island oh it's just
looking for your little man are you
doing oh I missed you peekaboo one of
god scaring me so bad missed you guys
man I feel like an army right now guys I
think yesterday at this time I came in
here and I crashed for like an hour two
hours complained the black shirt okay
the black is black it's just as crazy
like my tears of bouncy balls uh yeah
banane and he just went out today and
got some stuff I'm shoppin
whoa that's cool okay sure
nice good you're going to look awesome
daddy sure oh and daddy sure dude look
how burnt daddy is look at me look at
you and sit beside me let me stop me
look at this difference all right this
is someone that wears sunscreen well you
start white from your sunscreen I can
see the powder and this is many days
with nothing
okay this we're turning the ship around
we're going back out now we're going to
a magic show and I honestly at first was
like why would you good will magic show
on an island because it's like I could
do that mistake but big reviews
everyone's been talking about this magic
show so we're going to check it out have
a little dinner and rickety rickety do
you want to go is the last of the
sunshine right there guys is it oh so
streetwise defense might be a good time
to tell you guys when I'm moving to
Hawaii so you can come visit any time
though like her all have a house big
enough for everybody
Oh
I just have to be walking by and Susan
playing you in the game so I bought this
yeah yours rock so we're waiting for it
to get into the magic show we have like
10 minutes and Carl want to prevent the
girls who come tonight okay so here at
home
wait for it what is it wait its whole
yeah okay guys we're about to on the
most exclusive magic show and mouth this
is a phenomenal show yeah sorry you
don't have to be you're right I'm not
going to oh I'm not gonna film you girl
can you tell my hair softer you guys
like one second what is this show really
as good as everyone says look at Bloody
Mary Bloody Mary Bloody Mary one just
open all of them locked in a room guys
let's find a well oh my god this was all
you were wrong oh man right here is the
key oh that was not there before it was
good and book okay guys it's been a
little hectic get in here but we're here
and apparently we actually have a dinner
and drinks right here waiting for the
magic so it's like a regular little
restaurant we're about to watch a magic
show and I know that obviously when I
have
on the show but yeah yeah hired
I'm sorry got my energy really low right
I don't groove I never had like my skin
doesn't change color forget it it
doesn't go for blue look at this today
surfers lookout dark the first half of
my finger is that oh oh did I break it
I'm afraid I can't bend it dude look at
this dude crab cake chicken coconut
shrimp what is this guy pork let's have
a pork here in my mouth water I think it
didn't you I mean you know come in this
with me it is uh guys late the show was
fantastic and actually was a clean show
about apparently you couldn't bring kids
because they serve alcohol the kids
would have freaking loved it because
they're in the magic right now so we got
to get them to a magic show we had a
good time getting out of some adults
this evening thank you guys for hanging
out with me today very lack of energy
I'm freaking beat I actually went
surfing this morning didn't put it in
the vlog because I figured you guys need
a little break for me trying to learn
how to surf and I did terrible today
like my worst day ever but we'll be
right back at it tomorrow for our eighth
day in Hawaii I'm gonna miss this place
so friggin much we love you you're
beautiful I definitely have maybe broken
my finger it's bad it's it's ugly
yeah it's like I can't wait to see it
tomorrow we love you guys you're
beautiful you're one of a kind mom
you
