okay well we got here to get your camera
come outside and see oh this is all mail
this is in that you made it sound worse
than it was not that much I don't think
any worse she kind of got me okay so
Brittany's mom went this morning and
picked up fan mail for the day this is
good this is awesome okay careful some
do say progress are they going in the
building this is not getting over that's
a cannon I guess going to definitely
shoot somebody not safe can you open it
come on that's what they want you to
think and then you open this one I'll
trust you guys no more what is it he's
like pink sue hell no donkey I don't
have anything in here for you I bet
there is something in here for you this
time around he's like yeah maybe hey
where you going dude I'm going inside
you may never come back out be careful
are you confident Hey ladies
while we're on the topic of fan mail
what's going on with the the wall the
art wall Kayla do you have anything to
do with the with the art wall weather
just you blaming the humidity the
humidity
how come okay wait so how come the
humidity didn't take these down in the
wintertime oh she's good she's good
honey I would have just blamed me
because that would have made sense if
they fell off the wall look at this big
guy open before baby girl gets here well
we still got two weeks so we can we can
wait just so you get to what guy third
case what is a diaper cake just you guys
know she's so except she like yells it
when she's like it's to the Atwood and
Smith so what is the diaper cake I've
never even heard of that I've never even
heard of a diaper cake so it's a stack
of diverse country we need your muscles
we need your muscles man we got
a diaper cake whatever that is no oh you
got it you got it whoa what in the world
straight out of mommy on the converse
that is amazing no I hate it
that is very thinking creative get Bob
look at this there's all diapers inside
each level that's amazing even the top
look sister diapers rollup cute Thank
You Moses and Kosta Rodriguez that is
absolutely awesome we love it it's a
homemade porcelain dog tag that bro well
you get that porcelain blue right we can
hang it on the wall read mock in
California maybe you guys are sending
all this stuff I wasn't planning to
start the blog this way I haven't even
showered fishtank taught here was doing
a bunch of stuff with our water so we
didn't have water up till now we just
got it so I can get a shower now and
Britney's mom said grab the camera come
outside I got some stuff the baby is
taking over the house that is so awesome
it's for donkey pulses Romans Empire
that is so cool let's just go try
donkeys king of the hill king in a hill
right now this is the goofiness donkey
ever yo you got a jacket dude oh yeah
he's not having it
he's not gonna how you're not gonna let
it's like up to him when we get
something on it's so cool yeah laughs
it's good assuming it might be too small
for him but it's so cool I hope he'll
let us put it on today really dude this
is what you do with your new toy you
just got huh you'll see very pretty for
do is that from a mermaid for the baby
yes so we can have a foetus
I don't know the bikini top though I
don't know about through the turn
Chris Angela we'll just go with the
horns
okay I'm trying to keep you guys are
sending like the coolest stuff man this
one comes in from Tim Hamilton from the
ballistic machine if he custom made
these are 12-gauge shotgun bullets but
they have dumbbells inside these are
like wicked steel dumbbell the shoot out
of this shell I'm sure it puts quite the
plug through at the side of a card
whatever it is probably pretty vicious
this one is actually unbelievable coming
from Michael from Poland pan made this
is handmade a bobble head version of me
and he's holding the camera
he's got the smile more hat I mean this
is like the coolest little guy
unbelievable Michael thank you so much
dude there's small more grasp with flops
that is awesome where they feel like you
feel like you're walking in the yard is
that clear what makes your flesh bone
poop on them that is funny that's what
was in the cannons I was all afraid to
open these in their grass flip-flops
whoa somebody painted that what you guys
blow my mind okay it is just
unbelievable who painted this brick look
at this oh no he didn't paint this come
on oh my gosh you guys are so friggin
talented damn family family I did we got
to some fans hooked it up okay so donkey
came in the smaller store we're gonna
check it out so it says it's a jacket
yeah that cool yeah you did a smile more
store so we thought maybe we can slip it
on it he doesn't care one something was
just on him but getting to him he's like
what you doing just you humans don't
don't dent and didn't donkey he's on the
move
he he's on the move flashing when I need
you we got a team up okay this is
partnership ready you bring him in the
store and I'll get him it is so little
is she going to be that small small more
daddy look at that look at that I mean
my forearms are huge so start to tell ya
I don't know if he's coming in guys I
think he is pretty content out in the
yard
I don't know who's weirder the donkey or
cane yep take him to the mailbox we got
to take him out you're taping up the
boxes and hats the Canes filling them
I'm going to try to capture this process
from start to finish I just missed it
okay here we go
so Noah tapes the Box King takes the box
and what what's the hat in put the hat
in delivers the boxes to Veronica oh
you're getting backed up V you're
getting backed up stop okay okay this is
the very end of the camel hats are
officially gone you guys got all the
camo look I even got rid of mine it's
gone and the final step is mommy's
finished packages going over for
delivery
good job guys I love this family work
yeah where is she where is she we got
some popping we got some hot popping oh
no
come on mama okay guys so I absolutely
had to just jump in the shower beginning
put deodorant on guys girls get this
problem look at that this record model
shirt dude oh my gosh I feel so much
better so they'd say long story short
our water so when you get it by your
foot when you buy a house you're going
to realize that so many things break
it's not about like constantly you're
repairing things are fixing things you
rent usually whoever owns the place has
to fix it one apartment they fix they
take care of it when you get out it's
name is man you got the best maintenance
man in the world baby right here so yeah
guys our water softener went down it
took a dump screen when I everything so
basically fish tank Todd thank you to
him he came and installed like a new one
and it's supposed to be better and we're
gonna have better water guys we have
better water I can have white shirts
again you know probably not we live in
the country so we require a soft way of
well water right you like the water two
things - you spit ice at me you don't
you dare you think I really would have
done that yeah I know it's really
perfect things found today at the house
I'm gonna run out problem because I need
to show you two things found today guys
this one is an RC truck body that Zeus
had me and him used to chase the shuttle
Darcys you know that this is one of the
trucks from this look at the teeth marks
just smashed into this thing Wow we
should hang this up it it looks like a
real truck would do like a demolition
derby that's just from Zeus second um my
stunt was found this is a real skunk
that my friend Tom made gave me Tom mabe
gave me and it was taxidermy and
everything it's so realistic I mean it
is real was real I mean look at that
that looks real it looks like there's a
skunk in our house oh well we should
cope with the donkey in time to see them
and
that in there - etosha oh yeah I want to
get flash but I want to put in house
anyway the super fun thing to do with
this guy's it mounts perfectly it's got
these ties and velcro I know I know
ties in velcro that mount perfectly - in
our C car basically at night you can't
really even see the wheels it's
hilarious we go down on campus and have
this skunk
come out from behind like dumpsters and
my kids coming home from their night and
then this skunk with flowers I don't
know it's so fun doing that stuff I'm
gonna get flat he's going to freak out I
hope he hasn't already seen it though
that would totally ruin this thing it's
like that
he's like a weird human come on mom it's
the only way to get him nobody come on
here you come that's what he does
gosh what is that what is that oh well
you don't even care do you were the
camouflage all my god dude
dude he got a skunk I did not go as
planned at all see what he does want to
be mounted to the car maybe still move
it's the off-road skunk it's up roads
gosh I don't like he's like sleepy
that's what's going on I think you look
this would i murder this thing do you
want man
just a little hot this is gonna be hard
to filmed ready
I can't you sleep he's really asleep
I'll try to creep up on you give me no
way you're creeping up on Italian was
that flash he does not care what is that
oh he does whoa go a little Strunk got a
little something good you like are
babies running the rivers we don't
donkeys going after him - oh he doesn't
want I just want to chase it I didn't
think
oh oh oh he flipped me oh you better go
he's ready nice flash finished tearing
up his toy over here donkey wants it
like the donkey's taking it too slowly
yes did I hope somebody gets a good
screen shot so faucet go get it flash
she's so tired
uh-oh mommy will get it donkey-like
wants to change somebody's been scared
of it
this is the wheelies young goody wait
donkey is so curious but he won't go up
come on come on go see it he wants to
okay so it's time to get old donkey in
for the night and we're going to try to
get this small more jacket on them in
here because he doesn't have any place
to go it's pretty much got to try it on
at least you know the rule this ain't
your first time come on like I gave it
to you but you gotta come on mine you
had some green I've already had one he
he comes in I give one that he takes it
out yeah boy - these traps are - yes
well a clip on the other side you
looking so cool dude I love that jacket
Tommy say what I don't know there's
anything on me I won't keep it on you
guys you want to see if it fit it's
pretty cool I love it
it's like ballistic night whoa look is
that oh my gosh there's no filter needed
yeah can't believe we moved to Hawaii
man finally into sunsets dude this is
amazing like that is breath to be a
painting yeah just looks like a good
spot for tonight right all right okay
take this leftover Easter food and the
slate warm save won tonight's let's get
down to like 20 below what I love you
buddy
ah I hate dropping my boil now who pees
all run out there and tonight it's
already dark out it's with coyote that's
it's crazy out here in the country I
love you guys so much and thanks for
hanging out with us so much you guys are
absolutely incredible unbelievable
really what we have together heading
back home kind of wrap this vlog up
probably when I get back home got some
things I just got to do and I just can't
thank you guys enough for being a part
of this life this journey you'll always
be such a massive part of what we have
and what we do it's not really something
good at explaining but I appreciate you
and I'm blessed to have you and I'm so
thankful I know where I came from before
having you and I don't want to go back
to that so I work very hard I just I
started our man it's like this is my
life I want you guys to be just as happy
as I am so I push you I try to motivate
you and I try to try to show you how
great you actually do have it despite
where you might be right now it may not
be where you want to be but you got to
get there you got to fight for you got
to work for you got to own it live it
sleep it drink it eat it
that's the only way you're going to get
there so let's go home and we're going
to wrap this up tonight let's turn this
down for a second we are romping and
roaring some monster truck madness over
here is massive planes and cars and
fires and guys we love you mommy we love
you gotta say good bye guys thank you
for hanging out with us today thanks for
all the awesome mail today we have so
much to go through the girls been going
through it
and setting aside all it did very unique
crazy things that I just have to show
you guys thank you so much we love you I
can't even believe I don't even know how
this streak is still you dude you're on
top of a plane right now that you're
going to possibilities okay well you got
a month dude if you take off I've never
seen this before all the way thank you
guys like I was saying I have no idea
how the streak is still going with all
the stuff we are accomplishing behind
the scenes I'm so proud of us as a
family to pick this camera up and
document some of our life each day thank
you for being here you are huge
motivation to that each day supplying
you guys with content thank you we love
you you are beautiful you're one of a
kind smile on
you
