you
well maybe you just let it it's Easter
everybody should be inside with all
Ambar let's go I don't know it's quite
quite the crowd to walk into welcome to
the vlog guys it has already been a
wonderful day we got up early we went to
church as a family and we are here now
starting the vlog welcome to the home
donkey just backing up 10 feet every
time I look at you shall we show them
what's going on at this house right now
what do you mean all people so we got a
crack the crowd here today Dee sir it's
Sunday it's all about family friends
what's the oil my camera sir I missed
all of it
you were doing some ninja skills dude my
pops what's going on this Easter oh look
at that
come on in boy he's not shy anymore when
I salmon and he's gone out today it
could be the dog though saddle up artist
come on take this I got a new name for
him okay honky donkey how he don't yeah
when we're on Manny out there honking
all right well nothing says Easter like
a donkey in your house the Easter Bunny
our famous Easter Bunny guys who's been
watching the vlog for how many Easter's
have we having fun yes the Easter Bunny
we blow it up in your car remember
remember you were like my Easter bone
another one hey you know rear Boy hey
hey being that a future Sunday we always
do it we always do an Easter egg hunt
for the kids for anybody that wants to
participate we got tons of eggs look how
big these dinosaur eggs like actual
balance where these smaller a little a
baby eggs all kinds of eggs but don't
you see don't you take listen listen to
me we're all planning the style chiefly
where you taking pictures of me bro
paparazzi so we've got special eggs that
we're going to fill with like everything
from hot
the donkey poo right don't you think the
kids would ever better reaction than the
older kids like it can open an egg and
donkey poop and it would be way better
than if we give plumbing that's all and
you love your booty dad joke
- chase seriously bro sorry gonna shot
it
oh that's real that's what I really look
like when I'm vlogging is enough uh haha
Rhonda duck wouldn't you agree that
putting like a trick egg like Donkey
poop in an egg would be better on the
little kid would be wonderful
yeah yeah but uh like what we were going
to do it for the older kids but we're
thinking little kids yeah like Conrad we
got to trick some of these eggs I can't
just be a normally straight okay
let's imagine like a piece of donkey
poop in an egg no just put the egg in
the middle of the dumpee dip and see if
the kid picks it up oh yeah yeah not
even check they'd be like come on eggs
it wasn't boiled in colour bit I like
that so you got to break it open it just
shatters oh it's a good on okay I like
that so this one's full a mustard that's
the best you got mustard not me maybe
want to keep the mustard say I feel like
you have you in mustard dish tripod
sniffing there was it a carrot we do
know we should all the egg healthy
broccoli celery carrot okay so all the
eggs out and all the kids in and we got
a hide wait I didn't know you were going
for it oh my gosh that is awful yeah
it's gonna look like a nice piece of
caramel this is a special egg for you
that's awful you're on you're a horrible
grandma remember last year this mess was
here there's eggs yeah I was going to
put a couple of these other real real
eggs in there I hope the kids we can't
let the kids grab that looks when you
think they're gonna try to open it it's
gonna be these are really know I feel
like they're gonna be like why is there
really do you think they'll know maybe
they'll try to open it in a break they
won't care they'll just shove it in
their basket yeah exactly we got eggs
under truck I like how you put the poopy
egg in the most of
just spot the poor kids gonna be so
happy older tickling clear out here I
don't want Eliza to get it this one's so
big these are the good ones right here
these are all golden eggs
they all have what five dollars in them
five bucks that's good idea I got my
five dollars I got my spot dollars right
here actually oh they can climb this
gate to get the golden egg oh that's
good
stay here comes the little kid that old
boy they already do they are scattering
like rats get them Cain get them buddy
he's running running running this one
it's a purple one here's one oh is that
a real one what what do you got what is
that mustard stealing Easter eggs
blushes got a nice rig so fun as a kid
man
you you got tons Conrad no I got three
giant joy and you found a golden egg
Cain you got my golden egg you found I
hid that one oh you going to uh uh
that's a dinosaur egg there's a baby
t-rex in there you guys quard did that's
a lot of eggs that's more than I thought
Wow Keener's Connor you crushed it dude
look at that
fly Connor I went to the Dollar General
what is the guy's got blocks of gold
what's in their gym jewelry you know
he's so curious about these eggs what do
you want dude
I got a kid Oh Harrison ranch lucky you
is that packs of taco sauce
Oh Oh what did you get what is it
dream singing what you got five bucks
wha huh Oh caramel what I thought all
the white ones were true the white ones
originally was closely for all the older
kids to learn good son uh Easter egg
hunt went good but um
donkey won't get off the porch like it's
like a serious issue now right the door
stuff we're all eatin in like he's up
everything he all he wants to do is come
inside or be on the floor look at him
look at him he's so funny
it's its peak time where he and we're
eating lots of good food and you just
can't get enough of this dump
it's like taking over our household he's
like a he's such a character it's
starting to look like a United Airlines
video out here
they're getting a holter out member you
better go dude hang on you got it you
gotta film this it's going to be a
once-in-a-lifetime shot off the roof
into the bed of the truck all right all
right guys I get this first trust dude
perfect has to work here we go into the
bed of the truck off the roof Oh
be aware they hit they hit the ramp and
then knowing that even better that was a
three shot okay I'm gonna try building
off the ramp into the bed of the truck
oh my god where exactly what you going
what you guys are gonna do I got to off
the building off the ramp into the truck
that's gotta be worth something right it
means I can I can do a trick shot if I
was up to the test
I actually did get it on film I think
we're in here so like yeah first thought
two in a row mom I don't even take the
camera cup two in a row so this is the
going to be the new saying around here
they got the hose that's like the only
thing we used to do differently when we
were kids we would get the dish soap and
we would just dump it all over countries
up the Moga and countries up to no good
all right so we are kind of working
across a little bit of time got some
real serious awesome family time today
man like off camera a little bit of a
lot on camera kind of goofing off it's
getting late everyone's kind of left and
weaving as we speak and I go out and get
this donkey and it's miss donkey man
holy smokes guys he's so strange like I
can't even explain like it's like a
movie like he's like everybody's friend
like he hangs out with us he's he's with
us he's like on the porch she's like
it's the strangest thing ever
I don't even know what to expect next
like he's just always up to something
but he's like cool and chill and like
just part of the family right oh hey
don't leave we just have it's minty it's
delicious
come on it's not a trap flash hey you
got to talk dong kyun to come in I'll
give you another treat I know you guys
team up this is teamwork teamwork makes
the dream work
almost what is that blog unique it's
like a video game it's like he's
programmed but he's stuck power of a
snack
come on company's getting in your way
usually just jump cinema not tonight
flash you're being very good there we go
come on there you go you know I can turn
this lamp on right okay so I've been
trying to catch this for a couple days
it's one of the things where the baby
starts rolling Britney stomach am I
gonna live morning it's a little creepy
if I can catch it I don't know if you'll
get to see it wish yet look at this
belly oh my gosh there's a human being
in there come on baby come on baby
were you at give it give the viewers
your first camera shy he's being shy
dang it
Dennis I had a popsicle she said you
gotta get a popsicle come on we got to
get this money it's the coolest thing us
girls a lot and like moving like the
king you see it rolling a car it's kind
of creepy it is creepy a little creeped
out my favorite color
drink it up I got to see this baby rock
and roll it's like every time I get to
like you can never have the camera ready
and it's so hard to catch I'm just
watching what's going to roll no no miss
it I bet if sheets of spot like any type
of like energy even just food she'll eat
and then she'll just one little girl
wake up wake up yeah you barely it's
hard to see on camera
I honestly think what I'm going to have
to do is just film it when we see it and
just put it in random part of the vlog
because sometimes it's like when we're
not vlogging anymore it's like I've
ended the vlog or I haven't started
vlogging yet and I'm just like I just
don't think to grab the camera to film
it you know I mean so it's like habit to
like film while I'm vlogging in that
I enjoy the moment of him like feelin
her and Sierra thank ya was it yesterday
when it was like crazy yes sir the day
before it was insane okay yeah we were
on the opposite side of the couch and
you can just see it everything yes
states are just like Satan it's like
waiting for a shooting star
okay so baby's not a little bit end up
guys I haven't I have an addiction I'm
it told you guys about this I'm sad
there's bad dad like I'm addicted to
salt vinegar chips it I can't I can't
stop like I sit here and I just eat it
eat like Natalie as many as I can get
him up know as many as I can get my
mouth like for what are you doing VR boy
you get your spray and stuff all over
thank you guys for hanging out with us
today we're going to go ahead and into
our Easter here I do not feel like I did
a very good caption good job capturing
Easter but I did film what I could we
did a lot before I even started what me
something oh you're just taking over my
life I can't breathe Larry they keep all
the way that auto blurs whoa I didn't
choose that his donkeys taking over our
life that's like my like every every
within the hour is like something new
this donkeys doing that we're just like
grab the camera look at this donkey it's
it's still catching up girl that I
finally have a dunking it's crazy
um thanks for joining us today guys yeah
next is a little girl I'm gonna be like
holy crap we have a little girl
we need another donkey I can't adoption
will email me back yeah why we haven't
solved five keywords all these are like
a dime a dozen
Diamond Dogs Amidala one that's like
about the same age I three years old
seriously can't find one with him I'm
with him we love you guys thank you for
everything hope you had an absolute
wonderful weekend what did I just say
like a second ago I said use your time
wisely because before you know it it's
going to be Monday and guess what day it
is
well you did just
felt like a minute ago it's already
Monday for you if you're watching this
when I uploaded thank you guys so much
we love you you are beautiful you are
one of a kind smile off first child okay
oh I hit the chalk I just say hey miss
yeah you'd first route ready
you guys know about my first time when
first
oh my gosh and Oh first try way off to
the right wave of the night I think
that's it it's not happening pretty
sweet but I got to do it off a roof here
we go
there hey there it is oh you're off the
roof here we go here it is oh my god it
would have went over I gotta get in the
middle off the roof into the bed of the
truck too far right you far right okay
ready
off the roof off the roof into the bed
of the truck ah yeah you're on your dog
you
