we are definitely without a doubt lost
in the middle of nowhere with no GPS
with you know when there's a snow bill
it's no marvel crossing Brian's nearby
okay welcome to the vlog I'm super
zombified right now I'm like completely
asleep but we just passed Woodward of
all places we're on this crazy bout and
I never ever expected to see that we're
on like these crazy pine mountain trails
right now looking for where we're going
today yo let me say girl because we are
going to a place called Gilson snowboard
is there any coincidence to that like
can you just can you just tell us the
truth for once it's just a company my
dad started like super long time ago
that turnout bureau successful so
forgive me as I wake up I am very
excited Gil has planned this trip and
we're going to have I don't want to give
it all up but we're having custom-built
snowboards I just gave it all up yeah
we're headed to a factory right now
where they're gonna manufacture this
thing right in front of our face we're
gonna film as much as we can and my ears
just pop I can't get a complete sentence
out without ending it with something
different
hey you need to mention yeah they're not
gonna manufacture you are what I don't
know if I trust that do I really trust
the board that I build Julian what trust
the world that I built would you trust
the board that I built I mean you're
gonna have the right people to help you
trust the process dude it's me the
first-ever duct-tape snowboard fully
duct-taped out
all right seven hours later if you watch
yesterday's vlog we did most of it it's
pretty much all travel vlog yesterday
we've been driving road trippin and we
have arrived at Gilson never been here
because the chase never heard of the
place
so be good your dad's place is on fire
goodness oh my god of course they have a
German Shepherd oh oh you don't this is
where we make our boards out of right
here
oh okay guys so just behind me is a
snowboard factory this is where they
manufacture snowboards I love
manufacturing I love seeing how things
are made I I grew up in a factory I grew
up in my parents factory and I love
factory life I love the way things are
bill I love the machines that make them
and I love meeting the people that make
stuff so today's gonna be a little bit
of how it's made we're gonna look at how
to build snowboards and we're gonna take
our home with us you went from wanting
snowboards to German shepherds
I have such a weakness such a weakness
for German Shepherd
we gotta get back in snowboards sure
baby stir it
so this is a sheet of fiberglass well
know what step we're on but I'm really
impressed how many steps there are to
make one more this isn't like runs
through a machine and the board's done
this is very hands-on this is Maggie
she is my new best friend just kidding
she's a she's not she left me
that looks good well rub down a little
massage talk to her make sure she knows
she's loved you're good dude okay so
initial steps have been completed we've
got everything that I guess we need to
go into this jumbo press how long does
it sit in the press for an hour yes
that's pretty much what we just did
showing you like all the layers that go
into the board and yeah so obviously you
guys know that I love stuff like this
I could I could tour two factories
filming like you know showing how it's
made right yeah that stuff interests me
so much and just being here like working
on it reminds me of back when I was I
did factory like for 12 years completely
different type of factory but still all
manufacturing from scratch it's just me
and you learn so much and you have so
much more respect for each item like how
much work goes into an actual snowboard
to me honestly it looks like something
just gets pumped out of a machine and
onto the shelves it's not at least these
are what do you think like you saw
snowboard you're like it's just made by
a machine you just bend it and maybe
that is out there I don't know how all
snow works made but this one particular
is
mayhem mayhem me run - no pressure but
one wrong drop in your board shot shot
it's chases over here getting to make
his board chased it all the artwork on
both boards which is cool because he
sent the artwork to these guys and they
had it all ready for us I can't wait
y'all we're gonna have to do more
Freeway snowboarding on the way home
tonight yeah you in are you in yeah okay
so they are gonna give they have an
actual Gilson board made right here and
they're gonna give it away to one of you
guys how much the board like this before
it is yeah 500 bucks $500 all you got to
do they're gonna throw it up they take a
picture of us together
you just got to leave a comment on their
Instagram post of us why you deserve a
snowboard why do you want the snowboard
they're gonna pick one ship it to you it
is that simple
that's no dude that's awesome I can't
wait to see who gets it so yeah do it
leave a comment on their Instagram post
that's super simple I'll link in my
description click it leave your comment
make it juicy he's getting it make him
fall in love with you what why do you
want to snow or why do you need a stone
yeah we're on Gilson snow we're looking
forward to reading all these stories
yeah it'll be sweet you gotta make
Britain one another dog the dog low okay
so I kind of started with one of the
last processes here today they kind of
had some things ready for us to just
jump into that so I kind of want to back
up and show you the processes that the
board goes through before the steps that
we actually just did there's a lot of
things before that that have to be done
so this would be technically first step
right the first step this is all locally
grown Pennsylvania popped over here
that comes into our shop it's laminated
like this about 20 different pieces oh
my gosh I'm it's done in this room it's
going to get it's going to get its mitre
saw here it's going to go on to this C&C
over here I ain't just cutting one out
right now can we go on to that CNC robot
where it's going to get its top profile
and by the time it's done in this room
and ready for lamp it's going to look
like that's do you see here's the soft
edge right here yeah arts are in nice
and thin you can see this actually is
pretty Pratchett right now very fitting
to get it specs proof oh that's awesome
do you see it is manufactured in here
this is so cool I would not ever be able
to figure this out
build a snowboard that would be my
snowboard you know that there was this
many steps I didn't know what we were
getting into when we came here this is
kind of a thing chase set up so I was
like dude a snow burr it's so easy to
make it's crazy how many steps are all
right where does it go from here
once inside down in there it gets these
what well actually this right here is a
psionic really clue this is like
superglue on steroids so if you like put
your fingers the other oh yeah it's done
the only way to do is to travel them
apart awesome oh my gosh so this has a
UHMW sidewall footing you already
already clamped in this is now going to
go on to CNC robot is going to carve out
the snow that's this guy yeah mm
seven-inch accuracy so
this is a very accurate shapely slap sit
on here
sets down so it's grabbing a new bit
it's dropping off this quarter inch bit
which is going to come back and use it a
little bit when they come and grab it
number three over here in the mean time
which is the fifth and it's going to use
to basically do the three-dimensional
shape feet on your heels
these things are pretty crazy we amazing
yeah all automated man it's nuts so
actually if you think about this it's
kind of like middle school math but at
really high speeds here there's
basically a big graph that's the x-axis
y-axis is up and down
No
so many no idea carving all right let's
see what's going on in this room she
doing in here Gil while we're making the
cutout yes for the shape of the board
now we're about to attach the metal edge
onto the board which is this so they got
to put this edge on the board now and
then I guess they put a ton of clamps
katliya but what I'll do is I'll take my
little hand tool it's crazy and I'll
just do a little tweak so a bend go back
then keep in mind this is all for one
snowboard you have to do this every time
for one board that it's awesome man so
what's what's your name a man a cool
Martin how many of these can you pump
out in a day like ten to twelve ten to
twelve ten to twelve of these a day I'll
hold that in the toy that's a lot but I
mean a whole day for 10 to 12 boards we
gotta speed this up we'll figure this
out
more employees know I mean I've been
cranking though he's this guy knows what
he's doing hundred percent they actually
will join the team I got fired from Ed
Brenda did the first day you started
this anyway he took over he's the man
man with the plan right there all right
I know we're jumping all over this place
we're jumping into it the next process
which is actually cutting out this board
and I am legit so excited about this
process I can't wait to see this
complete you can kind of see one of the
logos we put right here but I'm nice to
say that bro of it the quarantine area
we're going in
all right 2019 Gilson's releasing a
brand new board it's gonna be the next
big thing in my opinion it's gonna bring
this company to the next level you guys
ready
yo this is sick dude I'm so excited
dude you bill I can't believe I have my
own snowboard like legit yeah look at
that
for the trip I mean I'm always down so
the final process the board is complete
they're adding wax to the bottom but
this is the sickest snowboarded oh my
goodness I didn't want to ride it just
takes all the access off pours filling
it in dude my board is officially done
what do you guys think I'm gonna check
mine just some black and white bindings
to match it but it's beautiful
holy cow you're gonna drop off under no
bindings they return board see you
Maggie what's the goal you're just gonna
you said no fuss yeah here you go good
we on the move by Maggie by Maggie don't
care she don't even care
are you taking your dog I don't see I
totally would I think they'd let you
honestly yeah right
all right we're loading up two new
boards thanks for that trip man she's
really hooked that one out the Gilson
they really hooked it up that's just a
fun overall like last second you're
gonna love those guys did amazing
amazing I'm just like they're so happy
they're they're just that what are you
laughing at back in and he's I was like
and it's an hour way he's like oh I can
wait it out
look at him bored there's so sick we got
the Gilly Gilly Gilly Gilbert and a
smile more bored well just the time to
get home we got a yeah six and a half oh
five hours 45 minutes
that's not bad 348 miles eta 10:45 p.m.
after stops lots of stops it's gonna be
midnight look at that hill that mountain
over there what is that I really hope
you guys enjoyed that as much even on
camera I know that it doesn't translate
the amount of work that goes in to a
single board I had no idea I really had
no idea super fun for me to learn all
that I think all of us had a wonderful
time great amazing not a great time we
all want to go snowboarding now we want
to hit smell there's barely snow here
and I love the concept I like I like
learning that kind of stuff so here's a
question in the comments where should we
go next let's visit another factory if
something we don't even know like who
would let us come in and just kind of
throw the world
maybe sure you guys don't know it's not
necessarily that type of factory it's
just like okay let's go
take a chocolate candy and you guys tell
us what you would like to see we will
see tomorrow we're literally just gonna
cruise home it's five and a half hour
drive left we're just gonna cruise
that's it that's all I got don't forget
to go over to Gilson's Instagram hate it
get you that bored I want to see who
wins it's gonna be an awesome board I
also wrote a letter and sign it for
whoever wins that board so I hope you
like it see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind
