here we go hey guys here we go mama
knows it's about the Fred
welcome to the vlog guys welcome what
what are you doing you poking me
yeah sure you try get more camera time
all you about to get a lot of cameras on
yes
for what yeah right there what yeah I
got to it yeah it's pretty messed up
mother Jerry what did you do I stuck my
finger in it and just come hard home on
my flash luck and take it leave that on
your face you got everything for sure
100% no idea it wasn't that blue that's
a little hated Oh heart don't hurt me
though oh we went everyone left on you
hit with them we made a girl will do
I'll be right back
okay we'll be right back love you okay
so we are headed up to the airport of
Matt have wonderful times it's so good I
don't know if we got everything we
wanted to get but I had a good sounds
good we got we didn't get everything but
we got a bunch that we didn't plan get
cuz that's early or down so edit there
now picking up Dale
I'm picking up Noah and we're going to a
separate need up Hawks playing I know I
had a gold band that came off oh no it
was that one oh no this is just
comparing our wedding wedding bands
let me see we're actually going to
switch yeah that's right how long would
it take for your wife's realized it I
don't know don't think they were here's
my wife's car to me anyway what's up
then I should just drove the school bus
kicking everybody out one at a time
percent we are almost at the airport you
guys excited
I don't super excited see Matt leave I
mean I've been they'll hate me we've got
something big planned for tomorrow it's
always everything all these flashing
assurances tomorrow
I'm actually a bit envious of you
leaving Ohio right now you're going back
to the Sun 80 degree weather and of
extras beautiful oh they like puppies
saying a viola you gotta be the wave
romances are not travel dude you ready
to go I'm ready to ride I'm ready to
roll so we're gonna go kart racing in
this clip go kart racing here this place
looks cool true story I have scuba dive
with Manor Dale and I in the middle of
the night in Hawaii we scuba dive with
manta rays these giant guys they
basically put lights at the bottom of
the ocean is going 30 feet you weight
yourself to the bottom and you just sit
and then they come in and collect all
the plankton and they just do these
giant flips right in front of your face
baby yeah oh they're bigger
yeah they gets like 16 feet I mean it's
big yeah that's a good size we're
browsing the store Noah spotted this guy
out and look at this this is a
rebreather this is about six minutes of
air if you are just kind of chilling on
top of the water soon as you start going
under you know it's a rear it's worth
like emergency use it's also really fun
you would love this other mark works
here and he was telling me that if you
just keep one he's on your bed and a
mask imagine your house caught on fire
god forbid you have six minutes of air
right there BAM I could just see you and
Kane Kane mainly laying in the bathtub
with that we have a five-year-old
okay so Kane would definitely be in the
bathtub with that man but sure how many
times can you fill that off of your main
tank
my chairs remain set oh that yeah that's
the pressure keeps one down your main
tanking it will only fill so they might
have pressure this in your main tank got
it let's there's 2,500 pounds in your
main tank it'll fill that to 2500 and so
forth on the next fill it might be a
little bit less each time did you catch
all that I think that may need the next
size up so you look good man a GI Joe I
can't put my arms down there the - so
what may be my arms look good no I think
it looks good it's very much you tight
well he doesn't have a quite all the way
everything look if he's not filling it
out properly that's not the see what uh
let's see how I can pull this off here
so I'm so pretty cool we always make
that part of our life kind of surprise
to you guys what we're doing I'll tell
you more about it tonight it's just
going to be obvious is going to be no
hiding it from you I'm gonna try this on
I feel like I know I know what do you
think is too tight it feels tight tight
yeah what do you what size is this yeah
yeah I'm close to the Lord John in the
back way you saw me trying on the
wetsuit well they had a back area like
this red curtain I went back her they
have wetsuit banana hammock I'll let us
keep you warm dude I'm not even kidding
it looks like we're out of gas like
we're done it's below red obviously then
I I wish I could push a car I wanna push
a car on my Elvia leave this one you
want a fish kind of forgot my wallet so
I'm gonna need you gonna cover everyone
okay guys I got it yeah my wallet I
brought 13 bucks 13 that's all I get to
the next guest issue
knock-knock
guess who's back Hey
oh my god thank you for that everybody
use you little man here say all you want
just want some lovin you know it's weird
just being greeted by you usually there
be a big brown dog what's going on over
here you moving out you taking her yeah
no warning nothing is out of here yeah
Oh floaties bronze chin that's gonna be
an interesting trip
you pre-packed me oh my god on the
couple we can't travel with it full so
you guys are going to have to use it the
bathtub check this out it's called a
rebreather and it lets you breathe
underwater you can swim down and breathe
through this so here's the thing I'm
going to explain all this very soon but
first I'm running on a few hours of
sleep in the last two days I'm going to
go pass out for 30 minutes and then
we're going to rock this out and explain
everything and very exciting stuff very
fun stuff so I'll be right on fumes
right now my eyes hurt I want to sound
like a complainer but I watch the plane
I'll be back in 30 once I write one
frame they'll definitely get me through
the rest of the night what's up dude
going out to what we doing with this
crazy fire
yeah go feed him what does eat I'm a
half-hour ago
Oh flash is so excited to get out here
what is he doing talking feel good makes
that clean it's all out yesterday he did
it haha did he poop at the door did Matt
just not clean that up
just at the door trust me since last
night it's all ready and clean again
straight-up reason automatic full-on
full-blown cold which is going to make
it small even better how we doing oh man
you good good PAC PAC almost everything
twice place at the holt you everything
in there you serious Clark
tell me Hank doesn't know you I don't
think you need all in all I'm taking
action on these I swim in my underwear
not like alone I mean I wear underwear
under my son John always some days you'd
come in maybe you've only spent for an
hour you drop them drawers you putting
your ones on then you put new trunks on
you go back out for now that's two pairs
in like less than two hours you can burn
through a lot of honey I'm Wanda Varner
beep beep beep beep
Oh taking a little bit of a pause from
pack and pouch from packing pack peep
peep peep impede you did it yeah here
things no Ellie look well I get it pumps
up for tomorrow everyone's get excited
are you excited Kane I know you've been
lit or you been licked
mmm new delivery yeah yeah I know you're
really blocking the road clock tomorrow
we can't forget sunblock
you got a block out the hate cane you
just talk it out
mommy yeah you got astray all my hard
work
yay okay I got this you like that brick
your flying fish out of water I believe
I can fly family and such this is pretty
obvious we're taking a trip guys a
family trip we're getting out of here
for a little bit this this is obviously
some of my favorite times of our life
I'll give you three minutes you're so
goofy
yeah I'll move over here I'll let you
guys have your state tour packing up
headed out this is once again a very big
trip this is not just us as a family
this is my mom and dad my brother his
kids and wife Brittany's mom Brittany's
grant this could be this is the biggest
trip we have ever taken this will be not
only the biggest trip we've ever taken
it's the farthest trip we've ever been
this will be the furthest place we've
ever been together what is your favorite
memory family trip what's your favorite
vacation I know you're thinking you said
Punta Cana was your favorite yeah what
why was it favorite what was your
favorite part I think is a monkey peeing
onion
are you seeing it on you yeah I think it
was mostly just the reason or do you
know the monkey and Prince Kennedy
middle but I got really sick on that
trip oh this will be a place that we've
never been as a family we're all going
one big unit one big team and its really
needed right now man we truly need this
as a family I'll be bringing you guys
along I'll be bringing the camera it's a
big trip it's a lot I mean it's gonna be
patience love it
you smile look at this little rock did
you get his cage and everything like
thank you for joining us we're excited
tell us where you think we're going we
always kind of make it a mystery to guys
for like the first day but you always
figure about instantly your hair does
like Brittany cutters hair if anybody
noticed like in one scene it's long the
next scene it's short I love you guys so
much thank you for absolutely everything
we'll see you tomorrow
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more let's try that again mom or nothing
but you're doing it out of here
you
