Hey come here mud ball look at you do
you been rolling in the dirt oh my gosh
what is up guys it is a disaster at my
house look at my driveway look what's
going on here I don't even know what to
say
look at that this is your new car is
Rollie pollie well we'll get into all
this stuff it's just mayhem over here
but for now we got things to do you guys
think we're going to be I get out of
here huh you think it's gonna be easy
did you see smilin it was the smaller
like yes you haven't when I start the
car
ready come on doggie yeah get out of
here
Wow
Oh
so rock dude yeah all right you get that
special privilege expecting moms parking
spot a second the doors are going to
open extra wide because all these
expecting moms are sure he's so freaking
oh I'll show you guys from that planes
or if you watch that blog I burnt all
the pee off I'm just kidding nothing
happened what is beautiful Brittany and
I are running out for a little bit we
had to drop Noah off in his parking spot
you guys knows his area that he lives in
just pull a dad joke today aren't I
baby baby baby stuff that is pretty cute
I don't mind stuff for a girl for me is
really weird I've never done it this
would be my first time ever but I am
excited to like be out one day be like
I'm gonna get that for my little girl
yeah like I'm talking about that and as
a outsider I'm sure this is going really
fast we're down to 11 weeks guys 11 more
weeks roughly lot of babies here and so
our little girl which we still have a
name for is on planet earth coming
really fast
and you know we got a lot to protect for
her this is a baby monitor watch is they
going to fit around your wrist when you
got yeah this forming a rainbow zipper
oh cool
it's funny because Kane's five now so
we've pretty much gift literally given
away all of our stuff all of our baby
stuffs been passed down and given away
and it's like starting from scratch with
everything and obviously the options are
through the roof look at this how many
stores do you need
I already found a Parsi ironmouth really
what if you have twins twin dude this
looks so comfy I'm never gonna fit in uh
there's no way
all this behind they don't handle when I
wanted see getting tough I think I've
said this last time we were looking at
this stuff but for both my kids Noah an
teen when they were being born we didn't
have money for anything I had to get
hand-me-downs or get money from other
people to buy us something like a crib
it's really weird to be in here now
being able to actually pick out what we
want for our for our baby and actually
be able to get it it's so awesome it
feels amazing so much has changed in
five years it's crazy okay even you
can't reach the floor on in it you look
like a little kid right now with a big
belly right if you watch this blogs you
guys know I have to have a fan in a room
to sleep like when I travel I usually
ask the hotel if they have a fan if they
don't I usually use like an app on my
phone but look at this it's for babies
it's got a real fan inside honey this
could mean II look how love how baby
sleeps I mean this is for me I'm buying
this look dude look at this if you guys
have the same sleeping problem look at
this oh I'm getting sleepy
it's the no it's just the noise that I
need I have tinnitus tonight tinnitus
it's like ringing in my ears and it's so
annoying when I try to sleep this is
like anti tinnitus wake up see you heard
it in your tired so weird we actually
walked into one came out another one for
price distance some distance right now I
don't know if that was successful or not
we found some things but it's like they
don't have your right color so you got a
end up having to order everything online
anyways but you find kind of what you
want at the store it's weird I don't
know just just so you know this band
cradles your baby that's me I'm your
baby now in a soothing
and natural white noise the comfort
promote more restful sleep cycles so now
our baby's going to need a fan to know
portable so I can take it on trips put
at my hotel room you become one of those
this is a real fan not electronic noise
this is real air there's a difference
there's a difference people you guys
remember that shot when we were in LA
this is our worst traffic here's our
greeters right here donkey and flash Hey
Dude what's up we're back yeah
did you miss baby
Oh baby coming soon coming soon to a
bedroom near you what is that flash get
it get him get him flash get him flash
no you got him I got him ha ha alright
so we are back home Britain's gonna grab
a little nap because she only makes
about half days now happen days
okay you guys come with me help me build
this thing thank you I see you dude let
me see what you got oh my god so much
air time so much air time back up yeah
dude you were so hot round two
oh my goalie gets so much air time dude
oh my gosh oh man holy smokes oh look at
this one yellow so I figured we better
build this thing before it's it's any
longer we got these things yesterday I
built when you don't really have
building city much just have to take
this cage apart and roll it out and put
the handlebars on I figure we do it now
why is nice out maybe maybe we could
race you want to race yeah just crank it
crank it crank it crank it crank it
crank it um pump terrible song you put
your that blonde in you put your right
liner
there you go no other way righty-tighty
lefty-loosey why not you better move it
you better move it
while he's flying what's going on a
venture
oh oh oh yes god bless it didn't it
didn't it isn't whoo-hoo so much air so
much air
all right warp it inside what the heck
did you guys put in that tank like Swamp
Thing ha ha
it smells them me okay so the liquidus
blog might possibly sound insane to you
I mean to me honestly the first time I
heard about it my mind was I couldn't
even comprehend what it was I was
hearing and that is we have to decide
and because we bring you guys on our
life and on our journey this is another
part of it that we're bringing you along
with so expect some craziness coming up
we have to decide whether this tub is
big enough for what red water no bigan I
know it's big enough
I need my memories getting in and out of
it during labor like seven cannibals and
splashes here's the deal here's the
options they have a thing and you can
look this thing up it's an aqua deulim
that's what it's called right that's
what it's called it's like I guess it
inflated that can be inflatable they're
basically like a blow-up pool for your
living room to have your baby or your
house whatever home birds are pretty
common actually and that is the route
that we have decided to officially go
we're going to have our baby here at
home now it doesn't mean just written on
to having this baby we have like a team
midwives everything it's like it's like
a package deal so it's it's it's safe I
would not do it if it wasn't say and in
fact if anything goes wrong leading up
to that exact moment we'll be rushed to
the hospital and that's where we'll have
the baby but if all goes well mama here
will be having this baby in this house
live right in okay
you don't wanna do the livestream you're
sure no livestream I'm just saying we
got offered 10 million dollars to do the
livestream you man
okay me neither I don't know 10 mil we
may jump I'm just kidding I wouldn't
make this certain angle I think 10 mil
we we shocked every good I'm kidding
anyway not that I think it's too hard
toward to climb in and out of and like I
said Minwax check me or if I happening
like how would I even reach me so this
will be a part of life that we're
bringing you guys along on because I I
do realize that a lot of you are very
young and having a child really doesn't
interest you at all you probably get 11
but a lot of parents watch a lot older
people watch too so this is part of our
life and we have we have to capture
these are going to be the pony moments
20 years from now when I'm 95 and we're
like look what we used to do now they're
all LED lights not bat bombs it was like
a large concert she would eat
today's mein Leben about the baby and
that's why we thought this part would be
funny to bring you guys along because we
literally have to bring in if this is
not I'm not going to lie it's an awkward
bout to get in and out of I mean even
there's really no easy like access
unless you sailor dive headfirst it's
not that easy
big old burning tough guys I I know I
know it's crazy and better for your
memories that we were on a tub
anytime I feel if you walk in here I'm
in here you're in or like yeah
keep it separate in a different tone of
green water I can't wait for the day of
but actually just the first few days
leading up to it it's gonna be just
crazy done it it's gonna be crazy here
at our house like figuring this stuff
out and even with a team of people and
safety precautions it's gonna be wild
war any I'm sure of it there's other
bloggers have done home births price
quite honey let's just imagine all right
let's run a scenario all right we're
live right now
baby's coming you gotta get Nate
uh what do you do agent you talk what do
you do first of all this stuff even hold
enough water can be deep right baby - oh
I think I might kick you out when I go
into labor a lot all the doors and
windows those by Roman uh yeah yeah I'm
not sure I'll be against that like just
bring me in when the baby's out I can
hold her hugger that could be fun we
good with it
well I commit my except so many roles
and stuff for you to do and I'm thinking
my last birth I'm gonna do that I feel
like like leading up like when it comes
time time I feel like this vlog did it
become very educational but it is gonna
be interesting
yes that touch too small bottom-1 it is
it's too small and it's a big bathtub
for the earth catch the baby me I'm not
the baby catcher I'm the camera guy I'm
the one who's gonna be like a baby how
you feeling how you tell the babies all
the viewers how you feel hey Nicole do
you want me to put scuba gear on if
Annette I'm gonna be honest with you
guys you can tell obviously put your
comment on this video you really want us
to bring you on this process like it's
gonna it's going to become time soon
where it's going to be up to me whether
we you're going to film this stuff or
kind of just go on without our day and
kind of do it off camera and you're just
going to see the baby and maybe that's
actually what's going to happen
regardless of what you comment because
you don't know what the heck is actually
going to happen at that time I going to
be like really grabbing my camera and
filming some of this or am I going to be
like forget I know I really want to like
I want to know like your side of things
- they're giving me in the corner like
okay both my kids when they were born
almost passed out I'm not kidding like I
don't
half out and I never had but now I was
so weak and sick okay here's a new one
instead of like chips and cheese which I
like to melt cheese all over my chips
haven't done that for a while these guys
do it all the time I do eat some of them
but here's a new one here's a new one
apples and peanut butter not this is
literally the only thing in this is
drivers to peanuts and salt the only two
ingredients which is also why it's
liquid this is not heated up I never I
mean this is a new thing right here boy
this peanut butter or poopoo - peanut
butter how is it so good here you need
this little cane size fork come on what
do you think is the best snack ever 111
more weeks little balloon 11 more weeks
you will last all the way until that
girl cause she can see that balloon
snack of the year right there snack of
the year you get enough fruits and
proteins boy maybe I don't know what
you're actually getting listen that's
what I say
don't rat me out chart here for one we
still got to put donkey in dang guys we
love you that's our vlog today um that's
great day you know I absolutely wash
with you today not a lot of vlogging of
it but we had such a good time like a
date we had fun we laughed we joke it
was nice I love you I love you oh I know
I gotta go donkey away no I was actually
saying exile of it we love you guys
thank you so much for hanging out with
us being a part of this crazy journey
that we are on currently getting close
and we hope that you will join us for
the process and see this little baby
girl come into this life into these
vlogs into my arms we will see you
tomorrow the streak continues having fun
with it in da all I got your beautiful
you are one-of-a-kind
I know I say this every night we take it
I'm saying it because you're not
listening to me you are one-of-a-kind
smile more
you
