alright alright welcome to the vlog guys
today we've got some exciting stuff
coming in from Tom rod I met these guys
at Toy Fair remember when I went to New
York we did the toys I got child labor
going on in the back - what's up lolly
earning that dollar earning it so while
I was that Toy Fair we met a bunch of
cool companies a bunch of cool products
these guys just sent us to now this is
why these are unique
these are serious V's they're quad you
know like a quad like this but they're
kid size and they're made for training
you to do wheelies do you know that oh
they're Pappa wheelie your machines dude
they're not just for wheelies but they
have the power to do wheelies and that's
what got my attention I said let's do
wheelies I don't know how to do a
wheelie maybe I can learn on this my
lord you know how to do wheelies yeah
you want to learn sure will you wanna do
a wheelie
are you coming back later cuz I gotta
open these things up and like you know
all better mouthing I'll be back okay
today but I'll be okay game do you know
what this is
dude it's a rocky - Rhino riding a
four-wheeler that's what it is you right
now yeah so actually open it open it oh
but hey guess what they do they pop
wheelies ribbit Sarek cut it pull it
around go that way go that way
Oh oh dude
ah dude excited alright I'm not going to
lie it looks pretty freakin cool dude we
got to get some tools it's actually
mounted to the rack that it comes in
which means we got to remove it alright
so since it looks like it's about to
rain we are going to move everything
inside look scooper pooper Oh
so welcome to the vlog guys we are first
of all I hope you're having an awesome
day we are you're really just getting
our start it just started raining I'm
gonna pull all these out of these cages
and we're going to well do some wheelie
competitions yeah yeah we are
you mean wheelie Vanilli asking to our
names we live in nearly tribe long yeah
then I gotta do bed for the kids
alright I got the first one I'll bill
it's done yeah but it's powerful now you
know to be well I think it down here's
the cool thing that I haven't seen yet
maybe they're out there but these are
that they're small full-grown adults can
do wheelies on this thing Brit so
thinking because it's wet out we're
gonna need to find a place to ride them
no it's perfect perfect one for the job
Brit Brit it's on muddy and I want to
ride these things let's I need you to
help me carry this into the house Oh be
Willie's on the carpet it would probably
stick better right yeah I'm risking flip
out all the weight I got the motor in
the engine
I lost achiever we save enough energy
for Brittany's fireballs because she's
gonna throw have to take this door off
again oh oh
yes I'm in stealth mode it can quietly
run nah got reverse so you just do this
a little bit okay just give it a little
with a little bit yeah dude
and then the little red buttons reverse
there you go
hey nice you stopped by for a visit
yeah it's it's perfectly dry in here
it's where belongs you go taking your
time you're getting it you're getting it
you're you're good on a four-wheeler
drive no worries about you I just see
the next thing in this blog being then
sticking out of a wall give it some
juice
give her some juice oh he's taking his
time what came with these bars for the
back right here that I put on myself
bolts and everything and it's a wheelie
bar so if you go straight back it
doesn't let you fall I basically hold
you up so it's completely safe you mix
that with a helmet golden no one the
baby comes this stuff can't happen do
you mean community I was rolling around
probably not well it's not gonna yeah
we're not going to speed bump the baby
honey all right we need a little more
juice on this baby you ready we give a
shot ready
say cheese hmm you wanna come out buddy
it's almost done raining come on this
way
it's back to being muddy again come on
all right all right guys we're gonna get
back to the indoor four-wheeler Willy
competition but for now I got some
things I gotta do Wow it is nasty out I
I feel like it's been years literally
probably has been years since my mom and
dad bought that Polaris RZR and I've
sorted my health there's no space for it
and
just sort of here we played on it but
it's not mine like it never has been and
today they're like if you need space
bring it we have space for it so I am
going to once and for all you return the
players raises applause to my mom and
dad they bought it for their property
and they never had a place for so just
between like here at the house which is
cool it's been awesome but I think I
need space steady now
nice and steady that's one way to do it
right there oh no the bar was stuck in
the mud so I couldn't I couldn't
wind it up I had to pick it up let's do
this let's do this take him home take
him back home you know this guy has been
through so much although I feel like
people that actually only put them
through even more than we have it's
really been baby compared to most doing
me it's happening it has been truly I
still I think ready to rock because I
know I am yeah okay yeah maybe a little
no rocking we're gonna try just in case
noses nobody's you know I tend to agree
okay ready first okay and then you guys
try it ready and I don't even know if
I'm saying it right hey diddly fiddly
Ishq italy boat and boat and lobos get
eaten that what Anshu hey diddly diddly
ishq italy
hey diddle affiliate is it is it
hey diddly diddly is kiddley Ishq Italy
hey diddly diddly diddly oten boat and
Bobo's get eaten that and what Anshu I
feel like I'm missing apart national we
shouldn't put in my mission apart what
about the running valves running down is
am are was were were being been have has
had do does did may might must shall
well should would can could this is the
running valid yeah dude your dad's
pretty freakin smart did I don't know
that I serve anybody's come out in just
said yo your dad sorry but I am actually
just looked it up because I couldn't
remember I know you got some are but
listen some I forgot some things growing
up they actually verbs it's the verb
song that's what it is
I didn't know it's a verb song I just
remember memorizing those words warping
back home got our stuff done hey buddy
what's up girl today today yeah I like
damn has been raining I learned my
lesson this time I learned my lesson I'm
not going to do it again okay say you've
been practicing
hey diddly fiddly ish giddily
oten Bolton's kadhi buh-buh-buh-buh what
did I say oh did I miss solo hey did
leaf italy Ishq italy oten doten Bobo's
get beaten that in water
it won't start
look at it it's like the world
thanks okay so tonight is the famous
Pink Moon it's the big giant pink moon
it can appear red it can appear pink and
it's too cloudy for us it's pure clouds
the moon would be over here somewhere
but look at the sky boom that is a pink
sky dude this world is on fire all right
only the best for the best
you ready look at that barbecue chicken
who can just skip past some time I got
most of the grit didn't feel like I took
that thing out we're still crammed cram
cram a thorn in there so we're gonna do
some mac and cheese and potatoes and
barbecue chicken Cain get your mo but in
here we are out we're just gonna skip to
the good stuffing because it's your
birthday we got the party pail that's
right wholesale for your birthday buddy
yo yo Kane's bus finishes last few bites
of chicken and its own ice cream and so
you get a happy birthday right there
that's birthday buddy got serious
question what's your favorite color
out of it it is serious because this is
a battle strawberry but look how much
Piniella we got maybe it opens up at the
bottom in these favors are you sure are
you sure cause we're about to ask them
what's your favorite kids parties I'm
like throwing one chocolate I'm a
chocolate guy me one for chocolate all
right good really no I don't know what
do you got end up by the way it's not
Noah's birthday like you guys didn't
know it's my birthday so happy birthday
to me we didn't do the cake this year or
any family it's just it is what it is
all right you guys ready
oh it did pick up you're safer run into
the wall I won't hit your precious
little wall baby oh my god awesomo you
don't just fall I can kind of set you
down boy I got a possum like I could
probably do this on a little one ah it
kind of looks like a wheelchair this
would be a pretty dope wheelchair
yo I'm chickening out
alright here we go here we go hey come
on you can do it
it's like you quit giving it gas so it
stopped because I want to fall back down
but I just go that low so you keep even
a gap um I mean I'm guessing if you want
to keep moving you got to get it gas
right better okay my friend let me try
feeling control I feel like I was lucky
let me try baby nothing obviously I'm
kidding
do not thank gosh okay come on you got
it
whew look at those tires up let me tell
it huh huh it looks so much like
wheelchair ah and it's open up camera
thank you to the kitchen where are we
going Scooby Oh
where we going we're going in here hey
I'm allowed I'm allowed I know he's
telling you I'm allowed to have
four-wheel in the house good less decide
whose side are you on
yeah yeah that's right he's got my thing
oh well do you have it do you think I
can't wait to get it outside like to
actually go like I feel you know what's
so cool it's like my pit bike it's like
my favorite dirt bike and it's small
it's like similarities with my small but
it's powerful big shout to these guys
they didn't send us one they sent us two
of these for both kids and just often
because we met them at Toy Fair really
casual I was like you got a four-wheeler
those lilies for kids I need two of
those and he literally sent them to us
guys so I'm
put the link to their website in my
description go show them some love just
think that we don't really have any deal
but that's the least I can do is send
them some love for sending me stuff so
huge shout out to these guys and that's
our vlog but they had fun I can't wait
to do more and we have to survey we do
really competitions coming up night
flash laters baby oh my gosh we love you
guys so much
the streak is really going right now so
I feel good I feel great like to just be
on this trommel's daily lorry and
hunting maybe pretty soon you got to
call me by my real name daily vlogger TV
about leaving please punchy guys thanks
for the support they love everything you
just absolutely amazing we're blessed to
have you and thanks for listening to me
preach yesterday just come from the
heart yet so how to get it out it was
tea tomorrow you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile more
you
