hey guys welcome to the vlog today is
kind of just a follow-up vlog to
yesterday's vlog it is current day we
didn't film at all yesterday we were at
my brother's for his kids we actually
did some a tiny bit of that we know you
did but you know who picked that out
Kane did you did good okay but you made
the purchase but basically all this is
is coming on here and not leaving
anybody hanging on Zeus's situation if
you watch yesterday's vlog we've got
just the worst news we possibly could
have got about this like it's
devastating it's the worst thing for the
family like to hear anything like this
and I don't think I even told you guys
because I didn't want the kids to hear
it but the vet told us that this would
be lucky to make it through the weekend
like it was that terminal it was that
serious and you know if I just didn't
believe it and I don't believe it and to
like look he's eaten good I'm feeding
him the best food like I know that you
guys have Pat you've had a pat and you
just you just can't believe the
connection you build with an animal it's
like it seems silly as an outsider like
I have to hide even in the past I've had
friends as lost the pet I didn't
understand it I was like as it sucks but
it's just a dog it's just a cat but man
it is it's so much more than that did it
is your family it is like part of us
this is such a huge part of our life and
uh look at amis perk it up man what's up
dude Isis jealous well you've got to be
jealous for a little bit this is getting
all the love right now so here's where
we're at guys instead of not uploading
at all and just doing what we were going
to do and that is we're about to take
juice up to the hospital they have a pet
hospital who's going to run the test
again even ultrasound they're going to
test the fluid and his abdomen he kind
of fluid it is he just ate a ton of food
he's drinking a ton of water like he's
at his best right now he does about five
minutes and then he just goes back to
sleep
so it's good that we're catching them
right now I feel flash I see you baby
your love to everybody knows it so
what's going on here for us and you know
I do apologize for not like fun crazy
positive vlogs right now but it is just
like cottony so off guard caught us all
so off guard like we have a dog and he's
with this every day and then like that
they tell us that it's not going to be
here easy do like we want to at least
know why yeah so we are not going to
wait until we have a vet coming to
health tomorrow but we're going to go
ahead and take him in now what buddy
will you play my grass it's going to
take is big dog in and hope for the best
man I can't thank you guys enough for
the just overwhelming support the from
everything from tweets to comments
advice emails I've had bet to reach out
I've had doctors reach out I've had
everybody loves this he is just such a
massive part of our life your life our
vlogs he's amazing
and I just want to show you what it's
going to be impossible to catch on film
but I want to show you what my life is
actually like with this right now like
if I leave this room this will be in
there watch let's just pretend I'm going
to the bathroom I'm going to come back
here I'm going to go to the bathroom
I'll watch it won't take long okay I
just sat down and watch hey buddy what's
up dude okay let's do another test look
let me just go to my office all right
and he will freak out he's already
falling
baby oh you can see what I'm getting at
man my life is surrounded by this dog
every look this gonna sound really dumb
but I cannot even go to the bathroom
without him being in the bathroom like
if I sit down to go to the bathroom
he has to be in there Meyer call Hagen
is you have to eat like black bean in
there like the heaters on and he's just
laying there pans in front of the shop
yeah shower he lays on the glass of the
shower while I shower like he has to be
he just has to visually be a baby in
there with us your attic doesn't do it
to anybody else in the house it doesn't
go to anybody so today's video guys and
forgive us it's really just an update
for you guys to not leave you hanging if
I didn't upload I just can't imagine how
many worries there would be what's
happening with is what's going on and
all we're doing today is taking Zeus to
get as much typing as possibly done
without getting him too stressed out
basically what they're saying is the
stress and itself could damage this so
he just brings so much joy okay so watch
he's laying down all right he's just
laying down over there let me just go to
my office all right won't even say
anything she's going here
and I'll just sit down at my desk hi
watch I love you dude which takes me to
my next point is when I'm when I'm
actually here just can't rest because he
constantly worried about where I'm at or
what I'm doing or he has to visually be
able to see me so if I get up going into
room he has to wake up no matter how
tired he is he's the most loyal animal
on this planet you good your donkey
stuff I'll just come with you okay I
need you help with the water bucket by
the way it snowed yesterday like not
snow but it was like flurries it was
just crazy because the day before was
almost 80 degrees here it's like
summertime for us
what's up Empire what's up dude oh this
is the greatest mood I've seen loose end
I swear since Friday
actually came on here today to just
update you guys honestly like so there
would be no worries while we take them
to the doctors and you just do kind of
what we need to do for them but now I'm
just kind of vlogging thank you guys
like above and beyond like it's it's
surreal - honestly it's crazy like it is
correct we're so blessed to have you
guys every single one of you thank you
from the bottom of our hearts for being
here
I can't imagine drinking a five gallon
bucket of water it is actually currently
guys I'm going to in this video so that
we can start today's taking juice up I'm
going to try to film it I'm going to try
to film as much as I can I know when we
do vlogs like this it's not crazy long
or exciting we get more dislikes than
ever and you guys always say do it even
if you don't have a vlog just upload
anything and when I do that it's like
the worst outcome so please if you can
show any love to the light bar the
comment section we would really
appreciate it guys we freaking love you
either way we will see you tomorrow you
are beautiful
you're one of a kind thanks for
everything mom
you
