welcome what came to see me welcome guys
welcome to the vlog can you ready whoa
it's dark got it I don't want to start
today's vlog like this the Zeus has to
like literally have to go to the vet
right now it's okay baby
he says this has to have a friend to
play with so that's why Cain's Noah yeah
he's been acting very very ill he's been
laying around he doesn't even want to
play ball and he's been drooling like
just watch the drone he doesn't roll
ever unless there's like a steak in
front of the face so Brenner mom just
got an appointment after that right now
so they're going to run Zeus in and hope
and pray that everything is fine my dog
is breaking my heart man Zeus you're
breaking my heart buddy and you know
what really did it was that picture you
found Wes you're young and healthy buddy
enjoy it this is what's killing me
Brittany Thomas phone I posted on
Twitter maybe two three days ago but
look at this man
look at baby Zeus man Zeus look at me
look at that you do see a feeling like
their body
you can't see him so this is the first
time taking just an office get walking
running off of me let's put a blanket
down and just going to sleep as much
hair out as I can he's so hairy
we literally have the two Harry's dogs
eating it I it looks like he's doing
okay
he loves going for rides so he's
probably really enjoying this since he
left me eat it laying with me so she
came in and took his temperature he does
we consider like a fever so it's
definitely not feeling good we just have
to bear out why so the doctor will be in
soon hang up this little cute bunny so
the doctor came in Menomonee doesn't
move
insanely hard to share and it's been
really hard to kind of put it in the
vlog actually today Britain even tried
sewing and she couldn't I don't want to
believe it so I think we're going to get
a second opinion hundred percent from
what the doctor said and you can see
Lucis like starting to bloat big-time
What did he say he said he took an x-ray
and he said his whole abdomen is full
fluid so he said it's either cancer or
lung disease he said I can do blood work
and everything like that but either one
you're not gonna have very long he just
said spend our time wisely with him come
here baby
all of this dog I don't believe it I
don't believe it we're going to get a
second minute ie straight-up said spend
as much time as you can with him because
he is eating still that's true so a good
fine I guess while I'm doing okay right
now I mean when Brittany got home it was
really rough to hear but a little time
has passed and I guess while I'm doing
okay with this is that this is in pretty
good spirits like I can tell he doesn't
feel that great he has a little
temperature but he's in good spirits he
just brought his ball out he got him a
new ball we got in the new ball he
doesn't want to chase the ball he
doesn't want to play ball but he oh my
gosh man what I love thinking about I
got to stop vlogging this like I'm gonna
frame off it's all good like I don't
know what to do it is terrible
like it's terrible is such a like harsh
like reality on all this stuff man but
let's continue this vlog I don't want to
bring anybody down this is just a major
part of life Zeus has been actually
around it seems like forever I feel like
I've had him forever he's only seven and
we got him as this crazy little puppy
and we hear you buddy
and he said feed him whatever he'll eat
so we're going to make him a big steak
tonight - I'm gonna make him a giant
steak and we're gonna make sure he keeps
eating guys and he's drinking water so
I'm we're going to get a second opinion
I promise you that let's try to change
the speed of the vlog let's try to
change the mood of the vlog Todd was
over here and he was loading his
four-wheeler
and I just he's going to be so method
he's gonna be so mad at me for showing
you this but we caught this on camera
okay so what is your Brittany got
apparently donkeys will play with balls
oh my god is that what it is that things
in their small small angles good not a
bouncy balls like a I don't like tenable
Oh Joe - if I seen that in real life I
was kidding
what do you think this you probably play
with that one so invite the donkey now
calls for flash I'm not kidding he does
that Lauer he'll yeah every time he does
it flash runs to them so now I think
donkey has bonded with flash and now
they're like I'm separate it's crazy
yeah we got off my brother's boy's
birthday tomorrow so we got his stuff
and that should be a lot of fun she's
having all the family together sounds so
good to me right now it's funny degrees
again oh it sucks it's like summer here
today stunning kids are like in short
t-shirts and then some other things no
slip it screwed up toy your needs right
oh no III holder Oh awesome
hope you throw it and then his less cool
yo dude does he poop in the same spot
every day cuz it's only their same time
not good though
I pick it out of the yard I think it's
normal look what we got you look what
would you want to play ready he's not a
dog but that's so cool like I like his
personnel he's got his own like he is
his own character like I don't know I
think that's why I like donkeys there's
your kid on the other side like so much
fun so it's a salt block and apparently
uh they enjoy licking salt you salt
liquor yeah I love this little mohawk
man I need like a little hook or
something oh you need a hook on you
uninstall something for you Sesame Tyler
yeah nothing along the road where we're
going to get rose two hours till feeding
times I want assault on rain
what green dude get things put away
we're going to break out before it gets
too dark
ah we're going to break out some RC
action I think the track is dry enough
now to have some fun even if it's wet
it's going to be fun it's ready it's
gonna get a little RC time in before it
gets dark the track is so fun and really
just getting started I did add some
berms a couple Hills in the back a big
burn in the back so good for bonding
with the kids though just hanging out
driving our steeds wrecking them racing
them really fun slowly press this down
just like beat yeah like that being that
one does it or just too fast isn't very
happy not enough time in the day not
enough light to play I know it's bright
um yeah I was gonna say do it hard to
see out there maybe we get one of them
like spotlight nothing Hey goodness I
was walking around thinking I was on my
head that's all vine
something tells me hey you chicken man
and there's really some of my head guys
it's all my it for you my man I've
served you only the finest and steaks
and I've at it enjoy it oh he is eaten
that can you imagine if you went to a
restaurant they were served a gone whole
steak I think you may have just said you
might have beat furious P in the steak
eating contest I don't know if you
appreciated
is that is that is that box out in the
oh I thought this I'm talking to Britt
our windows up
is that box out in the store my my
thingy no where is it
anytime you already got it you the best
in the west
I don't know if I ever told you that
head over to my brother's who I'll hang
out with some family and maybe play a
game and I don't know kinda weird stuff
what would you forget what forget
definitely picking the belt
jump jump jump dun dun dun dun dun why
does it smell like cookies in here love
like uh Oh birthday cake yeah well you
can Mel it walking up the side a lot you
guys want to see what your boogers look
like up close you guys want to check it
out yeah yeah this is so cool man I love
this so he got me a quick key for my
dope premiere editing it's not that you
need it I'm sure your master you've done
it for so long but in case you need
hotkeys no I do I love reprinted it says
it makes your adding 40 percent faster
period if I believe it is your editing
time but I've always edit it on Final
Cut and the keys are different a lot of
them so this is sweetly two things a
little bit and they'll go to go play
button guys good job alright check out
what uncle Roman
brought you ready to see it once you
open it for me if you got it you guys
know I got these little microscope for
my phone while I went online and found I
don't know actually make this at all but
I thought we could amp up our visual
skills look at this beach and plugged in
your computer on it on the screen so you
can read everything on your TV and buy a
screen recorder Thank You Clark we
imported bugs on bought yet or married
it look that's a stick you're paranoid
dude you're paranoid
Starbucks plan out a box to stand back
can that guys stand back and book it why
it's going so you have something to look
at was lying bedbugs that day I said
like that's a scorpion lock to the super
cool thing about the scope is that you
can plug it into a computer and you can
see what acts
you normally have to look through and
that's one person can see it but this
one apparently you can see on a computer
we're trying to do that sháá hooked
that up and when I say we I mean dales
transfer did you see it yeah look at
that
hold on my dad found like a cobweb with
what there was why don't you give it
easy boy he was talking about like other
people could enjoy it once we get it up
look at that don't you what you guys
nobody agrees the screen okay so this is
a little spider web full of tiny little
I guess they'd be gnat or baby
mosquitoes or Jackson wooly the legs on
does it takes a very little critter
that's the hair on the leg of the bug
there's I okay the only thing I think it
was the last and the object because
there's so much that we could like break
something that last seven years child
proofing my home I'm not gonna have a
window about that frame right there I'm
kidding you have to have some type of
glass oh honey play button the new play
button is what I bought in his fashion
master class everywhere just water in
there yeah you dude while there's
mosquitoes flying out of it nice look at
the green life in it actually that's
chalk the kids were mixing it with chalk
and then wiping it all up we got a
copperhead snake through all the venom
out and then check out the cells in the
venom I'll paste it and tell you what it
tastes like trying to find some life out
here guys in recorder look at that thing
oh we need zoom in next next level up
yeah they're not amoebas I said there I
mean I'm neuron me but amoebas are
single-celled organisms ooh so this is
whether one self-learning just this
little puddle that we pulled off out of
that wheelbarrow out there is an entire
world to these little creatures look
look at that thing look at that what is
that they're having a conversation right
if you were small enough you could fish
in there so this is the thing they're
sitting there going I wonder if there's
any life out there whoa look at that
thing what is that
we that came he's out is this man
what you want pretty - oh they little
garbage truck cleaning the street you
need more power more power how big that
ocean I know him it's a whole world he
thinks he's in an endless world telling
us trying to do that along this is an
alien compared to what we are right
through
we are the alien and it's hey baby
what's up dude
oh he's wagging his tail so apparently
have almost 80 degree weather in
February without a huge storm
so uh it's really about the pound man
like hard Wow hey I don't think so
that's it I'm good on that tail tail as
I hold the crap look at I still never
seen our camera like that oh my god it's
crazy crazy
holy crap let's go play let's play I
don't want to do it
it's like jumping in a lot it's like
jumping I don't watch unless your
armpits up all right guys gosh dang it
man trying to keep as cool as I possibly
can right now just get up on such a good
friend of mine that uh you know just
just trying to get more advice in more
opinions on just a situation right now
and it's the worst it's just the work
Adam
I don't even have to explain I don't
even really need explain to you guys I
know like 99% of you have had or have a
pet that you absolutely love like I've
had pets in my life but this one is like
I love like I love this anyway you guys
don't want to end this at all on any
negative note I know a lot of you have
pets and you know you had an animal or
you have an animal that you just love so
so much I know you understand a hundred
percent where we're coming from is just
not a fun time it's never a fun time
when anything like this happens so we're
going to end the vlog we're going to say
goodbye for today I know what I found
today man I hate this kind of stuff it's
that's it's just that it's the real part
of life that's not fun for anybody I
don't I don't wish it on my worst enemy
it's just I I hate it I love you guys so
much thank you for being a part of this
family this has been such a massive part
of these daily videos and we love him so
much and I know you love them so much
too and that is awesome we love you
buddy see you guys tomorrow
beautiful you want to kind smile more
you
