got a go little man look at you you
fittin anything
he's an RC box early you fit just right
in I got the biggest hug you've ever
given me
oh that's not the biggest hugging you've
ever given uh-oh he's preparing for it
just don't chop my head off
oh that's a long touch the one dead Rock
my baby the tree flash daddy's gonna go
I love you so so much so good
check out the artsy wall so far guys we
got the two new one coming up that we
made yesterday it's a work in progress
if you guys have any ideas for me please
tell me I'm really excited about this
it's going to be great for our track
actually getting some blue sky today
which is going to help a lot
Oh awesome yeah the tricks starting to
dry check it out hi flush oh it's going
to be ready to go guys check it out man
can't wait to add to it new jumps and
turns and berms and hills bye buddy I'll
see you soon okay
we're not hanging with your boy today
not hanging with your buddy I'm so so so
so late this my buddy don't go don't
leave I'll be back
and stop somebody's got three stars
headed downtown guys eat up with a bunch
of guys that I'm doing business with our
Carlo included we are going to have an
opportunity today to go to Cleveland
Ohio
no no if this is true but apparently we
have floor seats to watch the Cavaliers
tonight I've no idea if that's
completely true but for what I've heard
we're going to sit for seats very
excited you guys know I love sport I'm a
sports fanatic everything about I know
nothing about force until appoint my
life and I've been like this for a while
that anything that takes away from my
job in my family I try to avoid and
sports is definitely one of those things
for me like I'd like to watch it well it
will keep right so it will eat I'm like
playing video games I want to play video
games so bad but it takes away from what
I'm trying to do I can't do it right now
this is awesome oh holy smokes
yeah dude you got this yeah this is
awesome and congratulations
Wow rides our problems inside alright
guys we are on the move end up for any
burning newcomers this is what I do I
just hold a camera in front of my face
and right moment you got you guys what
do you do man what do you do webbing I
worked in a lot of state I'll raise much
lots of money for outstanding football
player Quiet Storm was spray my hair
success my friends they want better
running backs ever and our and the
school uses the money for this Letta
Krogh room here
now men building like buildings are you
doing real important stuff yep and what
do you manufacture glass for skyscrapers
I install it
oh you're the Installer dollar I hold
this camera in front of my things
for us today so if you see me doing this
this is what I do
we're on the move guys we're heading to
Cleveland right now to the cap game
Cavaliers what's the best sports
basketball team with the best team what
is the best basketball in our hair down
gab I'm going to say Cavaliers because
that's who we want to see I know nothing
about basketball so I fear nothing
nothing what would I get to get I are
the Bulls fan get him popular that's why
I had mild or no Michael Jordan
my favorite basketball team was probably
Miami Dolphins I'm walking to Carlton
and he handsy yeah what are these I was
like dude they're just some glasses that
flips the snapchat and yeah they're
called Maps now shades or something
actually they're called
I can't read it you guys always ask me
to do more snapshotting I never have a
snapchat and I used to use it all the
time actually love doing it but
apparently these you just wear and you
sit down there's nothing that attracted
me to over there fizzing machines they
drop in the city no one knows whether it
says they're coming it is random yeah
they're modern second 2000s up okay but
uh
get that let me get that step chest
where we going they're not gonna plug in
here charge of mine
all right I'm not sure exactly where
we're at or what were a Anthony good
driving buddy isn't it I love how he's
like a little more little more you're
like no that was no I love it you're
when I'm racing loan performance does
this card look like a big relief it
departs make this pop is it therefore we
can say you get car keys
thank you very much done that's pretty
awesome I could be office Oh got it I
got it here Cleveland has a warm
welcoming I love magic so this is
awesome me thank you man these are
excellent classic cars they are anything
from the dollar store should be pretty
well mixed up okay homie looks pretty
good to me
we think we he'll look this little to
work with here so hey stop stop right
there okay I'm hitting you up I'm a big
star Wars fan hey I know okay what star
would what it's really okay so we'll go
with our today's to 23-17 hello pinch
pinch your pants do well over a few
little pink
yeah no it's to get you one now do it
their way there's a little bit of ink
smug to what yo that's good and I hate
Matt I hate it I like him so it's done
to me and then I hate it good job dude
good job did like so this is how the
entire hotel is powered at the entire
motor for the actual that's crazy that's
it so needs yo what's your ATM password
go I need your ATM just for just for me
nothing public so it's like so it thank
you guys Thank You Anthony you're the
best driver in the world orphan over to
the state
yes is it not in the country I got it
but in the city I'm like a lot I feel
okay there's there's a video I think we
did it for break we did the little pot
prank on police right here on the street
right here
imagine LeBron and you come here and you
see that the whole buildings just you
holy moley
that's so cruel he's like I own this
place he does okay the last time was at
a basketball game with Cody's very last
game the Lakers and us Angeles and that
will see you having a good season yeah
see I did have good see you're like no
sleep I don't think the food and
beverages on three three oh we have our
pockets line the plastic highlight this
is pretty cool we have like some of the
best seats for a guy that doesn't watch
sports I feel kind of there's our seat
right there
that's about the view honest it feels
weird to have such a good scene not
really follow sports too much but I know
the experience is going to be amazing
it's really fun to watch this is what is
that grapefruit Oh My yes the main hey
all right look at that
wait
what is normal know exactly for project
in a copy but they come out during like
three general do it really looks like it
was Friday I had to step out for a
second to explain you guys that I just
had pulley told me from my seat and tell
me don't try anything tonight have we
really gotten to that point I'm really
good actually
really has gotten to that point Kevin
Love we have won every game since you've
not been here and so think you're hot
and all that it just learns that and
schooling all that sure that things you
should go let make yourself okay
okay now I'm confused essentially pull
me from my seats that don't try anything
tonight I just feel like I'm like not
done that ever and they I don't know
kind of weird I'm gonna go watch the
game but it's kind of aggressive Bob
Joe's making sure I'm here to watch the
game that I'm a family I don't even do
that stuff so they pull me aside and say
that for a second okay alright so I so I
head up security yeah out of the arena
okay I'm a gambling I here to watch a
game and enjoy that day I've never I've
never ever done that ever ever yes
didn't mean it to be an idea fun okay
song here this is what's your name Dante
Dante judge character and what it's
really like
how are the cops which is insane it's
like a thank you for a lyric thank you
for Sally for ruining my religion
check yourself he just snapped out of
this here's me here's me here's all the
police just surrounding me hey yo I just
want to thank you or multiple all the
police just pulled me from my seat
saying don't you try anything
whoa all right here we go here we go
here we go boom you got to go this way
that way at least we got a good shot
after the game check this out
this is what it looks like after the
game your world is easy easy
trying to get a picture Hawkins they
were even trying to get it on now we
know what you guys are like you're going
to try I trying to get a picture now how
easy how easy all right have a good one
have a good one I am so confused right
now bill I like what you've ever I have
no idea what's going on
I think that this day let's go listen
handsome why was I in handcuffs Andy
nobody understands that's the only thing
that made me mad to handcuff that made
me mad very mad that's why I was there
anyway let's move on what did you call
that what do you think when they put me
in here I was thinking like you had to
go to the klinke
I can't believe I missed the ionic
compounds right when they rushed me out
they put me in handcuffs
thank you for Liebling we're getting in
our bus and we're headed home got you
some hellos the coolest we do that
Pursuit of Happyness guys ah I can't
breathe
welcome to current day guys I am back
home where I truly belong I belong at
home an RC track is drying out it is
absolutely beautiful the most beautiful
day of the entire year for 75 degrees
for us just perfect thanks for hanging
out today guys I'm glad everything went
smoothly no hard feelings
even though we have the wristbands and
they said we could go out get pictures
they still was like no way
so I don't know if it's just because who
I am or what but I'm home everything's
good I love you guys thanks for hanging
out fishing sods over here digging with
my he's out in that field you can
explain this thing all day got it in
this so I can start today's vlog I love
you so much thanks for everything
Oh tell me who your favorite sports team
is like let's see you tomorrow you're
beautiful
you're one of a con keep your head up
don't let nothing bring you down oh let
nobody bring you down oh let nobody tell
you you can't do it you can and you will
keep going guys I love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind mama all
right got 23 push-ups today you ready
let's do them together 23 here we go
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
17 18 19 20 come on 3 months 21 22 23
good job guys let's keep it going
tomorrow 24
