everything is uh welcome to the blog
guys today is a very very special day it
is britain 26th birthday that's weird
literally so much going on today our
donkey has a ride the donkey is finally
here living at our home yesterday if you
watch yesterday's vlog he got his house
I cannot believe you didn't hear him in
here like out there carrying on me oh my
guys that we're working on the fence oh
my god they're like I've never seen one
like that in real life looks like good
is all this ration break out yesterday's
vlog I was putting these um speaking
these sticks through my own story you
want your birthday present yeah you want
your birthday present you really get me
yeah Kane and I got you something
and you got your news flippers that you
wanted is this about to put on your
working on our sea stuff taking them
wheels off switching back to the real
wheels here do you need up I didn't get
your ducks top it with the dock we've
got fish we've got too many dogs we've
gotten our donkey back here look at this
believe it or not we kind of live a
pretty fast-paced lifestyle we have to
travel we at the goal place and we have
a lot of animals to take care I don't
know ending ducks are the right move
no no just say I'm right just me no yeah
the thing that was stuck is they would
have a what me alone elite beat free
reign letting kwacha see them instantly
I still blessed catch bird how the
Erinyes well there was a mole back there
completely dead I had to hold up and
okay I'm gonna get your birthday present
it's out Makar I left that in the car
cause you'd find it you sniff it out
wait is it in the garage
not in the garage no I don't think that
big I'm just kidding I don't I'm not
like excite I literally and not
expecting anything I wanted my slippers
I got those and that's all I will commit
well I caught it I don't know corny I
was like you want your birthday present
she's like I caught up like she thought
it was slippers in her
right now I'll take you guys out very
soon and check all this out but look our
fence
runs back into the woods now so the
donkey can't get out donkeys got a new
home he's got like a whole fenced-in
area and apparently until he gets used
to like eating our grass he can't just
run around our yard or he'll eat himself
to death like they'll literally blow up
right yeah I had Brittany gift in the
kids area of the car like this is their
spot this is like where we see some
movies and headphones I'm gonna sit in
this car seat for a second explaining
you guys that Brittany has been wanting
this gift for years like she has been
whether it's Christmas or her birthday
whatever it's been she's always been
like well you can get this like as a
joke so this is a really cool gift and
very special to her and I'm very
fortunate to be able to get it for her
so let's get on the like kingi before I
think do you think she's gonna know what
is here she's gonna know instantly give
it to her
hey here Pulis here right here different
what is it
let's see that gold charlie he like oh
haha
seriously this is are they real really
like came picked them out completely Oh
mommy finally got some real diamond
earring honey I don't have any earrings
on today I know they're gonna lost you
here's your uh little diamond is it
weird that I didn't have earrings in
today
oh yeah wear earrings every day oh my
god they're so pretty
baby's moving now my cane getting really
good taking the wheels off and put new
different wheels on super cool to see
them do it you like them
oh they look nice and glowing really
great yeah they look great yeah can't go
wrong with diamonds I was happy with my
slipper Wow
let's go see this guy okay you gonna
hang out here alright have fun
carry on like he talked who says never
loose come here he's never met a donkey
before this is his little house check it
out he's got this crazy almost thought
he just has this whole area yeah this is
crazy
we think this he's like I'll stay out
here he's so hot in the houses for I
feels amazing to him more than you know
who's that Zeus who's that they're
meeting for the first time
Zeus an empire I love his headgear man
so he stays long he's like a little
night he's like a video game night we
had to shave him
Oh apples it's the front of log where
somebody has to remember me saying
you're probably years ago one day I'll
have a donkey and look we have a donk
we think this we think dude wagging his
tail a who's here who's this yep good
boy good boy you're not the biggest
animal at the house no one barely you
guys already know he's super laid back
he's like the song he's just so chill
he's about to go home for his first time
maybe his first home he's ever had
actually it finds out look at can you
talk about it I never seen no you do
that this is your thing see we should
put we should put his cattle we should
put the catapult in his cage like a
fortress we still have this catapult
doing nothing look at this thing you
think dude pretty cool right and it's
cool you come in and check him out
anytime you want it just needs a
PlayStation huh or an Xbox whether beta
pony 550 550 yummy if anybody hat if
anybody has any way to make a custom
smile more wardrobe
welcome you're gonna feed him well I'm
gonna get the Wow no we should put like
monkey bars when he got there like I
know farmer the pizzas half life late
just like that what's the plan when the
square
yeah I'm just it's just like a heart and
there's guilty where you have to put it
over here perfect outside yeah this
should be a gate there just swiveled
open yeah we didn't think about that
yeah so it's a first bomb dude we're
almost on the same diet buddy you know
it is not warm yet it's supposed to get
warmth then
okay guys where's this stuff that all
right guys
how do I explain it what's the best we
expect like how do I explain this this
is the first I trying to say by name
we're going to spit this out
you shouldn't spit this out for three
years plus Maya Moore has been around
and smile Moore has always have been
about not the crazy artwork or not the
cool designs it's always been very
simple it's always been about that
message smile more now every once in a
while we came out with some like random
limited edition t-shirt where there's
like are we out of them but then I just
continued it because I've always wanted
to be just about this nothing fancy
clear as day a simple message that being
said for three plus years all we've had
is black blue in red and that's all
you've had to choose from
forever we had a limited edition gray
that we made and then discontinued and
now we are adding for the first time
ever a full timeline of brand-new colors
to the very simple movement of smile
more we've got purple which looks blue
on camera we've got green
we've got navy we've got maroon in all
sizes kids toddlers not hotline in
almost all sizes
we've got men's we've got women's we've
got kids this is a new edition it's been
requested a million times please have
some new colors it's been like this for
years and uh we hear you it's a
community thing and we do listen to you
guys and uh this is by far the most
demanded colors I don't know I would
probably go Navy because I wear black
and that's just kind of a nice dark
neutral color to this day I'm not
kidding I get more compliments when I
wear a smile more sure of people that
don't know me that just like the shirt
or the Hat then any shirt I've ever worn
in my life hey turn that up came out
with them we were in Aruba yeah like
everyone's like I love that shirt I know
and you guys of course say the same
thing when you wear your shirt people
either viewers mutual viewers come up to
you guys and all of a sudden you're
talking about the videos or you just get
random cool compliments and that is what
that
message is all about so very cool we
weren't planning to launching yet but
we're launching them today they're up
there on the website top link of this
description Roman Atwood dot-com it's
the only real small more merch on the
entire world Lots website sell it that's
the only real one guys so if you want to
support us Roman Atwood dot-com
go get them they're now available all
kinds of new colors I got to show you
guys this the flash wants to hang out
with this donkey Surat he's sitting on
the front porch look at this no are you
waiting for him to come out and play
hahahahaha
he's like well there's deuce I'll take
Zuzu
that we go
may you have blue marks on the table run
mmm marks on my table a little more
light all right all right Dale and his
kids are showing up and they bring it
bring Pete oh I catch you guys drawing
times wait were you not eating pizza I'm
not dude I'm so sorry I'm bacon bacon no
sugar so that trust me my mouth is
watering thinking about it I'm going to
make you guys describe every bite I'm
doing this to myself guys it's my choice
I just started Brittany Tom made chili
that's been frozen in the freezer is for
us guys I'm doing this over I'll be
around isn't it
can you Andy puts us with me you do
push-ups you just don't escape okay
setting your ice cream down as you push
up look at that kind of warping into the
night a little bit Dale and the kids are
gone we spent some time just hanging out
for Britain's birthday what are you
doing Oh gonna knock out these push-ups
we're at what 19 to the 18th crap move
the truck
I need your 18 yeah you did 17 you will
do 18 we add one each day we start at 10
now we're already eight teams more than
19 then 20 there's stop it was not
stuffing it's funny what we do have to
figure out how we do it in the blog so
you guys don't like quit doing this I
know a lot of your participating I get
videos every day on Twitter like you
guys are doing with a good job
hang out mommy no flashes outside I've
pretty much lost everybody and this is
anybody watching right now doing this
with me if not just tell me it's not
stop putting the blocks I'm going to
continue doing it if you guys know what
I won't do it I promise
18 plus it's getting
number one I'm just embarrassed that I
can't do it all right here we go one two
three four 505 I'm doing so fast you
eight nine ten one two three four five
six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
thirteen fourteen fifty fifty well see
anything good job
yeah but Dad we do you did um I did um
and I just I just I just put it in the
vlog hope you guys doing it with me if
not it's okay if not it's okay like me
to do it aside okay it's on uh P
jungle-gym cane it's all about when I'm
done with push-up you should just start
climbing on me like I'm on I got a
superhero stuff course I actually
thought this morning and you're like
fresh out of towners like to the silo
road like peridot with that just
completely plain dry nothing in it is
your birthday not mom give me lip these
weights up boy
oh yeah curl it up over your head
so we are just hanging out kind of
goofing off I had to do my push-ups get
reminded by you guys on Twitter you're
always I don't forget your push-ups
because I will and I have is check out
this view of the tanks on the floor it's
my favorite spot you lay down and almost
like the glass just starts to disappear
and everything just becomes there I
don't know maybe it's just me stupid
maybe am I just honest but don't answer
it yeah
and you Erinyes all sauna so he's been
like lame he's been sleeping and stuff
that's awesome I think sleeps standing
up what what yeah more seasons of each
please state all animals no one oh wow
wait wait we're going with it donkey
sleep stand up they don't lay down and
when did they sit down or lay down well
maybe sometimes but it's bad usually
they're laying down you 36 what so the
doll he stands always that actually like
honey but Gibson I wanted to lay down
and relax in a new home they don't move
around and like like he must have been
rolling around making it better what
everybody keeps stand girl you must be
about your montreuil being a guy goes
blonde I'm just trying to unwind guys
crazy enough we are going to cut this
vlog off we have some cool plans this
weekend that will be bringing you along
guaranteed vlogs don't hold me to that
a kiddy we're doing good I just maybe
this is already day 9 again like I think
that Ken Martin and I blow it huge huge
huge can't say it enough happy birthday
to that girl right there she's beautiful
she's my best friend she's my she's
everything she's everything to me and I
love you not just I'll stay off camera
too but I really will say okay guys you
are a massive massive part of this
family we cannot thank you enough for
just hanging out with us being here
especially to the end where I'm talking
to you guys and there's just nothing
entertaining going on we spent some time
off camera for her birthday tonight and
we'll be right back at its mom we love
you with everything we have thanks for
being here we wouldn't be where we are
without you come on buying buying buying
buying buying buying buying you're
beautiful you are one-of-a-kind my loss
you
