dad dad dad
I'm coming for you
hi baby what's up nice shirt
hey guys welcome to today's what I'm
just starting to vlog right now right
this second what Oh perfect it's perfect
we are we're preparing for a very last
second trip today
and chase kind of threw it at us that
whoa easy easy got it
how you doing in here bud is this your
fighting right now yeah I can't I can't
catch him yo he's a slick one you get
him game how's that pizza you just
sitting up on my desk eatin pizza just
like I would so yeah that's what's going
on right now the girls are getting a
couple things together and then we're
taking it very like oh oh my gosh dude
can't cover your eyes hey guys done hey
you make it all the way in here she's on
the move she's on the move
tuxes like I'm getting out of the road
man this is crazy she's legit coming all
the way in come on let's go see what's
going on and Korra's straight coming
she's a street moving in yeah she won't
see what's going on oh my gosh a lot of
distractions in here so buck you stomped
on pause the game post the game somebody
go back that way there's a good game you
like it yeah you see what Chase is
teaching our kids in there this the back
flip for the 180 thing well you did on
the trampoline didn't you
Oh what school boy one more please ma'am
no girl in the house all right ready go
do it
it's notice they never been I will do
backflips I think you got it now you got
this now to do it
boom Kim oh gosh cords like Here I am
just trying to move it all crawl walk
okay laptop laptop charger - the most
important things I have to have on a
trip do you own a Oh table tops cuz it's
got a lot of driving so we're gonna do
some of that
alright come eat your food
not you well that didn't last that's
your whole amber you get - looks like
you're going to McDonald's now you lovin
it flash you say bad flash that's bad
you don't even care about that my fan
that I found a lot you guys know I have
to have a fan to sleep like I literally
can't sleep I got ringing of my ears
really bad since I was 16 years old and
ever since then I require some type of
noise in a room or I cannot sleep so I
found this thing at a baby store it's
like an electric fan actually it's nice
it's nice it's a real deal so that will
be joining my bag of musk Oh Jace oh you
came in here and said we have to leave
like a while ago yeah now you're still
in your plane that was before I
discovered Arizona I shall return back
soon okay
I love love love love love yeah good
luck
tux be a good dog be a good little
bugger be a good little even eat pizza
for like six hours so I don't look at
you sing you leavin
she said you leaving me she can't leave
me we're a team we're one we're partners
she won't she look at daddy hi baby she
said just go mom just girl she that's it
looks like she's got hair look she's
gonna hurt Oh keep your head down head
down so I want to catch you guys up on
exactly what's going on chase literally
walked in my office today and was like
yo we're leaving look at this sunset
dude this is magical that is beautiful
you got like this big pink streak going
straight up it looks like Hawaii just
heads like some palm tree
coming up here maybe somebody can
Photoshop man and then the man so
anyways we're hitting the road we're
hitting a late start actually two gal
patrice walked in he's like we literally
are going i knew we were going on a trip
but i didn't know it was today it's
winter again what happened
you got all nice and warm we got gil
back here julia to join us in dog it's
road trip like we're jumping in and
driving six days six days all days i
don't know what you forgot but i got
everything right here you even been
driving for 10 minutes we already make
one stop we're never gonna make it his
kryptonite the absolute kryptonite right
there for you by the way i have
officially destroyed all my nice cameras
I am using any original cheese semmen X
this is in very old camera that happens
to still work that's what I'm blogging
on with this trip so the footage is as
old as it gets this is an original it
doesn't look that bad but it's an old
camera so just to let you know I have to
order new cameras I've destroyed every
hammer I own roadtrip food roadtrip food
oh my god dude
imagine you're cruising down the road
and you're hungry and you got maple
twist donuts yo I got it I got the new
challenge all we does have to be locked
for the whole trip and we all have the
traditional refried beans on only two
examples that mold so I know I know it's
a little early but we'd be my Valentine
all right we made another 1020 minutes
made it to 20 miles we got that food
Brittany is eating sunflower seeds
because she's on that she has a like a
strict meal plan that she's been on and
it's the absolute torture hanging out
with us because we've been eating like
crap that's just straight-up honest but
this time you guys watch last week maybe
the week before I got mozzarella sticks
dick it all down into the abyss of this
seat this time they got the cupholders
position so their last stop I picked up
an item that I think we all need to try
out and see turn night into bright I
don't know there was like one of them
items on the shelves like come on color
Duty night-vision I was really thinking
a brick no she's night driving I want
her out the best the best vision
possible and while you eat sunflower
seed oil test that's it all that
packaging for their packaging and now
you're warm
all right now the official now don't cry
when you put these on all right you know
you look good
a lot is it bright is it so bright oh
it's gonna be give me something give me
give me like what what do you see
literally everything's yellow that's it
everything's yellow in general look at
my camera I see everything yellow it's
like everything's covered with honey
there look here let me try let me try
let me try
Britt Britt your oh my gosh to me alone
in your brake pedal it'll be a long road
trip we got a lot of hours to spend
together and you know I'm just trying to
get nice gifts for everybody Valentine
oh come on I've been high I've been high
just everything's yella I've been had it
may honestly be darker is there like a
button you push er it's says especially
coded you block nighttime glare Oh
blah I fell for the turn night in the
bright like I thought it was night
visions the night time I thought it was
gonna be like a Navy SEAL I thought I
was gonna be able to go in the woods and
just see everything the whole purpose is
to dim down like if the car is coming at
you and they've got your bright lights
on that's come on um I can show you guys
what it looks like
here we go here we go oh my god it's so
much better not neither looks better
without it
honestly real that's not look at the
oncoming traffic
those are got light but I thought you
were gonna have to like charge these
like USB or like batteries I thought
they had I thought they had power like
something special this little store be
honest I feel like I think I know how do
you see better I'll be honest they look
better than they actually help you yeah
they smell chocolate when I put them on
do you smell - I'm just gonna be honest
that was the worst 499 4999 $50 we go
we're leaving Ohio here we go we're
entering West Virginia it's so cold
we're stopping for gas there's actually
snow here in West Virginia I believe
that's still where we're at you ready to
go we're in Pennsylvania now this gas
guzzler held $77 222 gallons that's a
lot that's 22 gallons fuel we're on some
weird highway right now you got it you
got a film out your window film it film
it behind Julian no you can never get
enough practice sometimes you just gotta
stop on the side of the road are you
flashers even though do my shoes are too
small won't strap in
yeah bro here we go Oh
whoa it's a lot deeper than I thought
how's the snow bull send mode so far not
cool dude
okay good that's snowboarding highway
overpass 101 yeah oh my hands are frozen
now surprised no one's passed us
holy smokes my hands are gone my figures
frozen let's go
something's wrong with my hands we're
good we're good
all right mission complete no I mean
like it's gonna heat up for you the next
fills chases next else Jason's trying so
hard to just pay his toll okay it's hole
dude we have no okay maybe they take
Bitcoin you think they take Bitcoin we
can just pay Bitcoin 262 dollars and 60
cents I know we got changed you know
what are you really what are you doing
with milk girl so after a very long six
plus hour drive we are
dude yeah a lot of stops we took it
probably the most amount of stops you
can possibly take this is turn to no
quite the trip guys quite the trip for a
last minute horn yo dude I hope you're
excited so pumped for a really good
reason and when you you find out laughs
you're gonna be like yeah it's worth it
yeah girl go ahead get down go ahead
girl go ahead get down yeah buddy I love
you too no yeah I just want to say
goodbye I just want to say goodnight it
was pretty psychedelic hallway there not
some C's long story short we made it to
our hotel for tonight and I'm excited
because it's after midnight already what
time is it it's late
it's tomorrow it's a new day it is too
after midnight it is - oh no conjoin
rooms okay so we're gonna settle in here
we are gonna wrap up we have chase had
been working on a big surprise for us
and although he's already told me what
it is I know it's coming I'm just so
excited we're gonna wake up tomorrow and
do it all so we're gonna say goodbye
right now you act like you have
something back to the car I'll go with
you
I'll go with you let me let me let me
say goodbye to mom
we love what we love you guys thank you
for coming around on this very quick
little travel vlog it was fun getting
here it's always fun trying to capture a
little bits and pieces of traveling I
don't know how I did but that makes for
me that's it you laid down it's over I'm
not going back outside we will see you
guys tomorrow the streak continues we're
up into the 80s which feels amazing and
yeah that's all I got
thank you so much we'll see you tomorrow
for some cool very cool stuff
love you you're beautiful you want the
guy
you
