welcome to the ball guys hope you're
having a great day we're just getting
our day started actually look at this
look at me reckless he's like no
everyone
everyone how you feeling dude last night
in the middle man I just threw up this
giant pile into our closet our bedroom
it's really nice you buddy
so Oh can't let them out are we doing
the fence booth I don't know if you guys
can see it but these guys are putting in
a whole new fence that's gonna run up
into these woods our donkey comes in
what today it just so happens that the
donkeys coming on Britney's birthday so
they're finishing this fence out so the
donkey can't get out why so yeah that's
gonna be done it to me we're seeing a
fence back here too yeah but we can't
have a random donkey walking around the
neighborhood he doesn't own it you don't
want the dog e-blast you want the donkey
oh is that a yes or no I have no idea
anyways we're getting ready to walk out
the door I need to getting a lot of
requests to actually do my hair instead
of wearing a hat all the time I started
wearing a hat when I got my head shaved
on tour almost ever since then I wear a
habit just habit not just put on that
and then I've fallen in love with the
Hat because I don't have to do my hair
it take so much time to do this hair and
then a minute I don't wash it out every
single night it gets on my pillow and I
get pimples and zits all over my face
and I can't fight with that anyway look
at this hair or hats in a hair or hat
today ah come on camera focus baby focus
you can do it oh it's focused right
there
this is the worst man when you're trying
to leave the house you got to be
somewhere but you can't find something
right now it's my wallet I've searched
everywhere I can not want my wallet No
what do you find it everybody taught me
look for it no you haven't left me okay
I lied
everybody bikinis help me look for it
Zeus where's my wallet buddy huh you
know my well it is so I know where my
tennis ball is see the keys or the
wallets that get me every time I can't
put things in the same place every
single day I can't really bad right here
so like farts oh if these old flowers
look at them dog food and flowers on the
counter that's got to be it I guess
Sonny asked for my sense well I can see
me two of me am I gonna lie you look
like a wild cat
Wow hygena ahh Lena miles not my wallet
I feel like like I'm missing something
major I think we're gonna pick it up huh
I think we're gonna pick it up thank you
found it hmm tiny bit I don't think you
know where my wallet is hey Louie
hey Louie everyone oh you got my wallet
I knew it watch myself
oh yes actually all your - Oh mom oh hi
my wallet yes
shopping yeah I went shopping Momo's s
shopping just shopping with my feet up
yesterday yesterday's long already as
you know went up either didn't go up or
it went up really late because every
time I go to post it I get this crazy
error code I cannot post a vlog it's the
worst feeling when you guys are tweeting
me where's the blog where's the vlog
where's the vlog and I'm genuinely
trying to post it but I can't not in my
hands it's really scary that my whole
career is in another company's hands and
that is freaky and that's why you got to
build things outside of YouTube you have
to always think about the future
that being said I'm sure it's up by now
I'm sure you've seen it but if you did
it
yesterday's vlog or maybe there's too
we're out and about Brittany is going to
we're doing some weird today you're
going to hit the grocery store fruits
veggies good stuff Kate and I mommy's
birthday is in two days one day as the
Bloods going up so kina are going to run
out and maybe get mommy some look at
this face right here this is this is
Brittany losing the sugar battle and
they beat you it's actually did get ice
cream yesterday hey I've eaten really
good today I mean I'm at I'm dressing
the whole way up here she's like can we
just stop summer gonna I'm like hot I
can't really eat anything at restaurants
she came in our set like where do we
know we're having a dinner tonight we're
having people come over for dinner
tonight and you're like you're little
bit you're losing it I'm so hungry
hey good food only good food only hey by
the way happy Valentine's Day
we'll see in a minute
okay bye love you just me and you you
better get in your seat since it's
Britney's birthday in two days one day
if from the vlog yeah she's getting
groceries up and down the roof fun she's
doing the fun stuff we're going to go
look for a little birthday gift but we
can't log it she would know where we
went so there is one place we can go on
the vlog if you want to wear it
backwards you can wear it backwards I'm
all about it you goofball dude and you
go let me see this is the best part of
my life right here
get dressed around my little man those
are Legos that is cool
we need lego people and I'll you know
daddy's been in that fountain before I
did a front flip into it I did it I
swear you go make a wish we are you
wishing
these are serious wishes man
these are serious wishes a magical
dragon shows up at our house tomorrow
you really mad
hey get some good stuff Valentine's Day
mommy for you sing for me Oh mommy so
sweet
some guy was behind me in line and like
I got a lot can he really like two
things
my last thing up there was came flowers
and he's like oh you shouldn't have to
buy those for yourself
yes a lemon I was like oh there grandma
5 euro heading home got a couple people
coming over for dinner tonight and I you
know kind of sitting in half traffic
this is the Ohio traffic right here this
is bad about it forget there's other
Lane every hit you could jump into a
different land if you really want to be
home gotta get aggressive on these roads
girl you want you to answer this vlog
okay so we're back home and I kind of
feel bad because I got my candy man here
what's up buddy how are you doing very
good but I feel bad because I got my
eight days no sugar so candy kind of
kind of comes in too
well I got you something would you would
you get got you this right here but this
is also this is a package this is not
only for you this is also for the boss
to clone your bomb so some great foreign
I'm gonna put money on it this isn'ta my
heart
this is this is how bad it is it's your
Christmas card what I swear you but Mike
I'm telling you I think I got the
Christmas cards and roll along this is
like good look at that all right
why did you stop being a sugar some nice
still killing Italy right he's still
showing up too much anywhere I do my
walk
everywhere Santa got ping $15 50 Hot
Wheel car that's like 15 burgers from
McDonald's that's like what else is
that's like 50 prop you can get to what
else what is a dollar you can buy 50
things from a dollar store did it all
understand money yet hold on
wait this is Keynes money Keynes money
he's had six dollars now here's 56 dude
sitting flash-forward
okay what is it dude I just are you
kidding me right now you need a break
perfectly brought a bag of sugar this is
good for you come on dude
come on oh it's hard on me I'm gonna
make you eat this whole bag for that
it's good stuff tonight
sup buddy hey we are about to feast on
some let me check this out see ya a
Veronica Britta's whole making some
serious wings these are all what is all
this so I can show you I can show you
it's a mix of all natural stuff black
peppers and pepper Rica oregano
Himalayan salt garlic powder real
chicken nothing added to it it's real
and it's really gross looking country
fill the bag now coin you gotta wear
this this is for you this is a little
blankie baby I'll listen to you God she
knows what she likes
you nailed it that is inviting
what are you ripping my door off because
your posters came off and it you know
what it's never been right since the
ball pit prank we had we had to take
this door off for the ball pit prank to
get the bags in yeah I didn't sound good
that's good
well geez oh-ho I brought some flash
paper tonight but let me fix your door
first oh you took the whole thing on let
me correct you it hasn't been right
since little Dale busted through your
metal screen door that's sure he walked
right through my screen he was the
between through it and to look at the
bit my mouth is watering take a voyage
how are you gonna do this um as it dries
it ready I don't know I'd hate to catch
a carpet on fire
I'll be all right throw it on the tile
Wow would you guys like the most
flammable carpet ever no no there's
nothing there
let's cover your fourth paper first and
then we'll grow all that idea ha ha oh
my gosh you order it right now
oh my whole camera fogged up case you
guys want a hot sauce that has a only
natural stuff integrated overloaded you
all right no that's right 10 out of 10
on the wing seriously I'm a mouse
burning but it is good
those are hot will you think of the
wings I should get 11 out of 10 country
yeah good
Dale food's ready come eat your food Ben
with this bird bra come on ah put your
toys away come eat I'll give you cash
lambeth would you accident no no wait
where am i throwing at your hand over
here we couldn't go where I got to get
my muscle memory right all right ready
you got a hit you been
shot got flash paper uh-huh we got Nerf
dart Megan nerf put them together
Megan there flash paper dart how about
for you my gosh oh here's our attempt at
the Nerf dart flamethrower wind of it
that's the wick I'll be light again
my light is rooted it's solid gold -
shoot me in the chest
dude I'll do it yes or hear me out a
mini cardboard village at the end where
the darts going to land and burn the
village down I am all about that okay
I'm gonna try to shoot this in slo-mo -
one day one mission flaming or I'll
shoot the dart to test it no guys we
know this is bulletproof but it is yeah
I'm pretty sure that nylon is flameproof
kids do not try this at home
alright ready so go down
it burnt the dark
yeah it'll still shoot try to shoot it
such how to shoot it oh we ran out of
the big nerf judge today Oh got the
smallest gun II could find I got that's
a mosquito shooter what's it called in
Men in Black II uh
oh yeah haha three two one shoot it was
another do one good against lighting I
want to turn red for little monsters
everybody's leaving we've had our fun
each other
hey Jim fun tonight well ma'am
that was a lot of fun okay so it's just
about the end of log and I was like crap
I didn't do my push-ups so I'm going to
stick to this I'm going to do it today
at 16 we've added one each day we
started at 10 tomorrow will be 17 and
then 18 and I hope you guys will join me
in doing this so here we go
yesterday I fast forwarded through this
because I thought it was really freakin
boring for you guys and then I saw tons
of comments like please don't fast
forward it because we do it with you so
I'm not going too fast for it today if
you want to skip it skip past it if you
want to do it with me here we go alright
ready set go
one two three five six seven
we're halfway there one ten eleven
twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen
Hey yeah will you read the whole thing
he's plowing his tennis ball haha you're
doing the push-ups with this good job I
know we're only at 16 but it's adding up
quick we were just only at 10 soon we're
going to be in the 20s and it's going
start getting really difficult so now
I'm going to end the vlog guys thank you
so much for hanging out with us today
thank you for being here being a part of
this family we will see you tomorrow in
fact a lot is going on tomorrow holy
smokes I am gonna add you know what I'm
not going to say anything just sometimes
things fall through and then I look like
an idiot
so we love you you're beautiful you're
one of a kind smile more
