good morning are you ready to rock baby
oh my gosh welcome to the vlog guys we
are out of here we are packed up
suitcases ready but we're not going home
if any hot this is why you double check
your hotel room no matter what there's
literally my hoodie and iPad and some
type of you got everything yep we got it
looked at the cable on his bed wait is
there oh my gosh always this is the way
it's never this bad but we were going to
leave we were going to leave all right
let's do this again the next journey the
next thing alright beautiful la it is so
darn pretty here guys this guess I'm
crazy we got to run into a store or
festivai our G tips thank you - it's not
just for her my ears are going crazy
like I woke up last night I'm like
shininess love somewhat lights for a
watermelon boy I know kids a little
messy man let's wait for mommy and the
baby to catch up slowpoke you know a lot
of people asked me like when I meet
people they see well what do you do what
do you film in your vlogs and I come see
you miss fall the good thing I had your
hand what kind of things do you feel I'm
like well I call myself flying qtips
session that's haha I'm actually kidding
we came here to get you new lipstick but
for you lives you want purple or pink
did you realize we're actually gonna be
buying diapers soon oh are using cloth
sighs no god that's so gross I know it's
not that bad it is okay just separate
washer and dryer just for that what you
see oh jeez you candy man yeah doing so
good to get out of here alright I gotta
say first oh very funny mom it's almost
like saying can you believe that we're
gonna be buying these ships do we think
you need to kill two boxes if you do I
think
hangings his ears clean out - that takes
a while I think this should come with a
dentist appointment this uh if I owned a
dentist office I would start advertising
like in these aisles like imagine like
Romans dentist office right here you
have to see it alright guys so we're
live in our back yard in Ohio you can
take flash and donkey doing their thing
having fun oh my oh I can't wait to get
home okay so if you've been watching the
vlogs over the last two three four days
I have been buried in business stuff
that just not been that fun for the
blogs it said yesterday we have absolute
blast
if you missed yesterday's vlog check
that one out today it's Saturday no
meetings no business family fun hangout
times we're going to head over to a
little swim and Kane isn't dying to swim
you ready get wet boy you ready to get
wet
tell them till next day do your excited
face yeah we're gonna have some fun
laid-back relaxed family time and uh
yeah yeah yeah who ie please get her
munch on yeah so we are warping to
northern Washington right now absolutely
beautiful pine tree me
are you ready little man we are over at
my brother from another mother house to
watch yesterday's vlog I'm over at you
because he's invited us to his home with
his family and his swimming pool and
it's just beautiful it's like we have a
cool backyard right like our backyard
it's pretty cool we do fun things but
this backyard is a little different very
cool totally opposite of our backyard
right Duca tormenting the kids right now
yo this is a sort of a bomb this is a
backyard my friend so we're going to
have some fun playing the water me and
cain't ready to go let's go we're ready
you got a big jump
first of all you could pull there's a
hundred of mother with me getting up
front huh yeah still might be just kind
of taking it and Oh have you the period
warmer you get the best year ever
yeah but the giant hops up not yet
you're just like a giant person yeah
okay you're clean
Wow he stays afloat little bit that's
beginning I thought you did bring it on
there you go there you go beautiful
Mexico already already yeah let's go
come on great I can't go there you go
over the wall you go here we go it's
like a bobber you know that was a snack
of something what can I make back there
he goes you ever wonder what an
alligator doesn't fart Oh
you guys better hang on oh no there's a
bone cross doesn't look an alligator
that would you like scared them wow that
was crazy here we are on what I'd like
to say like a perfect Saturday man
friends family hang out pull sunshine it
really honestly doesn't get much better
oh oh oh and I forgot to mention cool
Yuka yeah dude it looks good from here
whoa yeah that is awesome
Adam no I gotta go it's so fun coming
for you we had an absolute wonderful
time Yuka inviting us to his home
beautiful fun place at such good Kane
with his boy just they just clicked
instantly which was great here's the
thing we were supposed to fly home
Friday morning but then I had a whole
bunch of opportunities meetings come up
so I stayed for Friday so we booked our
flights for Sunday new opportunity new
meetings have piled up for Monday so we
have to once again extend our trip
through Monday so we are moving to a new
hotel today and just a couple things we
got to get done I think we got to do but
today was awesome today was so needed
just fun we got to play goof off swim it
pulls like a hot tub unbelievable so
yeah we're going to go settle in find
some food and and and just rock this day
beeping oh yeah boy you already found
your spot before I could even get in
Kane look look look look okay they were
able to get your same bed here did we
sleep vertical whoa this is sweet
this is awesome this is cool being ought
to be up here that'll work
I mean I was thinking like where you're
gonna sleep that's perfect if one hour
he'll be all the way over here so here's
a funny story for you we had a couple
more plans for today this evening and
they've all kind of fallen through
because we're exhausted game Gianna eats
all at one I don't know what happened we
got to this hotel room we actually look
we just ordered him food we didn't even
make it out to eat which I'm kind of
glad we didn't because the food isn't
awesome so it's been really comfortable
and just like or just I guess comfort
the enemy comfort that's what's happened
right now we got comfortable it came in
and Canaanite rain we went hard in that
pool we did this my hat still soaked by
the way this is my still my same smile
app you watch these vlogs a lot this is
not a replacement I didn't go to the
store and get a new one this is the
spill the same on the one I lost in
Hawaii
these same time still got my same time I
love it
it's my lucky hat it really is my lucky
hat king how's the pika
I love how he ordered steaks I ordered
pizza but now he's eating my peeps and
I'm eatin say yes that's where I don't
know that we're gonna make it out of
this building at this point we're just
so comfortable we've got cartoons on and
eaten I think I just found our
entertainment for the night
you want to see this yeah I mean could
be fun people watching I don't know why
that's so fun joy
they're having like it looks like a
wedding no matter my role I don't know
my gosh if we have water balloons this
could be like the greatest night ever
United how would you get it girl get it
yeah get that chip off his shoulder he's
angry he wants that fall there we go
let's kiss and make up you I got if
there's any problems I got it and call
me I'm the man you understand
good hey yeah I'm looking for an anybody
seen head so do you like the dress or
not I told you I like it but my my
outfits nicer but no mine's nicer
can I go potty I gotta go potty I gotta
go body can I get you anything no
nothing at all okay no way to like
explain this guys like the baby hey
again like full-on like like it's kind
of crazy don't feel baby and feel your
sister last one was crazy
I shouldn't poke off oh she needs more
space give me more space I need a bigger
bedroom
I need toys honey stop yeah okay we got
battle ow
oh now when I swing down you go that way
this one gets the job mr. Chung re okay
ready Oh
go get em can go get him this is what
they've been doing for like thirteen
solid minutes like 30 solid minutes
they've just been where do you go check
outside on the Mac let's go cool down
whoo oh man this is weather guys I don't
know if you can see me anything need it
Kane's wearing me out I was already
tired and then you get his energy and
look at this place bah boom a lot
different than the views of our house in
Ohio that's for sure it is so different
here it's like I don't know it's like
its own planet its own what hey we're
gonna end the vlog guys thank you for
hanging out today it's just a real fun
chill day that's all we got I love you
little buddy I'm so much fun with him
we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful just gonna beat you I
take my hat boy cuz I gotta end it with
redic ridiculous hair there we go quick
are you gonna throw it off the balcony
is my lucky hat that's my lucky yeah I
can't lose it I can tell is it we love
you guys you're beautiful you're one of
a con keep that big smile on your face
you're so important to so many people
don't forget it don't let nobody bring
you down I love
you stay smiling beautiful one-of-a-kind
smile
you
