welcome to the vlog guys it is super
windy what's up buddy
oh you dab it on me it's super windy out
hopefully my little wind screens are
working here everywhere I'm just gonna
go in the garage every once a while
believe it or not we have to clean our
yard you pretty much get left with all
this random stuff that happens
throughout the weeks everything from old
sleds till bike the plastic balls take
me to the lemma displays come on les
come on and of course it's just an old
random limousine sit in the backyard so
today has started with a little bit of a
cleaning spree look at this place oh man
this limo though is leaving next note
two weeks we're doing something really
cool really big with it and I'm excited
I don't think
I just got so muddy oh you just covered
me Oh soon yards pretty trash nose out
here hustling clean and working how is
it buddy
on a scale from one terrible how Bad's
the yard we meet our third came here
turning in fan mail uh you want to fan
out okay
oh this was like who's coming up the
steps we used to do something called fan
mail and our blogs and sometimes we
would dedicate an entire video just to
that today we have some we're going to
crack open the kids are always excited
what do you want open first huh that's
not funny
we may get a gun let's open it up it's
inside out Mountain Dew boxes wrapped up
into yeah yeah look ha ha hi there's
something there's something there it's
not too late to rip it are you waiting
for some fan mail or you want something
the inside-out mount new boxes coming
from Cassandra bird and she sends a
smile more sign and she sends bracelets
for family I know something's going to
be here for you I know it like a little
kid at Christmas like where's mine I
think this is for you flash well yeah oh
no it's not oh ah look at that
watch what looking it lights up
alright guys I love you to death you
know that but the next person soon to be
swedish fish is going to be in big
trouble
docked I think one time I said this was
my favorite candy you guys know and I
have had I'm not getting a fan me that's
for everything you guys always bring the
swedish fish we have the world's largest
collection of fetus Trish I'm almost
positive is it still wet I think so is
wet Zach Jack its jack yeah actually it
kind of sounds good right now
oh that's why it sounds good cuz I'm not
eating sugar I can't even
III discuss right now no more watches
are from Oliver Oliver yeah you didn't
put a state or anything on it the
swedish fish are for cannon mela they're
not even for me you know oh yeah he's
still smoked me yeah this is fresh you
guys noticed ain't having a blast in
this phone slashes just waiting on its
ban now you guys of course know that
your art lived in our stores so this is
going to be another piece for our floor
shoes that from going from Owen 9 years
old made that for us Thank You Owen what
you got it's a birthday present
yeah would see me it actually says to
Kane I'm doing that's a cool one oh it's
a good idea not to get it from Chase
Todd anything mmm-hmm represent Florida
Destin oh oh flash Oh looks like you got
some stuff dudes don't the Rope alright
you want though
Oh both taught it pull you right across
the floor his name is Shay he's 11 years
old he sends all the dog toys from New
Zealand
you made my dog so happy today because
they both sit and they wait every time
we do fan mail the dogs sit and they
wait because they know you guys send
them sucked so I'm holding wages with :
wages that's a cool name
cold cold wages so is this what you did
relax he does smell so oh my gosh what
is it to mama
ah come on Michel like from the beach
cool mama in the house for nice hey now
look show doesn't inspire my life
this is awesome so excited are they hard
to put in who's it from is it from
somebody sent up these crazy little
company she's 12 years old
sure when I favorite youtubers and I'm
helping my brother's company mesmerize
that's a great name okay so they sent us
all these crazy colored contacts I've
never put a contact lens in but look at
this it's like I'll make you have like
bloodshot eyes can you catch them all
when you have these I still want to do
this tonight like half my face with a
whole different color I called blind
white the line lights you just have I
wonder how hard it is to actually get
these in because I've never won contacts
or put them in so like you know it's
like alright who's next on the list I
love you guys your blogs install amazing
every afternoon I check to see if you
guys posted a blog Oh try to make me
feel bad when I drove it was the
cheapest Jude T Miller
Judy Miller let's go he's 12 years old
that's awesome both nosey
you got me stuck in this box for noon a
little crab sticker I like a magnet
that's cool the cool manner sure water
and how cute yeah
the bracelet made out of pop ties so
their wheels for their key but he's
glued PVC pipe around them so basically
they become like Drifters like you just
slide and spin that's pretty cool
I will definitely hook this up that's
really fun I bet that thing just slides
everywhere
I have a broken ankle and every time I
watch your videos it makes me smile I
love watching you and your family all
the time I hope you like my gift I need
you
is there something else in the box oh
here it is
cane you silly goose this came from
Amazon no name never see nothing oh well
you know I guess smiley balloons those
are cool well the eyes are actually like
3d they pop out listen up this is
important count your smiles instead of
your tears
count your curves instead of your fears
bada bing bada boom face makes all
things possible Oh whoopee cushion
whoopee whoopee all coming from Nolan
gross Kaylee and Bri bright can we
embrace I think just about the kids
through the reading Oh a little a little
moon that's close like a sunset a little
that's beautiful put that right out of
dictionary
maybe those are like a school project
well we made a mess you guys made a mess
thanks for sending stuff as always guys
we definitely prefer you send stuff like
artwork and things that you put time and
effort into the kids have so many toys
and trinkets that it's a little
overwhelming
I don't know how to say it without
sounding ungrateful I just think that
the kids are getting too much oh oh
no they're not you think it's gonna be
easy or hard I don't know I've never
tried I never tried to put contacts in
but I feel like I've tried to point out
with the island is that it's put on the
guy's guyliner eyeliner I've tried to
even put that on my eyes and my eyes
start watering I freak out you can't
imagine eye contact like a lot of you
probably just wear contacts every day is
like when I was growing up my friends
had it they'd like squirt it with
solution and then pop it in but you can
see through that I don't know I think
there's a trick to it like there's like
a way that it has to go in what you
feeling right now
whoo Aoyama hey you don't know white
only feelings who is II just feel like
it's honoring looks like mommy hurt her
eye on oh my god it's right
Emily big white spot wait can you see
through it oh no you can't stare at all
who's gonna say I gotta the other way
how do you get it out it's Callie it
looks so bad dude is it gross you want
to put one end no I know it's not real
and it looks bad like you want to help
like I want to help you somehow do you
see my picture picture hang up look at
my addiction and call me back all right
bye
Britney said Britney sons are formal a
picture of her oh it was so bad she
never gonna believe you and you need her
to say no hockey I just took a nap and
woke up and it's like all bloodshot
oh whatever she never believes me off
now get it out oh very freaking cool
though
I mean that's like it's why I probably
go racing there's good enough that you
could freak people out like it's legit
if you guys saw that little soda I'm
still growing boys you guys just saw it
I didn't like we didn't build this up
and I just started the blog with that
what you think even for a second that
that was real I would if I walked in a
bit I probably be immediately like today
is day six for me no added sugars
nothing with sugar in it except natural
sugar stuff from bananas and apples and
fruits I'm actually really proud of
myself and I do feel good still going up
and down though I still have like I
still have real tired spots in my day
which is strange at the 28 day your body
starts healing 28 days that's like 28
years right now anyway for now I've been
insanely strict I mean chicken breast
that we cook here with nothing it's
literally plain chicken I can't eat any
sauces and just because things say zero
sugar on them there's still lots of
hidden sugars in almost everything
there's like how many different names
for sugar 56 different names for sugar
so companies purposely put companies
purposely put no sugar but really
there's something else that is sugar in
it so I don't really want to put that
kind of stuff in these vlogs but if
you're into this no sugar thing look
into it like it is scary stuff and I
don't know how long I'll make it to be
honest I don't know how long I'll make
it but if even if I do a little better
I'll be happy
it is crazy outside and we have just
lost power twice missed it on the vlog
but the power went out twice flash is
like what's up what's going on
gee you're gonna hear the side of the
house
he's ate a ton of food but we gotta
knock this out 14 right 14 today started
at up its certain sound not so little we
started at 10 we add one push up a day
now we're at 14 do it with us let go
what are you doing man painted one no
one just ate it really want to do it
get out of here little gray chair see
all a snitch on dogs was fun daddy
peanut Blackie or here your job how did
you gain you like my son who's that hey
you're doing yoga yoga yoga 14 today 15
tomorrow we're just adding one each day
hopefully you're joining us gives you
gives you a quick boost to energy when
you just drop down do some push-ups this
is so great I had to run out and look
the gas stations the big ones are all
out of power that is so rare to see that
is the most gigantic moon I've ever seen
coming up oh my gosh are you serious
right there I need a telescope right now
looks like absolutely nothing on camera
what the moon is massive in that I just
ah I want to tell us but I don't know
why I haven't gotten a telescope this
should be the perfect night for the vlog
to film the moon you know when you start
these vlogs I always like to try my best
and you know I'm not an expert at this
so forgive me but I'm trying and I'm
learning it and I'm and I want to get
better at it but I want you to feel
better after you've watching these
videos whether it's just you feel more
positive maybe you feel better mentally
maybe you feel better physically you did
some push-ups I don't know the goal
behind a lot of what I do is just to try
to lift you guys up a little bit try to
help you understand what you're actually
Kate
of doing and that's kind of the thing
that gets lost in our minds is
everything seems so impossible so out of
this world but I'm telling you right now
that everything I have at one point was
impossible to me absolutely impossible a
beautiful family kids a baby on the way
my career that is still to me just a
dream that I'm living now I'm always
afraid like I still freaked out that
maybe I'm going to wake up I get to pick
up my camera and I get to talk to you
guys and it's really a dream come true
the fact that I told my teachers that
one day I was going to make videos for a
living and when I was when I was in high
school YouTube didn't exist YouTube
didn't exist for five years after I
graduated for me to tell my teachers I
was going to make videos for a living
was so stupid like they just couldn't
understand it even looking back I'm like
what was I talking about I just knew
this somehow I was going to make videos
whether I was going to make money at it
or not I was going to do it my dad
always told me he's to do what you love
the money will come and that's what I
did I did YouTube for years before I
made any money I actually lost money for
two years whatever it is you want to do
you're going to do it you can do it but
you've got to get up and do it you got
to make that jump you gotta jump for
those that don't jump stay right where
they're at it's yours for the taking the
world is your stage just just start
that's the best place just start if you
take anything absolutely anything from
my blogs just remember if I can do it
you for sure can do it I mean you guys
whoo you guys
dude it's old oh there it is what you're
talking about what you talking about
last thing I want to say on that topic
is don't be afraid to fail sometimes I
feel like we as people need to fail you
have to fail fail Ian and the only way
we learn how not to do things especially
career-wise I feel so many times before
I found any success at all but that's
exactly how I got to where I am was all
to fail so embrace the fails I know that
sounds crazy nobody wants to fail but
that failure teaches you more than you
can ever learn you have to fail no book
can teach you what that failure can
teach you so I promise you don't be
afraid of it just get after it live it
sleep it eat it fail try again fail try
again fail try again and just keep going
you tell me when you're ready okay I'm
locked and loaded
we're plant person even though I have
nerve darts which is playing pretend we
discontinued today yeah cuz I'll blow
him in half it looks like you're gonna
shoot and that's how I can show you I
think I think we're both out of lies
we're going to end it right there guys
thanks for hanging out with us today
very laid-back comfortable Sunday going
to finish our night out goofing off on
the vibe going over foods that we can
actually eat which is a list about this
but you ever seen that picture online
it's like this is a list of people I
trust and it's like this tiny little
paper that's pretty much the list of
foods that we can eat I don't want to go
like crazy with this stuff but it's like
I want to just get to where I start
feeling better
and then once I start feeling better I
think it'll be easier to eat different
things but for now it's like really just
trying to restart this thing that's old
 so this whole this old truck I love
you guys so much thanks for hanging out
thanks for having fun with us thanks for
the support on yesterday's vlog because
YouTube was like down forever if you
weren't able to watch it you didn't see
it please head over check it out I did a
little roast myself I roasted myself a
little bit and it's fun to laugh at
yourself sometimes we'll see you
tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile mwah
