welcome welcome to the vlog guys today
is absolutely insane it is what time is
it 352 p.m. and instead if you watched
yesterday's vlog I did meanings Britney
took the vlog Cain took the vlog today I
just decided to start the vlog after all
those meetings would just be fresh we
could be together we could hang out how
you doing nice baby
oh my gosh I know hey baby what's up my
man I missed you all day so technically
we're just meeting actually for the
first time today as well I left this
morning knocked it all out got it done
so now we can just hang out chill on the
vlog hang out as a family I can breathe
again
I'm not kidding all day I'm like I need
to start blogging I need to sort of like
when time is passing and I'm like
sitting in these meetings I all I can
think about is the vlog it's so hard to
focus or what I'm actually need to be
doing over here on like crap I should be
vlogging I'm a blonde in there blondie
blondies you got sunshine finally
there's a chrome man on top of chrome
man's head on the chrome stick what are
you getting through yeah why not oh my
gosh I love it how much hand bought oh
thank you thank you yeah these are view
thanks baby
oh your cigarette out mommy I've been
buying flowers
that's a deal those big box companies
aren't even open yet no no oh my gosh
you ready to go yeah let's do it
don't forget our flowers and you see all
these stars these are famous people they
get their own star in the ground in
Charlton Charlton Heston I think he's
from Planet he ate the original are you
sorry
you see some puppies because we are
going to go see a friend that we haven't
seen forever and things Brittany we have
oh there they are
they're excited what is out what is at
wanting to do is food dude you're a Hulk
your giant you have to make all the
dollars we do it Oh how you been brother
I mean good man's working on myself
staying happy Milan war yes trying you
look beautiful dan you look beautiful
Mary Jane was dying to see the puppies
too so we stopped over catch up hang out
with these guys came these are the
perfect size dollars for you honestly
put them in your pocket taking Bishan
yeah I want to say one thing and I want
to say to Brittany I don't know if you
know this okay before you were pregnant
before anything the enrollment or on
tour and without even telling romance I
announced him a vlog yeah I'm graduated
him that he was having a baby girl and
the title was he's having a baby girl
which by the way I still get screenshots
from my god he's holding that insane so
I don't get happy because the universe
lit up by then like a month before I
think I even found out I was pregnant I
went I did a baby shower for my friend
that's having a girl and then thumbnail
was guess who's having a girl it wasn't
even pregnant yet
Wow here I get you dude yeah you imagine
came with two dogs with us did you make
a new best friend
case you've never been decided well I
told arcane that we come to your pup's
and he like lit up like a firecracker
happy this how they go Baba yeah I'll
sit oh they're excited no weddings but
with a boat get in imagine a flash out
of mango I got each stove in a LACMA
light black black my lit black okay
we're going to head out we're taking the
pub's we're going like cane burns and
energy evening cooped up this week so
we're just going to go hang out relax a
little bit at the Black Tide I think
we've been that we have been there in
the vlogs before you probably seen it in
other people's videos too whoa right
she's going to walk on wait you don't
get to walk dogs have you ever have you
ever walked adult is where we lived dogs
just they run free they go anywhere they
want in LA like everybody has dogs we
have to you know pick up the poop you
got it's a it's a bigger responsibility
here to have a dog go hey where are we
come on where are we just don't let go
of him okay okay let's walk come over
here take him out in the field
forgive our dog walker
that is harmony right there dude also la
it is funny really lifestyle I get a
little dog on a little leash and then I
got to pick up the poo poo
teen and dollar are having a blast
run run run oh how come you don't want
to run oh there you go
Gucci end you're cheating you started
different oho get you know okay so you
get this more and go back you got this
morning you're back
hahahaha do you are fast
oh all this kids fast mama wow it's fast
this is what we need right here have a
some running kicking some pushing this
will be the first time in my life I've
ordered chicken wings and the guy said
they're not hot but it's also the only
time they came in a bola holokinetic
I've ordered a hot wings that don't come
in a bowl of jalapenos these should be
interesting Rezac one little buy it it's
pretty one
I mean yeah leftover - five leftovers
I'd like to dispose off some mac and
cheese some pizza and a food blog for a
while no over here you would say food
blog are you too cold use your hands how
you suck
Sam you think you're going to finish
that all right I was hoping you'd say
that bang somebody does all those things
where it's not even it's me but it's
like the love of food you just want to
eat yeah if you just want I get it out
the wings you're good by the way if you
ever come here the wings you give you
know what rock made my decision we're
not going back to a while and we look at
a part we got to fly everything out here
Kane we're moving you want to move here
yeah look at that how much you gotta
help you out dudes I know I know you're
looking at I'm just going to help you
out here you know I just I'm not going
to touch it and around I wasn't going to
potential offer there you go I might
help you out that's why I'm saying
you offered Kane I'm eating your pizza
all the way up okay ready one two three
go go bastard Oh like a bow dude come on
good all the way up
you got a touch you gonna touch oh you
beat me look at this place I don't know
no no
Jurassic Park in there I mean you can
look over here look at this that's cool
Ron can you just you gotta go go go go
saying goodbye to another beautiful
sunny day in Los Angeles I you know
every time I'm here I actually remember
how I just forget how nice it is here
every day and when you live in Ohio and
you really appreciate the sunshine so
we've enjoyed these couple days it's
been awesome seeing you my friend you
leaving me already
no we can't we can do whatever I'm just
saying like it's been good to see it
follow it in life give me some likes but
I do want to say that you know I have a
lot of people in LA there's a lot of
people but when you guys come down and I
hang out with you guys it is a breath of
fresh air so you guys bring a different
vibe in a different energy so just know
it's appreciated now my bra so kind of
friendship oh we love you dude I'm
supposed to bring the rain
all right before we call it uses got a
place it's so frog yeah it's a ice cream
or yogurt frozen yogurt came on sigh
screams women vote here hey baby
you see it's owned out come here come
here you know some gummy bears you don't
all right my man what did you get look
at mom oh my gosh this brownie and
cherry M&M guys thanks so much for being
up so unbelievably unbelievabl on this
trip we have it's been a lot of business
a lot of off-camera crap and sometimes
I'm like maybe I should just bring you
guys along on what it's actually like
when I go to these meetings these things
we call meetings off-camera things but
when I don't take you thank you for
being so patient and just being here
every day regardless of what we're doing
I freaking love you and we're just so
lucky and blessed to have every single
one of you so thank you so much we are
headed back to the apartment I have like
wicked stomachache I didn't need a
single bite of that delicious looking
ice cream or yogurt or whatever it is
all I know is the moon is out which
means when I get home telescope's coming
out I'm so excited
good what's the odds the days that I get
telescope no moon there's no moon it's
true there was no moon visible it's a
new moon or whatever it's called you
can't see the moon but it's out oh she's
out we are we're back in the hotel guys
thanks for hanging out with us I have
been straight-up struggling with the
stomach problem I have been in the best
pretty much it's been bad I thought it
was maybe coffee but I haven't had
coffee today tried like a little bit I
don't know anyways I love you guys thank
you so much
we'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for hanging out you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
