st. give me a weird day overall it's
already starting strange we're in the
strangest hotel this thing closes it
looks like it would just be a wall like
yeah
do it do it post Mead boom and then Kane
and I was a bit and there's one here too
but that's a TV there's a TV inside that
mirror bathroom living room all in one
if you watch yesterday's board we have
traveled to Los Angeles we're here for a
couple thing today's a little rough on
me because I have to go into some
meaning of Britney and Kane are going to
do a little vlogging for you look at
this camera what what goes that's a
little better Britney and Kane actually
we're going to take off a little bit
together and then I have to just go to a
couple quick days and we'll be back
together but until then Red Rock little
buddy r2d2 Stan he's not going what is
that watermelon
it is so daggone beautiful and Los
Angeles is not a cloud in the sky LA oh
we never disappointed we all came
outside we all came outside the hotel
all in sweatshirts and hoodies and
they're like no oh my gosh the trees
thank you thank you
nobody you will notice we are grabbing a
rental car believe me oh so I was gonna
shut you in there go grab us a rental
car I don't know options options ahsha
no Britney already pre-planned this I
don't know what she got what you wanted
a white one hi we've got us CEOs it's
cool if I go and finish what we have
baby version of what we haven't get back
there boy what's the plan because I have
to take you back to the hotel and then
we're
no work Noah's Ark whoa that's pretty
cool right stand up look out there like
a bird ha ha I'm not gonna lie if you've
been with the vlogs for a while we used
to live out here for a short amount of
time and the weather just makes it so
many good memories you've is it don't
you look at it with those down
sunglasses on palm trees whoo I'm still
on our business mindset about LA I like
coming to LA for work and going back
home to Ohio Britney enjoyed living here
like you too I think you could have
stayed yeah yeah I think it was not only
like the like a life is a life we had
you went to work during the day
oh you like me leaving for the day and
then came the game is good at a
grocery store and cook dinner there just
like a different lifestyle yeah now I'm
all up in your face all day bitch oh we
made it
Ellie driving though crazy huh it was
did mommy drive a little crazy yeah I
think you have to sometimes on you're in
LA I passed it and then like we just
kept going way downhill way downhill so
then I had to turn around and come back
up the hill I think is what Camus on
about but thanks for coming with those
guys we are at this is like a museum but
they have this thing here called nose
arc and I've I've wanted to take came
here since when we lived here and we
never came so today is the day are you
excited yeah I know Roman wanted you
guys and we leave one camera today no
idea why he didn't bring two but I know
he wanted to be with you guys today and
vlog but he has to get some work done
business stuff done some more obviously
not doing that so we're going to go have
fun and bring you guys with us
huh yep it's so pretty out here huh
there's like a little garden area oh
it's so nice and gorgeous today I just
love this leather this is super cute
okay that's what we're here for this is
cool look out these windows cane got a
pretty nice view huh so we kind of got a
little intro all the animal here are
made out of recycled parts but this our
keys
isn't that cool taco Noah's Ark is
thought of all the things to do here
we're sitting and building blocks like a
little stuck got it
kay mommy's gonna try and go up here on
this side and meet came there is there's
a little ramp here mommy king it up
Oh how's that it's like our little
Clubhouse this place is super cool
are you having fun are you sending my
foot down let's see I got a lemon so I
also do some ol banana blastin you sent
me is mom this is what we need in our
house
send the kid in the kid came upstairs in
a corn house it's a specific pull the
light and see if you turn the light off
oh oh wait it's a trap door what's in
there Oh what's going on here all the
recycled corn and trap door see what
this string does in here and this one
it's just like it's like a little bed
what's in there is there anything in
there
look I don't know if you guys can see it
can you see it can you see a thing wrong
it can't see forward no it's the storm
of Noah's Ark so it's best to be like
the storm room it's not really permanent
sounds like it here you heard it here
look make the lightning just make it
make the lightning came to make it
lightning right now you gotta do it
really fast
oh go go go go there you go that's super
cool oh here you're gonna pop some water
in there
there you go you got it that's leaves
this is here making wind
pump some water in here and see how high
the boat goes
well you made it rain
you know and I'll send them up into the
boat uh-oh
cane loss is reka well we lost our dress
population are you putting all the
animals on the boat okay get them up
there just kidding they don't want to
get on the boat okay so that was a lot
of thought and a lot of fun with you
canes new place we've never gone before
which is always cool so Roman has been
meeting in Santa Monica so I'm going to
pick him up take him to his meeting Kane
and I are going to Panero which is
Kane's like favorite place right now
just because of the mac and cheese see I
figured instead of having room and Colin
who girls like I'm not far away I'll
just come pick you up and take you and
can you iron on to lunch anyway so yeah
are you ready for lunch I am temporarily
that good thing we're not driving on
that side of the road look at that
friggin traffic any time of the day it
is ridiculous I guess it's just because
we're from Ohio we don't deal with this
kind of stuff but let me see if I can
get a shot traffic oh yeah let me know
it's not it's only humans packed in the
one at sardine can of here cheese
that's the best timing after the capture
of traffic on camera
anyway um Britney picking up what's
worked out perfect as I was about to get
a car and go to Santa Monica area for my
next meeting I apologize guys that I'm
not on here all day but um give it up
for Brett for taking over this vlog
today it's a Brit blog Christmas vlogs
coming soon to a theater near you I
thought we're going to Panera for lunch
because Kane is
yeah mommy and keen are gonna take the
camera again and I'll be back and we'll
be one we're literally just going to go
eat yeah it shouldn't take long I should
be in here for like an hour
hopefully not more than that and then
we'll be rocking out all together for
the rest of the vlog and yeah that's it
so I gotta go I love you goodbye I love
the history because oh it doesn't mean
okay we got to feed our meter how do you
feed them gonna put money in them is too
good hot this is literally the reason we
come here so nice quiet listen okay so
Brahmins meeting is taking a little
longer than we thought
so we just got done eating and we're
gonna head back to the hotel and hang
out for a little bit maybe mommy might
get a nap
all right guys we have finally reunited
together we are headed over to my bunny
Adams where actually I don't know what
we're doing there exactly what we're
going to hang out we're going to meet up
with him and then I'll get lunch lunch
brunch or what it was my um I had a very
good meet up everything went really
really well really fun stuff just
business stuff nothing exciting really
at the moment but things that could turn
into something bigger down the road
which most of what I do is all like
hurry up and wait you get there and
anyway
anyone know what I'm talking about we're
gonna go to Adams and just hang out for
a little bit and just continue this long
oh wow y'all gettin warping over to
Adams really cool house he's got like do
you got to put in the fire for the
slides yeah glad we got to my viral
flood
hey welcome back guys hey that's me
again Adam again what I've only been out
what does he like he's like come figure
out my downstairs nothing to see here
just you know gold and platinum records
from his van the thing so whoo yeah they
got who remembers in sync was in see it
was back street noise everywhere cover
bad government of government has it
gotta be another noise man I'm told I
know so Adam is on entire playroom match
box playing and dude so look at this who
knows what this is probably if you know
what your bandage I don't know this is
the act act it's a gold original how did
you get that that's a cuz like what's
that mean when we receive that award it
means you get like a gold is half a
million so ha back in the day we sold to
happening that that was right when they
all came out then we got this later this
is a 10 million award it's very special
in the million but listen we still 25
we've done over this so the thing is
that when you get this award this is a
diamond award see this whole thing is a
diamond in there we it's a real Charlie
nothing I got a diamond play button when
I hit 10 million oh so that's what next
what diamond is 10 million I didn't know
I read it 10 million that's really
awesome
ten million dude look at you with
hair and this is my favorite thing ever
this is we saw that Madison Square
Garden whoo and that's where I grew up
so it's like it was like I got emotional
dying sound check I got like a little
cure with him that I would do and I just
blossom I would maybe saw up the
bathroom there now I'm going to do
something on the camera for you
Kane come and join me up here complete
the area so here's the deal if you've
never been in the Haunted Mansion oh
this is literally in his house in my
house this is my pride and joy of what I
built
you should see to scare yourself every
night if you're going through you ready
of your honor on a nerve you know first
of all there's a little decal here what
you want to because we're in this very
dark I don't good lighting on the
vampire
yeah well sleep upside down I don't need
saengil from ICM I'm a vampire that so
this is the haunted production room oh
whoa and it's like it this is sick what
see I need cool rooms in my house like
this I mean it's demented it's a little
demented like my kids right now it's
getting it's not the man I loved it's
like Victorian it's not it's not
supposed to be creepy create its its ex
Rockstar yeah officers might drive enjoy
a little it's my design stuff right here
it is so weird to me that at some point
I would drive home every day
salmon's Road like it just feels weird I
would leave the office and just cruise
down cruise on to you guys similarly we
go break ham Oh giving you nut job
walls we rode that bowl back here that
restaurant anyway we're headed back guys
thanks for bearing with us on these
business days we will get back into it
actually tomorrow a half business have
free day we're going to be some fun
stuff some soup traveling some cooler
stuffs fun
well guys it's time to go we have to say
goodbye now and I'm gonna eat game while
we sleep ah ah whoa we are going to say
goodbye for the day thank you so so very
much for hanging out with mainly Britain
team today I love you so much thanks for
being a part of everything we do and why
we were able to make a video for you
today because honestly to help RIT I
want to read one today so thumbs up for
her thank you we'll have some fun
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind smile
you
