I'm gonna try back foot then you gotta
go front foot but you got to hold the
camera that's the hard part honey okay
you just take it a little more air in
you land on your feet got a boom whoa
that's cool you might need to take a
break you might be tired little man try
it no it's super good front flips in
fact I cannot do a front flip I can only
do backless he can only do front flips
not back foot so much try to spot him
and teach him head back I need up to do
this you pretty much did it yeah so
compared to the teen temperature 16
degrees 15 degrees 60 feels like
summertime so we're out here living it
up those gonna say it when you live in
the state of Ohio oh come on in let's
talk let's talk kind of love when you
live in a state like this you have so
much bad weather that we truly
appreciate when it gets signed when it
gets nice you just go out and you live
life oh it's so clean I know guys we are
doing something today that's absolutely
getting a little bit insane kind of not
really it's good Brooke but bad Hey put
it on wait here's the thing and I'm
trying to help how do I explain that how
to explain this we've done this before
we've done this in the past but today I
want to challenge you guys to join us
maybe make it easier on everybody if we
do it together we work as a team to get
through I've done this before I made it
ten days we're going to try to cut out
sugar no sugar here's the problem just
about everything I love has sugar in it
now we get up fruits we can uproot has
natural sugar and it has fibers that
breaks down the sugars it has everything
you need in a fruit but well the good
stuff has sugar in it snacks and chips
and pop-tarts and poppers mmm oh yeah
everybody loves draw and glue basically
it does have sugar in it it just doesn't
taste good and sweet and makes your
mouth pucker and makes your mouth water
he's gotta go oh my geez can't we like
wean it out like slowly like you know
it's no addictive that it's just like
any other girl you can't like Queen off
cocaine it is crazy that we watch those
movies out there basics of sugar is
addictive as cocaine I don't want to get
into that stuff here's the point that
we're getting into is that it's just a
nice change and we need to get on some
type of I just feel like crap all the
time I have no energy I've no life yeah
I'm a roller coaster Hey that means no
brownies right no you guys look like
when the movers show up at your house
and they take away all your stuff cause
you didn't pay your bills that's what it
looks like right now I don't want to get
too crazy on this topic as I know it
sounds a little crazy but last time we
did this I think I did it off camera and
I will say this I made it ten days the
greatest I've ever felt in my life and
sugar is so powerful that I still even
though I felt so good I still chose more
sugar but if anybody wants to join us on
this let's just try to do it for like 48
hours no added sugars out 30 days Roman
will see this one he's editing and he's
probably even going to get them or has
already tried to go with for them that
I'm getting rid of his salt and vinegar
chips he eats them like every single
night maybe we can make our own salt and
vinegar chips using potatoes salt and
vinegar hmm oh she did there's nothing
left she took it all out
wrote it all the way down you know she
gave it away you know what you give me
Wow I just mush look how much I spent on
groceries yesterday we I spent our
groceries I can't use a rotary so now
I'm going back to go super yeah how
about that how about kill it
thing we do diseases are a lot of middle
name should be ridiculous Hey yeah you
better enjoy though should get ready
strip the whole house up finish the
brownies pursue the never throwing what
you mean wait I'm getting beg is it
conscious Louis yeah part of getting it
just saying boy you're in a space
shuttle did mama Oh wonderful mama and
let me and duck and duck back here sit
on the yes sitting hanging out you're
saying out there gonna go in ghosts or
Inuyasha
she's Janice and website functions and
meals for some luckily she made chili
right nut chiller yeah this is always
the easiest thing to say we're starting
tomorrow so come on honey not we'll just
start tomorrow
now we're gonna do this is this the
chili all right boys all the girls are
gone it's time to play oh so breaking
bone contest who can break the most
bones Oh what yeah
oh I I haven't been out shopping since
finding out it's a girl so oh my we
might be in trouble
okay so rather than die were looking at
bed I'm actually Chris online yesterday
and this is the one we actually picked
out we're just going to order it with
like the little bow and flowers it turns
into a toddler bed and a full bed so
we'll be able to keep it for a long time
all they have a little dresser that
matches
super cute super girly I'm so excited so
girly
are you as excited to be in the girl
sessions yeah and actually like oh I
could buy this and are maybe you would
wear it they have a lot of girl things
I'm so not used to this oh my gosh look
at this sharks and pizza I found I found
a couple that's it let's go get me out
of the store get a hostess place rainy
now oh man
Roman bed the whole know sugar starts
tomorrow right I say we go get some
pizza my last meal what I love GU
yong-su I mean it feels so much better
guys though cut out sugar I know I'm
going to feel so much better
somehow I always seem to find myself in
this poison all oh my gosh feel this
feel that shirt
someone get me out of here is happy
rainy out but we are on our way home to
get up on very tired yeah I think I warm
out a little bit okay this persons
getting pulled over another person right
beside me I didn't know that cop was
there and my little round back heart
again the third Lane and I'm not pretty
sure when he picked this white
something's pulling me over so I just
slowed lay down and you kept going to
the car that was beside me and I'm just
like oh well well well what do we have
here
you know you didn't guys to link to see
girl stuff to me like I've had two boys
and I've been around my brother's boys
all we have is boys a little rookie the
Atlas family a little out with girl
running around with it what's with the
tiny little legs look at that because
new blue funk mmm nobody do that legs
are only like you know what it is you
got tons of room for that packing diaper
yeah pretty much all baby doesn't sleep
and poop like 460 shirts a little hairy
that's cute I like that I like these oh
I hate ruffles I'm not a ruffle guy but
like ruffles on the butt
my ruffle silken another feeling that
you're never going to be able to resist
anything like you're gonna see all those
cute oh it was like a curse there was
this like little shark and Pete's outfit
and I didn't my like there was a ton of
things that shark in pieces
well yep that's a what I didn't even
burrow my into anything anytime we had
saw the boys department like this big
and then the girls like half the source
there's so much to get little girls
absolutely there's always get little
girl things but now is the first time I
could actually buy anything super weird
but super weird to think about anymore
brain-busters for me I came in here I
was like oh you got peanuts that was
good a menthol unsalted okay even though
I found peanut butter that's just
peanuts and salt we're gonna make our
own peanut butter that sounds fun
ladies dogs men I got the life they run
they poop they get muddy and they sleep
it's your whole day at the end of the
day he's not much we should have called
a mud ball we should have caught him mud
ball mud but no mine thank you for
hanging out with us again here at the
house just doing what we do is
absolutely amazing that anybody is even
watching to this point in the video if
you are thank you so much I probably
said this a thousand times and these
vlogs and that is I always feel like I
have to do crazy things I always feel
like we got to go out we got it we got
to do citing things but the truth is
like just being home and doing things
with my kids and Brittney and the dog
was really my life and so when we're not
doing those crazy exciting things thanks
for hanging out and just being part of
our actual family in our actual day we
love you you are beautiful stay positive
keep pushing forward don't let the
negative weigh you down you can do it
you can push through it
all of that run love you guys should
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
