hey guys welcome to the vlog today let
me explain to them you ever woke up I
know you will not before you wake up
with just no motivation Adam like it's
nice out you feel good you just don't
want to do anything I can't be alone
here I cannot be the only one here that
happened to me today that's not normal
for me usually I'm ready to go today I
woke up to the sound of a donkey in my
back door PR D like I'm saying it sounds
like Jurassic Park in my backyard I
don't know like I woke up with no energy
but then I got a call that kind of
lifted me up put a smile on my face now
I look like let's go let's start today
going to pick up my window beacon of my
boy looks like you got a new spot you
got it yeah
sup dude hey you get a new place hang up
I got the pin you drop so perfect ah
upgrade from your last place looks like
you a lot more like food and stuff D and
you got plenty of water showers baths
everything nice
Hey absolutely beautiful day just got my
boy Noah here's a fun fact for you guys
are fans of twenty one pilots
heavydirtysoul music video was filmed
right here on this street he's goofy
with explosion one yeah at the end of
the video I guess for you this is where
his drums were set up and you can still
see where the fire was because he was
right by them trees you'll see those
trees from the video and then it must
have the explosion by here so if you're
fans of those guys not this road is just
a quick short road but this is where
you'll see that bridge in the video and
the guardrails just got a cool
we take this road all the time what's up
dude good to see man if you weren't out
huh
donkeys wearing you out hey hey howdy do
Hey hey bud hi baby
look what I got where's Noah I couldn't
make it
you knew what what's going on oh this is
cool the clothes work look at that
it doesn't shut it's good I had me do it
before that should've called it so my
main goal today is get that box outside
of my garage into this house today which
means I need my brother my dad some
friends it's a lot it weighs a lot but
look what I got today if it's what I
think it is this is cool okay this is uh
this is something you guys are familiar
with but I just play with when I was a
kid I found them on eBay I'm really
excited for these are micro machines
dude these are the original I played
with these song mod this is like a
serious collection of Micro Machines
these two have like I remember tanks and
that limo yeah cane this is the one that
I'd like a little more lights on the
ticket why don't we back in the stores
they're so fun for kids at least I
remember them being fun come on have
like 1994 on which that makes sense I'd
have been 11 when that one yeah I think
Ferb around what is that a gold one come
see you know I remember a going on she
get it all Barry together ready
Oh bingo right guys let's get down to
business I don't got no time to play
around what is this must be a circus in
town let's shut this place down on these
clowns
hey are you just worn out or what flash
you're like tired Oh
yesterday I got a box in the mail
something I've been waiting on for
months and months it finally came I told
you yesterday that probably I was going
to be more excited than anybody else is
kind of like a meeting so I know a lot
of you are gonna like it but a lot of
you
who gives a rip I'm going to try to get
that in the house tonight that's like my
goal to do that we're going to need some
hands we're going to need to I have oh I
actually have Forks for this guy that
come in and pick this up and take it to
the door
anyways so much most you can probably
guess what it is but even if you're
guessing what it is you don't know what
it is you know help me out you can be my
controller heck yeah okay first thing we
got to do when you pull this out I've
never used the fork chef so we're going
to take this bucket off put the forks on
hook the hotdog up and push you through
the yard cool no response I want to pull
you with the hotdog you want to do it up
on in Renton all right go ahead and back
out go and back it out I think you
actually good I don't think he would
need me at all to actually get out of
rush come on baby
this works legit cool watch watch the
bucket up there keep your eye on that
bucket quad head in right there this
tool our bucket roof
we got melt then now we're going to come
over here and grab these fork which I've
never used yet some reason I just knew
we would use them we would need these
today's be perfect day for two reasons
click this fence out in let's just take
it out we don't need it why a big rule
of this house when I operate this
nobody's to come outside unless I
physically seen them like they have to
warn me so candy to with me the dogs
this thing has a pretty awesome camera
in the back I can always see what's
behind me but everyone knows like it's
very serious when we drive this out I
don't mess around like even the dog
doesn't like the dog outside and now we
have a donkey outside so the first thing
we're going to do because I'm having
people come over for multiple reasons
we're going to move with this box in the
house and then we're going to have a
nice bonfire BBQ with mom dad brother
family Carl and maybe a couple other
people just nice hang outside so I'm
gonna get all these old pallets from
smile more and we're going to catch them
on fire right there you know what also
have a flame thrower
protection just taking the car whenever
now yeah I mean I one day we're going to
take these fellows don't get everything
ready
brick bring that good food back
Oh
oh actually pretty awesome that we have
all this just for bonfires these are
pilots things that come in merchandise
things that we order in you know a time
a ton but that's a lot these forks are
too wide for that pallet so so these
things have these ah basically have
these levers you pull up and you screw
them over but they are wicked hard I've
been doing it off camera I'm I got a
breath dude which doesn't take much but
still pauses for a minute we're going to
eat mom and dad in here just is here we
got some fam coming in man and watch
yesterday we got a new grill we uh I
love it I love it I love it
kids are going crazy tine each other
that's probably safe don't put it on
your neck Kane never ever see here's the
thing and I can just I can sense it
we've all just eaten a ton of food we're
all comfortable hanging out I don't know
if anybody really wants to try to move
this box I got a giant box he's married
I told him what was in the box
I don't know nobody knows it's a mystery
it's what we does up in my backyard
what's in the box so unless I can
motivate some people I mean everyone's
having a lot of fun here I feel bad I
feel bad even asked Zane you playing
pinball I feel bad even asking anybody
itself right now it's a project it's a
project we're going to do both your guns
hey we're going to need you girls to put
your muscles on Brit I know you're
pregnant but you're gonna have to lift
heavy lifting 250 Zane we're going to
need you too buddy
we need everyone we got here we go we
are going to walk out and attempt this
day okay probably do this on its own
why are you being such a wimp about this
we can do it we can I ever said we can't
do it I've been nothing but supportive
we do you think so oh that's pretty
heavy
we should probably empty it first go
move easier if we open this box it's
just a cubic on tree there's most of the
sick games playing with us
I'm expected Friday night I work my
booth you know
I got the hard piece done this thing
will move it all the way to the house
right now when you buy these things they
offer the in-house delivery option dude
you're my aunt out every that's you you
guys want to know what it is it's a
stand-up washer and dryer dude so nice
little hot water tank huh a Roman robot
they know I'm not gonna do that
no I'm not gonna do that not know what
yeah I know I know I got it
what's in the hole I won those clear
domes where you got to catch the money
it's like a tornado that's it
tore Casper got it I light you got it I
demand dad I got a prefect gamblin step
Hey
if that starts to fall back that run and
jump through my Forks are not long
enough for this step we got to come all
the way up here and then drop it
but you think you're just gonna pop that
open and just unscrew it yeah you know
what it's problem is he didn't wear his
suit yeah man
yes handyman food don't make me put mine
on don't worry guys I got it might help
do you really need a rail on your porch
I mean my kids are grown up no girl we
can just block this part when she comes
I think you put slide yeah what's the
new movie that just came out there that
the two people chris pratt and happiness
patch it's going to look like that
remember how does having more total
yokels mortals just trying to remember
love you too job in life oh so nice
that's all you need look and now it's a
ladder
Haley ladders bring it in hey Brittany
that's your man right there running that
you're good
start coming down
even up flatten flatten next-step pallet
jack wheeling it to the back door and
then somehow getting it off my pallet
into the house
tails your duty it's the triple B I'm on
it I'm getting a debating right now
it's triple burden I'm pretty sure it's
painting look how quick it's taller than
our doorway so it's got to come off the
pallet it's actually bolted to the
pallet which means we have to unwrap it
plug it in undo the bolt yeah so I'm
gonna be here all night
no you're gonna be here all night about
me what it is I promise it's cooler than
your anything even if you know what this
is at this point you've never seen one
you've never seen that oh maybe I some
of you have that's that's the seat that
you sit on when you when you all didn't
want to stand a toilet yeah now that
it's a submarine lady single person
submarine way is where this bitter
towards that fit me there 50 Cal shells
did oh my gosh they are that's for his
oh there we go not the sandwich there we
go mr. Allen open it
there's big meat dehydrator for Disney's
jerky in the smoker today like one mmm
there now there's about a three
centimeters there this is right you've
got look how much room not even a finger
down it's good oh my gosh look at that
yeah I got it I got it how many eyes
listen Kate oh she then finally got it
they did everything they did everything
do it
I was a kid I do a good job acting like
Nicole standing up stuck in there oh my
got it buddy okay we think that dude is
it crazy
mumbling like oh that's for ice cream
cone dude it's a baby ride ah I can't
wait to do that your kids oh my god well
you did it I'm really happy for you
everything is uh friendly on space
platform dah dah dah
it is a custom gun space with a Auto
rotator yeah boom that's it Oh headed so
I kind of pre warned everybody that
maybe I was more excited than you guys
would be or anybody else that hadn't
ever seen a gun safe like this when it's
loaded up and you guys even asked me to
do a actually gun collection video this
is going to be part of that and we're
going to go through everything so you
know hand guns up here rifles long
rifles where they've got a custom area
just for my Barrett which is right here
in this slot is a custom cut for my
Barrett and the fry pops are just kind
of a gag but it is maybe they could live
in there
we really a special cut through this
mess in there
that's it look it looks like a face oh
there you have it the very beginning of
it what belongs in here guys
whoa I love that the diamonds make this
face I'm going to keep that in there hey
there you go you got it up in you want
to take a ride hold you put your hands
on the bar okay there you go just keep
spinning really fast
just get him that is amazing dude I'm so
happy she did I love you be honest have
you ever seen a gun safe like this
dude's like it's their gun face and then
there's this I think this is just like
the key all right so what my little man
has been waiting on all night patiently
is cooking some marshmallow looks a
little burn on camera but I like it a
little fried up my cameras went to fire
gross little marshmallows doing a little
s'mores we got the Hershey's we got the
honey graham hung graham crackers ah you
can't show them that put the head back
on I missed the first bite dude how is
it
yeah for sure Oh baby that's the good
stuff sort of noise out here
the B jet engine alright guys we have to
rebuild this house put the Porsche back
into that tomorrow happen like this
place is here ass dude it's not that bad
oh you rolled kept at night you guys did
a good job thank you guys so much for
hanging out today tell me what you think
of the safe and whether I should or
shouldn't do my gun collection I think
would be cool you think everyone would
like it yeah everybody would so tell me
what you think tell me about to say I
can't wait to like get it filled up I'll
promise I'll show you guys I love you
thank you for everything you see you
tomorrow beautiful is one of a kind keep
your head up
