yeah money flies hey I'll be back all
right
little hooligans be good I got something
fun coming something I've been playing
for a while
I'm gonna show you I'm gonna go get it
alright hang in there hey guys welcome
to the void guys back he's feeling so
much better today so we're gonna finally
go pick up something that's come in and
I just haven't had a chance to go get it
hang up what's up bud gonna be camera
shut his tongue sticking out look
alright so providing our first of all
what's up Ryan we've been waiting on
this item I'm gonna tell you what it is
this crazy winch like they use it for
like snowboarding wakeboarding anything
you want to pull across a long distance
it's got a throttle it's got it is
amazing we're super excited to get it
obviously it's something that I wanted
in the winter time but it took about two
months about tomorrow it's been over a
month we ordered this thing a long time
ago they had to custom build it and like
but we've been waiting a long time so we
missed the snow maybe it'll snow again
but we've got mud and the pond is the
dog now it's very cold but we got to
test this thing out like we can't open
it today not test it you got at least
try make sure everything's good
yeah and when I say we I mean you and
you got a helmet so we're good I hope
you're having a great day Brittany and
Cora are sleep in the kids plan on the
trampoline and we're kind of just
getting started work we're dodging rain
right now if the rain hits it's gonna
mess up our plans if the rain doesn't
hit maybe we'll have some fun today with
this thing if not either way we got some
big plans with this it's gonna be fun
it's gonna it's it's probably not good
on my back but we got it we gotta test
this thing up so you're saying if it
rains I don't have to go in the pond I
mean if you're gonna get wet go to your
wet
sangmi fun like doing it in the rain I
mean electronics and engines
that stopped us before this don't really
look like a jam and pickup spot dude are
you sure yeah you're a hundred percent
ain't nobody that is empty
dude look yeah I don't know dude oh yeah
the back of the building that's probably
even even more cool no way dude yeah
there's a truck running around back here
alright we found a do we get our winch
never been so excited to get a winch
yeah it is kind of a weird place to pick
up but we're getting it they are
bringing it out to us in it look at this
weather man like it looks so like it
should be storm but it's not it's like
360 I'm just genuinely excited to be
feeling a little better you can probably
see it my attitude my personality it
just feels better like I'm excited to
make fun content I'm excited to just be
vlogging without pain like I've been
hiding it hiding it until we get back
hook you across the pond I am dude I've
been hiding it from you guys like I
don't I like I try to act like it
doesn't hurt and like it's so much
better like I'm excited it's it's still
there but it's not anything to learn
about it's it's it's done ah I'm so
excited
here we go now let's hope we have
everything for it to go you know what I
mean like watch we don't have a part
that's negative I think everything but
the motor oh my yeah that was extra if
you don't know what a full inch is um
this is really really cool like I mean I
hope so I've never owned one I've never
even used one so I've only seen them on
videos
there goes my back don't know but this
thing's amazing it's got a throttle it's
got disc brakes like this thing is great
yeah brakes yeah that way when you're
halfway over the pond I get the brake
pain snaps getting back to that blurry
camera get back to the house guys we're
gonna rip this thing open I'm actually
sorry I'm excited to see this thing yo
this looks amazing
oh this is gonna be so fun I just pull
this out what's up hey hey you still in
the same spot see if the family's up I
think I'm here oh yeah
hey you let me out all right that's it
no games for a month it's raining it's
rent oh my gosh it's think that's funny
no just let me sit in the rain oh I
missed you guys too baby girl hi Cora
we got the winch core you ready you got
are you ready
oh she nibbles on our vision it's like
really it's cuz that tooth yeah she got
a tooth coming in though take out the
trash
what's up dude rocking it out hug you
know getting your chores done
nice nice keep it up keep it up flash
you getting your chores done you wash
your feet wash your feet all right who's
going across the pond Caine UN you ready
for the pond job 2018 then you swim
if you don't swim you sing you only have
one option swim no I got a better option
for you summertime come get the camera
come get the care she comes she's taking
you guys goodbye
it's her vlogs now have fun I'll see you
guys another day peace okay not gonna
come back
I get Oh muddy dog on the floor hey
wanna back
Cora Cora Cora she's got a drawl right
on it
there you go turn it in mommy here you
go
it's all you oh boy all right I think
you're making everyone sick I think
you're making everyone sick say goodbye
for now
say good blury for now so you're just
gonna take no you won't get mati
I got I got this new toy over here we've
been waiting on and it's really rainy
it's really muddy but it could be really
fun
and since my back isn't fixed I kind of
need some some test subjects I mean this
is safe this is safe I'll see you soon
yo let's go see let's go see the what
like the temperature of the water yeah
this looks great that's all vinegar the
whole Brittany loves us as it good night
right you got away yeah he didn't it is
almost swim season baby couple more
months
don't be swim season for country today
oh man this is gonna be so fun how are
we looking
I must say 45 what's I say 49 48 47 46
that's 45 degrees dude that's a good
guess no today's just a great example of
like girls what the girls are doing and
what the boys are doing Brett all right
locking them out like
alright first things first we gotta test
the strength of this thing will it pull
on concrete that rope is so little my
thought is if you don't pull on concrete
it'll pull you just about anywhere
that's a lot I don't know man that's a
lot of resistance a slow straight row
man you said we're gonna play in the mud
you just say we won't play on concrete
what we need to test it I figured you're
you're pretty good and hunk of ham
you're not gonna fall I promise you
won't fall but this is a lot to pull so
I'm gonna see if it'll pull you up so
here's how this thing works it has a
rope connected to this unit right here
we hooked it to the back of the quad so
we can take it anywhere we want country
holds the ski pole I have the throttles
basically I'm in charge of you right now
all right
test number one fire in the hole here we
go this is pretty awesome all right you
ready
all right pulls on concrete test number
one it pulls a lot of weight on very
friction surface right so like that was
like the maximum it's really made for
snow and water so I'll pull you on
concrete but now we need to test speed
we already know it'll pull now we need
speed test how we can test number two
speed it could not be so we don't even
need a pond dude look at this in the
water I couldn't tell at all where I was
it stopped I'm liking the tube streaming
like sink I'm yelling go and the engines
too loud I just like oh oh and there's a
hill back here so I keep seeming goes
across the fawning goes under well you
might as well hit the ramp now man work
my plan this is off you won an award
alright tip number three we've got the
speed we've got the pole now it's off
the dock across the pond keep in mind
the pond is very cold so Brian really
took one for the team there chase
actually just showed up as well with a
camera so we just missed such funny
footage guys I'm so sorry hopefully we
can we can make up for it right now but
here's the plan we're gonna pull
directly off the drop in across the pond
you ready dude
yeah i mean i legit was crying i was
filming on my instagram so i kind of
lost that moment but i was laughing so
hard i was crying at that little standup
i didn't even know you did makes you
lean really hard back cuz you're gonna
hit these rocks he was like gonna play
it by ear you guys been watching the
channel you know we built like a really
nice jump out here and we've taken
everything country ramped a street bike
off of it we've we've done all kinds of
things off of it but Ryan's thinking he
can take the tube off of it and then go
across the pond I'm saying he's gotta
bail off of it so here's the jump here's
our lip it's it's lost its size from all
the rain but it's still got a really
nice lip on it and then you just go
flying
when he when he would up the lip when he
released the raft was like shoo like a
rock gun Wow
yo be careful with that baby that's a
real baby welcome to mud land muddling
speaking my baby girl
this girl's two of them hey Cora what
these crazy dudes doing I don't know if
I'm ready for this I think I'm just
gonna stay a baby I know how to jump so
yeah there's really no good way for this
one to go because no matter what for him
to hit the jump right with more speed he
has to come directly into this area
which is just a solid row of rock so he
has to jump off before he gets to this
wall he's got to get in the water no
matter what that's called that's perfect
my goal is to stay on that's the goal
like to stay on and ride it but is that
gonna truly have finished in the air
Ruhlman after that speech you gave me
saying that if I do this I could jump
that white Jeep and go find your other
shoe dude look at him look at him dude
mr. captain pathetic yo that was just
genuinely a bunch of great laughs like I
haven't belly laugh for a while like
that dude chase was completely unmovable
in the mud dude I was literally stuck I
had to go look my knees I had a camera
one hand I'm like I got nothing to hold
myself I just drop the knees when you
hold a camera you can't use your hands
camera comes first we're always like
whatever happens camera comes mercy he
did it that was my camera so you really
did the right thing and you know I was
on the quad most of the time so wait
till we get just dry what I don't feel
anything me wet to like summer this
could be like two months of water
definitely excited about this purchase
guys like I said we ordered this over a
month ago and we had just been waiting
on it we want to do a lot of snow stuff
with it but maybe this is gonna end up
being even more fun just with the water
and I have some other great ideas for it
if you have anything you'd like us to
like us to do with this please leave it
in the comment tweet me however you want
to get ahold of me um this thing can do
a lot of fun stuff so let us know what
I'll flash you missed all the mud I mean
the fun I love you if I good thing your
Paul's be nasty oh well you don't want
to get muddy cuz he knows a kick ok we
are back inside I'm all cleaned out what
a muddy muddy muddy mess hoorah
hi now you want it now you want it oh
boy just coming in she's coming in hot
easy girl
you're hitting them in the face oh
correct
Cora Atwood vlogs there they're getting
better is she starting to be easy on her
okay core the first thing I'll do is
make an intro okay so this could be your
intro and just start out like this then
you could you could crawl to camera yeah
and then you could just hit the lens
core out would vlogs where you go you
did it you shot your intro cuz you got
it bloggers you shot at first intro and
she's really got this drag technique
where she just is yeah you just you
dragon you dragon you see you want it
but she just she jumps up on her knees
and she does everything but when she
wants to move she's just like I'll just
drive okay so our can I trow lives and
shoes I'm not kidding he just lays in
piles of look at he doesn't even look
good like it looks like something where
you'd find a sick cat but that's where
he lives all the time I'll start a
collection I'll just start showing you
guys where he sleeps he probably loved
it if you just put all the shizzle
spaghetti Yeti spaghetti my mommy made
spaghetti for us tonight which is uh
no cheese all right you say goodbye with
me hey hey goodbye she's feeding baby
she's being quorum and and she's really
the superhero I'm impressed too thank
you guys so much for watching today we
will see you tomorrow
got a big beautiful smile on your face
you are awesome you're one of a kind and
you're beautiful
you
