okay let me let me let me explain to the
viewers what's happening right now okay
welcome to the vlog guys we are in the
middle of a lost bet and this time it's
not you you didn't lose the bet what
happened what happened what's that
no when Patriots will lose against the
Tennessee Titans and what happened and
patrons won
so you get to keep your beard why did
you get back your beard you know what I
thought that confident you know what New
Year and I said you know what I'm gonna
do it but Julian what do you have to do
I have to get a mohawk you have to shave
your head shave like size in my head and
get a mohawk completely my hair's really
long I've been growing it out it's
longer the bronze that's the agreement
was I get to cut the hair but I wanted
no one Barbara Barbara no - Barbara -
who's cutting the hair whose company to
cut the hair and you choose this mohawk
don't have to be directly in the middle
it could be off to the west side huh
what about what about what about double
Hawks like twin Hawks just shave the
middle
all tire tracks we can do it with the
flamethrower cleaner are you got the
Clippers let's just start this let's
just start this out what you got oh
that's gonna take a while that's gonna
take a while
okay so we're start with a haircut
that's you lost the bed you guys just
stop making bet I don't like that all
right so we're starting today out here
smile more everybody's working what are
you doing are you ready to do this hair
crafty you're doing it no you want you
to do it I'm not being responsible
I can cut hair you guys know I've done a
lot of Mohawks that's right yeah you
guys figured it out you're doing
everything these all hats going out all
hat orders whoo good sir a second stack
thank you you guys are killing it we
really have to I think you guys have
actually requested a full blog in smile
more for one day and I got to show you
guys what it's like when when the trucks
pull up to load up this is after a
pickups already happened today this is
this is what's growing now but you guys
maybe you guys just grab a picture when
they get here of that so 2,000 orders
went out this morning yeah and that's
another thousand and you remember when
we would just take tubs to the mail
ourselves yeah and we thought that was
we thought that was the max and it's so
crazy
wowsie oh my gosh I just sort of like
choking thank you guys so much for the
support here at smile more it is
unbelievable I'm joking dude are you
ready for this haircut get it over with
that's all right we just got here it
looks great but supposed to be cut hair
right now we got a new the new attack oh
man that's a light bar dude that's gonna
light up the whole sky so you got a
rotator switch like beep-beep-beep you
can make it go up and down that looks
great it looks amazing
it just needs wire right it looks some
dude it makes that really that should
have been on there from the beginning
wait so there's no there's no beard
involved Mohawk does
straight out of all the way yeah dude
all the way up that's not no I think
we're just gonna do the hand finish that
is ready sit down don't say a word but
you want to show them what happened last
time I got a feel like s it honest it
yeah can I shave your eyebrows oh yeah
anything nothing to shave easy easy are
you trying to get all frisky we all
write our names in it I just keep it
like that where do you start and stop
with the sideburns has this were country
I can't believe if he won you had to
shave again just leaving like that
strips strips actually it's kind of cool
I just keep oh yeah you look like a
soccer players style passion amazing I
think you got going on so you can write
your name could be hot food hot babe yo
what up is hot fade in the house about
to drop some buck draw Sbarro's for good
what you trying
weird
ah dude let me see let me see you look
top dude I think you totally rock it are
you happy with it
you look bummed like I mean it's not
yeah he's like hey I made you a new man
but like we should just add a little
touch to it what do you think we should
do you know maybe supposed to color make
it a different color basically exactly
why I don't make bets around here you
know like just torture and everyone that
works here
torture torture torture man pretty soon
you know even your bets go bad he looks
better than he did that's what you get
after your haircut we just go driftin
y'all hit Brian it Ryan yeah do we need
more speed we need more speed yo your
bumpers dragon there's four people in
there you actually had me going dude I
was like maybe the bumper is gone but
Julian got today it's Julian's day he
got a new haircut
he got a new truck dude good man
yeah so the trucks former there's a spot
in the back you will hop on yeah it's
nice out there get that number to break
got new truck in its how to hit me yeah
that's all made up do it
so I got pelted with no rocks yeah
that's good no I think you hit okay this
is that bunny rabbit foot pedal all
right jump time we're doing the jump
double it I said 30 we'll do it that'll
do all right guys so I've been thing in
the comments it's snowy it's winter and
you guys have not used the flamethrowers
at all you haven't used them so today as
the Sun sets a little bit we're gonna
set up a little scene
we're basically to stack some pallets
we're gonna put a GoPro in the pallets
and then we're gonna bust the x3 oh I
don't tell you everything I just don't
want to tell you everything we're gonna
do but we're gonna we're gonna rig
everything up right now I'm gonna go
check on everybody and then as the Sun
sets we're gonna try to do this stop
with the x3 and the flame throw it
sounds like a really good idea right now
you guys were right look at all this
snow we should have by now done this
we're gonna lose our snow at like two
more days left what's up just kind of
check on you we got some fresh pallets
we're gonna put up we're gonna Center
them up out here so we can do circles
around them flash should be pretty cool
shot something I like to do is just some
cool video for you guys this will be one
example of that hopefully we'll be able
to get some dhrona 360s in the x3 with a
flamethrower hitting a bunch of pallets
on fire like to me that sound sounds
cool
maybe the flash thinks this is cool so
we all have versa flash what is it what
is it get it get it get it yes perfect
fill er up she hasn't been used for a
while it's all dusty and uh I don't know
hopefully it's charged you actually have
to charge this one and I never charged
it since I got it so we're using
whatever it has hopefully has juice last
time we uses when Julian came to town
that's true this really is Julian's day
pump bump bump bump yo man I'm looking
for a ride oh I'll give you a ride trust
I'm doing a good dude all right I think
you take me to location yeah let's roll
okay so we are hopeful we're gonna head
out trying to get this shot right now
JC's got drone in the air that's wrong
what's that I'll do I'll take mine just
well done well done dog
yeah thanks brother your own hands in
the winter your own hands
I got vlog Han right now I didn't have a
glove on oh I hate snowy buns so that
was two tanks in this you don't get a
whole lot out of it but um it's we had a
GoPro in here so hopefully that's
survive just fine
that should be a whole shot hopefully
country you got your doggies done yeah
they opened a bunch of frozen you need
to warm up the bunt stick the buns on
the stick heat them up we're on survival
mode right now
straight winter filming cooking droning
are you landing in the garage you know
we're blessed with the beautiful sunset
tonight on the snow is just it's just so
nice guys you know what you keep saying
it's cold I think it's beautiful man and
we're gonna miss it when it's gone just
saying this thing in the snow is just
another level of fun uh after this it's
it's mud season so I'm sure it's gonna
be fun in the mud Brian I can't wait to
get this bar hooked up man
hey it looks good don't it it's gonna be
amazing it's gonna be so nice it really
puts the final touch on this guy okay so
you guys know dawn he was the older
gentleman at the place when we had this
raft and we were talking about what are
we gonna call what are we gonna call
this thing like what's the name for this
cart and he he hit me today and said I
got your name all right you guys tell me
feel like it's actually like a lot he
said it's the app mobile especially with
the shenanigans it's getting into the
app mobile so much you guys thinking the
cones I love that name in fact I think
that could be
yeah thank you you want some ketchup I
guess you got to you got to I'm on a
mask on a real note the name the app
mobile that mobile I love it it's like
the Batmobile without wood at mobile
cries you're Julian yelling the app
mobile and look at this organization
you're killing it girls oh my god okay
so we are out we're coming in warming up
I'm gonna - I know what I'm talking
about right now and again we gotta do
our push-ups today you and me knock out
23 push-ups today I believe it's 23 yeah
how's my little my little kitties my
little girls my little ladies Oh daddy's
good at that I can keep her awake one
party
she's blazed like why don't they make
adult sized things like this like it's
basically like a hammocks what we get
but imagine like big vibrating rocking
beds why not you having sleep problems
you need a vibrating rocking bed you
started it
you've started oh I just once blah well
if you're filming for me I'll do it
right now with flash you guys know how
that goes you undo some push-ups ready
doing do similar chips so the good news
is I caught Kane on a date he hasn't
done his push-ups yes so he's gonna do
them with us no you gonna go with me
flash it's mine no it's fine you ready
buddy guys 23 today you gotta do them
with us do what you can if you can't do
23 do what you can
look at this kid didn't wait
that's a that's a that's a cheetah look
at look outside a news flash
all right hey you won't go outside you
come in wait more strength they'll pop
back
in more yeah that's a lot better than
bring that bring that arm in a little
bit more okay
all right guys do what you can here we
go let's get motivated let's get
stronger
let's get better here we go catch up 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
19 20 21 good keen I cannot believe
you've done that money he's doing great
man I don't think mommy could do that
Minnie oh it was getting harder good job
buggy hope you guys did what you can
give you a little energy a little boost
for the day just makes you feel a little
better you know like you're really doing
something all right now film you 23
girls 23 let's go let's go 93 push up
you doing the real ones are the what are
inchworms
yeah you crawl down oh that looks
painful
okay so you're slowly you're slowly
crawling across the floor that looks
hard game you're already out of breath
gain once a try you crawl hey that's
good he's like I just did a bunch if
you're new here we add one push up a day
we started it just ten and now we're at
23 today that we've just completed and
then tomorrow's 24 25 and so on I saw a
lot of you are like hey I'm not even
push-ups but I'm doing squats and I'm
adding one squat a day or I'm doing
situps or you guys are just adding one
of something that you can do it could be
a curl it could be one arm curl
what am I looking at the cat came you
left your dinner on your computer I
wouldn't be able to look at myself
either anyway sorry tux is gonna add one
one more dinner tomorrow he's gotta eat
two dinners
tomorrow you lay against the wall with
the wall and let them hang and if you do
that every day gravity will gradually
pull your legs down to your abs splits
you're gonna need two splits so whether
it's an arm curl a leg push just add one
a day something to motivate all of us do
a little something extra that we
wouldn't do we just normally wouldn't do
it and doing the splits I mean you'd
further than I can go this is me all the
way all the way out all the way up dirty
I am dirtball what do you see in this
fine you can have her so we are gonna
call it a day right there guys thanks
for hanging out with us today thanks for
being a part of what we do our family
our goofiness our fun our everything we
do you're here so thank you for that we
love you we thank you for helping us
keep the street going jeez I think
you're gonna jump I got it on camera
Veronica we love you guys you ready can
you end it with me
come here are you gonna poke in you got
your own original twist we will see you
tomorrow
you are beautiful you got one of a kind
smile my little bug
you
