hey guys welcome to the vlog
welcome back hope you are having a
wonderful day hope you're feeling good
and I hope you're ready to set aside any
problems you might be having for the
next 10 15 maybe 20 minutes I don't know
again that they started with our RFC
table track that is really falling apart
Kane's going to reconstruct it remove
the dirt put it in the bucket
basically the clay has just dried up and
turned into I mean it looks very good
look at that
I told Kane earlier I said what if we
tarp it fill it with water and have a
boat trap like a little RC boat ride you
like that idea better yeah you get it I
especially think he's had more fun
tearing apart the track than actually
playing on the tracks this may be the
highlight of the whole thing right here
hey flash welcome back
you know donkeys gonna yell at you for
coming in look he's already looking for
you flash look Empire oh no he wants you
he wants to play hey what up dude you
looking for flowers
oh hey boy what's up jealous flash why
you get so jealous everybody loves you
clash is gonna come with me let's see if
don't get yells at him gain there's a
donkey in our driveway dude a young fun
with this dude this is fun did everybody
like sir I like you're like planning the
reason I didn't make a carpet truck
which probably would have lasted longer
it's just fun or like I want to play in
dirt I want to build with dirt I want to
take apart dirt and destroy dirt I
didn't take long for flash came back out
with Empire you guys crack me up get
them get them the butter nice the best
thing we got really dig it out
whoa you in there huh we need a
jackhammer if only this was chocolate
fudge peanut butter fudge mmm maybe good
one bucket full dude how many buckets
did I bring in here can you remember I
wonder if it's going to be more or less
old geez Rach come on a bar oh dude it
is absolutely beautiful out guys can't
talk crap about Ohio right now till
they're back up oh my gosh it's exactly
exactly - like literally against each
piece look okay I keep going
oh he okay guys for real something very
exciting I've been waiting for
absolutely months for this is finally
arriving right now it's pulling up a lot
of you guys might like this a lot of you
could care less it's just something I'm
really excited about so it's pulling up
I'm going to show you what it is here it
comes
dude this must be strapped there is no
strap but looks like there used to be
I am friggin excited about this guys I
got to present this so I can't just show
you and I gotta like present this is a
big deal for me so I want to like do it
just write a phone call like fun I was
already been on the phone calls so much
today without being it on the block
without putting in the book it's so
tricky to vlog and do business it's
crazy crazy where'd you come from I
appeared I guess are you getting
packages oh yeah how many I got a lot I
got one
no I got over 500 500
oh my gosh we told you guys her birthday
was coming up she opened a peel box we
stand birthday cards thank you so much
so you're going to be reading forever
hi
then I sit down and read everyone I've
got so far are you gonna reply to any I
might pressures on pressures on I can
give you a second small much less if you
put them mm blows yeah okay my box came
my shipment has arrived
Oh what is that anyone there get our
project humming my book King don't even
new here
the big box like I said I'm really
excited about this that's right the ball
comes in half what's in the big box
what's in the big box
for Mama you say it's six thousand hair
combs for you
hey uncle oh yeah oh don't ask I get all
these great with Roman and Brittany now
Noah and Kane they ought to be glad
you're there grandma course we're glad
he did me just as long as it's for
comedy you get away with anything right
but second I can say anything in just a
picture not a prank bro said you ought
to be in there it belongs more you're
not in as much in used to be I said
dunno what do you mean well one point
four cameras on now that you see you see
fun Rummel no and I were fighting for
Kamaka yeah how about I just give you a
camera you void for a whole day could
you do it
see see you don't want to put in the
work but you want the camera time biking
painting a club right now do you want me
to do now off to some meetings and I'm
going to do my phone calls while I Drive
to kind of cut in time out I am running
downtown to do a couple things that has
to be done kinda off-camera some things
I'm working on I'm always working on
something
Britany and his mom are going out we're
having dinner tonight with Carl and the
team is going to help us a whole bunch
of other stuff so they're going to go
out take a camera hopefully eliminate
obliviate alleviate show you guys what
they're doing cause I'm going to pass it
on to Britt and then I'll be back
what's going on in here ah we kind of
opened a thing and it went poof okay so
my mom and I are going to get a grill
then grill
I got room and I think one of his
birthdays probably three years ago it
just doesn't work it like on fire every
time you use it so literally everything
you cook is like charred or like really
gross so yeah we are going to get a new
grill today and protected mom all you
need a new grill
nerado heat a grill yeah
hey are you guys here to help me buy oh
he's going up the ramp in fire you found
this blog I think this is the one minute
see if they'll let us have this it seems
very simple it's like push start on off
medium high-low method simple is easier
score we got the floor model and we got
the one I wanted they're literally just
going to load it up now and we're gonna
take it home it's not easy compared
literally just came to my door hey buddy
I'm back come here
we'll go for a ride hi flashy hi hey
Joshy uh-huh and just like that we're
back guys weird
footage so I'm basically the whole thing
is weird
like she did good give her some bumper
filling and when I just have weird crap
if she's always there to be like y'all
to help out so thumbs up for her I'm
heading home we're gonna have dinner
with Carl Tam the baby it should be just
a nice fun hangout the laid back in
Dutch in real life try my best to still
real for you guys I know a lot of you
really really enjoy that it just feels
more authentic when I'm not trying to
entertain you as much there's a lot of
me that love yes I love to entertain you
with big parties like oh um what am I
going to do today to just make them
happy you know so try it harder to do
both and the last few days of business
or life actually what we're doing so
thank you for being a part of that let's
all and I want to go pee in some box I
got set though instead of a place I can
still small
superheavy I need like a crew of people
to bring it here this is the funniest
thing are you kidding me yeah you better
walk away he was standing in the middle
of this job a dude he wouldn't move he's
turnin like a dog like where he comes to
he waits for you like another bitch
do you see what I have told me today
literally he came to my door when I
pulled the fish really jolly quested oh
sweet
that looks wait it was pre-built I meant
a floor model oh that's perfect
you know what to build it we're painting
more pathetic out with the old in with
the new
that doesn't ramp it up fun is it heavy
uh it's only like six seven hundred
pounds so I got this all right it's the
first grill of the season the grill
works which is awesome did we go I got
the chicken all gonna put some fresh
steaks on boom I never blog with my left
hand it feels so weird to be holding my
hair cane you want to vlog for me there
you go take that for me you do queue the
vlog that reflect here yeah you going oh
you didn't make it your guys's a smaller
bag is my Benson um
it's from cane instead I didn't ask fun
in the smile more store you ready yeah
okay so on my way home tonight I I've
walked you guys about I'm a popsicle
forever by the way this thing's amazing
I talked to you guys about trying to
vlog my real life like I'm trying better
to blog what actually is happening and I
just skipped almost everything calm
town's already gone we really just talk
saying talk so about such a lot and then
we talk what yeah they got jokes on them
what did oh I got to eat the whole
obstacle to see it why did the inches
obey the yardstick you feel like not
telling
you you read it he was their ruler Oh
eat that eat that eat it he's gonna fall
dude what did the hamburgers name their
daughter patty get it ain't no get a
hamburger patty I don't know okay so
here's what I'm saying to you guys be
careful with mom and she's got a little
human in her belly buddy
we love you guys thanks for hanging out
today so sorry about the did I even get
to open the box today I got to find a
crew to bring it in we love you guys so
so much thank you for everything thanks
for hanging out on the boring days thank
you for everything we will see you
tomorrow try to get back on track we're
uploading pretty steady and that's it
let's see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind mom are you crazy
you
