welcome to the vlog guys just kidding
check that out look at that boom just
certain I'm locked out
I'm locked out I locked myself out what
he's told it and we are on we're at
Carl's place check this out we did a
whole bunch of shooting today and
filming it's really echo-y look at this
green room everybody's eating right now
so guys we're doing the shot we're
basically amen
we're doing this shot where I'm going to
climb in this claw machine they're going
to attempt to actually grab things off
my head with the actual cloth so I'm
going to be in here sitting here and in
this coil going to grab things off our
new office is going to have a big claw
machine that like goes around like you
can bite you imagine this a qualm
machine in a parking lot that actually
picks up cars like the biggest claw
machine ever like you get a bunch of
those broken-down cars you actually go
okay would you call that Clark Hall Park
ballpark you go to a Clark you put these
cars and you go you pay how much would
you think they think well I think it's a
donation thing like you could donate
your car and return you get to play the
game have that ha ha so nobody'd stay
busy imagine walking up as a kid seeing
all these cool toys we going to creating
in a big hall machine it would be so fun
right bugs if I was gonna strap anything
to my car be this rocket launcher wait
and like you I up I'm not too high up I
think Nasik here you go let me help if
you're claustrophobic this would be a
bad you got to get me out in here we go
he's gonna try putting in the quarters
right now this is ridiculous Oh
guys like please I think
that was close
it's not the cloth twice the controller
to help it your fans rig look is
everything okay as always this is weird
and random in my daily life here oh
honey you're home in time because I
promise right the last three days I've
been talking to you guys about going to
get some I'm very excited about and I'm
trying to get there in time to go get
this thing in the falster today I don't
know what this thing is but we need one
look at those wheels English hey goose
what's up this with everybody at yeah
tell him to come out huh they in here
don't hey dude what do you got ice cream
whoa hey I'm is flash miss me oh my gosh
dog hi hi great to just spend all my
time with you want to get home so after
a lot of thinking you guys know I think
a llama I'm pretty practical guy and you
know we're having another baby I think
it's just logical at this point that we
need more space we need more room on me
this isn't about me we made a decision
guys and it's fun you guys ready yeah
sure they already know I think they
already know they're here to pick you up
hop on hop on the 50/50 we're doing it
oh this is awesome this is so legit and
you oh my god what if I actually rode
this bus back in the day like how is
this boss so perfect everything got an
air horn
something a boat there's a stop sign in
your classroom
Oh see it's a complicated inside right
there that was it down
oh now feeling worse you pick up the
kids so our man here is hooking up up
with the school bus guys and I not mind
not getting this bus to destroy guys
this is for something way different and
way bigger bigger picture bigger picture
here we're going to take this bus and do
something wild with it crazy with it
yeah you like them a lot
um you know just depends they don't like
that to my high fly sighs really
how is that near the back so much bumpy
on the back of a bus front action nice
but yeah I get that cool you had a thing
for the bus driver huh uh-huh
what'd you do it we need what I'm like
what can't you do with the school bus
think about it I just just go ahead and
hit me in the comments what would you do
as a school bus I have already won a
huge idea what it is
everything our life you have that
business alright guys so I'm not kidding
I'm not joking about this the bus is
ours we own the bus now he is he's
hooking out letting us store on the bus
because we're not ready to take it home
and we're doing it's not like a big
project with it's going to be amazing
it's not we're not going to destroy the
bus
I mean maybe at the very end of its life
it will be destroyed but for now that's
not the goal bring him back up here
running back up here we are course we're
on FaceTime with no one we keep dropping
them off the balcony onto the couch okay
but you gotta you gotta make sure he
hits the couch here no uh say hi to the
vlog okay ready
you gonna drop him make sure he hits the
couch flash is gonna eat them yeah yeah
yeah see ya I'll go good okay go you
know I know I know we're crazy not
normal humans
mainly me how was your landing Russell
panting what
all right so what is it is it pink camo
hippie yeah yeah my girl oh okay so we
worked over Dale's house oh yeah we had
dinner and then I fell asleep on the
couch but you had that hot ass tell mom
and dad are back in town
he wraps around him so he's got a little
flaky oh so the funny has a blankie my
little one good she got mad daddy
I mean am I really ready for a groom the
only girl in the family I cannot imagine
how much oh stop
well now you know what yeah my brother
went and bought a treadmill and then he
custom painted it completely like the
flash oh yeah crazy man
you galloping dude you galloping like a
horse are just let slip old safety thing
on seems like I'll just hang on
how does hang on you're not getting up
you're going nowhere we are gonna
basically rearranged a living room he
got a new projector that's are they
going to do this full wall and then
maybe we're going to watch your family
go watch a movie has a family oh that's
a movie screen did my cane fling the
bird back swing the bird back at it grab
it closer get your hand right on it I go
now let go
let go oh that's pretty cool
have you both pull it back it'll go
further both of you I'm moving I'm
moving into in the movie mode movie
position second everything was going so
good talking I do think that's full
bottle water and we're back home and
we're ready to party
sorry lash did you eat them cupcake so
did you eat them cupcake all that is the
guiltiest face I've ever seen
did you eat them who put the USB cord on
the ceiling fan
where is there's a USB port up there
literally been thrown up on to pan okay
flash wakes up goes into the cupcake
zone funny how long those cupcakes have
been there and he just decided to get a
little aunty you know look away don't do
it flash yeah
where's this I like his dude up just
kicked it down see it oh this is like I
need it on this action this is coming
anything Babli what you got what you got
look at him being all like suspicious
which you got flashes just killing it
right now killing the cupcake no round
just turned around he's innocent
oh this year I go
you're an Assessors and you took the
heat you took the heat for EM oh good
voices unbelievable
you know spoilers that's been sitting
there for since you get they don't know
how you reached and yeah since you
already got he got it dang it as bad
there wasn't anyway guys that is that's
gonna do it for a vlog today up at
slobber a lot when I blog sometimes no
we are gonna call it a day I don't even
know what I filmed this when I fell
asleep for maybe five minutes you think
20 yeah well I want to vlog there I go
speech yeah you fall asleep you take a
nap it makes you feel like it's a whole
day and go it's like it's like another
day I don't know it's weird
thank you guys for hanging out with us
today whatever we filmed I'm excited
about the school bus if you want to give
me some ideas I have one that you're
going to never been done I almost feel
100% that it's never been done up maybe
everything seems like it's been done but
I really truly believe this haven't we
love you guys
thanks again for this furious support it
is it's surreal it's unbelievable and we
just can't imagine where we're at right
now without you guys like such a huge
part of our life so thank you for that
thank you for everything we love you
you're one of a kind smile more
you
