welcome to the vlog guys today I have
another meeting in New Jersey I'm
bringing my brothers nail with me and we
are not we're just taking off we're kind
of running late now so is Tony is
picking us up which makes traveling a
lot easier right when we are I saw so if
you guys watch maybe two weeks ago we
were in Las Vegas for the SHOT Show we
found the company that sent us it's a
watch that reads and detects radiation
so today we're going to find out if
today we detect radiation while flying
on an airplane I think that's pretty
cool I've never seen I've never even
heard of that but I have heard there's
radiation we fly a blood oh it's going
to be weird like wine in a microwave
it's going to detect gamma which is what
we're going to get up in the guide it
will detect the microwave or will it I
don't know I all right out is it really
go ahead say it will detect x-rays oh
right like out cranked out behind us I
don't know what that means to you or us
but it will be cool to see if we detect
radiation it is a little old brick
building right there that's the original
Columbus Airport that's it you know if
you came and find the jet I don't think
you deserve to ride in the job in my
name a place I've been back in fourth
China spikenard place they're all
waiting on us a group go bad and it
starts bad this is so bad if I have 150
we're going to pull up last people there
this is inter left is it for sure this
is our left we made it I'm sure
everybody's waiting on us we're here
again last week I flew on my very first
private jet and it's funny because we
have to fly commercial in just a couple
weeks yeah this will be Dale's first
ever private jet and it's just like next
dude it's just the next level
I don't even know how to explain it
what's it let me get into a gram minute
that woodsman's rattlin I can't ask the
private jet oh my god yeah okay you got
a new one man it's nice bumpin up behind
where you run up and you you Lodge
yourself in the wheel
ooh
so how we're up in the air way up well
so here's the ones the MPM Washington up
and it is reading that we're detecting
radiation at all strips are called micro
certain species are that Island probably
know so we are reading two point eight
seven five negative and it's radiation
and the other day I'm gonna have to look
it up so I will sign this to the watch a
little better I'm going to find out when
I land what does mean what we're reading
two point eight seven five I'm going to
I'm going to feel like an idiot shoulda
brought a light blanket to cover the
watch so here we are two point eight
seven five so what does that mean what
does that make me fly injure you're in
great work for detecting radiation will
explain the radiation belt the higher
you go for the radiate what does it mean
what does it mean yes what does it mean
what's the one for radiation oh I'm okay
we're all we're talking we gotta be
waiting you have more hair before we own
cut I'm going to look more into this
with that the point is is that they make
a lobster detects radiation now I want
to get me Jerry shot up and then me the
watch I think it's amazing what you
actually like the what I like
just like that we are in New Jersey or
New York I'm not sure exactly where
we're at here would you think dude it
was amazing we're definitely underground
so once again like really out was really
out with okay so we are safely here and
we're about to bounce into some probably
to you guys very boring meeting I'm
going to jump to Brittany and Ohio she's
going to take over for a few minutes and
then we'll be that we back in lien New
Jersey I mean you're wearing with
Brendan New Jersey New Jersey I like
that New Jersey hey guys this is Romans
in a meeting today I said I would try
and pick up the camera a little bit I
got the girls you're helping me
we are trying to change your room around
because I think I'm going to put the
baby's bed in our room I mean no room in
there right now
and I do something with Romans ammo
crate yeah yeah I think I need an
interior designer to help me like match
and hang curtains that aren't broken and
there's nothing here so it's nice and
bright in here in the morning we mapped
Veronica I know sisters let me just tell
you this is going to drive Roman crazy
because the beds not Center towards the
window
oh you guys are on this is our closet
door I literally just pushed it open and
it fell against this wall I don't think
it'll close always put a hole in the
wall yeah I'm having a couple girls over
I'm heading like Jess and a few of the
girls that work in a store or my sister
or my cousin they're going to come over
and we're doing our nails tonight so
we're going to do this really fun get
order pizza and I got snacks and some of
the kids are going to come over so the
kids will play well we do our nails and
they drink some wine so Roman just
texted me said he's on his way home
which I was like oh my gosh
so all PR job with our meetings we are
headed home back to Kelowna it's so
amazing with claims like this because
you can leave Gopher couplers and just
come right back home it's like having a
car driving story coming back it's so
convenient
in fact when are you getting one so that
I can borrow it all the time I'm going
to pitch it before you go by the back
will pay for the toilet and you know I
can probably pay for this door the
closet I said I got clean Adam can you
sing these songs yes tell y'all right
what's up what's the number-one song
you're most known for oh we have like
man
oh yeah a versa Casey I can't believe
that people and then hold on oh my
country
thank you
we are 11 so I slip our ecosystem you
got like 1 million records money go buy
play time for housing food count this
morning 25 for assessment her job is as
I say tomato jam gentlemen box playing
aha
man not he would be Rotech yeah Mexico
started some profession increases almost
animal doesn't think reform scary scary
bastard Allah and when three is near
zero minor
works or books or something and was 3552
understand I'm pretty big American just
like that we're back home and so fast
it's just so fuck I gotta make a lot
more money he used to that by at night
so you may have noticed that plane was
different than the plane we flew on last
week and it's still ponies that's
because Dale and I it's our plane dude
we got one we got it sold it to us look
at that I think Tony is going to take it
for now though and he's probably going
to keep it for a while yeah but it's
kind of a layaway program yes like a
project it is a $20 each per week 22
years and moaning I don't know how a
petal - I don't know what I just said
but so once you do the math on whatever
I just said look at the garage doors we
have a plane in there they'll family get
mine
it just goes straight there and I
promise right now we're done with
meeting 12 in a while I owe you guys a
little fun time a little crazy time a
little family laughs all good things all
great things coming a lot of coming out
of what we're doing right now and what
does I want to bring you in every
detailing like I know for a fact and
they'll get boring so trying to move on
good answers the top of the drum shows
good kind of social engine car my god I
know letters cuz I made only he can pull
up basically it says a CT scan on the
head is equal to about two MSP which was
shown on the watch and I want to be
yours Washington 225 some slugs so we
were higher than a CT scan at the head
level we're trying to learn about
radiation right now and I don't
understand it very much so much in the
dental x-rays been completely one a
chest x-ray is plate one a mammogram is
point four so we were pretty hot that
feels like a lot the others we give it
to you again if it's ten thousand
Billy's here for Milli fever is we never
really portico on microstrip agra servos
millie service through if you get ten
thousand in a single dose fatalism seat
1,000 will cause radiation sickness is
o'clock sadhya low white blood somehow
but not ate a lot plus is there a party
is there a party here
wow you guys having a part of your life
they thought together the guys literally
for for eight hours and you guys are Wow
what's go oh yeah you wanna do it okay
here you need my phone oh my gosh faster
faster
let's ticket you want out boy
are you how you can worn out you have a
rough day
the house is cleared out and I am about
to do something everyone want to do and
actually took a picture of how minis
months ago a couple months ago and that
is order the pink converse shoes for our
baby girl I just I I posted a tweet of
these like months ago I was like if it's
a girl that's all I said everybody
thought I said it's a girl but I put if
it's a girl I'm getting these so we're
ordering them right now as Oh literally
fit her for a couple months but she's
obviously not in support I know I don't
care I just want I just want a lot I
don't know I just love it um well we
change the room round I know our bedroom
totally different now i'm bambigirl out
the dust collector this is what you
sitar today you gonna sleep with that
ball in your mouth
look at yo if and only if you've watched
his channel very long times and you know
we have to put on drops and cream and
deuces eyeballs he has he has a disease
called pennis and it's pretty common in
German Shepherds Ashley and he got it so
he requires drops and cream and advise
all the time
but he's good about it yeah yeah yeah
ready
oh good boy
what is this guy do you man up fire amid
a fire what is it is it a fire an air
air washer hey or what it sounds like oh
what's that movie where they like just
bottle air and anything in a bottle put
water on yeah I think that means nothing
it's a specific it must be the washer
their washer their what the hood this is
like what is that get the box it says
there's never going to be any desk or in
the house again you're going to tell you
what this said goodbye filters goodbye
cold bacteria
goodbye dust allergens goodbye pollen
allergens good bye concentration
problems
it's just I'm already thinking better
goodbye headaches someone headaches
Pross that's good nice hello clean
nursery air it actually actually has
that well we'll see if I wake up with a
headache in the morning girl well like I
got a bloody nose last week and I was
like it was too dry in here you get sort
of thrown oh what's fun to knit you a
thing I don't think it's from that that
is that's going to do it for today now
the thing that I've been trying to get
over the last two three maybe four days
maybe it's been weeks I'm finally
getting tomorrow so finally going to
happen it is not going to fall through I
have I have a such faith in this it's
going to happen time that big idiotic
side you'll be excited I promise I'm not
excited I'm not excited you will be no
you will be you would absolutely love
you guys man yesterday's vlog you guys
just exploded with love announcing that
we were having a baby girl and I just
still can't get over it's going to take
me a few days to really settle in that
we're having a girl
look trauma justices have done other
than that thank you so much for coming
with me today I know it was one more
meeting we're gonna we're going to put
that stuff aside for a little bit and
focus back on
from entertaining family stuff we love
you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind oh mama
you
