I don't know how to start this vlog I
don't even know what to say welcome to
the vlog guys today is the day we find
out what it's all yourself here's the
day on the truth guys we spent a lot of
time trying to figure out how we do this
crazy viral reveal for the internet for
you guys and then we thought you know
what let's just flog our journey and
that is what we're doing we're headed
right now to feed what we're having
we've waited as long as we could I like
it so much geez how about yeah just tell
me one thing this is somebody roll we
had this one Jane was well more like
when I was finality
I know okay so we're going to the same
spot that we found out what we were
having when Kane was born I have no
memory of it like I just remember
sweating head water sweat I wanted a
voice so bad that it was freaky though
this time around I have no like I want
to boy I want to grow it kind of just
I'm so excited for the reveal I'm
actually rooting for a girl because
can't avoid but this morning is the
first time I've ever thought I'm having
a boy Oh Mike great out loudly thank you
boy
only time will tell there's no more
waiting we're going right now we're on
our way so we don't have to wait
tomorrow or a week or a month it's here
we're going to find out what our baby is
what's the sign said big boy
could be a girl it could be here we go
what's in there what is that I don't
know we're going to find out though okay
so here we are in the what do you call
this room the ultrasound room and pretty
soon we'll be able to see the baby up on
that screen I'm nervous I am nervous
today I haven't been at all I'm like
just this morning I woke up like my one
baby you already know that oh boy
yeah hang on can we and we try to figure
it out is there any it can you see by
this name a little box up there like
come down and my legs coming down this
man
right in the gender area where I'm
pointing so you guys go ahead yeah girl
yeah what's wrong yes oh that's amazing
that's the brain it's already bigger
than mine that's her little heart
oh my well as her hands hums up that is
crazy oh my gosh we're having I cannot
believe it I can't believe it either
woo boy this morning she tricked you I
am uh Gus I'm almost speechless guys I
wanted to grow so bad I wanted my boys
so bad and I got my boys and then I
really wanted a girl and we got our girl
we're bringing it a little little baby
out with girl intimate oh my god like a
little kid right nice outlet girl icon
you're like yes yeah my brother's got
two boys we had two boys and now a girl
I'm so happy that we decided to just
film today and not try to hide it for
there was no way that would have been
fun held this like I want to call and so
just relieved and happy right now like
this is the happiest I felt no one like
genuinely just at Eddie's I can feel
I don't know so different it's a
different feeling my parents were to
show right now so I don't even know a
battery and I hope
they're willing just let us pick it up
hey pops
how are you hey carrot what play is um
are you and mom together um not only
careful though if you hurt if you can
just for one second we just want to tell
you what we're having
oh okay there we go
a feeling you hear something real quick
go ahead we are having a baby girl is
alinka home yeah it really turns around
you're a second Thursday excited oh my
gosh oh my god put the first one on our
tire man that so adorable yeah baby's
healthy everything looks amazing just so
happy oh well you know what I've been
saving there's one little buzz before
anyone else did oh I can only think of
that little drug right now they're
everything this and a pack opinion
effects when you are on oh okay
look yo I bet they happen to say it's a
boy look it's a girl it's a boy let's
get a bunch of those okay yeah perfect
we don't have a lot of like creative
ways to reveal we should have like been
thinking of this stuff well it's
whatever it's natural so we're just kind
of coming up with things on the fly
we're going to animate first my grandma
my mom Jade's been really rooting for a
bully I don't know what came in said I
really don't
oh boy
Jane King you're having a little sister
hey flash Oh what you want you wanted a
boy - we're having a girl Wonder Boy I
flash you to be there you go
Ella Gina you're gonna blow them up we
got it's a boy oh my god it's a girl for
you know when we go to other people's
houses
yoshino that's supposed to be big yeah
well yeah I'm good
we're having a girl Kane Hey well guess
what you're gonna have a little sister
yeah we're having a girl
we just found out that cool I know you
wanted to girl huh Kane
Kane's a little in shock he doesn't know
yet we are running to Britney's mom's
right now and then I think mom will
exist there r on the dock and
yeah you get the balloon we should fill
the whole car with balloon you're not
excited it's a girl hey ready yeah I'm
going to plot of them
changes that's not her face it looks
like a space alien hooking a little face
our hands up here she's waving at yes
you see him hey good luck out there guys
they're everywhere oh yeah I think the
double balloons are deceiving if you die
here let's keep it up he's there he's
there come here look out you see him
there you go
roasted my brother's house and kind of
funny they were actually very first to
know when Kate when you were putting on
the team we went to them first through
the first people enough and that was the
first one that I was pregnant he brought
me practice that's right
we're headed to my brothers now and we
think they're the last place we thought
today and the rest just phone calls Anna
what a great day what is awesome day I
love it so happy I'm genuinely happy
that is a nice welcome buddy hey bro hey
what's up maybe you think it's a boy or
a girl what do you think we're having
what's our next baby gonna be boy or a
girl
what is that what you want us to have
well now it's a boy boy boy could we
have another boy you guys could handle
another boy in this family just to be
the odd duck out I'm going girl everyone
else is saying boy I'm going to go
against the grain here I'm saying girl
even though my guts telling me boy let's
do this so did we we're having a girl
there like I'm out execution mode no
it's fun wanted you guys to have a girl
this is the last time over your house I
know it's super heavy for the girls
games like
my nails cat can play he cheats he gets
in that calmest look good oh my god
nothing in this grab stuff
rocky easy kitty Prague in boy girl
funny do you thank you very I bet the
baby he likes cat she liked it yeah I
don't know if it's from the excitement
of finding out the gender of our baby
today and everything but it's like both
of us we both agree we're like zombies
right now we're drained that I finish
the ball I finished editing last night
at 5 in the morning
so editing has been killing me at night
and then getting up and just doing our
daily things destroyed I don't know plus
with the excitement today I think it
just it just reset me mommy's going to
bed oh mama especially what is that what
is that fresh I'm trying to in this
video here's how I'm going to end it
guys we are having a baby girl tell us
in the comments what is the name of this
beautiful girl coming into this world we
are we have a couple names that we
actually like I think we've said in the
blog some names before that we really
like living today that's that's it we
have not picked a name yet so tell me in
the comments what the name that you like
maybe the name you like to spark system
or like that's the name that's the name
we're open other than that thank you
guys so much for the support coming
along with us on just a real day in the
life of finding out what we're having
we'll see tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind mom
you
