welcome to the blog guys how the heck
are you welcome back we are over home
it's gray back classic Ohio as well you
know I didn't close yesterday Kane has
been down since our trip he has been
high fever yesterday Brittany went out
Simon took the camera we actually did
walk a little bit yesterday Morgan and a
house was sick kid is like I know it's
tough it is
so today we're back up James still not a
hundred but he's at like 70 and I got
this crazy idea like a project I've been
in this mood to like build and you guys
know I'm terrible with building I don't
know I just thought it would be fun it's
fun for the family it's a helpful thing
and I know you guys can also try this
I'm going to do it as cheap as possible
as fun as possible and as family as
possible and just see what we get I got
to repeat one more time I'm not very
good at this kind of stuff for some
reason I've just been like thinking
about building things so I'm gonna try
it let's go to step number one hardware
store let's write we need some tools
first thing we're going to need is some
wood you guys know I'm just fantastic
with wood things building what hanging
things they all everything I hang falls
off the wall dude I'm not good at this
kind of stuff is David here going to
help me chop these up sup buddy how's it
going you imagine if I build a house how
long it was last I need somewhere we're
going to chop this up and then I'm gonna
show you guys what I'm doing actually I
already know by so that's how I use it
as an animal thumbnail
alright guys we got some wood we got
some PVC pipe some random tubing maybe
four turns and I'm moving up with the
table it is is called circular saw I
mean so it's called it I got a bunch of
screws should be good why are you
getting all muddy every dance oh you
just carefully no knock-knock anybody
home hey popsicle boy I'm feeling better
you still have a fever oh man all the
beautiful say I'm back guess what I got
my first table salt baby
hey Vance aw wait what is it ah
circular saw I got my first circular saw
it means I can built I can build that
house you wanted out that I got
everything I need really like possible
waitis well you can't get this up here
I'll do it baby set this up boom yeah
how'd you break into my wall you're 300
pounds of edges
yeah anyway okay I'm gonna go get this
started outside and then I'm gonna bring
it in before I go any further in this
for I want to thank whoever said there's
no note at all nothing
oh this is freaking amazing then
somebody said it's one of you guys
finish this and I have no I can't give
credit I don't know who you are
here it is best friends come into our
lives and leave paw prints on our heart
juice 2010 2017 thank you so much you
have no idea how awesome is your stuff
and it's living in our house I love it
it has been a different world like
without this is a different home it's a
different hole it's like it's different
life without it it's so different
no more using our speeds there's no
teeth marks in the truck class
Oh on a plane ma'am
what did you just say we can never get
another dog
seriously no no more dog none not for a
while please
that was so miserably hard on me that I
said I can't get another dog because I
can't afford to fall in love with
another dog like it's so devastating to
me so once this guy we got a dog look at
this thing
run out to the garage this is probably
the first successful project that I
built by myself from scratch and that's
the RC war
I have a fierce RC addiction my I love
our CD as not I play with our C's my
whole life and this is not even all our
RCS we have so many these are working RC
tonight basically Brittany's been asking
for a new kitchen table she's been
asking for a table like why don't we
have a kitchen table the family need to
katella flat I know so basically I said
I can build a kitchen table I've got
just the thing that conversation ever
actually happened what huh I'm gonna
build a table for the kitchen already
got the table this is an old table I'm
going to clean it up knock at door off
some boards around it fill it up and
basically that's it it's already done in
my head I just got to do it sometimes
when I get these ideas I'm thinking of
things like hey what can my what can you
guys do it as a family let me try to
influence families to come together and
do things together more things as a
family it's easy to get distracted and
do your own things and for all Akane's
watching TV right now
Brittany's cleaning and cooking I'm out
here building a new kitchen table it's
easy to get distracted away from each
other some days it's completely normal
but if there's one thing we can do
during the week to bring each other a
little closer each day I think I think
it's really important we got we got to
work on our families man we got to we
got to remember who's important every
single day and those that love us
today's a goofy project that I think
almost I mean if I can do it you can do
it the fun little project so let's get
started I've never done this I have no
idea what it's going to be like it's
probably going to be a little rough and
yours could probably be a lot better
especially after seeing me do mine so if
you started
we straight I don't know my body see
that pretty good
as that why like this close month
granted on its were the bucket anybody
want screw veneer dad jokes baby bad dad
joke Brad that joke I know I also my eye
protection
but guys we have established our kitchen
table look at this this is pretty cool
I built it on just like one of those
pop-up tables and I just built a frame
around it so the cars don't ramp out I
don't even think you need the walls is
high but I like to build little jumps
and stuff inside of it so maybe it'll
keep it from flying out this is where
the fun comes in I put basically this is
the middle of the track 15 inches on
each side I measure three times but
here's where the fun comes in this is
the part Britney doesn't really know so
I'm thinking I call my brother about
this and he said I should lay carpet on
the whole thing then you can kind of
make your hills and your ramps but I'm
thinking like sandbox right so imagine
getting a bucket filling it with dirt
like nicer and then packing and building
your own track in here like your own
dirt track inside and course like wolf
spray bottle so you can like form your
berm so that's where that and I think
I've decided on that because it just
sounds fun and if you don't like your
trick you can just take a spoon and
build a different track I brought some
trash bags out like and line the bottom
tape it all up make it sealed so dirt
isn't actually falling out sounds
probably fall or fly out or flick out
working past a second basically lining
this entire thing basically like a
little pool if you had a little RC boat
you could make a boat track technically
that's not true because I'm about to run
screws and build temporary ramps here
and then pack dirt around Matt another
thing about the whole thing would leak
but you could build a boat track just
like this now just imagine little RC
cars with little ramps all made out of
dirt in your house flash no digging in
the new track okay all right I need your
help it's not that heavy
pretty cool right and this is like a
little jumps will be there and then I
can build berms and the kids are going
to love it
how's the carve on over back well we'll
build little ramps it'll be like a
little hump that's just temporary you
know I mean well that's the part that I
was going to put dirt from the back yard
in there
inside yeah but just a little fee I line
it nice that's nice line us that's great
a line that's one of the best it does
make a mess
it won't quarters course offices no yeah
you ready oh yeah
new kitchen table dude the nice thing
about this table versus other kitchen
table is portable and easily just set it
up I want to watch your head daughter
top screw stochastic already danger oh I
just feel like it goes with the house I
think you're crazy and I want my old
kitchen table back
I gotta get dirt and we're going to fill
this in with dirt by the scrape it off
wash tale so I got a bucket it's pretty
wet but it's good for packing and then
we're gonna have to let it probably dry
up a little bit you helped me once you
scoot that chair over and stand there
you can help me get your hands dirty
it's been so muddy here look at my dirt
I made it good it packs in forms but
Ohio is friggin muddy oh my god y'all
make a mess no matter what this there's
no way around it hey I think you're
gonna like eight of us the shirts I paid
a lot of yeah there really any Oh
oh just what it looks like hamburger how
are you nice outside that's gonna be so
heavy you want to when you're done with
this you can literally do it in smash
yeah you're going to need a few more
Bowl or a roller or just cooking with
this is literally play dough I mean look
it's not really dirt you format and it
stays look it's clay clay dirt hey
you've gotten pretty far
Prager huh smash it down let's just fill
one pocket pop that look at our little
muddy but this here knows how or like if
you interested you're the one bringing
real dirt in here mister this one onto
my glass okay buddy money flash this is
turned into a serious arts and crafts
dude this is taking a really long time
to get all the clay in I used to play
from the backyard I called some stores
they have like topsoil which is like
what you grow plants with this is more
moldable and changeable and you can just
change it at any time so we're just kind
of flattening out the hills and the
humps that I put in gonna clean it up
we're going to keep smashing but we've
been doing this probably an hour now I
mean it's dark out here give a shot it
just looks like they're on camera whoa
whoa what a wipeout
um excuse me sir what on earth are you
doing with hurry up watch your hands
yeah this is what it was like water
turns clay into liquid and then you form
it look at that it's going to be a
smooth glass but you can shape it
however you want
look at that normal spiral staircase
nobilities bounces a little crazy with
this whole project
dude it was jig I didn't want a half job
this is a real indoor truck once I clean
it up make this whole night paint this
you may be rich you are if you guys line
up for hours away come in let's give it
a shot
there we go yeah Oh money yes yeah yes
we got some competition y'all oh this
will always keep going around turn 19
the wrecks not bad oh very good
this is gonna love you oh okay so the
track is very wet and sticky you can see
all the tire marks they weigh nothing so
you know if you can see them it's just
wet
it's super fun though I could see once
this is dry and legit gonna be a lot of
fun for the kids I think it looks great
in the kitchen like that is a nice piece
of the house man you get that thing
sanded maybe better leg actually went
with a nitrogen I should have wanted
like the elephant legs you know it's
kind of just something goofy to do
something fun today a project and you
see my skills right here I cut it too
short go ahead I had to use a tiny
little piece put in there click
dude it's good so that cane was all
better but 1:00 p.m. in the night he
kind of slows down he's all comfy dude
you look awesome in there hello polar
bear so that's the vlog today guys hope
you enjoyed it I hope you maybe make
your own little RFC I don't know this
might be a little extreme I don't think
so I think you could go way bigger with
this and better I think if the table is
one size wider then you could have all
of the four-way track but we got to let
this track drive we got to charge these
trucks they barely have any juice we're
impatient we didn't charge them today
what flash what I was doing my news name
what flash and she just stares at me
always weird looking right clean the
house today it looks fantastic we're
discussing like how much just one lamp
changes in so high like meat on lamps
now if it looks so nice
and it's clean and it's clean that's
very clean the house is clean we're
gonna have somebody come hang are we
ordered a bunch of art today which we've
never had in this house so this should
be interesting
thank you guys for being here thank you
for letting us mister day yesterday
we love you hopefully King is 100
Samarra we can just get at it and I I
miss you guys
we'll see them all you beautiful you're
one of a kind mom wait tell me if this
was a course each day
you
