I'm totally not I'm not on yet I wish I
had a switch on oh yeah welcome to the
vlog guys it is day 2 we are in New
Jersey right now we have early morning
meat probably really boring for you guys
actually maybe I should just skip the
meeting stuff and just start the lashes
that's it cold I bunked up last night
New Jersey we got a little place at the
Crowne Plaza
if you missed yesterday's vlog we met
with Toys R Us and we have another
meeting there this morning and then we
jump on the plane head to Colorado today
have more meetings after that's it just
going to bring me back to Columbus so
that I can be home with Brittany and the
family for the funeral tomorrow morning
that so we're here we're packing up
we're getting ready to leave and just
start this vlog get it rolling and I
think I've just started it later
honestly because no God is cool dude I
mean for your viewers to see like a
process like the business side I would
think that's encouraging like I always
wondered like I always call these guys
did you see the deal happen any wonder
how did it happen that's true I'm kind
of showing like the back story like this
is cool like shark tank and all those
shows out there they don't show like the
story about how how yeah I like hearing
that because I always think I just got
it like blow this wall up or you know
drive a car through that door you got it
all I got oh why it's weird what is that
it's called book matches I think you're
like kept farting laughs I do oh you get
a lot here oh my god I hope you could go
in weight fitting in right now they're
getting really good clothes here I came
out one out for down menu it's really
three floors now don't do that you're
gonna gear come on dad who brought dad
are you serious I don't know if I get my
lane upward come on down a crow great
okay wait let's get it light lets you
like what if something comes on memory
which is what there's a spike down there
are you guys are you going down oh it's
just bunch of laundry down there just
like it well it's a laundry chute yeah
so you guys if you guys are plastic
hurt didn't know my friend is inside
still he fell inside do recall I'm sorry
the laundry was actually open the
laundry chute and my my friend fell
inside ah can you open that
come on banner no I know but somebody's
down there
open it wrong yeah see someone say
someone's down there I'm serious haha
Jenny no way how would you get back up
okay how do you get back up oh my god I
told you something
oh she that's a real evil dude you let
me Oh give us a show maybe oh that is
great I don't want to bore you guys too
much with meeting stuff today and things
like that we are at Toys R Us and and uh
everything's going good but I know this
I know this part of my life gets a
little repetitive and kind of boring but
I do want to bring you guys along on a
new journey this is the real the real
sad truth is and you guys should think
about this too is that YouTube isn't
forever I mean I'm not going to be a
famous youtuber a popular youtuber
forever that's just not it's not how it
works as much as I would love for that
to be and this would be my job forever I
am working on a different path and a
different journey and I want to bring
you guys along on that and I also want
to have the memories for me and my
family that maybe maybe maybe like some
crazy reason it does work out I'll have
the memories captured on the film so I
don't know kind of a weird situation cuz
I want to bring you guys along but I
also don't want to bore the heck out of
yourself no matter what happens I want
you guys to always use me for
inspiration man if I can do it you can
do it for sure we're going to go rock
this meeting out and then we're off to
Colorado
alright here we go again we are up and
out that meeting went absolutely
incredibly clearly loud out here so
maybe I swing look at all these jet
if you think about how many fights we do
today there just took a week set that up
I feel like somewhere they're just
giving these things now
ridiculous absolutely ridiculous Tony
thank you again and again it takes you
guys didn't watch yesterday's vlog this
is Tony's plane
every time I climb on you I can't
believe that I'm riding and it's awesome
this ratio quicker in there quicker you
get to your location faster there's a
security and just walk out and get in
your plane it's like seven hundred miles
an hour pounds
or cold here
like play-doh they would be myself
bring it in it's a bit of a personal
blog for what is some of these do cuz it
feels like an overwhelming amount of
button serious thing is repeating this
is moment hi John
to the wheels for my drug supply store
all the yoga eating shellfish missiles
look we're going down oh my god out the
- dropping is that good good crazy the
whole other perspective up before you is
Jericho time for the performance before
point you
that is awesome do you think snowman
Wow they're just beautiful appear for
the bike show it made it to Colorado
good guys thank you so much in there
hold it my laptop and five phones in
your I fight it off oh no it's just no
it's so cold the weird thing is it was
yellow dunno good it felt like it's not
like a gallon Oh like a slushie I
thought it was like it's mixed ler pee
or something now that a Dibble is our
go-to coffee
Hey
holy crap I want to get everyone will
you crap you look down here freakin Toys
R Us - what is happening this is a real
go call town warping out of dinner and
we're jumping over check out these
vending out dudes I should get with
these in my house right yes but look
look look I'm inside a window wait a
minute now that's why I know what cyber
I can do whatever blesses you really got
me on right so my man here tells me that
he will send me any one of these vending
machines to my house the true cake one
seriously this one is not it not dad we
don't own those ahh I feel like this is
like living room size right that's
living room that's living room size my
kids would play that all day or you hate
now smile more we all really want to
wrap it with smile more yeah and wait
will be that is awesome dude
alright yeah maybe I put it my smile
more building yeah that's tough decision
I see my kids literally plent me playing
this wait a minute I need to gotta get
some on truck and we're like if Britney
wants to find use you like houses oh
yeah this place is incredible guys they
supply all the vending machines with all
the different plushies and the toys and
there's just so many so many different
things they're giving me a crane game
like anyone I want
I think this little one is appropriate
for my house we skipped a lot of the
meeting stuff I don't want for you guys
when we left this guy Tony here
no to getting ready to go home we left
for sewing up some goodies I got this
little box for the new baby right here
and then I got no insane a little
there okay
so I guess what they say is wheels up
that's what it means when we leave okay
they're instant they're yours either
owns me they're scared oh it's already
1:00 p.m. at home one goddamn morning
it's already one animal at home no I
want to teach it okay okay don't phony
this yesterday awesome
this is this is righteous freak them out
all credit goes to my son's Noah because
he showed me this if you hold your phone
I get ready same time tip it up ah comes
on automatically yes yeah okay well you
do tilt it
there yeah once you do it you'll never
go back but you got a bunch to like a
new greenie right see Homer well you
know homework I get Freddie oh whoa look
at Jesus hot pot it's snowing in Ohio
there is not knowing 2:30 in the morning
we have arrived
how I said get the Rutger kid Hey oh my
god no I literally got out of bed I'm
sorry
we had a car a car here we did get a car
where's King he didn't come cane fire
hey who's back there
okay nerd okay get over here boy oh I'm
happy right now I can't believe it's
snowing cane we're bringing home some
big goodies in these boxes and thank you
so much for coming to get me we had a
car like I had a car lined up and the
party never showed up with the odds left
and I have no Wi-Fi on the plane there's
no Wi-Fi on that plane I had no
communication with her if she came to
get me out so all my glass when I heard
you're going to ask someone to take you
home
lovely
I don't know if we're going okay I
thought I could come to you like you
like your dinosaur awesome a poor boy so
tired man Asuma so much we did so much
in the last two days I actually asked
the guys did we believe yes it feels
like it's there just so many days it's
crazy we do what we got to do so we can
do what we want to do let's go on fire
tell me right here keep up Eddie all
right guys I'm home look at this Harry
what is even though it is a head thank
you so much for the last couple days
guys coming along with me on a new
journey a new objective a new idea is so
awesome to have you guys not just be
here it's great it's hard to explain
like it's 3:30 in the morning now and I
just got to get something you guys here
my throat like that's not good that and
that is all I have for you guys today
thank you so much again again and again
we love you you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile more
you
