no now hello welcome to the vlog guys
can i some of the purple purple
yeah but inside it why why is it like
that huh why is it purple why is the oh
my that is not even like this tastes
like potato okay look at this potato
it's completely purple it does kind of
look blue on camera looks blue question
of the day
watch potato purple or blue whatever you
see it does look blue Ripper I can't
tell what color is it oh is the potato
blue or purple oh you're dripping over
somewhere okay guys welcome we are going
to jump outside we're gonna do a crazy
project today that Vicki Britain's mom
over there she came and showed us like
last week you know I was like yeah it
looks pretty cool so we're gonna try it
out you come join us I'm ready dude I'm
ready you got this all I think I think
it's fine I'm out here it looks good
that's Kane's job he's a snow shovel
that is one scary chainsaw huh flash get
it flash get that chainsaw like he won't
go near it
what is that flash get it flash so I
hope you guys are having an awesome day
just kickin ours off getting started on
move this truck pull the x3 out and then
we're gonna work on work we're gonna
work on a little project that I have
never done and actually have only seen
pictures of that Britney's mom brought
over so this could be a total like today
could be a huge failure we none of us
have ever done it or ever seen it
personally in real life so it could go
really good or you go super bad either
way it's gonna be a fun project so let's
dig in
I think Clifford Clifford needs to come
out and play dude like we have so much
snow right now it's like we're gonna
drift in this guy do some donuts some
rent that's right I'd say the next best
thing is is this guy and now I still I
still I was gonna do this this winter
but I never I never did it cuz I never
got brave enough but I was gonna take
the GTR out on the
on I can't imagine try flip out on me
even I'm like I just it's not it's not
even worth like even even there's no
video cool enough it's worth it to me
like I fit was like a lake and I had
studied tires and I could just blaze
down like I would do that but like a
little pond we're all like a new circles
no no this is my little gt-r now right
here
come on flush come on get in with me
don't be a chicken
oh my gosh
wicked I love this thing come on let's
go party I'm not gonna lie to some
brand-new brand-new camera it is covered
in water and snow right now so that's
good way to start this guy out
and there goes the brand new camera
completely full of water melted snow
I'll be back gotta get a new camera dang
it why do I do
okay well she's Brent I think she's
gonna be fine I always call him like
they're females everything she my camera
he's gonna be fine there's just water up
under the lens like the snow packed in
and then melted kind of like my hood
right now I got snow in the hood yeah
it's all full of snow and then it melts
and went under the lens so I'm on an old
camera doesn't actually leads me to this
I want to show you guys this so this is
just a small small piece of it but look
at this you ready you ready graveyard of
vlog cameras that right there there's a
lot of footage not even close to all
look here's one right here
broken look at my lens crooked broke
bent it's kind of like just the price of
what I do
filming as much as possible crazy stuff
family stuff they all break with the
family stuff this one back here
come on I'm getting a massage chair get
up lady get up lady
Oh taking nap and come out okay look at
flash look at him he's digging all the
way he's pushing his head under the snow
all right so Brian's out here basically
bigoted and looks like a UFO landing
where the UFO is gonna land
do-do-do-do-do-do-do also you can dance
for everybody about Tom put the mullet
on a dance baby
dude it's amazing we can totally build a
hockey rink a hockey game this week we'd
be so fun out just cut out a big
rectangle or square and we just play a
little ice hockey so here we are outside
on the pond and we seen Vicki Brittany's
mom brought us these videos and photos
of these guys cutting circles into ponds
and frozen rivers and then basically
turning them into islands that spin
basically like a carousel so imagine
this being cut out and then us spinning
it like a top
for hours with the show don't mind the
quad in the background with the shovel
on it I feel like I feel like it's a bit
of a bigger project than we expect it to
be it's like we got to run a center
stake right run of stakes in the entire
rope to a chainsaw and that way we can
get a perfect circle to go around right
you're the expert I just talked to the
camera and gotta be round square square
one
how about a bunch of squares and you got
to run across them dude we should do
that like an obstacle Icicle course
little thing and have country draw and
then he has to do it no matter what yeah
so like the one bad chip thing that we
do yeah coming to help all right we're
gonna see how thick the ice is
I'd say it's pretty neat so here's the
plan drill a hole run a pipe into the
center tie a rope to the pipe tie rope
to the chainsaw cut a circle it's that
simple
I rented the chainsaw yeah so it's even
it's like oh what's it called stencil
wow that's crazy
cane it's already breathing the hole we
just cut just like a thick layer of
white ice and then there's clear Isis
the bolts of the top right there's ten
inches whew ten inches of ice that is
thick this is gonna be a mate how much
how much is that one weight like what's
this disk gonna weigh when it's cut out
slush bomb shoot your weapon your weapon
oh hey I'm missing is my hairdo do all
right we're gonna grab some rope I
measure out like I don't know maybe ten
feet just run it ten foot running across
and then just I know it's kind of weird
to imagine what is that that's ten
that's ten you think that's good enough
but should we go bigger like twelve yeah
let's do twelve that's great all right
loop on the pole loop on the paint do we
need that straight spray one's the shoe
straight out yeah that's good just do a
circle right yes it'll give us a good
idea no I just dropped my camera in the
snow oh it's clearing up clearing up his
ice all right sweet you know what I do
now just cut that all out that's perfect
that's amazing well not only is my
camera all frozen
it's okay but the insides like got ice
in it already his blade is completely
first into the chainsaw so we're gonna
warm up Bo fix everything and go out and
finish this thing
my camera it's foggy how's it looking
it's dripping ah I think was frozen okay
well we're two cameras in like 20
minutes so this one I I flew back now
let me switch cameras so switch cameras
look at this - now these aren't totally
destroyed cameras once they dry out this
should work just fine but uh it's just
ridiculous that I've already went
through - I'm still trying to get out
you are crazy
tell your mommy go outside she's
distracting okay camera three let's go
cut this ice do you need the wind there
now this one does have one screen we're
just winging it it's not windy out is it
please to mana crack
well well you finally met it's just the
snow stuffed in there yeah positive step
on it do it deep flush trying to push it
he's like do it go go it's like a horror
movie
Jason flashy yo he is really falling in
love with the snow this year he is like
and you he's really easy
Oh mommy with the take down mommy with
the take down like the last
oh did all thing just lift it that's it
Oman how do we make it spin third it's
better and you can see how deep the ice
is right there when you take a chunk out
crazy everybody push push you get this
island spinning nothing oh well she goes
she's spinning its spinning dude keep it
going keep it going
oh that's moving look at it oh right
here it just slammed but we're getting
close getting close yeah
she's really moving dude no dude oh my
god I love it it's beautiful
that is beautiful man row row row your
boat gently down the stream
it's spinning and it's so cool in person
we're gonna try to put the studs on
there see if the bike can spin a little
bit maybe she's just a baby oh yeah you
guys sit on it dude
whoa
on top of the wall
like you do this this would be a good
perspective this will go down as one of
the coolest things we've done on the
pond yet in my opinion it's surreal it
doesn't even make sense we were just
talking today like what else can we do
with the pond and this is something
that's like I would've never done this
in my life is so weird so cool though
still spinning it we haven't touched it
for a while ready
it's amazing just hop on it's like you
know escalator does feel weird when you
first step on it's a smooth camera dolly
you said beans and burgers already beans
and burgers oh I'm coming in that sounds
great job well done guys that's awesome
dude fist bump it that was great Hill on
the drone that's fun man I can't believe
it's just sitting like it oh man we just
come inside to all this delicious food
dude a - burgers and beans like yummy
rootin tootin cowboy in a few hours
right warm up inside of my pants well I
sure hope you guys enjoyed that pawn
experience as much as you enjoy my hair
right now because it is awesome I'm very
envious of the situation in here this
looks real nice Clark reona bagels I'll
give you pickles I'm gonna eat and in
push-up time eating push-ups after I eat
let's do it you know I said after we eat
after we look at Cain he wants
what do you at game what are you at 20
dues are okay
today's 22 we are starting to get up
there for some of you 22 is very easy
and for some of you 22 is very hard so
we're just gonna jump into it we're
gonna do what we can
you don't have to do push-ups that's
just what I do you can do sit-ups you
can do squats you can do you know
anything that you like doing just add
one a day that's all we're doing
tomorrow's 23 and then 24 so here we go
you meet mr. cameraman no all right here
flash film for me thanks buddy
thank thanks oh no we're not gonna film
right you don't have to be mr. cameraman
tonight I can do this on solo mode I'll
put on slow low select oh geez
alright flash you gotta let me do this
this is the hard part it's not the
push-ups it's not the push-ups it's a
flash attack all right guys you ready
knock out 22 here we go
to be difficult to 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
12 17 18 19
it's wall-e 21 to my life starting to
get difficult for me I'm not gonna lie I
think counting
I think counting Oh makes me lightheaded
too because I'm like instead of just
breathing I'm like 21 22 poopy it's blue
pee third widely I read my face you got
the biggest pile of poop on your head
buddy yuck I don't know how flash did
that that's impressive
okay well got my girls over here I try
my gosh there's poop on Texas head oh
well the good news is both the cameras
old and new are drying out and they look
good I think they'll be completely
usable tomorrow which is awesome this
one's my new one so that is that's gonna
wrap our video up today guys thanks so
much for hanging out with us here at our
home as a family
what little buddy all you want to show
him your dance your little chicken dance
Chicka Chicka Brock we love you guys so
much thank you for everything again and
again we proceed tomorrow I think today
is like over 70 vlogs in a row yeah just
give it up it's good but good job good
job little mama
good job little mama tell you no it's
certainly not
you see guys tomorrow you're beautiful
you were one of a kind home tickle me I
thought for sure you're gonna take me
out of it as soon as I said that smile
more
you
