you guys ready to rock everybody ready
you're not ready you just say no about
everything now you want some candy
oh hey guys already here so ready okay
you're talking your car's got a good
answer I like to start this is the fun V
Hey well okay you guys leaving yeah well
I said you how about something I'm about
to beat you down boys welcome to day 6
of Maui Hawaii it's day 6 already guys
day sick can you believe that
this is our sixth day I know never
enough time and how vacations always
have their ending we are going on a
massive family 17 of a snorkel trip
today that is going to be a blast I
think I get to scuba dive which I'm
pumped about was I going to say we're
going to stay what's been sick
I think they want to race I think they
want Doug's on the wheel you everything
about that Corvette he thinks everything
is a race car he's raising a minivan
right now so we have just arrived a
place called whalers villages we're
kicking off our boat actually our boats
picking us up mama are you ready for
this ready are you sure I'm sure
are you sure you're ready I'm ready I'm
ready to take you snorkeling oh yeah
yeah we're not going to new new human
folly no ideas well you go swimming
anything that's the cool thing can I go
in and noon no see our boat
I think it's that red one pulling up
right there are you sure yeah
Oh dad told you you think your daddy
knows cameras not opening there we go
set up for the wedding finger I bet you
do so if you guys remember our last time
we came to Hawaii this is where Brittany
and I stayed right there in that hotel
so a lot of the videos we did were right
here on this beach the hula girl that's
our boat for today only mom on this boat
there we go here we go
aim you're going snorkeling dude go a
wet shoe that is awesome that's a big
boat dude look at that thing oh this is
going to be fun guys this is going to be
fun
ready there we go you on the boat we are
off we're about to take off the open sea
do some snorkeling some scuba
some plan look at this man whoo
having fun
so I try to share with you guys like
where I'm posting the blog me and Dale
both are sitting on this boat posting
videos
it's always funny like where we're at
and what time exactly we're posting this
is right now I'm posting get today's
vlog on the boat crazy let's go yeah
let's go swimming
mama I'm gonna drag you out by your legs
taking the boy snorkeling for a little
bit before we go scuba diving look at
this
here we go yes hahaha
so pretty girls are out there too long
Cain bailed on me instantly sorting
these awesome like don't get me wrong
snorkelling is great you can lay on top
of the water you can look down see the
beautiful fish and reef but I'm more of
like a up close and personal type of guy
I want to see the fish and field system
I want to feed the fish with my bare
hands and look at their heads you will
look at their teeth yes we're going to
throw our dive gear on jump in and get
some real ocean shots you guys on the
other side Andy's in my god
hey Howard Scuba Steve not change my
mind about that house refreshing there's
been a turtle hanging out back here I
got Sophie with him oh yeah hopefully
yesterday got really risky with my Mavic
and it wouldn't work yesterday the the
gimbal stopped working it was stuck it
was jammed I think I'd salt water in it
from there from the the blowhole and now
it's working I'm going to see what the
reef looks like from up above
two three tick off never done this I
mean she's only like kind of another
highlight of the trip hans here just
found some whales and all week
off-camera i've been trying to capture
whales on my drone it just had to happen
so han stop the boat let me take the
drone up and we got this footage
almost back me what a trip made it well
good I'll go home if you're having a bad
day remember positive vibes King worked
in the past a little bit of time to be
honest after that trip we came right and
me cane
there you go cane and Britt crashed out
I think everybody's out of a little bit
we took him that was an hour and a half
and we going to open this box it is here
got it late last night and once again we
are losing sunlight
there's only God I'm never maybe it's
been done before but I thought who's
done our seas in big waves like the
waves are big here let's get some RC
boat dude who's done giant RC boat in
Hawaiian waves no I think they're
different this is a Spartan and in 41 I
know it's going to learn it or some of
that I saw heck yeah
tell me when you're ready he's
determined
you got that determination there that is
awsome tane those things are going to
fly they need wings on the side my dude
over it's fractious I asked like dude
I'm in Hawaii there's big waves can you
get me boats and he was like I'm on it
and they showed up here they are lots of
batteries to charge and get them ready
that's why I said we're losing sunlight
because it might get pushed once again
to another day just in time bro that
comes off in your foot goes in get one
in each foot one anything it doesn't go
awesome okay we got everything charged
up two giant frickin boats and once
again I'm leaving these four to locals
I'm figuring out a way to give my
surfboards away Dale can give his
surfboard away to one of you and we are
going to also leave these two boats
providing I don't destroy both of them
I'm not going to intend to destroy them
they are very awesome very fun toys we
don't have a ton of sunlight left so
we're down here
a little sunset racetrack for the
monster truck waiting for batteries to
charge but I think they don't take long
but I don't think it's going to happen
today with honestly this isn't the spot
anyway because it's smooth it'll not
move we want me you can just barely
barely see the Sun check it out
going down going down it's gone just
like that it's still there bring it back
like the water anymore like water
peaceful peaceful beach right here let's
get kids plan what's my little sea
creatures doing huh your arm stuck
what's your favorite thing in the whole
wide trip so far
besides being with daddy suppose uh-huh
no no no all right yeah like what's your
favorite thing we've done scenery okay I
agree
how about those whales beer is that
cruel yeah I knew you know he's finished
no kick like the best day ever know Jeff
on no game we plan
are you surfing what is it what's he
doing
keyboarding no ah I got it oh I have to
go what you can't what how do you get
people guess that you can't get me on
what how am I gonna do that that's not
even an action it doesn't have to be an
action oh boy
you happy you're gonna make sound no
baby
great and why are you baby boy oh yeah
oh ha ha ha ha my mouth closes I have no
parking you get wrapped up in them how
are you gonna throw how are you gonna
ask how you gonna have to wait what is
this it's a okay baby rocking the tepee
grounding baby be there Bart might say
that's a dollhouse
Oh mother
all right Pablo Picasso how're we doing
here okay well this is the last and
final of the series but look at here are
you safety goggles on in case you get a
little paint splash that has done well
the first one ham and cane started and
my dad took over and then he painted
number two he's a phenomenal yeah I mean
these are phenomenal yeah great pain
tears the question I want to hide them
on the island is everyone up for gusto
they all say Maui 2017 smile border so
it is turned into a very laid-back
evening which has been very nice the
whale today we're like I can't stop
talking about the drone footage of the
whales just blew my mind the whole
snorkel trip getting a little Sophie
with a sea turtle very unnatural very
unnatural environment like you don't see
that ever what's the favorite thing
we've done like scenery is great but
that's not the favorite thing we've done
and you can't do scenery well the blow
jumping into is that's pretty that's
pretty awesome but you got well I I
gotta say the nude beaches you know I've
been looking for a place to lay out and
I know why has a spot forever the best
were till then like we're still but you
got Brit favorite thing for those eyes
usually sometimes sunshine but I say you
can't do sunshine baby around that's the
favorite thing yeah it's a full moon it
is a full minute oh maybe she's werewolf
favourite thing dad the tanning spas
they're so nice you're like these fresh
light balls I get one spiritual and just
for a memory book
laughter now alright real answer I the
best thing I feel like I've done so far
was yesterday just adventuring around
like driving down the coast parking
getting out going to the be rut and
little exploration who liked the beach
and the sun's great and even surfing but
like in something bout like discovery
yeah something that's already that's
been the best thing so far the blowhole
was awesome it was really awesome
yesterday we get to see all the legend
services oh yeah you were there eight
legends of the bed yeah trying to get
some some memories built up through
these blogs we had we've had a great
time I've had a great time the whales
today were phenomena yeah not really
really fun in the fact he let he stop
the boat for me to get that drone up was
crazy a six rapping day six up guys
thanks for hanging out with us tomorrow
day have been already
oh it's completed look at that good oh
my god
four-year-old orange you want to hide
them on the island we're going to hide
about hiding around item around Ohana
yeah I'm a dangerous area in the world
thank you for hanging out with us we are
wrapping up today we will see you
tomorrow thank you so so much for being
here on this family trip I know a lot of
you love us when we're just at home at
our house but you guys been really
supportive on this crazy vacation but
thank you that we love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind
