welcome to the vlog guys I'm going to
try so much harder today for you I
failed I didn't fail I did upload a vlog
yesterday it was really short thank you
for understanding of it I just crashed I
crashed and burned bridges booking
flights we're headed home soon very soon
and I've got a pretty big I think big
fun day lined up it's gonna rain
we gotta go I gotta go I gotta go I love
you so us guys I guess you could say
just up guys are going out today
Brittany and the girls are going out
Matt's wife and they're gonna go out and
do their thing girls stuff you know
probably just spend money shop I'll see
you later
so Brittany thinks I'm going out with
you guys but really I'm just here to
blow all our money at the casino dude
you guys know I don't gamble I mean I
have like maybe $20 $30 but I probably
my whole life maybe a hundred dollars
total like my whole life
we're headed out of the main Vegas city
where all the buildings are and we're
headed out to the desert what would you
say that we're actually doing today I
would say what we're doing I would go
just wait but I'm actually confused I
don't even know her too well I think
we're a little party nice that's what my
plan is implemented dreams are my dad my
brother Jason and Matt and a couple
other people meeting up at the location
and you'd be overall and interesting
that fun thank you so much look at this
place guys this is a gun range look at
this place
Wow it's like a big part of me just
wants to hike like look at this place
how far do you think this will make it
if I roll it this is rare for me to see
a rough stuff real cactus dude whoo ah
yo how much you just punch that well
this is a mess of money right here man
someone's been fired some belt-fed stuff
out here too I look at all that this is
all 50 shelves right here so these are
yeah they're really expensive so
Jonathan from binary X exploding targets
is what you brought some stuff Chloe
yeah I bought this of high velocity
exploding targets that we're going to
show you how to strip a car down real
quick he lives in Ohio which means we
got to hook up we're neighbors like we
got to do something if you ever want to
know where all those taxi cabs go in Las
Vegas when they're done they come here
to the pro Gun Club tons and tons of tax
because when we pulled up there must
have been like 25 cars lined up this is
our car for today my dad found a little
gnome to put on top he just looks mad
but trying to figure out where to put
this canister quickly unlock the car
down hold on
I'd normally have that clicker button
yeah the batteries out the quicker
that's probably a problem this is like a
taxicab graveyard out here add to it
total destruction of this one look at
this guy so crazy just to see like all
the old holes and this car has obviously
been on fire let's keep the bullets on
the other side oh my gosh the exit wound
is way worse than the injury of like
totally switched into a hoodie I had
it's really cold it's raining up which
is rare for Vegas it's not a rainy place
you're in the desert it's usually sunny
at least warmest compared to Ohio it
feels just like Ohio right now since the
weather sucks we're going to go straight
for this car we're not going to do any
shooting we're just going to blow this
thing up I'm going to put a GoPro out
here and I'm going to put my drone right
in the line of fire I built like a on
the GoPro out there I've built like a
rain shield like out of old plastic put
rocks on it so hopefully the lens stays
clear nice
yeah I'm pretty crafty dude I don't know
so so I'm going to put this baby in it
like I'm going up in it chucked it yeah
I might say that all got to is that
thing waterproof we'll find out I think
it is see that's insane look at that
that's awesome
buzz-buzz can't even see it gon be ready
range is going hot
go for still years that's a good sign
and we're still recording what the heck
dude this is where the car was it's
equally that is unbelievable whoa it
like caved in all the metal like it was
ran into this place yeah and you have it
guys one taxi down I really hope you
enjoyed that that was the one of the
biggest explosions I've ever been a part
of that was amazing and I can't believe
it flicked the car and like it smashed
all of the car in as if it was hit by a
vehicle like a bus hit it it's so wet
we're drenched we're soaked we're having
fun thanks for joining us and trying to
make up for yesterday and giving you a
nice long vlog today totally crashed and
burned on my part and I just I just I
just failed love you guys thanks for
being here on the short days the long
days the fun day boring days slow days
the great days beautiful days the hot
days the cold day
ah we got more Brown already there you
go hit the plate oh you have here yeah
oh the odds of that alright guys we're
all dried up with warping back to the
show if you watch my 30 second vlog
yesterday we're at the gun show and a
lot of you said please do more and I
thought it would be completely opposite
I thought you guys would be like please
no more we're here maybe show you a
couple more cool things and then we're
going to read stories out of a Harry
Potter to make up some time that would
be yeah I would like that
and young after you're done yeah the
whole time is funny I've got a kick out
of itself I got a real key together
oh it's a great charm oh oh sorry copy
here yo it's finally nice to meet you
man
we got a hookup I don't I don't know I
don't know if I should look into the
camera or look at you or what how does
it work we can stand like this they went
to that talk chatted out Richard Ryan
guys a big gun guys again yeah I mean
bigger than mine yeah well I mean
standing next to Matt this is the exact
gun I got my dad for Christmas ever want
to step on the booth date next date
aired that guns that my dad can have it
for Christmas like I can't thank them
enough for that that's the gun check out
these look at this one go this
beforehand but the red boy Oh sexy heavy
smash call on the face by the way Karl
just flew into Vegas hangout so welcome
okay check out this play pigeon launcher
do skeet shooters fully automatic
rotational
it's like a galley on what are we
waiting for
we ate we both just bought target size
vision shotguns this year this booth
take some military dogs and these are
the dogs as well and they basically like
you have a little parachute unit goes on
the back yeah that is awesome very well
trained you guys need some more armor
for your backyard look at this dude I
bet a gun comes out oh dude we need them
that paintball match we promised
everyone you promised I'm totally going
to have one of these to do paintball
night we can both have one of those no
one will get hit all right we're
switching gears we are headed to dinner
I don't know where we're going but look
at this gender' 360 days off I did a
secrecy and 360 count that's how they do
it I always wondered wait did you did
you really get us a limo this is all it
is beyond from f1 prime but it's pretty
cool hanging out with you man limo peak
to watch well this is really horrible
you are the back end I didn't do this we
are we're headed to dinner in a limo
which is on you know my last limo
experience can go so well I don't know
if you guys know but I actually flipped
the lid yeah flip it flip it
were you driving Satan he was driving
yeah not a little ball we have
interesting limo experience I think the
next one might be a school bus let's do
it let's do it try to place hopes
winning never been here stake up one
time stake out someone here's the thing
everybody's wearing suits and like nice
clothes and I'm he kind of laid back
somewhere the hustle Ohio okay I'm
hustling my fila you always look good
about success we go we're going in note
funny no funny business call this place
is really busy and really loud I don't
know
like I'm wrong but we got a beautiful
table might sit beside this beautiful
girl well she's carrying our baby
that is still next level I've never seen
that done before and what's the what's
the maximum amount of weight 7 yo head
is huge cake best steak in Las Vegas so
far jion thank you so much man thank you
awesome steak limo baby you go huge now
baby make it even more than romance Mira
sleepy will be here for two man sending
it back and still finish it before you
look ha ha I want you to throw degrees
what about the public cake because the
whole chocolate cake dude she's killing
it killing it
ok this this is an Amur style limo so I
don't know how this whole thing got
switched around Matt but uh you're
looking pretty good over there bro
pretty good thanks Bert yeah it is the
blue headed back to the hotel and pack
up the females I saw him why I want to
be anywhere else
Vegas is truly incredible it doesn't
matter what time it is before in the
morning 2:00 in the morning 3:00 p.m.
it's packed or people gambling as people
party innocence or drinking I'm gonna
say this it's also for being in Vegas
and not drinking I don't drink
Brittany's pregnant she don't drink the
holy goes so far that you can you see
every direction
look at that and we're back in the room
I'm showing Matt up for the first time
this I think it came out really good is
this is the drone footage I have not
seen this is the GoPro all of its
thicker whoa okay watch this
watch that shock we're going to the rain
way that yeah that's what it is he said
it would look really good in the rain
check him figured out I thought it was
the powdered water all the air here yes
and then the drone you can't see that
car move huh uh-oh disappears like where
was the drone enjoy eternity where you
live
where's the car look at the hood I think
it's the hood it goes all the way out
here you guys hear the sound totally so
it's a sound set I felt it's a sound
effect it's not the real sound because
we slow it down this little sound goes
away and the drone doesn't not agree it
does sound good but the drums of the
film audio at all so I just put that
sound in that good and then that's my
intro come on yeah I'll be on the most
important part no listen oh wow gross it
is there was stuff like if you watch
that video there's stuff yeah line
passed it bladder what are these these
little sensors or something yeah covered
in junk
that's why why I just kept going on
brand new nasty drone you can't baby
your equipment in this business was you
guys had to put the drum at now after
watching video I wish I went even close
it was worth it but if I was closer you
want to see the or is it or made it
sacrifice your drugs well that is going
to do it for the vlog guys thank you for
coming to Vegas with us we are out of
here in fact by the time you're watching
this we're on an airplane or maybe we're
at the airport hope you guys enjoyed
today the explosion I'm not kidding I've
been sitting on my career watching this
over and over like slow-mo passport
reverts it's just so amazing to me I
don't know that I'll be instead we're
going to take off we're going to get
some sleep edit
blah blah blah we have some things to do
in the morning here in Vegas before we
go home selfie there's cool stuff before
we go love you guys
thank you again thanks for the love the
support the likes everything where you
guys so much would love you you
beautiful one-of-a-kind smile more
you
