and
welcome to the vlog guys we are just
getting our day started we got this
crazy like artsy paper truckin just put
this paper down and then the car stays
on the track and what happens if I take
this out Oh what anyway guys welcome
back to our Hawaii family trip not sure
exactly what we're doing I feel like
we're all a little on recovery mode row
a little sore well a little sunburned
we're just figuring that out check this
bird out he's eating lizards right out
of this skirt look at this that's a
lizard
gone so they're just cutting all this
brush out right here and this birds
chillin with them grabbing every lizard
that comes out leave it gonna do the see
if he grabs one oh my gos whoa whoa what
up so you see up there anything cool no
you can't get to stuff off and we tried
no use dot they make colored zinc
usually use white we have blue and we
have red apparently the red doesn't come
off because it's like smeared in this
wetland look red white blue okay guys so
we decided to hop in the truck there's a
place called Black Rock which is a cliff
ledge rock snorkel place really fun you
definitely got to have shoes like this
well no did we have shoes not semi-wet
we did it there's like urgent's and like
spiky things we're gonna head that we're
gonna do some snorkeling we're gonna do
some jumping you don't with me you sure
it's 7500 feet yeah you're gonna jump
board
you
look how awesome this place is oh my
gosh look look at the ledges that's what
you jump off of hmm yeah did look at
this pool come here look it's like a
river it goes all the way back and they
cool people whoa people always find cool
stuff wherever there's cool stuff
there's people look at this come on
slowpoke alright guys we're going to
knock out some snorkeling before we hit
them cliffs ready get in looks like he's
kind of ready to get in let's go let's
go see some fish ready let's do it woo
here we go we're going over we're ready
it's fun wasting some fishies want it to
be his first real snorkel out in the
ocean Wow now be right here with you
mommy will be too okay you guys know I
love the ocean most of all the fish
let's go down and see what we can find
in here
do
Amen in the water it's a rescue attempt
old man is he gonna sting you it is
giant black Hawaiian bumblebee like one
staying in your dad dad you doing that
clip jump with me you know fifteen feet
smile Emmett think that's enough working
on I'm an i7 horn so just came up to
take a break and check this out these
tags are coming up when the water fills
up see if I can catch it on some pots
right there Eddie
damn bill look at that he just comes up
right then the water comes up to get
this green algae and then cool it I know
I kept seeing me spin and I'm like it
can't be my best advice as a snorkeler
we're fin you were useless in this
current without fin yeah you go down in
there it's game over
oh yeah so we're hiking up to do this
jump up here but this scenery is just
unbelievable it's so pretty see no rock
lava come down and here we are top of
the rock good look at that always love
ha not that I tire about to do our drop
Dale is going dead you gone
what's your name is I'll just Anthony he
said that his buddy text him two days
ago and said Romans on the island and
now he's meet me right here to give me
five let's see it first time jump first
timer whoa shaking in your boots head
I'll have him up great into this
you decide you were older I'm not going
for a holder this guy's so good nude
he's doing like triple flip what was
that
there's Carl Carl's made it oh my god
twenty minutes later Carl's making his
way to the edge here he goes look at
these crazy kids over here Kane and
Conrad building a fort and we are off
and once again my freaking fit did I get
more Sun does my face look rad it does
it oh I don't know man I'm paranoid I
didn't not want to get fried this early
into the trip and just be like in bed
peeling like a lizard you know what this
camera also does it makes you look like
you have sand on you what are these
things hanging out of these palms what
is that come on Blair every face there
we go
dude my nose is red you guys tricking me
okay I've never seen it a lot of you
guys probably already seen this before
but the rear view mirror on this car is
not a mirror it's a camera that it is a
LCD camera look at that doesn't matter
where you turn it that's who's behind us
I like it now but like the first day I
couldn't use it like it was like really
nice it's just clothes look that people
are hitting you like it comes in too
close all it turns in are mirrors and I
know that is all techno what it's not
that great those itself a lot I can see
is it's pretty great
hello America Liana
I'm a country singer now nobody good we
are running out to a place called Front
Street which is like some shops and like
what I love the cool stuff that is a
tree that I remember I want to show you
guys
dad got a guitar uh-oh
where'd you get the guitar for Mr
Attwood
where'd you get that um the guide surf
shop got for me no way ah spike or Devon
doesn't Devon yeah Devon
now will you still listens Leggett ah
that's amazing
three kids need a break from the water
prove it
look at that couch that's a lot of white
legs
I swear don't hurt me okay I won't get
you Barbie I won't
I won't okay I'm going to the store and
I'll get you
Oh Tinkerbell the little flower girl
okay super sir power
oh sure with you not your uber car oh
it's not your okay you got to check out
this tree is crazy did the craziest tree
I've ever seen in my life
watch out what's up bro alright guys
probably a year and a half or so ago we
showed this tree in the vlog but it is
now doubled in shot I don't think it's
wrong haha no okay this is one tree this
whole thing is one tree all of this is
the biggest banyan tree Wow look at that
dog let me explain how this works this
inner tree look at the branch you know
I'm in it brick it looks like they grow
down do it can that guard out there yeah
and then it branches down and like yes
that's yourself this branch should it
come from here all the way across really
count turns into that tree yo this is
our neck this is our next family member
right here do one of these guys more
small more I heard that if you can say
small more we do not need another animal
at our house there we go that was a joke
but seriously I love I love these birds
all right so pretty yeah for herd riding
a donkey I was under the camera like
that creepy
he wanted
boy lock hey Jen is a half life they're
good boys good luck we got three grybyx
bottom edge and it is happening is that
hot one sir all this for sure
good Mary you know that smells so good
like the flowers are like yes pretty its
smelled incredible smell it yeah I can
smell it
well it you know we'll see place called
Lahaina pizza we actually ate here when
we can't we pretty much just reenacted
our entire last trip yeah you guys know
she prays Pizza all about what they've
never been called damn never been so it
was good
I'm not eating key for the part I
expected okay mr. fruity Tooty okay so
who knows when big things and I get a
really girly drink this is strawberry
gelato like peanuts a lot of
strawberries in it
and to the clerk we share the power
no there's alcohol and then I can't
don't we girls boys no call if you dip
it in that there wasn't even a plateau
where you are you're gonna hide now you
can chase me around all day look at her
hat she's rocking it only the second
person that I've seen on the island
with a smaller hat two people today
wearing one of these on this island
thank you so much high-five
seriously it makes my whole like my
whole day and you you couldn't cover up
that beautiful hair man look at you I
know you put pride into that is it a
Maya tourist now they might look it in
yes you fit in now it looks good I like
it yeah alright guys we are warping into
that bedtime Oh Jim a good data is
really fun listen let's watch yourself
tomorrow small the whole nerd a village
you ready
are you okay you know I know
you know dude yeah what can we scratch
yeah maybe all right maybe cliffhanger
club banger yeah here we go yeah I love
you you're so tan we're saying now
Trevor how do you do a little bug was he
flying you please playing I think we're
all little zombies right now let's see
what time is it at home 331 in the
morning at home Caine it's already
tomorrow are you tired
Yeah right
get ready to be out in one second okay
I'm gonna say good bye guys um thank you
so much for hanging out especially not
just today but on the whole Hawaii trip
sometimes when we leave home I know you
guys love us being at
home and it's amazing to see you guys
come along with us no matter what we do
as a family no matter where we go you're
here with us you're a huge part of what
we do you're a huge part of our lives
and I can't say this enough thank you
for being here you are awesome
you are one-of-a-kind you're beautiful
beautiful you're one of a kind we love
you guys so much you are beautiful you
are one-of-a-kind mama
you
