what you got man just making breakfast
nice great dinner
this is awesome why do some red for
yellow and red red egg that's right guys
welcome to the vlog it is 6:30 in the
morning right now so excited you guys
ready to rock
oh you bringing snorkel gear yeah this
is a such a good idea I don't think that
arrests and discreet adult film la
hospitals it oh no her dude
breakfast Neelix oh yeah
the riving at a place called thousand
Peaks it's a really cool surf spot
apparently we've got a Devin fight and
Josh with us somewhere and not Carl but
one of Josh's he made this from scratch
surf for bruises and apparently it's
almost impossible actually such a wave
with it I'll it's my second time so if I
happen to do it it's like a merit it'll
be a record it's what up man yeah good
to see you are you ready oh yeah are you
ready just how to surf Alcorn Greg okay
you look like you're going to see this
hi guys it's time to CC up today well I
got a shave look like a my photos like a
man mom now false alarm
awesome rock your eyes look down at the
board we're going to have a tendency to
build flooring if we look where we're
going we'll have a tendency other thing
is going so I try to tell people you
want to be looking like where they're at
when we're certainly good advice you
because I'll tell you I just definitely
much down yeah I believe the boron okay
I love that looking I look down you go
down
yeah it's perfectly look down go down
that's the goodness really good that I'm
so pale because I know I look crazy
I want to do the best you can to get
your feet or to your feet on either side
of that that's what allows you to turn
okay so me being a complete amateur edit
bring surfing mount for the board so I'm
going to try to rig one up with the
regular mount which typically I think
will fall off okay so this is basically
what I've come up with here this is like
a little safety but it is named upward
and you're going to be down in the water
so let's do this little surf guys I am
ear-to-ear ready smile and happy I am
I'm ready
in fact I'm getting to do this with my
family and Carl and this is just going
to be like I don't know I don't want I
let's go
oh I feel pretty silly dude
I'm addicted season as my first America
1408 our
who sees it all right coming down oh boy
guys I'd say overall it's going pretty
well but only for like a legit wreck
twice I guess you call it the rest I'm
actually standing up and writing ways
it's all about that board and the waves
are so like gentle like gentle little
giants usually I have to like come up
and upload but now I get to sit here on
it look at go haha I get to sit right
here on the beach and upload my vlog
right here
you
and it's so exhausting yo thank you guys
so so much Josh
thank you ma'am seriously killed it oh
it's just so much fun man all right I
had a blast too huh guys it wasn't for a
lack of strength and the need to eat
food I don't think I'd ever get out of
there so it looks in your boards they
didn't see all that you didn't even
catch all the waves I was catching
ha ha how long were you out there like
him is what you think did
games and game changer you need more
strength in my arm my arms let me down
but come back tomorrow and he just beat
teacher speech a lesson
yeah dad I seen you out there getting
out I did I got to ride nice one really
good one called medium but our guitar
turning to start with about an hour to a
day till you're right at all this and
showed up and everybody announced in a
way I think my GoPro turned off when I
was in that barrel always a feather it
all right we're out of here the Hawaiian
wave many people should get a car let's
go for it it's like I'm freely packed in
here mom good what a great time I'm
getting ready Wes you gone but I'm still
like that's not good look
we're going to head back to the hotel
see what the family is doing and you
know I think this boy needs right now is
a little montage a little like music you
know so here we go hey you got something
to show me all right let's see it
oh he's doing flips now okay try getting
dragged in jump hard that was perfect
what you got there Dale she got what is
it what is it what is it whoa with the
vampire bat man I'm glad we brought the
personal chef Mike yeah I think I might
actually start without you here and some
onions up rings
should wear on your mom a little oh yeah
baby mail brought this thing called I
guess it's called the dome but if you
ever see those photos works like half
underwater half a bulb which I thought
it today some of them are Photoshop some
of them really did you'd imagine today
with the mountains in the background
while we're surfing
look at it so a GoPro goes in the back
just like that and then it's supposed to
take half water shot it guess what I'm
saying is and we're going to go try to
check this thing out see how it works
because I have never used it before I
bet there's a learning curve yeah
keeping the top half dry you know what I
mean like you'd have water drops in your
own you're on your planet
grandpa was going crazy chef walzog
crazy if there was no ripples in the
water it would be easy because there are
it's like constantly moving them I don't
know if you guys can even see this take
a standard I'll show you a picture by
the way no uses red zinc sunscreen today
and now it's like stain just duties not
actually that burn
just drop the trip we will get this baby
out and get some cool photos but is not
riding around goofing off hey a little
baby doing hey how's that baby doing
okay so this is one of the ultimate
highlights of a lot you know me show ya
on the jet zinc on your face is crazy
dude everyone's walking around like
great panting you can't get someone okay
we're just a few minutes away from a
Hawaiian sunset here look at this
everybody's waiting to see it oh there's
Dale funny seeing you guys down here for
the sunset look at this man we're
getting closer look at the sailboat look
at that all right so while we're waiting
for the Sun to set which is getting
close look at it Wow we're going down to
walk apparently there's a monk sea lion
seal see a monk seal down here and it's
being guarded and it comes apparently it
comes up here all the time heavy snow
whenever they come up they call somebody
and they come and guard them ah only
1400 of zone in the world
what makes them so cool that they prefer
oh that's cool we've got a big sleeping
area that's cool whoa there is right
there he's just sleeping taking a nap it
looks like a fan log I would never even
I would never even see that here comes a
big one city weighs about 400 pounds
kind of cool yeah I love that he can
just come up and sleep for a while hey
came up to see that sunset man
there you have it not too bright tonight
but uh it's pretty pretty awesome oh my
gosh look at all this baked barbecue
chicken you guys have been really
treating us like king and queen to me
guys lots of food
pottsy good food kids are exhausted is
more these kids out and I'm worn out
that was a hard day of surfing I already
went to lay down minutes ago to keep
still up
Noah is completely out me asleep I know
did we get to eat almost all day how
come he's been asleep
I think we should go wake him up what
the deal
oh we lost another one another man down
he is out shame all these kids have
passed it out I was thinking about
cutting open this smile more cake Tam
got a I'll just have a couple cookies
then okay we're going to go ahead and
end this vlog guys thanks for hanging
out with us today I am trying to figure
out more things to do on the island you
guys have been leaving lots of
recommendations Dale and my dad came to
me and they're like how brave are you
and I said Wow
said there's a hammerhead shark died
which to me some hundred you guys know I
love diving with sharks we do it Bahamas
every year it's like I love it so I'm in
for hammerhead shark diving what do you
guys think on that I think it's only
tomorrow though what they said it's only
ones well you might be oh do next week
we love you guys hope you're enjoying a
little vacation vlog and we will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
mom
you
