good morning guys it is a it's 6:00 a.m.
we're about to start this crazy crazy
long journey this morning the kids
aren't even awake and the sun's not even
up yet so mornings really aren't my
thing and has a vlogger you're really
almost just going to bed sometimes at
this time so uh get this started bear
with me it's probably going to be a
escalation today of energy let's start
in our bags get the kids get the family
let's have some fun I know you're awake
what's up my man what's up well you
don't want to come out with me huh you
staying in if it's too early for you
then it's too early for me hey you ready
ah my little man you ready to go hey
little firecracker
you ready you ready yeah do let's rock
man that's the wrong way that's the
wrong way
the
okay go baby now are you going to flush
so speaking there it is good morning
earth cane hey hey
earth cane you ready to rock you really
taking this guy you're going to carry on
the whole way disease as big as you are
you're going to carry him okay so today
actually this trip is really a do what
you got to do you can do what you want
to do kind of trip it's been planned for
a while and we've been fortunate enough
to be able to bring so many extra people
a direct mom all Britney's mom's coming
we've got my mom and dad coming Dale
ingest coming with their kids we've got
Carl and Pam and baby coming
Tam's mom and dad coming it's like yeah
that's it that's it by far the biggest
vacation we've ever taken and it's so
exciting and we're so fortunate to be
able to do this right now and it's just
going to come at a better time to just
feel so right to get out right now and
choice and time together that being said
mornings are my worst struggle for
vlogging it's the hardest time for me to
grab a camera and talk to you guys when
I struggle with because usually I'm
really just going to bed around this
time not this early but wait go to bed
late there's the Sun back there you guys
are missing it but you decide to walk
with an actual do you mean maybe it's
just today we long trip bite my head off
you know it's funny I'll probably be
bringing the only mud this location play
that I can't wait to get away from I
think if I see any more mother throw up
I've been bit a whole mod for like three
months I did remember here too actually
got to stick
well I bought you do that in that one
with horny one
like we're going to work many over to
the airport guys let's do this
thank you for joining thanks for coming
along I'll be filming as much as I can
and really trying to capture the family
vacation this year
to this lady who is this lady who was
that I don't know she looks like she's
ready all right let's do this
it's a race dude we're going to beat him
we got to beat him beep beep oh my god
fast too furious dude I hop on will go
slow we'll go slow this is actually a
rare occasion that we don't have to run
to the airport we're actually on pom
we're good foresight it's one of the
first times we get candid here we go
cane we're going in all that is awesome
so you've never been where we're going
called that first time vacation doing
seven years mall mall you look closely
so Pam James ready to rock
are you ready get me one like a little
bigger a little bigger you got a ticket
boy Noah brah it looks just like a
butterfly nice like a full metal
butterfly knife but it's a comb I didn't
know you had it and it happens I've
accidentally carried nicely too up up in
a way we are about to hop on our first
flight which is only three hours long
and the second flight is over eight
hours on or eight hours long let's go
mama
my mom and dad are on a separate flight
my brother and his family are on a
different flight so take all of us on
like different flights today crazy but
we're all going to meet up in the same
place little lady I saved you see
which is the little baby this time next
year that's going to be up we're gonna
have our own little girl we're trying to
get some free Wi-Fi here
hit it get it in it faster we're getting
the block you need a blog once I get
around on it I can I get one
access granted we're all Rosetta
we made it to Denver buddy is small you
know it's always great coming the
airport with you I've never I don't
think I've ever ridden shuttle ever view
I don't need any thanks Momo 11 hours on
a plane today you got to get out you got
to burn a little energy Walker oh we
need magnets magnets for our collection
our collection I like that one what if
we sell that mountain flying in remember
we got these two I love them good choice
one more time one more flight days
asleep
one more plane from Silicon kb+ I am I'm
so happy
we all made it
we're here and I think everyone like
what just happened there's a tight off
life game is so ready dude this kid is
ready I feel like no matter how I film
or where I film you guys are going to
know where we're at you don't already
know where we're at just applying shots
and I know a lot of people probably yeah
you got a trick we can only blog like
this so we just said this is like the
part of the movies when people arrived
they never show you is just sitting and
waiting on your bag you know what make
getting baggage easier is it we're at
the right agate you and her over there
standing the whole time if I'm wrong and
claim now we're just waiting with the
weight but we're at the right one now
and it's quite let's get here pleasing
hey hi
spearmint peppermint so many different
men
how can none of these be are oh my gosh
once again we had to Roma progress along
fashion camera drop my camera Noah
stager blog today because i legit left
my camera right here is one of her bag
really oh do you think it wouldn't be
that well we're not on planet earth
anymore
look at that gain Noah I just want to
say great job that was the longest
travel on both of you no complaint rock
and roll I'm gonna knock you into this
lizard world you haven't been doing this
Lee I'm inputting viewers in the vlog I
just got ambushed in there but you guys
really tracked me down you guys are
staying here and it's awesome well maybe
we can go surfing together something
yeah I saw another body for skate-off
we're not gonna filmic tripping agents
am like oh my god II was wrong anyway
really everybody just ran into me today
at this airport said I had a feeling you
were coming here so crazy crazy have fun
guys thanks for watching
sets up on things my mom and dad are
already here they just got their rental
car and then my brother Justin his kids
just landed right now so hopefully as
we're waiting for our car they will come
out we'll get to see them here and at
the cameras would pull the far over it
went right on the plane
you know if I could do that I would
because that would be amazing and I just
can't hold out scary we're hunting
lizard he's right there right there
zoom he matches the leaf solo come on
camera living it seems there is there is
I got you lizard we're still here
Oh awesome maybe waiting all day for you
my mama Wow here's Hank Airport we won't
go anywhere decision that's right
papa bear well I already hit the yeah we
did $8 gallon melt how much is no you
know what there's a Costco here we
thought everything was gonna be so
experience with it was really yeah but
it looked like an hour to get in and out
of there there was the leave ah
apparently the rental car lines are
crazy over two hours long the wait for
your car we've been your stalling out
yeah an hour just waiting do you see the
name on the boys bathroom look at that
that's you maybe a sister spring you're
is is yours so today's a travel day we
already knew that but we thought we'd
have a little sunshine it's falling
right now behind that mountain Brittany
is about to pull up and we're out we're
going to head it to our home for a few
days few days we're gonna hear why
twenty thirty day you know what I'm I
just stay like that's the truth I'm like
let's find a place here and we don't
need to live in Ohio we can't just watch
let's put that kid on a leash huh you
excited
no neither I can't wait to go back home
we have our vehicle we are ready to
rock'n'roll
kids let's patients around nobody has
eaten pretty much all day we're gonna go
find some food into our like a little
sunshine left kind of weird thing about
living on the east coast of the country
is that when you fly to places like this
were five hour time
so it is uh it is 1:00 a.m. at home so
we're all like dragging like it's 1:00
a.m. good part of that is tomorrow
morning we'll be wide awake it like 5:00
in the morning
6:00 in the morning so it's like a get
you in the morning with Terrell and I am
I got a wife retires 8 o'clock here here
that's only 8 p.m. here pretty easy
we have warped into our room when you
think Dale pretty cool I'll have a
secret passage place is way bigger than
we expected but ok nice perfect what is
this room this is what get everything
look at this bathtub yes always I take
the bath I'm a bath I love that others
monkey monkey fists there's a monkey
fists not dude what the heck is that
it's like a cave can you go through
there it's safe to say we're all
exhausted but it just went me right to
not get in this water at least one time
tonight burn it up the kids got a lot of
energy right
what war
haywire bag hi mama
mom are you ready yes ma'am your back
pain what you're a good mama mama visits
where I can swim I don't know how hey
I'm going to take you out swim this year
no on it's on your bucket list you can
use over it you know it can actually go
through or not
they're like real grotto hey let's do
that let's do the cave sleep challenge
we have to sleep in here all night yeah
get a floatie bed either baby or babies
for hitting for swim this is really
count does into account looks like we
got to figure until the baby's born so
that we home but here in Java salt
whatever with the dolphin
you have baby with the dolphins it's
really weird cuz she's not here but like
you feel like she's missing out on what
we're doing if this is a once in a
lifetime
family trip and the baby's in your bunny
hmm this is change year to get out of
that stupid floaties dude who thinks I
should teach mama how to play you know
the easiest ways just push her in you
know my grandpa told me back when he was
in the when he served in the army he
didn't have to swim either and they push
the rod off a ledge no they went back to
me I guys we are going to take the night
um lots going on we really just need to
be ready for tomorrow we are going to
start a whole new adventure here I would
imagine the next 10 days is going to be
packed full of just family and adventure
I do I do want to put a lot of focus on
this trip in particular and just real
life family as much as I'd like as a
blogger as a youtuber I'd like to create
strictly entertainment for you I really
want to capture my real-life family trip
so
I'm gonna do my best to do both but the
focus is going to be mainly just what
we're doing and what we're really doing
and that's all I got for you today I
actually love you guys thanks for coming
with us we'll see them long you're
beautiful one of a kind smile off
