step on a crack you break my back I
gotta get to the massage chair I gotta
get to the massage chair welcome to the
vlog guys we are starting today's vlog
exactly where we left off yesterday's
vlog actually I was sitting over here I
was sitting right here and I changed
shirt I was wearing a tank top
oh yes what what happened what what did
you do what is that oh it's from all the
drywall explosion if you missed it we
shot a cat why don't always call it
catapult grappling hook we shot a
grappling hook through a sheet of
drywall up here and it blew back it was
everywhere I mean it was all in the
couch it was all the way over there you
better hold up in the hands boy show me
what you got he's got this kid grabs hot
dogs out of the fridge like this and he
runs around with him and he eats him
like a sucker and then he's got a sucker
in this hand you love hot dogs hot dogs
are pretty cooked but it's still just I
did it as a kid to run around with a
cold hot dog it's like a pot you should
freeze a hot dog eat it like a popsicle
if you freeze a hot dog like a pops up
do it oh you're leaving I mean you're
leaving and you're taking them today is
gonna be a little bit of mixed today's
give me a little bit of Britney vlogs
well then you me are you gonna put that
in the freezer just like that ya know
who's gonna make up this is why I always
say you guys say you like the current
day once over in the vlog current day
but it really backs or something I gotta
stop doing it although some nights I
just don't in the blog and a half to
this so it's my fault maybe today should
be all you guys vlogging
I did I think I started it now it's just
up to you guys okay I love that idea
yeah yeah just like that change of plans
everything has changed wherever at my
brother's house and we are about to get
in the hot tub already mr. smile more I
changed my mind
I changed my mind dude it's so cold take
your socks off
dude are you coming I'm ready I'm going
out the door on the biggest sissy don't
like a cat getting into in the cold
water right now ready it's gonna feel
good once we get in see my brother's
kids are like him they just get right in
my kids are like me we're like dude that
looks awesome let's go let's go let's go
let's go you guys are living the dream
welcome to the Atwoods hot oh it's
amazing
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 11 oh do my
cameras hosed what I mean it's it's you
can't see
wait that's ice wait let's take it off
the bag no it has to melt it's got
wrinkles
okay let's rip the bag hey Eddie you
pull that side up all this side ready do
a hot tub ice-carving the bag is folded
inside of it
should we set an actual timer to see how
long it melts you wanna make predictions
I'm gonna say three minutes top Dale
says three minutes I say two and a half
minutes for the whole thing to melt it's
a foggy mess in here oh man you can't
hardly see it an iceberg yeah you turn
the Jets off
what's your watch say what your watch
say oh just case anybody's wondering the
water's 104 degrees so one minute we're
already at a minute yeah
oh look at the hole just hit the one
button well cube very much three minutes
right now it ain't fun yet now that's
for sure
you get some shopping done boy looking
for groceries it looks like you can
start a new like a new version of racing
jump jump jump jump
not gonna lie bro that's a pretty sweet
setup you got out there man yeah it's
nice that's the honest truth
oh it's cuz it's yours I we put it in
before winter and we've been in like six
times there's no time and it gets so
late so bad I'm sure a lot of you guys
have hot tubs they're amazing in the one
you guys are jamming up here they guys
girls went and got pizza salads wings
and it's kind of just turning into a day
at my brother's kids have been dying to
come over here so that's pretty much
what we're doing is let the kids have
some fun and of course we're having fun
at the same time hey man I am I'm
warping into the night right now because
I kinda need to narrate the next part of
this vlog we're over at my brothers and
I turn the kids loose with the camera I
mean no one wanted to film and the kids
wanted to take the cameras or sit here
here's the camera do whatever you want
we Brittany and I hi Brittany hi
Brittany what are you doing I feel like
I need to narrate this because there's a
lot of different things going on here
I'm actually starting to edit it and
trying to figure it out and here's what
I got so far and I think that I figured
out at least the first five seconds of
their video and that is that they broke
the camera that's what I'm getting from
this camera definitely broke and I don't
know how they got it working but this is
the actual camera that did that weird
color thing so somehow the camera
started to work and then they made this
little sketch no one's like a drill
sergeant he's telling the kids what to
do I don't know
I don't know they did the whether they
were reporters it appears that they
actually tried to make their own little
mini movie where they get a call and
they have to go fight and I think Hulk
dies I think old guys in this one
hello what will be on our way
right away come on King
local news uh Hulk has well he would be
beat it in a battle went bad spider-man
I say so this amazing picture of Hulk
you can see this was him he's no good
the next part appears that spider-man
captures Dale my brother son Dale but
when the when the net hits him it's just
I was in tears the first time I saw
watch him help the net capture like he
captures himself with the net
and then they did their own credits and
it's just I love it
alright guys thank you for watching our
video I'll see you next time Thanks
short clip movie huh and that puts us
back here at home guys weird vlog today
absolutely strange what Weis all the way
over there within chips there's like
just total ball
you know what to do boss just throw the
ball I get a little cranky at these type
of hours anyway guys this vlog let me
explain why this vlog is weird so this
morning when I started the vlog and I
said Brittany was leaving and taking you
guys I don't know if I said that in the
vlog
the original plan that was her and Kane
was leaving to the store they were gonna
vlog and then knowing I was gonna vlog
they decided not to go we went to my
brother's house and that's where the
vlog is all weird today and I don't even
know if you noticed maybe it's not weird
maybe I'm just maybe I'm thinking it's
weird because it didn't go as planned
look at these guys so simple-minded how
if I could just be entertained with this
ball my life would be so much easier and
the kids are asleep the kids are asleep
Brittany's grandpa we think he gets to
go home tomorrow he's not in any good
shape though it's it's really bad but he
is everyone's leaving it up to him and
his choice is to go home he wants to
leave so we'll keep you updated on that
but we appreciate all the love the
comments yesterday and in the tweets you
guys send then you know prayers and just
such good words and we really appreciate
it was really nice to see a day of
nothing but love towards the family
that's it's really special man so thank
you so much for that we love you so much
thank you for everything we will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
Oh Oh what you're done squeaking now you
don't want squeak no more
you
