okay here we go welcome to the vlog guys
we are in what part of Michigan anybody
know where we're actually had
how-how-how Michigan or petite for I
don't know that's right here we're close
to Detroit north of Detroit I bought a
bunch of extra hard drives a two
terabyte in a one day there's no way
we're going to use all that I got my ear
the pinball fish tank quad Todd Anthony
on the wheel of some men yeah we're on a
mission today to do something a little
different than what Matt and I would
normally do together and we are going to
blow something up we are going to shoot
a lot of guns I'm on it it sounds
exactly maybe we are doing the exact
same thing but there's a twist and we
have a company come and bring something
really special for us gonna make this
really fun I think we got a car to blow
to Blanche I love it cause it's Lance a
look Lansing every article you can see
was look Detroit that Lansing I don't
know where we're at 3:30 today guys yeah
we'll be right there
all right we've arrived I see a Chevy
Blazer back there kind of looks like
where we live on this one that says
danger no injury that might be it not
only will this kill you it will hurt the
whole time you're dying right go ahead
you go in first got this whoa all the
way up that's a pretty good show oh man
honey you're a cool dog Wow we got our
Jonathan from binary he was the one in
Vegas and we were like you're from he
got me he was one that helped us blow up
the taxi cab in Vegas was up I knew we
would hook up I brought you everything
everything all kinds of high-speed
cameras for you today the play with we
are working on camera angles in the
things we can do today he's got this big
pond
lots of explosives I've never seen that
done in water so should be pretty
amazing we got a blazer back here that
we're going to try to do a full flip
it's the Blazer flip challenge who got
real experts here today has been make
this perfect the cold water yo max
housing waterproof boots great then you
can walk anyway for sharing I just went
right through that with my little
converse
working its survival mode man check this
up come on Miss Lee this is my real true
bottomless hat play that you brought
wolf sock I'm preparing good a section
for glozell huh
yeah man Jackie a little quick hey buddy
what's up the big girl that is a big dog
yes I forgot to show you guys what was
in this box I want to go in open it I
have the slickest booth ever on it's the
bottoms are like skate dude I'm gonna
eat at 100% today Wow did I look good
today I'm just gonna say it now I look I
look good today
you guys remember sha sha holding this
guy check this out
it is a handheld flamethrower that oh
man dude I'm an ice skate look at the
bottom this is called a our have you
ever seen a our what I watch it's gonna
be crazy it's gonna look like it's
really coming out of this see yeah well
you can actually almost feel them on
your hand a little bit not watch when
they go back inside close your hand go
your hand are you going to keep them in
there now watch this almost like they're
going to come alive now flip it over
okay
pull your hansel here and height and
flip it over so these guys got a buck to
that apparently you can like shoot out
of put cameras in all right let's take
it out on ya little heater see this is a
good idea so he's in your hand
I just bought a tank I'm gonna go ahead
and I did about two but we haven't done
anything with it
we are getting right into it
freaking cold so we just want to hustle
today we're going to move what is that
that's a boat
that is ridiculous redneck waters mom
this should be beautiful I've never seen
anything like this in the water so this
will be my first time and then we have
of course some awesome camera shooting
like crazy slow-mo on this uh absolutely
beautiful camera and we shooting that
pond for feet how do we close it up four
more feet four feet look at that wave at
your boyfriend Nick name you would punch
nigga two to go one who neighs
breadstick I was going to 52 that was 50
pounds it felt like a militant idea your
face was so priceless I wish I had your
face
propane tank okay here we go look at the
prophetic moly
oh yo that was unbelievable I'm a little
T night ain't like out of sight I can't
wait to see that yeah it was just a
little bit area to hang with pretty hot
 shut up Brad I was pretty out that
was beautiful nose okay so this is what
I've been taught to do this is point
blank Barrett 50 verse bag of flour we
have the most expensive camera equipment
and the worst and weathers down okay
here we go
thank you for let's do it
a miserable list right now right I got
us out here three look what he did to
that bag oh my god he pulverized that
took four hours to do it but you know he
did he did it we could use a box cutter
he wanted to open my dad he want some
flowers it actually looks like he kind
of he forced out up there you'd actually
get a good look out of it your Lance
freezing dude my hands are gone yeah you
got this Anthony you hit it oh he
knocked it over
would you think about goodbye you know I
mean sigh come to your cuz what we do
the little guys is a little one that's
the lowest one yeah so all the one I
have the attached to the tank so I
didn't want to ring that one out shut
off the breadsticks you don't and yeah
closing some breadsticks you know so
that's like you know pieces right
we're struggling a little bit with the
weather today my list you know it's hard
to even talk thanks for bearing with me
and watching yesterday's vlog I wasn't
too excited to upload it my Energy's low
and I just not myself and that's that's
kind of the part I struggle with
yesterday but I feel a lot better today
just getting out and doing things that I
enjoy doing and I just don't think I'll
ever be able to thank you properly for
how much you do for me and how much you
really have gotten me through some of my
hardest times thank you so much guys
seriously our next project is we're
going to try to eat not even play flip
bottle you take the bottle you try to
flip it at land we're going to try to do
that with this SUV the idea here is that
we have two boxes full of surprises
we're going to simply shoot each box
same time making the Blazer go full flip
landing on its wheels cast your votes
right now guys is it going to do a full
flip I don't know I know the power of
this stuff can easily flip it it's
whether it hits at the same time or not
both guns at the same time
I think it is going to be nice a warm
house blaze is going up to mrs. Oh Peggy
dot dude mud from the blazer hit my
camera all right Jesse
that is crazy he's a tire flew from the
Blazer you gotta wash it how'd it look
we missed the shot no I said Oh No
my friggin battery died right with the
money I bet if we look close your feet a
month hit the screen look at that never
ever had a battery died right in the
middle of the action and that is bad
timing
Oh what what oh my god that's not good
dude I'm saying I know a guy in New York
took the cannon who fix it 20 bucks
no come on II rewire the engine artist
makes a windshield you know reflective
laughs window but you know that door out
yeah I hope that out you know if you
want if you want it you're doing it this
way you want to landscapers portrait yo
right when the explosion well my camera
dies wait wait you guys just need my
help ready let's play that part cheatin
that's what happens got a cheatin
ricotta cheese this is what happened
that's the owners manual for a hassle
time still look same company you know
how we end this with that flamethrower
oh yes we need that flamethrower because
they're still good upholstery in there
oh my gosh you know I'm a successfully
found somebody that may have neighbors
that hate them more than my neighbor
station lettuce beep yo New York New
York I got something for you
this is all Anthony right here I brought
this one just for you man you ready
whoa that's a golden desert wrong let me
show you how cool is that
now you go hold sideways or I woke hello
obviously they rise I mean how else do
you shoot a gun this is the safety yep
please look it up you go up to shoot now
it's live you ready you ready to pull
oh my mom don't hit me that hard
Wow alright guys we are working past
some time we have packed up we have
we've survived the weather check this
out
well I know what you're thinking Todd
you're jealous
I'm not jealous man you're jealous that
is old man that's me in another four
years for real every day ready I think
it's safe to say that we're going to
blame weather for kind of a lot of
failures today I still got mud smashed
into this camera so much more did you
see that I didn't see your video no I
can't wait to watch onto my blog there's
no piece of shot please just try not
getting that up what you know hey go up
look you're going to get that up tonight
I'm not going to get back into like 11 I
finished it five in the morning all
right
5 a.m. guys and I'm done dedication with
dedication you got to live it Onan I'm
gonna be honest I did not get the slo-mo
shots that I wanted today and not even
close
and we struggles the weather was awful
we still had a lot of fun now we had a
lot of fun and it was good to get out of
the house and hang out friends and
friends on Facebook and now I realize
not real life friends but business
friction we had fun man we had a lot of
fun I don't know how true it is on
camera but thanks for hanging out with
us we are going to find some food and
head home called a five-hour drive by
time we get almost by line dudes you see
all that me on missed it like five let's
look at all the fans
yeah there is a ton of equity like five
cars over there crack up the weather is
unbelievable phrase
I got it get over here someone come up
here what are we going to call our best
driver Anthony mousse you now calling me
breadstick that's my nickname now
breadstick how we got pinball fish tank
what fish tank involves watch I'm real
named it love it like crazy you keep it
under 25 oh man loo that bridge is ice
over that's the old accident you're that
word we have made it back we're loaded
up it is 1:00 in the morning
so I guess yeah well so snowing my man
thank you
I'll see you tomorrow any time for
breakfast ah so we are headed a home
look at the snow it's my god he got
March yeah I put it full around
and it is crazy
alright guys it is current date in the
vlog last night I was great good really
really good thank you practice if the
snow has stopped we do it a little bit a
little bit do we almost had enough to
take you sledding before you left man
you ever been pulled like going sledding
we could I think we still could not I
think I mean as long as the grass has
something on it you will slide we just
drove it okay I'm going to say goodbye
now so I can start today's vlog thank
you guys so much for hanging out with us
I we will love we will see you tomorrow
thanks again for being here you are
beautiful you are one of a kind smile
more
you
