guess who got groomed today look at you
two beautiful dog terrible timing - it's
real raining for almost two days
straight and you want to go out you just
want to go play in the mud don't y'all
want to get all dirty daddy I want you
to be free
welcome to the vlog guys just starting
out kind of where I filmed a bit
yesterday you guys watch yesterday's
vlog got water on the camera destroyed
the mic had to come on here finish the
what it was really is confusing actually
I'm going to get into it but yesterday's
vlog was incredible insane if you missed
it here is a kind of a recap head true
diamond play button made out of plastic
pretty much made you guys believe that I
shot the real ones but here's the real
one safe and sound guys nothing wrong
with them and big shout out to everybody
that was honest and actually commented
you got me like you tricked me I figured
everybody would have too much pride to
just admit it but I did get a lot of
people come on buddy anyways yes welcome
check out yesterday's vlog if you missed
it it really stirred things up it was
great was fun I enjoyed every second of
it yo thumbs up he's freezing win today
oh you look really energetic - Britney
had this plan for a while but I think
it's time to show you I mean we have to
show you if it's gonna happen in any any
second
how do you want to show is that your
present right there that's your that
you're ready for me - oh my gosh what
have you done yeah I don't know if I
like you I might cut their hair off for
me what are you talking about you never
cut your hair off when you're pregnant
laughs what are you talking about I
think I think you're losing your mind
that's what's actually happening I don't
know if I like it to be honest I'm not
you know I like just your black hair
just like straight black hair and now
you go a little crazy curling it blonde
in it oh he said did you like make it ah
it's so pretty he didn't love it Kane
did love it
most of you might love it too I just I
don't know I'm such a simple person I
like just four black straight hair I
could try to endure 360 today I haven't
done that
oh yeah and a poncho can you arrange -
oh come on Ohio let's move
I mean like seriously let's move hey
where would we move I'm really like I
love rattling I love Ohio but the
weather dogs went to the groomers today
they look extra beautiful look at that
lettuce look at that that's a German
Shepherd oh my god you don't feel bad
about it is you buddy it's just you see
again so my brother his kids and wiper
here and on clippity-clop eating you
watching in his long huh oh my garbage
in here they all came up with this idea
not my idea at all
bang now it is my idea to do it inside
it's raining out we really want to get
this thing out shove this in yesterday's
vlog it is a grappling hook guys this
sucker shoots through the sky focus on
the things and you climb up yeah we
didn't have a castle wall to try it on
so we brought our own wall let's like
you can unscrew this and put a spike on
it we don't have that but it looks like
you can our goal if you see if this will
shoot through a wall do you not remember
the power of that is this pregnancy
stuff yeah I'm on my vitamin C Rob
prenatal so we'll tie it to something so
sick
you can't go therefore we gotta go get
this Waldo what time your leg and Steven
trips you all and be painful as your leg
oh yeah
what are you doing this ah I'm gonna run
you over
we got a wall oh yeah nice wall you guys
actually think this is a good idea uh I
don't know that it's bad idea I don't
think it's a good idea either when you
break one of the chairs kind of right in
the middle blows the glass in the fish
tank out can you imagine
my god Solomon joke I think we got all
right guys we got our make-believe wall
the idea is that you wait did you get
blurry come on blur bag Wow got really
blurry so here's what we got we got our
fake wall here which is actually a sheet
of drywall which is basically what this
is right here and the idea is that this
goes through the wall opens up and then
you could pull the wall down yes good
night night so we are going to storm a
castle wall yeah it's the best of all
it's like a dream come true dude how
about the windows where the archer sit
you need them like you know they got the
windows yeah always raising the flag
nothing to take down a small more chaos
snap right here a drawbridge we got we
we've got to shoot the door down yes the
castle evil going on where do you get
your inspiration you know a lot of hot
you know Castle are that I didn't check
them out and studying them inspire to
you know create I like how you took
multiple time periods and mixed it into
like this just beautiful masterpiece
it's a true work I like how you have you
know the medieval time period but also
the modern design - you get the modern
architecture nice wide doorways what you
got you got - nowadays and white door is
just a bigger framing and couches are
bigger now beds are bigger you've got to
have the big door that tomorrow is a
really good design I'm Noel castles
built our goal is to storm the castle
shoot the grappling into the door Oh
pull the door down nice it we made
slight cut into the door into the back
of the door into the back of the door we
may have a better chance of pulling the
drawbridge down don't forget about the
alligators that surround the door you
have to jump over it really test it
outside we don't need to tell we have
never shot it actually now you've never
caught it if we fast-forward 20 minutes
from now then I could say we have shot
it we follow worse
well what if the rope breaks is one yeah
what if it does rope break oh my god you
know this world don't break okay
okay and how many pounds did that help
550 pounds years ago back in elementary
school so this weighs about six ounces
at a maximum velocity coming out of the
gun of maybe 300 feet per second that
turns into I don't know
worst case scenario it blows the
aquarium up the pinball machine it
ricochets off kills your flat-screen TV
and then goes through the door there
makes me feel better
we hope the pinball machine over about 4
feet good Castle looks good I'm not
gonna lie whoever did the castle riding
Wow I'm ready
so if the gun don't do it we got a hand
do it does Ben thing right here Oh let's
climb the castle wall oh that's it pull
the ball Castle down so you didn't cover
the fishtank your protection
you're worried bulletproof man you're
worried over blood oh yeah that does
look like Kevlar yellow you're sure yeah
Kevlar come on Kevin yellow Kevlar so in
case you guys don't know these are two
to three blanks they were just blank
rounds they don't shoot a bullet they
don't shoot anything really still
dangerous though
still dangerous nothing you want to
leave nothing you want to play with
honey without palpable oh right yeah all
right so we had it hooked to the road
plate we want to make sure it doesn't go
through the drywall and then into the
other wall so we're gonna run a rope
around the island yes there's gonna be
the stopping the rope going to grab the
island and stop it right after it really
can't go through - yes so go to take
this that way through the castle wall
she this is the maximum distance no come
on Brit we must done lost your mind girl
can't go any further than that locking
it down lock her down baby yes I hold
anywhere I got a bad kid
but they so even though we're only
shooting from ocean with a GoPro and my
Sony requires a lot of light so even at
240 frames this is really darks we're
going to set up some extra light so I
was blowing this castle is a dangerous
mission I think the kids upstairs put
them in a private room cover their ears
we're going into the castle got it
no I think this is one of the dumbest
ideas you've ever had ever
yeah I'll take that
we're ready let's just shoot this thing
we've got lights we've got slo-mo cam we
got GoPro we've got a castle all right
guys do not try this at home I'm
assuming now I've never shot this before
but we have it pretty safe I can't hear
anything you're saying
look Bradley goes in there that's going
to come out hard hard I was like vacuum
going down yeah oh my god I think this
is such a bad idea
rah is it around your ankles really
generated matter on one wait one are you
going one are already on one three four
three two one yeah good you're great yes
you see that
surprised y'all not kidding I thought it
went all the way through we were in a
good back in the day we Norman castles
little stuff like that oh yeah you can
see the shout out it open my face says
it all in the homo cam I'm just like oh
no I thought it went some reason I
sucked the rope snapped and just went
through debris flying check our oh honey
it cracked it
ah just kidding I can't believe it
stayed on that though I thought what do
you mean only pull it up dirty oh yeah
that was sweet
you want to shoot it up piece of the
door dude I would love to shoot it very
polite uh no problem at all easy and in
a hook open so you can pull you can pull
it what my brain wasn't even working
like literally it what's doing my brains
when it's through my bedroom it's too
much the truth I think I think we try a
car door now a car door I get through a
car door nowhere ever never
I have the limo goes in I have the limo
let's go shoot the limo right now okay
during my life we got it
we gotta get through the car this uh uh
inside baby good boy
um pump pump pump pump pump bah bah bah
like freaking alien light is all done
OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP it
is so muddy listen my feet are so how
many times you get to shoot a grappling
hook ar-15 through the windshield of a
limousine Cadillac baby yeah in a
Cadillac but what's the rope tied to
your flesh ha ha ha all right I feel
like I should aim low ready ready
here we go oh ho ho oh that thing
brought my shoulder oh where is it well
you didn't go through the window at all
3 I hit the little hood thing oh I think
I heard just light bulb went through
here
oh the windshields perfect where's the
grappling uh there's a rope now there's
not a liberal conduit might be back in a
wood there's the Rope there's the Rope
there's the grappling right there where
the light is ready
you got it pull that door open oh here
we go oh I got some got your Marlin oh
yeah there you go
Oh widows gone but I was good that's
perfect
I can't believe it there's nothing like
effortlessly blows breathing whoo what a
great thing I got to go
I'll be right back I will spider-man
kiss get up here I don't know what have
is it Oh believe in I don't know what oh
I'm gonna go pick up my boy know of
those quick as I can
all right just get serious for just a
minute please
every fan Graham saying about me
hey guys going to pick up Noah which is
amazing because it's only Thursday
Thursday it is Thursday I'm going to get
knowing I got him all weekend Friday
Saturday Sunday which is amazing super
exciting for me and the family I do want
to take a second actually thank you guys
for yesterday's vlog I played a big
trick on everybody I mean it's not like
I blew up my diamond play buttons first
of all and it's not like I blow up the
diamond play buttons and never told you
guys but that would have been bad I told
you in the videos all part of the joke
the amount of people that just jumped to
the conclusion and I did it without ever
watching the video cracked me out like
people were like my viewers people that
watch me every day was just slam me like
calling me the worst names and I'm a
piece of crap and they didn't say crap
and then they watch the video and they
apologize just so funny to me how fast
people were to just jump on me like
those that did watch the whole video and
just laughed it was funny Thank You Man
you're frigging rock and here's some
more crazy blogs and to fun stuff you
know okay we're going to tell the kids
that you're not here right okay I get it
can you hear the movie he couldn't come
yeah I went but the other Kenton yeah
stinks I wish she was here too buddy I
really do what are you looking for when
you think he's just going up here
what are you doing this new strat
everybody out
they'll come dance deep I told you
nothing it's cold dude going in that is
uh that's gonna do it for our blog today
guys everyone's gone kind of warping
into the night got the house all cleaned
up and reset in a flash you look
comfortable we we had to pull all the
couch cushions off it was drivable
inside all the cracks there's a master
there's still a whole bunch against that
wall did I wake you up did I wake you up
anyway guys thank you so much for
hanging out with us today with a goofy
night that was I had fun
always have fun my brother man so lucky
to have him in my life so close to me
other than that guys that's the video I
hope you enjoyed today we will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful keep your head up be
positive don't worry about anything guys
worrying never changes the outcome I
mean it absolutely changes nothing to
worry fight to not worry I love you guys
man keep your head up be positive I love
you you're one of a kind
smile
you
