you know what better time than right now
to start this video off what's up guys
welcome to the vlog pinball fish tank
for wheeler Todd in the back after Dale
come on I need a better answer than that
he gets three things I get you're my
brother Dale it is a great intro and you
get this right Indiana's hang tough I
guess I've got the best the greatest
brother in the entire world jail at work
so we pretty much fit him
and I am let me show you what we got
going on here while we're waiting on
call Carl's coming today and we have
four wheelers lined up a trailer
dirtbike in the back and pretty much
ready for one of the craziest days that
I can think of that we've done since
last week last week we may not get to
look at a pack we did all that Sinatra
spent all this time packing all this
stuff what we may not even get to run
what else here again what else is back
here underneath that coat to the diamond
play button oh I I still can't believe
it I still can't believe this well look
who it is
get Porsche or Porsche Porsche hey man
nice to stop by I don't know guys we're
passing the river it's starting to rain
it may be some resistance on our lo idea
here I mean look
something is doing my whole life but
it's not want to like I'm committed to
this idea we're still hard ten years in
here third 10 seconds is destroyed we
have arrived on location guys I'm really
pumped
I'm really excited we got some toys out
today he's really money what's up dally
the real reason we're here is uh it's
crazy it's here tonight
oh my gosh I told you guys yesterday if
you watch yesterday's vlog I told you
that I was going to do something today
that was going to literally blow your
mind like you were gonna freak out
probably when you see the thumbnail to
this video you're like no freakin way
go extract it Oh what do you mean we're
good that's nice it matches the coat am
I going up there I feel like a good
friends would talk me out of this you
guys are all about it you know I I wish
I did hear your face I wish I could go
to the fan is it though how cool is it
to see you blow up here's the thing
here's the thing I've seen other
youtubers are destroy their play buttons
I've seen I've seen a lot of different
things done I've seen people sell their
play button so what I haven't seen is
anybody destroy a diamond play button or
with a 50 Cal yeah with a 50 Cal and I
certainly haven't seen anybody destroy
two diamond play buttons guys this one's
for the books let's go it's freaking
rain so we're going to do this quick I
was going to build this up have a bunch
of hype but we got to go right now let's
set up actually we're down there it's
like so for me I've seen how much hard
work it's taken to get these diamonds
I'm not really for it but I will
definitely watch it go down you're not
for it but you're here to destroy it no
yeah that good there oh my gosh it looks
so pretty wet though yeah that's awesome
it's the weight of this thing oh it's so
heavy oh my gosh these things are like I
don't know what oh that's good what
about that Dale I guess the real deal is
right now that not only is it raining
but the more time I think about this the
more I want to like talk myself out of
it it was gonna just explain I know I'm
going to stick to the plan we need to
just we need to just go you have to feel
the weight of this thing I really don't
you to blow it up I don't I do what I
don't have to waste the lens like every
30 seconds because there's so much rain
how's that look let's hit it
let's go I want to think about it you
want me to get post time to play button
should we do both or one at a time one
that's true Roman when this is all over
can I please just get a little corner
just a little closer the corner of it
here look a diamond floor don't shoot
the down of art I'll try to hit the side
of it
diamond play button just say go pros
rolling on to 40 so we might got to do
some slow motion what is it whoa it's
like a little very turd oh dude I'm
nervous I'm so nervous it's really bad
that we're like got to Diamond play
buttons out here but like I don't want
to get to bear it wet like yeah that's
what my concern is like it almost like
hits me was like ah maybe you should
have LEDs installed so when you open it
light shine it up like ba ba ba ba bump
bump bump bump I feel like Mark Wahlberg
right now you ever seen his movie -
diamond play buttons yeah the honest
truth is um this is a new site so we
kind of got side to side down but we
don't have up and down so we're going to
start shooting try to cite it in that
aim we're going to aim low and hopefully
climb our way up to the button so I
doubt it'll hit the first shot GoPros
roll in so if it does we got it
look how good they look out there you
got this dude oh babe she just looks
like she's ready to take down some
diamond haha everybody the ears on
Wow I was high too
oh dang it both gone dude dude it blew
up in the sky they were gone I think was
tumbling I saw both go flying crazy they
were side by side but they both
disappeared ha ha ha
it's Olly demolished it oh here's one
there it is whoa look at the holes in
the ground diamond oh my gosh sharee
make joy earrings dude this one's just
perfect it just fell down and way did he
sing hey oh wow look at the hole digging
out we got one on touch with setting it
back up we're going to do some more
shots we did get a solid hole to the
other have you seen people cut those and
put them out on their bills
no no streets they like you can love
them hole it and then they slide on
their bill it'd be like a slice on their
Oh on my windscreen so oh no so I'm
going to try to shoulder fire the 50
into the diamond play button how rare of
an opportunity that will be especially
if I hit how many rounds do I get before
I have to give it up for it
I think you go I think you just go crazy
so you can't anything go for all of them
there's no way you're going to even be
here to get 10 feet within it dude oh
man ah dat head feet high here we go
anything heavy
popcorns it's heavy forty pounds of
something
even even if you just hit the ground
around it it's close enough
record the hip adductors that hurt it
it's sir what is it there's no hit
there's no yo I'm giving you credit for
getting close though good don't worry
about his single shot hitter I had s
Bogut maybe the corner but I hate
alright guys if you have made it this
far on the vlog thank you so much mainly
because I'm sure a lot of you are so mad
at me right now not just mad at me for
destroying the play button but mad at me
for destroying something that you
personally helped me get something that
I could not get without you and we just
destroy them I really freaked out to do
this this late in this vlog because I
was afraid most people would quit
watching before I was able to show you
this and that's what's left of the
diamond play button guys this is what's
left of the have not been tricked this
doesn't even wait a minute wait a minute
wait a minute wait a minute please wait
so if these are here then boy works
great these these these are plastic
hollow this is the real heavy one that
would mean that we actually didn't shoot
the darn play buttons and they're safely
in the box still my buddy call you guys
know Carl had these maids there all Oh
in there plastic we pretended the whole
time they're heavy
oh the thing is episode if I use nothing
it weighs nothing to be honest things do
look good look this is a lot smaller
than this now the only thing that really
does think is that we still in a reveal
yesterday after we did the shooting we
actually film the reveal but the raining
somehow this never happened to me the
rain got into the mics on my camera
ruined all the footage here's a clip
here's about one of the only usable
clips that I can show you of the reveal
we actually did a review we did
this is one that I can show you but if
with the destruction they still fit in
the box let's see oh wait what what wait
wait yeah
oh and that would be why they're plastic
tops not even oh I hope you guys aren't
you mad at me right now I know watching
this mean you're prolly aimin at me
wrong here why would you do that
into something really on the chloral
came up when he actually made these we
had made so yeah the reveal stinks is
not that good and there's water in the
mic that we've sown so much more but
that is unusable like the mics just I
never had that happen before I want to
thank you right now for being such good
sports and making it to this part of the
vlog please please take a second hit
that like button for me because I know
there's going to be a lot of angry
people that don't even make it to this
part of the vlog and they're going to be
mad at me
so please and thank you in advance umm
also thanks for having fun with me guys
this is who I am
I like tricking you guys I like after
you being a part of it but I like
tricking you and I think we should do
more of that so I think we should keep
our viewers on our toes I think we
should it's fun it's fun and that was
created this is something that took a
long time we've been wanting to film
this video for a long time so thank you
for being here hit that thumbs up here
is the rest of the vlog and basically
I'm starting where the mics started to
clear up basically when we got inside I
love you guys thank you how bad we
didn't want to do this video for so long
mama to the rescue it's not for me it's
not for me
well so far we've uh we've taken down
multiple trees we've shot two plastic
diamonds but it's again a skin is work
cut out I have a new idea
all right okay concrete service for
jackhammer you put the barrel down
you're right yeah I don't say don't ever
try that hammer waiting for our clothes
dry they're still wet we got to go night
the chocolate feels so good in there
guys don't get in a drug I'm just and it
feels good right here I can take in too
we made we made it home guys we did it
hey hey baby hey you didn't even hear me
hey cane come on you guys sleeping aha
I see you flash
there's my baby get up here how's my boy
my geez always missed okay I need to get
personal we got to talk personal this is
this is serious stuff now we've had fun
today we played our gags that fooled you
guys or at least tried to what what do
you mean oh I didn't show them this okay
you guys know my can cannon a thing that
shoots the camp they make over there
Eddie this goes in the can opens it's a
catapult I mean it's uh what does that
call not a catapult
no what is it it's a it's a grappling
hook like ninja movies the shoot they
catch on to the edge of the building
King and then you tie a rope here you
tie a rope here and then you just climb
up the rope yeah we got to break that
would you it can be like real life
spider-man we can totally shoot it like
one he said we have no spiders and we
can't climb out building so please let
me do it right thing okay I got to tell
him get your stuff your fixer talking
about prunes you should have deep prune
I haven't and I'm worried
Brittney's I've been making me stuff I
mean I think we've showed him in the
blog that she makes these subs and
they're unbelievable but the problem
my life ah it is yourself your sub made
me not be able to go to the bathroom
right I didn't care how I'm willing to
admit that the problem is my addiction
to be stuff so when I headed at night I
sit there and I eat me subs like they're
small and I can just keep eating them do
you do know I'm not putting that moment
now they're prunes they should be good
what can we do some they already look
juicy yeah Oh God III always like let me
find the bottom of trash can penis is
there a feed in it no oh just looking a
slob the tape barrel slog I'm home safe
everything went well today
thanks for not upset I hope you I hope
you still love me it was a fun joke joke
see you thanks them yeah I didn't tell
me I did tell him what was the play what
Anita that was it plastic it was hollow
we had to pretend like it was heavy it
weighs nothing
ah it was a fun day my worry was like
everybody's going to see the thumbnail
and obviously you're not going to
believe it yes it's just whatever he's
tricking us but then you watch the video
you truly I mean up or probably half
this vlog is like us destroying the play
button alright so I'm like happy you may
not even make it to the point where I
say yes it's big I like I like the
mystery I like I like trying to for you
but but also telling you it's fun that
is our vlog for today guys thanks for
hanging out please hit that like button
for me today I know there's going to be
a lot of people that may have disliked
the video before they finished watching
it and may not even seen the reveal and
I didn't actually destroy them button so
hit that like for me we absolutely love
you thanks for being here thanks for
being part of our craziness and we'll
see them on beautiful one of our time
smile more
you
