you
we're almost there guys we've been
waiting all day watch is gonna go down
we did it came you can't even catch me
if you wanted to boom
it's not what I wanted to start the blog
but we've been waiting all day for that
just to turn over good job good job good
job man good job that's an appropriate
cup good job Rob you're just gonna wake
up that's gonna be in your bed so here
we are again thanking you guys 11
million it seems like I've seen tweets
it like didn't we just hit 10 million
yesterday that's that's really what it
feels like this was a really quick
million if you're subscribed thank you
so much we're just getting our vlog
started and we have one job today and
that is to take down this Christmas tree
that that one right there all right
we'll get our boots our coat on Dale has
something to help me take this tree now
what is it hey I got I got the tools for
the job I got the tools for the job
Wow guys it is like it's like brisk cold
I wonder what the temperature is it's
gotta be in the single digits all right
what you got fire I got what you need
this will get the problem taken care of
oh that I got your change you need to
take down a tree
it's faint tree I did it look oh my god
Oh
honey dot it dude anybody can carve ice
how many people carve pumpkins dude
pumpkin ice carving see people carve ice
and they carve pumpkins but nobody
carves frozen pumpkins dude we're
honestly that's a new thing
here's the deal I like your idea yeah
it's bad
that's I'm a big fan of that but it's a
fake tree and it's really expensive tree
I don't think we should cut it maybe you
could look at me being responsible maybe
you could uh just like make Brittany
think you can take it in and pretend
yeah I love that and be like Dale Dale
brought me over what we need to take the
tree down I love that let's do that
should we make predictions of what she's
gonna say she's gonna say no it's Mike
what do you mean Roman that's a fake
tree you can't cut that down for the
first time ever Brittany and I might be
on the same page Brittany's in her
office with Jess right now I think we
should do is I should be like Mike Brent
we're taking the tree down she's gonna
make okay and then I should start the
chainsaw yeah yeah perfect
does this make it so you can like get
cut or something yeah so if the chainsaw
blade hits this there's like Kevlar
fiber or whatever and it stops the saw
it just goes it chain proof vests I got
proof exactly my hats coming off pretty
meticulous you need a legit coat either
fine this is like more deck
is it hot on here you record yeah honey
honey I'm gonna Dylan are going to take
the tree down cool all right sweet
is awesome
hilarious Caitlyn
we're gonna go Kim over the good idea
take the tree on phenox then to that
tree was are you a tree out back right
yeah so much is that we're gonna take
the tree down but we just go cut
something out back uh that's two cycle
get two cycle gasoline yes we'll miss um
we're gonna go in and check on the kids
make sure that tree comes down tonight
baby I love you
she didn't say don't do it she just said
it's expensive it's true well it's so on
oh yeah you don't even need a coat you
know all right so we're gonna go
ahead and tell the kids that we're gonna
change all the tree down even though
we're not I think that's a good idea
great plan Roman oh did you scare them
to death
all right let's not do it I'm going with
your thought cuz that's a really bad
idea
I mean I bet they lock the door - I bet
they're they were well planned dude they
were they were eating ice cream and junk
food all right we're taking the tree
down you guys ready he's ready to say
timber you gotta say timber before Falls
okay o-tama then remember to notch the
front and then take it from the back
notch the back and then okay got it
gotta go
okay dude I cut the tree down that's how
that's what it's come to is that
everything I do is so actually
believable that maybe my dad would do
that I'm not gonna cut it down here's
the real deal we are we are gonna take
this tree down tonight however you guys
you guys actually might be disappointed
in me I'm not gonna jump I'm not gonna
ride a bike in two I'm not gonna take
the RC and pull it down I'm not going to
risk destroying this tree and this is
why careful yeah no no no no no no no
the deal is this tree is extremely
expensive like it is way too expensive
for even me to want to destroy it so
we're gonna save it this year yeah look
how many decorations are we're done Todd
took the ladder so what I think Dale's
gonna have to do is push from the back
I'll stand in the front and it should
just come down put your crashing through
the floor into the basement no we won't
hit the fan all right if my math is
correct we should be able to just tip
that tree over everyone can laugh at me
anytime I get hurt you understand I'm
gonna stand boy Oh see that's love it's
love I know you do ah okay
without further ado we're gonna tip this
baby over now here's my worry here's my
worry guys you see this way this tree is
designed by the way it's fake tree is if
you didn't know the bars fall down so if
it falls and these go down you break the
hinges ah I don't want to break the
hedges being such a baby about this I
know here we go guys the absolute
opposite way to take the tree down
you're supposed to take each piece from
the top all the way to the bottom down
but we're just gonna go for this
all right all my okay into the couch
this trees so legit they actually put
bark on it I know he made it look like
bar that's what I'm saying it's oh wait
a minute sure
all done done whoa you've been oh no no
no I think one of the kids may pulled it
out we did a good job look down here
look at the cut look how good the cut is
you knocked down that suit look at the
cut look at fella look it fell on one of
the kids but he's fine
and I don't understand this it's
supposed to go in these bags - okay well
I want to fought it but there they are
every single Pete look how much space
you need just for the bags amazing Kane
look how much room we have for the vibe
dude
lots of space yeah you could literally
do this whole section once this is gone
yeah we can open up the whole floor
I just
I just trying to remember this moment
where you swept the floor hahaha
teamwork makes the dream work baby look
at this we got our carpet back we have
like a serious rebuild of this house
there's so much stuff everywhere get my
pinball machine back over and uh so in
yesterday's vlog we got this box guys
and it actually came from the same place
came from the same place set our diamond
play but we have not opened it yet so
don't open it you can open maybes for
you it's not really not for me it's just
really weird because I like I'm not
expecting anything but I know there's a
box it's really gold oh that's me an
award oh yeah I forgot about this is so
long ago what okay funny story I want a
Streamy Award for pranks 2016 but here's
the funny thing even funnier than that
you guys know 2014 worked my butt off
and pranks dude I mean I I lived pranks
2015 i slayed it that's all I did I
tried so hard to do big pranks never won
both years never won 2016 are
practically quit pulling pranks all
together and I went in a ward for pranks
but it's all good I don't go it'll go
get on the shock laughter sooo kinda
looks like a woman I have to superglue
that on there but that looks like a
woman to you oh it's a one man it's both
it's we got it all right there it could
be a man it could be a girl cuz a girl
for the one right so the plaque has to
be for both right looks more girlish I
agree to slim that slim narrow face um
head wide hit the chest definitely
resembles maybe a female um yea wide
hips right hips I finish I always like
she's wearing a skirt well either way
I'm happy to have it it is cool it'll
look good on our on our collection
so weird it's been so long when was that
a workshop I don't even remember the
award show I didn't participate the one
year I did not participate I didn't go
we want so uh so I tweeted out a picture
of Flash and I asked you guys to just
put this picture like put flash in funny
situations and places it was just such a
funny picture flash I had tears in my
eyes just laughing I was like I gotta
post this so you guys you guys took it
into your own hands
and came up with some absolutely
ridiculous photos so here we go I'm
going to show you some of these I told
you I'd feature some of them okay this
is the original picture of Flash
literally standing on the back porch
looking up at nothing I I don't know
what he was looking at but he did
remember this picture and look at this
one is that awesome okay this one's just
awesome like somebody did a really good
job on this that is the literally flash
standing on the porch like that that one
was from theis CICE uh thank you that is
amazing I believe I can fly as I say
jetpack flash jetpack ballerina flash is
that what that would be but this is a
you know flash just checking out the
monster truck we had this is from our
backyard this actually happened at our
house and Flash's checking it out oh I
mean what can I say flash is a good
swimmer I think mine might be a good
swimmer
it's just flash casually cruising
through town he always does this you
know we got um abducted flash flash
going up to the UFO this is fair ride
flash run swings I love that ride by the
way we've got a flash who has um looks
like he's heading up to heaven we've got
um not the actual picture flash but this
is flash this is pretty impressive Wow
this is uh you know flash just ordering
some food no big deal
super flash this is a picture me
at the circus with flash oh if you told
you we went there that one looks pretty
real man
somebody did a good job I never vlogged
it but this is a flash and I playing
golf the other day had a great time
pair the the Atwood troopers a bunch of
flash dogs just parachuting through this
guy this flash diving out in front of a
white GTR
a little high dive action it's a flash
it some smile more business meetings no
big deal I uh I think this goes without
saying guys you are the best you are the
greatest I got the best viewers in the
entire world hands down I put that out
there and you just you you had us
cracking I'd even capture the real just
family laughter from all the pictures
you guys sent us so thank you so much
for participating that I think we should
do more things like that Photoshop
contest when I say Photoshop doesn't
mean they have to use Photoshop just
kind of like a vague term that I use to
like chops pictures up so we love you
guys so much thank you for the support
11 million subs and forgive me for not
destroying this Christmas tree I hope
that a lot of you actually understand
this was a very expensive tree and I
just I even me the guy that will trash
the limo and trash things for
entertainment didn't want to destroy
this tree so yeah
forgive me for that it was still a lot
of work flash doing a beach ball
basketball always playing with a with a
seal
sea lion that is seal either way guys
thank you for absolutely every year so
much every day that I just feel like I
have to spend so much time thanking you
guys for for what you do for us here as
a family so we love you thank you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
