welcome to the vlog guys hope you're
feeling good I'm just waking up it
doesn't look like it but I'm a zombie
right now look at this play these guys
ready three two one blast off
oh you sleeping with flash he's that
will wake you up I'll wake you up for
waking me up all the time you wanna know
why I'm so excited you want to know why
I'm so excited the warning
good morning mom oh god he's gonna cook
this week so I gotta go by who
ready excited I I gotta go I gotta go
out here come on Zeus come with me
Kane I'll be right back something came
in I'm really excited about it here's
the reason I'm up today the only reason
I'm up right now I literally would be
asleep right now from editing and okay
Lucy Lucy let me see let me see
flash let me see get me eight oh my god
it's freezing huh come on come on come
on come on come on come on where's this
everybody Eddie you ready this way this
way this way go get it Go Go Go
hi guys so here it is this is why I'm so
excited right here look how much dog
hair I got dude take a dog after you
guys one sec give me all this yes once
then
uh-oh when you tell me to hold it wait
what is that body a body
crimes tool so oh no awesome
Oh what what is that I don't know it's
whoever shipped those diamond play
buttons really yeah
hole get to that it's not very happy
that's really weird okay hope you're
having a great day I'm really excited
about this and now I'm completely
wondering what that is because that is
who sent our diamond play button so
that's weird
Zippity doo-dah mole I know what this is
do you know what this is it's a bison
it's a brand new bicycle for me for you
you get oh you're gonna ramp with it oh
you can ramp oh wow fires case you don't
know about 30-some vlogs if I went to
floor in an atom LZ made me a custom BMX
bike it's actually his brand his bike
check that out says LZ in the bag I
freaking love this thing I'm so excited
get it looks like he said look he sent
you some flash look look happy birthday
it's not your birthday what are those
for Eason you gummy gummy bears this
must be for your office Brit oh great I
don't I don't know what you doing dude
but you sent me all kinds of weird stuff
here mom aw come here
this is Mama's that's what this is let's
let's crown her Mama's the queen of the
city
Paula's baby out painting so pretty it's
like one of them bikes it's so nice you
don't want to ride it because it's look
we go pretty it is it's gold that better
stay in the garage mister what I better
not feed outside school in our bedroom
Adamson's gigas Adam sent you a ladle
zip tie this makes you smile more there
again here's a box with zip ties and
something in it oh dude you know he says
pumpkin seeds yeah that's a fungus
means we can plant some pumpkins yeah
yeah and give him this popsicle bag look
at my little mr. handyman there furball
baby I can do it all you know look at
that look at that
that's a swivel technique right there oh
this is looking at you like you're crazy
the actual day Adam gave me this bike he
took me to the skate park why do you
guys probably member this case you don't
he taught me how to do a 360 like a full
360 on a BMX bike now I used to do them
in the past barely but with Adams help I
did it in like what seven tries six
tries
mm here we are at the skate park we're
not leaving until I land or at least
come close to landing at 360 there you
go I mean you you showed six or seven
tries in a blog we don't really know
that's how many I draw so are you
enjoying your ice cream over there look
how he's standing flash you're so
strange very careless towards your
fingers cut the tape right here perfect
you know what those are yep those are
pedals and pegs you have pegs on your
bike Cana item should make like a
toddler version of this be sick Adam get
on it boy kids watch your videos sis you
don't sound very manly over there
squeaking that little ball honey are you
sure you got that on there correct
actually it's not backwards or anything
this cable should be in the front oh oh
you're fixing today uh oh he shortened
it he fixed it for me see that side
smile my bike yeah as on the front - oh
is it yeah you sure you know how to put
the tire on and what you question me
because what if that tire falls off by
Orion is probably be really bad right oh
look at this guilty dog / did you
already get a whole one minute
flashy okay I got the area cleaned up a
little bit I think like traditionally
with this bike every time I get it out I
should have to do something with it
because it's a sweet bike I can totally
get hurt on this bike I'm old school so
I don't know this new BMX stuff but I do
know the classic like the traditional
stuff I think I should ramp off
something like maybe this counter do you
remember all that money's found those
ramps that are sitting outside yeah but
it's cold it's snowy it's icy on it it's
been up snow tires and I'm not ramping
I'm just dropping I don't have a drop
off outside guys you know I'm right here
you know I'm right look can't ride out
there it's like a Antarctica blast off
what are mom's thinking they're thinking
I'm glad he's not my boy I'm glad he's
not my house I better come on let's go
let's just see what it looks like let me
see if I feel cuz it may be too high for
me look that's like seven or eight
hundred foot tall if you're an aunt
honey are you I'm using my tub
Horrible's from Christmas - you want the
handlebars too far back way too far back
I need to push them forward here to get
your handy dandy tool kit out yeah are
you picking on me
you need picked on yeah I think I do the
picking I think it's because if you want
something you can put it together but
when I need something you have no idea
what you're doing
it's a bike it's like four bolts you
want like countertop
put in the wall see I'll destroy the
whole I think I got this oh my gosh what
if you bust your head on the floor
didn't you get the laugh at me why don't
you put a hole in elaborate room and if
you guys you want straight to the
basement oh my gosh look you have to
hold these Oh
what if you um I don't have enough speed
up in my head look just gonna try
there's no running space like I'm
literally just like you're not hop off
if you were gonna do a drop you'd have
some speed and then the drops really
easy you just you soar like a plane and
you you hit the runway right there can't
go anywhere like nowhere so this is a
bad idea
yeah what for an inexperienced bike
rider yeah okay for Adam he would be
like you know I'm just gonna do a tail
whip off this countertop real quick I
don't know why he's talking like that
you guys can't be in here it's not safe
for you to be inside right now
honey I think you have a shoe out here
how many let's take some alone Oh what
about zip ties use your zip tie it up
like this one is it zip tied up like oh
you're helping who did that by the way
if it's a zip tie I did it duck Kate
look plush okay I believe I can fly
why is he doing having here's me
laughing at him he's so serious yeah but
this is a good idea you came up with
how's it tired see you're helping me now
Oh cuz I don't want to light broken
that's the only reason yep think about
me or my safety it'll be like that for
three months oh then it would be all
right up I'm just trying to lean in so
my shoulder didn't hit see your arm I
think that's better if I bring it up I'm
gonna hit always no thank you about to
fall off this side of the counter
something on your chin it's called manly
facial hair
are you sure sure sure 100% you ready
here's the thing no I'm not ready but I
want to do something this bike and I'll
guide you
I knew all side
plow the drop-off i wayan riding the
dress I'm gonna miss plow we there's one
of the issues so for my head is alright
if I pop up at all just because just
from talking the front end up like I
would if I was doing this these there
yep somebody's ready to go oh yeah that
wasn't as bad as I thought see now you
end up with a little hoppity hop no way
now what rip map now go outside I'll get
my next trick no you didn't want that's
enough no more tricks no more just want
a little trick ok next trick maybe not
today alright now today I have to learn
to do a 360 on flat ground
no jump that's been a dream of mine
since I was 18 months old honey and you
have to really rotate really sound like
you're bringing the health sound so much
fun Adam thank you for the bike buddy
seriously I can't wait til you come up
we're gonna collab you guys um
definitely want a collab with us -
because he's gonna I'm sure we could amp
things up a bit we should do it when we
have snow she says like now no no more
snow than that oh you know I will be
believe that rope job though look at
that that's real handyman like don't let
handyman fool you that is handy man
right there you know it's crazy mister
school I don't know if I ever tell you
at one point in my life probably fifteen
years old I thought that my career was
professional be a mess that's really
what I thought I was going to do like
that was my dream I never thought I
loved filming like that was what I love
to do but I thought that I was gonna be
moving I said her that's so funny when
you pretty much have to be professional
yeah no no BMX was different when
seriously when I was growing up BMX was
so different now if you're not doing
like triple backflips at 15 your yeah
love that bike so much - for two -
tricks successfully done the counter
jump and the 360 what's next tell me in
the comments what do I have to do on
this bikes next I know what everybody's
gonna say but be real be real I can't do
a track we gotta get that foam pit we
got to get that foam pad been talking
let's just thinking you need a foam see
she's on board you got nerve darts I
need Nerf darts there's boxes over there
these kids want to sit in their room all
day and play video games okay I'm gonna
take care of that this box huh this is
no well this should be enough where's
the big nerf machine gun I had okay I
got to sneak up there and get it should
be easy
no bump bump bump bump bump bump bump
potatoes potatoes look at this thing
what yeah oh I can just do one these are
these Nerf darts oh I ordered a whole
bunch of I know it looks like it is nice
yeah those are perfect oh wait you got
to use the yellow one in this gun oh you
don't
are you picking over here oh this is
daddy take over get off the video games
do you think you're cool dad oh come on
dad yeah I'm not fun I said cool I don't
think I'm cool I'm Dorothy
really you think you're dorky yeah I'll
keep it down if you want the store under
30 they already saw me up there like
what are you doing with my love hey you
know how to load this thing yeah
no thing or two about guns maybe yeah
doesn't even have batteries good yeah I
put batteries in it last night day
before me me to be your film ma'am
film crew let's go eat let's go hon some
gamer balls very very quiet
I'm gonna run oh we sure showed them
baby
we sure taught them a lesson I bet
they're not gonna play video games all
day now oh that thing ain't hang that up
next month I got you okay guys we've uh
we've come to a mutual agreement today
that we're going to make a very short
vlog and actually get a whole bunch of
stuff done you know we're we're kind of
in over our head with business I'm so
forgive us I hope you're having a
wonderful day please smash that like
button for more BMX tricks that out of
my league I want to do things that
aren't easy like I want to do things
that challenge myself if you want to see
one of those hit that like button for me
thank you for supporting us even on
short vlogs day was fun though like her
I had such a great day we love you guys
thank you so much for the support and
love and I guess instead of skipping the
vlog we at least uploaded something for
you today so I hope you understand that
thank you for everything
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
