well welcome to the vlog guys how are
you it's breakfast time Noah's in here
just killing it I made the sausage we're
rolling here it's uh it's a you got to
eat that egg to that got covered in
cheese wait what give it a flippin boy
get it nice oh you yeah you cooked that
one trash trash trash always lots of
trash hope you guys are having a great
day we're just getting our started
Brittany should be coming in any second
from smile more and we are up we got
some things to do today we got what we
need to get the the red quad fixed you
guys know I pop the back rear tire on
the right quads we're gonna take that
over hopefully get that fixed we got
some snow which means we got the hot dog
to blow up we got the other inner tube
to blow up oh yeah we got out how's your
sandwich cuz you made this all by
yourself
bagel and so yeah guys welcome uh we're
staying out right now kind of wait for
it to be done and we get our days
alright oh I hate seat belts sometimes
good warp over take the Quebec look how
it's leaning from the flat tire looks so
sad back there and cold you already
started the blog today yeah yeah where
you been for last two days
everybody's wondering everyone's asking
you think Cannes Kim I I couldn't find
mine some reason every day I leave Mike
in the same spot I woke up this morning
couldn't find it so I'm using Cannes the
one Kayne wrote his name on I like your
camera cane dawn my uh
your grandpa and then I went spend some
time
ah he's at the nursing home he's got to
do therapy pretty much get healthy
enough to go home in case you don't know
maybe weeks and weeks and weeks ago I
told you guys in the vlog that her
grandpa was some bad things had come up
and it could be cancer and they did find
cancer and they they think that they've
removed it all which is absolutely
amazing Britney's been spending time
there and doing a whole bunch other
things so that's not more store baby
they told me these were plot proof tires
see if it even starts I like I have an
empty case of 50 BMG ammo come on baby
can you do it it's so muddy guys I feel
bad bringing it it's price so cold like
a glove look at that tire squared like a
tank
they're gonna fix it they're gonna fix
it easy breezy
he said them have it done today maybe
that's pretty fast what what's that face
for what is that what doesn't work what
are they
it's a worm why is there worms on the
floor it was in the site it was on the
sidewalk ill look is it fake I think
it's the collar I think it's the color
this doesn't look real
what are these worms are delicious go go
hey so we got her yeah we got to run
into like a farm supply store I got a
funny story about the quad if Zeus then
all flash yeah oh that is this entire oh
it isn't but we get the whole family
yeah look here's Roman I was just about
to say the same thing about you oh
there's Brit in the morning my gosh this
looks like the turtle that does their
like huh have you seen that video I
don't know so here's my store I'm gonna
make it quick about Russia sorry can we
get a blowtorch it's just a common
question here you remember when don't
set that there you can put your wallet
there and forget it oh yeah I'm never
gonna tell this story alright maybe a
couple months ago Dale and I lit off I
don't know how many thought maybe 3000
bottle rocket how many thousands was it
I forget we use the flamethrower at the
end we still had gas in the flamethrower
so I had to empty that gas that gas is
mixed with diesel fuel so had a gas can
empty I was like I'm gonna put it back
in here and then I can put it back in
the flamethrower whenever I need it I
ended up forgetting about it and putting
that tank which had diesel fuel and gas
mixed into that brand-new red Honda I
had to cut my air compressor hose that I
can siphon all the gas out of the gas
tank and mix new gas into the gas what
exactly duh long story short I messed up
had to drain the whole tank put new gas
in it and now I need a new nozzle to
fill up our tires I know it doesn't even
make sense do you know how many how many
power strips do we have at that house a
10 do we have like it looks like a
Walmart of power strips in our house
okay but we're standing at welding
supplies
this is welding supplies this isn't even
air compressor air compressor here's
what we need right here and I need the
attachments
we'll get the green one okay Green's
fine you guys like green yeah you like
that one
you look like you're a pyro trying to
figure out a math question I am a
five-year-old tranfer guys know I'm
trying to figure this goes onto the hose
and then the hose goes into the air
compressor this is like a kid it does it
all sausage are you sure you don't need
anything else honey you're forgetting
something oh ma yes you are a big
component component helmet huh good at
all are you sure yes a hundred percent
in this aisle a hundred percent yes I
thought me talking like that would mean
like I'm smarter than you and I know
something you know it made me question
my like maybe I am forgetting something
I think this will do it
are you sure so guys what happened was
to clarify this ridiculous story I ended
up having to cut my original hose which
was only ten foot long five foot long it
was really short cutting it here so that
I could suck the gas out of gas tank do
that again so now you have a 50 foot
hose well that way you can write all the
way out of the garage we can pump up
stuff in the driveway cane they got your
beds on sale dude 999 oh if I can or I
would love this system like this big one
you would love to do that the question
is are we having a boy or a girl don't
get what we were having this soon five
more weeks five more weeks just kip-up
where's my boys at what's up Zeus
what's the flesh okay so we're back home
if you guys miss yesterday's vlog we did
this crazy RC sledding and it worked
really well but look check this out I
put a I put a front light I put a front
light on it and check this out tail
lights dude for nighttime this is like
okay so when you're driving it win-win
when you taking it out definitely check
out your streets bug if you didn't see
it it was such a fun I don't know why
but it just stuck to me is one of my
favorite things we've ever done probably
just because it's our scene
this kid what are you doing super going
us back the sticker we're gonna eat real
quick unfortunately we gets dark so darn
early but it looks like we'll be playing
in the dark I think my brother and the
whole family's coming over his kids so
we're gonna go out by Bernie's kids
energy go crazy little Empire vegetable
soup baby who are you loving life right
now flash are you just loving like heads
buried in me so not only did soot or
flash chew all the foam out but it's
frozen yeah it is time we're all fed
we've eaten Dale and his kids are here
we're gonna bust out this hot dog Hot
Diggity Dog look at that chunk of ice
that looks fun for sure let's do this
he's huge
this is what real fun looks like right
there a big flat hot dog yes yes yes
oh my gosh that's gonna be so fun
big red went to the shop today as you
guys know to get Tyra fix we're breaking
out the LTZ and there's not that much
snow so it's only two wheel drives it'll
be fine in this amount of snow Oh hot
cocoa all right everybody fall on
checking it back
everybody keep an eye on each other
someone falls off yo I can't believe we
talked you into this you better hold on
oh come on down run run there we go
to the dogs did come on Zeus come on the
under look flash wants the ride
do you one want to be
absolutely getting the most out of our
snow we don't have a ton but it's still
fun you gotta run
you gotta get on get huh go go go
okay don't okay oh man down
man they'll go they'll go well of course
your dad being an amateur vlogger that
he has missed the first crash of the
night how's it feel how you feeling
right now
issue he went knee first into a hole
over here can't really see it Wow
just keep walking off dude walk it off
for a moment you were just holding onto
the bat with two hands just dragging his
body pretty awesome I don't know if the
hotdogs as fun as the extra one or two
because you don't slide sideways like
it's not a drifter but as close as all
the kids can play and I like when you
pull off yeah cuz your knee gets all
jacked up
yeah I'm fun out here oh you gonna sleep
good gosh what did you find you just dig
up a treasure huh it's freezing and
bubbling at the same time but oh because
it's carbonated carbonated water is
about 30 seconds to free is solid yeah
that's crazy
thirty Seconds to freeze it's cold dude
home alone ice tonight picture snaps up
call the pizza man put a sprinkler on
your back steps and just let it be
wicked hey I think we're gonna get
fogged up here let's try it
Brett you know what come ride the hot
dog the hot diggity dog mom
I didn't mean it
we're about to have a shadow puppet
competition never seen before
so far there is that I don't know what
that is I don't know what it is
ah now I messed up because I said I
think you're the Alfred Hitchcock Alfred
Hitchcock intro yeah I got one a bunch
that looks like a bunny did doesn't look
like a bunny
Debra rivers projector in a really
really old game that we played when we
were little kids I wonder when this game
came out we can find out look at this
this is our original Sega Genesis oh ma
yes yo that's not bad dust for like 20
years
yeah and this thing works does it work I
don't know wait he brought over an old
Sega now I remember the actual reason we
got the Sega because it had this four
player adapter was like one of the first
things I remember being able to play
four players so we got it in this game
general chaos
I'm scared even pop it out yeah don't
don't pop it in this game right here
really was fun I mean we spent a lot of
time with it dad used to play with us
yeah it was the hit so here's the game
it's basically one of the first
multiplayer war games that I remember
it's for players you each have two
people and you run around and try to
destroy so I started to play I can't
play with one hand but you see the
concept oh we got a oh he got me
still the JIT it's good it's still fun
you got the TNT guy the flamethrower guy
machine gun bazooka
fire no okay there's always close combat
so you Duke it out it's Dale verse me
right now I'm blue I'm blue guy I'm
getting oh oh yeah I gotta get a haircut
so bad look at this mess you should have
saw it when you took your beanie off
probably actually I probably did film
some with it we had an awesome night
here's the yawn
here comes the yarn box ion's knees all
day long I don't know you learned it to
me I think you'll become allergic to the
dog or something maybe pregnancy is like
making y'all I mean crazy crazy is a
pretty normal word for we had an awesome
night man we hung out with the the
family we played games and we kind of
burn up a lot of times really late it's
like one of the more nice stuff to edit
this whole vlog because we have to get
up in the morning and wow we're trying
to secretly book our vacation yeah we
are booking a vacation with that it's
actually a lot of you guys call it a
holiday we call it a vacation but yeah
we're trying to go like on you guys
remember how we usually do like a whole
family thing um so we're trying to do
that all night tonight too so it's good
to have you back it's good to have you
back right honestly she's like two days
I was like you haven't been in the vlog
like she's we were doing a lot but I was
like I'm just doing stuff with the kids
I'm filming I realize like you know like
like see for a second or it's like weird
like taking care of stuff or like yeah
it's been a little tough it's been a
little hectic guys like I'm gonna be
honest with you like creating the vlogs
of the last few days it's been like I
mean it's just been me and the boys
which is awesome like that's our day
uh-oh good time with my grandma my crown
we have things that like we don't put on
camera um you know medical stuff weather
with her family it's like night not
something we put the camp like hey how
you feeling like I don't want to do that
but other than that um it's been great
and it's been a great day so thank you
guys for joining us
hope you're feeling good I hope you're
robbed I hope you're staying positive I
know it's hard it's tough it's hard on
everybody like it's not easy not anybody
it's just life there's so many things
being thrown at us every day like don't
don't get down if you're if you're upset
a little bit like it's just life is the
as part of her life we love you guys so
much we will try to help you stay
positive every single day and we love
you you're beautiful you're one of a
kind it's mama
you
