oh okay we gotta guys come no no no no
this way this way welcome to the vlog
guys finally got the new drone out and
I'm starting today's vlog exactly where
I left off yesterday got my boys out
there playing in the snow as a now we
just need more of it is like not enough
it's like right in the middle so welcome
guys here we are I got this guy out and
now look I'm not drunk like I don't
claim to be good at flying drones in
fact I'm terrible I will say unless I'm
doing it wrong the gimbals really loose
on this one like it's really kind of I
don't know it's awesome I just don't
know if I like it as much as my uh my
white one a big one we've honestly been
so busy last couple days we've been
lucky to have a vlog at all so thanks
for hanging out with us uh basically
thanks for hanging out with us when the
vlogs aren't so exciting and they're
just kind of laid-back go go go
you shoveling the driveway boy flash
you're crazy dude he's crazy I he's made
400 jeez it's just no denying his dog is
made for the snow he loves it he goes
crazy in it yeah you you you can't get
it out Noah wants the this this car has
a golden key the key is gold and it's
stuck in that you probably yank the
wheel a wheels probably locked well the
reason I got the other one I just took
it off the little staying circle thing
we should camp in this car
24-hour campout when I was building the
ramps if you guys missed the vlog we
were ramping over this limo when I was
building at the weight of the dirt just
the dirt alone broke all the windows out
boom yes we got the golden key boys all
those Charlie hang it up in your room
did then pass everything in this cars
band you always stick these logos off
and send them to to two of our viewers
you guys want the caddy logos oh there's
one in the back - it's pretty cool yeah
these would be fun to give away they're
nice also just so you know this car has
been out here for how long did it maybe
ten days or something look the lights
are still
go on please Henry take it up some tall
you gotta cut it really yeah cuz it's
like a safe theft proof steph proof
eddie snow flip human flip you in flip
challenge nice
you said you couldn't do it one haha
that's more like it
that's a perfect snow angel
that's weasels you need help okay I'm
coming in let's see if we fog up when we
come in it's gonna get foggy it's not
1998 Cadillac limo key yeah
I can't you express when you're sitting
in this chair with that headset on and
this is what you're seeing dude it is
terrifying where you go you actually
feel like you're sitting in a car does
it feel like it's crazy makes you dizzy
like it does it all that what that
Turtles are ready Zeus you ready to burn
some energy dogs
oh he's pushing all night darling ready
watch out watch out oh he is so ready oh
my gosh
this is awesome get flashed trying to
get it
he's not even chasing it getting lazy I
think I Jack the camera out with that
one
look you sees his face this your frozen
dude oh yo it is a different type of
snow look at this truck yo it's like
caked not too bad I get a serious real
idea Kayne what if we try to pull you on
a sled with the RC you want to try I
think I can Doug do it right here and
just pull you across the porch I'm gonna
go look for a slickest our slickest sled
gotta find a sled dogs sled dogs that's
yeah we set these really slick boogie
boards I got these but they're like huge
and it's like vinyl it's not super slick
you know what actually works really well
cardboard like a sheet of cardboard you
slide really well here it is dude I
probably got this boogie board look how
disgusting is if I got this boogie board
in the Carolinas years years ago
oh it's slick much did I think it's
gonna pull you no problem it's just
gonna be like weight on the truck cross
that porch I think unfortunately the
best start because I have traction
inside I don't think the tires will grip
out here maybe she's gonna have to have
weight to the truck who wants to go
first all right guys here's our first
test keen is setting up for his first
run it's gonna be hard with the stalks
that
Wow it blows them no problem that I have
no traction I'm just spinning you can
see the burnout marks look edit a box of
shotgun shells this is a really heavy
box I mean the truck squatting almost
all the way to the ground okay
I've officially strapped all the way to
the truck it's really about traction at
this point we already know it can do it
here we go I'm not even boy crying oh my
god like nothing this is RC sledding
check this out
Eddy can alright here's the ultimate
test Noah is 80 pounds 70 all right it's
all about traction man I should screw a
bunch of screws into the tires you can't
even see the truck it's got you it's got
you
it's got you yes yes yeah already hang
on now you go on Oh like nothing
that is amazing I would never ever go I
thought that an RC could pull you with
that weight that is amazing dude I never
ever ever thought this thing I mean it's
a beast it's a lot of weight when I came
home I thought that was like a weird RC
with the top on it
oh my gosh nothing's gonna hit the
dumpster I cannot believe that our C's
pulling him like nothing I'm barely even
it's just truck whoa oh my gosh you're
making me nervous
hi oh come pick you up that's amazing
oh geez trampled fest that was
absolutely amazing amazing it does live
here alright guys that is going to do it
for our blog today I am so sorry it's so
short we are finally all caught up on
everything that we should that we should
we should be back on track Britney has
had so many things she has to do with
the store and other things that we just
day we're not filming on camera will
explain it tomorrow tomorrow I hope
other than that I had an absolute blast
my kids today that snow and our see
things like a dream to me Keaney like
imagine me at five years old and just
being flung around on an RC truck like
wow this may not be the last time we see
this I love this idea and I think we can
do something with it we will see you
tomorrow the street continues we're on
close to like 40 vlogs in a row and it
feels good to be back even though when
I'm doing the streak and I'm trying to
keep the streak going I do find myself
vlogging less interesting things I find
myself vlogging guy I feel like three
vlogs in a row now been kind of like
because we have so much to do but if I
wasn't worried about keeping the streak
going I would take a couple days off to
make sure that the vlogs coming up we're
awesome and cool and fun I'm just being
honest with you guys
everyday vlogs you do you do kind of
fall into the quantity over quality
where I've always liked quality over
quantity so I don't know I know you guys
say like all the vlogs either way and
maybe maybe that's true just me mentally
I'm like I want to create bigger things
and funner things and I don't know tell
me what you guys think I've had an
absolute blast filming every single day
it has been great we absolutely love you
here at our house and I hope you're
feeling good hope you're having a great
day and I hope whether you're going to
bed or just waking up good night or good
morning
we love yet you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile more
you
