goodbye New York welcome to the vlog
guys did you have a good common New York
City guys your first timers dead doing a
good of an extra day in the mini yeah I
think we rushed out we rushed out yeah I
wanted my gosh I got his I got here
thank you oh look at that very quick
trip fourth blood dog we got families to
go back to the kids are we talk too keen
on FaceTime 21 grades know exactly what
time you get home what time to get home
that even Zeus it called me up and the
family's ready so we're headed back
right now their best driver ever
this guy navigate an Escalade
like a Mini Cooper country have a good
time in New York come up in New York I
know I know
those really lost all over the city a
little bit every row you know it was
great now that people found us up with
that tree that we're about to picture
hey what's up you stop little buddy we
saw the girl yeah the girl that you guys
know we ate at his restaurant the other
night the girls wanted to get pizza to
go so he's hooking us up with pizza so
Joey
okay hey thanks so much man you're right
make sure when you guys are done without
fire somewhere I got all right I wanna
keep you guys more often yeah II know oh
yeah we go here we go it's so Dale
there's still little snow if you want to
get me back if you if you want to pay
back I totally forgot about that
starting from life because I knocked you
out you have a concussion and you
remember when I teach at that drone
shooting though I'm going to go to
bathroom okay gross
up up and away this weather is insane
I hope it is warm l if it is this warm
when we get home I'm putting in an RC
track tomorrow that's the first thing I
want to do I don't know what today I
don't know I've been thinking dirt bike
four-wheeler tractors the more I think
about it it's like an RC truck just dig
it and build it like half a day it could
it could it could double as a RC and
four-wheeler
well one major perk among flying with
family on this plane is you get to bring
your own pizza hope everybody had a good
time magic all good days but not on to
that leg we're headed like oh crap
my power it was just the really I
suppose you want to cookie dough so they
went or just went three our way to get
inside and we're going to happen had it
been snowing outside they would wait
a woman's we're beautiful behind us our
land
we do not care you need a common like to
disappear
he has a lot of stomach issues I'm not
lately
and because and what
sorry sorry if he's on was hanging up
this bathroom um open in the door I
don't know
honey
are you done pull your pants off me now
this is one of the one I need
hey it's sunny in Ohio we got sunshine
that's rare it was one pink one
don't hide it I did guys that's it 13
days gone down the drain I had pizza
Henry feel crappy Club we know who
cooked it made it crap
it's still FIFA I let everybody down
probably I made it a long time but I'm
not giving up I just read it myself on
that plane okay love you okay I didn't
know this but apparently this something
called a relief - Oh on that plane it's
for men to urinate and it's the tube and
I didn't get to see it but maybe next
hey buddy oh my gosh hi sweetie you got
your ice cream huh Zeus mr. hoverboard
walking in hey my mom did you miss me
baby I missed you too can you make all
these paintings dude Kane Kane Kane this
guy's cool he got him
yeah so much I need a special super hug
from a boy wait one that way I don't
know gianni mota
mmm laughs you just don't get everybody
you're not coming out no I love you too
come on mom
thanks for everything we love you I love
you too don't we
apparently flash has not been coming
inside he wants to literally live with
the but he loves the donkey it's his
best friend enough he looks like he's
been partying in here man look at you
dude is that your best friend flash
apparently they are they haven't even
known to get flash inside the house like
at night when it's time for bed flash
sleeps on this porch our rope back here
and stuff and tools they kept this place
looking clean yeah soft and not soft at
the same time so we don't have any
electric in here yet we're getting
electric hopefully this week so have
light and everything for him but he
don't seem to mind he seems to be chill
flash is still out there
flash he won't come in he just hangs out
out there oh sweet oh jeez they did give
you a lot of hats oh my gosh that's the
plane that that we took this is not he
actually looks worse doesn't it isn't it
worse
lighter today but don't uh can you just
put my finger rub it on what I know that
I hurt my buddies grow my beard out you
won't go see it you know I mean baby
probably good this is this is me growing
my beard oh good it's not as good as I
can get it I think you have probably a
better chance to grow a beard before I
do like for real there's something like
15 year olds with more facial already
going to get yes exactly where yours are
is where mine are oh well there's a good
chance you got lunch what you know I
thought you saw me all the way I'm not
going to fall for that go in your room
I know get it away I know what you're
about to do go in your room
Hey pick out two things okay bring you
two things
Noah you have to pick out two things is
really cool I'm sure of it oh I've got
both my things I've got both my thing I
got both my things while we were at Toy
Fair there was this cool product called
my first lab I think it's my first lab
smartphone inspector Inspector Gadget
duty I had a bag the guy at the booth to
give me one of these we're going to put
objects under it you guys got a guess
what it is you ready I want I wish you
guys could go class there's another you
is that flash easy boys easy flash that
he's a who you who is that maybe I just
show you the object is there's no way
are you going to ever guess when
actually let's just do one for example
let's do this we're gonna do this
Diamond skull keychain okay you ready
check this out
yeah yeah please I can't
there we go so my phone keeps blocking
out which is really weird it's not it
doesn't whoa are you under your Mac is
it crazier luck you got on the hair
right here okay yeah really the hair ah
I don't know what my phone's doing that
is anybody else's do that they have to
lift it up to get to come back on come
on Zeus is tennis ball or to Zeus a
tennis ball ready
hang on that wha so so I'm trying to
look at your paw watches well hit your
balls is that is supercool try my best
to show you guys this with my camera
only focuses either close or far away so
I'm like I'm trying my best
yeah hear it maybe that's better if you
actually hold it shut this bright color
II oh that is awesome dude cuz like no
it's funky like you shutting off like
it's so weird there we go
whoa wow everything a little purple is
so raw fabric nice tattoo I mean really
yeah that's okay whoa that's weird mine
your hair yeah you that yeah all right
there I find it mm Oh
skin hunters pretty much awesome it you
could make you want like a big
microscope like oh all the way in yeah
it is fascinating to see like what the I
can't see without a tool it's amazing it
barely barely hold you last one
do the crack of my thumb like right
there
dude we go so close
yeah cheesy what is it guys
what is that this is mr. Nell your turn
out this alright so we are guys look try
going to wrap it up tonight I don't know
how long this vlog is I've been putting
out some pretty decent 16 15 17 minute
vlog so if this one's a little short
please forgive us we're home we're going
to hang out we're going to play games
maybe watch movie I doubt it but that's
like perfect like dream world for me
right now just lay back watch a movie
with my little bow ready dude no look
ha ha ha ha Phatak thank you guys so
much for traveling with us joining us on
whatever we do it was a fun weekend I
can't believe now that I'm home it feels
like I didn't even leave it's just like
boom I hope and truly hope that you guys
are working on something that you want
to do in the future I hope that you're
using these vlogs for just even just a
pinch of motivation if you've been on
this channel long time then you've
watched me grow from basically nothing
to where I am now I encourage you to
find something you love to do and then
get it go after it go for it please
please just the best thing to do is just
start whatever it is that you want to do
like Zeus is starting to put his ball
right here if you didn't do that I
wouldn't throw it terrible analogy but
it's true you got to just start guys I
think it's pretty clear in my daily
videos that we're constantly doing
things to better our future the kids
future we're always just doing new
things and a lot of things fail and we
do other things and it's just we just
keep evolving and we keep doing as much
as we can and I hope that you just take
a little inspiration out of that and
know that if I can do it you can do it
trust me on that we love you guys thanks
for being a part of your daily video
sharing I'm liking on whatever you do is
just absolutely amazing we will see you
tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile
you
