welcome to the vlog guys how are you
hope you're having a great day it is
rainy it is disgusting it is muddy it is
Ohio baby hey uh lady we haven't moved
I'm lit right now I am a hyper how you
feeling that also I don't like any
caffeine baby is poppin guys Brit is
officially popped out like button MAME
button no more this price sounds crazy
if you've never watched a single one of
our vlogs Brittany's pregnant she's
three and a half months so three the up
three point ml for now almost four
months pregnant so if you're just
joining us welcome to our vlogs we're
having a baby we don't know if it's a
boy or girl yet
right now I think by weeks five more
weeks we find out what we're having four
or five what you eat hi burb the real
question is are we going to tell you
guys as soon as we find out are we gonna
make some type of fun like reveal to all
of you we have to do reveal there's so
many ways to do a cool baby reveal like
what you're having a boy or girl it's
like blue and pink they make fireworks
we've had I'm not kidding probably 10
different firework companies offer to
come to our home and do a reveal party
with fireworks like all the fireworks
will be blue all the fireworks will be
paid we've had suggestions of blowing up
a object like a huge explosion and the
smoke will be pink or blue I don't know
tell us what you guys think we should do
I obviously want to do something fun
it's not like powder in the backyard GTR
exhaust oh yeah you start the car and
then either comes pink or blue yeah
there's just so many unique and fun
things to do and you know what even
though we're kind of just documenting
our lives this is the perfect time to
make it also entertaining for you guys
and make it fun for everybody I don't
think I think when you guys find out our
family we'll also find out at the same
time so oh stop stop stop stop turn
around turn around turn around you got
turn around do it do it do it do it do
it yes okay this is where we bought the
limo a couple weeks ago with Logan and
Jake and look what he has now for sale
a whole friggin School Bus know what you
mean no I already know what you think
what are you why are you going we'll
just check it out real quick I come -
you better see this honey what are you
gonna do with the school bus what can't
we do with the school so we can pick up
all our local viewers and take them a
lunch yeah what if I know I know you
guys gonna yell at me but imagine the
fun video we can make videos $5,700 I'm
sure we could get it way cheaper usually
when I buy things guys the people give
me good deals it's not like we pay that
price you know think of the things we
could do come on mom why not fun because
we don't run a school you don't need to
run a school to have a school bus on
your property uh well you look like
you're luckier than it's closed today
wait until they open you're in trouble
boy you're in trouble
are you troublemaker ladies and
gentlemen three two one oh hey I missed
you guys today I miss you erase you
ready
drag race uh-oh around around around I'm
making up my own rules so I win I don't
know here we go so the next thing we
have to do we've been putting this off
for a while we've been procrastinating
we've been waiting for inventory because
we don't like to put things on our
website until we have it in stock so it
actually ships when you place your order
and you don't have to wait weeks and
weeks and weeks for us so we've been
teasing this you've seen pictures of it
a lot of you have been really waiting
for this so Brittany and I are doing it
right now we're doing the photos we're
doing everything to release and finally
our pink smile more hats
are freakin amazing all the new hats
have the new tags say smile more but on
the back it says you're beautiful I love
that and you are beautiful by the way
even though the camera is blurry so
today we have made it a point to make
sure by the time this vlogs up by the
time you're watching this these hats are
available you also see me wear these
every single day I love my camel smile
my hat that's a good-looking box that's
true it's we've had so our little ones
like this I think now every single
package leaves with a small more of us
there's a couple bags
yeah even our bags say smile one haha
maybe you are new to this channel and
smile more is our company that we
started it's a movement you guys
represent it we push it it's just a
positive message that helps people
really helps people it's helped me
through the years and I eventually said
what if I start pushing some my audience
maybe it'll help them and it really has
so thank you for joining that movement
thanks for push I mean you guys know you
employ a bunch of our family members and
because of your orders we have it's just
a huge it's a huge team effort
so pink hats are available right now
actually Brittany and I are about to do
the photo shoot right now Britt is gonna
do the photos maybe I should can I rock
the pink hat what if I could it looks
like a girl's hat but I'm not gonna lie
I think I could pull it off I think a
lot of guys will wear this hat yeah for
sure I don't know you tell me you tell
me I think guys will actually wear pink
school now it's a cool part of a
baseball cap than our like a trucker hat
like that's more of a trucker hat uh so
we came in here in the fish or all
asleep look you can't even see a fish in
the whole tank right when you come in
and you turn on the lights they're all
asleep check it out there's the eeo all
wrapped up as always there's one
sleeping down there we are literally
setting up right now for our little
photo shoot you guys know that the
website is all of you know me and
Brittany and
mein and Noah and it's family business
so we do everything ourselves even the
pictures and uh hey you gotta get the
other stuff it's actually a lot of fun
it's a lot of fun for us to do this kind
of stuff oh yeah oh yeah oh my god
that's the shot right there
oh yeah look yes what if every picture
we had on our site was like us not
smiling it's like this you frowned you
frown boohoo and then boom happy ha ha
ha ha a little yeah they're good or for
short how'd you know watch so much pull
it off Oh even frontways I think I could
wear it yeah yeah yeah I like this hat
hi ception we got you sure people don't
know where the bathroom oh it's hard to
find I'm just gonna start wearing as
always guys get them while supplies last
they're probably gonna go quick and I
don't know uh usually we order products
and then we either keep them or we don't
keep them this one I don't know we'll
see how it does I love it
mission accomplished I know so many of
you have been waiting on these hats
we've been we just haven't got it done
this is cat stuff cast-off speaking
ahead
they sent me something buddy hats and
gloves and beanies ooh I feel like these
are my favorites April vlog since we're
just hanging with you like we're
literally doing our thing and hanging
out with you guys
you turned up fishtank Lytle you just
said you're hungry but you're holding a
sandwich well I already had one today
this you're near that rock and roll I
got you one too
oh Jesus you look better gamma this is
the last thing I'm gonna add about the
smaller store in this vlog guys I should
address this a long time ago and I've
been meaning to like a million times
um I'm seeing so many I'm literally
talking hundreds of websites hundreds of
fake Amazon account fits not Roman
alikom it is fake merch and you can
always tell it's fake some of them look
exactly but I've just seen some such sad
videos of people getting the wrong
merchants like breaks their heart and
sucks even when I was on tour during the
meet-and-greet so many kids had fake
merch on so please be careful with that
no matter how much we police it it's
just it just insane how fast they make
new websites and they make new merch and
it's crazy like I never thought this
would be an issue or people would be
taking my creation putting it up for
sale and selling it like lots of it some
of these websites sell a ton of it if
you want to make sure you're buying the
real merge buy it at Roma now calm that
is the only place that's for sale thank
you in advance hats are on the top link
in this description go get them before
they're all gone we love you smile more
are you ending I just ended the board
you're anew yeah so yeah it's okay yeah
it's over really yeah it's it's done
yeah the boys don't need batteries so
great yeah we're just yeah voiceover no
why do you need your sign-off because I
knew you would be like wait did you end
it does it feel like you're on it yeah
is it crazy okay this is keen right now
riding up a giant roller coaster about
to make the drop
are you ready you're under his nose
every time I come in your room it's a
different game like it's a holding at
Mac's desk is all clean and nice and our
magnets are gone this is just some of
the magnets I don't know if I've showed
you guys this for a while but each time
we travel or we go somewhere we have it
then we collect a magnet and this is uh
this is part of our board knowing I have
collected over the years
bánh rán every time he comes over here
he takes this and like Mackenzie drink
out of it which one is that all Outer
Banks North Carolina Frankfort yeah we
got some German viewers out there what a
Rico finland helsinki oh there's another
finland mmm Aruba bahamas wilshire I
always say it wrong will Shire will sure
no wonder you went to the desert Egypt
yeah Egypt Egypt's not on here I where
did it go it broke oh hold it on here
and I'll talk I bought a magnet in Egypt
right under the pyramids there's like
these guys right off a table and I just
bought it it's like of course it's like
hot-glued so just fell apart we just
need a new magnet but it needs to go on
this words one of my favorite places
I've ever been
this one is Thailand I went to Thailand
that was amazing San Juan Montreal
Canada we have so many more we need to
add to this board it's actually drove me
nuts that they're not on here
we need to find all our magnets and get
them organized cuz this is really cool
this one it's Dominican Republic oh yeah
I'll never forget that bathroom break
remember I got so sick no coming back
from Punta Cana Dominican Republic I was
we landed at the airport remember me and
you we got in really late I was in the
bathroom I got something so sick from
something there isn't that like an hour
yes i sat on the suitcase for like it
was like midnight waiting
poor kid did never there's nothing worse
than getting ass like I got to go right
now feeling on an airplane my
claustrophobic level was like past the
max phobia and pants the only time I've
ever but don't ever put my um the only
time I used to claustrophobia this is
true story Dale when we were kids there
was always bigger than me and like that
I could outrun him but if he got me that
was it it was like pinned down can't
move and he would move and take a
blanket put it over me in my I would
freak out like my brain everything would
just freak out that's what exactly what
I does that's what I'm so scared of Dale
when I was a kid getting pinned out sure
some of you experienced this I have an
older brothers or sisters whatever when
you get pinned down under something Wow
dude I remember that feeling it would
happen now what's up dude where'd you
come from
oh you're getting a V don't put on
Zeus's shoes right there
hey hey come on in it's a partay like
sarong was it small a syrup I've never
smelled syrup Oh is he small a syrup
game no that's why you're smelling syrup
it's your candle what's this what's a
sweet cinnamon pumpkin yeah I'm always
not sentimental um his real name used to
be sentimental really dead bird
yeah I need some oil fresh ah dog owners
how do you get your dogs to stop farting
now keep in mind we don't feed them
we've stopped people food completely for
a long time
like maybe once in a while they'll get a
little something but that's like once in
a while it's not like junk
it's like steak no but I mean that would
give them bad gas that's acceptable to
give them out yes I'm talking about we
feed on very good dog food I think it's
the dog food it makes the farts stink so
bad the whole house like the whole rain
corn free like it's like Sam and turkey
like it that's it I think that's what it
has to be is me mmm
there's nose I'm talking about like
sometimes like farts like you can hear
it Oh across the room tail goes up and
kaboom we love you guys man thanks for
hanging out again today we got a bit
we're gonna get back on track I promise
we got a Britney and I had some things
to do today that we're completely off
camera all the way up until like 4:00
5:00 p.m. 4 p.m.
either way thank you for being here
thank you for just hanging out with us I
hope that you feel good today I hope
you're inspired a little bit III don't
think I did anything to help with that
today but we love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
