Oh face it's funny how the legs are
pulling them too
welcome to the vlog guys hope you're
having a great day today was one of them
days I don't know you guys have this
maybe it's just us I'm assuming you do
but those days where you cannot get out
of the house it just couldn't happen we
where's no no can't even see him back
here he's hiding cane won't even come
with us Brit dragging around a smile
more store we got up Dale Jess the kids
behind us anyway I hope you're having a
great day we're just getting our vlog
started which is crazy because it's been
quite a day so far
oh you gotta wear the right boots when
you come look at a donkey do you bring
your boots
yo cane one gum he would not come with
us here's one side effect to having
horses and donkeys poop everywhere
what's up dude what's your name Wilbur
every horse to me is Wilbur Wilbur this
is ninja this is actually Brittany's
family's horse is this one that almost
killed your sister yeah Oh see I don't
get on horses not for me oh my gosh I
don't know if you can hear this listen
that's our donkey maybe he saw you Britt
hmm you thought we had mud problems now
imagine imagine with animals are we
sticking with that name he doesn't know
your name
he looks least hired is he tired it's
just a chill donkey come on and shapes
my more into a side this is like a poop
city you imagine that in your yard
there's like a Gatling gun god yeah just
put your hand out flat these are carrots
and oats straight just like that yep
like that don't lose a finger this is so
dangerous
he's like slowly scooping it up
he's just super super chill doesn't know
he's like I ain't no carrot know what a
carrot is in case you're new to this
channel you don't know what's going on
we were gifted a donkey we were gifted a
donkey and we weren't ready to accept
the donkey so he's been staying over
here until we can get a place
his name's Empire because the guys that
gave them to us wanted it to be Empire
so it would be Romans Empire it's pretty
creative I like that it's actually more
like britni's Empire it is more like
Britney's Britney's mom's actually found
some really cool like buildings for us
at the house and he's going to be coming
home soon no you're doing good you're
getting this some of the stuff off you
go both ways it no you just read that
yes what I thought always seems to like
it
she said donkeys fur is rough like
that's how it is like that's a rough
yeah it's got to keep him firm hills and
she had all these fancy words for it but
yeah look how good he looks now just a
little brush in look at that he's
awesome dude I want to be Shrek for
Halloween and he's gotta come with me
all right lo man we'll see you soon okay
we'll see you soon dude we're gonna do
some fun things you don't have to watch
this channel for a long time to know how
much I've always wanted a donkey it's
like something I've always wanted such a
weird thing that when I see donkeys I
like pull over on the side of the road
and just check him out any when I went
to Egypt I think that's I really fell in
love with donkeys when I went to Egypt
and I just seen on they were so
beautiful and they're working and
they're just ah he's so awesome I can't
wait to get him home I'm sure he'll add
a lot of life to the family and the
things we can do you know I do the same
thing like that yeah I never know what
road he got my finger just his lips
being I am silly when it comes to horses
dude they're weird
they're weird animals I love it but no
his mouth as a pup you got shut off
you see him he's trying to take he's
trying to pad his mouth right there
shove it in are you making ready made it
work yeah okay I got you I got like
trying to get your money from the banker
it's so foggy you can't really tell but
there's trees back there and it's just
so white so we're getting back home
Orion subs Brittany's eating salad canes
primarily and chips
he actually had two hot dogs before that
kind of a laid-back day or we've been
like what can we do what can we do for
the vlog and I thought maybe I should
just pick up the Cameron just found what
we're actually doing in real life but
just sitting here eating food dogs
begging fuch like not me I'm Meghan
thrown around some ideas of things that
we could do for the vlog to maybe make
things more entertaining for you guys
Brittany said we should do maybe a juice
challenge we got that juicer with a put
random thinking looks like eating good
like a random thing juice challenge
which to me is terrible I'm terrible
with anything that tastes funky I just
get sick I get sick didn't I make some
good juice well that's not fun for them
to watch though that's just us having
fun what's the worst thing you could put
like me in an egg no more blender if
you're making juice you can just blend
it what okay that idea is up that idea
is out we just scrapped that idea cuz
it's not even gonna be funny it's not
gonna be fun for me getting a sick yeah
juice challenge kids got any ideas going
to Dale's okay that's knows idea of cane
any ideas just play VR video games
blocks castles you only nothing all
right I think we've almost nailed the
nothing thing today
okay so Dale's Dale's I'm just gonna get
on the escalator are you okay ever there
I'm just gonna take the canal I stick
the canal
I just feel like it's smoother ride you
never got our spoons and forks by the
way there was none down there I don't
take the escalator back down
good cheesy is my bad guys no oh that
looks good it's funny how his legs are
pulling him to see this kid ha
he got the moves he got hmm honestly
kind of a laid-back honest vlog for you
today uh it's nothing like we're not
doing anything we're not doing anything
it's poets did snouts dark took us half
the day get out Harold's I'm just being
real with you guys we we're not doing
anything meet the sub right now whoa
siren okay guys Roman just went into the
back it might be really quite shaky I'm
gonna just went to the bathroom he's
been complaining to me to put this
chicken away so I'm gonna put the
chicken in water he's been complaining
that chicken stinks put it away but wha
dis camera yep call Dale I'll go if you
want to go but that is oh look at him
this chicken water you know it was
floating he was floating right on the
top it was stuck on an iceberg
I love you didn't even see the camera Oh
dang nice try that didn't only take you
an hour I won't you have an alarm
sticking out of it
look at my hair hey my kids are going
crazy over here asking if they can come
to your house what's up with that you
got it well you got that I don't have
Conrad
do you want my kids to come over all
right we're gonna saddle up the horses
and ride on out we'll be there in three
weeks we already ate oh we didn't show
them Zeus's new shoes today
this is like you better get the shot get
out of my face
Alexa who is Roman Atwood Roman Bernard
Edward is an American YouTube
personality comedian and blogger what
what is two plus two the sum of two and
two is four she don't know nothing
neither do thousand divided by 18 2000
divided by 18 is 100 11.1 oh my gosh
tell me a joke why did the Invisible Man
turn down the job he couldn't see
himself doing the work
ooh how old are you I'm 2 in human years
14 in dog years and 25 in cat years I
think he is are marked by nanoseconds so
that makes me like a Skrill Ian's a
Skrill yes Killian make my kid laugh I
wasn't able to understand the question I
said make my kid laugh what's the first
thing that Santa teaches his helpers
the alphabet all the alphabet fur I
would but I find them to be a little too
long-winded ha ha
what's the lifespan of a husky Siberian
Huskies average lifespan is 13 years
13 expand of a German Shepherd German
shepherds average lifespan is 11 years
11 zoo she turns seven in like 20 days
dude where's your head look dude it
looks like a horror movie outside
doesn't turn ten ten ten ten ten it's
like spooky shoes on
wild ales getting ready uh well he gave
me this cape he says so I have this I'm
sweating I have this hard helmet okay I
have no idea what you filmed whatever
you just saw was all up to no I handed
him the camera when we got there and
turned him loose
what are you doing boy hey daddy's home
sleepy dogs nothing but sleepy dogs
leave fartin no they just need a bath
he's like what you're talking about
well guys it's funny how one day can be
so great this is the crazy thing about
my vlog check out our vlog Channel it's
like one day we can be doing the
craziest stuff that we've ever done in
our lives and the next day can be 100%
opposite it can literally be us on the
couch doing nothing but you didn't do
crazy things yesterday I have a baby
growing inside of my body cane did I
guess what I'm trying to say is that
this is our vlog today guys forgive us
for such Bourdon like literally there's
no like usually want to make my vlogs
I'm like I want to inspire you guys I
want to I want to kind of lift you up
and get you ready to go like whether
it's like maybe you're waking up and you
watch these before you start your day I
want
to feel good and like lift it up a
little bit like just feel good I don't
feel like I got that message to you guys
and I'll feel like but it is what it is
like every day can't be exciting we're
humans
well it's 2017 no we're not fireworks
maybe you go to five days a week maybe I
go to five days you take that bag if
you've made it to this point no my gosh
is about to be a fight anyone here Oh
give me that ball
give me that what if you have made it
this far thank you so much for just
watching hanging out with us we will see
you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
