welcome to our vlog guys it is once
again a winter wonderland it is just it
just keeps snowing which is beautiful
I'll take it on so have you look at
countries for us dude hang on don't
knock it off don't know if we should
make him put it on you should haven't
put it on like that you want huh get up
to the quad there we go there's some
action action Jackson it feels like
we're kids again like all this snow is
amazing we got the the pit crew in the
house switching the tracks over to the
tires which man I always say we could we
could have a lot of fun in that snow at
these tracks right now but we have not I
am not experienced it without the track
so we got a got a switch it also yeah
right it's like having brand new pair of
shoes all over again it's just like
their new shoes on you move faster
that's right yeah no cut-the-knot off so
you can feed it through the hole you
already got this on these are all on Oh
looks like a little baby without the
tracks why it's yours Oh
so the boys want to get put which is fun
we hook all the sleds up to the quad and
we pull up a what if we hooked one of
these giant slip boards on it you guys
all ride on it you wanna try that I
think it'd be fun
no yeah Audrey yeah so I'll take this
vest strap off right and we'll replace
it with a rope and then tie rope here to
the quad boom done just a daddy's a
genius just say it that's the fun part
you're supposed to slide off where's
your clothes girl and you don't wet here
alright gotta pull do some pull I think
this is a great idea this is this is
what dreams are made of right here the
snow is like we just parked this it's
already getting covered in snow it's
amazing here right here no no no
and we're ready to go have fun you have
to use the sides of that board to hold
on I know it's gonna be slippery guys
got a hold on this time come on make it
count
where's snosurf it so easy to knock him
off there's nothing to hold on to there
they go
all right for real this time for real
come on hold on to the sides you guys
got it you gotta focus come on you gotta
want it last one on wins
Oh
everybody wave the little Cora Cora I
love you next year baby girl okay so the
kids are struggling to stay on the which
there's no handle so it's pretty tough
for struggling on board we're now
hooking up Boris LEDs to one rope which
means these two are gonna get pinched in
the middle I don't know how that's gonna
work you guys are definitely in for it
we need to like rig up some type of like
special board just the idea just the
idea you know you're wrong with this
I'll get that put together you guys
ready
oh man you guys are in for a ride I
don't know if this is gonna work dude yo
you guys are all just making sandwiches
you ready hold on hold on okay so that's
not really working Chase has a plan that
the kids can possibly use these sleds
cuz they're just getting trapped in the
middle and folding and I don't think
anybody's in there do it in there sure
oh but I'm serious no guys thanks for
hanging out with us just here at home
playing in the snow man I'll tell you
we've been waiting for this kind of snow
it seems like for years it always just
misses us we get rain or we get sleet we
get ice this is like that real white fun
snow so we are gonna use it before we
lose it as far gonna leave this weekend
so we're just really hanging out thanks
for being here with us just aboard the
hole literally the best plan I think
overall one of our greatest ideas ever
got that V that V for vanilla running
through here and then kids to go there
is a V for vanilla that guy yeah you
guys ready here we go
it's already working it's already
working better
this loyal
everything's okay well if you want to
pour pull for sleds with one vehicle
this isn't a bad way to do it just drill
some holes on 2x4 and boom it's a fun no
Kingsgate let me see I said you got snow
inside inside your garbage so so I know
your floors clean the floor is clean
what's this no it's like super strong
it's okay okay
the new cars in sense things that sort
of their proto nails but those are toe
nails
I actually don't need my cab done I'm
actually just going natural today to
pulling these kids they can't get enough
either too cuz they're like I'm frozen
so you need to go inside warm up and
they'll freak out I made him go in I'm
being responsible today nope
good just warming up you need a bundle
of gum play get all the hair all right
I'm gonna go checking on checking on
brownies pulling all the time sorry
about your floor I think it's good
oh man do you got so much fun snow it's
amazing I'm so happy right now
MP start looking like a snowball man
it's funny he loves his barn but he
loves I don't know what it is even when
it rained in the summer he used to just
sit in the rain does the same thing in
the snow look what I got you bud look
what I got you
come on amp I know you want the carrot
come on carrot fully get it take it he's
like what is this color I haven't seen
color for day he's everything's black
and white why are you being such a baby
grab it and go yeah has not stopped
snowing all day like it is snow snow
you've got icicles on your eyes dude you
don't care get your lift on girl get
your lift on Quora you got a push you
gotta want it it's like hang on let me
watch mommy so we are jumping around all
over today but Britney made this bomb
chicken broccoli and cheese and mustard
and cheeses a lot of calories green
beans
after we it's time for push ups and we
got it's the big two Oh today this is
Mike this is lightweight stuff you did
yours downstairs this is the big time
guys everyone laugh when we started to
just ten and we add each day it's
already it's funny why does water choke
me I drink a lot of water yep what so
there's this game on roblox can't always
plays like snow shoveling and he says
he's out there playing the game right
now dude look at the layers of shoveling
that's been done in the last couple of
hours it's just it just keeps coming
down it's amazing huh are you playing
your are you playing your snow game
to be get her Cora
well get her Cora sleepy so if you want
to do it I'll do push-ups on the snow
again not to you don't person what maybe
you were on sharp needles maybe on the
snow there was a trap bougie trap you
the push-up monster what so if you've
been watching the vlogs we add one
push-up a day to the vlogs we started
just ten and we add one a day and today
we are at 20 not feeling confident I
hope you are too and just do what you
can you don't have to you don't have to
keep up you can do more it's totally up
to you we just we want to motivate
everybody that watches to just add one a
day maybe it's sit-ups you want to do
add one sit-up maybe it's pull-ups do
want an extra a day it's fun it get you
motivated get your blood pumping get you
feeling good somebody so you had pins
and needles in your arm and flash was
bleeding yeah she got there him leopard
pants she's sleepy she's gonna be
crawling soon guys hora is gonna be
moving soon that is crazy
what's it gonna be like when you
literally can't even move like you blink
and then she's we got some things to
clean up you know let's put a helmet on
her put the cat food on the other side
remember back in the day they still I
don't know it's probably well now they
had like the play pins is what they were
called add like fences that you would
put flash once you just sit anywhere
buddy the babies right here like I'm
sorry I'm sorry
what do you think of that baby flash
thinking that babies like just pet me
just give me all the love just give me
all the attention I don't know I I think
I think Brian has got some competition
around here it was so good please better
than
earlier can we just clean this hot tub
cover off and we've already got a solid
like two maybe three inches
it sure is magical out here I mean look
at our our furniture I don't know man
you're gonna get this all cleared up by
morning I have one soldier willing no
handed no glut will hand it no glove
push-ups
in the snow tonight why not you know
it's like why not you know you got to
build endurance that's what this is all
about maybe one day you'll be able to
you've seen them guys walk in the snow
with no shoes cuz they've been doing it
forever it's just normal I don't think
we'll ever get to that yeah how are you
gonna do them with flash that's the
problem
he literally yep no but then he'll just
destroy it he will go through this glass
to get to us look at him I will I will
he is like a human dude he's forgotten
who he is no yes you have by the way
like how you became one of your hats
it's the one you me it looks like a
little light she's super super super
warm uh-huh yeah he's warm all right
it's time
ready for the push-ups you us let's do
it nervous we don't have to go out here
sensitive to cold viola we're not
Mayport for the record Keane has almost
cleaned our plate so it's just the light
little coating of ice left oh it's like
three foot yeah you just barely see my
face hey you guys know you can do it on
your nice warm carpet right now
no whining when you get down there we
knock out twenty with not a complaint
okay
no complaints let's go it's not cold
it's comfortable yeah
you should keep your gloves on Kane just
keep your gloves on you can try okay
just trying to protect your hands
no come on in the snow do as many as you
can
ready here we go guys let's do them
together ready everybody down no
complain and here we go on three three
four six seven eight nine 10 11 12 13 14
15 16 18 19
do another five by running to the door
the hall shatter good job
give me shatter Kane I made you do
- oh yo let's go feed our donkey mister
mister amp did I love the snow look at
this so pretty dude hey bud I thought
you'd be out here rig me some food
Oh easy and Brian must have fed him
before we left he wants grain though
that's what he wants
get you some green I'll go through the
door it's not coyotes those are puppies
little tiny puppies out there this is
his favorite
now you go bud you're in the drift dude
put your boots off all right tomorrow
night's push-ups no shoes no socks no
gloves man it is straight beautiful out
I love this donkey left the barn snow
dog snow dogs there was no snow on that
thing like no time ago you go
kerplunk almost as deep as my flashlight
already on the table that is crazy I'm a
thirsty donkey I'm a Thursday donkey
let's go do it do it oh it's hard
good thinking that belly smack this snow
is crazy it's it's it's crazy snow it's
crazy it's crazy
gain everything you shovel is already
gone our footprints are gone that's
crazy
minutes major chunks I like how you're
on the hot tub shoveling all this forget
it just hitting adding up so quickly
dude this is a cool shot buddy you look
like a snow bunny you really want to do
that ain't just said he'll have all the
snow pushed on him by no dude like that
there you go I'm gonna miss the snow
when it's gone we really gotta just
enjoy it while it's here we only have
like three days till they're calling for
above freezing temperature so it'll be
like 40 50 degrees which means melt time
I have to do it I'll do it
you have the one hat in Harry Potter
that decides where you go it literally
looks like it just white kind of that's
funny the decision huh yeah the decision
come on daddy
my knees are definitely wet yeah open
all right you guys sit there oh you're
gonna eat it all right okay sit down
okay put your knees down so I can see
cane did you doubt me the way bar mother
kiddies warm ladies inside they'll warm
down hi baby you're gonna play she's
like what is all that we sniff what is
it okay well we're back inside and you
start with this hit oak rock we're back
inside guys we're gonna end our vlog
right there we've had a great day very
kind of laid back honestly we just been
playing hang out in the snow and today
was one day the kids didn't have school
which the snow so proposed to go till
4:00 a.m. of more snow it's awesome I
love it what you got there rainbow gone
we will we will see you guys tomorrow
thank you so much for the support
hanging out with us here at home doing
whatever it is we do thanks for doing it
with us we will see you tomorrow
you are beautiful you were one of a kind
smile
you
