BRIC verse GTR windshield ready
most of the blog guys very very exciting
day we are doing some we haven't done in
a very long time we include it is every
day every week every month and we just
haven't done it forever I know a lot you
guys actually missed when we used to do
this and I know a lot of you don't care
a lot of you don't even know but I'm
very excited because it's just like a
little girl and I love doing that always
like going back to where you start at
the root so good hey hey how you doing
you ready to do this yeah you got
everything you've got a lot of you
brought all this y'all then get us up
fill up the gas guzzling GTR pretty much
just go gas station gas station with
this thing like every vehicle on the
trucks the same way terrible gas not
very good on gas economy today should be
loaded with fun for you guys and for us
it realize how frigging cold it's going
to be a series like warms it is cold
Ohio baby if you don't like the weather
just wait five minutes
Oh $41 89 cents boom
42 doc oh snap dude lifesaver yes off
you go freaky look your ears are all
regress I don't I didn't bring anything
I don't even have a Swisher what we both
got them ears boy I pop out a little bit
oh my did I have to get one you don't
see these every day
we already did less than what we saw yes
I think we were breaking open an ATM
machine on nights to be
you know when you see things like you
just gotta buy because you never really
see off I wonder if I just went to my
bank it's pulled out I just went to my
bank went inside to make it a normal
transaction I want to it's with the flag
how them Doritos by the way there's a
beat some roll on if it just means it
stopped riding me right oh hey what's up
dude that's any good hey we were just
thinking since you know you're in town
and we're in town maybe we can film or
something I have my bag open right now
you have camera stuff let me see I don't
believe you no way you just have this
stuff ready do you understand how is the
possibility on the same spot the same
time that is ridiculous like I'm a time
traveler I know I just said we're going
back in time to get back in time certain
people all right every bloggers at least
one squeak so where do you want to start
we're up on near campus this kind of
where we started our whole pranking
career if they want to revolt that
responses eggs right there oh yeah what
maybe maybe we do some type of like live
tweet voting on the prank today let's do
it because Dennis brought all these cool
there's really cool prop these are
rubber bricks like you can hit somebody
with them they don't hurt cinder block
brick right French go out sugar glass so
these are beer bottles that you can
break over your head without getting
hurt if we're going to want to wear that
Mac forgot I even had you know I think
you're really super funny to do like
honestly I've always wanted to go to a
bank and drop like to be shocked ends
off with watch oh my kids will walk up
but that takes you long and then uh
right legal I think Shox I'm not doing
it
destroy here's there's the idea for this
one the idea is you go some say I want
to challenge how fast can you unscramble
is step
whoo-ahh kind of addicted hahahahahaha
first prank whatever right first Frank
we ever did frankly very first prank
right here the stickers are still on
there catch him but only put them on all
the parking meters so and that make
supper oh that's cool thank Emily you
have to do it right at 12:45 though okay
brick verse GTR windshield ready to get
ah yeah yeah no doubt you scare people
because who's going to want a
cinderblock dolly
Dennis even brought all this fake dog
poop chase come here check it out Dennis
brought a bunch of fake dog poo pick it
up yeah Dennis about to throw this brick
oh we've just arrived at a place called
the oval this is where we actually film
used to film all of our pranks this is
where it all started dozens of pranks
were filmed right here usually when it's
a little warmer out we've uh we've got a
man a suspect throwing cinder blocks at
people all units respond
really cold out we've ended up back in
the truck and Dennis is uh you know just
touching my makeup making sure that I
looked good for all the reactions
everyone's hands are in their pocket and
I'm barely moving with the jackets you
can't see their face because they're
bundled up everyone's cold it's freezing
outside literally thirty three thirty
two
so Dennis wants to stick our basically a
a wooden rod dowel through my cheek but
one my shaking one three years of a
conjoined at the chief broke conjoined
rod yeah we fell on the same pot at the
same time and Ron is no I literally
snowing the day when I work on I would
never made the journey up while I leave
the Hangout and do something different
and paint your cheek
mr. 10
oh my gosh your cheeks are perfect I'm
gonna turn up the water they don't laugh
I might have to let make it dry a little
bit long actually looks really good
oh don't laugh thank you my GU regular
love dude no wow
be serious one my middle name is serious
don't mate don't say anything it's gonna
last
oh good work that looks pretty decent
dad I want to last year so but the first
reaction I'm gonna laugh and ruin it
my gosh Road he's painting me with
children's saw watercolor I wish I had
my fake blood on me I wish it came this
way more so it's like consonantal ah
yeah and like well we could do it I know
outside here
I think that's doing whatever working
wow that looks let me go ask you real
quick grab the camera grab the camera
you didn't buy any band-aids
did you only band-aid oh my god you like
they don't even know you know we were
tower like a napkin or something I can
just take ma'am I'm just I'm just
playing with you just like I did it look
kind of real yeah it is alright I'm so
we don't want to bother you like get me
out you're a tough test subject okay so
do you feel like you still no you
don't feel like coming apart Colonia I
can do anything don't get too cocky with
it because it's not one Oh
oh no I just fell on a stick
well I don't have to help you don't have
anything in your purse no I'm saving
even your brush I could just hide and
you know get away up and get a nice with
me five minutes no no I'm just a person
punch it out punch it out no I don't
know what you want me to but you owe her
so a pee on it real quick come on be on
it
we're just running a gun they don't even
see the cash I didn't really sell no
good at the quarry today you so bad that
he will give you a okay yeah the
police's are me I'll kill you I don't
know what to do nothing are you rapping
I can't read nothing No okay so we're
running around and believe it or not
this is selling like people really buy
it now the footage that I get from the
small expire not as good as the main
camera but it is fun and it's it's I
don't know it's just goofy it is burning
dude like hot hot hi Scott is that
normal well I don't want to I don't want
to take it off and it is starting to
hurt mom look at that sunset guys that
is a rare Ohio sunset it looks pretty
Hawaiian you know just add the palm
trees in the beautiful beach the islands
out there some whales shooting out water
maybe a turtle a dolphin surfing kind of
a lot to ask someone happy about any
kind of sorry no help
how's it going what does it was coming
in good you made their night okay guys
so wrapping up a llama phone we did a
lot of filling which was a lot of fun
I'm headed home it's actually gotten
pretty late at 10 p.m. which means it's
only two hours till Britney's birthday
so I'm super excited to go home I miss
them like crazy today I thought about my
thousand million times longer there's a
whole other side to this blog taking a
whole nother vlog actually because
Britney did her thing today
with the donkey stuff and all of that so
I'm gonna jump to Brittany today which
will start now it's really weird um and
it will be back here love you guys so
much thanks for hanging out today and
dot here is what Brittany is menu ink
pink at okay
you like it good early morning it is
it's not early I got up early but it's
now kind of clock something is pulling
in so I'm so excited about and excited
it's here one day before my birthday
says me tomorrow on my birthday will be
a super exciting day she are you excited
home are you excited honey what's his
last day
whoo-hoo I might mean just more than
just a little jacket on see you mind I
was sitting here first glossy hey pick
Susan trouble again
flash hey are you in trouble is that
your chair I don't know what this mystic
look II get down
all right so cute
here's our little donkey how little
sacrum yeah so this is like our little
perfect thing in here what yes hangers
hang everything so this is where the
donkeys house will be
hey up there I can't okay so I'm trying
to put this trailer on this trunk
because I have to get like a fence
my sister's Fisher laughing so hard so
hard I was like what you seen it pick up
and move it and the guys are right there
like hell no - they were just like
watching us so they just wanted to help
us okay I think I got everything yeah
that's a good parking look so I guess in
Rome I got a babysitter got mom all to
come over and play with pain for a
little bit so now I want depressed
I'm gonna run down right here and get my
nails done we are going on a trip this
weekend and I really wanted my nails
done so I'm gonna run in and see please
time for us oh look a little coffee
we are having a heyday with this trailer
today guys that nails a fine you come on
it I'm here I'm just kidding hahaha
point goes not please didn't have room
for us so I had to come over somewhere
else with the tiny parking lot in park
let me just show you and cook up how
many is five parking spots I took up
there's only one two three
when ya done done I got a super weird
color that's I'm out
I think it's weird thumbs up like this
video if I should come back and get
Roman pair of these okay so we just came
in to the store to find some acts
convinced all that and what our job and
this store has everything look there's a
whole living room chair my god I want
you so bad you have to buy at least 600
ah it is cleaned off minimal I want to
hold on is really really bad let's call
Rome and let's see if we can get a duck
honey can we get a couple ducks how
about chicken stock eggs we can get hot
fresh eggs please they're so cute
come inside no we could have fresh farm
eggs okay this is what we need up here
we have our Macs and our gate now you're
doing some other place we had a
wheelbarrow pitchfork and sawdust
Brahmas done it pulled hopefully be home
before dark and get everything set up
our guys is cold outside and you came on
started the four-wheeler the ground is
still so soft and it's muddy
we can't take the truck in the yard back
to the donkey house so I started the
four-wheeler we have a hit for the
four-wheeler so I'm going to hit back to
the truck and then drive the trailer
around it working okay I love how the
muffler is blowing your hair what hello
hello hello little man hey happy almost
birthday
oh there's one man listen I always just
you what today I really miss you so I'm
back home and today I've had three eggs
for breakfast look at the bottom of
things clean
three eggs for breakfast I am about to
keel over on starving so while those
cook came I got to do my push-ups dude I
don't know how we're going to keep doing
it for the logs because eventually it's
going to be so many that it's just like
so much film time okay okay yeah way
better than the first book yeah so while
the number is not too big yet let's
knock this out guys join me let's get
down on a growl a c-17 push-ups
tomorrow's 18 the next day's 19 we're
just adding one each day if you don't
want to be a part of this just skip
right past it those that you want to do
this let's go get this done I'm
exhausted I need to just do it I'll feel
better after I do it oh gosh we're gonna
do this tonight daddy's got work daddy's
going push okay you can learn how to do
this too flash knows other dogs are
watching 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
good job I'm gonna lie well is this
right job I feel like an old tanker
truck hey are you still sure about the
ducks and chickens from today dachshund
chicken I called you asked if I could
get a baby duck oh yeah never going to
change my mind on that everybody knows
ducks and chickens outside that's fine
I'll take your birthday present back
you got you your own silver brick Legos
keychain thank you you know I love
keychains ha no matter what I like
showed him or tried to say he wanted to
give you that I love it I can always
keep it with me well thank you so much
for hanging out with both of us today
Britney vlog i vlog last night Lucy
oh my green what my green the TV we will
see you guys tomorrow for Britney's a
birthday and the donkey's coming and who
knows what else that'll actually happen
tomorrow thank you guys for everything
thanks for the support on these vlogs
thanks for always like and I'm sharing
them friends and family just everything
guys you are awesome
you're one of a kind your beautiful mama
you
