guys walk huh welcome to the vlog guys I
didn't start it earlier I'm covered in
mud we're just getting started figured I
grab my camera now and do some motor
running because we haven't done that the
vlogs I don't think ever quads super
ready for wheeler Todd is here meet me
down in that corner get muddy though
you're so clean dude that's what this is
made for sexy
anyways welcome to the blog hope you're
having a great day let's go have some
fun
this is awesome so the object here is
obviously not to get stuck
haha
it's so good that's horrible
you gonna go inside pain Britney just
said don't wear those shoes I was like
it's fun yeah we can do this on a colder
day it's it's so cold out this is like
our trench hole right here
Oh No haha
they might have to sit there man
it's so cool dude I actually have a
four-wheel drive quad it's not as fun
though see if this thing works man oh my
gosh see bread if she's in here y'all
enough Britney in here give it out hugs
today your shoes why'd you let me wear
these shoes that's a brand new jacket
it's not as bad as you think it's not
that bad the jacket
what it'll come clean I'm so beyond Madi
oh you sound like a mom right now and a
kid comes in look at you
we got that jacket as a gift I can what
no wash it look at my nose oh yeah no
get out of my office right now Roman I
will punch you in the face kick it out
whoa yeah look you're tracking mud I
love you what what I went over exactly
how I expected if you think I'm funny
you should see my camera guys it's not
even black I gotta get a picture of it's
all mud hey buddy what's up do you want
go mud running huh flash you would look
like Zeus if you went in the mud oh my
baby my baby got all cleaned up in the
shower we're building some ramps with
the skid steer check this out
this is only the start we're gonna build
an entire track out here feel so good to
be back inside I was so wet muddy Co we
are having so check this out you're my
little monkey man who ever talks bad
about hoverboards are crazy these things
are amazing there's no way you cannot
like this I get it that they like blew
up and it was crazy and everybody had
kind of ruined it's like it's like it's
like when a song comes on the radio and
they play it over and over and over
eventually everybody hates that song
that's kind of what happened I think
with the hoverboard I love these things
and I will stand my ground I love them I
mean who wouldn't liked it whoa I mean
who wouldn't like just hanging out with
the little boy cruising around the house
did it did it 3d also we got some new
fish today let's see if we can get some
on camera
oh thanks tearing this family apart last
week maybe it was last week I went over
to Todd's before we actually went to
look at the skin steer and I was picking
out some new fish he blocked good hey
hey hey okay yeah usually when you put
new fish in a reef they hide for a few
days before they get comfortable because
the other fish have been in here for
years and they're kind of dominant
there's one back here in the porthole oh
there's two of them oh yeah a little
starfish on the glass okay these two are
new right here they're really pretty
okay there's one look how pretty is look
his eyes look at him ours oh there's a
file fish you see him right there so
this is a file fish I wish you'd turn
sideways there guys look how cool that
is
I can't remember what kind of damsel
this is but that's some type of damsel
I'll show you more as they come out but
uh the reef tank is just absolutely
beautiful I don't know if you guys
remember this tank when I started it it
has just come such a long way and years
worth of growth all these corals been
grown for years
skip this core I've never seen a green
slime er grow down in sideways usually
everything grows up
I don't think saltwater tanks and fish
interest a lot of you but to me it is
just so relaxing when the dogs are
barking in the kids are yelling
go go no my good to look at this what
the heck is happening
come on Zeus young time we should like
be in the basemap naughty I friend one
more nice trim don't go side flash no go
say flash
come on let's go side let's go sit hey
all right going out
you're crazy
we are already closing in on the end of
the year guys this is our very last
brand deal of 2016 from one of our
favorite partners and also our last
brand for them
you gotta flatten it all the way dude
all the way no I want to make sure on
this very last deal with them that they
get the most out of it guys so please go
check out audible.com if you don't know
what they are they are audio books you
can download thousands and thousands and
thousands and thousands of audiobooks I
think I say this every time but if
you're like me and you just don't care
to sit down and read a book you can just
listen to a book literally anywhere you
can listen to them now in the shower you
can listen to your books in the car from
your phone or your iPods you can you can
listen to a book while you walk your dog
you can listen to a book while you pitch
your dog you can listen to a book while
you're feeding the Hogs you can listen
to a book while you're looking for frogs
you guys are get a 30-day subscription
with the trial membership check this out
man it's just awesome and it's fun and
it's just a bit to me it's a better way
to read man you already know the drill
put the link in the top of the
description check it out don't be
skeptics kept skeptical skeptical
skeptical don't be skeptical that's it
and I just want to also thank audible
personally for being with this channel
all year I know this is our last deal
but I appreciate you guys and it has
been awesome so
ha put your body weight up there you go
push down nailed it you telling what
we're doing we're gonna play a prank on
mommy so where are you gonna chase her
me okay we're gonna melt a little this
is a classic Frankie not a little
chocolate on some toilet paper basically
looks like ready not it open ready oh
yeah chase her with it
Caine dude you have to put that in the
toilet when you're done he does he
literally just left that on the floor
why are you laughing because he just
left it on the toilet honey
Oh taste it Jane is it chocolate owe me
five dude hey hey give me five
dude that's Star I want a five not star
you know it's chocolate it's gross did
you poop on the floor Zeus did you poop
on the floor all the hairs do you want
it do you want it get away from me
all right guys short vlog for you but it
is a vlog thank you so much for hey it
was fun
King is laughing so it was like he'd be
crying if that was real poop Wow
he's learned he's a prankster in
progress this is loading bars not all
the way at 100 yes thank you so much for
hanging out with me I don't fun day like
I did a bunch of weird stuff I'll skip
through a little bit of the day getting
things done but we we did it we got a
vlog out you're all right anyway guys
thank you for everything I can't wait to
start building so much more track
outside and uh well nice chasing you
already what is this
hmm first some flash ate and puked up
pooped out the year is almost over guys
I hope you're ready to conquer 2017 make
it your year do it get up and do it
I love yet you're beautiful you're one
of a kind back there oh my gosh even see
you look you're completely hidden like
you can't even see Brett come on
t-tomorrow guys you're beautiful you're
one of a gun smile
you
