welcome to the vlog guys how are you
what's up what's up
damn is that grapefruit I look so
freaking good gotta put sugar on top
that's like the secret okay hey Rogan
you broke your mommy hope you're having
an awesome day today did it today's
one's gonna be a little different than
most plugs because today we have a lot a
lot to get done personally and
behind-the-scenes so we're gonna come on
here do a little fun Q&A for you guys
switch things up a little bit so that we
can get done I have to do all the
voice-over and all kinds of work for my
New Year's video coming out and I just
want it to be perfect for you guys
so instead of skipping a day I thought
we would come on here do something fun
and different for you guys and kind of
switch it up a little bit I'm gonna take
Flash out real quick
Zeus out real quick where I'm out with
the big RC truck yeah and I hope you
guys are having an awesome day let's go
what is this huh you coming out with me
put a coat on grab your coat it's
beautiful it's sunny it's cool but it's
it's like nice it's comfortable a little
light jacket you're good watch out flash
here we come
yeah this you're ready Wow come on pick
it up Zeus come
I totally missed it but he got it you
earned that one you got it oh yo what
did you do to my camera well
this camera's finite last much longer
ouch ohh it's so hard to drive with one
hand and film at the same time it's so
tricky oh here we go
justice come on Kane do you see these
Christmas lights are still on
look at this I'm just guessing that it's
not really made for the dirt what's a
great idea dude look pretty clean till
you just went through that
oh hi sis you tired
you look tired in your free and muddy
that thing's a beast I look out Kane's
coming outside on his board now it's all
muddy I don't know where he gets this
from I don't know where he gets this
crazy ideas from okay everything and
everybody is officially muddy and we're
gonna break this thing out Brittany got
me a grill it's called a gribbler
riddler riddle air this sucker looks
mean we proud oh it's big Louie boo your
cameras all muddy yeah thanks for
pointing it out Brittany got me this
Riddler and I was like I'm starving I
was about to throw some burgers on she's
like wait let's try it on this we're
gonna try it on this we got burgers how
do you know how to do it you look like
you've done this before you just snapped
it in like a beast I started this blog
off saying we're gonna do a Q & A and so
far we haven't done it yet we've been
too distracted and we're doing so many
things food takes over your brain and
it's like you're immediately I got to do
something
oh maybe that's how you just the height
the cook I hear it
she's working that is a ridiculous
fridge I'm not gonna lie I Anna um
what's in here that we actually need
right now just pickles okay
yeah bread and butter pickle first
question for QA what's your favorite
couples like those is about what
favorite hyper pickle I like the little
sweet gherkins - there's little sweet
ones mine's bread and butter bread and
butter pickles
oh my god these are my favorite you boys
are thirsty huh droll that running draw
that running huh it's great having one
out dogs guys ran out and then it was
good is the only thing they can actually
share is water for some reason they
share water like this no fighting no
arguing they just drink the food and
treats and bones is another world uh-huh
I'm officially addicted to carrots and
apples
yeah a whole bunch of carrots like a
whole glass of carrots and apples is so
good it takes so many carrots we that
house it mac and cheese boy hmm
you throw a couple chunks of pineapple
whoa Oh suck on it I feel like I could
get like on track eating good and
drinking better with that day it takes
so much fresh fruit vegetables oh I know
I want you to film my reaction okay okay
gonna be a real reaction is it good
that's a real reaction
yeah it's so good all right baby our
first thing made on the grit tale
griddle Gretel fresh juice frozen
burgers pickles mac and cheese and we
call ourself a dinner you know sometimes
I honestly believe that I eat
cheeseburgers just for the pickles oh
yeah Q and a time okay so there's so
much for us to do behind the scenes
mainly me tonight I have a lot of a lot
of things for the voiceovers and things
for my New Year's video our New Year's
video and it's gonna be awesome but I
have a lot of things that I have to get
done and work on and if I'm editing and
vlogging and it just takes away from us
so we're gonna do the best we can today
without skipping a day we could easily
skip today got all caught up came back
tomorrow but I thought let's do a little
something let's release a video not skip
a day we've been on a streak like 27 28
vlogs in a row so and we're maybe trying
to do a prank tomorrow oh yeah we
weren't ah it's so bad it's so mean not
not me yeah but it's got a nice ending
yeah okay trying to do a new prank
tomorrow some say I mean it's for this
channel it's like me for the manger more
so some of the most popular questions is
obviously uh you know the first one is
do you want a boy or a girl in case you
don't know Brittany's pregnant
how far along pregnant are you
you doing your mean mug face that's
three so that's that's three and a half
months okay do you want to gain boy I I
know you want a boy boy or girl final
answer he wants a boy he wants a baby
brother what are you hoping for I mean
obviously just a healthy baby but I mean
that goes without saying I would like to
have a girl but I have a feeling it's
boy really I actually think it's a but
she says she's been going like by the
baby's heartbeat and by like all these
times baby is 160s which is usually
girls wait I thought high heart beat was
boys okay so we got we got a hummingbird
in there um I get I guess for me and I'm
sure the whole family we're happy with
either boy or a girl but I already have
two girls hey you wanna fight we ready
got two boys it might be nice to have a
little baby girl in the family but yeah
I get it my work on on boy maybe get my
workout on so yeah I'm kind of kind of
rooting for a little girl but either way
is gonna be amazing I'm gonna be super
happy the way crazy a long thing mouths
how different Cain would look at the
Attic to Keith its two front teeth you
got antlers boy how'd you get your
antlers how they growing so straight oh
it's like a slingshot Oh Q and a pillow
fight um what's one thing you want to do
in 2017 yeah we 16 we went skydiving
asleep for a gravy y'all oh no to those
how many different know this year was
this year was you I mean you guys follow
if you follow the boys we did a
tremendous amount of things what do I
want to do in 2007 you want to do it one
thing one thing that I want to do okay
my one things that baby we're gonna have
the baby that's gonna happen here's
something that I've been wanting to for
a really long time and you know about
this I want to spend whether you guys
want to come with me or not I want to
spend one full week on a surfboard
somewhere where I can learn how to surf
like all week
like literally a surfboard maybe would
get pretty bored of that that's what I
mean I mean I'm saying like that's
that's why I haven't done it because
it's like would be really boring for you
guys but I just I've been dreaming of
surfing and I can vaguely surf but like
to be able to like have like I live like
a pro surfer yeah like ghosts Rafi like
go to school for a week
find a pro surfer that wants to collab
in just all week we just surf like in
Hawaii dreams of 2017 that's really what
I want to do for a week just disappear
on an island with the surfboard hi I'm a
beach yeah and I would really really
really liked wouldn't make it even fun
as if I could take my brother and my dad
like if I could get them to go with me
hmm
how about you guys what while we while
we're talking like leaving the comments
what is it that you want to accomplish
in 2017 something that you maybe failed
in 2016 failures fine like we fail all
the time with tons of things great uh
yeah and some want somebody watching
maybe it may be failed 5th grade this
year completely normal to fail try again
use the use the use the new years as
some motivation get up go get it live it
sleep it I said this yesterday you gotta
just every part of your day has to
revolve around this dream of yours and
eventually you'll be dreaming but your
eyes will be open and it'll just be
called life it'll be great speaking of
2017 what will smile more like will we
still a lot of people fear that it's
growing past us like will we still have
a store in our back yard like is that um
ok so for the end of 16 right now we
have 13 employees nice we started with
okay January 1st last year how many we
have four three two two two employees
January last year we have 13 now that's
awesome
yeah that's progress that's crazy I mean
it could go the opposite way you got it
boy don't you move that chair wah oh my
gosh funny earlier here just walking
backwards and fell straight backwards
into a box yeah
climb up the tree and not even though
earlier i'm NVR like honey i'm climbing
a tree in VR but i'm all wearing that is
what an RC truck will do to your dogs
look at them
hey Kane I got a question for you are
you still gonna dab in 2017 that was not
a hard question there you have it folks
results are in Kane will still be diving
next what's y'all they asked me this all
the time how much longer are you gonna
be vlogging I hope personally to be long
at least another week like another week
for sure
Lily no 2017 okay so do you think you're
gonna vlog all of 2017 like every day or
like we're gonna quit vlogging at some
point yeah um I'm gonna be honest with
you I don't have any as of now I'm gonna
be completely honest with you I don't
have any plans to quit vlogging like I
don't think there's a day where I'm like
guys were done like I don't see that
happening um for me to vlog every day
that's the plan like my plan is to vlog
every day yes I'm gonna miss some days
like that's that's just who I am I'm
gonna miss days the other things done
but I think yeah all of to dozens of
each should be definitely in the books
it's gonna happen if it does are you
going to vlog our birth baby I don't
believe blog Arbor know I don't know I
haven't made that decision yet and I
mean it's just as much your decision so
I mean you're the one I'm not gonna be
here I mean obviously we're not gonna
get to detail it's just gonna be like a
you know rx annal rx spirit yeah it's
not gonna be Discovery Channel uh no
it'd be a very light version of the day
that we have our baby so uh here's
another question should we film our
birth and when I say that I don't mean
like cameras filming the baby coming I
just mean like the day our baby is born
should we film that experience that I I
mean it's something I want to remember
yeah yeah and up you just got every gun
in the book don't you well it's gonna
light on it sweet since this is a QA
we're gonna ask more questions for you
guys tell us did you just yawn I did
doctor I did you yawn purple it's like
Cannes dab hide the dad
it's like one yawn / this is Q&A so we
get to ask you questions as well who do
you want to see in 2017 us collaborate
like who is it that maybe we have never
worked with before that you guys are
like man I would just love to see Roman
and Brittany have them to your house or
we go to them and uh a polar bear you
want to get a fuller bread to the house
don't over that your mouth why it's open
all over the floor and in the dog's
mouth Oh again check that Christmas face
oh my god honey yes I'm on your favorite
yeah I can't get it came uh-oh someone's
face that's gonna wrap up art was that
even a Q&A I feel like I feel like that
was kind of rough it's a rough one but I
got I got dog surrounding me canes
pulling on me I think we got it in the
queue and I came do you want to get that
um saddle out Wow okay let's do that how
do you even put this on just go around
me yeah turn around okay
oh it's like uh oh it's a good weight
belt thing well you're gonna oh my gosh
keen we're going for a ride
whoa the saddle like riding the ball you
put your butt here and you're you hold
on there
this would have been so Nick on about
ball pit hold on do the balls going you
never roved a down boy are you gonna
pull it up we're gonna start at level
one okay
you gotta make it to level 10 you get
all this horse already yeah here's level
one but your legs around a hold on with
your legs cane yeah there you go
okay think he made it level one level
two
Spears's wine in like what's going on
okay
level three it's gonna start getting a
little harder l-3 this is like what are
they doing okay
before it's okay okay
level five you're halfway there King
walk in oh he just got this bed walk in
okay level 5 you're halfway ready
are you okay oh oh you're not okay level
five dude come on you can do it came
level ten for your saddle falling off
level Tim we just roll down the steps
horse oh my god horses don't just do
that but yes they do
I've seen people die on a horse anyway
we should play Mike we should play a cow
cowboy laser tag and the kids have to be
on their dad's horses okay
daddy laser tag all right level five
ready yeah hold on
good grip with your feet it's all about
your hips alright just skip to level 10
you ready for level 10 yo yeah basically
a rocket ship
okay we're gonna skip the level 10 are
you ready yeah
oh my gosh me oh you a level-10 I didn't
you beat it right into the top of the
tree good job Roman Oh what Scott is
this up I got it oh here's this I got it
SUSE good job horsey dad I'm gonna take
I'm gonna take him into the stable we'll
be back you better feed me some hay or
grain or whatever they yo horse's life
sucks
well now that you got all your energy
out your great horse around here human
let me take you okay he's not buzz is
about to fall off buzzes hold on level
two level two buzz I truly hope you
enjoyed this vlog over just not
uploading which was the second option we
weren't gonna upload but I hope you
enjoyed this if you did please hit us
with that like button show some love I
usually don't directly ask you guys for
likes but I hope that this is better
than not uploading we will see you
tomorrow
Cain are you trying to take it off or
put it back on hmm we look we love you
guys keep your head up stay strong stay
positive we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
you want me to do them I mean
something's your legendary part I can't
do that
you could try Oh baby you almost had it
you almost had it smile more
you
