hey guys welcome to the vlog Brittany
and I are running out we got some time
to get it's bright
Hades bright sunshine bringing our
getting out a little bit of time today
we're gonna have some dinner we're gonna
go get her watch resize which I why I so
excited about it I got um friend you
know there's a ladybug alright it looks
like he's walking into the lights if you
want you know what everybody always
notice how I'm always getting passed in
my car when I'm vlogging always get in
the regular side and I just drive slow
and I'm lucky if you watch a Christmas
vlog I got Brittany a Rolex for
Christmas something that I said actually
in a vlog before that I would never ever
bop if you loved it
first of all guys girls like jewelry
they love it so when I'm looking at
jewelry I just can't get into it's like
when you look at a diamond earring or
something that you would probably like
I'm like
you don't get much for your money at
least with the watch yes it is very
expensive it is something that I even
admit it I would never buy but I'm like
my girl wants jewelry I'm gonna get her
something that I myself would Malaysian
anyways we're going to get it resized is
a very big gift and that was a very big
year for the family and we all kind of
spoiled each other big time and and you
watch the Christmas vlog you know
exactly what I'm talking about so let's
go we're getting a little time together
put you on it
stop it was my first yawn just because
you put that camera on me not true you
yawn before can't run a boat yesterday
64 degrees warm for us today 39 degrees
get back here girl where are you going a
little bit of date time date night kind
of rare rare actually right now color
bag at what point in a relationship
aren't our relationship did we stop
sitting beside each other that's you
remember when did we step aside each
other we always did you idiot
I would eat your elbow told on you let
me cut this no I want to ask you suicide
maybe like like I can't see you I always
had a good excuse because I want to eat
your elbow no in the beginning we
definitely set aside each other I know
you're like I'm cold on my own my warm
you up girl
I was slick I know cuz it never happened
we did sit beside each other there
absolutely
before we got her pregnant your brains
not working you don't remember I might
be true - sorry yawning I'm not even
recording I know you're recording it's
first-person date night hey baby
three hands I just love you so much
their me like their daddy they're mean
me a kiss baby
Oh gonna do surgery on Ian
we're bored right picking my girl up at
the door cuz I'm romantic actually she
just had to go the bathroom off to the
wash place all right I got serious
question for you it's a serious question
okay
what's it feel like knowing seven years
ago that we couldn't barely put gas in
our vehicle but you're holding a Rolex
under your coat right now I don't see it
um
kill them possum it does feel real it is
impossible blessings
it's a crazy thought guys this is these
kind of things are so mind-blowing to us
we used to be so broke the pays to just
keep going keep work and keeping it
looks like you've you've you stole it
out of one store and you're coming in
here to get it refix so you're gonna
take out five linx this guy it's hard to
even focus on it all right so now that
you have one I guess I can go ahead and
start looking I just can't have a watch
like this I can't guys you see the kind
of things that I do I would break it
I'll probably break the glass in the
first week my watch tells the time so
we're good we're good on that but you're
not allowed to go to this side of the
store that's the only rule let's do a
test
wait wait this is a test I'm gonna pick
a ring and I think that you would like
okay well I'm a different cabinet sire
the one I liked out of here okay all
right let's do that ah I think if you
picked one now I don't know exactly I
kind of know what you like but I think
you would go with this one down on the
bottom and there ain't no diamond game
right the middle right there my fingers
touching it the band another whole thing
the doubles oh is that like oh my god
see I'm staying away from this stuff can
you imagine you got all that trouble you
buy a diamond you don't even like it
like the bigger one in the middle and
then at all but you would like it oh
yeah fit yeah whoo oh mylanta you like
it does it really fit good yeah it looks
perfect
yeah and I'm swollen and pregnant so
that's way better yo you need a
wheelbarrow to get that home are you
that's it this is way too much it's a
dub yeah it's a bracelet for you yeah I
can't really see it eating it cover up
my whole entire are well that's what's
supposed to do right cover up the arse
it's oh my gosh ready 191,000 hundred
ninety thousand dollars for a ring that
you could lose like that
yeah that's late there's no GPS there's
nothing that beeps on it it's gone I
rather have a purple GCR you could have
multiple purple GTRs here's the thing
about jewelry and this is exactly why I
went for a watch because at least you
get like something in your hand with a
watch you know what I mean
that diamond I'm sorry but I've been to
jewelry shows I've been to the I know
how they mark up jewelry diamonds are
such a joke when it comes to how much
they sell them for how much they get
them for it's a massive markup so I just
don't I don't get it I don't I don't get
it I'm not a female girls love diamonds
a lot of men like diamonds too and not
every girl loves jewelry but most I can
say it's built into you I know eight
years together and I would still have
bought the wrong ring
least you know now oh yeah baby we've
been together eight years let's not rush
it okay look at this is be healing so I
think I like it as much as you want it
to be summer so I don't let the wear
jacket you see let me see let me see
this is look at that you got diamonds
you got diamonds girl well that's not
I'm glad I got out of there safe Oh
everybody's alive all I can say is find
what you love to do and live it eat it
breathe it sleep it own it
never stop how often do we go to bed at
the same time like honestly in the last
two years maybe 20 nights out of two
years we okay maybe a little more than
that but not many there is so much
behind the scenes sacrifice that has to
happen to get to where you want to be
and it's a balance you got it you do
still have to balance at the same time
we don't get up at the same part we live
two different lives I mean really hang
it up really and that's just because the
editing I still edit my vlogs like most
people would get an editor but I just I
love it and I live it and it's the
passion of it that gets you ahead and I
always say this in the vlogs find what
you love and the money will come like
you just do it don't do it for the money
it's not just gonna happen it's not luck
it's not it just didn't happen it's you
did it
who's that who is that who is that
what's up dude
are you ready a couple days ago I got a
text from my buddy over at tracks as he
said Merry Christmas it was a picture of
like a box he sent me a brand new xmax
but the cool part is look at this look
at these batteries I have never had a
battery this big in my life look at that
it takes two of them like bricks dude
they installed a 50-plus mile per hour
package on this truck which basically
means you have to have wheelie bars hey
you ain't gonna be how to catch this one
dude got that one muscles this truck
weighs so much that I can't imagine it
going
50-plus miles per hour oh it's not will
you mr. muscles for an hour see truck
it's heavy juice is so excited because
he knows that this truck is his like the
xmax is always uses truck it always has
been
oh my oh is Abby do you get a tire
squeak Oh
ready wheelie fundus did you so excited
hahaha I guess you see it
Oh barely hi we got to take it out in
the daytime please block out they're
hard to see I can't wait to get this
thing out in the day I think we take the
new caterpillar and we build the biggest
RC Graham just I fall in love with RCS
looking Zeus already punctured it it was
such a pretty truck yeah I should have
put the old body on it well it is kind
of Zeus's how bad you want it how bad do
you want it this even flash was going
after it tomorrow me and you we got a
date in the yard Dona Dona motto
atheneum two feet by himself
the big bad wolf train kind of a short
vlog for you today but we are gonna sign
off now and in the vlog I will see you
tomorrow thank you for joining us today
hanging out with us and I have an idea I
have an idea
no it just looks like it's the light
right there oh it was perfect so dumb so
dumb I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
