welcome to the vlog guys welcome to
another day it's actually kind of
beautiful here in Ohio any cloudy little
Nick I'd like your meteorologist for the
state of Ohio it's such a dumb habit to
talk to you guys about the weather
welcome back relax grab a snack if you'd
like I am for day today
not yet today is day four no sugar
silly for a clears sugar and for good as
natural no added sugar I should say no
added sugar and I'm feeling good like I
really do feel good not sure if I got
the craving stage of it yet but I feel
good I feel how I feel great man
that'll be instead got some off-camera
errands done and I am running one right
now to do something most requested item
that we've ever had I mean the Tulsa
researchers on our entire store is this
oh no other at you know the most
requested pop sockets are finally
available guys here they are they're
awesome I'm not gonna lie I didn't even
know what these things were not that
long ago but look check this out I'm
addicted I'm literally hooked so can't
put this on my phone like I didn't
understand I was like what it might be
you guys won't create that's our number
one most searched item on all of our
smile over everything and we never had
them so we got them they're available
right now but look Kane put this on my
phone last night as like just like he
wanted to do it stick it on there okay
cool I'm hooked I love it I get it now I
finally get what the pop I finally
understand it and I love you feel
younger I don't do any younger but I I
get it and it's so for you convenient
but I do that now you're just going to
be king selfies all day right no so yes
top sockets are available right now
Roman Atwood calm tops link of this
description other thing that was in the
back of the vlogs I don't think anybody
found mistakes nobody could've I can't
even find it it B is all the new water
bottles are in and they're totally
different they are I love them so
they're all see-through now so you can
see if they're clean you can see if
there's a straw in them it just makes
them and lastly we found a hidden box of
creepy crawlers left we don't have many
but they've been out they sold out
pretty quick we found
this many so that is available right now
creepy crawlies and that's it pops off
these water bottles some creepy crawlies
we're stealing them you're paying for
that
there's my ELab I want a hand feed the
seal I know I could but he won't I want
to I want a hand feed my eel he's uh
he's back here somewhere
he is I can't see his face he's always
coiled up in this s you guys know hole
it's funny because I always vlog about
this stuff but really when I'm vlogging
it it's not actually on the site until
the vlog goes up I hear what you're
putting down okay that's good what you
guys looking at huh
I love my fish man now all of us get it
and just like that everything is up on
the website maybe what you can get done
by yourself just just doing it just
making it happen right I don't have a
roaster pan I'm going to cook it in the
crock-pot
but it takes like seven hours so I'm
going to cook it in the oven with only
50 minutes 50 minutes sounds good yeah
that one I don't really nothing will fit
a Dixie cup Zeus and flash just got back
from the groomers look how good they
look we got to the most shedding dogs in
the world one being the German Shepherd
the other being Brittany sure no one
being a husky these guys shed in you oh
he is a little puppy flesh dust boys but
a puppy and he has a shepherd he's now
starting his coat is coming out yeah you
know little puppy no more are you I'm a
full-grown boy any of the above take
your pick have you got options you
yelling for your mother young man work
Oh Lisa's a boiling pan no you can't put
that in the oven
see oh no but your copper chefs you can
find it little flesh but you want to
draw it over the last couple days we
started a little challenge here at the
house and I've also challenge you guys
to do it with a push-up now we just
started at ten push-ups that's it it's
so awesome to see a lot of you guys
doing them with us so here we go get off
your chair wherever you're at maybe not
on the bathroom floor if you're going to
the bathroom right now but here we go
all we have to do is twelve today we add
one every day tomorrow will be 13 you
ready will you smiling about bathroom
just very just in because a lot of
people watch water long what about them
it's true yeah
OSU is 12 let's do it together ready
one two three four five seven hello well
baby well your job good job came in like
20 waiting for us we'll be 13 to morrow
it's a fun little thing to just it gives
you energy to the fishtank is just
flourishing it's so packed unbelievable
I would still probably won't get any
work done if I did this what build like
a not me build cuz it will fall off but
like a Ledge right here and then put
stools like bar stools so basically you
could sit and edit and I don't know I
think it would be amazing but I wouldn't
get any work done imagine trying to work
right here looking at Nemo and Dory
making movie where's Bruce Nine's Bruce
ever filming number three finding
through birth okay look how
pretty this is
I wish you guys could see it in real
life the camera doesn't do justice
justice so for now we are waiting for I
think my mom and dad are coming over
maybe my brother and his kids and then
my friend Dennis Dennis Roady is coming
over the house we're gonna try to film a
new video he's always got like crazy
props and crazy toys and it was like
everything crazy prank related he's
going to bring some stuff and hopefully
make a video oh so good what's up my
dog's about to kill you
who's barks flash hugs what did you
bring dude what do you got I was telling
my viewers you always have the strangest
again like crazy little babies so I
haven't opened it yet
Brendan's got in the mail but I hope I
hope it looks good I've never ordered
this before two black scorpion and you
did what
Dale's on a new kick where he eats tons
of stuff we want it right hi I'm protein
well although edibles made to eat and
here like food
in some countries the scorpion they each
would be is like breakfast or something
like freeze-dried or a please dry this
forever
dusty open this bedroom doctor oh no you
want to be I'll and a wizard that is so
funny to his consumption these are gonna
be alive ah was already in pieces
yeah I know not I'm going in my mouth I
knew it we're gonna do with salt oh it
is not mouth terrible you gotta eat it
now quiet let me see what now don't
smash it
I'm gonna smash it his pincher is I know
yeah like what's this short for actual
like yes what's the actual purpose of it
to eat it er yeah food did you buy on
Amazon yeah oh man dehydrated with light
dusting of salt yeah I'm guessing
somewhere maybe even one of you guys
kitty just no problem like it should've
read it first out of life he bought
candy you want peace no he's way too
smart dude my kids know by the sound of
my voice that something's are the water
sweet yeah with it the water bugs what
they call them water scorpion I don't
want open in just yet I smell like a
dumptruck Lou are you eat that like pop
damn please you heard you take a viola
if anybody would do it it's my dad yeah
you said they're for eating right you're
not bull crap oh look it's nothing salt
wait I got a web where you save or
something first
what you have one be seriously gonna eat
that
no better than the tarantulas I used to
live on when I was in the desert okay
wait you go ahead first remember little
buddy swim I've seen a long time without
food you have to eat some oh yeah I know
we got a whole house we'll see how no I
die
hold it yeah this whole thing guys are
you ready hello pleasure we do how long
would you have to go for you to eat
something like this not that long
yes well you'd have to how was it mom
open your mouth I've ever seen seafood
dollars like oh okay I think it's kind
of in between rotten meat and bacon
oh so tempting I'm such a sissy with
weird foods and like even like Dennis
and I travel to Thailand he was fine
like you're good at that I'm gonna head
up crackers no I almost dot like I you
and I let me diarrhea
it was really bad as we're in the
Bahamas at night you see who's crawling
everywhere you didn't even know you
could be cooking them in rows would have
been living like kings down there bring
you on wing through the word oh good job
dad good job it's seasoned with salt
cooked dehydrated mixed bugs seasoned
with some throw my glasses I could
totally sell bugs if I came to you guys
nothing I got a business proposition I
wanna I wanna I wanna cellphone app
anyway would laugh at me right I blow
the dehydrate on the coloring so I have
I have a mystery for you the second most
popular man in the world lived on bugs
and honey there you go is that Winnie
the Pooh that's the mystery question
right there for all your who was it and
what you're asking oh yeah I'm not to
tell you it's so cold man okay we're
going to pile up heading the store
Denisof then it's basically oh yeah
whole day six o'clock they actually
built the truck around the egg we are
running down to the store real fast
Dennis makes these videos where he
teaches you how to thank you
and you want to get a box of John Adam
elefante very worth it yeah Valentine's
chocolates is what we have a big one Oh
middle time do ya get 100 long no sugar
though man this is just painful no sugar
what do you mean I have a chest I'm four
days strong oh you're back on that four
days that I get fresh yeah fresh but
those are the hardest days oh my gosh
did you know us biggest lemonade
you brought me you did this on purpose
this is the prank to bring me to the
sugar Isles that's what your plan was no
and I were tested how am I going to make
it minute much longer if I make it maybe
I make it another day maybe I'm making
another week I don't know how long I'm
going to make this the longer I go the
more I create some of you guys are doing
this too and I'm sure you're having my
fans check out what's in there Jane you
want to show him how to do you've never
done a hoverboard you want to teach him
you want to like use my shoulder to get
on and stretch no it's like no make him
do it I'm far away from
you got it that's it I was really
natural we're going hey how do you get a
howdy so I'm over here eating cucumbers
and green peppers and carrots Dennis is
preparing brownies brownies mm-hmm
that's awesome
I figured this out the prank that Dennis
is planning is just to get this into our
house right now he saw the video airing
that hold on I know they're not even
sure okay watch this this is the only
guy that I've ever met my entire life
that is always whether there's a camera
on or not always pranking people that is
true you prank people that's what you do
and he he does it but usually you're
like oh there's the camera something's
up he doesn't he doesn't care if it's on
camera this prank shoot I wanted it
Batali where I didn't have the cameras
in my pocket I said the audio go on like
this and I miss what he called 9-1-1 so
i was good brownie surprise for
valentine's day you know you really know
how to treat the ladies this is gonna
see you in the kitchen
Oh baby brownies for me and you come in
with that face just for you bad yeah
just for you Brett Valentine's Day is
coming up thank you
oh hey how close can I get to you know
this for you though
get away it's it's fun you know you
won't throw your stuff hmm
oh I'm not I'm not I'm not doing
anything
welcome to scrapbooking oh I can't
believe you threw the fake counselors
get your brownie Dennis ones this video
coming out like you up when your videos
up when this videos going on 3 p.m. East
Coast okay alright
roba Network law 3 p.m. East Coast
you're there or not so I don't want to
give up all of what Dennis made tonight
it's pretty funny Brittany definitely
like bug we definitely know that next
time when you say Dennis just coming
over I'm just making plans let me be
gone for the weekend so my we're both
not gonna be here the house the shooters
yeah thank you me two keys the cat I
want to drive that bad at all so you
know Dennis has been to your house right
here you go you go to use the restaurant
and that's it now you just you just need
to go potty this is the minutes back in
Julian hanging it out although you know
one okay measure Malmo on that she would
literally never come back never come
back over never see it again
Noah's new on/off switch for his room
check this out I was awesome
we're getting to that time and night
where it's bedtime when you think all
that dude we do a lot of weird stuff but
we never do things of bugs grandpa eaten
uh my dad eating that bug geez sound of
look you like sonic sound like I'm two
taillight them to it I sort of like it
looks like yeah potato check for logs
and sunshine I'm good with the crunch
mother not both of books attention
buzzes thanks I love you dude more than
anything
you mean that big I mean that big bear
hug oh look it's not like you open your
mouth and please come on headless what
are you doing I use it I love you
that was awesome love you bud
alright I'm gonna end this vlog blur
blurry camera there we go
so more pizza guy came over cuz I was
cold and then they just swarmed me
amazing thanks for hanging out with us
today guys we had a very unusual evening
it was a fun day got a lot of work done
caught up on some things huh couple
things before we go out the small merch
is up
Dennis's video hopefully will be up in
Brittany and I you me will be jumping
over to our live me account after this
vlog so if you're watching this vlog
right now we'll be going a lot at this
video goes up at 3 p.m. Eastern our live
stream I'm live got me will go up at 4
p.m. Eastern so come over hang out with
us join us we're going to just goof off
through some things we're going to talk
about baby names and really it's an
extension to our daily vlog so come hang
out with us we love you guys so much
thank you for the support and my back I
think is on fire we check it Aloha it's
so harm is like we're all and my
battery's dying and we love you guys
thank you for everything you tomorrow
you're one of a kind and your beautiful
mama
you
