you ready here come on you can do it a
little man yesterday we started a
challenge where we're going to add one
pushup
each day we started with 10 today is
just 11 if you want to do them with us
jump down get off your chair do it with
your friends do it with your family
let's do this come on tough guy
Eddie yep go to 300 all right okay good
job good job dude you guys doing with us
I hope you did just get our blog start
we're going to try to add a push up each
day tomorrow will be twelve just twelve
day three no sugar and I'm definitely
feeling it got a bad headache no
caffeine either so I cut out my red
bulbs that I usually drink and that's
cause in my head just like crave sugar
here we go let's get the blocks third we
got a little bit of snow not what we
wanted you guys ready to come in you
won't come in for us dogs love the snow
they love it we got a couple things to
do today no one are going to take off
ready for sure 100%
yes coat keys you driving or me soon did
soon you're 12 now 16 I've been driving
like that and then your boy began you'll
be going again here be 21 you going to
getting to be my age and it's pretty
much over okay we'll be back love you
let me love you know I love you a lot
for what I'm going to try and make
ketchup into a shovel yeah that's the
two strangest things I've ever heard
somebody made I am going to take bananas
and nut
I'll be back ok I love you so much oh
look what else came in guys my pink the
Congress for our baby girl so excited
about I've never been so excited I don't
know why I even care that much but I'm
just I don't know we were really really
hoping for a lot of snow today like
North East I think got a bunch a bunch
of stuff so we just missed it and when
is like cruising by so hopefully we get
another shot at it
you definitely have funding to do in
this mess alright so the first stop on
the it are you gonna get out of here I
think party clothes oh you got this you
got is huh like nothing these are game
game versus game game Bob
no one's going in stuff I have stuff
over at Carl's real quickly to a couple
think you like me you got a cool place I
mean it's our school look at this car
what an alley all right whoo okay here's
the deal you live in the city you have
no stars you get this awesome telescope
that you know I want what's it going to
take to get it to my house
what did I saw those windows of it no
you didn't hit Mike you think you can
see the flag on the moon with this thing
you have batter I just like greater pan
like this boy I wanted to ask you but
you really do have this thing kinda it's
like a dust collector dude I know looks
like my brain channel over here oh let's
say I'm like you gotta cut a hole in
your chest out of my head
whoa whoa that's so cool yeah I
retaining these and I use this that
there's kind of peel and stick yeah well
no dude it just happened to me really
boom you're killing me right now do
pizza salty delicious greasy hot pizza I
mean roll almond Roman
I don't even eat almonds or that batter
that's so Drive initially in a desert
did I eat and drywall normally challah
pieces just tell me now how is it
get into a couple places real quick then
no one are going to run to the game
store and then we're back home we're
going to do some stuff tonight with the
bam bam - ba-bam what I'm doing this
myself
other than my choice spicy like this on
the catwalk yeah and I do my little
dance on the catwalk I do
we've been standing in a store and you
still haven't showed me what exactly it
is you're looking for you don't have it
it's the game story thing at every game
sorry dude I'm just cranky because I
need food this girl has lived in this
look at our life looks different now
healthy food means a lot of preparation
you pretty much live in the kitchen
please to get enthralling - it's like
the olden days why you made all these
for teach doesn't seem to make sense to
me me and the kids are going to do
something that we don't want to actually
the kids Kane has been asking me to do
take that right is that what you think
of mommy's tortilla chips brick wait
whoever gets upstairs first gets to play
first wait wait before you do that you
got to go grab the blanket for me
so you can cuddle you got to grab the
blanket come on ah smart now I'm gonna
play oh you beat me Noah Noah what house
like where is he Kenny what happened
what's the matter
ah for the last few days the kids even
playing skate three like crazy super
point it's an older game but it's like
it's so much fun is that toilet water
cane thank you say let's make a gaming
video with Mickey game of is so here we
go we're going to make a quick little
fun skate three get the cell phone game
I take for a video I wish that I wish
that I had actually recorded all the
stuff we've already done real gamers
used things called oh god oh well I
not really gain or so I'm just going to
pick up a camera on a tripod record the
screen in the record us we're going to
sync them up right here you want to go
for the highest hollow meet or the
lowest Ptolemy's this is a crash contest
it won't break the most bones I get good
nollie first we should be the highest
all right oh hey yours for the Walker
the walk Oh
47 ok 47 is the number to beat alright
daddy's up here we go oh my girls look I
don't know what that is good Oh 40,000
all right come on just step it up yeah
step it up dude 40 is just not cutting
it now there used to be good number
why do I keep em for yay 1000 I know sir
no it was good he does like guy diamond
tricks is possible for you wait what do
you mean it oh my god I told you 7000
what is your guys's favorite game eyes
up right now what is your favorite game
what's the game that you go to that you
play maybe you play it every day
what is that game right now I haven't
played as much video games as I'd like
to play biggest kickflip oh okay I got
you now I got you oh okay it's not over
it's not over it's not over oh I think
you still beat me though I'll get better
I'm getting mad I'm catching up to no
skills back in your cannibal go back in
your channel oh oh this will give
me a good one there we go
no doing a little Minj action skydive
sloppy okay that's good
aim for the pole yeah whoo you know what
well I'm kind of rooting for you today
Oh keep going on the wrong way
your turn hey I wasn't attention to well
but I think I took this one daddy ain't
take the broken bone competition mommy
won't try okay if me and the family the
kids we wanted to make a gaming video
for the vlog every now and then what the
game we should play like what is that
game what should we play next tell me
the comments like what's the game yeah
well you're like one so far Oh God Oh
too bad your score stood quick little
gaming video for you guys um daddy takes
it daddy takes the win thanks buddy
you always make me feel so accomplished
you know like I didn't even do anything
but you make me feel like I did
something like with my life there is
always really affectionate you want a
place you really only want you to win my
biggest fan so uh I couldn't help notice
the enormous amount of flowers on the
counter honey what's going on
yes something tell me nice his wife's
room and it's the people that printer
shirt sent those yeah you know those are
amazing
what'd you take that - we take that
right I know that no sorry
just stop I mean II thought it was
brought this in on a flatbed truck or
something it's so big like a semi trucks
had to bring it back down
these are the chip things mm-hmm like
burnt hair did you even try it you'd
even try it I did I had a whole it
smells just like brown hair we are so
much oh my god Nick she's kicked my face
when you laugh yeah you are you are grow
grow grow up rolling well I am halfway
really halfway then I'm so depressing
halfway I know what what's this little
girl now I bet if I lay down that melon
as you guys if you have kids you know
exactly what I'm talking about pregnancy
and if you don't have kids you're gonna
find out eventually maybe one day that
pregnancy is be longest wait of your
entire there's nothing in this world
that takes longer than pregnancy anyway
to get married as well guys we are
getting back into the original routine
of just fun and family forgive us the
last of you probably a week now has been
very very mellow mellow is a good word
quiet peaceful not really how I roll
because the weather sucks in resistance
though that's not it
actually that's not it well then what is
it Roman it's just been like in ER I've
been in a rut like I've been in a rut I
will say that once the weather starts
bringing yeah yeah you're gonna count
more you're going to do more but if it
was a bunch it's not that it wouldn't
keep me from going out so that's not it
hang in there guys thanks for being
beside us I said all the time thank you
so much we will get back into the groove
I've got so many cool brothers and some
more cool things I line up their gaps in
their space and you know wait for me
kind of when I'm waiting for them I'm
just like I was coming up instead of
like planting things you know what I
mean like I'm not planning great things
up to that I'm just like Oh next
Thursday is going to be dranking next
oh how I miss Thursday was my Thursday
Roman your birthday I did today I really
need you today you did remind me but I
knew I would have known by the time I
got here yeah well you guys are you
should be telling you I love you guys so
much thank you thank you thank you for
absolutely everything
thanks for we sharing the blogs with
friends and family to do your push-ups
11:00 tomorrow we're doing 12 that's all
I got
I absolutely love you guys thanks for
everything you're beautiful you're one
of a kind mom
you
