welcome to the blog guys welcome to day
two of absolutely no sugar I'm cranky
I'm grumpy nobody talked to me don't
speak yeah I feel pretty good actually
of that egg today will mark tonight will
mark 48 hours with no sugar no added to
the fruits is harmful eating fruit
really like eggs uh woman go crazy crazy
crazy talk let's say you've even
prepared to eat healthy but let's say
you got to go somewhere oh I got a
meeting or I gotta fly to New York
there's nothing good to eat usually
getting a pack everything you know to
pack it all you gotta be prepared I'm
never going to be able to do this Guinan
she did she packed our breakfast this
morning which was these awesome little
oatmeal things she made I don't wanna go
too crazy with this stuff but it's true
it's so easy to eat like crap and if
you've made it with me I asked you guys
a couple days ago to join me in a no
sugar diet if you've made it with me
good job if you have it I'm with you I'm
with you no hard feelings is just so
much funner and better and easier and
tastes better to eat like crap it is it
me feels so good man you're kind of
scary right now your person your notepad
and your you ready shut this place down
and I'm ready to get some deals you get
a lot done with a notepad you can walk
up to just about anybody with a notepad
and you look official like you can get
people to do things okay
star fruit yo Thank You Cameron you
haven't they're cool when you cut them
is just like a star huh literally
everything I like has added sugar and it
drives me nuts
any sauce ranch higher stakes off a one
whatever it is then there then there
some up some racks of beef dude look at
that I refuse to go too crazy with this
stuff and bore you with it I'm just
ready for like a change man I feel like
crap all the time and I know it's from
not just sugar but like I drink too much
pop and I drink energy drinks I just I
go like this okay peanut butter balls
you want to eat like a bunch of dry
unsalted peanut or do you want a bowl of
Coco Bonnie's dude I know what my brains
telling me to do a chocolate holder puff
to get the best name who's the guy that
comes up with cereal names that would be
fun to me like comic Krispies that's
awesome man
these ones actually have nothing to do
with the cereal leaping lemurs that
there's nothing to do with lemur cocoa
chips it's the same cereal it's just
chocolate gorilla munch it's the same
thing this is the business right here do
you imagine right here $10 for
Madagascar vanilla bean look at that I
just want the jar the jar so cool
Oh
ah
yes
most of my spell
come on get out of there people are
staring at you
Oh without me this Saturday guys we are
trying to do another live stream and
live stream for a while and this stream
is going to be focused mainly around
trying to figure out what we're going to
call our baby girl we do have have a
couple names everyone name I have one
name that I really really like but I'm
not settled on I had one day that I
really really is it's the same as long
with the same name as of now we told you
guys this before but we want to go alive
with you guys Saturday I don't have an
exact time yet but I will I will
complete it I will keep you guys posted
on that obviously we're going to do a
lot more other things inside the
livestream but that's kind of maybe the
focus so if you want to come join us
throw names at us help us pick this name
we're going to do that Saturday other
than that we got some food at the store
I guess you call it food
it's actually really real good real good
that's actually a real good fit we're
just headed all the kids are there we're
going to eat and I'm starved it is no
food now normally I'd go out like old
McDonald that sounds good all right you
can't do that that sounds so good I'm
gonna put you got anyway it's just
tougher you guys know a lot of you guys
are actually doing this and a lot
you have been doing asking some people
like I've been sugar-free for two years
Congrats huge problems let's go home
let's continue this vlog welcome back I
know we didn't upload yesterday
apologies I came apologizing when you
get mad at me for apologizing skip a day
I don't ever stick really into plenteous
I know I'm so far hey guys what's up
dude we'll say something oh I knew you
did coming every to starfruit you've
seen one huh
how cool is that oh the girl like that
seriously though what you did it oh I
just opened up a burglary look I'm not
getting every single blueberry like one
laughs every blueberry
five-second rule rule honey and I only
bought strawberries we can still run
them all after these dogs plumbing in
here Briscoe ha
right on the hot water now you get done
yesterday I spent a lot of time cleaning
my office my office was buy cream show
you guys like it was the stuff
everywhere pieces everywhere parts of
our cameras everywhere and we got our
big signs I want to bring one in and try
to put it in there look at this door
this place is packed
yeah you want to kick the lights on
because you feed him every day huh see
you think he's getting a treat here you
go Brainiac okay okay check this out
dude
is it cool look at that that is so
awesome
these are all aluminum too so they're
metal they're really really nice
ever since I showed these the first time
we got to get little nightlight versions
that plug into your ear socket like that
but imagine if it's only like that big
and it glowed
you get the ones that like to project
the image on the wall yeah feeling yeah
you think it's funny
but it's not that fly oh wait the drawer
yeah let me explain this yeah please
baby Ike
this is artisan like I said yes there's
been a bunch of time in my office trying
to just get it to be a comfortable
workplace you need a spot that you can
go and you can work comfortably and you
can you know shut the doors and get your
work done
my office is turned into a place that I
take everything and I just pile it in
you guys know my handyman skills I'm the
best at so I moved this poster from the
living room into my office I hung this
up and then this here's my poster right
there hanging up I'm just doing my thing
cleaning and boom the whole poster fell
off the wall it was like that super nice
thick glass it was glass everywhere in
here did you break my poster he's like
nope shirt it
turning upstairs I thought was a huge
possibly little wish it was this seems
to always happen you clean a room out
and then the next room fills up hey okay
ah you chained your chin I just don't
feel I got enough something I think this
be nice what are you doing you're all
honey we're gonna have it we're going
out another clip of the day guys I'm
ready to go spaces oh my gosh
can't you mount it on the wall hey Eddie
I think we all learned our lesson there
okay Mel paint on the wall guys here we
go
that's look good hold up at all the old
Hill time and play button hold it up
it's why everything this way everything
falls and breaks in my life because I
don't I don't know how to mount
I just set things on top like it's just
sitting on top of things this their dead
robot over here need some batteries oh
this looks like the one I do have an
extra battery should I charge them up
mmm do I just put it here oh it looks
like he's alive after all of us nobody's
safe huh you think you're saving nobody
safe I gave you the battery you should
be on my team I think you're taking the
right guy here
Oh see teammates forever plus you a
groovy baby Oh Matty ah okay you guys
ready mommy you join in you get in mono
don't be shy you can do girl 1 you can
do pregnant push-ups here we go right
now right now this is a challenge get up
you're doing it with us get off your
chair do it with your family do it with
your friends whoever you're with right
now I don't care where you're at
ready this is going to be the easiest
thing you've ever done
ready Noah get off your phone you look
like me right now get off your phone 10
push-ups
that's it however you can do them if you
want to do them on your knees you want
to do them regular however you can do it
tomorrow we're going to do 11 the next
day we're going to do 12 we're going to
add one every day super simple all right
guys
hop down with us come on do it with a
ten push up that is kneeling drop like
that ready
really are we all in cause this game I'm
just going to come to it it is already
ready go 1 2 3 4 5 7 8 9 okay now today
Eddie
and for dessert fruit smoothies come
here come here come here look snowing we
need I don't even want it we need it we
need snow guys look at this
so pretty you can see it oh yeah yeah
if I did come here flashing it oh my
gosh he's going crazy
that's not bad but you really just bring
a whole whole piece of wooden Mouse
what are you doing take that out take it
outside
look at him right now you take it you
carried it in flash take it oh come on
good boy no Elsa all the way out that's
good not all the way down good boy
I said all the way down flash hey good
boy no good boy yeah good boy flash he
dropped it it's that perfect sticky snow
no from the grill it's like brown grill
ball grill bosses are gonna smell looks
so cool
we need this man we need some roof now
rip all that looks cool dude
exactly what we needed tonight meant a
little energy burn a little fun time a
little plate on outside of the house I'm
coming up almost exactly on 48 hours
with no added sugar and I got to tell
you I'm feeling it like I'm sure
everybody has a different reaction but
I'm almost like dizzy headache my body
is craving sugar right now I'm not going
to give in to this I really want to beat
this my chose to do we could no sugar
yeah even cutting back is good you'll
have to go full throttle baby bottle you
thought bubbles yeah that's it oh that's
just a spline
I could watch 10,000 days daddy down
daddy down it's like my chest went
forward with my legs dead my feet are
too slick did I got these snow bottoms
on maybe we'll wake up there'll be
15,000 feet of snow hopefully not that'd
be really bad maybe maybe a foot a foot
of snow would be good well I'm wet can't
imagine having the technology you have
right here in your room when I was a kid
like seriously you're all linked up
Twitter to TV watching you
oh don't worry guys it's about that
popper bet I'm going to go ahead and say
good night - no it was my better than
that needs nothing to you I'm just gonna
put any battery in and be done I will
and you know I could enjoy with you but
I'm afraid this battery's gonna die I'm
gonna shut it off right now look plush
red you think see just kidding it's on
dad better he's not dead night mama
good night good night baby oh she's
growing hay no probably good time to
sign off for today guys thanks for
hanging out with us thanks for being
back on track with us we miss yesterday
which no excuses I just didn't Phil man
I just some days I'm just like I'm gonna
not so how hi Li said hi oh thanks for
sticking by our side I guess I should
say through excitement through boredom
you're here and we love you for that
thank you so much we will see it
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
mama
is that what I sound like you
you
