hey guys before this vlog starts I just
want to let you know that it is
currently Christmas Day it's 4:00 in the
morning 343 in the morning I just
finished filming the main Channel video
I don't know if it's going to go on the
main channel though so keep your eye out
for it today it's either going to go on
the main channel we're going to dust it
off or it's going to go on this channel
right here I feel like it's more of a
diss channel video either way keep your
eye out for it I will post it on Twitter
the second it goes live it's 4:00 in the
morning Christmas Day my kids are going
to be up in a couple hours to open
presents so I have a lot of work to do I
am not sleeping at all I love you guys
Merry Christmas let's go welcome to the
vlog this is not actually where I
started today's vlog we did an entire
Christmas Eve with the family today and
we will get to that but I wanted to
start the vlog right here it is
currently 11:40 p.m. 20 minutes till
midnight 20 minutes until it's
officially Christmas I am doing
something that I've tried for three
years and has fallen through every
single year for many reasons this is my
attempt this year to dust off the old
prank channel that I promised you guys
and it is super risky it's just
something that I can't guarantee will
actually work I'm not even sure that we
call this a prank I'm not going for the
prank aspect I'm actually just want to
see what happens when I do this it's not
really uh I got you or I it's not like
that so I don't think it's a prank
necessarily over the last few weeks Dale
my brother and I have been joking around
with his two kids his boys about what
would happen if we captured Santa like
when santa came
when they finally go to sleep and Santa
shows up at the house what would happen
if we caught so tonight I'm going right
now to pick up Santa Claus we're gonna
collaborate with Santa this is such a
difficult video and it always falls
through because it's hard to like
Santa's busy this time of year so it's
not like I can just yo Santa I need you
tonight he's busy I don't want to give
this all up but we're gonna wake up
Dale's kids Dale's gonna wake up his
kids and say hey we just caught Santa
alright guys so just arrived and we were
meeting Santa for the first time Santa
yes nice to meet you thank you very nice
to meet you you are a beautiful Santa
Claus here's the main issue right now
they'll just text me says the kids are
in bed they're in bed but they're pretty
hyped up you guys know how it is on on
Christmas night you're excited I
remember being a kid and I couldn't
sleep sleeping was impossible for me so
we're kind of hanging out here waiting
for the kids to fall asleep completely
before we head over set up our cameras
and wake them up to meet Santa Claus
skip and pass some time it is currently
12:55 in the morning so it's officially
Christmas guys Merry Christmas
it's 5:00 till 1:00 in the morning we're
headed to my brothers his kids are
asleep
what's up dude check it out we got Santa
Claus big Dan okay sounds amazing
Tommy cameras Dale thinks if I'm in it
like the kids see me there's a chance
that they're gonna say it could be a
prank so I'm gonna have to sit this one
out in the set up cameras and probably
just listen to you guys this would be
like a full show like I'd have the ear
wire and you'd be like feeding my stuff
and like a van out front or something do
this isn't this isn't a showroom
and me this couple anyway he's so noisy
there'll be no way you could sneak in
this house man magic it's magic decibel
when we like stick my head in you're
backing out we're shooting intro of the
video which sucks that we have to do
that before I feel like half this blog
I'm whispering to you guys um it is what
time is it right now 4:20 a.m. look
that's how long it's been since I did
the intro which brings us right back
here we shot the video I think the video
is I hope it's amazing I could only hear
it I couldn't be in the room so I had
this camera with Dale Mike amazing I
have so much to edit this vlog needs
edited and just keep your eye out for it
it's gonna go up Christmas Day I just
have not decided if it's going on the
prank channel or if it's going on this
channel I feel like it's for us it's for
like our family and you guys like it
that's what it is I just don't know if
it's a prank channel video either way I
hope you guys love it it's going up
today on either channel I will tweet it
that being said let's actually start the
vlog from Christmas Eve this is so
confusing so let's bounce the Christmas
Eve
family friends let's go welcome to the
vlog guys Merry Christmas if you're
watching this Christmas Day I hope
you're having a wonderful beautiful
Christmas with your friends your family
whoever it is Jane's really really
hustling up Britney's mom just got here
today's gonna be a lot of Brittany's
family and last night last night
Brittany has Dale and my friend John
bringing this giant box that's my
present yeah what is it I'm going to
tell you what is it I know what this is
this is for your mom hey Merry Christmas
there's a lot of suspense going on here
lots of gifts coming in and doll we're
just getting started here so let's do it
you guys brought the whole store like
this is all from them this mystery
you have to turn your back because
there's couple your goods we couldn't
rap so you just got to turn your back I
got it well just drive it up the
driveway and up
so the real mystery is what's under this
box yeah just one little like corner I
can't see the corner I need you yeah you
ready just you want to sort put
everybody's in piles
oh man getting right to it huh ready
ready ready ready ready where you going
so you just preparing for the future I
got you
what's up buddy Gil Gil in the house
me amber lots of kids should even care I
thought she's gonna freak out on me I
never seen these before you already
opened a gift I was just joking but
these really are Cana Noah's beautiful
good job that's for me and mommy Wow
it's not even like this is crazy
these are nose Merry Christmas little
girl mama
yo Christmas look at this hair you oh my
goodness you ready to party yeah what
you got chocolates I'm gonna attempt to
film what I can everybody's kind of just
digging in doing their thing go ahead
buddy paw patrol paw paw what'd you get
ah jeez emoji slippers those are cool
and you got gloves it's a madhouse it's
a madhouse
wow what a cane we can put the star on
the tree with this
what is it good to the dog bone it's a
chocolate Santa that's not hollow you
know my own safe yeah it is you can tell
by the weight isn't Hollow
it's hollow but now you can inject it
with jell-o jell-o Sam's above us yeah
get you a steam guard hey yeah dude
that's a good gift right there oh I
wonder what that is
wait this is from you
what you get are you excited
boo other of their opening gifts guys we
got this right here is the best thing
I've ever had in my life
what are you doing nothing Aaron not the
best cookie ever what take it what are
you gonna eat out in my hand I was gonna
hand it to you there you go and I good
okay now you have to take it oh yeah I
know that's why some targets come I have
to break those in today stick these on
the ground and then d'Alene hit them oh
that's cool thank you so much
hey Cain daddy's gonna teach
get ready take one finger here and then
you just lightly very gently
oh sorry Eliza the lesson was for Cain
yeah that's so cool
actually this is amazing oh it's all you
needed dad looky there Kate it matches
your new AR now you gotta get now you
got to get pink bullets pink bullets
today make them I don't know this is a
this is a uh this is an ammo crate for
like bullets
dude cap guns they're the best that was
loading up oh yeah keep going
Oh Tom be kidding me that's awesome so
hey you better thank you I'm the
Christmas ninja oh yeah
all right guys we are stepping out for a
minute taking Noah he's going to a
Christmas party today so I'm gonna miss
you little buddy
yep he will be back tonight and until
then have fun pot what just a couple
hours yeah okay cool cool see I don't
even know here I don't you know my boys
on schedule you know about you know what
I'll talk to your secretary
I'll have her talk to my assistant and
we'll meet in the middle
I'm a superhero now fight crime so it's
hard to get a hold of me is what I'm
saying
hope you're having an awesome day man we
are having a blast and that's where
we're at right now I'm gonna take no
drop them off it's party and that's it
I'm gonna fly that let's just fly there
while we driving like it let's just go
her my drive let's just fly if you miss
yesterday's vlog this this is what we
did we hit some ramps dude you missed
yesterday's vlog we took this limo we uh
we built this jump we were ramping over
it we rolled the limo Jake jumped that
little hill over there with the limo
definitely check it out if you did not
see it now I'm actually at the end of
today guys thank you so much for being a
part of everything we do our friends our
family Christmas Eve Christmas jokes on
our family you guys are here for so many
things
look at this look at this today look at
this this is so much crowd we tried
really hard tonight as I hope you love
the new video I'm not even gonna call it
a prank I don't think it's a prank at
all it's a fun video that's for the
family please please please keep it out
for this thing when it comes out please
show it love give it your love likes
shares everything you can do this has
been a it's been quite the night guys no
sleep I will be up when my kids get me
up to open gifts like I will be up I
love you guys you're freaking amazing
thank you for everything I'll see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
