and one over the car welcome to turn
them back up the mill you think you
gonna beat me today boy you think so
welcome to the vlog guys little hangout
time with my boy out in the dirt we're
digging this is something I used to do
when I was a kid Dale and I my brother
and I would always take my mom's spoons
and we take him into the backyard and we
would dig Hot Wheels tracks tracks for
our cars she could never figure out
where her spoons went we had so many of
them back there and I blink my eyes and
now it's me and my son playing with
spoons it's amazing how fast time goes
guys use it wisely I hope you're having
a great day hope you're feeling good
let's get this vlog started we're gonna
keep building for a little bit
we should put like a big berm right here
so when we take our trucks around we can
go whoa big berm turn is what we'll call
it here comes mommy like when you were
little like you and your sister EVER go
like in the backyard and dig with spoon
yeah but me my stepmother would take you
know like the hooks that you can like
rod into the ground to hold your dogs
yeah
we'd do it and then pull it out and
there'd be a bunch of worms and like
we'd come on guys and eat them yeah so
we're gonna try check it off it's pretty
cool it's pretty clearly I'll go back
and fine I'm gonna go clean and sweep
and we got some washing to do big fella
watching this point for me
mm-hmm muddy mezu stick your shoes off
oh there's another one
glad we didn't change that carpet now
your camera's muddy human all flushed
not fit in the mud
Brittany had an idea to replace our
carpet before the baby comes my way dude
one day with the dogs and it's mud I
know you guys where you get your feet
washed go so there you might get your
feet waters last week you guys know we
came out with a new product called
creepy crawlies and I told you guys I
would feature some of your videos if you
got them and you made videos with it so
a lot of you guys been sending these
mainly over twitter and i'm just going
to play a couple for you because i think
they're hilarious
so here's one coming up on Paul Richard
coming in from Paul Richard here we go
severed your hand close it close it
close it now turn it over so turn your
hand over
oh it's room look at Michaela this one's
from Maria no because that's awesome
surfaces you guys are so awesome I was
excited for you guys to get these and I
could imagine you using them but now
actually seeing you use them is like I'm
so happy so I uh I just thought it was
like
it is extremely laid-back weekend guys
going to pick up my boy Noah right now
and I am you can tell I'm a little bit
excited I always am we are me it's
really then I told you guys maybe two
days ago was really going to catch up
with just family time from house on to
some real bonding time so that's kind of
what we're doing right now and you know
something that's gonna nothing that's
going to be like creepy right now it's
really the life of right now thanks for
being here growing up my boy Noah and we
are going to go home a pity this
wonderful in lay back please
oh my god dude I think we using
immersion you should take seriously we
could take this like anywhere and hang
on it's not far just oh I'm not it looks
so disgusting was it hurt I can bend it
to her not really are you kidding me I
took some pains old Lama good you did an
absolutely insane amazing job
the boys running back here they can not
her hand it's not it's not her hand
actually right here if you look closely
you can tell it's not even her arm oh my
god kids yeah
fake tattoos you did literally the best
job on that ever we saw this picture
online and Britt was like I can do that
I was like as nicely as possible I was
like I bet you that's really hard to do
but before I left before I left I did
say you're really good at that stuff if
anybody could do it it's you and I come
home yeah bad you could have pranked me
with that you know because you did it
there's an outside but coming home to
that we should do like we should do some
crazy some really imagine if I took you
into the pharmacy and that's where the
band-aids were haha nice domme at guys
in the comments right now does that look
real or not I think it looks so real
even up close like as close as possible
looks real
did it get you for even a second like be
honest you don't want me to do it to
your fingers yeah is it scary what about
a magic trick for your some so much pain
you're at the doctors and then you just
wipe it it's all gone how's everybody we
can try ready can freaked out dude time
oh you finger listen
Oh give me chills
good job that's a good job and I I don't
know how you do that was you're gonna
bore the actual prank person this was
not on you or me is on her she sent this
to her family and her mom's freaking out
she sent a picture of it it looks so
scary real she texts her with the
pictures that I have to go to hospital
so mean
for two days I have no idea that I just
sliced it right down the middle
oh my god I'm you can hear well yeah I
think you should just sleep on it just
wrap it up just getting this makeup
oh look real now yeah I'm shiny again I
must hurry off yeah
toll shaming Veronica isn't respond yet
don't say anything yet what you guys
going on a year boy dude there's a shark
on you there's a shark on your shirt oh
it's almost done it's almost done
download and skate 3 ah spawning get am
i I'm touching all of oh oh don't make
me touch a game oh look I haven't an
propeller hats on I'm gonna take off
I'll be back you guys need anything from
the store action and then ride with me
here we go helicopter blog wait let's
put it on your head
all its helicopter cane cane I like your
hat did Oh
oh if you're fun games good gaming video
on yeah she ready to wash wash wash work
at all these guys plenty mutters win-win
with your kids because not only do you
have fun then you have a shower if
you've got to wash all this truck
believe it or not getting in the shower
actually is difficult at this age take
them to the carwash dude and now
Noah's favorite part of the day I love
your screensaver oh my gosh that's from
the the Christmas vlog or like I'm
Siddharth oh there we are you like your
mini fridge that is the mini mini fridge
ever say more like jumping into that
time guys it's that time to get the kids
settled down ready for bed wait what
what in Christmas wrapping its own
Christmas where they never found
Blagh last night and I'll tell you the
truth yesterday's what today's vlog that
you're watching it was really just me
saying we're going to take sunday off
vlogging I actually told Brittany I'm
just going to not film today we're going
to hang out we're not going to do
anything and it was like oh you should
vlog get the camera so and I did it and
I did and then that's exactly what I
posted and I hope you guys still enjoyed
it short but it is one of those days
where it's like I hope you like this
better than no vlog at all because that
really was my choice Taylor I'm just
gonna not going to film so I just picked
it up by somewhere I did and that's what
I'm just making excuses not it so much
okay
that all being said thank you guys so
much Brit makeup thing such a cool just
bring your feeling by the way it's been
a day and my phantom polish came off
she's your real and your fake Hannah
they both look so real I can tell that
such the viewers are saying what
so yes current day so I got in this so
that I can start the next one stop
textin Bay where was I where was I we
will see you tomorrow thank you for
everything thanks for just following
this little crazy family on our journey
no matter what we're doing you guys are
always here thank you for that you love
you stay positive keep your mind busy
beautiful you're one of a kind
Maya Moss follower
you
