welcome to the vlog guys it's rylynn
outlet here Britton Smith welcome guys
welcome today is super duper strange let
me explain why it's strange because it's
actually current day right now and I did
and I did did it poop I love coffee
makes poop okay so here I got a switch
cam there we go it's whoa I got a
haircut by the way welcome welcome to
the vlog I'm you know I need a hug do
triple hugs triples
anyway guys we were out right now is
we've filmed a little bit yesterday
yesterday was our Sunday and we took it
very easy mainly off camera I did film a
little bit you just hung out as a family
was amazing as wonderful Sunday has
really turned into our quiet time like
our time our families time because our
house is usually through the week is
very full you guys can see it's very
full lots of people here it was super
wonderful yesterday here is what I
filmed it's a couple quick clips and now
we'll bounce back to right now
I can't see you this this big afro in
the way
boom boom boom bow another snow day
we've just been snow dogging it up going
crazy having fun in the snow flesh oh
geez oh geez follow you I'll follow you
oh it's been so often have a real winter
this year we have went many years with
no snow lately so we've obviously been
living it up is he actually not you yeah
no huh oh it's all frozen let's break
all the mud sickles definitely don't try
those ones yeah nice get the other side
too
so satisfying you're halfway under I
bury your whole head no man can you see
I did I can see myself vlogging
alright ready let's start filling it's
like being at the beach and the sand huh
opposite temperatures is it cold this is
nice and comfy can't see you are you
gonna bust out look officially snowy
what a boy what up boy Joey just bury
cane all the way into the snow Owen it's
me Mario
okay empar come here buddy
yeah you you the only noogie did you
guys see this icicle on the trampoline
that's your move you got to really make
it count ruder chop Louie nice night
riding wait we'll just the backs fly I
think the twos fine all right little
clippety do snap snap snap
all day long
all right ladies hang on okay you can
make a cane sandwich Brittany just waved
me down said you guys don't course she
does hey Korra gonna do are you gonna
eat it what is that thing this what is
it what is that Cora there's like
nothing it's zero flavor here any of
what you were doing some fresh batteries
in there super laid back in lazy Sunday
yeah of course learning how to play on
our dead piano which one you doing our
disgusting keyboard this thing sounds
awful okay let's see this one scared
Cora wait are you serious
the black now at seven is the ball
what are you playing and now you want in
now you want in
this puts us back current-day this is
one of our original how that's from our
original smile more living room store
marker to see how many was you know we
were just starting when you could put
all three colors in one top black red
and yellow and then we would put how
many was in the tub like red and yellow
but blue yellow look at countries froude
it's turning into a Christmas tree we
should put lights on it coming come on
let's go come on in all the heat out oh
geez yeah the snow is so pretty right
now it's just falling all right so
there's still there's still camo hats
paint is our pink thinking camo earlier
later I'm so lost right now last week we
ran a ten dollar sale on our camel in
pink hats now these camo hats we're a
little different than our original camel
hats I just bought one for twenty
another ten they are different is not
the same hat I didn't know you can count
that high just put them in Hat orders
yep
just in case I want everyone to know
that these are the ten dollar hats now a
lot of you have already received your
hats you're like there's nothing wrong
with the set we're selling them at
seconds because some of them are bent
they have creases so the camel ones are
a little different than the regular ones
we always sell the dad hats also right
now today are ten bucks all these hats
are ten bucks guys if you want to smile
more hat grab one today they're ten
dollars it'll never be that cheap huh
twenty so why don't we just say the
store's running a sale smile more sale
smile sale more okay so we're gonna
leave it at that
hats are ten bucks check them out top
link the description if you don't
already have one now's the time to get
one maybe for friends and family I don't
know
they're awesome hats uh actually I'm
gonna take this hat I'm not gonna lie I
like the bold these hats have the
about 4 I like I like it I think I like
it better I think I like this part
better because it's the smile yeah
that's true he's just looking for love
he stays no way seems like roses flowers
been partying with donkey miss mussels
little mussels donkey about ran into you
dude he's booked oh he put his butt
towards us cuz he getting come in yeah
it's beautiful
holy we gotta push up and you push us
I'm not doing this no today that's my
punishment for missing the day a couple
days ago you got a sweeper oh nice come
on you gotta do it with me you don't you
to push up your my push up buddy come on
I need somebody to do it with me cuz I'm
weak I need I need motivation I need you
undo it okay you know the rule though
we're gonna do it in the snow no gloves
come on you do it with me yeah you work
out all the time Britney chase chase yo
I'm looking for a really good cameraman
you know where I can follow on
you can do it
two minutes hey good news the garage is
becoming Philmont the garage wait with
me today the basement is becoming
fillable certain look nice and we're
doing push-ups in the snow no gloves
today because I missed the day I feel
like it's punishment ok 19 - it's so
pretty uh huh
it's night gene today right that's the
spirit no gloves
yep you better pull them sleeves up
alright 19 you guys better do this with
me today alright if I can do it if we
can do it in the snow you can do it in
the comfort of your own home so cold
your dogs are savage bro god that's
super cold was that you like that you
like beating up on us kicking us when
we're down ok so you guys know the drill
it's current day so we got a single
bison we can start today the streak
still continues thanks to these current
day vlogs were able to wake up kind of
just start shooting on what we're doing
thank you guys so much for everything I
know today's weird bear with me we'll be
on track starting we're starting fresh
Monday today right now you know the
drill I love you guys you are absolutely
beautiful you are one of a kind
smile
you
