don't look good
Jane Kane do I look good No
oh boy should be long - hey welcome to
the vlog hope you're feeling good and
hope you're ready for this vlog we're
gonna start in a store called the
Anderson I haven't been here forever but
they usually had or they at least used
to have very unique things like things
are now the hardest thing about today is
that we're shopping not for us
that is our perfect kids when you go to
stores and stuff so to explain that like
not shopping for you
yo dude the doors this way what over
here these are like demos this is if you
want to buy one so it's not actually
it's not actually a playground this is
like were you at this is where you would
check them out to see if you want to buy
on me we need snow guys we need snow
where is the snow come on baby where you
going down there now you know this says
caution please keep off for display only
I know it does so far we haven't even
made it inside because there's so much
to do out here you're gonna go get one
dodge dodging duty it's a new game I'll
help you with everything we can wrap it
we can put it in stock in this is the
hard part about the vlogs because we
can't show you what we're getting
because no one Britain will actually see
the vlog so we're pretending to be in
the candle aisle so they'll think all
they must be getting me a candle but
we're not it's not that are you sure you
don't want to get one okay hold that got
it
watch this
Hans get the stick up oh my friends
flying awaited okay okay I tell your
story can I tell you a story Kane ah
somebody huh oh you're really trying to
hurt him I thought I thought we were
just playing but this is for real don't
you think flash would like this one
alright Zeus and flash can see what
they're getting because well they don't
watch the vlogs Zeus has like fifty five
hundred tennis balls so I may be
something new you dude how can you call
something that looks like that a
joystick but look at this dresser dude
it's like a Lego Lego dresser you see
this Hein go seek in the stores always a
boss here I come
not under there ah and so many
opportunities looking for a small child
okay
where the heck did he go hey i legit
can't find him like I'm not even kidding
usually I know where he's at and I play
along but I you know dude I went that
way ready
never gonna find he just opened all cook
hey I don't think we're very good
Christmas shoppers dude we've almost
done everything but Christmas shop but
we're having fun fun with my little man
are you sound out
we did pretty good little dude you can
ended up getting some gloves which I
like they're cool
if Kane will let me we were gonna
surprise mommy with a haircut you want
to do it I really yes it's been weeks
weeks weeks weeks past getting his
haircut he looks dude you look like
nobody cares about you mommy is gonna
flip when we get home and Kane has his
haircut because she's been trying to do
it she's been trying to take him and he
just always says no okay it says they're
open dude this is gonna be a the best
Christmas present you get mommy just
getting his haircut it's like you gonna
you gonna flick it are you gonna mohawk
like you used to do remember you said it
super tall though huh you just want it
out of your face now I don't think we're
gonna recognize it when he cuts his hair
oh did you get to plate monster truck
games while you wait for your haircut
wrap it wrap it Kane you're gonna be a
new boy did you already look different
trend sideways sir oh you style and boy
let's go get some ice cream
he got cotton candy with rainbow
sprinkles and M&Ms
I got a strawberry shake
what do you think what do you think
mommy space is going to be when she sees
your haircut but yeah I think she's
gonna be like yes
poor she's just gonna go they shall do
that
well well hey Zeus hey baby hey flash
what's up hey where's Jane
um I'm everything is Betty sure you can
I got some candy canes at the store and
this dude this will be the year we
didn't decorate our tree it just is this
did it kid
okay you look great flash right now we
have random things that Kane put on here
our Christmas bulb from last year I
believe
no 2014 I'm gonna need another person on
here soon think we have to put them up
high or flash is definitely gonna get
them well our house is a wreck it is
completely Christmas destroyed and this
is this is like the better version of it
it was much much worse Britney's been
rapping all day while we've been out
getting some things as you saw can you
watch the holy Torah
well that's what we talked about hard it
is the vlog because you guys will see
the vlog but yes you can watch the vlog
because Kane and I pretty much goofed
off the insert we need a shot if you
thought that we got you something that's
your own fault was this what you lived
on while you rap just beef jerky really
hey we're gonna stop and give some love
to a brand of ours have been with us
through all of 2016 you've seen us play
our game many times in the vlogs they
have a new Christmas edition that is out
right now so we're going to play it for
the first time jingle bell christmas
edition are you ready this is piano
tiles 2
you guys have destroyed us every time I
challenge you to beat us you did like
the screenshots are insane so that's the
first time we are gonna compete like we
always do this no no have you practiced
he needs a couple warm-ups ok I
understand that as I need warm-ups I
know you're better than no you don't get
warm-ups I don't get more only came this
ok get three tries that score loser has
to go to bed immediately hmm
so this is their new Christmas edition
jingle bells you ready yeah
hit me woo
dee dee doo doo doo christmas is almost
here and I'm probably messing you up
can't stop us get high in DNA good job
hey guys next did you're almost at 200
almost 200 200 oh all right daddy's turn
you got 209 oh no you know is my turn
you know why he's always goofing off not
paying attention hey hey ready
white white on set
lalala get hurricane get hurricane
Sabbat now what is it 1:32 oh you buy
one give me five did you know what I
knew you would win but I thought you'd
get more and I would get more I really
just choked under pressure
I was goofin if you watch our vlogs a
lot than you know that we've had so much
fun with this game it's a free game so
you not to pay for it it's just an
addicting fun family competition game
that we do with it when the first one
came out Kane was literally like I know
he would play all day long you play the
game the cool thing is is like you can't
compete on so many there's so many songs
so you just like if Kane beat us on that
one we switch songs we go to the next
one a lot of you already have the game
so just update it for those that you
don't it's free go get up with the links
in my description
I thought you supposed to be cleaning
Hey hurricane Atwood chill here's the
deal guys I got you some of you not all
of you not all you're that crazy but I
got some of you saying that I have to
take the tree down from the balcony
because a lot of years after Christmas
you have to take your tree down I have
done it in different ways I have last
year we have cat in the house you
remember the cat remember the big cat
yeah exactly we don't want him coming
back here's the thing guys pretty big
gap but I think I got it
there's no way well there's a will
there's a way
no way remember the scene see Kane
thinks there's a way remember Toy Story
bus gets up on the rail he jumps for the
window he laughing that's gonna be me oh
man it looks even worse from here
actually looks pretty doable from here
yeah I think I think you can legit do it
like I'm not even be I'm not even trying
to be funny about this now did the dog
fall off the balcony that's what it
looks like
ready see what it looks like from down
there flash is like what was that
I just want see ah just what's he doing
no there's no way you do that I will
catch you honey there's no way it's so
far
oh yeah no there's the arm of the couch
my laptop sitting over there no yeah oh
come back here what oh oh I'm good no
good I just want to see what happened
here that sounded like you broke the
couch is this cane you taping the couch
out that sounded like you broke the
couch honey all right Lana pretty
awesome I wasn't even worried so many
people playing that joke on me you can't
you can okay ten billion likes and I'll
do it I'll do the jump ten billion
that's totally doable tomorrow big
special guests here at the house I don't
even if we're gonna be actually at the
house but I've got a huge surprise for
them and it's just gonna be a chaos
there when you talk about mayhem and
tennis balls super exciting date lined
up for tomorrow so we already know we've
got the vlog for then um this is I don't
know this is like twenty two vlogs in a
row something like that
can we do a month can we do a month
straight man can we do a month straight
yeah we Kansas we can we're gonna get
the house cleaned up probably not it's
probably look like it's tomorrow we love
you you're beautiful tell me can't I do
the jump
don't listen to Brittney up you know
what if I put like a mattress down right
there so I land it no worst case
scenario let the mattress you're worried
about the tree see I knew it wasn't
about me thank you for everything guys
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
tell me in the comments who you think
the guests are and how I should take
that tree down and you can include
jumping off the balcony I'm okay with
that
we'll see you tomorrow smile more
you
