hey hey welcome to the vlog guys I'm
starting to sound like uh what is it
welcome hey welcome
hope you're feeling good it is beautiful
it is sunny here this is our 20th vlog
in a row without missing a day it feels
good I feel accomplished I feel like I'm
back on track I just feel like I'm
actually doing what I'm supposed to be
doing finally like I'm back I'm a
vlogger again maybe I don't know I can
miss a day in a second but this dude in
his van wants to race me I swear
forget it was he does he wants to race
hope you're feeling good hope you're
motivated hope you got something to
inspire you today to do something that
you want to do get up go get it don't
wait for the new years don't wait for
that focus resolution that you're gonna
break day to get up and do it now stick
to it imagine where you would be if you
started one year ago pull up to my buddy
Todd's gonna look at a couple new fish
something got any new fish for my reef
aquarium for a long time I'm thinking
about these little guys see the purple
well everything looks purple on this cam
okay this right here is one of my
favorite fish right here he's hard to
see and he actually kind of changes from
white to black oh there's a good shot of
him check out his eyes he like looks
around but he stays still he is a
sailfin lawnmower blennies and basically
he'd like chomps with his mouth on rock
and he just like eats all day if he's
not doing that he's just watching you
just like that there's some cool fire
fish I love these guys too
this is the craziest crap I've ever seen
look at this guy he looks like a stone
like check him out
dude that's a crab that is like crazy
you came to what's that a for the
damages pay for what damages to my house
you want to show him alright wait you
might as well
everybody talking about
Yahoo blowhole ah ah okay I didn't do
that by the way this is a true story so
last night Todd hears gunshots out back
this is why you always shoot into
something you shoot into a wall you
shoot into something one of his
neighbors that lives way that way was
shooting last night a bullet came
through his greenhouse that's it that is
not good dude bonding right there five
feet away what could have been your
house bragging Chuck corrals and maybe
that's what they were trying to do just
in case you missed the vlog where we
blew up Todd's tree laying back there a
piece of the wood do you have it still I
do but it hit here oh yeah look at that
hole okay but apparently the wood and
this is why we stood way back here when
we shot when the tree fell you can see
it back here a chunk of the wood came
all the way back to this house look at
that oh yeah that sucks I'm not kidding
that's the piece no way yeah yo that's
that's 30 at least 30 pounds can you
imagine it just no and then just like
hitting you in the head it looks like it
went through the log splitter and you
need to start being more responsible way
out over there is another piece of wood
oh my gosh okay besides all that
craziness you guys know I've had my Reef
dude it's almost three years that you
built that tank three years I built the
tank in my living room which is my reef
tank and we've had the same fish before
that long so I want to come over and
we're actually going out today to look
at some stuff but I want to pick out
some new fish for that
lots to choose from man and my camera
just does no justice all just want a
Britney's favorite sailfin oh we got one
of those hold on hold for all right guys
we are headed to I picked up Todd
because he knows everything about what
we're going to look he's the expert
no no what no there's tire Tommy tire
that is time should we hit it no ah we
were going to look at guys I may be
breaking down we're going to look for
our skid steers and I may be finally
making this purchase something I've been
wanting for a long time we can date we
can destroy we can build you got it you
have to have a tools to be able to
remove the wood from the property yeah
do this quick random I think this is the
right spot parts sales service I need
you to imagine what our daily life you
and me our life would be like with
something like these in my yard oh my
gosh dude is it cheaper to just buy a
tank like if I just want like a tiger
tank or some type of like old military
tank only if you let me ride around can
we can we make it remote-control car
soon oh you got yours they got yours oh
there it is before forklift we actually
do have them control are you serious you
can make them remote dude you just dig
and build and destroy with a jar see
absolutely Creighton owning this like
that would be the things we would do for
the vlogs and build and create and
destroy endless so what we're looking at
here is how many horsepower what's this
thing got 74 74 point nine 74 potato I
know my stuff how's it look on me though
like looks for I can roll down the
street no problem oh me oh so that's too
close
what do you mean this the armrest and
everything oh yeah maybe I just pump
that out a little bit too it's where the
rockets machine guns running out of time
this is the UH okay I feel like I'm
driving a tank you know what maybe I
maybe maybe this is more for me because
you could pick up cars and throw them or
have you seen the videos they hook ropes
to the bucket and then this just spins
imagine that with a sled or an inner
tube good time for that here's ah now we
need a pond so we need that to dig the
pond it's never-ending you could just
dig yourself a hole literally with these
things
Columbus looking pretty tonight okay so
it is five ten pm five ten in the
afternoon I have not eaten a single
thing today not even nothing nothing
I've had nothing to eat I feel a little
dizzy I mean II eat Oh what what you do
boy I'm trying it my keys cameras all
blurry it's really nice in a restaurant
I call this it Oh
Starbucks this is it oh I never heard of
that it's a nice little town man thank
you thank you
oh it's gonna save my life okay guys so
we are eating real quick nothing
exciting huh the whole skits here thing
you're gonna be surprised it's gonna be
a big surprise your telomere no don't go
spoil don't spoil it we're gonna leave
in that Todd's Todd's decision but I
surprised them all
I should tell I know I'm doing so many
things off camera
last couple days that is preparing for
such a big surprise for you guys slash
Christmas present for you guys slash
Dustin off something that I own the
promise that I have made to you guys is
if all goes well we'll be going up
Christmas Day and it's something that is
three years in the making
it's something I've wanted to do for
three years it is failed every single
year and it can easily fail this year
and then there won't be a video on
Christmas if all goes well guys we will
be dusting off the old dusty Channel
Christmas Day as a you know I owe you
guys this it's also kind of a nice
Christmas present it should be fun and
it should be it should be beautiful it
should be a heartwarming it should Spira
sh it should just be everything that it
that I should be doing it's way the
level I should be at but I just want to
I want to answer that question that
everybody's been asking is Roman where
is it you promised us so as always guys
I'm working on it and it's going to
happen see me totally different than
anything you expected and
I'm nervous and I'm ha look daddy's home
hey guys what's up I got home already
I'm late he didn't say that hey call my
dad hello would you get very low get
your Christmas present
ah how are you man this boy shoveling it
in good job spaghetti monster you miss
me
miss you too I won't bother you you can
finish eat and come here buddy
oh look it flash he's like just dropping
noodle dude oh you want to go play huh
you just want to go play come on
I'll throw some balls with you yo we got
to clean the backyard Zeus look at this
place
you ready so that ball used to light up
are you hunting um I'm not sure I don't
know what this game it like what's the
object knows been playing is crazy Ark
survival list yeah you built this guy
yeah you boys in your games so I'm back
home uh hanging out I think a lot of
people want us to do the Q&A by the way
so I saw at least one comment at least
one so we're gonna have to do that soon
no no now oh you don't know let's do it
let's do it okay you ready
not right now so just got home
everybody's kind of doing their thing
and I was out doing a bunch of stuff
today so every you know it's okay have
fun man it's your Christmas break brah
cuz I want to show him cuz I haven't
shown him yet yeah you have well I
showed him the game and not the update
you just want to collect all the rewards
so it's just about all you guys know we
came out with our own game the family
game Noah's in a cane Britany myself
family friends were all in this game
that we made so Noah's on a snowboard
now it's all ice and snow
alright alright there's our monster
truck uh
if you haven't seen our new Christmas
update check out our game again it is
completely free this game costs no money
you can play it for free download it on
every platform pretty sure
here's Caine's character and Kane is uh
you guys know the blast update Cain rode
a big RC truck in this time he's in
Santa sleigh you're on fire game I hate
that we had to move the couch and slide
the pinball machine down and it blocked
our actual smiling poster when the game
came out we hit 2 million downloads in
48 hours which was absolutely insane
thank you guys for still supporting this
game it is so much fun in the update is
available now it's been out for a little
while but I never showed you in the vlog
so there you go go check it out get it
have some fun and play with your family
hey do you know what next week is
Christmas after Christmas I'm gonna take
that tree down y'all I'm gonna take it
down alright I'm gonna take it down
alright I got just the idea you know
what somebody said they said Roman you
should jump off the balcony onto the
tree I don't hate the idea huh that
makes me want to do it even more there's
no way you can make it
yeah there's no way that's a massive gap
actually it's only about the size of my
finger alright guys I guess now is just
a good time to end the vlog as any uh
thanks for hanging out with us today
kind of a short vlog again I get on it
when you I didn't Bob did you just take
a Dorito you just stole Dorito look at
this he's not stealing them he's
actually cleaning my desk good boy
absolutely love you guys thank you for
being here thank you for being a part of
this positive environment that we work
on every day to bring you guys up and
that's all I got man just know I got
some big things in the works some fun
things I don't want to hype it up I'm
just gonna say got some things were
coming up it's gonna be really fun and
different a little more exciting spice
things up a little bit thank you for the
love the shares the likes everything
keep your head up keep smiling you're
beautiful you're one of a kind you want
to say it tonight Zeus go ahead talk on
camera no sir shine camera won't you
just say it I'll do it for you I got no
I'll get it
we should smile more
you
