welcome to the vlog guys what's up how
you doing I don't even know what's going
on in here Kane's in some kind of weird
VR golf land what is he are you skeleton
what are you playing dude he's totally
in his own what you don't even know I'm
standing here I don't even know I'm
talking so I woke up with a really bad
bad dad idea this morning and I want to
show you guys my idea and what I'm gonna
do
I've always wanted to see what would
happen if I put these giant mortars
these things they're huge
onto one of my RC trucks so I'm just
thinking like what would happen like I
could I could hand-deliver mortars you
know if I wanted to throw it in Maine I
could throw it it would be kind of
accurate but with an RC I could drive
the grenade exactly where I want it it's
like the rcxd what is that off call duty
rcxd you drive in a buzz up that's what
we're making today rcxd and you're
ruining the most perfect truck no no I
don't think it'll hurt the truck I
really don't think it'll hurt it feel
this feel that oh yeah I mean that
suckers hard did you mount that up there
oh you know what we could put it like a
little casing a little box boom I didn't
see was a good idea I openly admit it's
a bad idea but I think it'll be cool and
look awesome these things are so tough
dude I think you can handle it if we do
like this it's like a little care
package like he says it's perfect it's
it's a it's a mortar delivery truck is
what I liked but I'd like to say this is
like just let me chase it just give me
one chance well we don't have no snow
which kind of sucks but still got our
season we got mortars we got fireworks
we got tripods and GoPros so let's do
this look at my yard it's like a
playground this is still all here from
the tug of war smart car
oh this is still here from the
flamethrowers bottle rockets hope you're
having an awesome day man we're just
goofing off we're hanging out I wanna do
something fun today I'm gonna put I'm
gonna pretend that basically this
dumpster is where I need the grenade to
go I'm putting you in the firing zone
just like I always do let's see what
happens you gotta go in dude you know
the fireworks we put in the tube we
shoot up they go boom and I go way up in
the sky and they blow up that's what
these are rcxd ready for deployment did
we're gonna start with just this one
don't drop the bomb oh it's close see
it's foolproof
here we go this is our first test to
hand-deliver a frag grenade a firework
trash cans our enemy Oh
what to do you're the truckstop dude I'm
not kidding I told you would blow oh oh
yo I'm still on lights are on
Oh baby no I'm so sorry she's on it
we're good
going come on baby don't you burn down
don't you burn down on me holy crap okay
I see the problem right here right there
just blew the this looks like it's just
separated all right now if we touch
these and we drive yes well she's gonna
be back she's good
did you see that I gotta admit
not my best idea dude it's still smoking
dude I think I think he's waiting for
the next show came the next firework
show I cannot believe the damage the
truck it's fixable though it's super
fixed like one one wire I got really
lucky I did not think the frame of that
truck would break which is incredible
that it did so kids don't play with
fireworks they are extremely dangerous
like that blue hard plastic to pieces no
uh no uh what are you eating lunch in
here yeah okay guys next part of this
blog is very serious it's intense
it's important Brittany Smith don't
don't
oh god it's on the screen hey stink bug
hey stink bug what you working on
ok ok ok seriously the next part of this
vlog is an exciting very exciting
announcement my tour how many of you
guys remembered when I went on tour
Roman vs. fousey tour this was a huge
tour we went all over the country we
went to Europe well we also made a movie
and a documentary of the tour and it is
out today it is out right now it just
came out today and I'm so excited to
announce it I'm so excited to show you
guys this movie here's a quick trailer
of the movie and I just think it came
out so wonderful and I think it will
inspire you so much check it out they're
like my dad's really you guys are both
inspirations for everybody thank you
very much for producing the content you
to inspire
to do this well I don't know how long I
just love you so much
all I really need is my blog camera see
in Scotland we're about to pull a quick
one on pussy on the road already for
people waiting outside for you in
Manchester we got a fully packed house
in Manchester England
tonight cheers to our first ever
Scotland show
apparently the crew boss with all our
equipment broke down so there might not
be a show tonight we're headed to the
break down scene tours over that's our
title right there maybe we shouldn't be
on tour together
Hey
are you oh if they win from UM from
we're making such a special night buddy
tattooed on her arm about us creating a
special moment with a thousand people in
the room tonight so I'm just super glad
to be able to share that with them Roman
and I spend our lives talking to a
camera each and every day it's hard
dealing with a vlogger I truly believe
that is now my job to push you forward
ever
with nothing but positivity and I will
do that with my channel you can stand up
you want me to help you it will help you
up yeah
you know I don't watch your vlogs
I don't want your flow yeah just don't
thank you for watching that I absolutely
love this movie it is out right now guys
I'll put the link in the top of the
description itunes google play amazon
they're all in the description get this
movie be inspired be lifted get ready to
take on the world as a bonus i info see
hold the only hard copies of this movie
everything else is digital I have 50 he
has 50 I will be signing all 50 of mine
and throwing them and random smile more
orders as a Christmas gift to you guys I
wish I had more but that's all I have
I'm not even gonna sell them I'm gonna
sign them and just throw them in orders
as Christmas gifts so that's how it's
gonna go so that you can sign the actual
thing oh yeah that's a good point
I guess if I sign them I have to open
them to sign this right here otherwise
the wrapping is just going to twirl this
is a super family-friendly movie no bad
language and keep this whole thing Roman
vs. foo see whoever gets the most
downloads between the Roman soldiers in
the Foo cebreros has to donate $5,000 to
the winner's choice charity so if I win
if we win you and me win fousey has to
donate $5,000 to the charity of my
choice
if pussy wins I have to donate $5,000 to
his charity to watch this challenge
happen you go to Roman verse to see calm
in the meter of some sort that is
keeping track of who is winning with the
most download so if you're gonna get the
movie please use my links in my
description that's the only way they
know that you bought it because of me if
the movie hits number 1 on iTunes which
we have done in the past we both have to
donate $5,000 to the Charities of our
choice so foo sees charity and my
charity will both get $5,000 donated so
it's out right now please go get it
you're gonna love it tell me what you
think it's just an inspiring film and
I'm excited to get it up you guys
really anything to help you guys get
lifted up hmm thank you for listening to
all that I'm a little exciting help mama
mom was here she brought goodies breads
grandma's always bring breads let's go
yo that song is so inspiring listen I
told you guys yesterday how hard it is
to get Christmas shopping done as a
daily vlogger like you can't go anywhere
or do anything on camera like you you
get busted family members bust you or
you see people in stores that bust you
it's just bad literally running out I'm
sure like most of you I am my last
minute on a lot of things last-minute
shopping though is one I'm really guilty
on like I'm that guy that's a we point
out on Christmas Eve before to grab a
Christmas present like that's how late
we have been sometimes Christmas
shopping I think that's a done comment
like it happens close your eyes they
closed open I need help
do to keep the camera to set right huh
hey hey nice cheese balls we are fixing
the RC right now cuz I can't stand it me
and broke honestly think I got it done
all I had to do is reconnect this
connector I'm assuming the longer one
goes to the furthest connector good
point good point good point flash he's
like just give me a cheese ball honey
get fire extinguisher there might be a
house fire hmm look at that she's back
look everybody knows I'm the best at
fixing things that's what I do
aside from being a dad and a vlogger I'm
a fixer you guys know that that's what I
do
who's that that's looks nice for me a t
me a D what are you doing
you got somebody hit a super super
insane cheese ball so I went over you're
like oh yes put out somewhere else
freakin help everything outside of the
Boston or everything get my back on the
door is freezing my family nothing on oh
my god you look like you got attacked by
bees dude I'll have to just pick this
controller up and he goes crazy what is
this huh
you know this one's not actually yours
yours is in the garage
you can't give back maybe she's back in
business ready for fireworks you wanna
do a Q&A you keep talking about ask him
if they if they would want us to do a
Q&A like you and me know has asked me
about 40 50 60 times we can do a Q&A
over the last couple months and we just
haven't done it so tell me if you guys
would actually like no and I to sit down
do a Q&A father-son Q&A in the meantime
I've got a couple of these left I should
have wore shoes dude new shoes
well what gosh I felt that oh that's far
ready okay you saw it from there
all right guys got to go for today thank
you for watching thanks for hanging out
with us I wish I could have filmed more
tonight but I did it well when you came
home I gig she did there's the massage
thing this evidence laying right there
massage happened it was good I feel so
much better
I offered me we love you guys thank you
for everything we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more thank
you guys so much for watching here's
yesterday's vlogs and please please go
get the Roman verse fousey DVD links in
the description I love you
