welcome to the vlog guys right
I think the dog wanted to let a man okay
it's just so cold out there price very
funny Zeus and flash there's my boss
Nemo where's the dawn dory do I know
you've seen them I know you know whether
outdoors there's nobody talking nobody
speaking we just be serious for one
minute just one serious conversation I
guess they're always goofy and you're
joking around making dumb jokes about
dogs being missing stuff we take a
little bit of struggle guys I'm just
going to be real with you today is full
of phone calls meeting downtown I have
to go to Britney's gonna try to cover
for her all over right yeah it's like
one of those days where I want to catch
sunrays well keep blogging my hair just
wipe in your camera one the editor so I
could technically if I wanted to just
take that out if I wanted it so I have
to go I have to go downtown so take a
camera with me or just leave this one
with you you should take one literally
just nothing that I can film like the
car run what is there like some what is
wild kratts
you don't wanna walk thing then I should
have never gone here yeah I shouldn't
you get pulled over on the way there you
don't have your camera good point I
think a good blogger would always have a
camera on that's what separates me from
good vloggers gourami I mean it's
whatever you know what I'm going to talk
about it might be dark lines are drag
point now it's fine it's fine actually
had all these plans today to actually go
pick something up and I was going to
surprise you guys it's gonna be awesome
it's got postponed till tomorrow so
today's meetings and phone calls and I'm
just going to do that instead
alright I gotta go I'm gonna leave you
with this count on to take a different
one I love you guys hey booger man
booger man
oh I love you baby bill little Peggy
some energy relax okay I love you movie
more hey guys I'll be back I'm going to
clean this house you see it now I'll be
back when it's clean he's better home
splashing an arrow at me clean I
honestly don't want to bore you guys too
much today I'm so buried in so many
different things so many different
avenues right now between vocal and just
looking for my dog just a bunch of
boring crap that's like I know everybody
does this film is on film but I still
attend it you're gone being busy is
awesome problem man I would rather be
extremely busy all the time that didn't
have something to do so busy good
problem oh we keep your mind busy too if
you're going through problems if you're
struggling with saying maybe you're with
whether it's coal maybe it's a
relationship maybe it's your career keep
your mind busy stay busy don't give
yourself time to think about the
negative things don't even give yourself
time to worry I said it's all time
worrying doesn't change the outcome keep
you so very busy at all times but it's
something that I try to do all not
everything's rosy all the time like
we're humans and we battle things every
day some of us are
they're struggling with jobs I'm
struggling with relationships in school
and whatever it might be we're all in
this together man we got to team up we
got to work together and that's why I
use my videos to try to lift you guys I
try to lift you up and push you whether
it works or not
I'm trying we're all stuck for this
planet together like there's no leaving
we're here together let's work as a team
and so Brittany is back home I'm going
to shoot straight to her out her and
Kane and mall mall we're gonna do some
stuff though okay so kind of a small
change of plans instead of cleaning
right away I am going to give this one a
haircut literally just going to trim up
the sides and cut the top a little bit
so he was getting ready to get in the
bathtub and I was like well we cut your
hair real quick and he's playing with
the squirt bottle ah
small mouth here yeah I'm here walked
into the haircut
she brought us pizza and now I got to
get Kaena back it's for cleaned up in
the bathroom clean back up before you
and we will be right back are you all I
see yeah not fun buddies white but we
can make from study by just adding
sprinkles to it so all right this is the
only you're good Kane you're so cute how
do you like your hair though a little
long it could have probably cut some
more off not a hundred person if I'm in
love with your hair okay since we don't
have the fun buddy mix we're going to
make our own so we need to find
sprinkles why can a lot of sprinkles up
there you like these these are the two
different ones those make more colorful
one dump some sprinkles in there
there you go
so yes you didn't know that the
difference between just like white meat
in the funfetti cake it's just having
sprinkles in it and bake 350 so when I
was mixing up and dill or the cupcake
Nick I forgot to add water and start to
put them in the cupcake liners and I was
like you better like extra sticky do you
think it'll be okay now
let's hope it'll be alright we came have
been obsessed with this cupcake show and
we saw it found that everything that we
needed so we're just going to do regular
cupcakes piping bag hold that and then I
need a little yeah you had botton these
to put on cupcakes
okay cane is going to go with the like
to make like grass and little like hair
hair type thing so he's done with that
yeah and squeeze with that hand you do
it no it is kind of hard how do you want
it it's not crazy string yeah makes it
look kind of like silly string yeah it's
awesome
great job cane okay these are the other
ones we did this is the one that came
made for daddy
or pretty much just going to hang out
cans you need a cupcake and we are just
going to hang out and wait for now T to
get home whoa don't break your tooth on
a sprinkle boy I've been downtown for
awhile especially this part of downtown
Short North is where we film a lot of
videos dennis and i used to film a lot
of pranks right here on these streets
memory lane that's what this is that's
what the streets because it is currently
almost 1:00 in the morning i just
finished my last meeting at almost 1/8
let me just say to this year is so full
of one stuff or not
dependable for you guys I got a whole
bunch of cool stuff coming up I am
surely working I am they are so many fun
day you know happens if you say let's
see had a bicycle feel right and you
pushed it as long as that wheel stays in
motion is they moving forward if that
will stop if also you must stay in
motion guys don't stop don't move
I'll tell you I get I get so tired of
all the sudden the only thing I can do
is I keep going and when I keep going
that usually clear things happen if you
it usually plays without about givin up
offices I push a little more
and there it is let's run a flex you
guys in the vlog I'm giving honest
advice support she has my select things
that I do myself and I'm just throwing
up you guys and I hope you take away
that that means that I also don't have
much to give you in this vlog
entertainment wise show us unjust office
forgive me for the lack of oh they're
not asleep they're not asleep you guys
waiting for me you like it actually not
for me guys I'm not a wig so I enjoy it
so late I got to edit this with getting
something so cool tomorrow I can't wait
to show you guys what it is I hope it
kind of fell through today so are you
going to sleep
what do you mean maybe put lit see you
fight lady thought a zebra laid on his
ball flesh has zero interest in you at
all like he doesn't care at all Zeus was
like I'm out he's like just throw it
just do your job off I want to take a
shower
little boy thank you for hanging out
with it mainly hanging out with for
inking today I'm give them some love for
vlogging because without them I don't
think actually I wouldn't have a at
all thumbs up for them today and if you
like Britney vlogging more I always I
think she does a really good job I
really do
she's always like self-conscious about
it so give her some love today maybe
help out lay all the spam comments in
the comment the comment sections
destroyed on I don't I don't know what's
going on
it's either fake Roman Atwood comments
or its self promotion comments or its I
leave them up I leave them up love you
guys so much thank you for being here
thanks for hanging out so many cool
things coming this year I promise you
that we love you you're beautiful you're
one of a kind smile more
you
