wait I love you I'll be back okay
I'll be back dude I'll be back Marty
I'll be back
she's dude don't you even talk to me
like that what do you want to say just
tell him oh you guys got a translator
I've no idea obviously back you soon
okay I love you all is that I know
look you just want to hug okay kisses
and hug
welcome to the vlog guys we are getting
out of here for today we got some cool
stuff for you goodbye my love why is it
so heavy just your computer would you
wrap it library what's going on should
be very fun interesting Dateline I might
be really excited for today and I wanted
to tell you guys in yesterday's vlogs
what we were doing but then I figured
let's just keep the mystery rolling I
thought about that she's ready she's
ready okay here take a note - yeah it
looks a little crazy out there it really
does actually has our weather like where
the weather cannot you live right here
it's actually completely
kermy did she tell you this notice one
over to his grandma's for a little bit
and it may be after I'm going to pick
you back up we're trying to work that
out and arrange that I got to go I got
to go do a little work today daddy our
weekend up so I was just talking about
us in my car was making crazy noises
uh-huh so weird
any fire was coming out of my dirty car
quiet on fire oh well got to go up
that's my alarm every day so the vlog
goes up online so what is it that I'm
actually doing today Carl with somebody
who's that man how was your flight bad
literally just flew in I know straight
from the airport
yeah straight from the airport for this
so what is it that we're actually doing
clone I have come out with a new and
actually this has nothing to do with why
we've been going to Toys R Us or Walmart
this is something totally different
exclusively for you guys yeah now you
can do what you usually do yeah earlier
this week we got Otis 2x a Super Bowl
winner we got a buyer from Toys R Us so
basically going to break out our new toy
it's a prank toy super fun and super
creatively I've never seen anything like
it before there's an empty spot right
there was just set up shop a kiosk then
these guys this is just for you guys
okay so these aren't in stores these on
on any other websites from an
outlook.com the only place to get them
your free hand out flat and then have
you ever heard of like augmented reality
now
and know nothing and 11 so what it's
going to come to light and then it's
going to crawl around and you feel it
here Pudd'nhead really quick and then
just happen on the back just freehand
like right about there and then watch
but you'll see over the boat like start
to summon up these bug and they grow
different sizes now just cause you're
here for they don't crawl on you and
then just waving it on the back it's NFC
you can't crawl around your hand and
then just close it really quick and then
you know about NFC chip just tap on the
back and then it becomes real reality so
we're just shoot a little video of a new
toy coming out I just want to show you
what is that cool you guys down with
that thank you although it doesn't it
doesn't Sharlee not that I promise we're
just getting like opinions then he's
going to put on it's like a new thing
that hasn't been done before
clever but it creeps up more scorpions
cockroaches or spiders
yeah now come to life on your hands so
now we really cool oh you be your hoods
in and it's gravy hit over time yeah
Jimmy Vaughn I do not do it now just tap
the top what do you think of that that
is a great pop of my business deal guys
the Frank is so easy when you have a
good prank like this is so easy you put
it in their hand and the Frank does
everything the trick is good I was like
looking at you and mines going off flow
Wilfred hit the tree I think I think
when you're talking about ideas and
great inventions dude this guy nailed it
whoever came out with this 100% is
coin-operated I look like some buy one
like those you put coins in the side you
talk clothes in the side and he's right
people are coming up with everything
that animals that you ride around the
mall
genie what's up we just walked in this
place where they actually have flash of
Lila walk in we drove in on our big
stuffed animal to buy more stuffed
animals oh not that Ellen don't kill him
Oh Harambee and they have Zeus is so
perfect
choke them out all that one throw
I think it's time to go we have just
about got there's nobody in this mall
and a crane game get the best toys dude
this guy's doin they driving usually
adds water and then there's hot he's
funny a/c for coming in your ponies and
I studied animals out what I gotta say
not today with what what not on the
Froome over there today was fun man I
tell you like I always joke around like
I don't prank
no more like people say I'm out of range
but like I don't consider myself you to
pranks anymore but I will say I love it
like this passion quarters like I really
enjoy just wham and hanging out with
people making them laugh shocking them
in life just having that experience that
people is priceless
we have enough to us every single person
was perfect for that they had so much
fun with it that me has it gone I run
over have a little dinner real fast
I've got a whole bunch of stuff that we
got to go through kind of off-camera but
as a reminder this product is
exclusively for you guys it's sold
nowhere else we made it for you for my
viewers you guys listen to my breaks
ceramic you know I say when I call us in
my breaks us we use ceramic brakes eight
week that's what they do it
the other sounds like when I'm talking
about success so they are exclusive only
for you guys only on my website at the
top of the speakers don't fall for
anything website guys only available at
Roman Atwood comm just got it I got to
show this I have not been showing this
type of thing in my vlogs but this is
crazy
you work your dreams did you make one
yeah come have a look it already
always video here comes another wave
your hand over the top I just want to
feel like one day if you guys would like
to actually see what it's like to go out
as a family like in public I don't put
that stuff in my blog because it's
pretty goddamn right it's pretty chaotic
ok I got a job I'm gonna smoke it again
smokin we just stopped by Carl's office
and he's got a freaking Batmobile
do you think we could push this out like
this all last night absolutely just put
it back out yeah that one's backing out
this is Carl Drago are you gonna come
huh here he's in the back he takes he's
like me he'll be on his phone for 30
minutes ok so we're going to try to back
this out make him think like I did this
to his outie maybe a year ago where I
pretended that he hit my car I hit his
car maybe I can make this look like it
hit my car so it's such a dumb idea he's
like gonna fall yeah let's just push up
Oh
without them
got this thing out here and I'm thinking
to put my car like right here I know it
doesn't even make sense though no light
we're using that truck if you've ever
won second movies I did something this
car will be perfect right this is as
close as I can get it look it's so close
it's pretty tight and from here it looks
there actually see how it looks from
here I know you're fine come on uncle
pooping okay oh you just put them okay
see you guys live around here
yes we live just right we're pranking my
buddy here and we took this car we're
gonna make him think that it hit this
car it's just like his favorite car oh
my gosh you're kidding me
so see what do you now what do you think
it I did want to blame you guys I want
to blame you guys house I was showing on
my car in a battement just split up
right into the car that was funny even
even for a split second dude I nothing
like even the car even the car we look
even seeing his car gone with my wife
the whole crowd and everything it wasn't
like I said I said oh we're not we could
be backed it out I pulled my car man
they showed up my plane oh you gonna
push it back in yeah dude it was hard to
push out oh hang on hang on they're
ready but you're gonna have to steer it
I feel like it's in Drive did oh now how
you sell put it in neutral oh gosh that
way faster faster faster
oh it sounded dude it almost looks like
Zeus from here it really does almost
look like this I found your brother Zeus
I stuffed them mm-hmm you got that boss
stance flip flash Oh bully in my hand in
any nothin there
he's on my finger ahahaha he's nothing
there because he's gonna pop out into my
hand
Oh Kane I there I can feel it ah oh
where to go as you're watching this
right now creepy crawlers are finally
available on the smile more store check
that out man comes of a whole kit a
metal can the smile more bag the tokens
the app is totally free you don't pay
anything for that the cockroach you got
the square p.m. and you get the spider
June you can get them while we have and
guys we don't have that many this is
limited supplies Roman Atwood , be in
the top of the description of this video
it is the only place to get this kit and
actually get these all such a sweater
game puts just what are you ah
it is my body I see it would be IKEA it
is our current day and last night after
everything I realized that I've done all
the video for creepy crawlies but the
website haven't been done so we spent
the rest of the night getting all of
that up so right now it should be all up
and ready and available for you guys
limited supplies at all we love you guys
thank you for everything I hope you
enjoyed me going out pulling a little
public prank today yesterday it was
awesome I had a blast definitely got to
do more of those if you get the creepy
crawly send me your videos guys I'll try
to feature some in the vlogs I think
that would be fun but we love you guys
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile off
you
