first try I'm pretty sure you running I
was looking at the camera huh yes say hi
say hi there's 15 people watching right
now welcome to I can't do it I can't you
do it you do the intro I can't today I
can't sit do the intro like old times
the first vlog ever was injured by you
one thousand one hundred plus videos ago
hey what guys nailed it come on we gotta
go we gotta go we gotta go I'll be back
look all this food we can't leave this
out
I hate fully cooked bacon but you
calling me out you calling me out from
all these people
flash put that away put in the fridge
teddy bear now what city is that Chicago
oh I remembered oh look it's gray out
what up game buck always alone oh he
needs help buckle in little oh you got
your hot dog sword today we got baby
Liza's birthday hold of Sheena forty
fifty two two years old I'm gonna take
that go-kart back I have an idea for
this birthday think you guys know if you
follow this channel really long time you
know I usually get like opposite cards
like if it's uh if my friend graduated
high school I would get him like happy
40th birthday like something totally
opposite I've gotten you some crazy
cards I've gotten family member crazy
cards but today is a two year olds
birthday so let's get her something
completely just completely opposite of
what she would want this is what I'm
talking about like let's get her a pack
of sushi dude
you want to try it have you ever had
sushi give it sure no was trying sushi
for the first time I just take a bite
how's it you like it
or onions a bag onions that's so mean I
don't know I think it's a great idea
what should we get it let's keep walking
let's keep walking
what if we got her a live lobster would
that terrify her for life
would it terrify her for life ever can
you imagine you cook it
okay these are real gifts real gifts
Brittany's gonna get the real gift I'm
gonna get the dumb gift because that
just makes sense
it's so easy to buy for a two-year-old
everything's cool if we end up having a
girl I don't know what I'm gonna do I
don't know how to pick out girl toys
like I'm looking at this stuff like is
this the girls like this little car seat
would be cute
I'll see you carry around around that's
hilarious
we actually can get just K we could get
you a new car seat oh that's a good idea
yeah she would love that
I'm gonna check it out yeah he looks so
sad look at that horse that's like the
most angry looking horse
tough decision I'm going with the worm
I like the worm three against one
I lose basically if we have a girl in a
bar all the wrong things you can't do it
look either we buy it and cook it or
somebody else it's harsh reality okay I
see a serious question if you think this
is a good gift for a two-year-old play
with we waiting for a birthday party now
reaction predictions reaction
predictions I feel like she's not even
gonna know what is it I feel like she's
gonna fall in love with it maybe it's
gonna be her favorite pets she's ever
had what face you think lies is gonna
make when she sees it
the crane game inside we were playing at
Kane didn't win but he was trying to get
a lollipop and then some guy drove by
honked his horn and threw the lollipop
out his window so he wanted me for you
and then he gave it to you some awesome
people out there
okay last present from uncle Roman the
sherry opened everything I told you we
were late you know touch krazee-eyez
belly swagger on it
this is torture right here for this dog
man this cats just talking crap
cats are smart man they know that dogs
stuck working past a little time here we
are going to prepare our lobsters the
first lobster I've ever cooked if you
are sensitive to this type of thing I
would fast forward maybe a minute or two
from this point here we go have you ever
cooked the lobster no I actually just
watched a YouTube video to learn how to
do this and apparently you just boil the
water you need salt first put the sea
salt in reason pour it all out oh that's
probably okay it's gonna be okay
that's gonna be great fightin bro
okay I'm sure there's a million ways to
cook lobsters I'm sure you guys have
actually done it at your house we are
doing it just the way that I just
watched which was all the water throw
sea salt in and put it in for nine and
that's it so now we wait
seven pretty sure you just melt butter
and maybe I think you're meant to use
stick butter but you mean real butter
garlic and parsley we go all the way if
you want the other side looks like love
look to me
okay do it first try you guys have fun
good times great oldies a party was a
hit the big hit man I lobster with we're
heading on right now don't know what
we're gonna do yet probably just hang
out it's Sunday so it's kind of I mean
last few days have been kind of relaxed
but we're kind of just hanging up as a
family
relaxing playing goofing off
you are so lucky you look back I was
gonna scare you boys ass up low monsters
would we plan just customize the car
whoa chromed out windows and the tires
are gold
that's as cool as it were
whoa tape rams oh you have to hold your
eyes open okay you can't shut your eyes
yo yo yo yo I got nothing what's up what
are you doing get out a bathtub like
that flash what are you doing hey I hope
that's Voss Voss water you mean you're
sayin oh yeah I don't know if I've ever
told you guys this helps me but tiny hot
water tanks looks like showers are quick
back to home fills up like I don't know
it's like you're always close like
you're always cool so you know anything
I could come up with something you want
hot water hot water know what that means
but I will tell you what don't you call
the hot water guy if you need anything
I'll be out here cooking up some hot oh
okay I could cook you hot water I could
make it and then pour it in like a big
pot hot pot tea kettles would probably
be Pippi whistling Dixie out there oh ha
that she's gonna get a hot bath it's my
magic mixed
whoa that's cool she's not gonna know
why it's blue that's good-looking water
right there boys
pregnant Britney you guys it is a
totally different world I'll tell you
some of you some of you have been
through this some of you have have kids
some of you are very young and you
you're nowhere near doing that yet but I
promise you this when that day comes
you're gonna remember what Roman Atwood
told you and that is pregnant women no
I'm kidding kind of not really I'm I'm
being dead serious but uh let me let me
let me just let me just try to help
explain you I imagine uh the girl that
you love and she's super emotional
she's she doesn't know why she's upset
sometimes um she's all of a sudden got
clean things that she's never claimed
before very irritable like a split
second I'm sure it's great no no it is
it's it's uh it's great
let me pour it in
it's BA hot hot like you're gonna have
hot water hot what it's full but this is
blue special we made you don't need to
see it like it's getting cool now they
want a hot bath no it they're just for a
tiny bit that's cool look yeah that's a
cool it no this is a good idea
all right guys in pizza man cue messy
boy an update on the phone yesterday if
you watched yesterday's vlog I got a
cell phone that I was gonna release the
number to you guys I think it's gonna
take me a couple days but I think I
figured out how I'm gonna do it safely
and fun because I've also heard other
youtubers have done this in the phone
crashes like it just doesn't work so I
want to make sure it does work and I
wanna make sure it's cool fun for
everybody
tomorrow's gonna be a super awesome day
something I know you guys have been
waiting on for a very long time
flash trying to vlog your dude so okay
okay finish okay finished thank you for
everything guys we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
