mom already look at mom home she's ready
to go
welcome to the vlog guys how the heck
are you Britney's in here food what
exactly is food preppie I came out for
the week ready
so she builds a bunch of meals chop them
up number of them labels and Roman king
Noah mom all this is my vs. food
presents done yep we're set yes your
food prep list yeah that's my list I
feel like sometimes we live in an
underground bunker and we're like making
our meals for the next week or so
sometimes really I feel so welcome back
guys we're home the kids are playing
with if you watch that was the end of
our last vlog of training two big boxes
whoa Tony and his company sent us a
whole bunch of like maybe battlebot oh
well
you guys gotta you guys gotta get the
bug get the dog Oh whoever throws them
oh how do you ever get older with the
toys getting so fun
you are pepper thing with a what the
heck you talking about it won't bring
anything you make will be great
yesterday we didn't upload it was the
funeral for British grandpa which was
absolutely beautiful wonderful funeral I
mean her funeral
all the family was there and it was such
an honor the family asked me to be one
of the pallbearers and that's where you
help carry yep carry the casket and it
was it was it was seriously it was such
a huge honor to be able to say yes to
that and help with that process right
when we got to the graveyard like this
beautiful snow started falling and this
Sun came out for like five minutes we
haven't seen Sun for like four weeks
here it was it was it was the best
funeral that we could have you sure you
sure you still wanna go skydiving yes I
did mama we'll stop guys she has like
relentlessly asked me we're going
skydiving right when are we going
skydiving turns 80 we should go for your
birthday May 3rd memo goes to the
she's like really that mean my little
buddy taking a look at it look how
disgusting the car is oh no I gotta run
out real quick like we've always gone to
every time we leave we go to the follow
dude when Britney dresses look at me all
the way from staring with my likely
lately when I go out of town Britney has
been taking my clothes just fall in love
with this place how much how much how
much am I on my phone be on honey g7 at
22 hours a day seven days a week I know
I know I know I know it's bad it's bad
guys not over there not only is your
cell phone becoming addicted like a real
addiction but my career my life is my
phone everything I do emails from
Twitter to YouTube to personal life to
gain anything I'm like there's so much
thing to do on my phone that I'm just
becomes like part of my life now just
one my phone it's scary I actually don't
like it it's my job Noah it's my job I
always have that excuse even the camera
Justin we are all you blurry junk muffin
we've been on like this incredible gray
streak like it's just we haven't seen a
shot it gives you that feeling of like
what a hamster must feel like you know
you get a hands - you put a minute and
it's glass aquarium and you can see out
but I don't know doesn't it make you
feel a little trap you can't see above
them clouds
yeah that's all you're going to think
I'm not going to feel claustrophobic and
I can't get out intoxicating it does
feel more like a cage though okay this
is not why we came here but I've been
wanting to do this for a while and I
actually spoke about it in a vlog I want
to buy one of these like prepaid phones
or basically just buy a phone but then I
put the phone number in the vlog so
randomly we can turn on the phone and
you guys can call us we will pick up
random numbers then you guys could
actually call it because this like penis
there's only YouTube videos and people
saying they call us we think it's all
fake completely fake Lynette never ever
has that been real but this would be a
real way for you to actually call us in
we're going to do it's only $19.99 for a
phone they have different ones - this
one is $19.99 I'm going to release that
number in this vlog okay what whoa it's
windy what we on my way to get the car
jump jump little bunny baby it's cold
we need snow we need snow so bad okay so
we kind of failed and but not very bill
we just didn't get what we actually had
before you feel what we left with a cell
phone for you guys I'm excited to do
this I really am I think it's something
I see my friend Sam macaron was it
Santa's Sam came up with this idea I
don't know I feel like maybe him and
shaded it so I'm definitely not the
creator of it but I think it would be
fun to just give you guys a number and
randomly we'll just turn it on an answer
call so so we'll go home we'll activate
that and then I'll release the number at
the end of this video hopefully we
activate it - yeah oh my god
there's a crazy popular sting out right
now called what where they call socket
socket Walmart doesn't have pop sighs
that's like crazy that won't don't have
it there's a seer I'm not kidding we
have more requests for small more pop
sockets than anything even more than
cell phone cases like pop sockets have
really taken over so sorry dude they
don't have them they don't have them we
will order it tonight did we will
complete this mission
that boy shelf was sold out completely
apart circuits one more didn't even have
any so you've inspired me you've
inspired me we need bought sockets you
guys love them like you really love them
that's crazy
good time and Mama
get all the groceries who's that who's
that are you trying to attack me with
the robot I've got you boy
so what I went to Best Buy well I've
been getting so dog I don't know why
that no is back Ivan backed up my cell
for like 40 some weeks no no it said
last time back though never that's what
it's been really ok so it's been a long
time
no is literally doing everything for me
that's how advanced you are compared to
me like I'm like can you help me back we
got a fan phone oh my goodness a phone
for our viewers to call us anytime it's
a phone it's a real foot bone you never
you know you know what fun is I do
mama still got one that's it you got way
too much energy boys oh no for real no
for real trick is up I'm serious three
two one better watch you wait
now disappeared
ah okay whoa it was the biggest burp
I've ever heard out of you take
waterfall with today
nah stake fall warping into dinner son
my brother his kids and family are here
you know we should have kept our kitchen
table honey we would have been all that
sadly you're the only one thing I know I
know it really got me where you mistake
mac and cheese corn how is it it's not
the best I didn't make the corn how's
the steak what's wrong with it why does
it stink not good icon you'd say
anything we live on how often how the
ice cream is we're sure that'll be good
mine is the funny that misses because
he's just so honest
oh all right we're gonna play a game
guys and this game is called do not
smile okay now here's the rule hi my job
is to make you smile first person to
smile is out so here's how it's gonna go
I'm gonna have to do stop you're out all
right
knock-knock Robin I think I'm robbing
you
haha you're out looks like we got a
tough guy here no smile at all Conrad
huh that's a good one
do you think you can go all night
without smiling huh let me see your
mouth let me see your mouth what if I
turn it into a goldfish and flew into
the ceiling fan yeah what if Zeus got
the biggest heart and flew through the
roof
Oh what about you totally one dude try
to get the girls a bird I can't believe
that forgot now how oh that was nice huh
oh you would get blurry huh oh my gosh
I am I actually need your guy's help and
that we're warping into the night here's
something I didn't think about today and
that is I got a phone right I got a
phone right here I can give you guys the
number right I can post it I can tweet
it I can put it in the description I can
tell you verbally the number right but
did something hit me like something
serious hit me you got all these people
making fake phone call talking to me
talking to Britt whatever people now
make videos online up like calling us
and they say it's real met would
answered whatever first of all the super
fake and I don't know if people actually
think they're real if they're just
entertain I don't know it's whatever to
be honest but I started digging if I
released this number then people can
actually fake phone calls and you guys
will believe it because I did release a
phone number so it may have actually
happened so I guess as of now my concern
is right now if there's a prank call on
me it's safe if I release a phone number
then it could be real you get what I'm
saying I don't know I don't know I don't
I don't know so here's what I need your
help with should I release the number
online should I release this phone
number online how do I do it to protect
everybody you know this year's they tell
me in the comments how do I release this
number so we have fun and it's actually
a cool thing and I can flog some of it
and maybe maybe that's how we do it
right there if it's not in the voice but
if the calls not in my vlog then it's
fake I can record every call rule okay
we're onto something anyway Italy I'm
all stuffed up I'm sinus T I'm probably
overthinking everything
tell me what your thought says hit the
like button if I should do it comment
how I
do it we will see you tomorrow we're
back back on the vlog schedule and I'm
very excited to just get back in the
rhythm so we love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
ah mama
you
