welcome to the vlog guys we are just
getting our day started obviously I
always say that I always say we're just
getting the day started but really I've
already had a shower i morning dress
your shower you're dressed it's a habit
welcome to the vlog we are just getting
the day oh my god
today is a really interesting day and
tomorrow we have the showing for
Britain's grandpa and then the funeral
on Friday so I just want to give you a
heads up there may or may not be any
blog if you don't film Thursday Friday
that would be Friday and Saturday no
vlogs just seems like that would be
extremely difficult and just like an
all-day thing it's it just sounds great
so be aware Friday 7 may not leave logs
again however today there is a long and
it's going to be a weird one I have to
leave last minute and it's something to
me cool what do you I'm a little jealous
your first time is gonna not be with me
oh man I'm going somewhere today and the
Brittany's gonna try to vlog as well
because we're I'm going to be hard to
vlog and it's just a mix-up so today is
strange
yeah things really the knee are broken
camera what do you mean the camera game
is broken some broken handle in failure
the personnel crack is my favorite one I
take that everywhere so we're gonna try
a little bit I'm gonna travel bit to be
mixed up this is all I'm taking usually
I'd have like a whole suitcase and all
this stuff but it's gonna be the
quickest give me a white front one I
like the black I like the black I don't
because this could be my quickest trip
on a plane this would be my quickest
trip I've ever taken class like flying
out and leaving trick held it and I love
my you can top up your bottom first
and then finish this up I love it you
got missing man I'm gonna miss you more
but I'll be right back alright good no
oh wow the vultures are here and then
I'll oh man got to get going I'll be
right back I love you I know he's tough
okay your identity showing dude whoa
look at you like a this come here
because I know look at this doesn't look
like much from here but Khmer Babu I'll
be back in a jiffy I think my clothes
broken what does the donkey stuff don't
you
bye baby Hey of course it's rainy ok
guys so today is it's different than any
day that we've ever had in this volume
different for me something I've never
done in my life I actually feel really
out of place I've never been on this
side of the airport ever I'm with a
friend of mine his name's bill what's up
though Oh God
he came in pick me up in the house and
we are headed to what would you call
this a private Airport system well yeah
we would pick up private airplane yeah
we've got a private plane coming to pick
us up tickets to New Jersey Karl's
meeting us and we're going to another
meeting I will let call explain all that
but for now it looks like I get to fly
my first private jet that's a private
plane
huge huge for me I've always wondered
how this would happen and if it would
happen and when it would happen so
today's the day so it's really where you
guys are going to see a different side I
mean because I'm so I'm like I'm
cheesing right now because this doesn't
happen look at that look at them just
beaut I don't even know how this stuff
happens but it's crazy opportunity being
thrown at me and I'm just jumping on it
and kind of you know but in removing
with it and just I don't know it's crazy
I'm gonna bring you along today and see
what happens and now I'm just walking in
here I don't know what I'm doing what
they have bill always means if you
understand all this time I'm just
following him good girl
I just called he's flipping this is so
crazy
no security checks nothing you just you
walk in that door you'll walk out to
your jet y'all never going to be right
after this though like never going to be
right again
sounds like a good look at it's my land
dude that's a small more plane so it's
literally that simple it's just that
some little plane pulls out cause if
they don't go through
you don't go through any room so if you
bring this stuff right back I'm never
going to want to flex commercial again
this is going to really Matt this
is way way unaffordable for me this kind
of thing is insane
hi guys I feel like a super doors right
now and I'm so excited dude it is
Wow
Harvey's huh you guys just stopped it in
our region is how father is that we have
some Taco Bell get some RVs we've got
bean burrito we have Tiffany fly
yes I mean actually it's all through our
Avenue it
okay so what are we doing right now last
week you get all of this channel for
myself and freely sleep where was that
article or title hidden way wait hard
claw
what's with artists all to meet with one
more about product or fiction and how
did all that go by the way it's the most
stressful day of my life no we're in
Walmart you guys gonna do and actually
we're thinking about maybe doing a soft
spot on the flowers so this is Tony and
Tony this is your thanks for everything
like this is a phony plane and like next
level for guys like and Tony is the
creator
Tony's creator of you guys have seen my
kids play with them so just a little a
little buzz just vibrating shaking
you've got how many product Josh we have
the 40 our children authority on shop
when the grocery stores you seen these
guys you have getting so many different
products it started with right
probably our third item but this one's
really populated most coffee attitude
I've I've received the infamouse you
guys commandment everywhere so you're
brought in the medium and heavy
alright so what do we got back here is
the thing will sink low without lookout
closet space DVD player see what's in
here
Oh father something bubbly where's the
bathroom it's under the seat look this
is so crazy to me guys like legit look
check it out flavor Karen hahaha
I've always wondered if I would ever
ride on private jet I even want in my
life it is so crazy that it happened in
spur-of-the-moment this one's a plan
this is like last second like Roman not
getting girl call me like I can pick you
up in Columbus tomorrow and we just jump
on over yes yeah that's crazy and it's
weird how they thrown at you like that
you got it you've got to just jump on
the opportunity maybe you will lead to
nowhere maybe it will be to something
greater I don't
but this love would
all right that's our flight but how many
private jets there are out here
which is everybody's don't want anything
for what man how do we do it by virtue
it's our uber a nice Lane they go all
the way back they just like Chronicle so
now it's not we are trying to find a
hotel and it looks like just about
everything in this area is packed booked
out so a journey it's always a mystery
where we're going alright so yo I saw a
nice overpass that we could sleep I if
we have to there's a place off it is
funny that hotel is that is totally sold
out I know this is what you have to deal
with when we're traveling all the time
last minute to other guys to build a
fire alright I'm not going to lie like
I'm so used to Brittany traveling with
me when she's not with me I'm like LA
baby raccoons don't know where to go I
don't know what to do oh my god
that is amazing they're just right there
anymore
what's up they don't care they don't get
bothered really this is actually Bambi
branded bandages knees or disbanded
Bambi's new movie coming out in the end
we just arrived before we get our hotel
we just arrived at Toys R Us
headquarters global Resource Center so
yeah the buyer says hey want you to
swing by and we're like we're actually
like 2 minutes away so that's right
how's convenient downstairs in the
scooby-doo corridors oh it's a Toys R Us
they must not have time to set up your
walkway Carl all right guys so this is
new brand new and it's called creepy
crawly and me and Roman have been
working on this item for how long dude a
long time like three weeks at least
actually um
all right so we're actually going to
show you in a second so what freaked you
out more cockroaches scorpion or spider
chocolate cockroach is really happening
I would pick spiders fighters freaking
me out I just I don't anybody to go
through anybody that's been in your
community apartment breathitt enough
flat and then you're going to see how
this right here and then take this up
it's better not closing in and then just
wave it over the top and then I really
how it like whoa tell everyone what
happened like what did you want and how
are you looking at your hand any
marathons so bugs are on and as you lift
it there's a real bug on her hand you
can even see it did you feel me put it
on there now so when you when I grab
your hand I move it around that's gross
then you have never once you have your
spiders and scorpions and you stick on
the back their hand at arm ends up in
the next trick is the price come on
Sarah you know I actually thought I was
supposed to be there that's not even
what we came in to cook you that's just
a bonus
these are the memories I want for later
in life there you go now it's mama
eternity can't tie your shoe yeah
he's doing Oh miserable to see toll I
guess you're not watching hey you ready
yeah yeah you deficit in ER yes we are
remain my mom for dinner and we I have
to go in town anyways to put on the down
payment on the little donkey house that
we're going to get Kane wanted to see it
so we're going to go and town and I
just try to find my other shoe are you
gonna drive behind me what you gonna
follow me come on do I Drive like Roman
no stay in the seat with you hey I'm
here
hey we have to get this off of him I
stole it that's what me going
I'm thinking around the block flip my
life I know I found the keys in the
cabinet and I thought wow we took a
private jet today well then I think I
should go person in there he said grimly
we'll go steal steal a German car man
girl there we are
and you look good in it okay kane small
ha yes whoa you guys so you guys approve
of the house for donkey yeah I think
this will be nice yeah mama says here in
Cannes open on the front for is it nice
and roomy back there no no listen please
you got enough room you in my seat up no
my leg room is just my head room let's
work hard don't have an axe eat okay
alright pain you ready
yeah okay I also detect the throat out
there is a fly in here yes not kidding
this Carla's at Monroe and well maybe a
week
- I've been living on stuff and that's
not even our union state yeah are you
doing your peanuts on the floor yeah I
think that's the favorite thing is
throwing a peanut yes he's hot in that
I threw it from private jet to motel 8
now this is more up my alley so
everything so everything's so booked up
in this house
everything's so booked up that we have
to share a room tonight what bed you
want all we could push them together
have it Jess - whoa it comes with
Cologne yeah mom yeah well you know how
I go song for a at leats feet ask Robyn
to take that one over there - hence what
we made it at least we're good we got a
nice hotel here for the night everybody
just some food dog ate was like a
burrito on it like you a little I'm a
burrito
so I have you ever heard of them
anything here gonna come on that bag do
you think about it oh my hope you didn't
come on - got me you got me but we're
gonna be saving running together sighs
one of you know Heaven exists
working over to the Chart House look at
the view of this place
sitting overlooking New York City oh my
gosh definitely not in Ohio
great suggestion but this does not know
how anymore and I'm gonna thank my man
country because I called him and he said
I'm from New Jersey I can get you the
best place he wasn't lying he called he
called this place got it all set up for
us and got us the table - Thank You
country man you're sitting back here and
you're seeing that view the whole time
not yo yo you're right this is a
beautiful view it's amazing but look
they can't get us in we just showed up
banging on the table this is you is out
of this world people the own mind yeah
look at this table because these are
custom menus the outlet or ease and
absolutely take a look outside - later
on the deck here Oh
right here right the front video
give me five on he hooked it up to
hahaha okay we are on our way home we
just mama off somebody's sweet pea
are you tired knees maintain stay awake
nine o'clock and he's like we're having
a puppet party night so I can take a nap
and like I don't know who came up was
pumping for you now anything is Romans
dad but it's where you stay up and watch
my music we are back home
keen is eatin the little zone up so
there's this little place called jolly
pirate and I drove by it and I was just
like what something is them donut are we
going to watch troll is that where we're
and watch Kim and I are going to watch
that new movie that just came out rolls
and just cuddle up and relax I have the
calling our showing tomorrow tell
everybody bye bye bye thanks for hanging
out with us in Ohio enough I know I'm
not vlogging tomorrow I'm not sure if
Roman is oh oh I'm guessing the next two
days which will be Friday to Saturday we
will not be vlogging but we do have some
pretty cool big exciting plans for
Saturday the Sundays vlog will be really
neat ah so yeah we love you guys
yeah we won every wish we got for a spot
of trouble or I raised end up with the
Angels all chuckle Vietnam what is what
what what feel that like like you know
what query hit apply
I'm sorry no no no shock all right now
no shot no shot here check this out whoa
look at this thing of the things look at
the phone
Oh close your hand close in now just
wave your hand over the top what have
you yeah fans out there this is oj oj
like George John action thousand yards
love me he's the real public real appeal
oh yeah sometimes he really frees you up
yeah there's no phrase party not a god
he told you to care done something wrong
I love to drink
yes haha now you said hahaha
what this video I was there for a long
time and that's why that's why were the
best what nice I sitting - you guys are
afraid of spiders
try to pull the quake off door that I'm
afraid of quiet back you guys got a big
laugh I'll check you later roll with it
any really really big football fans out
there these guys managed with that
really well and I listened to my viewers
know me and I know everything about work
so I want you to ask me any questions
about the board stack me all what every
single we are capable
no lovin chain new la zucchini mine
tomorrow we found a remarkable singer
tonight and Maya dig up another music
label I'll show you guys news talent is
coming out of West dog tomorrow right if
you go do it there right here in the
town so baby girl
that's the ball today guys thank you so
much for hanging out with me it's right
back to Ohio tomorrow and we have so
much to do at home thanks for coming
along with me today I know it was a lot
different than usual and we have so many
little things we're working on kind of
on and off camera this new that that
prank kit things that's not even what
we're working on this up crawl and I
designed a while back and we're just
kind of bringing it out I'm super pumped
to show you actually what we're pitching
dollars stores and it's going really
really well so it's just another thing
to get into and work on and more
projects you know keep it keeping it as
busy as possible that's the honest truth
so you guys so much you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smart more
you
