why you wetting your nose did why you
wetting it no she went in dark this is
what weirdest place ever started welcome
to the vlog hope you're having a good
day we're out we're cleansing this is
put this is pore pore cleanse this is
what you know what happens when you ask
hey what's this
so how long you leave it on there just
like that
you own okay relax with your hair inside
yeah that hurt everyone who has seen as
is pulled it off can I rip it off oh you
want to pull the band-aid it's not
ripping off it's not like Andy you don't
rip it pull pull
excess oil out of your pores for a super
clear and shiny glow it hardens yes like
paper mache pull it pull it
I did one of these ones it's pretty
gross dude actually what comes off your
face yeah oh no oh that came out of your
body dude how do you know
I never seen you move so fast in my life
you flying I've seen worse time to move
on
try good time to go this way hope you
guys are having an awesome day look it's
dirty it's snowing a little bit we got a
little flurry little a little dusting
creeping in the house creeping in the
house what are we looking at kora hey
hey cat toys uh yeah I flash oh not the
cats or head yeah no let me smell nitro
and stalks are both sleeping right here
it's like my fish this is my fish it's
not your fish class it's nothing oh
that's cool hi what is this
mommy's that kinda is a kids like a toy
you can spin the ball well we donate one
to flash cane he's already got one
daddy it's not yours
that's not yours kiddies love fish spin
ends Bernanke's bananas banana likes it
tonight job on the prowl two cats house
cats ready to attack
he was playing with it this is kitties
kitties big day right here getting all
these new toys they're burnt they're
what what what is their birthday they
like it I know
flash okay alright next toy oh snap
that's the invention right there that'll
keep them busy look at that thank you oh
yeah tucks don't see it yeah there we go
they like it they like it I'll touch you
smashing it your smash is so funny all
right jumping around a little bit you
ready take in front you shotgunning it
I said shotgun this kid I love sitting
in the back I don't know what all the
hype about the front is walking my
cookies yeah see I know where the stash
is back here every time he gets ain't
looks back there he's like yeah guilty
now you know wanna sit the back seat for
real okay so we have to go out and look
at this is probably one of the most
exciting things we've ever done
honestly we gotta go find a new trailer
I know that sounds like ridiculous but
we got to get a trailer things to move
like if we want to go to Michigan and
take the x3 with tracks on it we don't
have a trailer for us we need uh we need
a work trailer utility trailer something
that we can do things more fun
it is weather man it's like been wet
muddy and now it's snowing again cleared
in Windows dude put it in bridge so a
Britney and I are coming home the other
night where we were but we're coming
home and we can't see anything
brian says we'll put he'll put washer
fluid in the car we're out driving can't
see anything no washing fluid when you
wouldn't know I think he tried to kill
it sabotage us dude no what happened was
this Britney in them or out and they
texted me and say hey we need washer
fluid I was busy at the house totally
forgot about her and then you
text message hey we have no washer plug
and I felt so bad no I think I can play
the video they played the video this is
after Brian promise to put washer fluid
in our car yeah here we go here's the
video I sent this to bra yeah it's just
payback it's Karma
for the record the camera makes all our
windows look a lot cleaner it looks nice
beautiful trailer shopping now just down
here in this beautiful snow country
found it which one oh that's cute and
almost put your your pink four-wheeler
in there this red truck you wish for
snow and its location I was driving at
leas let us know look at this place it's
beautiful
then even st. was supposed to snow today
Brittany's like find a trailer I'm it's
on your head that was a double whammy
what are you what really really
we're looking for all these trails like
a million trailers up here this is
trailer town trailer town aluminum
oh that's good bird poo which one you
thinking he's starting to she's starting
a war now
you got a war I'm starting a war out
here girl
oh my god I like this like you drive up
on it like a big like work trailer you
know or do you think we really have to
have like a dump if you wanna haul stuff
like dirt growl like it'll do everything
right like one of these will do
everything right and holla cat snowball
on your back yeah how are we buying this
thing well I'm gonna walk right up to
him looking straight into space I'm a
little what can you do for me afro dude
brought the fronta - by trailer last
time off-road came out in this cold
weather
Rose she gets yeah that's fine it's just
like an abundance of trip how do you
pick a trail oh my gosh
they're so MIT you wouldn't think like
you think in my head I'm like let's just
go get a trail there is like hundreds of
trailers like how do you know which one
you need oh my gosh oh my god it man you
got it got it you gotta want it got
commit to it it's only 2,800
oh that's it whoa I need you to film
we're doing push ups on the trailer
right now
you got to 29:29 come on you're not
doing it right
all right come on one
three four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen
sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen
twenty twenty-one twenty-two twenty-four
us it'll hold anything yeah there we go
got us work show I got something we can
haul move you you know push-ups on baby
you're not gonna do your push-ups no I
got snow oh oh it's going down the front
baby I miss you right not now miss you
ready to get a snowball or just snow oh
you going for the gusto you tell me make
you go over to go gust alright yeah
that's the King colossal that's the
caveman head cracker right there I'll
film you think oh my god you think it's
gonna make it home you can build a
snowman what about the heads definitely
gone yeah I got zip ties we can do zip
ties a knot a zip tie that's a zip tie
what's the odds there yeah I think
that's the best snowman I've ever seen
on the back of a trailer right there see
if he makes it home let us know let us
know looks like Christmas time I can't
wait til Christmas it's how you get home
fast we're going into hyperspeed put in
hyperspeed
you got a snowman survived snowman made
it he's a little different color though
look at this we're getting snow again I
didn't think we would I'm excited I
didn't know we were gonna get I looked
up the weather yesterday said we weren't
getting snow till February and now here
it is look until chase got in the hot
tub he gets in the hot tub just leaves
it wide open chase what are you doing
everybody tell chase thank you for
leaving the hot tub of I bet this nation
let's see what the temperature is more
surprisingly it's a hundred and one it
only started 104 so that's not bad
there's my snow doggy we got some more
snow buddy he's like yeah just let me in
Jane hi buddy what's up little gamer
dude just watching videos I love these
guys flash made it right at home we're
just getting back my little girl zoned
out hey hey hey you're all my kids are
in in technology land I can't even I
can't even get no attention flashing the
only one that wants me some lovin he's
gonna knock me over think you don't
messy come here you know you know it's
your mom's tire when she puts - yeah she
never puts the - yeah there you go Cara
look out zone she is it's like magic
Cara there's a smile bring her back I
missed it hey give me some lovin nope
not the TV not the TV hey not the TV
nothing like slicing a Kiwi no magical
that is like tell me that's not magic
that's how does it how does it create
itself all right ready no stupidy dupa
dupa t ready I love feeding my baby baby
shark yeah you guys like Kiwi you are
Kiwi mm-hmm
why don't you take a bite it up cereal
cane no no but it's a good stuff some
heavies Cheerios some heavy heavy
Cheerios they got real house
alright guys so that is going to be is
this all wet I still we didn't get much
snow that's about what we got right
there it all went away just disappear
started melting we got sunshine all
right guys I did it in the vlog last
night in a while what a night
I can't even hi thought Korra was like
kind of done with the the middle of the
night wake up stuff nope nope there's a
long one there's a long night but uh
we're gonna get today's vlog started is
currently current day at this moment of
the vlog we love you guys so much thanks
for being a part of everything we do we
have a very fun video filming today the
rest of the weekend is all lined up so
we got vlogs rolling out thanks for
helping us keep the streak going and we
will see you tomorrow I'm looking right
at the Sun right now you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile
you
