welcome to the vlog guys welcome back to
our home hello hello I came as you can
imagine the last couple days have been a
little rocky for us and we're coming
back here with as much energy as we
possibly can in case you don't know
Britney's grandpa has passed away and
the last two days have been Oh No
death sucks death sucks there's nothing
fun about it there's nothing good about
it so we didn't film we took the two
days off and we're coming back here with
like I said as much energy as we can
it's been a little rocky and to tell you
the truth filming felt like
inappropriate it felt like I was out of
place so we just didn't do it house is
still the same you guys haven't missed
anything really still gray outside still
gloomy it is the same Ohio there is one
thing that has changed and that's that
bump look at that oh my gosh she's
pregnant how's my toes she's got to feel
the baby kick like crazy I have not yet
got to feel it she's like here give me
your hand give me your hand I put it on
there and it's it's silent wow I have
still not felt a baby I'm excited so I
told her like I'm gonna scream the first
time I feel oh I'm so excited what is
going on here this we're taking a
blanket you go potty yep this is where
the bathroom of the blanket on what are
you guys doing you wanting to flip a car
oh my gosh I don't know where you guys
get these ideas right there that looks
way too familiar whoa you know we can do
this in real life right like we could do
that do you want to do it yeah got to
get dressed
I'll take yeah we can flip a car just a
normal day at the house he shut himself
in here I'm gonna die yeah
really he just shuts himself in and he's
kept the boy yep before we go any
further in this vlog I want to thank you
guys so much for the just the amount of
overwhelming support not just towards me
but towards Brittany and her family you
guys had really just just crazy the poor
and even of missing a couple days I
didn't see anything negative it was just
it was thank you so much for that come
on Blair bag
oh it's blurry we put the heat on here
we can put the heat on house this'll do
it right are we both gonna fit in there
I'm going to give you a class kids want
to flip a car I just want any reason to
get this thing out maybe we're trying it
because both figured we'd like to pull
it off turn-key half way yeah turn
minute camera it's the hot dog I'll turn
the parking brake off right there push
that in yep pull this handle back yeah
yep oh good this one slowly push it
forward you drive forward in the garage
prize of Sage's squats or one piece of
cake right yeah so easy looks like you
laying out everything so muddy
gasp are you sure you down for that is
gonna be fun it's so yeah yeah okay
let's do it
see ya
are we good
- 400 euro many pain
did the front windshield broke I can't
believe how strong the tops of these
cars actually are yeah look at even the
top is like real soft one
you ready canners did you want to try it
mommy no vehicle ready little buddy
what it likes right oh he's gonna flip
car today
why here we go here we go guys want to
pick this car
Oh mark
again
Wow brilliant balloon
holy mother
or dripping
also old guys in when I was when it was
on its bottles like we just came it
almost time what you think it is
I feel like caterpillars kind of a soft
name for something so destructive as it
may be cata killer I need this to be the
Cata killer that should be a nickname
category
good timing just started raining huh hey
hey huh
I don't think so not today just did my
nails what is that Wow
coming into small more and we're having
a conversation about art because this is
a fraction of how much art you guys have
actually sent this idea where there's no
gap so basically we put all the art
together so there's no wall gap I love
the idea I think that's what we should
do I don't know I like it but if I had
to rearrange it I want to like it right
everybody's art is going to be up soon I
mean we have tubs and buckets of it then
we have tons of art made out of wood
like you guys sent us actually wood this
these are nails yeah I love this you
just building spaceships this is what
you want to cook in like it's flying
that's cool with me I love that so fun
what up crazy dude there's my trigger
look how much bigger he is since we had
him go what are you doing here okay this
is like an incentive program so I need
not take it for like people they don't
come in late if they open late out the
course they don't make any mistakes or
do something special like daily or
something so they still have tickets for
different things they get to draw with
pit Bell we can't me see what's on the
chip I can see it
your eyes you're all at it oh look
that's fifty so if they pull it should
be a fifty dollar bonus hi Junior I did
you get four of these yeah oh my gosh
Employee of the Month
gala
you only get one and hey was the
troublemaker smile one jinda so this is
Britney way of adding little bonuses to
the girls
exactly yeah like so how much you end up
with 30 45 45 bucks awesome girl let's
see what you would get I see here five
Bob Barr five five back inside here Zeus
where is flash flash in here hahahaha
dude that's awesome do you feel faster
you definitely are faster cutting some
apples with my superhero here you got it
all the way whoop look at that stretch
it out what
oh yeah also look at that look how good
this litt carrot and apple northen bless
not you flash not you the other
flash mmm good like a garden mommy you
want so you got to go we had to go look
for a house for a donkey we are we're in
the process again if you're new to the
channel we have a donkey we have a
donkey and we're trying to get it to our
house to live here
Britney her mom have been looking for
home basically somebody easy is going to
build us a little stable form or we're
gonna free buy a little carne glass you
can finish your juice you got to finish
your Flint now not you I'm talking about
spice cane that that juice is gonna make
you run even faster they have a game
they play we're basically cane run blast
Jason oh my god is like hey guys I hope
you don't think this is boring or
anything I do want to talk to you at
first I can't tell you all thank you so
much for all the support you know my
family's been going through pretty hard
time right now
so you guys have been very supportive
very understanding on us missing days
I think everybody for all their prayers
and every all the kind words everything
it means stall much so something else
that happened in the last few days is
our donkey got light animal life it's
not like people might feel like I went
and gave them that I can't catch it so
I'm on Tommy they're kind of like a
little pre-built bar guy things
that wouldn't call it really a shed it's
way bigger than a shed and they're going
to do like a custom build for us the
doors will all be extra short and
everything so he can put his head out
and it'll be so cute I stated the I just
wanted to say thank you and you guys are
awesome okay this is kind of like the
one we're getting is that like a little
porch area with the doors on the side
and then he'll have a pin that goes out
so where he can like walk in and out of
it if it's cold you can go in and
whatnot they'll be ready in a couple
weeks of don't you we will come home
this again I'm staying home for the
donkey yeah this one can I do like a
double-decker like multiple donkey
donkey Dan head donkey Ben as Britney
just briefly showed you we're getting
one of these little buildings kind of
like this one right uh-huh I'm just like
gone was huge like a long you know
dangerous a double one this is where
donkeys gonna live and then it's going
to have like a gate that goes out and
around so he can like go in and out
freely right he's going anytime what are
you doing here - stop is that my cue
what no it's not but it's not your tooth
it's like a piece of potato it's my
favorite well it's not yellow look at
your under white this is a temporary let
me see you just attempt to temp 2 2 3 2
3 not want to go I'm going to go back
and get the permanent it's not supposed
to come off I hear I don't even know you
anymore
who are you you got a fake too
Oh jack-o'-lantern oh I guess that's why
I have a speaking to dentist I only need
a ton where I'm getting sedated so that
should be upon the vlog
what's couple weeks you're going to
consult see what you need done and then
you'll get amazing
basically like a full like new mouth is
what I'm going to be getting that it's a
mess it's bad kids stay away from a
serger well guys that's the vlog for
today thank you so much again and again
I could sit here and thank you all day
like you make a whole vlog just thank
you I think it's probably appropriate at
this point was that the hover treat oh
dude you got a bone there's just a
little bone
I don't even talk to babies like I trust
my I get one of those things where
you want to get one then things that's
the thing no you'll send it up here and
then they come over your speed it will
tell you your speed six six miles per
hour
oh dude you must took out the vibe
holy cow mama you're back you going if
you look now you can see them we love
you guys so much thank you for all the
support I say all the time
thanks for them likes and shares and
thumbs up everything you can do for us
is amazing we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
