welcome to the vlog guys welcome back to
Ohio we are at home in our home feels
good as always to be here welcome to the
blog we are here's the deal if you watch
this channel a lot you know we used to
do fan mail and that's when you guys
would send us stuff and we would open it
on camera
we got their buds I don't know this over
time as we started grow our channel
became uncontrollable our post office
would call us and we'd have to take
truckloads of mail home it got so crazy
that we started filling rooms full of
your guys's mail so all that's cause
that what is it lack we still receive
all your mail and and now opened by the
smiling toys when it comes in they open
it up and they sort it by either artwork
which gets hung on the wall toys for the
kid
letters for me and bread so on so on so
on so what I thought we'd do today since
we haven't done this for a very long
time just go through some of the boxes
I've recently come in just cain and i
right now brittany is visiting her
grandpa's first thing she did when she
woke up this morning I got to go see my
grandpa he is doing not good at all
he has been on what's that stuff called
I don't remember what it's called but
he's out he's not eating he's not
drinking and it's been like this
birthday so he is very very ill very
sick and again thank you for all the
wishes you guys have sent us about her
grandpa
so she's visiting with him for a few
hours it's just Kane and I so let's tear
open some boxes let's see what you guys
have been sending us first thing we
actually opened off-camera was this
bazooka k9 bazoo canine bazooka 9 and it
seems pretty sweet look he stole a ball
and he stole the ball came with two
balls yeah check this out watch this
look at both level news so ready you
guys ready who's gonna get it first
who's gonna get it first go get it oh
really fun toys for the dogs or maybe
you got bad arms or shoulders and you
don't to throw the ball anymore maybe
you can just shoot the tennis ball for
your dogs oh is that the new opening
stuff is that filler kids stuff in the
boxes wrapping paper to protect their
project whoo
more swedish fish this never ends I
probably could have the world's the
largest collection of sweet I'm not
kidding like please don't employ swedish
fish oh I like this sticker it's a smile
passed it on that's cool did a magnet
see oh dog tags dude these are cool this
one comes in from my man Luke you make
me smile when I watch your videos they
make me smile
alright go get it to my box please he's
been watching for eight months thanks
Luke promise Madelene not only I don't
know I'm saying that wrong there it is
it's really hard to explain love and
passion I help you guys like I this is
so cute man ten years old ten years old
here comes the delivery truck ramp man
see it somebody colored the whole box oh
I don't know what that is good let's
look here oh and I have been watching
some some stuff of your tour that's cool
you made it to the tour logs and still
stayed I love that it says they're toys
for Zeus and flush yeah I can see 100%
flashes turn them off it's for you flash
yeah look II like the cane this was
coming from pork head New York remember
when we went to New York yeah we flew
the helicopter yeah I'll take the letter
he knows something was in there you
already took it out my dog you guys
should see the amount of tennis balls
that we have because you guys I mean
they got tennis balls for life you want
to hang it on the door I don't know if
it's going to go on the door are they
all going to smile more store just like
that a whole new bucket of balls this
whoo look how excited he is for every
wall multi-ball
hey was it my house he read a book on
cool science stuff I actually love that
Oh
b.o.b oh this is awesome this is for
mommy she's gonna love this this comes
in from Ashley Stenhouse and she sent
like it's really cool metal bracelet but
she said since like
smells that calm her morning sickness
sickness and I said it helped her a lot
mommy's going to love that smells so
good it might be about Ted little candy
Pez that pop out that's kind of what it
smells like smell it all right coming in
from Harry it looks like a oh it's a boy
or girl painting that's cute no nerve
guns lots of side on top come on you
crazy dogs really a really laid-back day
which is great because um something
about flying lately I've had me like
just crashed like it just did
just overall laid-back even even the sky
is just gray today I want to take us
just a quick second and just say that I
hope you guys are feeling good I hope
you are having a great day poor Britney
is beside her grandpa right now and
things aren't good man so that some of
you most of you can relate to losing
somebody you love but it's coming and it
sucked there's never a good time for it
there's never a good exit of course you
know us we're always looking at the most
positive version of the situation we're
in at the moment and you know it's hard
with these situations it's not it's
positivity stuff in these situations
it's it's definitely you know you want
to see anybody pass them and that's
that's the it's just not good I guess
what I'm really saying to spend every
moment you can now with the people you
love man your family it's important guys
because you know we all tend to forget
that tomorrow's not promised we all tend
to take advantage of this time we have
and don't really realize it until it's
that time to say goodbye every day Fajr
literally every day is hard what without
those hard days we would appreciate the
good days we wouldn't small malls here
hey my mom what you got goodies man I'm
not the dog when you live when you come
here more yeah yeah look like you
yeah how was it best ice cream chocolate
man
as you guys can probably imagine we're
just going to end this vlog it's been
several hours and really hasn't been
easy to pick up the camera or you know
vlog at all let alone try to entertain
we're just going to try to start fresh
tomorrow we love you guys so much
seriously so much we hope that you have
an amazing day and that's really all we
got today we love you you beautiful
one-of-a-kind mama
you
