hey guys iPhone but welcome to the vlog
guys we are starting a little different
than almost ever like we never start one
at breakfast we're eating in our room we
both didn't feel that great when we woke
up why am I so red look at that so I'm
sunburned but I'm not huge new pimple
they did ding today today's our last day
in Vegas and most of our day will be
flying actually we only have a few more
hours here so Britt and I used to watch
a show called tank you guys know if you
watch this channel a lot they built our
small more tank and they have a show out
here and we watched showing every
episode of their show I want to go to
the place where they make the tanks so
today on the way to the airport we're
going to stop there meet Brett and Wayde
and hang out with them they're going to
show us the place and show us how they
build the tanks hopefully welcome to the
blog we are trying to start a little
earlier than usual especially since
we're going to start on a plane most the
day pretty much packed time we have so
much to pack up when we get into a place
my dad walked in is like it looks like
you've been here for two weeks there's
no kids and we blame it on the kids it
is off the kids won't even mess it up
this much it's time to pack though my
weird weird gear weird gear oh yeah I
don't know if I showed you this I did
tweet it yesterday this is a little
micro SD card everybody asked how I did
it this is how I did it never leave your
cards in a card reader I put it in my
bag I brought it out and this was
snapped off I have no idea what was on
the car but I'm really happy it wasn't
the drone footage from yesterday I was
in the salt bomb
I think Las Vegas is going to be happy
to see us leave maybe take our Ohio
weather back with us we are officially
out of here and just all employers left
Mike oh me into playing a hundred
dollars on blackjack I don't gamble so
for me it was like heck frigging no but
I did it anyway I was in LA I let's just
do it
I lost 100 dollars and probably tuned
I swear Sokol gave me $100 to play with
the next hand i won
$200 I took this under David film and I
kept 100 and left then I got to go cash
it out just touch that
yeah anything and just like that I'm
leaving Vegas with my $100 I never been
a gambler man I feel like honestly I
never had money before so once I did get
money I never felt like gambling would
be the proper way to use that money and
my dad always told me I could earn a
million before I won a million so I
always stuck to that it's a beautiful
day in the neighborhood
it's gonna be exactly the same when we
get home so in case you guys don't know
where we're going we're going to eight
him which is acrylic paint manufacturers
these are the guys from Animal Planet
and Animal Planet they flew out and they
built our aquarium you guys know I love
fish tanks and saltwater reef and these
you guys that came out and built our
tank and we were on their show I've
always wanted to go to the building
where they film their show and that's
where we're going right now
teste we're here this is so awesome dude
oh oh yeah I got to get my bag I'm gonna
leave them what and look at you looking
I lose it that's the Vegas style huh hey
guys oh my god man hi Trisha
Ronnie gosh this is so weird like
watching your show all the time so happy
to have you you know yeah
well dudes not bugs left my son Bryce
what's up right how you doing man all
this my chela so what's up man Heather
rolled in a British number what's up hi
Heather how are you yeah Josie this is
what got us to show right here right
here right is the first this is the
first idea that we had turning a car
into an aquarium
at this aquarium no joke oh my gosh so
how long is it going to take to get to
my house oh it's going to take really
long it's offloaded sup man fish tank
world man every type of fish tank now
that is an e oh right there you imagine
feeding him Wow look at this carry it
all right we go a couple in today just
let him get some video watch me there's
also videos focused on the victims let's
get him jazzed up refreshed look like he
get eaten in back in a minute
alright hello hello you camera shy man
he just said hello and I missed it okay
hello oh there is hello how you doing
this is such a like exclusive
behind-the-scenes look he just showed me
where the tour goes this they do tours
here every single day and this is like
backstage of that what you like mold yes
what we made your insert out like it's a
two-part epoxy resin this way makes it
every night take this together mixes it
up and then it basically turns into clay
you mold it and then that's how we make
all bang when it goes into the this is
actually like a alcohol powder oh it
keeps it nice and fresh so exactly like
though that is going to that oh whoa
that's a dunk tank girl ah loving
football I mean this is season seven
baby yes seven you can see it before we
get done but we're turning a washer and
dryer is when aquarium they've done it
all I get anything you can think of
they've done it as the man got us we got
you eat I built you time yes we built
all of our tank so this is how it starts
like a flat heat guard see the flat feet
right underneath the gentleman that
built her actual inside he saw what I
did to smile more good job and all the
effect everything
oh you gentle just worked it out you
might be able to take my home today
look at it carry on yo look how he gets
that out of there no way you are wait
literally just like you take a bird they
got all these volumes like just take one
we had over 48 birds here we re home
birds a lot of people you know down the
road they don't take care of them unless
over a year the beautiful animals and
some people actually they will will them
to other people
we take the birds and we take care of
them we find them great homes I think
you guys would be a great home look at
David Berg absolutely would definitely
you guys can take a bird home with you
today how I can't take it today because
amazing you're out of the plane I know
it I wait in the car you carry there is
an accounting cage yes Ernie Airlines
will start an era as well dot stop we
got like 500 animal now
these are our new eel we're taking them
home you would be so creeped out that
thing would crawl out a tank and eat you
in your office you guys you got one Oh
Brian yeah dude you're a good friend man
we're off to the airport man we're going
home Brett thank you I play he's taking
us the airport too and his boy you're
awesome dude and Bryce we're out of here
out of the rainy Las Vegas we need you
to go man brought the rain on to bring
back exactly
it's us it is we curse this place where
is he where is he hard buddy I'm not on
the plane yet we're waiting there's
mommy
Hayami we love you gonna cuddle with me
tonight
awesome sounds perfect you just run your
hoverboard around you haven't funded
taking off with that music in there
we'll be home in just a few seconds you
can feel our honey flight the plane is
what three and a half three three half
hours of somebody but it's a three-hour
time change especially like six hours
time Jim
right
we made it guys we made it back look at
this Airport it's 12:15 in the morning
so technically it's already current day
so weird to think about look at this
Airport at 12:15 sit anything past
midnight like a private airline that's a
cool Jeep I love them that plate was
like minutes long I slept for three
hours I feel great I feel so good you
know why I slept because I didn't get
Wi-Fi on the plane so I had no cell
phone I just left
probably got Wi-Fi I'd have been up all
scroll scroll to all week good coming
home to no rain is not raining in Ohio
it poured in Vegas a few days and a half
sorry Vegas if you live in Vegas I'm
sorry we brought the rain hit it home it
is 12:30 in the morning our flight was
delayed and Keane is still up waiting
for us Kelly is so excited Tomic but
we're all we're like like why I was
still wide awake I know why I'm
awakening that like totally right about
us sleep on the couch or wherever I
study excessively at this time
like I have energy oh really yes he go
only get tackled by your kid I can't
explain this unless you have kids you
already know I'll have to explain it to
you clothes don't coming home to a kid
running at you you're successful in life
like that is the most successful thing
you can have in this world is the local
your job unexplainable
I almost totally forgot Brittany felt
the first kick of our baby
my pre like kick boom boom yeah very
hard kick coming out of here like oh my
gosh
- mm-hmm hey maybe it'll really looks
like a pile of blanket little Kanner's
hey you want to show me this was I love
whoa oh my gosh
dude it so fast he's got his routine
planned out what's it did you miss me
little crazy doggy wolf
oh boy the mom is that we're home guys
we are home safe and sound feels so good
to have my pillow the hotel pillows this
week about broke my neck game we uh
we love you guys thanks for coming out
first going with us and then coming home
with us
thanks for everything I got nothing else
you thinking Rosa really do know I have
a hair somewhere stuck right there we
are we're going to goof off for
literally a few more minutes and
everybody's going to bed we love you you
are beautiful you are one-of-a-kind
thank you for everything small more
you
