welcome to the vlog guys I am not
literally like a zombie right this is
the zombie version of me how you feel I
feel really good at all I heard my alarm
go off I got up to look at this note
I was completely away you know when you
set your alarm and you're being
responsible and you got your alarm set
but then you make up at the wrong time
because you didn't set the volume on
your phone that's what I did today alarm
is going off
never heard it so here we are guys we're
running a little late but it looks like
we're going to be ok hopefully our
flight leaves in 50 minutes
you have not said it we're not laying
we're always laying I've probably not
been late a couple times search fit
today no and I are taking a trip
together it's been playing for a while
and it really excited very excited let's
wake up I'm very very out of it it's one
thing to wake up in the morning which
I'm terrible at it's another thing to
pick my camera and vlog it like that's
the hardest part even one thing else
let's do this oh jeez must fella man I
wish we were going is gonna be warm but
it's not snowed a little bit last night
can't really see it but did
what
totally
haha thanks ad get you
okay well that did not go as planned our
flight no call no text no email your
flights cancelled that is so crappy and
our next flight we can't get a flight
out to like 5:15 tonight overall that's
in pretty well
wait flash hey flash nice to see you
again hey Zeus look I didn't actually
leave you don't want to be mad at me I'm
back this is the worst time for me to
leave with you she has a chiropractor
she's got to get like broken in half to
get fixed her nerves all pinched she's
pregnant she's sick she's really ah no
and I had a blast one of the airport
back that was really nice
did you know that me and Noah already
went to the airport and we already came
back we did so yeah we're back home good
thing too because grandma made noodles
and potatoes macaroni Wow no so I want
to talk about this real quick cuz I
thought of it on the way home and
leaving the airport I couldn't help but
just want to like say something negative
towards the airline right like they
screw this up I'm so mad bla bla bla
right but how many times do I fly a year
I fly a lot like I think seventy some
flights last year how many times was I
like thanking the airline for such a
good flight never I never did it I think
that the reason I thought of this is cuz
we as people we do this with everything
like it's so much easier to talk crap
when you're mad then compliment and be
thankful for the good things going on
like we always go to the negative we
always go to like I was just thinking so
negative this morning it made me realize
that like we do this with everything not
not with the airline like we do this
with everything when something goes
wrong I don't know how to explain it but
what I'm saying is like it's so much
easier to like talk crap about the
company instead of like complimenting
them on the 70 good flights it's
something to think about
we do it with a lot of things not just
when something goes wrong but like it's
like your mom and dad won't let you go
do something right you're so mad at them
for that you're so mad at them for not
letting you go but how many times have
they let you go do something or you
didn't even think nothing of it you just
thought that's that's what they're
supposed to do that I always resort to
the fact that happen for a reason
everything happens for a reason and my
life has been very true if my flight
what am i handsome
I want meeting these potatoes right now
are you ready this time like for real
like we're leaving this time they only
go on this song oh are you playing your
game while you hug me hey you take care
of your mommy okay you too you too big
boy the house now all right some cookies
some milk
I will it's supposed to snow Sunday
night me and Noah's got a big mission to
complete we're gonna do it all right
enjoy you too man
love you Zeus I know I already know he's
so upset at me dude I have to me and
nose went on a very special mission look
at that face dude my kids my own kids
don't give me that look Zeus I don't
know who's making me feel more loved is
he's really upset you give me one last
five for today just give me five give me
five oh I'm sorry baby one belly rub
I'll give you one belly rub before I go
that did the yesterday's walk you guys
seen the kids trashing on it it's a hat
but it was frozen solid yesterday and we
still have a pumpkin I thought we got
rid of all the pumpkins okay we are we
are really leaving this time it's gonna
happen or get on a plane we got a secret
mission that we have to complete the
goal
we're drifting you can kind of see the
snow it's coming down a little bit a
little bit I bet by the time we get home
it's about snow time I'm ready for some
snow blogs like for real I got some
great ideas this year for snow vlogs and
we just need the snow it's hard to see
on camera it's kind of coming down right
now all right let's do this
if it feels like you're having deja vu
we've already done this today that's
where we going dude where are we going I
keep saying secret mission but where are
we going
I do actually tell him I'm asking you
you want me to tell them knowing I have
a bit of a mission to go on father-son
trip super looking forward to this trip
for many reasons and it will all make
sense very soon but for now it's a
secret mission have you ever had bulgur
bread that's booger bread dude your
planes pulling up right now
Koh lombo we out here boy you excited
I'm so excited little time with my man
with my little man not so little though
you're gonna pass me up sure
ready 1 2 3 pillows blankets you're
ready man oh my gosh put the bottle
bottle flip playing addition only
playing wait be de-iced it's both trucks
and come over and blow all this like 80
fries juice all over the plane it's
delicious
seems Fran seems Fran
all right we've made it alright guys we
made it to our first stop we are headed
to what did I say b31
got this we got this looks like we have
a layover so we have time to maybe grab
a snack whatever you want to do let's do
it
I was just here so I can't remember when
but I was just you wait you want to get
on the train
yeah we gotta get help over the chain go
go go wow that feels so weird whoa wait
see step right there
should I just wait for like something
jump out
you've now entered the twilight zone
when this train stops we'll be on
another planet with creatures no one I
have a little time to kill we thought
we'd get some good get any eaten all day
I'm a bad dad I know we're sitting here
eating and we're looking up weather
conditions around the world
Antarctica the warmest day of the week
will be Wednesday 4 degrees 4 is going
to be the finest high during the days of
- -10 degrees nuts minutes Antarctica
though right that's what kind of that's
what we're doing right now we're gonna
pick up temperatures I wonder if there's
a way to search for the coldest in the
warmest they look good - like they're
stylish you know it - can you see oh
nothing Oh - I'm due pretty soon he's
gonna have backpack straps and care for
one more flight and we have arrived to
our final destination
hey guys
all right we have made it but we're
gonna make a guess on what number our
bag is going to land on what do you
think yes that's the name of the game do
there's a lot of risk involved
yeah there's 50 cents at stake 50 cents
that's what I have in my pocket joke's
on us we're at the wrong carousel and
this one has no numbers dang it which
girl will it be on you ready you ready
oh it's not too bad it's not too bad I
mean there's palm trees I'm gonna tell
you that
yo my man this is us this is huge
how are you very nice to meet you this
is all for us it's just us to just all
up up in man enjoy what do you think of
that whoo hey yeah yeah it's night way
too nice
I feel like I should drive and let you
sit back you down if you like nice okay
thank you so much what the car one car
ride is long just sleep in here dude we
don't even need a hotel
no no hotel hey we don't need a hotel we
can just crash in here okay well the
good news is knowing I have arrived we
made it good job man two flights to
switch them yeah I can dim melora lights
wall lights blue lights green lights
yeah I think they got us confused with
somebody else where the at words I think
this is the surprise for you ah thank
you
ah sir would you like a fresh bottle
water
we can get that for you let your father
go woman okay sir your waters ready can
you hear me
hi I love you where's mommy hey mama
how are you feeling seriously oh it's
pretty cool right this is really cool
dude I can't wait to show you guys tell
you guys what we're doing it has to
remain a secret today for reasons that I
will tell you tomorrow I know it's
frustrating too it will all make sense
you guys know how I am I have to hold a
couple secrets here and there
choo choo welcome to your new home for
the next few days this is nice
dude what bed you want decisions you
want that one okay guys we're here we
made it safe we are doing something so
fun and special tomorrow I can't wait to
bring you along however I can't tell you
what we're doing today it will give up
the surprise so we're here thank you for
coming with us
you're freaking awesome thanks again for
everything we're gonna go ahead and end
the vlog you want to say anything do
anything see you tomorrow
oh how am I gonna edit is yeah I just
realized how comfortable I am okay
comforts the enemy comfort is the enemy
don't get comfortable does take it from
me comfort he goes all the times like
that's was like no obviously you
cannot sit down no one knows you cannot
stop moving if you stop you stop I love
you guys thank you so much we will see
you tomorrow you're beautiful you're
truly one-of-a-kind
more
you
