okay undo this do you wanna do this yeah
guys welcome to the vlog how you doing
hanging
oh you in the dab mode this week boy
give me five has a whole nother level
dab right there dot dad five dive dive
hope you're having an awesome day guys
we are just getting started I got this
thing maybe two weeks ago and I've never
used it but it's uh I'm sure you've seen
these before maybe you haven't but it's
it's a mount for your dog for your
camera ah
get out of here Dino okay open it come
on mr. muscles let me see what you got
boy huh honey
ready puppy dude it could work I just
face up you have to crawl around on like
a dog all right what do you think Zeus
no we got put it on a dog it's already
on you said good Zeus Oh see look like
battle armor dude it's battle armor grab
a GoPro
that's perfect put it in this case and
you push it down I want to sit at home
nasty elf
I know it's snowing a little bit I saw
some snow Oh check out Zeus check this
out
I'm gosh he's like I'm not gone until
daddy goes lunch here we go he likes
always heels was always like I was
thinking flesh might be - yeah he's so
sporadic though like this is a little
more chill see now I won't actually just
leave and watch what they do you know I
mean yeah right to sleep Jesus sit so we
get it we get a high fly
Oh takes your breath away Wow
my oh there's my man oh I'm only leaving
for like 20 minutes 20 minutes me the
best boy
I don't know cuz you are I finally got
tags on my car which has been sitting
for I don't think I've driven this thing
for a month maybe more she's got it and
I'm out of gas dude I don't know if you
can see it but it's snowing a little bit
I cannot help but think that right now
somebody's grabbing their surfboard in
this tropical weather and paddling out
to ride some beautiful crystal-clear
waves like that's happening somebody's
doing that right now maybe one of you
live in that type of paradise and it's
just like man you don't really think
about it in - it's snowing and you're
like
that's happening there's another there's
another world I'm taking you over to my
brother's to show you my brother's
factory to show you what he's been
working on I think I've showed you this
already but it's kind of new it's kind
of exciting for us as a family and it's
just so cool and like I don't know why
I'm so drawn to it but I love it yo yo
look at this thing what's up man
welcome look at you don't know what
you're doing welcome what is my post
doesn't do anything you want to see the
like technicals you don't know this
doesn't do it on let's see yep back
pressures good yep yep we're good you
guys know we've actually showed you this
before but they're actually ready Dale
is now producing them so let's check
them out whoa what's that
this is purge we're just getting the
plastic ready getting temperatures I got
plastic poop yeah this is the funnest
part so that's super hot yeah 100
degrees it goes down are you getting I
mean it's hot it's hot look why is it
pooping ha ha
gotta go you gotta go see it it's
collecting material from here which
we're adding color from here in case you
don't know this is an injection motor
this is how you you get a mold it pushes
plastic into it and on the other end
comes whatever you've designed yeah how
long is this project been how long
I mean we I think we originally sent the
final design files to the tool maker and
February she's alright so this is the
actual mold these big thick metal plates
here's the you can kind of see it oh
you're in and backwards so that the
final products like correct - they're so
pretty oh man yeah this also make fresh
crisp smile more dollars but here we go
actually once you do the honor what do I
push push this button with the red tape
okay
watch here
shoot really fast whoa
dude they are how did you just make that
like that then you just snap that off
it's not just a ruler you designed he
designed a sinful pencil and the rule is
just a perk yeah and it's like for
school for goof off like you can just
spray you did it with spray paint yeah
if you just shooting either
pen or pencil marker paint spray paint
whatever you fill in these cracks on the
other end will be smile more that's epic
I love it it's so amazing like you see
stuff like this like even in the store
you see a stencil roller but you would
think it'd be made right here by you
aside up they come two at a time so you
have it guys something cool that Dale
has personally added to the smile Moore
store himself I love it man thank you
awesome and when this is all said and
done I want them molds you're gonna pay
a lot of done the diamond smile more
buttons this might blow your mind a
little bit to make something like this
just to make something like this for
those pretty molds how much roughly not
the exact price let's put it this way
a small mold a very small plastic part
can cost about $10,000 for the mold and
a larger part can be 60 easy another
thousand dollars sixty grand nothing are
they all that shiny and pretty they have
to be right no like if you want that
rough heavy-duty look they'll look all
like texture like laser engraved texture
like if you want it to look like carbon
fiber it has to look like carbon fiber
in there if you want wood grain that
metal has to look like wood grain to get
this super clear it has to be polished
like a mirror and that's why it's so
chrome and shiny exactly that's polish
to the tilt so a lot more work and
effort goes into such little things that
even I understand this is
this is crazy this is cool they're
available right now thanks to Dale this
is a new product to the smile Moore
store they're available now link in the
description he do good you didn't go
hail that would have proved they ought
to prove right now yeah he was a little
hesitant to unclog the toilets by yeah
Dan you're growing up you're growing up
that uh no yeah no it's been going over
and helping deal with his dominoes and
things packing and just you know helping
working on money it's great I love it
say Happy Holidays this is from the
social media team at Garmin oh not a
brand deal they just sent us no actually
that's actually actually I swear to you
guys I said I can't vlog because I want
to think it's a brand new it's not they
spent a lot of time look at these gifts
they sent us each something and they
sent something for the baby hey Roman we
at Garmin really appreciate your
attitude towards life parenting and
family values we've been watching the
vlogs for some time now and would love
to work with you and your family in the
near future please accept these garments
gifts as a token of our gratitude for
you and your family you want to open it
look we assume that Cannes is Cannes
they wrap them in our faces which is
amazing alright open it up let's see
what it is yeah this is for the baby so
I'm gonna open this one I know the baby
has to open that one what is it a car so
it goes you know how its rear your
baby's rear-facing put it back there so
you can see if they like lost it
here what is it came what the heck is it
dude whoa vivofit junior it's a watch
school open
step one throw it out on the ground as
hard as you can no no thinking I think
ours is the same thing should we both
open it at the same time
well go for it go ahead you open yours
it's on the multi-sport training GPS
watch look at that my god it's beautiful
what open it boy open it
jake and the neverland pop Natalie Jake
and Natalie Jake and Natalie thank you
guys so much
this is way way too much this is
unbelievable wait how do they do that
the sweat has a smile more logo in the
wash that's so cool - one more - oh
that's so cool I said yours is green on
the back huh is that what you're doing I
know is that what he's doing that is so
fun let me see what you had well yeah
hundred and fifty nine dinosaur steps
dude I told Kenan count your steps and
now he's just running around running
around it's snowing
can't really see it but it is but it's
snowing so hopefully it keeps it up
probably not hi guys as you saw moonbug
my dad shipped keen and I came to sleep
but he shipped us I don't know where I
am but I'm really cold
I think it's snowing I don't know what
I'm at my dad's house
ok I'll ship to the same place
every time I hear the songs beginning to
look a lot like Christmas I always sing
it and say it's not beginning to look a
lot like Christmas does it one it snow
so now I can actually sing the song in
the right way
okay look pain wants to play a game that
I did Conrad kind of made it up but I
would chase them around on the
trampoline so Connersville said let's
play over I was like what's that like
yeah we're just playing so we call it
over from now on and changes so let's
play ogre so the snow on your coat whoa
tiny touch you oh oh oh he's gone bug
lash by hole good time do the cameras
all foggy from you guys coming in I have
to actually let my camera warm up before
we can film it's all foggy
good a little chicken nugget on the
floor I wanna I just want to see a
comparison come reduce right there
stasis sit sit like this size look at
the size you mean take a picture okay
hold still I'm gonna take a picture
go on lining it my masseuse license real
quick chiropractor license I can do
YouTube tutorial I'm sure I can knock
this out after and Asajj all I can do a
John Cena mixed with one of them uh was
the elbow drop one
like milk its way the energies push away
energy push away
oh very push I understand what you did
here's the real question how did you
freaking hurt your rib that's not good I
don't know it was out she's like okay
wait wait let me tell the story real
fast she wakes up where was I this
morning what are you talking about was
it last night you woke up one night you
were like my chest hurts so bad
remember I had a little pain in my like
the front of my chest and then I went
and saw the chiropractor and he said you
had a rib out put it back and it's been
fine except for I think it was the night
before last
her pain where you gotten that Cup yeah
like hurts to breathe
pretty puppies you should go to the
chiropractor for real I have to it
worries man like any problems with you
right now with the monsters in your
belly oh I need to go to chiropractor
every couple weeks anyway so I'm due
well I was just trying to help I'm sorry
I pushed her own spa pusher on but
unless I know I'm not gonna lose huh hey
kinas know like that we're even here
he's just in fruity pebble Cup world
well guys although I don't actually want
it in the vlog right now we are get it
in the vlog I have to edit tonight and
get in bed early good look you daddy
look your daddy oh really help my backup
we are actually getting up very you guys
know how I am with mornings especially
with vlogging at night so I'm gonna in
the vlog early it's actually pretty
early it's only 9:30 p.m. which to me is
if I can get this vlog started and
edited and done I'll be able to head out
early in the morning and feel great
Debbie and said we are getting up early
and I will be bringing you completely
along it should be great vlogs all
weekend not missing a day ever again and
I'll see you guys Monday ever again your
battery lights flashing beep beep beep
beep beep beep beep beep better tell
five four dice bye we love you guys
thank you for everything again and again
and again you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
