yep just down the bog right now are you
ready you tell me if you're ready oh
wait welcome to the blog were looking
for gonna make like a you should leave
one of the parts ring that's else I'm
gonna make like a song remix of all your
mess oh my god book to the floor guys we
got a very kind of hectic busy day today
preparing for tomorrow and yesterday's
vlog I told you that we have a really
crazy crazy day plants but I ended that
vlog on current day today so technically
it's tomorrow
are you pissed yeah me too no when I
just ran out real fast we're heading
home right now in fact when starts car
and get warm call me what Cole did yes
we're headed home got a couple things to
do and we're probably going to raw vlog
a little bit for you and make the best
out of today so that we can prepare for
tomorrow couple things wrong about we
got a clean dude and we got to get rid
of that limo guys how do we get rid of
that limo leave that page you have that
face like I know what we're doing better
yeah I just tow it awesome junket we got
to do something more with it in stores
so whole car there you tell me I like I
like your ideas as much as you like
most of my how many times have we walked
into this house on the vlog Channel hey
hey yo hey good oh you just want to know
what I got you I thought you were coming
to hug me okay a couple quick things
real fast knowing I rented a gas station
before I left to ask King do you want
anything and he said surprise me with a
bottle of water because that's the only
thing answer I was not really surprised
by get you bottled water so I bought you
a bottle water that I've never bought in
my entire life it's a Voss is it cool
look at that bottle it's a vial of water
from scientist all right so the one with
the regular 99-cent model you only think
Brittany asked for was this chocolate
cookies which for the first time ever I
couldn't find them okay like I want Sean
to a cookie I thought I would share can
you help me Kane
are you suing yep we got this 14 we
totally we totally junk dog in today so
to be honest with you guys like I said
today is a little hectic for us because
we got a plan for tomorrow Debbie and
said I have a couple things I personally
need to do this four-wheeler is still in
the back of the truck the trailer storm
the truck it's still out in the yard
like it's a mess I don't even showed you
guys this and all over here no no no
idea it's a little bit late so I think
the first thing I should do before I
really get settle in here is go get the
trailer off the truck and get that
four-wheeler in the garage
it has to happen before we land yes I
already feel so bad that we left it's
been like almost a week it's been
outside of terrible
wait so you like it you love it bottles
cool right like a water bottle you can
keep it that's why I got it I asked them
if I could have a drink you like mom get
your own bottle you found this on the
floor
what's up lazy dogs
what are lazy boys yeah I flashy the
kids have been hooked on this um what we
are but it's this client game we're
basically a extreme client oh it feels
crazy when you fall I can't wait till VR
becomes a pump like everybody has it
when it gets down to two three on a box
like a PlayStation inside that thing so
cool
that's your baby she's like no you ain't
I know most of you been with us since we
got flashy just the craziest double
you're just thinking what even think of
it is it so called is it still called
hog hiring if you dog time the country
girl coming out of it how crazy he could
ended up in so many different homes we
got him at the pet store and we forgot
that he actually was a returned dog a
family bought him brought him back the
next day so he ended up with us we're
lucky to have him actually he's been
he's actually been a really cool dog he
definitely wins the crazy face award
I've ever seen dogs make faces like he
does at least we got some sunshine today
man look at that there's a while for us
I swear I mean look at my yard guys look
at my yard that I care so much about a
lot of people don't know this about me
but I've never driven with the trailer
before just this week
with my first time ever this is what
you're using and none of it like a brick
on a break I don't have anything very I
certainly don't use the weight it's a
very huh look no watch okay wait
you didn't do this the other day because
you didn't know how no I couldn't figure
out to get it all said you figured it
out
oh yeah so the other day actually
actually when we did the play button
video I couldn't figure out to take the
trailer off so it's been sitting in the
yard on the truck with the quad I backed
up when he had it pulled down and
scraped the driveway yeah you know it
was this whole time with this little
bolt right there oh is that all I gotta
do now pick the quad off and Oh actually
before I do that girls have been hanging
up a lot more of your fan art thank you
guys so much for sending this it's uh
there's just so much and there's
actually a lot more than this I mean
there's salt I think we have an entire
room dedicated to just fan art and we're
just trying to get it all hung up thank
you so much for sending up this we love
your art and you want to do the whole
store in the stuff right always film
myself coming off this thing it just in
case I fall no you guys would love to
laugh at them I didn't fall but the
camera didn't even record so if I did
paw it's been really bummed crazy dogs
okay so I'm inside just dumb idea and
she think she's gonna do it right now
hey wait wait wait move it back down
sit back down just lift your feet
the tickle bandit you have a pickle
band-aid oh my go open the input it hmm
I've been hinting that I wanted to try
360 on my bike still growth it's wet
muddy outside so I want to try I'm not
going to go to land into that what
that's kind of what makes me want to try
this so bad what if you break something
like not like fun wise like come in the
house it probably will try it here I'm
still like at risk of running into stuff
hitting things that's what I'm talking
about
so I should move this chair at least at
least
oh my gosh there is your phone recall it
must been in your pocket God for joy did
it break oh you got so unlucky forever
let me tell you guys something I have a
brand new 7 is it a 7
yeah got it when it came out still with
my 6 never even open the other box and
so lazy
you won't even chase is what is he like
God there's a limo out there's gonna get
old man why's everybody are you old am I
getting old you are getting on hey kid
come down here what's daddy hurt himself
and break something in the house you
think I'm gonna do it yeah really
oh wow
that was actually pretty impressive when
I dig myself and I don't want me I have
to I have to keep my head I definitely
straight my head because you want to
street your head because you see if
you're gonna wrestle excited right now
is like a drug I can tell like the
picture of his voice though they're try
cameraman
you see people do this up why not
yeah given so much more credit harder
than Allah here's how much out of breath
regardless he's like alright I'm playing
the life changer leaving me oh man he's
gone in VR world corner that couch look
like a dragon all try to stop ah I think
my ankles laying back there are you okay
it's been something been building up in
my head that I want to do flat ground
360 I know I can do it no I know I can
do it all my ankle Straubing dude um I'm
trying to put them like I did your I
really did it's so lame you know it's
weird
oh there it is it's it so like I've
broken both bones and both lungs are
kind of have that weird like numb
sensation I like uh it's getting cool
now it's like okay so you're done trying
right oh here's the thing I know I can
do it you know we talking about breaking
stuff we're seeing that you just said it
here's a sucks I know I can do it any
more time like I need more I think
outside I'll nail it
one more oh one more do you know what I
wants to see me too actually everybody
wants to see yeah I want to actually
complete a mission complete three tricks
just me the third trick 360 off the box
success off the counter success 360 flat
ground
I'm really close I'm gonna flip the
camera out try it one more time
dude you're gonna want to see this what
so my brother kid just got here which
gives me even more reason to land this
360 Dale you think I can do a 360 on
this bike I know how to make you make
360 you like hang out ha ha you don't
want to hurt your own boy that is the
minute worst idea see over you're not
going to not make that if Kane's laying
there terrible idea
tell me and put it there and you have to
go over it um first grandpa's got to go
home not not because he's doing well
it's actually not that good but it's
good he got his wish to go home so
that's where it's gonna go stop it
ok I'll see you later ok love you when
mom's away the kids will play is that
the rule here we go oh yes I'll and it's
going straight through that wall
you said your was hard yeah and on your
first try oh yeah first of all it may
sound really silly but I'm super proud
of myself for sticking to that and
landing that little trick simple trick
for a lot of people for me it was uh I
guess not Valley did it and maybe ten
tries less than nothing I have to do
today is look at this got to get this
mop busted up man
look at that I think I've had a custom
floor to this oh wow oh my gosh are we
gonna get all this cut off for a big day
small say I don't know I keep saying
that don't don't think it's anything
that crazy but it's just a lot for us
John has upgraded his seat 19th one he
said 1920s 19th one this is all this is
I wonder how many haircuts this may have
seen you can just make me look probably
happy with nineteen again we get 19 you
can you buy me some comments like dude I
can't oh yeah I honestly didn't realize
how long my hair was it's gotten long we
left right I got peacock or a cockatiel
cockatiels cockatoo
should be bad one when there's wilted
but I don't know it looks like well so
yeah please refrain right I know exactly
where out right now in the vlog but I am
going to enjoy with this wind in the
blogging it ready for flow it's a lot
for us to get ready and just uh I don't
I don't even know why keep saying it's a
lot of a blah
it's just we get a lot to do off-camera
basically is what I'm saying
I also want to say as well if you are
watching at this point in the blog thank
you so much thanks for hanging out and
being such a massive part of my family
your your your not just with us you're
here for us and it's just unbelievable
guys from my whole family and myself
thank you so much you guys are
everything to us and we truly love you
and
I just want to say that and remind you
and I say this all the time this is
nothing new
stay positive guys there's there's so
much going on in all of our lives
nothing if you look at anybody and think
their life is perfect it's just crazy
that's not possible all we can do is
fight for positivity there's so much
negativity weighing down on us all day
the only thing we can do is fight to get
out of it it's a famous thing and I
didn't come up with it but that is the
negative mind will never give you a
positive outcome you're not out anything
- just try it give it try for an hour's
positive maybe think pub I also want you
to remember this misery loves company
people that are miserable love to make
other people miserable it brings you to
their level don't do that don't bring
people down man there's nothing wrong
with trying to lift people up absolutely
nothing I applaud you if you have the
energy in your day to make somebody
smile make somebody happy make someone's
day man I love you guys don't forget how
great you are you're great man for the
rest of your life there will always be
people trying to bring you down that's
just part of life I'm not on here to
tell you guys that tomorrow's gonna be
the greatest day in your life I am here
to help you guys get a little list maybe
a fraction of inspiration from watching
my videos man I hope I hope a little bit
that you get that I love you guys
everything I have I will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
mom
you
you
