welcome to the vlog guys hope you're
having a great day Noah and I are headed
down anybody coming man hello man good
where's my camera so what there it is
there's the city
funny thing I've had this for about two
years maybe just over two years today
because in Noah I found out this he won
the seat heat up how'd you even find
that yeah so pretty girl but my feet
I've seen I never knew that no one are
headed to the Columbus gunshot never
been here before John's going on as the
Candyman country's gone my brother's
gone wanted me to them and - dancing I
call the Candyman that walks up
community like hands candy but he does
it real speakers real Chloe like maybe
somehow addressing mr. he does it and
then Britney and Kane are going on their
own mission with her mom do a bunch of
stuff and she's got a camera navigate
six today just kind of failed yesterday
that pleases jamming dude like a Bieber
concert we finally made it there's like
four or five of sorts of videos all
kinds of boat show there's a wedding
show there's a hockey thing going on we
parked at the hockey thanks we know huh
it's like insurance he did hang in there
little father-son time you know oh
what's up hey oh my god like steel no
ask me why I call you the candy man I
told you always hand me candy that's
wise the Candy Man so this is pretty
cool this is bringing back some serious
memories I used to set up no joke I used
to come to these shows by myself and set
up rope booth I would sell rope here at
these shows I have my own table and I
would sell rope that was what I did on
the weekends that's how I tried to make
money I would come and get a table like
this
it's just crazy because I haven't been
to anything like this since
and it's thrown back crazy memories of
me being on the other side of the table
if they got all these guns and then want
to go their food I get it on
oh hey long came to the candy show no no
this is a gun show doing now this is the
candy fudge it like it what could how
much blood can you eat how much fudge
can a human eat well before you buy it
in town so much can you eat a pound of
ugh I could not eat a pound of us now I
could make a pound if I buy you a pound
of flesh than you eat it you cannot eat
a whole pound of butter I will make a
pound of fudge gross right but what's
that sample let's get to this but let's
buy something from the guy are you sure
yeah okay your day oh my gosh now it's
cheesecake lazaret let's do a uh I'll
try and I'll be I got it you oh you got
this just so rich of no way you sitting
I go nine to half pounds not even a half
pounds you want me to do ahead let me
down I know you can do a half pound
I mean I know I can you'll be so sick in
a hospital you like it it's so rich I
like it but it's so rich oh yeah go
Richard that's why it's a challenge
eating a lot of it alright every bite
should come with a shot of info like so
many guns did John Howe sausage and it's
where the meat you top so become okay
leaving the gun show I ended up buying
sausage and pickles at a gun show tunes
sausage and pickles take a knee ready
you saying bye to the doggies my boys
eat your food chain decided last second
he wants a hot dog yes probably 40
seconds to get out keen screwed up cuz
the alarms going to say cuz you're you
guys being here baby must be here I'll
be right back well we made it came I'm
all calling me
hello are you ready yep we're just
pulling out right now all righty then
okay we will see you in a minute
hope you are excited for a little bit of
steam logging today been a while I'm
going to get my mom and my sister right
now we're going to go to the Western
store I'm on need some boots and cane
wanted to look at dude so we're going to
adult with them there and then they're
going to go with us to this party store
to get some stuff to make cupcakes fine
cupcakes
not just any cupcake very fun cupcake
okay so if you guys watching us on a
regular basis you know Roman has cowboy
boots I'm super upset because I don't
have my size in these but it's the girl
version cause his cowboy boots they're
pink
dang I'm going to see if they can order
them for me that would be so like so
cool hey Kane wants to know if you'll
get matching boots with him much well
then your kilt on the cowgirl she likes
wearing her cowboy boot okay if you need
a new pair these are getting a little
para Laura photons I bought you yeah
four years ago oh my goodness
yeah I think it's time for an upgrade
you ready we are now going to go to
lunch my mom need her we have like a
month because Kane requested be Tubbs
and my mom has to get soft from there
anyways she is making wings tonight King
you got your list everything we need I
think we have everything we're going to
have to make you with a few little
things but I think it'll be fine so
we're going to go home and start making
cupcakes okay we just got home about ten
minutes but Brittany came they're here
now so we should hide somewhere I don't
know what hi
they're going to look right in here plus
I can't wait to show the whole world
what you did today yeah you know you
know it don't even suck up oh my god I
just jump in
no one oh you two almost ratted me out
what's up bud hey I need a big favor
because I already talked to flash and he
said no look what flash did today can I
get help cleaning it come on you hey
that is not good you are half the vlog
today I have just that like I was just
filming on the way home funny thing is
just makes no sense because by the time
this is edited they very senior quitter
so we found the camera check out what
your dog did today oh yeah oh and if
that's not work if that's not bad enough
he chewed the rubber grip off my remote
I think it was cooler oh they should
start making them like that's what
you're saying what are you wearing
Rockstar look like the lead singer
poison right now we got a crazy off
tonight we got the kids we got the
little girl team popcorn GI thinking
change
popcorn jet you look good you look good
what you guys doing up here
I am king Mario you definitely look like
King Mario I'll give you that was Noah
doing what is this and that's not oh
yeah oh we actually never showed them
this no you guys know when I got my 50
Cal Barrett we had to cut the foam out
of the case and this is what the foam
was foam guy looks like it's not like a
game gun how's that object
how you figure all that stuff out yes
ma'am almost like becoming this creamy
like and maybe it's not just because I
know nothing about it it looks like
you're like doing something here what
what is that
I can spawn any of these what we
probably do it on a road no what so like
Nitro Circus stuff man that is awesome
the kids gather around and Weber Noah at
would you hit the biggest ramjet Oh flip
flip flop pity stop you're gonna land
right on the road like is so realistic
oh my god get the motorcycle oh I scream
judge what the heck
casual day driving to work all right
guys we're trying to get Liza to sleep
so we're going to turn off the mic
settle down
try to trick your mate she's a baby so
you guys almost tricked her to go to
sleep
like that it's current day again and
reminded me last night and what it's
going to be like Kevin there's a warm-up
and the nice little one we have house
for well like five and I had to go lay
with her and get her back to sleep and
that's probably easy night yeah yeah for
sure
it's current day just I always stay
current David that's kind of irrelevant
if you've watched this vlog any day but
the day the video goes up it doesn't
make no sense if you watch it two days
from now just want to say thank you for
a couple things yesterday we hit three
billion total views on this channel
which is our nine yes my boy it just you
need Jesus
you getting vibe cheeks look at in vibe
cheap so thank you so much for that
insane amazing impossible I will see you
tomorrow we have to get today started we
always get backed up doing these current
days we didn't in it last night and
anything else
smiling me crazy Claus gonna be try
anything we have a lot going on and you
got to see all that I mean tomorrow
not just to let you guys know not murder
how I got half our we love you guys so
much thank you we are going to sign off
right here and start 12 log right here
it's gonna be weird
I got I'm on hi I'm uh everybody wants
know what to film or you guys keep
telling me yesterday almost all the
concerts just have no film or you did
really good proudly buddy you guys
posted really good love you guys you're
beautiful you're one of a kind Milo
you
