hey guys what week really everybody has
to do the welcome ready you enter the
vlog come on one shot you think it's so
easy yes you're doing it oh you just
drop roasting pan so what I pull up my
camera everybody kind of laughed at me
because sometimes I have to do my intro
many times because I messed up or like I
said or like it's like warming up a car
like I got to get warmed up funny thing
is there nobody else my family wants to
try themselves launching in the shot hey
guys welcome to the vlog hey guys
welcome to the blog that's pretty good
the little I was a little off I would
call the very first vlog ever on this
channel was enjoyed by you very first
vlog ever a longer versus long post vote
on this channel another one I like hey
guys I'm rolling outward what's up guys
that way that's it
I'm pretty sure that's the first thing
ever seen on this work channel was you
making follow me welcome to the vlog
guys hope you are feeling good hope
you're having a great day we're just
getting started
actually that's not entirely true we've
done several things already today we
went looked at a bunch of property you
guys know I've been looking for land
we're gonna look at a bunch of
properties up it's all in love with
anything but it's good to get out and
just see things and I don't know
look at it property's investment no
things to put money in and property
right now is kind of a shirt - it really
stinks in here it smells like that super
serious things in the works but I can't
get them started until we find property
so that's a big priority for me right
now
so Nate thinks about it it's so time
consuming like we're on computers
looking we have realtor looking and then
it takes time for us to actually go look
and I don't blog it for one it's boring
- it's kind of private right now so
that's where we're at was that hey buddy
how are ya how's my man huh lookin as
gray as me dude work we're grind
together and I guess think I'm joking
around a lot and I'm just goofing off a
lot but this part of work is very very
serious nose in trouble okay
Kim I need your help buddy nose in
serious trouble there's a little
leprechaun they got into our house it's
got obtained I need you come
okay get him in the leg lock choke him
out choke him out what got you little
leprechaun oh oh stop kissing me River
where they taking you
where's he taking you come on Jane
no you're welcome oh we're going to get
a weapon oh he's crazy
gosh oh my god yeah Hugh and be safe
yeah we did it came good job buddy with
that night Rick I'll be honest it's one
thing being a dad but to wear capes
just put seeing a whole nother a whole
nother realm you know we're just goofing
off today guys we are waiting for my
brother to get home we're going to go to
his house tonight and dude I'm just so
glad you're safe I never want to be
anything like that happen again
not in this house wait what not a
unicorn
I actually been in this blog that I was
joking about being serious in the vlogs
and now we're actually out of serious
part in the vlog I was just playing with
the kids we went from there to being in
the hospital and that's where we're at
right now we've been there and
Brittany's grandpa not doing well like
not doing well at all kind of a part of
the vlog that even a few days ago I said
that we don't put everything in our vlog
so I didn't film in the hospital I just
feel like it's not something that I
really want to put on camera it's really
not my place to do that I don't know if
I want to remember details for later or
like yeah it's rough and it's it's like
man it's really hard for me to even talk
about like how we have to use our time
so wisely I mean today was a real
eye-opener they may not translate on
camera because I didn't show you
everything but I went from running
around the house with my kids goofing
off shooting nerf guns
tackling each other - the phone call of
like we got to go to the hospital like
that everything can change like that so
if you're if you're watching this vlog
and your eyes are open your heart is
beating be very thankful and smile and
well know it's a lot
I storm line see just like that it's
fine I have a new goal in life like a
serious goal for real what we were up
there and Brittany's grandpa was laying
in the bed and her grandma is him
feeding him chocolate cake it's the only
thing he wanted was generating anything
all day
he can't really eat does anything he's
not really eating so he had this
appetite and they literally ran and got
him a chocolate cake and they were hand
feeding him she was hand feeding him
this chocolate cake and it was like one
of the greatest things I've ever seen in
my life and my new goal one day like
want to treat you so well that if I'm
lucky enough to live to that age when
I'm laying in a bed that you can feed me
chocolate cake no you need a hand feed
me chocolate cake I'm the older you know
that okay I guess just forgive us if the
Energy's a little low in this vlog it's
a lot to take in and it's just such a
part of life that my dad says it there's
no good time to come in the world and
there's no good time to leave it's just
hard so it's it's reality right now so
um this is this is the best week out
right now but thanks for being here
thanks for understand that we don't film
everything and it's just not our place
sometimes but here we are in our car
going on this year children yes
well look who's greet enough who is that
oh man let's go here get my head hey why
did anything bear go give your mother a
hug
look at that he just gave you a hug when
I come home when I come home and you run
up to me like that it's the greatest
mother in the whole world
let me grab this is the greatest feeling
of home I'll run to you mama
how's that she said I can't run but I
was doing oh you're back and in real I
love you oh yeah I'm back what you
playing now I am after near wood this
looks awesome Wow
what happened you happen you meet I
didn't do that
you open that super sperm I did
do that and it was just like poor TOFA
make you eat it
oh it's not bad it's good are you that
no it's a little scramble it obviously
didn't in the vlog last night in fact we
didn't film anything else last night
came home hung out with the kids
wrestled with the kids upstairs on the
bed and we just we just hung out kind of
off camera here we are
good morning it's current day right now
and uh hey hey your breakfast is over
here are you writing bad oh your bag
that what that would be the appropriate
word for you here your bud like to use
basically video games all that I don't
raise on the deal still you probably
will look at this dog oh man
they'll get the stick we can't go to
that I forgot yeah
no I'm kidding why are you wasting I'm
joking
I don't joke no they're they're healthy
they're fine so you guys want to get on
for that today I mean I'm okay with that
II would say probably not well yesterday
we have some difficulties
I look so good
it's like oh really the best stuff on
fun this is like easily 10 carats for
apples and are two handfuls of spinach
and it is like amazing super standing
that's why I like it alright guys I said
better in this vlog to start today's
what I see you guys actually have said
many times you like the current day
endings but it actually backs me up into
the next day because I got to edit this
compressor I did edit last nights
already this lazy today they'll see this
today's current day yep so yeah guys um
thanks for hanging out with us today I
know this is a short vlog thank you for
being a huge part of our family and
being here not only with us but for us
and we got to get today started so
hopefully we get a little bit back on
track hopefully we get some positive
news about Britney's grandpa today and
other than that we absolutely love you
guys thank you for everything you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind mom
you
