welcome to of the vlog guys welcome we
are on we're up here at Mad River
Mountain which we have not been all
season we have all our gear Bret you
ready good news good news there's no
snow at all mud River Mountain so if you
guys been watching the vlogs you know we
got our own gear we finally got our own
skis or own snowboard we've always
rented every year we've never had our
own stuff so we've been so excited to
get up here and now it is fully raining
there is zero snow it is all rain and
mud now I can't see the place from here
but pulling in was all the slopes starts
gnawing on the only worry is it's gonna
be like slush and ice on top of that
snow so it's probably a bad day to start
snowboarding ok so this is what today's
really really going to be bustling
comical for you guys because it's it's
it's raining we're trying to Brittany's
never skied your ski bladed I'm a skier
not a snowboarder just give me a lot of
Falls we have Brian here who's never
snowboarded amber has never been on skis
there's just a lot that can go wrong in
the conditions aren't really this is a
beginner way like today's not the day to
learn right but you learn the hard way
but if you can learn in this you can
learn anywhere and it looks like it's
about the storm either way I'm excited
to just get on the board and try this
and you know I have been on a snowboard
before so it's not my very first time
but I'm not good at it I'm good on skis
I love skis
I was literally trying to get ready in
the car I was like you could fly to the
moon easier than this like the amount of
gear it's crazy these funky boots y'all
ready for this you ready snowboarders
well I am an actual snowboarder this is
a real deal oh okay it's the real deal
well just so you know I was able to get
the majority of all the galleries except
for my house yeah look at that oh my
gosh yeah dude I told you not to get it
out don't take a beep know you just
hopped right out of the tree stand
straight to snowboard slope completely
camouflaged out ready to go look there's
snow that's real
snow got the music really on the surface
ready I can see myself vlogging and your
face hey I'll help you I'll help you
one-handed in vlogging no I can't even
more strange I have to try to vlog and
learn how to snowboard at the same time
this would be one hand out vlogging oh
it is I see holy smokes
yeah Brian you got this buddy
first-timer here Brian and I are
learning together I feel like it's gonna
get really weird looking at me with
these on I'm gonna probably take these
off soon we need to be at the top of the
list for when Brian gets off the lift
the first time it's every first first
time or off lift I feel like you should
capture Brian and I coming off the list
guys gonna ride on the same day who will
wreck first alright here we go
Wow I don't know about the worst huh
feel like most people would go to the
bunny hill but we're just going straight
up so no you got this this one we go
ready go
okay we did fall dude snowboarders is
going to take me down I lost my board
back there yeah okay the benefit are
coming here during bad weather nobody
nobody is here it is almost like we have
it to ourselves hey that's more my style
right there you see them tracks
those are snowmobile tracks I wonder if
we're gonna get hit by this weird storm
are you ready come on it's a little hill
here we go here we go we on the move
that's it
careful Julian okay we're gonna try to
stop I'll try to go to a switch switch
foot okay first time down baby good job
did awesome you got this the weather I
know the windscreens everything make it
sound a little like calmer but it is
crazy it's windy ski lift stuff Gabby
Brian I just saw snow I'm actually
catching on fast with the snowboard I
fell many times many times that I got it
like I feel it like I'm able to turn
back and forth now five times down and
I'm gonna be I'm gonna be blaze in this
place and eating a lot eating a lot of
snow okay we're getting it we're getting
it people we're getting it I'm figuring
out its the vlogging I can't blog I
can't vlog and do both it's it's too
complicated there we go there we go
there you go Brian come on Zack
staging up right here snack buddy Zack
is here and he can actually do some
jumping I've not tried that yet but he's
gonna he said he's gonna do it on this
lip so I'm just sitting here waiting for
him oh here comes let's see his AK let's
see it with the Red Bull in his hand
this kid's gonna send it he's gonna
nevermind this kids flying this kids
flying
Arzak part 2 Zack in the house okay okay
how you doing out there huh they don't
feel good I think I'll get better as I
get better at snowboarding but right now
I'm like soon as I put my camera out at
fall so overall I don't know if you ski
or snowboard or if you've ever done it
which one do you like the most I've
always skied forever but I'm having an
absolute blast on a snowboard like I
really love it I wish I would have
started snowboarding a long time ago so
it's fun like I'm so focused on staying
up and just like staying on my board
that I'm not worried about cameras so
it's really difficult like I want to
like obviously capture our day and stuff
but it's so like weird I don't know I
haven't been in that situation for
awhile where it's like how do I catch
maybe you know let's go and just watch
some like trick shots or a trick shot no
no
Julian's trying to follow me with the
GoPro to hopefully have some footage and
I know chase has been trying to grab
some stuff it's just it is what it is
we're having a great time though hope
you guys have an awesome day got my girl
by my side right in the lift down I
couldn't make it
I want to do that
I was right there I was like I'm killing
it
okay
no that was the best wipeout of the
night yeah I think I think I was
recording all right you know feels so
good to take that helmet and I look
ridiculous had it awesome
you always so our boards first-time non
winters fear loved it how great time
having our own stuff and had boots that
didn't give me blisters like that so
I've done it for years and I always
leave with blisters so it feels so good
to not have that and I'm just gonna say
if you've never tried this like do it
like go out as a family go out with your
friends it's really fun it's kind of you
kind of its kind of it reminds me of
scuba diving a little bit because you
kind of disappear for a moment it's like
you're not really you're not on your
cell phone one down the hill right it's
like I mean I guess you could be but it
is kind of like that that feeling of
like just kind of getting a little alone
time cruising what music and it's it's
nice I liked a lot what a nice shot of
our city right there
Columbus looking good in that rain okay
I like how soon as we get back to
Colonus it's raining stop how about guys
we're warping a straight home we whores
asleep which stinks is I really friggin
missed her today you've been driving
home late both like I miss her so much
that I'd be willing to do that okay the
next day the next day I am Kings
over here playing video games were just
settling into the house and I have to do
28 push-ups right now which sounds
terrible it does not even sound remotely
fun flush not at all you think I can
make it today I have to always been
through today you think I can do it I
know you can
even me I don't know if last will make
it difficult oh yeah baby
come here flashing guys gonna do it with
me yeah you might have to pause you got
a cap I'm not positive I'm gonna do this
straight okay hopefully I'm tie on
suicide okay ready you guys doing with
me here we go Eddie yep 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22
23 24 25 26 27 28 dude you got that so
like that looks so easy oh it was so
easy it was so easy dude I got to be
honest I don't know how much longer we
could we just keep that number going it
not only is it taking up a lot of time
in the vlogs but maybe I start time
lapsing them so they're faster I don't I
don't either way I don't know how much
further I go it's fun trying like I want
to at least go to the number where I
can't go right like in a row I don't
know I hope it motivates you guys a
little bit to to get your blood flowing
do something like it could be jumping
jacks sit ups always say it just add one
a day and see how far we make it okay we
got to go for today thank you guys so
much for being a part of our day I did a
very lousy job covering today I
apologize for that but I I did the best
I could I didn't want to fall we love
you you're beautiful give one of a kind
smile
