my best buddy okay you know that yeah
love you more than anything in this
whole world okay you need anything my
mommy call me okay
daddy will make it happen no matter
where I'm at the whole world okay bozos
my baby I love you you give me five boy
that's my man I see but I'll be back my
flesh my brush welcome to the vlog
welcome back I know our leave couldn't
have come at a worse time I took two
days off for Thanksgiving and then my
whole family got sick how are you
feeling we're batterton to my hair my
makeup today so get it together well
your energy levels up I can tell your
energy levels up we are not back to 100%
but we are back to the vlogs guys thank
you for everything I'm not even gonna
get into it make excuses uh let's just
continue welcome let's go get you some
deodorant boy I've no deodorant it's
that's our whole day it's just
Romina Brittany get the odorant that's
our title that's all right there is so
much going on behind the scenes right
now that I am dying and actually scared
to share with you guys I'm tonight I
will know if I'm even allowed to share
with you guys it is very very personal
it's very very scary it has nothing to
with the baby
Bebe's great so far everything's good on
that has nothing to do with that it's
something else that's been going on for
months months months probably almost a
year now behind the scenes things that
have been going on with us and ah it
completely sucks and I'm excited to
share with you guys just to like let it
out but I'm nervous to share it with you
guys because it's scary stuff and uh to
be honest I'm nervous just to tell you
so anyways that all being said I have to
take a really sucky trip right now to
the airport to fly to Florida to do a
bunch of BS BS stands for Brittany said
you're going to learn it into me I'm
going to Florida to do BS but you won't
be there so that's awkward okay so the
deodorant thing was completely real I
have no deodorant
I'm not even on deodorant right now and
I have had time to get a haircut so I
tried to trim up this is this is so bad
all the horn I still got my sideburns I
tried to I didn't notice but what I
stole out like as I told you though I
tried to trim up my sideburns by myself
today and I I did good on this side
like alright it's still bad but this
side you want to show him look at this
it's like squared off and down you see
it yeah and there's so many gray hairs
like - sideburns are bad okay did you
bring your toothbrush no I don't brush
my teeth ah dude this trip has really
really got me on my edge my seat you
know what kind of toothbrush I want I
want to kids want to remind me of my
kids like one of these I want to brush
my teeth with one of these yes what do I
need a flamethrower no like if I pick up
this I'm gonna think a quinoa you know I
mean
an adult toothbrush it's so nice that I
finally hit the age where I could leave
the house and not have a mom tell me
what to do only to fall right back into
that same pattern soft gentle just like
you just like you wait toothpaste I have
brushed my teeth with a wash rag in the
blogs before remember on tour or
somewhere yeah
oh you have to get me kids two three so
I think of the kids well okay go ahead
oh the others right here
perfect hurry you're me late I'm always
late late to the gate is it just me or
deodorant
turning into like the next candy bar how
are you supposed to pick a deodorant
like do we need this many what's the
difference between antis antiperspirant
sweat I think I don't know doctor I
think antiperspirant it's supposed to
help you not sweat sweat deodorants with
hope you're not steak right so any both
there's nothing worse than stinkin I
hate stinking dude I'm guilty I like
some days I'm like oh I forgot Yoda I
love how you've been out of deodorant
for a while now I knew just the never
been out for warming up last night I'm a
lot of stink around you that's what I'm
saying with any other eight years after
three I can stink hope you guys are
having a wonderful day man hope you're
feeling good I Satan every blog but I
truly hope you're feeling good man I'm
so glad we missed you we really do I
kick myself I don't even sleep good at
night when I don't have a vlog to upload
I mean I can't make that out how stress
out Iman it's bad and it's it's
upsetting to me how upset I get when I
didn't vlog a day but there's some times
where you guys know it's got to man I
got family got kids I got
responsibilities got business I got
things you know what else I have excuses
that's what it sounds like I'm doing
right now but and we're off to the
airport we're off um thanks for taking
me
I usually make you drive yourself Oh
keep going I'll just record you are
making these killer jokes come on you're
on fire it's local ladies night stand up
we have arrived then I'm gonna miss you
like crazy we've been together so much
lately we haven't been apart I know last
night I'm just like Oh crying did you
cry I didn't know you didn't I looked at
you my eyes were full of tears and I
said I don't want you to leave tomorrow
although that's cuz you poked your eye I
love you you take care of the kids and
our baby
gang I want to feel that baby kick in we
go in in a couple weeks I'm here the
heartbeat who you're the best
I love you thank you up I'm gonna get
this done oh my gosh I get everything in
one backpack no suitcase I will see you
very soon I love you I'll call you like
a thousand times like a stalker
boyfriend see ya
I haven't traveled for a while without
my family it feels kind of weird
actually traveling by myself I do have
somebody coming with me though who's
turned out to be such a close friend of
mine which is crazy because he started
out doing security for me on tour he was
actually one of my security guards his
family in Florida so we're gonna jump on
a plane together and head down and yeah
that's where we're at right now man give
me all your money
what of it all right I get down to
Florida already make this happen I gotta
ask you a serious question man because
this is your neck of the woods so do you
know any good barbers in Orlando
look at my sideline look you see that
Brittany today
Brittany discharged hurry up that is
really bad I mess it up guys you know
when you're like sitting in the mirror
you start fighting your stuff I start
popping light and you start picking
stuff I'm like oh god look at that
supper I'm just gonna trim it okay guys
this next scene may be a little cheesy
hopefully it will inspire you a little
bit your opening here meow I am sure
right now in your life you are dealing
with some sort of problem that you
probably don't want to face just as I am
right now we must face our problems guys
these prod
are not as bad as you think without
problems we remain the same problems t
just they create a better version of us
they create a stronger version of us I
personally try to create positivity out
of my problems and work on trying to
figure out a way to make my problems
make me better and get in to teach
myself lessons and none of us are
perfect we all struggle every day but I
promise you just like this cheesy stormy
cloudy weather shot you're watching
right now if you keep pushing forward
and you keep going up and never look
back above that rain cloud is that
beautiful sunshine guys look at that
look at that all I'm saying is we all
got problems and I want to work on them
together all of us we should all be
working to become better people all
right that's the end of my cheesy talk I
love you guys oh there's that Orlando
heat Florida you're always so nice
where's this be stood right there what
this is it
holy smokes thanks for the car bro yeah
man
see you yeah see ya no I don't want to
drive anymore
I don't want it my hands boom in the
Jaguar this is what you been up to I
just slice right down in this thing what
is this a Jaguar but still when xjo 5.0
xjl so let's go drifting let's do it he
wasn't playing around like he's
literally taking me a barbershop it's
almost it's 8 p.m. well you know barbers
are open 8:00 p.m. well you can't even
come in late listen you told me to get
it done I'm good you said you'd get it
done I even tell you to get it on living
in the jaw what's this button this is a
Jacke body hook like James Bond did we
are here guys today is a more of a
travel day and tomorrow's the actual
reason I came to Florida tonight's just
getting prepared for tomorrow and
actually think I've found a fun way to
make this trip fun and not so much the
other way it's got to be the place right
barbershop isn't the place but they
fixed cyber they specialize in and then
and jacked up sideburns and specialize
in check
I'm asking serious questions like this
is dead serious I like country try to
fix my sideburns today you see that yeah
he promised me that he could fix them
not actually uh actually did this one
myself huh I actually did this myself
no no no just this just this solvers
right just a little just look let me see
that shot that's very show yes actually
I'm working on I'm working on it real
short one day you ready so just want to
kind of tell you guys what's going on I
stopped and got stuff to make these
cookies cane really wanted to make them
so I stopped and got everything on my
way home I got him and I got back and
cane I don't know what it is but I feel
so bad for him he's like fine one minute
and then the next minute he's just like
I miss my dad and just starts crying I'm
going to try it and find a little tripod
and set it up you might yeah there's one
that says one cup on it right yeah we're
making the cookies and I didn't have the
butter room temperature it is not
stirring very well feels like play-doh
yeah can you get it grab that like a
ball there you go a flower in my hair
guys this was my biggest fail I think
I've ever done with cooking they're not
quite what we thought they would be huh
I thought they'd be a little more
3-dimensional color that's what we get
we're gonna bake them see how they turn
out I'm going to send this footage over
to Roman right now because it is nine
o'clock and it takes a few hours I know
he's gonna want to edit soon so from
Ohio he love you guys see by Kane
hi we love you we'll see you I think it
may blog tomorrow or the next day so
we'll see you soon bye
that's not even me dude what'd you do
with the world if you do what I look
like a different human I really do since
I walked in here what'd you guys think
your magician man we're new magic I mean
you know what I hid all day with my hat
those is this I got I got the sideburns
you know you got the side claw I got you
know you just saved me save me epic
style barber shop where we at right now
I'm trying to give a shout out in
Atlanta Orlando Florida a little I never
in Al and I thought maybe we're like a
small town it's late I guess
yes all right guys so this is gonna be
my home for the next couple days here in
Florida and you know I thought I would
find out today more info on if I could
talk to you guys yet about this I know I
can but I'm this definitely has to be
worded right and correctly and I'm
probably just confusing you and I
probably shouldn't even have brought
this up until I was ready to discuss
with you guys um don't worry about
anything everything is great it's just
some things that I got to handle
business-wise and things that have kind
of just uh you know just been really a
headache for a little while
so I will get it done tomorrow I should
be able to actually just go into full
detail with you guys let you in on all
of it get it off my chest and uh
everything around us is fueling the
negativity in our lives and I don't want
to be that person I always want to be
the person that brings a little bit of
positivity into your life so uh but
everything's gonna be okay no matter
what man worrying never changes the
outcome I love you guys thanks for being
here thanks for helping me get back on
track just thanks for everything like
literally everything you're amazing
you're beautiful I will also tomorrow's
actually okay tomorrow should actually
be a lot of fun because I figured out
when I'm done with what I have to do I
found a couple friends of mine also
youtubers that's gonna come hang out
we're gonna goof off do some craziness
last time I was with these people
that's all I'm gonna say I love you guys
you are beautiful you are one-of-a-kind
keep a smile on your face baby you're
beautiful smile more
you
