welcome to the vlog guys hope you're
having an awesome day man if things
aren't going perfect let's set our
problems aside for the next 10 20
minutes sit back relax enjoy a little
vlog and let's have some fun today is
designed specifically for you I made a
promise with you guys actually a deal a
bet last week they'll prank jam the old
dusty Frank channeling at 10 million
that I would go out and I would create a
new video for you guys so that is
exactly what I'm doing today hope you're
excited I'm very excited
I haven't made any pranks for like 8
months over eight months the gym I've
been really forgotten about and you know
I just want to thank you guys for
throwing some motivation at me get up go
have some fun and that's exactly what
we're gonna do today so I hope you're
having a great day hope you're feeling
good I hope you know how good you have
it headed to Cincinnati Ohio to meet up
with the only person that I thought
would be just perfect for today subdued
hey what's up brother
so Dennis can't make it Dennis can't
make I missed wind a dope David yeah I
don't know you guys were cheering it
down
that's why I was like both of everyone
know that Dennis actually has a twin way
right now he's gonna break it up he left
us with all these kind of toys and stuff
what's up man what we wanted to do today
is really take it old-school classic
like man on the street like where we
started
simple years ago years ago we put so
much time into this stuff Dennis has
become now like the king of like these
classic pranks like are truly the king
of it I've never seen so many gadgets he
send me pictures and videos I'm like
let's do this you guys remember this one
right this we get this one god it's so
scary every time I hate these things
yeah dude this one's legit dudes a
little chip low so here's the idea we
actually brought some of our classic
prank
everything from the squirrel
to the snakes ah to the cooler to the
bit we even have the purse we could do I
know that one's so tedious guys like
that takes so much out of my storage in
and get the fireman outfits oh my gosh
the fire sir fine it's okay come on put
this on your hands down stay put okay
stay put take all the hair okay right
there we can get all beehive bro go to
my storage I got to behind the beehive
was fun I love the Beehive
so we got a whole bunch of toys we have
a beautiful sunny day probably the
greatest day we could have in November
is it still
what's date to November thanks kidding
bro six out of it the classic snake
prank I don't know you have so many
things to cigarette loads I remember
these deep line you got the shoe poo
remember that prank you stick it on your
shoe and you chase people
Oh nasty is that real get it get it
please get it off please please see
bitsy spider forgot about itsy bitsy
spider bro bringing back we're on memory
lane right now that bus stop right there
is where we did the cops
yes spray paint that was a good hard one
that is a hard one tops
it's all I can press there
and idea just let the city do it because
it looked like dang oh oh oh
seed robots out of spray-paint today is
really just taking it to the classics
man I hope you're not expecting some
epic in the hood gone wrong prank I mean
things can go wrong when you prank but
most of what we're doing today is just
silly fun man like this is where we
started we want it I think it's for us
this gross
we got the stuff rigged up the mics
ready we got shoe with to just start
like get warmed up we haven't done this
for a long time oh do you do get that
away from me stop it's been dealing I
get that off my shoe I love it Oh get
that off my shoe try to know try I'll
try ah
are you keep that freaking poop will you
get it please please go please please
Luis please Luis help me hey Kevin a
little bit of luck a little bit of fails
the turd fell off the chute
hi how are you need some double-sided
stick tape to stick to our dog poop your
shoes right like double sided stick tape
almost like that right there
hey should we have a heavy-duty stuff
right there yeah something a little
lighter we have this is a heavy duty I'm
telling heavy dude haha
damn yeah does that look goofy dude dude
your jeans are tighter than my a man
it's just cuz the shoes lady you didn't
notice you didn't notice doc put these
shoes on why don't I stick that to my
shoe oh yeah
see that all right I feel like this can
be really weird vlog because I obviously
aren't vlogging while we film and I
can't use the film clips for the vlog so
we're gonna be jumping around a lot
today we just finished up we got maybe
five decent reactions with the poo shoe
hey Frank library wise I'd be good for
paper
let's do P prime P pranks fun we talk
about plastics you guys always request P
prank it's like it's just such a winner
because you get reactions immediately
this is fun so far last time we pranked
was uh the scout prank down in Miami
everybody just spraying people with the
skunk that was so much fun hey you guys
want a picture with this couch okay he's
really nice did it squirt this what do
we do for Batali's the uh tickle oh yeah
tickle tickle spider Elmo good I got
something good that was a good one
people I've seen I feel like I could
leave to push you on I've seen human
beings look like they had no bones in
their body and I so scared they wiggle
out downtown Cincinnati filming pranks
been a while man it feels good right
this feels right so man what's what's up
you gotta go you gotta like that one I
like that one and pulling P Franks I
just did probably five or six of them I
take three are really good we're gonna
switch out then it's gonna get some we
did was the last prank we didn't since
the night might have been the Pooh where
we shot the big big fart play out
remember it splatters on the wall like
this are you come a long way and y'all
know we're bathroom is they don't let me
they kicking me out
that lasted about what 10 minutes 10 10
20 minutes for a uh I don't know it was
the parking officer is the actual cop I
don't have peace officer a peace officer
that's good you fast on your words today
I'm cold I'm gonna go yeah cuz he said
he's gonna call the police
yeah that's right oh you guys are
squirting water through a hole and
people are laughing but not me
you guys know how many times we've been
down this road man like it's the
probably the most innocent fun you can
have squirting a water bottle on a
sidewalk there's no harm and they're
never gonna hurt anybody we make sure
there's never kids around like it's
always clean it's always fun but he was
calling the people that we dealt with
last time district 1 yeah oh damn boys
that might have been our last Cincinnati
prank actually last time we filmed a pee
prank in Cincinnati
Dennis was hauled in dressed like a girl
peeing on the street
come on hey baby I like the hairiest
face girl ever wanna turn around to the
big duck turn around and show me what
you're doing
you're an idiot we did the whole spiel
we had to go to court court rolled it
out we're fine Jill wearing drag he had
to go to jail we're in drag good thing
the other officer was cool and let me
change across and this is why guys uh
you know as we age a little bit we have
children and we have families we've
taken different directions in our career
it's so fun but it's just we forced out
of it that's what the Doosan standing in
a horse and carriage horse and carriage
maybe it was almost Christmastime we are
also did little buzz on cops giving cops
a little buzz
here in Cincinnati you guys one little
buzz like a little buzz the buzz make
the job easier no a little buzz Oh
April Fool's yeah you guys be safe okay
behind this little glass uh area is
exactly where Dennis's rested doing the
P prank dude right there
you're like uh this is gonna be good for
you dude
there it is oh it is man
so we had this to take and the Pringles
can we forgot it all right we'll save it
we'll save it imagine that your mom's
grandma's like ooh did my hip mama with
that NBA game over MoMA this brick is
foam it's just foam that is so cool it
looks completely real so we're back at
Dennis's like I said I can't show you
everything we've filmed today so the
vlogs a little funky ah looks like we're
taking it to Columbus in a couple days
we did not finish what we wanted to get
finished but it's great it's off to a
great start go back to the roots we got
a dude in Columbus dude that's right and
we're just not happy uploading just
anything so we want to make sure it's
extra special really fun for you guys
and uh you know just uh just a great up
love that's what we're going for
I will see you in Columbus had a blast
we didn't go to jail yeah headed back
home guys uh such a good day and I
really can't thank you guys enough for
being here and sticking around when I
missed days and always being so
supportive you know I took two days off
this week and you guys you just blew my
mind on social medias with you know take
as many days off as you want take a week
off take a month off I'm not gonna take
that much off but when I do I I not just
me but my family and I we need it so
thank you for always understanding we
didn't get the Frank done we probably
could've what
we have but I'd rather finish it in two
days on Tuesday we're gonna finish it
and then I'll upload it as soon as I get
edited it's just gonna be a fun video
for you guys and uh it has so much in it
already so many different styles of
pranks and uh it's almost like all our
great spouts into one and I think that's
gonna be really fun so thanks for
watching either way guys I'm going home
gonna see Britt and keen Britt has been
texting me that she doesn't feel good
today which really sucks and I'm just
gonna see how they're doing so love you
guys let's get home and it only takes
like one second to go like this shoe
when we're home I got Britt meetups to
go I'm the best boyfriend the world just
say it on camera just make them think
make them think that I'm the best
boyfriend ever
already tweeted out earlier saying were
the best you did not good what I checked
Twitter all the time I did not see that
that goes to show you how hard it is to
see a tweet I did not see your tweet and
I was on Twitter quite a few times I
made multiple posts did you see them
yeah Oh anyways we're just getting home
gonna probably play some games became
before I edit this vlog so you see mess
back up boy you ain't begging are you
been a bad boy today no this a bad boy
come on look he has no interest in me we
have food
sous-sous did you miss me
look at that soos here you want this
there's nothing there start rolling on
the couch
it's like eating fish underwater with a
school sharks it's not that easy
get some relaxed time in how you feeling
you said you weren't feeling any more
okay ready go
my throat is just now starting to feel
better I could even swallow when I will
go this way my throat's been a little
off too ah I've been you know from
camping last night speaking of pee
pranks look at this water bottle dude
cool guys that is gonna do it for the
vlog thank you so much this was a weird
different vlog I had a lot about just
memories thrown into it and uh and I'm
not feeling that good guys I am sniffily
I'm stuffed up my throat hurts that it
is actually current-day I didn't in the
vlog last night played games of Cain and
then we passed out everybody asking me
Roman is this gonna be your last prank
on the main channel I don't know why
people are asking that my last prank I
can't say no I can't say it'll be the
last prank that we upload there's just
no way I will say the type of pranks
will be changed I mean these is gonna be
more classic more laid-back maybe maybe
bring maybe bring back franking just
just real fun Street pranks you know
that could be you know maybe the prank
world could take a turn for the better
for now though I promise you to get this
one uploaded as soon as possible thank
you guys don't forget today all day if
you're watching this today uploaded 20%
off your entire order on the smile Moore
store just use the code when you check
out smile more Monday if you want to
grab some smile more stuff today today
only it's 20% off everything so I'll
check it out I love you guys we will see
you tomorrow tell me be honest tell me
in the comments you guys want to see
classic pranks brought back like I think
I think in this time of day we need
classic street pranks nothing crazy
nothing insane just fun feel-good price
it's all I got for you today guys we'll
see you tomorrow I love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
