hey guys welcome to the vlog welcome
back to the vlog if you watch normally
we are up to date let me show you what
we're doing today Tay
we put you on this tripod rock lay dead
and instead oh geez
today is a cooking episode that's right
cooking only how did I forget about this
no sudeerneer Burnet I wasn't paying
attention I was getting my camera
rolling on like a house on fire whoa
I don't know I don't know dude this
stuff's a little rough be cooking that
bacon getting it all sizzling what yeah
yes sausage look at that little oh jeez
oh oh I cut it oh jeez
nailed it hope you're having an awesome
day guys no I'm not doing a cooking
episode I wouldn't even know how to do a
cooking episode anyways I'm actually
just cooking breakfast for the family
hope you guys are having a great day
let's get this blog started hey hey no
I'm not burn stuff I burst something
don't touch it that's already whoa
double double hand in it this is a very
rare case oh this is uh pretty much cane
all morning
hey dude cane cane planet Earth is
calling Earth decane are you working
good talk buddy it's always good talking
to you
breakfast is ready oh you got to come
down and see this daddy's specialty all
right it's a little bit of buffet style
eggs bacon toast sausage that for your
Kane I can never tell I'm always
confused
I usually don't need a sausage mm-hmm
boy huh good sleep good yeah yeah take
it out don't you smile more breakfast
Cheers
is it good sausage and syrup it's almost
swimming in it but yeah oh you can't get
your bottle open little boy need help
get your bottle I make a delicious
breakfast and you eat dog poop
those are perón's and why are you
eating prunes is really healthy for you
is it though prior pregnancy it's like
number like 2 or 3 best things you can
eat while buying it thank you guys for
hanging out with us we took two days off
both for just family the first day was
just Thanksgiving and we literally did
not pull out the camera even once we
just we disappeared in the family life
and I kind of felt bad for two reasons
one you guys didn't get a vlog with to
kind of the important memories kind of
the things that I want to capture and I
just did it and I just couldn't I
couldn't I couldn't get Chris you know
thankful no more Thanksgivings over
nothing for no more I know you got
Halloween pumpkins Thanksgiving pillows
do you want to do me oh you want to go
get me the bubble wrap we're gonna have
some fun today we are back I am I'm
always family first of some days guys we
truly we just need it and there's
nothing else I can escape
I can't make any excuses we just need it
sometimes so thanks for sticking around
you I think you missed it but we
actually sat here like this I wish
the flasher Otzi were you doing out
there boy
flash bubble wrap bubble wrap give me
that bubble wrap
Britney thought it'd be a good idea to
buy all this junk I'm bringing it back
out to the store it does not belong in
the house it's a bad influence
I don't want it it now belongs to the
small more employees okayso today what's
today Saturday Cyber Monday
Cyber Monday is coming up by actually by
the time you're watching this it's
probably Sunday which means tomorrow
several money what's the deal Cyber
Monday what's the deal what's the sale
what's the that's 5% oh oh
6 6 % o 7 8 give me 9 can I get a 10 20
20 % of everything hire horde or 20% off
cyber monday listen to me
you better put that code in or you're
not gonna get it the reason she's saying
it like that is because when we do give
you guys discount codes you cannot
believe how many people place their
orders and don't even use the code I
don't know if you're not using the code
because you just don't want to use the
code or you just forgot I don't know why
please use the code it is right here
somewhere around here and that is gonna
go 24 hours all of Monday so all of
Monday 20% off your entire small more
purchase our letters need clean maybe
I'd be a good job for now you can clean
the letters did to clean my letters Noah
I can't see my letters man Circle the
camera see the île you see the e Oh
give me five give me five old man will
be back yeah give me 500
it's getting heavy huh up let's do it
okay we'll be right back okay we're
gonna have some fun
no one are gonna go out and get some
things to do actually I didn't even come
up with this idea Brittany came up with
this idea to actually camp inside I
thought this would be something cool
that everybody can do as a family and
you know it does it doesn't take much
now we're probably gonna do more of an
extreme version of it but you could do
this uh with any like we can make a town
out of blankets dude technically we
could just like do it that way but you
guys know
we're probably going to do it the most
extreme version of it that we can today
Jupiter I'm sure a lot of you guys are
wondering and about to ask me Roman it's
the weekend you promised us I told you
guys that when the prank Channel the old
dusty old channel that I haven't touched
for eight months when it hit 10 million
I told you guys I would dust it off
actually you dusted it off I'm gonna
make a new video I had a few days to
think about it and I think I have come
up with the absolute greatest thing that
I can do for the time given I told you
guys that if it hit 10 million I would
pull a prank this weekend it is Saturday
tomorrow Sunday I am filming that prank
but it is very very classic it is back
to the roots it is a man on the street
it is just me a wireless mic a special
guest and that's it and we're gonna have
a lot of fun with it and I just can't
wait to just do it like I'm really
excited about it and that's happening
tomorrow so I will stick to my promise I
told you I would film a new prank this
weekend and I'm gonna make it on Sunday
tomorrow today if you're watching this
one I uploaded it and then I'll upload
the prank as soon as I added it which
will probably you know Tuesday Wednesday
maybe even Monday maybe I'll put it up
Monday you guys did your part it's time
for me to do mine and it was very
motivating so thank you guys for that
and it should be fun it's gonna be a lot
of fun we're headed in town me and Noah
and we're gonna get some things in da
continue this vlog
welcome welcome my friend they probably
need me here the music just sounds like
I'm crazy so this summer we did some
camping actually in our own backyard
tonight we're gonna do some camping it's
cold out but you could camp tonight you
could like we bond a lot you could do it
but tonight we're gonna do in the
comfort of our living room because
ketonet not gonna need that let's try to
keep Kane out
I love these bags with the old cheese so
if you're not a fan of Christmas music
or country music if you come here they
have both this is country turning to
Christmas music dude the best sleeping
bags AB gonna need flashlights and
batteries if we do no electric right no
lucky we really survive with no electric
no electrical for a minute did you guys
a mat no nothing that requires plugs
better get a lantern dude okay I think
we're good dude I mean we don't need
much like we're in our house right are
you comfortable we have everything we
need and put in more we have a light for
our tent that's a must you have to have
that yeah where'd to make it as dark as
we can in there no electric really I can
hit the breaker on the house we can go
no electric I just really electric and
we're gonna watch a movie
oh really really fun I'm excited I
really want a fake fire fake fire I know
we were talking about having a living
room fire like something that we could
but I want to actually have a cook on it
but you know if you if you like anything
as smoke alarms are gonna go right off
maybe no no check out on them little
burners who's ready to go camping who's
ready to go camping what's up dudes
I know flash you want to speak English
so bad what are you drawing
is that us who's that Kane is not
messing around do we had to get another
tent because the actual tent we bought
for the summer I don't think will fit in
our house so this is a little tent it's
a four person tent which is perfect I
don't think Britt's gonna be sleeping in
the tent are you know hey that you're
gonna help me boy huh
you guys know starting a fire indoors is
a lot different than outdoors because
you just push a button taking this glass
off it comes off get some propane
marshmallows in there don't think it's
gonna rain I'll use the rain and if it
does no I got Poncho's tersely
why did you buy a banjo like three bucks
or something
all right look okay this is a this is a
smallest tent we could find and it's way
too big for them are you sure this looks
way bigger all right let's pull it over
here
nor is this all started we were trying
to think of things that we could do in
the vlogs that inspire family activities
and Britney was like what if we camp
indoors and I instantly fell in love
with that idea so here we are camping
indoors
so I want to see your campsite I want to
see your indoor campsites it doesn't
have to be extreme this is literally
just a tent 65 bucks for this tent or
something like that and I think some of
the coolest campsites could be made out
of blankets sheets uh you don't even
need a tag I don't know let's just look
fun to me oh you got me
can you call Dale Talde from Iran bill
is 10 that's y'all middle King picked
that middle up hold them together
oh all right
that's pretty cool huh guys you fill it
with pillows and blankets oh we got the
goodie bag we got the goodie bag leave
this it's a little light bulb it haha
thank you I'm gonna open that up for me
yeah be it's an LP oh honey it we got a
lantern a lantern okay I got something
might interest you and every survivalist
needs it to half pound ricci cubs ah we
couldn't believe our eyes and I'm a dude
we got LED lighting in our house right
now
LEDs see you gotta came yellow help he's
got it it's me
count biggie is like picking up him bear
weight yo yo you know what I just get it
do away with our home electric and just
hanging a ton of them the whole ceiling
what you trying to burn touch it did you
make smoothies um Wow I started to I
shot now
oh that's Wow
that's awesome I love that I bet it's
really bright turn the lights off looks
like you have a fish tank in your tent
yeah you guys know in the past that
Brittany makes her own popsicles and
that is basically making raw smoothies
with fruits and vegetables and spinach
and then she freezes them into these
little popsicle trays they come in all
shapes and sizes but these ones are
pretty creative they're little light
sabers and they may actually blow
believe that they actually have I mean
it's not really gonna glow that dark
purple yeah but if you were doing like
frozen water with flavor flavor pops you
know
yeah but they would look what they would
glow more yeah y'all set every campsite
needs some camping chairs are you guys
excited it looks like a little jail do
you like that you just got out of jail I
don't know every time I look at his
pants it's like a little troublemaker oh
yeah how about we go all our pillows all
our blankets all our sleeping supplies
we should do our thumbnail for indoor
campout should be like all of our
campsite right for a thong that would be
good right I want to inspire families
all over the world to camp inside this
winter with their loved ones I know what
we need you know every campsite needs a
dirtbike uh I don't think spattering
their bike huh this takes six battery
yeah but just doublea's I put my coat on
just go straight to the door you won't
go out get your ball good boy my mom
what are you doing whoa honey no really
I got it wait wait wait
what I don't think the handlebars are in
fit I'm gonna dog poop so I just went
around the yard you know it does have
dog poop on it this is mud it's just
it's just don't you have a smaller one
yeah well this one was clean and helping
around the yard to warm it up cause it's
freezing so you thought you'd bring it
inside so it could get wormer I want to
do like a maybe like an Instagram
picture you know like like our indoor
campout this looks like something you'd
have it there baby's attack no from here
I like it yeah all right this is our
indoor campsite right here man and Caine
is just I never seen you get cozy so
fast you love it don't you
mommy's in there with you that just
sounds great
Kent now is ready for the rain I don't
start it in here
money don't start in here on here oh my
gosh living with an animal Amy
be careful oh we need lots of pillows
and blankets dude this is called for
comfort we go guys
jackpot this one yours alright you go
Mars Casey Sun when he hit 1 million
bombs away
alright don't suppose Mike it's worse
cane you know our cane is Zeus where's
Kane where's Kay go get Kane where is he
good boy hahaha
lastly I'll find him now eat him and
I'll huff and puff and blow his house
down I think for the flow of things the
time it actually go more comfortable
back in this little dark hole yeah let's
try to see if it'll fit
good job Cain good job you're moving the
whole tent I mean it's huge but it's
perfect well you know it's our exact
like dimensions of the house I mean if
the couch wasn't there you'd have more
space but you just get rid of coughs the
outside hmm
oh man you look so comfy we're getting
all set up pillows blankets sleeping
bags flash he's good huh two green one
yes whoa Keane's looking really good
right now
to purple or no uh-huh
that's it victory is yours oh yeah sure
you are you boy are you doing really we
have played a bunch of games and we're
gonna put I know we said that we were
gonna try to go without electronics but
we're gonna watch The Grinch
a Christmas movie which I have still
today never seen I have never seen it
you think you have there's probably a
chance that I have seen it too I just
don't remember have you seen the Grinch
he's scared of it well it's not scary
heavy are you sure this is where we're
gonna end our vlog we're gonna lay back
watch your movie hang out do these dogs
coming in to take our for thank you for
hanging out with us today we are back to
the vlogs these dogs are going crazy in
our tent oh yeah face dude we will see
you guys tomorrow
thanks for all to support the love for
sticking around while we take a couple
days off and thank you oh you're done
now he he's onto your game is I want to
see your guys's indoor campout pictures
send them to me I love you your
beautiful smile more Oh
TKO knockout tenten tenten our tale
what's in our here is that Marky
