whoa
welcome to the vlog guys we have no
outlet anywhere over here so when I work
I have to I usually put this there put
this there and then boom then I have a
little bridge is an accident waiting to
happen for sure how are you hope you're
having a great day we're just getting
started it's good day it's beautiful
it's sunny the dogs are crazy what are
you guys doing what do you plan playing
mom Oh home life hey but you do your
thing check this out look what I got
I've been waiting months for this
another thing that I open and put it
back yeah yeah okay months I would have
this months ago it's just now here ah
peanuts at the store oh you guys have
imagined it oh you have a job so you
just over here stashing peanuts can I
have a second yeah nanana nanan focus
this is the sword all the food so how do
you pay for it or you rob in the store
huh
good job is racing
he gets $50 every time you races oh so
when you do the circles you win the race
man you guys got a whole system going on
my job is to test video games over there
so you play a game you make money
Christmas tree I get $50 a day - oh my
gosh these kids are living in you're
living a dream dude these are cars got
it I get that actually at the park home
to go into her house besides all that
I'm trying to get this box open over
here hey baby I know it's a distraction
obstacle course
this is really
flash you're gonna are you gonna like my
face as soon as I start blogging like I
said this is probably nothing new to you
guys you've seen it I have never got to
see one before so I'm very excited I
waited forever for this I don't know how
everybody else got this before I did
hey I'm gonna need them put some shoes
on boy
yes okay I'm excited about this when we
got here what is all this stuff what is
it oh it's a bag wait does it fit in
that yeah did you pay for it did you pay
for it at the store
90 bucks I'm gonna get you like four
packs what can we do with al oh my gosh
look at all this stuff
is that a bat that's a battery okay okay
this is some camera I yeah I think so
let schooltas record picture are on
thing to land it all right dude
I don't know anything about this yeah
but look how small is awesome it's like
you're holding a little electronic bird
you found in the woods I don't know if
this is charging like one at a time or
all the time it appears like just one I
mean that makes sense we're getting that
thing charged up I'm sad about that
zombies they're coming for you Noah
they're coming for you oh good to see ya
it's oh I smell good mm-hmm wash our
feet ah look at this look at this side
your dad like you're looking at your
your father hey this is the best I got
we've been talking about this for a
while and that is doing a QA and the
response from you guys has been huge I
mean every day I see comments when is
the Q&A what are you doing the Q&A so
I'm gonna sit here with my boy Noah
we're gonna rock out this Q&A hopefully
you enjoy it hopefully we can answer
some questions that are a little bit
different than what we usually do this
one's coming in from Kyler Hooven
Noah what do you see yourself doing in
ten years you'll be 20 to stop do my
boys gonna be 22 in ten years 22 you
know a lot of people to do a long time
you gotta know my baby your engine too
old
ever since I was a baby a big I've
always wanted to like make games so
babies games game is not that's it
that's a good market to get in right now
but video games is huge huge I'll be 43
oh my god he'll be 43 years old son what
is your favorite game right now well it
changes every like two weeks if I was
true right now it's Mad Max Max and he
plays on the PC you normally play ps4
xbox exactly some PC cooking yes ps4 did
just break Ori henan Cory Heymann all
right what you got Cory what was the
hardest thing for you to overcome when
you were just starting out for me
overcoming um just full-time I had a
full-time job I worked full-time minimum
40 hours a week I had Noah so one of the
things for me and first of all I did
youtube as only a hobby I'd ever did it
for a future I never did it for to make
money and it could even make money when
I started YouTube so when I was doing
YouTube when I was just starting out it
was only for fun and I think finding
time between a full-time job a family is
like a teeter-totter um and I think just
finding that balance I guess would
answer the question of how I I don't
know that I answered anything there but
uh how many guns do you have just - mmm
you know everybody's been asking me uh
that maybe I'll do a video on on my gun
collection soon my interest half of you
would you rather have no taste buds or
eat one thing for the rest of your life
practically the same thing that's what I
would say it's like the same thing like
because if you had no taste buds why
would you need to eat other things you
would just eat the same all depend what
I needed was like if it's not healthy I
would today would pick no taste buds
hmm like dog food yes he's dog food
every day I wonder what we would
actually eat as humans if we couldn't
taste it like you have no taste buds
wonder what we'd actually everything is
probably the same exact thing would you
rather have feet for hands or hands for
ears coming in from Leah these would be
foot feet or you could have hands for
ears you walk on your hand on pins
what would you welcome yours I want
hands on my ears my ears are already
huge I can't imagine like hands probably
do pantera feet yeah foot hands like
moving dog like a dog they have the same
thing I'm but Kendall wants to know
what's your favorite food what's a
favorite thing everything meet with
taste buds this is with pagelet swish
pasta salad pasta stuff everybody netic
you asked me what your favorite food was
maybe that's what we should we should
ask a question we have to guess what
each other would answer I would never
guess pasta salad ever I woulda lost my
favorite thing to eat like one thing
I'll be hard to pick probably barbecue
ribs I would say ribs or some type of
barbecue food I love barbecue chicken
yeah somewhere on that this was coming
in for Haley Edwards and it's not a
direct question for you but she asked
will you actually buy that school bus so
you could get all your local viewers and
take them to lunch that was one of my
day yesterday in the vlog I found a
school bus for sale actually the guys
that sold us the limo
do you think we should get this woman
yeah hey what would we do to a school I
mentioned to get another youtuber to
come and destroy it I like your
destruction time I was thinking like
imagine school bus verse monster truck
dude yeah I need to just get it and show
up cuz Britney will have a heart attack
you can't have a school bus you need us
a CDL license and I like nice to drive
it on our property we just
direct message from you from Roman
Atwood soldiers do you ever punish know
what when he gets in trouble
do I ever punish you like you know well
I can't think times I actually get in
trouble that's true he doesn't get in
trouble much it's very hard to punish
you if you do it's like no don't do that
that's parenting right there guys
parenting 101 no don't do that
uh no was an awesome kid man he very
rarely gets in trouble when he does it's
like not a punishable trouble it's just
like a quit or stop or you're you know
being loud or no don't shave the dog's
hair off like it's not a big deal here's
a question from Noah coming in from I
can't read the name who's the best dad
in the world
me I made that question up would you let
Noah take over your channel when you
stop making videos sure you could have
it really wanna you can have it I mean
if I was gonna quit like stop making
YouTube videos ah yeah I just handed
over to Noah and I'm no problem that'd
be cool if you could have any superpower
what would it be and why every time that
I would hold my breath yeah the whole
world would freeze and no one could see
me or so if you go yeah everything would
freeze and I could do anything I wanted
and then when you went like that
everybody really yeah hmm why not just
be out freeze people so you don't go
with your breath
can they see like if you cross them and
then they unfreeze they remember you
going bond they're like that's the guy
that can move all of one's frozen I've
always thought that if face like if
they're looking at you you freeze you
and then you unfreeze did they see you
like it probably looked like they were
teleporting my superpower if I had one
would be that if somebody freezes
everybody I could find them immediately
like I would be the hunter of the
freezer so I would hunt you yeah there
has to be a villain
there has to be father-son villain
world's take that's a movie right there
you know I'm I'm your father
it's the father-son villain Darth Vader
cool but my power would stink all I can
do see you when you freeze the whole
world it's lame this is intense question
all right this is intense so hang on to
something
Colin zan wants to know pancakes or
waffles that's my boy
waffles for me too waffles for me why
don't you guys come to the Cayman
Islands I want to come to the Cayman
Islands Gail
dang it Gail would you rather eat poison
ivy or a handful of bumblebees I'm gonna
go with the poison ivy ah man neither
one I would never be able to actually do
either one but I guess bumblebees just
stinging it my brother your own remember
you look you made it look you made it
the whole time is there Q&A for now if
they like it we'll do more if you guys
like the Q&A we will do more but that is
our Q&A for right now give me five who
won you guys look like you're tied up
what mom ended up one on the end
better flip nail
they went on us king like this I didn't
do it you did it oh it's funny your old
daddy's choking to death I ended the
vlog yeah oh oh we got white yep
ended the vlog last night I was like you
know what yesterday was kind of just a
QA most of it was just a Q&A so third at
least come on this morning to say hi and
uh I don't know maybe maybe lift you up
a little bit maybe make you feel a
little better about yourself it is uh
it's starting to snow here which is
amazing maybe in tomorrow's vlog we'll
have a whole snow day I don't know it's
kind of just getting going we do have
some footprints out there the new drones
fully charged so I want to break that
out as well and I don't know I just felt
like trying to lift you guys up a little
bit I always tell you guys in my vlogs I
like to leave you feeling motivated and
maybe inspired even if it's just a
little bit I don't know how much I can
give you in a vlog but something really
good to always think about is is how
good you actually do have it I know at
times it seems like man our life is over
and this is the worst thing that could
ever happen to us but I'm telling you
those are the things those are the
without those terrible times in our life
we remain exactly who we are and those
are lessons and we have to take these
lessons we have to we have to we have to
use these lessons we have to we have to
take these lessons on and actually it's
so crazy at some point you're actually
gonna be like man I'm so glad I went
through that because now I can handle
this I know it sounds terrible but
sometimes these terrible things in our
life become such a positive time in our
life I look back at some of the things
that I thought was the end of my world
man when I was at my ultimate low
somehow those moments are now the
greatest thing that ever happened to me
and I don't know how to explain that
looking into this camera and talking to
you guys but you're gonna push through
all these little problems that you have
some are big some are small but whatever
they are they're making you the better
version of who you are right now
and that's awesome man it's so crazy
it's hard to explain but in my life the
worst times in my life have become some
of the greatest moments and that's
that's really hard to say when you're in
the moment usually you're just angry and
I'm telling you use that anger as
motivation it's the most powerful fuel
in our body is anger if you can turn
that fuel into into a positive direction
unstoppable maybe unstoppable tell him
tell him
I mean strawberry bagel that's it I'm
with you I want one too huh think I'm
mad I love you guys thank you so much
and just know that this channel will
always be used for good guys whether
it's pushing you or at least trying to
push you I don't actually know how much
of this you take in or how much this
even affects you but I will tell you
this you have my word that um this is
what I'll do I'll always try to look you
guys up try to start your day or maybe
end your day well I love you thank you
for everything obviously to my family
and myself we love you you are beautiful
one-of-a-kind smama
you
