welcome to a very dark laid-back gloomy
Sunday at the Atwood house hey what is
it
Oh and their babies Wow we um I'm just
gonna be completely honest with you guys
we have been just laying around I'm
actually in my pajama pants Brittany
still in half pajamas we're all playing
we're just hanging out like a family
would but Dale has been insisting that I
get the camera and we do a little bit of
filming so we're gonna do something we
haven't done in a while which is play a
video game together with you guys crush
it I'm right there like oh and 40 on
this game we've been playing battlefield
one off-camera we haven't played it on
the vlog yet but I tried to get a server
and it just it won't let me saw how many
go service you guys can play in our
server be amazing
but it's not working welcome to the vlog
guys we are just uh Brittany Laura tell
them what you were doing
look at this picture if you were out of
town and recently oh yeah I don't know
where we're setting up this awesome game
area this looks like mostly you know the
nice game signals right don't judge me
flash what you got boy huh yeah what's
up what's up what's up hey beautiful
what's up dude I see you guys in there I
wish I could shrink up like this big and
dive in here and scuba dive drew a
little till got it what's going on here
it's got the baggie but we're gonna do a
gaming video battlefield one being Dale
running around probably dying a lot
definitely doing a hardcore only do
hardcore on one yeah so sit back relax
grab a snack and just enjoy some
ridiculous gaming all right there we are
it's a pretty uh hey guys we loan it we
made it in the game Dale that would nice
gun buy any nice guns so this is a
convenient place for us to start in the
graveyard because this we're going to be
in about thirty seconds
all right I'll follow you dude I got
your back
sona's it mark I got you back not long
ago do we start it so far back no matter
what happens I will not let you die I
only go you're not even a manic what are
you talking about I won't have to medic
you cuz you won't die dude a bike
what Oh singing Ana you drive all right
passenger hi dude put a lot of faith in
you right now you got a boot my face
here this thing is sketchy oh oh good
drug do here get it ah turn out joy oh
oh oh I'm dead you're on your own this
would be gone come on switch your
handgun got him eyes oh I just want to
get off and watch you for a second go
ahead I go ahead and try to get out
Austin over here I'm I help you out I
help you out Turk Renee time I help you
guys know your name I got oh so I gotta
say it's been a long time since we made
a gaming video what was the last game
you ready Street Fighter 1 oh now that
one pretty much burn us out beat fighter
and you know we're a little more
advanced now it was a little too in
death maybe a little too late at night
I'm not gonna lie this game is so
photorealistic man reshoot something I
was shooting a plane that you yeah
sliding around
yeah that's me oh hey dude that's my
first kill then I'll actually think your
neighbor yeah don't you go negative 2 I
don't know if you go negative in this
game but I hope you go Nate I don't even
know where you find how many kills you
got I'm not spying on you no more all
right let's get into the war like let's
go up to the action I try then you kill
me husk okay I won't do that again
we're literally making the whole team
fail ha ha ha
so you shoot me not I know I'm gonna
shoot you dude I got you I mean I'm
gonna watch your back Oh give me a can't
go in the trenches with a sniper rifle
you're right I'll switch to handguns we
gotta pay does it actually switch to
handgun yeah it does look at you as
early as you how'd you get your face on
there I went to a 3d scanning company
and battlefield hooked it up
Hawk you man's gotta Oh
get on just turn them into ravioli holy
cannoli
oh this guy comic opposite you can see
na he's deader than a doornail
all right I'll fly in the plane either
side Melrose
oh I think I got a kill with that too no
way dude I hit the other plane and I'm
still going he's still there let's take
him out you just fly I'll shoot okay
oh I need my jam haven't spun around and
just done do you ride on top of London
that actually no I pull shoe X all dude
Roman look at this what are you gonna
hide the bayonet yeah what is it it's
gonna ban it oh oh man thank you lady
dude I need a medic coming up
nice I'm back in the game no Eddy dead
haha sorry keep going you tell another
guy is another that's that kill he
already down top right top right oh ma
Chang oh you smell this chanting blow
Diddy oh I got this oh he's coming down
the alley they're gonna do it bit down
the alley I got good sweet there's so
many I am oh this guy's dead
Hey oh I got you Oh minute Boy Oh little
buildings coming down oh that buildings
shot I procured a car for us go ahead
and spawn all knives you me
okay tickets to the Death Zone don't
shoot me in the head that our guy no no
if it was it is ready ma'am ha you got
he's gonna be slick ha ha ha ha you'd
better shot just dudes whores to pieces
here's another here's another here's
another ah I got him
you killed Corky oh my god I got it on I
got it on my ice I want ours you guys
crazy on that whores eco oh ah
nailed him hi guys so what is your
favorite game right now I guess the
toss-up tonight would be call of duty
versus battlefield 1 I like both of them
or lock all of Duty has it like you have
the futuristic weapons that actually
kill people this game you're limited to
your weapons like I feel like I do
better with a better weapon but that's
the game that's what makes it cool me up
everybody's limited with the same
weapons so it's equal I'm going for it
Romans ah oh yeah boy I wish my cousin
ha ha ha I wish I in the hell did you do
it
I gotta get sold this sword dude come on
as I am told I got it I think I did you
imagine riding a horse into combat me so
down with people with machine guns and
I've never even wrote a horse let alone
with a sword which is watches here we go
here we go here we go here we go oh you
were out of the combat area oh man dude
watch here's another here's another
night do it Oh
roll all the poor palm trees not the
palm tree here's a guy right there yeah
hi I did I don't know what does that
mean all this guy thinks he's slick huh
hey destroy that guy he was reload and
if the worst so much flamethrower action
down there get him dude BAM ah that's it
I was a good game
that's it it was a good game that is the
game right there I don't even know what
just happened
Wow Eddie yourself was it us 2,000 kills
the starts getting boring you know
yeah I didn't slow down you want
something little slower pace I didn't
know battle fuel got the new caster
Southie yes yeah new that was a
something kill kill strip yeah that was
fun give me my boy I've got him his mom
he's mine oh this one's my boy too
I've got both of them they're both mine
oh my god I got weapons dude believe it
paulie's trying to hurt me actually does
hurt oh that's it that's it you better
run boy you guys have destroyed the
upstairs you will be punished that to be
oh yeah hope you got wings cuz you about
to fly off the balcony
comrades of what I'm just coloring I'm
not doing anything wrong well I like you
dump truck with all the stickers that's
cool oh you're in here I was like very
organized how do you organize an
unorganized area
guys that is gonna pretty much do it
today I hope you enjoyed some gameplay
and please honestly tell me if you would
actually like us to do more of that not
all the time and probably not a gaming
channel maybe I don't know I don't want
to get into that really it would be fun
and I could do it with the kids and it
like maybe but I don't know hope you
still enjoyed today's vlog I know it's
not a normal blog but to be honest with
you I don't think I was gonna upload
today if my brother wasn't like yo let's
film let's film something I may have
just took sunday off so I hope you were
able to enjoy it and I'm sure it was
better than skipping the day so thank
you for being here thank you for
everything for now the streak continues
we're still going strong guys and I've
got so much lined up this week that we
should have a full week of vlogs as well
so thank you for being here thanks for
all the support and love guys no matter
what we do it's just amazing that you're
here thank you for that you're
everything to us you're beautiful you're
one of a kind smile
you
