what did you bring what did you bring
today I brought the smartest thing I
could think of
I brought me oh that's who he was
talking about I knew it so they're here
today you guys know that I told you I
was doing a livestream where we're gonna
tug O'War the smart car now what we
didn't know is yesterday it was 70 and
beautifully sunny today it's actually
snowing we have snow out here we got our
first snowballs today first snow so long
with the tug of war that we are going to
attempt in the wet grass maybe on my
concrete we got some other ideas that
are even more ridiculous this thing
running yeah just getting the tow hook
out it's got to tow those things tow I
think comes with a hook to put in the
front or back bumper I need what that a
pillow
you're not long enough to reach oh my
gosh it's bigger than it it's bigger
how long have you guys had this car ten
years five years yeah seven six here's
my question what's the odds that the
smart car has a plug in tow loop maybe
you have to tow him a lot what but
backwards it's smart dude in case you
guys don't know my dad has and has had
for very long time a very smart car I
don't look at this like that this is the
nice thing about it you can make my
gurney you just pull that hair cut off
and uh so like new again for a whip
paint this isn't like an added tape this
is just falling off the car so it's
pretty beat up look at the front the
whole paint just peeled right off the
front oh well they put the fender this
car is on it it's a 2009 so it is it is
old but it's not that old for a vehicle
7:16 static half inch arborist we need a
smaller rope to make a loop for the
bigger rope Dale's good with daddy's bet
ouch Oh
feel the burn you want some sons
sunscreen for that burn Dale I think you
should try to hit the ramp
oh my gosh either horn beep you need to
time it with the big red nose beep dad I
think we turn this into our project car
do we put some little mud tires a lift
kit a bigger motor we turn it like offer
a go-kart I like a go-kart I'm in and
then we can ramp those hills back here
and since this thing already like popped
offline and they wouldn't fix it and I
glued it back down he just turn into
convertible I love it tearing up my yard
mom sorry okay ready
oh they did it again
awesome whoo good for some of my life
you're feeling a man we can do better
I wish had a bug out just a bit like a
little one foot slope Oh make it yeah I
don't know I wish you had a vodka too
buddy right you just it is missing some
horsepower and drifting out there come
on man country here how you doing man
it's so good to see you with the family
yeah and he brought us some gifts I
don't know what's expecting a blow up or
pop open it can we got here this is uh
Roman and Brittany what's that one say
that one says Kane yeah man no uh all
right
Oh baby stuff that's gonna fit you
perfect Kane oh that's awesome
oh yeah
so congratulations on becoming a big
brother Kane that's you dude I am only a
phone call away if you ever need me
country will always have your back it's
like hey you better run huh flash it's
your first snow day buddy
yo look at this take me to the islands
mama Oh get me there tonight
whoa holy cow look at that it's
beautiful though oh it this is the
kickoff to our holidays that's right
it's about time maybe we'll have a fun
snow davidich it's it's beautiful cold
in yes look this is like big pebbles
yeah like big hope the smart garden get
out of the snow it's officially
happening or getting snow time it really
is I was in a t-shirt till 11:30 last
night oh and now this that's really a
severe change
you guys having fun that's awesome are
you eating a pickle it was like it took
me a second I'm staring at you like we
are we are really really bouncing around
today all over the place I was focused
on the live stream so I I it's just
really strange day anyway let's continue
it is Jesse's birthday not her actual
birthday but we're gonna go out and she
wants dessert so we were like well we'll
do anything you want so we're gonna go
get dessert we got the kids we got to go
pick up the on Jeff and they seemed
pretty - couldn't you get the fourth row
mrs. castle made out of as oh there's my
little bug nope you're stuck you're and
daddy's luck I got him he's mine he's
mine
Oh what is it oh my gosh oh my gosh it's
a getting them style top what and you
know you've made it when you have your
own top that plays your music no you're
on top you're oh my body I love you bye
mama we are headed out to a little place
called the melting pot which I've never
been we've never been you guys been yeah
no happy early 19th birthday Jess super
awesome never been there what do they
known for what it was this place you
take ingots of lead and ten and you make
these cool little figurines melting pot
and it's kind of like an arts and crafts
fun place awesome action heroes
wait it's fondue no it's fun to spawn
did sweat in the belly bottom no idea
I've never been here and yeah that's it
was only uh
there's paul blart the Christmas train
is it on fire as it gets it all right I
spill I spilled some water everywhere
get your handyman shirt back on and fix
this yeah right now we just gotta get
out of temperature we're here and I
didn't know but you actually cook your
own food here right everything or just
some things I don't know everything
everything either salad yet the water
you with the hide student oxygen
molecules together yeah yeah amazing
I'm not gonna lie this is my first
fondue experience this is my first time
let's do a Cheers with all the chins
bon bon cheer cheer do what's cheers the
cheese yeah she's cheers how do you do
this you just I've never done this
before she just turn it dip it like that
Oh watch the cheesy this will blog's
cheesy everyone ready
on two three touch cheese's yeah uh-huh
I've done it well we don't do it was
cheese and apples we're not meant to mix
but is that what you're supposed to do
that is what you're supposed to do it
wait
we got pong mode on yeah yeah I don't
know if that goes together cheese and
apples well you just ate it what's it
taste like it's like a fruity dirty sock
I can I get that how long do we wait to
tell Dale there's actually Forks in the
know there's Forks on women
yes actually well no this is awesome yes
they bring you out all these uncooked
meats shrimp steak chicken hoping it all
shakes paws pig and then you put them in
this boiling broth to cook them I'm
excited about this oh you got the time
really up two and a half minutes left
guys rice krispie treats
I am bananas oh and this is a
marshmallow marshmallow fluff it's
awesome
rice krispies treats brownies and
rwandese there is pound cake and cream
cheese number that is awesome I get a
shot yeah I feel like dancing oh that
chocolate got me that chocolate got me
feeling funny I'm so hyper you're late I
said like 1900 marshmallows like a pound
of chocolate almost Christmas time guys
it's not even Thanksgiving yet though
that's the thing okay so this oh this is
your song you got nothing okay so this
new vehicle Britney's has heated seats
and I gotta say something
it's the closest it's the closest
feeling I've had to like back when I
used to pee my pants okay that's what it
feels like in my pants then I never have
a I don't have a memory of actually
paying my fans I did it until the heated
seat and I'm sitting here like thank you
really no no you lie like a rug you got
mom worse than you I can hi buddy oh man
mommy tried to scare you so bad that you
flash did you do this flash why did you
do that ah bad boy oh hey I don't want
to hear it dude I just opened that
shoebox today I like how he I like how
he mixed his toys in with it like we
wouldn't notice I don't even know what I
film today honestly this has been really
really off today Wow what happened to
the baby this is our new handshake ready
well guys I think this is pretty much
gonna wrap up this weirdo vlog on I'm
sure what they're doing now we've all
lost our lines that is gonna do it for
our blog guys I actually have no idea
I've lost track as we were streaming and
then we've been on the vlog and I always
lose track of what I filmed and it just
is what it is today thank you guys for
being here either way if you joined us
on the live stream thank you for joining
us there I guess we'll see you tomorrow
the streak has been going for quite a
while now
I don't know why I talk
I'm taking a day off clapping thank you
guys for everything we love you we will
see you tomorrow you are beautiful you
are one of a kind smile
you
