yo you're sagging dog she got her arms
yeah oh yeah it's okay hey guys welcome
to the vlog this girl's feelings show
right now if he smiles she's going crazy
yes welcome welcome to our day we were
just starting out we got to take this
little guy right here no no this one to
the dentist
it's your final visit and you'll be all
done from and then we're taking you to
your all your teeth pulled out you don't
need teeth eat through a straw boy there
you go alright good little thing hi
canes last I'm gonna stop him I want to
stop push-ups or later push-ups or later
oh she's gone nap time she likes it or
not
oh no be princess alright we are out of
the house and it's raining it is warm
enough to rain donkeys been in his barn
you can tell cuz he rolls around is his
stuff come on you don't even got a coat
on well are you know hop in mr. Atwood
hop in alright here we go we're off do
you got buckle buckle grab your seat
enough get it get it get it get it
so we're off we're out and about and it
is so warm us it's almost sixty degrees
which means just rain out there scene
tomorrow which is crazy they're saying
tomorrow could be like potential
snowstorm like a really good in just
north of us there come on for like 20
inches of snow that's what we need here
I want 20 inches of snow so bad can you
imagine we could dig tunnels
imagine if all this rain with snow no
but it was cold it's kind of a weird
thing I don't know but I'll be happy
with anything it's just weird that it
can be 60 right now it's monstrous warm
and then tomorrow night we're supposed
to get all the snow so hopefully that
happens if not it's gonna be a nasty mud
ish we already have so much mud it's
great you guys know how our property is
hey we could bring back we could bring
back mud wrestling like we did last year
what was that last year nope you were
pregnant last year with them real life
things you got to get done I actually
have to book a dentist appointment for
myself but I've been procrastinating
constantly about I gotta get it done
well you know maybe tomorrow let me get
that for you sir let me get that for you
sir mr. Atwood you have to pin him down
you get the straitjacket
you knock that out how's your I feel are
you numb you did awesome man
Cain stole mommy's hoodie which actually
almost fits him like dude kind of
skipping past the dinner stuff Cain
rocked it out I had to get numbed out
and get three things done with his teeth
something oh it's true all right up on
in
so y'all numb is your face numb no it's
always funny when I'm getting the vlogs
up I've literally pushed yesterday's
vlog probably went up it's gonna be like
20 30 minutes late guys so we're posting
the vlog all right now hopefully you
don't got be a chicken about it and
we're warping back to the zoo the zoo
zoo the zoo
so where's all the animals at the zoo
they sleeping it's donkey in there well
there's one of the zoo animals there's
one of this she up by the way guys today
is I've got a brand new camera today so
hopefully this will be probably the
clearest it'll ever be is usually the
first day I pretty I see you baby I see
you do I not pay you when I go home
nothing
so yeah it always to me always looks
best on the first day crystal clear and
nice and new and of course not uh-huh
stop it rain stop it still beautiful
it's still beautiful we get this snow
tomorrow night or Saturday whenever it's
supposed to hit Oh hats hats hats look
at all these hats hats hats but these
all orders going out smile just hats no
it looks good it's like jingo we should
play a game it's just start pulling them
out like just sitting you know let's
just see what happens I lost yeah Noah
get it boy getting that Rowan with a
screen looks really weird on my camera I
think here Owen boy this is a fun
machine I like this
why don't you see how many you can do
first we think Brian six seven more
weeks on this you have it ready
you got your contract you what's the guy
observes God Union no what's it called
what's it called there's the guy he's
always like in the house
maybe maybe Foreman yeah I don't know
but you know I saw you hold the ladder
you the ladder guys today I'm just the
guys making sure hey Brian how you doing
yeah now just give me all the way down
Brian do so - just leave that spot okay
get it get it
Kane are you still numb yeah love you
doggy baby I wish I was numb you got it
oh I should say ro like in the movies
ro if it's broke if it's broke what's
the idea here what's the what's the
objective this is completely unofficial
jerry-rigged everything right okay we're
gonna there's a big gap in this air
return vent we don't know his room it's
blistering hot we're gonna take
cardboard and duct tape and try and fill
the gap let's do it simple I mean the
heating company sure hasn't come to fix
it yet so there's a wicked gap right
there so this is our return from the
upstairs which means all the heat
sitting upstairs isn't being brought
back down and it's just so warm upstairs
it's your room warm buddy so I have four
fans on the max settings right now no
just not cool it down hey buddy you
might needle come on even it's
understand on
yes walls possible look these bent down
here so long there's dust on them you
just got hard at work in here we go now
it's set up properly looks a little
better except the hole in the head oh
yeah
much better how we doing up here Jase
pull this drumsticks ever by the way
easily you gotta stuff a giant dead carp
up here before you seal it say that darn
carpets got me all tangled up huh
this little girl starting to book it
around this house you let me turn you
around
put the be prompt beep beep beep I know
Oh get mommy go get Muttley these two
all day she goes mommy
watch out flush she's coming at you come
on girl come on crush like what's the
cat doing what's the cat doing this
house is a zoo horror but you want all
the film Tom you want more camera time
is that what's going on here she's
coming for it
it is awesome
oh good job baby girl get it in it what
she worked so hard for it we got these
for the kids for Christmas
in New York when Brittany and I were
there with her we just forgot all about
them we found them today
check it out this sparks put on the
ground I can smell it wait going a
little girl be back by by nine when you
think you're going for a you think
you're going
I don't think flashlight sparks no huh
nothing baby are you stuck again should
make it all the way from the living room
into here good job yeah yeah that that
right there should help get your room
locked down at least ten twenty yeah no
that's custom gain laughs laughs I want
to see your face
are you still numbed out that's crazy
let me see come here I just want to see
it say something funny
all right I got a joke the kids want to
play VR so bad we haven't hooked up to
be are since it's been a long time our
live arrived and I'm like I'm like okay
we're gonna do it this weekend I promise
you we're gonna hook it up this weekend
and then I started thinking about the
vibe it's like one player right and you
got everybody wants to play so it's like
having one bathroom everybody in the
house has to poop that's what the vibe
is like right there that is exactly so
picture that right everyone's pounding
on the door Let Me In I got to go I got
to go that's the vibe let me see your
face let me see your face dude it's like
still from the dentist it looks weird
watch Cora watch for she has no idea
there's an applique avalanche
okay go ahead and pour it good for it
come on you got it you can do it you
like a zombie right now okay you can do
it pour it don't spill it don't spill it
why who's doing it who's doing it
who's doing it push-ups push-ups can you
always do yours this kid's gonna keep
your butt down dude first of all hang on
Noah
first of all dude you are killing it I
remember what we started push-ups you
couldn't even do them now you're like
like a robot is it that time guys when
we asked you to do push-ups with us we
add one a day yesterday we did 16 and
today we do 17 tomorrow we do eight do
we just add one a day so without further
ado Cain you gotta film and sure the
camera guy mommy you jumping in flash
watch this okay first of all hop down he
has asked to outside 30 times in the
last 10 minutes now watch okay here he
goes boom and he just stops right there
now if we come over here look oh maybe
he wants us to go out with him
do you think that's what's going on cuz
he jumps up there like Mayday Mayday I'm
about to spray on the floor
what flashy what flash do you go outside
do you got it I didn't ask if you had to
sit flash please go party if you gotta
go potty come on look at this
Cambridge Nick even laughing yes
somebody's going nutty jamot on with
this game no party flash oh I'm losing
my mind
the kangaroo guy I got flashes just
literally won't stop it's like he's
trying to tell me something
no I'm putting my shoes on I'm not put
my shoes I'm following this better be
good this better be good
but come on show me come on come on show
me what is it what is it what is it
we're all waiting the anticipations
killing me
come on come on what what is it boy what
is it oh let me just eat this rock girl
fight come on buddy
look at this goofball dude it's like he
was literally didn't want to come out
here without I've never seen him do that
he's like he's going to the bathroom
right now just like that he had to go so
bad but you don't want to go my himself
good boy I guess you're never going to
the dentist again maybe thinks he's some
type of bird what do you think was out
there Cain what do you think was out
there
donkeys evil now you think donkeys got
horns and a mask on you think it was
coyotes got to do this I gotta knock
yourself 17 push-ups today guys do them
with me do as many as you can't not as
many just 17 but if you can only do 5 do
5 that's a great place to start
let's go keen you've already done six
hundred push-ups today okay you got a
film for McCain oh my gosh this kid's
dedicated your smack a donkey done she
boogie-woogie choo-choo train put your
butt down Cain just scare whatever hair
she has left on her head off I promise
that we're gonna do these push-up as
soon as I get my household under order
flash is probably more likely to do
push-ups with me right now
family I'm using cores machine as a
tripod I'm doing it are you gonna film
me all right guys please do these with
me jump in wherever you can let's do
some push-ups together let's get
motivated and let's just feel better do
do whatever you can to seventeen here we
go
great you joining me
yeah girl yeah there's my fam and Kane's
mr. cameraman ready let's do it at your
own pace ready I'm ready
here we go 1 2 3 4 5 6 11 come on keep
up
King you gotta film it right 12 13 14 15
16 17
wild and crazy crazy push-ups with flesh
destroying mommy and Kane filming like a
maniac Brainiac sorry guys it is chaotic
here right now no job well Bora aren't
you excited to get bigger part of this
crazy house she's like just just let me
watch something no good a pretty girl
Cara you see yourself look up here look
up here
who is that cutie you are so beautiful I
know guys we are going to just end it
right there everybody's gonna eat I
don't even know what they're doing they
are you trying to put a hoodie on him oh
boy that is gonna be calm oh that is
hilarious okay you gotta get my treat
get ready everyone gotta fix this he's
gotta fixes of her sleeve okay this whoa
yo what up dog what is that pantyhose
look so excited about it yeah yo you
gotta get some shoes for him some kicks
he's like I don't care what you to as
long as you give me treats you guys can
dress me up you get that afro on him
so I want them nasty skinless cat
looking things like Austin Powers pull
your britches up or your britches up
lash this is our family show yo you're
sagging dawg alright alright we gotta
take him off he's not he's not digging
it he's like now I'll go outside without
you bar I come here get a tree good boy
no no but like its why is it so funny to
dress your pets up like it's we're gonna
cut it off guys we love you so so much
thanks for being a part of whatever
today is we will see you tomorrow thanks
for helping us keep this street going
and being a support to our family always
supporting everything we do we will see
tomorrow you were beautiful one of a
kind
you are one of a kind smile
you
