welcome to 2017 guys it is the first day
of the year January first I got my
brother following me back here we've got
the quads loaded up the ATVs we've got
drones we've got toys I don't want to
give it all up but we've got a very big
well-rounded welcoming to the new year
dear
hope you're feeling good hope you're
having a great beginning of the year
make this year your year it is your year
you've got to make it happen it's not
just going to happen it's not going to
be luck that this year is yours you're
gonna earn it and you're going to start
dreaming but your eyes are going to be
open you're going to be living life I
promise you you can do it and I will be
here to help motivate you inspire you
every single day I might miss a few days
don't hold me to that one all I'm saying
is you can do it you will do it let's
start this vlog it is warm it's like 50
in January in Ohio which just never
happens so let's go have some fun let's
use this sunshine for good and die
welcome to the vlog I love you Tyler's
here what's up what's up buddy
oh my back my quad out my hitch hit look
at the back oh you went back so I got
something to show you guys I haven't
figured out the best way to show you so
I'm just gonna do it today I figured
January 1st is the perfect day to
release this beast it's the newest
member of the family and it's in this
case right here can anybody guess what
this is before I open it it's really
heavy it's super big I think we're ready
to go look at this property look at that
gun range look who else showed us mr.
Rhodey what somebody is amazing
Dreamland this is like I thought this
was your land I wish it was my land hey
teddy
I haven't even showed this I never
showed it Oh God and open it oh man it's
a teaser oh that's a Barrett
like $9 that sticker would look at the
bullet man look at that where's the were
these guns for like killing like water
so it's just like hunting rabbits and
stuff coming back I brought the GoPros
in the drone and I think I want to put
this thing near the Barrett
I bought a Barrett guys I bought it I
didn't know how to show you guys I was
waiting for like something cool to do I
was waiting for Matt from demolition
ranch maybe we were gonna collab it's
like the key man it's like it's like the
cat's meow the dogs bark I'm very proud
of it it's not something everybody can
buy it's hard to it's hard to get so I'm
thrilled to have it and I'm happy to
show you guys and maybe we'll make some
really interesting videos with it like
today I have something credibly special
to do with it so let's go we're gonna
book again I'm gonna shut the can
somebody's got to shoot it out of here
it's canned pigeon shouldn't yell canned
pigeons yeah yeah you hit it whoo get a
hold of bear oh yeah I don't know I
don't see dirt alright we've done a
little bit of shooting today we are
gonna head down and do a very something
special a very something special
something very special I got the drone
extra GoPro my brother we got like a
train of people
got a fun property guys like that's the
next that's the next move for me man
lots of property lots of land we can do
anything we want imagine the
possibilities like literally what we
could do
alright guys I just want to say happy
new years huge just huge happy new years
guys let's start this year out right
let's be positive let's go on this as a
team this year here we go you ready dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun Cam'ron yeah
it's rolling alright Fanta everybody's
cameras are rolling everybody ready
holy Wow oh my gosh good mind these are
dead so they're pretty weak with still
the amount of destruction
alright guys gonna do a little trail
ride and not sure how much of this I can
film but uh it's some awesome trails
leave this I don't know which way they
went
I feel like that way I feel like got
where it's so beautiful back here man
we need more land guys hashtag for
so much freedom shoot you can drive you
can rap blow up coming in hot
uh-huh put your foot out oh my god this
is hard to film guys this is Wow
okay probably one of the most difficult
filming conditions for me one-hand
driving and vlog it's fun but it's tough
here we go here we go through the river
oh this is ridiculous yeah
no these things are amazing Matt like
they just take you anywhere I can't get
over ha
four-wheeler Todd's in the hole all that
is black mud
hahaha it's like motorstorm
remember the game motorstorm
he's just pulling him backwards
haha there goes
go go go go
yo that's not good what are you giving
her a bath all right guys so we raid a
raid we rode up all through till
darkness it's completely dark out what
an amazing ride that was last time I had
that much fun on a four-wheeler I was in
Finland actually with Dennis with the
Dudesons riding trails through the
mountains and the snow and it was just
it was pretty intense I think it's
actually on this channel somewhere that
is something everybody needs to do like
you have to try that fine trails you can
you can even find companies that will
let you rent quads do that with your
family is so fun that being said I'm
going to get my boy Noah
it's Sunday we get to go home hang out
as a family and that's really where
we're at guys what's up your wild
animals subdued oh sorry I've been stuff
in the backseat Alan what's up I win I
got so much crap in picking up dudes I
know I hear you flash where you been all
day
where you been all day well I got a flat
tire guys this tire is flat doesn't look
like it but look I'll just push it in
Plus look on the quad sitting crooked
it looks like whole different tire you
ever try to gain weight do you want to
have good luck this year back home not
really cleaned up I am change and we
bout to eat some dinner Kate have you
ever tried sauerkraut Britney put a
little sauerkraut on everyone's plate
tell them what you asked me that was he
asked if it was poop poop chops
I wonder who wants some food
this-this-this you can just hear it
especially like pickled cabbage right
like huh it's really good on sausage
like a bra yeah I like to convince I
didn't start like massage shop so I was
older and I could put it on like a bra
bratwurst with sauerkraut so good that
looks like the best dessert
oh you gotta finish your food dude
for dessert strawberry short creak and
whipped cream strawberry shortcake
good try to pick it up see if you can
pick it up the whole case you can barely
drag it stand up
huh all right now lift ready
you can't so guys there's a couple
things I want to do one of them being
cleaning the guns that I shot today and
uh I don't even think it got dirty to be
honest oh yeah there's some dirt this
thing is an absolute beast shot like a
tank today I mean it was just like
insane it's hard to appreciate the size
of this gun until you see you can pick
it you can definitely see the size of
the gun with Britt is a monster dude Wow
no I love that meteor take it I guess so
I think eventually I'm gonna have this
powder coated or a powder whatever they
call it where they dip them and they're
like customized I hope you enjoyed today
I had an absolute blast most of it was
you know a lot of his off camera cuz I
could not I couldn't ride and well I
mean I did I did the best I could but we
love you here at the Atwood house and we
will see you tomorrow thanks for hanging
out today and tell me in the comments
today if you would change this or keep
it the stock color I love this color and
I think eventually it's got to be
switched out to some custom like
one-of-a-kind never seen before I mean
this is a very special gun every time
you pull that trigger it's between 7 and
so each time each time you shoot one of
these magazines it's between 70 and $100
so it's very very expensive to even
shoot it which means when we do shoot it
it's for something very special other
than that it's really kind of an
investment in a long-term thing for you
know passed down generations that's
pretty much how I'm looking at it thank
you guys we love you it we'll see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
