I love you
got you something oh you're glowing
I'm so excited as your night
Oh
ha ha ha our life its d9g nothing Roman
I love you so much
and I know we've been together almost
eight years now we both know we want to
send forever together like we want to be
with each other forever as long as as
long as we're both alive living on this
earth I want to be with you
welcome to the vlog guys and happy 8th
year anniversary hey what is that for
all to blow my nose cuz I said guys it
is Brittany and i's 8th year anniversary
and before we go we're gonna go out for
a little bit we're going to actually I'm
gonna do something cane real quick yeah
ready ok we are gonna do everything
downstairs forever I have it this is
like the corner of the basement we never
touch this is an original bag from my
ball pit prank back when I did the ball
pit I filled my house with these plastic
balls this is an original bag kind of
half idea
did you just sit up your camera King you
are so cute I gave Kane his own vlog
camera today and he has been running
around with it very cool did it I love
it go all the way up all the way up
that's it get them in the bucket are you
doing better than I did
Oh Zeus come on dude oh oh you got it
you got it let's do it alright are you
gonna get in you should hop in you
getting your vlog camera out alright you
ready I'm gonna dump him and you oh my
gosh he is literally vlogging
we gotta find a spot for my camera
one way to tell if your trampoline is
level they're all on one side two of
them hit your head okay so although
we're getting late late start to this
little anniversary you ready I stood
we'll be right back little man
I love you we got to get our hair cut so
guys it is our eighth year anniversary
hears together this girl and I have my
believe in through a lot it's been
through it's been quite the journey it
has been you've been here for a lot of
it but there's been a ton of it day that
doesn't exist on the vlogs
we've only been vlog in three years
we've been together eight we didn't have
YouTube
we weren't youtubers um I didn't have a
YouTube channel when we met from where
we were when we met to where we are now
has been just teamwork has been just
endless amounts of support from each
other it has been incredible and I'm
blessed to have you I mean we've had bad
things too we've had fights and breakups
and break up we've had a woman one time
for what two days
two and a half one and a half I wanted
to I wanted to let you guys in on some
things that we've never told the boys
that is one of them we actually broke up
once I'll take all my stuff man no you
did you moved out for about a day and a
half for like two days
oh I thought my bedroom up my mom we
went been dating that long wait did I
think Zeus do we answer we didn't have
Zeus yet we didn't have this it's a
relationship like you act at we don't
think that we don't have normal life
things that everybody has like yeah we
have a great life that we have worked
hard to create and work on every day
it's still everyday work but at the end
of the day it's that we're still a
normal couple like we still have the
same like we bicker we we pick on each
other it's still like that but for the
most part I feel so lucky to have what
we have together like we're a team we're
like we're like a power couple that's
what people can power couple oh it's 35
you're so excited to get this eight
years over with is speeding oh I feel
like worth the wrong restaurant to be
having an anniversary because this is
not where we had it doesn't matter it's
right there
you want this let's eat this they have
better sake anyway our first date was
that Applebee's you guys already know
let's not make this about us there's
someone new watching today good thing
it's our eighth year anniversary yeah
I've been I've been with her for eight
years Wow she just drops that don't you
sound like my viewers yeah absolutely
absolutely yeah
are you gonna film me cutting my salad I
wasn't gonna film you cut your salad I
was gonna explain that I never cut my
salad and so I met Brittany she she did
this and I laughed at her for a long
time about it it's much easier I know
I'm on your side I am but before you
remember me like making jokes like
you're cutting your salad I'm sure a lot
of you cut yourself a lot of you don't I
now I salad up in fact one time I was
cutting my salad and the fork went like
this and all my salad frickin mouth ask
you serious question alright okay this
is steak not look like the United States
of America does it or does it not look
like University Romans like we even
though me in like what's he gonna do
what is he gonna do
penis bullets I would normally just tan
on my sleeve oh yeah
at least your hands just because no one
else would've saw that but do you not
see it or am i great no I completely see
I never touch them cut it I haven't
designed it on shaped it something about
here shaping steaks
tell me be honest yeah this mistake not
resemble the United States of America it
does they brought us out a little
anniversary ice creams a nice surprise
right here and that's yeah that's it
well was it crazy but it was a nice
thing I love you perfect it was it was
actually really really good dinner we
got to go steak for Cain he wants steak
he loves stink and as long as you have
anyone sauce just like you exactly like
you in fact when you asked him if you
want steak he asked if we have a one and
when you said yes he was like lots of
steak is fresh you Barkin you're not the
Barker of the house it smells so good in
here what is this who made all these
cupcakes
oh it says happy ate mommy and daddy
where's my kid Kayla laundry can't even
get in here look at this mess well I
don't see anything I'm just gonna go out
here
daddy looking from you you made us just
cupcakes dude you were the best you pour
yourself some Moree oh my dude you want
some you want some steak with that a1
yes
so this could be our shortest vlog of
the last month maybe it's gonna be short
guys we are gonna wrap it up any advice
you want to give out there to anybody
trying to keep somebody they love it's
work it's not that bad come on it you
have to you want my advice you have to
keep trying for the other person you
can't stop what you did in the beginning
mm-hmm here's my advice this may sting a
little bit for some people but we're all
crazy we're all a little crazy and I'm
just gonna say if you think that you're
gonna get somewhat with somebody that's
less crazy then you're crazy
find the crazy that you love and stick
with it that's that's my advice I'm just
saying that we're all a little crazy one
more piece of advice I'm no expert
you're not an expert oh yeah no
definitely not just a little friendly
advice never in a relationship don't
ever don't ever say to splitting up is
an option you're not allowed to say it
like you're not allowed to say well what
if I break up that's you're not allowed
to say that there's pretend it's not
existent that's not an option
dad all being said it is we're gonna
wrap up our night it's gonna be a short
vlog for you
thank you for we're actually gonna hang
out watch a little movie together a
little off-camera time cuddle up with
Kanner's and just just chillax chillax
yo tell me in the comments today what is
your longest relationship leave me a
year a month you know what your Long's
really a lot of you are young so I don't
expect everyone to be insane so we were
married some of you've been together
forever uh for us is our longest right
here me and me together
but fight for each other guys we have to
work together if you love the person
fight for him do it do it do what they
want a little bit you got to bend over
you got to do things you did day one
you got to both bend a little bit so I
don't know why we've turned this into
relationship counseling but we love you
guys
thank you for everything here's to the
next uh you know at least eight to ten
hundred years love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile mwah this is the trust game okay
you're gonna feed me I'm gonna feed you
okay this is the trust game your trust
treat me this one's red icing on it - oh
you know what I don't want the red icing
I'll see you know I like to taste the
red icing you should know I don't trust
you to feed me
really I trust you hundred percent I
know you would never do anything but
just feed me that cupcake okay
okay so at the same time we're gonna
feed each other okay okay - it's on my
back it's still salvageable get it came
get it yeah Booker's into it I'm really
great Hey oh my god we trust each other
oh good
