all right guys it's official Kane we did
it a million subscribers we did it you
guys did well that that is a massive
number no come here come here look at
this one million nine hundred ninety six
thousand eight hundred and forty five we
are so close to 2 million subscribe and
we hit 2 million subscribers today guys
and I know I don't sound excited but
inside I'm like doing backflips and it's
really kind of surreal thank you thank
you thank you
hey guys before we start this vlog we
just want to give a special thanks to
each and every single one of you start
are you ready to list off all three
million people say that make up all
three men we have a list ready all three
million of you that we're gonna start
reading off and thanking you guys thank
you so freakin much we can't even
believe it came actually really fast you
guys we're starting to tweet us that
we're getting close and I was just like
oh my god we really are so as soon as I
set the blog live all the comments were
like congrats on 4 million subs Congrats
on four I'm like what we're not even
close to that we freakin hit 14 somes on
this channel guys that's impossible I
also want to give a big THANK YOU to you
guys we hit 5 million subscribers
tonight on the vlog Channel just before
the New Year's
is amazing amazing what a good milestone
to hit right at New Year's we did it you
guys did it we broke six million
subscribers today I woke up to it was
such a nice wakeup and I really just
can't get over it's so awesome guys I
think the most craziest thing I need to
talk to you guys about is we hit 7
million subscribers on this channel and
I just need to thank you thank you and
thank you for that we just crossed 8
million in climbing honestly ridiculous
numbers man you guys have been blowin
this channel through the roof I'm just
watching this live count just scroll up
and up and up and it's all because you
guys always share and showing so much
love to these blogs these daily videos
almost daily almost every day we are
extremely distracted right now we really
can't do anything else because we're
watching this counter this is amazing
Betty are you ready it's about to happen
oh wait wait it's going back hang on
false alarm fall so here Lee 9 million
subscribers guys I know you're excited
bring it in
honey kiss me kiss me Kane Zeus 9
million dude oh my gosh guys look at
this this cannot be happening it is
going so fast dude watch this it's just
my gosh this this is absolutely
incredible guys of course by the time
you're watching this we are probably we
are over 10 million subscribers this was
supposed to happen days from now like
days the internet was saying the 20th of
November what's a day oh it's the 13
what Judaism
your anniversary we beat it no but I
thought it was impossible this is all
this is this is all happening without us
being aware this is insane we thought
honestly this was gonna happen like this
week like later this week so it's caught
us off-guard we don't know what to do
Brittany's making a little sign like I
would think that we have something huge
and big plan but we didn't think it was
gonna happen yet so we're just like
we're in like desperate mode wow that
was just at 7:00 I know it's going up
like a thousand every few minutes like
five minutes this is pretty cool this is
hourly today so at midnight 813 these
are subscribers every hour and they just
get bigger and bigger three thousand an
hour to four thousand an hour a little
bit of a drop and then back up to three
this is insane
I don't even know what to say or do I
feel like I could just bore you guys for
one hour and sit here and just thank you
for every single subscriber you guys are
just insane and we just we just you're
everything to us I don't even know what
to say I'm like speechless
I think you got it baby I think you got
it I'm just the more I sit here the more
I do here's the craziest part we we
wanted to plan something big for a
10-million we didn't think it would
happen yet at all so we don't have
anything planned in fact we're going out
tonight brittany and i and dale and his
wife carl and Tammy we're all going to
this is crazy I'm just gonna surprise
you I'm just gonna surprise you I love
the 90s tour that's what it's called I
love the 90s tour baby we're gonna go
meet him tonight what'd you see this
number what's it gonna happen is gonna
add on we're gonna get it you know
nobody's gonna add like another section
must what if it just goes to zero we
can't leave like we're supposed to leave
right now I can't leave into the nine
nine nine nine mode well geez here we go
look at that there we go we've got one
thousand left this is intense yeah dump
dump dump them dude I thought this was
gonna happen like next
the end of the week yeah we all caught
it even like the internet I came back oh
my gosh
here we go cane it's about the crossover
right now to 10 million my heart family
computers are gonna explode I want to
see what this does you too but I guess
is just gonna Oh we just did it like 10
million 100 good boy
give me five already
oh my our DNA 305 Ernest Haight's
dude this is insane Kane one day you are
gonna look back at this and be like we
had 10 million seriously speaking
subscribers look at us like a prank
pranking channel let me see let me see
where's this one I can't even believe
this so a lot of you probably don't even
know but we actually have another
channel that is also climbing to 10
million this is insane this this channel
so dusty and deserves some love I think
if they get the second channel to ten
million then you have to do a prank a
new prank yeah I'm retired I want to
alright we on the move we're gonna take
no over to my mom and dad's we're also
Dale his wife and kids are gonna be wait
what did I just say
you get your nails done for ten million
or anniversaries in two days baby is
that what you want let me get your nails
on I can do myself I just forgot dude
it's super moon that is the moon my
camera kind of sucks but that's the moon
right now bop bop bop bop ba ba ba ba ba
ba ba
Donna nice hair bro look at this
I haven't wore my hair like this for a
long time wow that's pretty we look like
brothers today hmm must be the biceps oh
yeah you can you see her guns what's up
pops
we did it we just did it what is that 10
million subscribers we just passed it
Reis absque ribe I think you were just
making accounts just hitting the couches
we didn't expect that to happen you know
for 10 mil we should have like a fancy
video plan and all this craziness and it
just happened we thought it was gonna be
days and days away the internet said xx
you guys know that so we're just we
still have to continue with you today
that we have planned so it's gonna be
fun
this is make sure you can see this one
keep it I know it's actually you're
making me home like I think yeah when I
yeah there's actually in one of the old
vlogs you can actually see you getting
peed on - you can't see the pee right
there that's a great photo oh I love you
buddy I'll be back to pick you up soon
alright see you guys love you love you
love you I have this off later what
you're coming yeah it is your shirts
amazing is okay so it starts as a sheet
of paper yeah start it starts these
directions on how to make paper
airplanes yeah and then yeah it is time
for I love the 90s tour imagine being
able to sell out a place like that
how many people you think fit in there
go get that mm we were coming out
tonight a lot of
maybe my younger viewers you guys may
not know who guys like Coolio and
Vanilla Ice are I hope you do Carl
damn you just flew in literally 45
minutes ago from China so you gotta be
like that's yeah that's a good nap good
you know it's kind of a long story but
Brittany and I saw Vanilla Ice at the
airport coming back from where we come
back home at Texas masa vania we saw
Vanilla Ice at the airport and we are
going to meet him tonight here should be
pretty awesome dude I love vanilla I
know I used to have a double-sided
cassette yeah what is that
let me see let me see backstage passes
Emily nice it's just a stick you slap it
on where's my laminate where's my
laminate I'm not sure how good this is
going to be during the show because the
bass in the concerts are always bad on
here oh boy
after the show we're going to go meet
the guys but now the eyes and Giulio and
all that so I bring you along as she
enters
parents you'll know these guys are the
younger singers on my bottom I can
finish the regular City Tennessee is
Monica
alright guys I'm backstage at the
Vanilla Ice Show check this out
yeah
that's it yeah
all right that was awesome super fun not
only we get to meet up but we did the
mannequin challenge you guys have been
requesting us to do that for awhile and
I just like last minute
I don't know somebody say we should do
it what's the damn Tammy gets all the
credit that is a wrap on the show try to
get out of here scooby-doo down here
we're the last ones here the parking lot
is empty it is cold baby what guys
is fun night it was cold right now it is
current day guys thank you for
absolutely everything 10 million members
of our family guys you are part in
massively a part of our family we should
all be working together every single day
to become more positive let's lift each
other up let let's lift each other up
let's do nothing but push each other
forward let's use our power for good
guys thank you for joining this family
thank you for following our every day
moves mostly every day working on that
we love yet we'll see you tomorrow you
are beautiful you are one of a kind
smile one you give us the words of
encouragement cook Coolio give them some
words of encouragement don't do stupid
will do stupid no Charlie Charlie
sensibilities in China you don't do
positive try to have like 85 jobs try to
be charlie trying to become an expert in
like ten things and you'll never be
broke I like that I like that last
question last question I already know
the answer but the hair is real and they
don't stop
