okay here we go
late start but work oh my gosh won't my
boy
oh hey show more house welcome to the
vlog guys welcome to our absolutely
destruction of a house did you do this I
know who did it mom all did it
you're gonna undo it what are you
cleaning oh my gosh the wrecking crew is
here we're getting a late start today
and I can explain I actually have a good
excuse today it's the vibes fault right
there got it all set up got some games
installed and I was glued to it and cane
was glued to it we had fun Italy we got
things to do it's a chocolate sword
she-she-she
hope you guys had an awesome Christmas
hope you're having an awesome day right
now we're just getting started once
again we are a little late it is almost
dark out I'm not gonna lie mama I can't
lie I had a great time off-camera today
I really did like I played games I hung
out with cane I sat on a chair that's
good yeah but I'm ready to go now I'm
ready smell good thank you are you
taking all this no I'm just gonna take
the carrots the apples oranges we're
going over to my brother's house
Brittany's taking her crazy juice
machine that I got it for Christmas and
we got vegetables we got fruits we got I
mean you can juice anything we could
juice ridiculous stuff and make like bad
juice yeah I don't know any my boots
sieving it through this house she we are
basically on recovery mode guys it's
gonna take a week to get this house back
in order did you charge it no this is
our old original hoverboard guys it has
been left out in the rain it's been
through thunderstorms it's been through
the winter and it still works you know
what you should do you should give
little Dale that you want to give it to
him kanan Noah got new ones for
Christmas because we didn't think that'd
work they dug it out of the garage and
it works Dale has been dying for once
we're gonna give that to him tonight
let's go mommy's hungry steaks yeah I
had her get steak for dinner what's for
dinner
steak mashed potatoes and brown what are
we eating steak no I'm asking like
what's for like what are we eating for
dinner hey when do when do we do away
with the gingerbread houses they're
still standing maybe we do some like
slow-mo destruction tonight even the
outhouse is still standing
oh my gosh it's a saddle for me so king
can ride on my back look it's pony up
daddy yeah who got that me yeah and then
she got me a back massage Richard so
that I can account for can rides on you
it's giddyup daddy and then back massage
we're gonna go to Dale's we've got
something absolutely ridiculous to do
there I'm gonna show you and then
Britney's just hungry we're gonna go eat
some good food so make some juices look
at that belly it's like you're pregnant
for a while before you actually pregnant
like she's been pregnant for how long
she hid her second trimester today which
means you're a third of the way got my
good shoes on tonight
see you guys it I'll wait till your duns
is they are still Christmas lights on
the limo still lit up three days now
over here
ah didn't even get you oh what the heck
you got basketball that's awesome
I know wait is this a real hourglass
yeah
what why are the sands of time
that's awesome I've never ever seen that
in my life
yeah that's like from Wizard of Oz go
Oh whoo this is awesome
oh there's one keep going keep going
oh nice three then Oh Daly come here I
don't like this that's for you
it's all yours George I charged it
actually Caine charged it for you
and there's the charger okay so all
yours dude you might have liked the
beastliest hoverboard of all time that
thing has been through everything still
works ever come pray for the big one
Oh 3:15 the weather is more than double
my swirl oh really 33 to 15 and there it
is I did I get you the Carson's GT cars
even lost one other time oh you run out
of gas you need more money
what's up doc
what's going in here whoa
Wow
I got Brita juicer for Christmas it
literally disturbs these things in this
liquid
Wow all the ways how did it take all the
juice out of that it's powder how yo I'm
a totally baffled right now how you just
you just do a carrot in there it blue
juice one direction and blue this in the
other direction do you like it
no it's carrots yeah we're gonna yeah
it's good Bugs Bunny
pound it pounds the whole stem and
everything yeah how do you clean that
thing
that is awesome all right guys we're
headed downstairs I gotta show you that
dude I don't know how you do it I just
don't know how you hey dude
glad you guys are getting use out of
that Thanks
so just in case you didn't see what my
brother's done he's put this actually he
made a whole video about this on his
youtube channel he's about to put me up
in this sandwich oh it's better than I
ever had it so maybe good this is what
Dale's done you may have never seen this
done you may never seen one of your
friends just hey I got a drum set let me
screw it to the ceiling of my basement
look at that it's it's actually a rare
Club to be in and upside down okay it's
got a V dude I don't know what the
official number is but I gotta say it's
got to be like one and five billion
maybe come around those odds and then
okay okay and then he's got a harness
that you strap in and then he's got an
electronic winch that pulls you up into
the seat turning over there boys the
important thing to remember is it is it
safe I didn't Bobby sure I'm sure it's
safe it could be safer why do you do
that that would've been way easier I
thought about it okay Britt here's the
harness you're just gonna put it on one
foot I'm right in and then funny okay so
I'm gonna get in this thing
Dan's gonna hoist me up really this is
safe Dale yeah harnesses don't put it on
your shoulders oh yeah we're gonna do
this one drives you yep in Dale's video
you can see like the straps were just
cutting into assures huh the next
morning a blood pressed out nicely
everywhere just thought fuck blood
what if they slip off any falls on his
head it's not gonna matter I'm gonna
shoot you in the face kids do not try
this at home let your brother do it
the last guy who did this yeah they're
saying he just learning how to talk
again which is a good
it feels great yeah using a roller
coaster yeah I didn't know that shopping
with the hoverboard
oh my could you imagine how fast you go
to the grocery store with the hoverboard
I shop it in it and that this things are
strong that push anything ya need that
yes how did you say I can do this safely
uh I didn't you know I took me a year to
figure out how I was going to do Ellen
ever he's in the neck brace for six
months yeah the chiropractor was pretty
upset wait what alright guys so here's
what's happening Dale's putting on these
ropes into these d-rings and then these
ropes get pulled up through the pulley
to the winch and that is that's a bus
all the way down this is pretty loose
down here you're like put me in that bus
safety bro I got it only a real brother
would do that for you and Damon plunge
doesn't bother me at all okay y'all so
excited to do this yeah this is kaizo
bad I was like you can't tell me dude
can you film it okay we're ready dad
just literally tie lifting them up oh my
god what was that oh my gosh
okay whoa Sun ball man
oh here's your six now okay step
Safety's on you've got to have more cow
it looks like a little red you know I
don't even know where I'm at right now
dude I'm served like off look at me oh
my gosh your face is so red we're
getting them down we're getting down
during a birth on this thing I don't I
don't think that's the way it works I
think gravity is supposed to help you
giving birth yeah
not the opposite Oh gravity on that one
still seriously I don't know how you did
it
you feel you feel great when you're done
now you hop it up you do you want to try
it but you'll never ever go upside down
ever again on a drum set no Tommy Tommy
Lee would be proud
Brett let's get you up there just move
the sticks a little bit and we're put in
some heavy mess she does have a baby in
her belly maybe we do it's funny I
always kind of considered myself in the
family to come up with like crazy ideas
maybe I just come up with a bad idea
cuz you definitely have like the better
ideas I guess actually a good idea I
have more time to let him brew Dale made
an entire epic video on this I'm gonna
link it in the top of my description go
give him some love he spent literally
months on like figuring out how to do
this and then his video got like the
least amount of users ever had SoCo show
him some love support him in his videos
it may be people just like saxophone
players more than go upside down sex
yeah it's a thing well I love it dude I
think it should be a permanent piece
never take it down hey I want to leave
it but I want to move it back I feel
like it it's taking that much real for
real action I'm sure it's so easy to
just move I know
to CDs all right guys it's movie night
Dale got this projection screen from you
guys got them all right that's right a
projector injector projector screen /
projector so it's movies family movie
time it's really loud in here so now you
put the lights on I'm not getting any
based working backhoe I left my hat cane
I love my head it is 64 degrees outside
60/40 is warm don't even need a coat I
don't know what's going on with Ohio
right now that's exactly Ohio it's the
perfect definition of Ohio snow in one
day warm the next hey guys come on come
on come on baby oh don't do this man
this is getting old guys flash flush you
didn't crown yourself tonight
you put a crown around yourself he was a
good boy look what I got back from
Dale's guys boom
in the Fox no Jim not why azumed in
thanks for hanging out with us today
guys that's pretty much gonna do it I'm
gonna sit here edit my vlog Kane's gonna
play some VR and hope you guys had an
amazing weekend thanks for being a part
a massive part of my family we love you
so much it's crazy to think that this
this time all that dog stinks whoo it's
crazy thing at this time next year we'll
have a little baby at word running
around not running around probably not
even sitting up it'll be just like a
little tiny baby we love you guys so
much thank you for all the support and
love as always the shares the likes
everything you're here and we love you
keep your head up keep me in positive
just know that we're all going through
so much bull crap every single day don't
let it outweigh the positive in your
life don't let it block how great your
life really is we love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
