and Christmas Merry Christmas Zeus
very Merry Christmas guys
flashes first Christmas come on you want
your stocking so you got some for me in
there thank you sir it's almost the same
the kids going crazy the adults like
yeah welcome to the vlog guys Merry
Christmas good morning class what's up
dude let's eat for a split second I got
you he's our dad take it off
oh you look awesome flash don't let
nobody tell you don't hook up what a
good boy
money soap you use the soap until you
get the money there's real money inside
that's really it smells really good girl
do you guys remember where we tape the
floor into a racetrack we'll look at
this tape is racetrack I feel he picked
it out number one mom we got water
gloves guys look at these gloves they
make your hands like a like Aquaman
gloves pink old band-aids flashes like I
don't know what day this is but I like
it a lot mommy got me a tape measure but
it's digital he's like I don't care this
is to Daddy from your wallet and keys
but I even know my wallet he's shot kids
face keys but do you know my wallet he's
shot let you put that on anything that
you might lose yeah that's really cool I
put it in your backpack and I always
know yet what is it you've got that look
like I don't want to finish opening it
the boxes I had to put it in the box oh
it's not whatever the box is isn't
what's actually in it because it I
couldn't wrap it oh that's awfully nice
no Akane uh grandma sue helped me pick
that out with you for you it tell no
those are from you you picked these out
package Oh
oh yeah it's so cool it makes you cool
Oh what are you doing your job cane so
well met awesome oh good gift game huh
it's a bee actually that is amazing okay
this is my handyman this is my handyman
which am I your hand yes apparently he's
got a hot girlfriend hot money may not
notice when a girl's pregnant she's hot
like she produces heat like like warm no
I know what she's gonna know it ah
down in bed at night knowing no he turns
it up to like 75 and then I'm in there
sweating 75 carried away I get a little
carried away oh my gosh you got your own
Lego Airport
it's always so see they're gonna go hide
or hug hug or hide it's a new game
last night I was thinking I wish I had a
mini-fridge silent now you never have to
come out okay these are flash and Zeus
member he's still rocking the Santa hat
Scooby Snacks
it is like an intense Hot Wheels city
track ramp here mommy you open actually
you wouldn't know it looks like you have
one to open them up those hoverboards
yeah birds are sweet I think you can it
doesn't have the waffle plate down it
opens give us sandwiches right yeah
smashing burritos
yeah looks legit it's pretty legit looks
like some brain Buster's puzzles Matt
it's a map
so you scrapped off wherever you've been
what I love it menu Tupperware why would
she get me Tupperware you have to rip it
open fast it's the golden package it's
the vibe wait that's all
looks like the computer to run the vibe
I think I'm more excited than you guys
love the vibes amazing this one for
Britt here open this and then I'll do
that what is it
your face is like it's extra special it
could it could be a special gift looks
like junk wait seriously
maybe no it's like the nicest watch ever
that mommy will ever own with all my
goodness oh I see it let me see the
first ever in this home and probably the
Atwood family a Rolex oh my god it's so
pretty
that was so hard to get I cannot like
I'm like this would be in the last thing
I guess you would have got me um I'm
gonna go have it fitted today so I'm
stickin it later put it on see okay
what's in this giant box that I haven't
been out of see you got the mini fridge
I got the full-sized fridge maybe it's a
safe oh it looks like a garage fridge
you know the ones that open this way
what do you think of that I am in shock
like you didn't think I was getting you
a Christmas present no you didn't go to
this I played it off for two weeks that
I wasn't sure if I got her anything for
Christmas and I've had it the whole time
I'm gonna cut this Dan to find out no
pull this off yeah pull it in pull
precision instrument was a sniper it was
a sniper tank look uh right over there
oh no right here we're flashes with
flashes but the world's best massages
what yeah it's uh it's like a legit
massage sure that is insane oh yeah the
other night when I was giving your
massage yeah I looked at my mouths like
oh I can't wait for this Oh
manse what I'll just lay here and it
just does it I'm so excited I can just
feel that's why I said you can wait to
edit til today cuz you can sit in this
oh but I did it and I said that
treadmill needs moved on I can edit
today's vlog on my chair oh my gosh
thank you no I don't know how excited to
because I've never I don't think I've
ever sat in a precision instrument it's
like the best it's the best friend I did
all the research yeah but the last thing
in the world probably I would expect to
open this morning was a message sir very
Christmas America's look at you oh yeah
hey pops come on get up hi guys look at
you smart boy no
he's mister hoverboard right now yeah
yeah yeah that's it no let's put them
together like this oh you just can't
figure out put them back yeah this one
like doesn't that's all man that's a
back massager you like rub it oh yeah if
you guys watch yesterday's vlog and new
video slash pranks some things prank
some I don't think it's a prank however
I'm hurting I am so tired I figured I
would come change I've been in this
outfit for days like literally on a mess
I'm a wreck
I'm gonna get dressed continue our
wonderful Christmas family's about to
get your mom and dad just got here my
brother and his kids are about to get
here and as of now they still have no
idea that I was ever there last night
the kids never see me ever we either
have to come out and say uncle Roman got
you last night or it's try to keep this
a secret I don't know what to do
obviously they're gonna see the video
eventually or this vlog or that vlog and
Merry Christmas guys we freaking love
you I'm going to get dressed real quick
and head out have some fun forgive me
for my entered my lack of energy and uh
yeah all right show me because you need
more power on your hoverboards so show
me show me moat full speed now okay whoa
look at it Wow cane just so much faster
made him go boy look you didn't take off
what's up guys Merry Christmas buddy
yeah dude Merry Christmas hohoho did you
last your reindeer dad my dad's been
last wing everybody and now we got the
doggy here you stuck flash Oh in the
trap so my mom made these crazy uh
they're deep-fried mashed potatoes and
then in the middle of them is gravy just
like mashed potatoes and gravy oh how do
you throw it baby in there I don't know
be freezin come on Whizzer see freeze a
bowl of gravy
- potatoes put around them mashed
potatoes and then flour it eget powdered
it and bright alright how about this
I'll simplify it we go back to the
bakeries the jelly donuts you make the
ball and they just inject Raving yeah
you could just inject it yeah but how
would you hollow out the gravy I don't
know the pressure of the Grady going in
no ex fans all I think of a Zoolander
you look up looking for flash Marvin
look how big our kids are getting like
look at this there might be kids anymore
you got the boys birdhouses mailboxes
mailboxes ready dad go for the treasure
chest
whoa they got your names on them oh that
is sweet
look at the egg oh my god holy smokes
are full of goodies a drink and burn
canes had Christmas overload all right
Noah and Dale have been working on
getting the vibe set up which I could be
more excited than anybody else to get
that thing oh is that dad set a spear
yeah else do you get a spear oh maybe
yes Wow
it's a pole vault yeah or a pool cue or
the things you hit use doused a joust
old fishing rod it is a you know what my
family all of us we all agreed to go
right this year I went right
yeah wait wise
should have been having then it's been a
very good year for the outward family we
have lots of sacrifice Evan made time
has been spent we have done a lot so we
like to kinda spoil each other with
gifts yes
gifts and love and hugs and tickles it's
not barking so that's good no I wouldn't
do that to you
but bird cage with a new parakeet okay I
might actually like that
okay so Dale brings in this giant box it
took me nine months to teach him to go
smile more ah
we need a smile more bird our imagine
like an African Gray in the smile more
store smile more and they got to take
care of it they clean the cage what it
bother that was your mom or this is mine
yep I know chase these in the Hawaiian
Islands yeah boogie boardin with the
mention boogie board in my toes I can
imagine out there I can't see us there
yet whoo you know I got a problem with
my eyes but you can't sit there
there you got your BBA dude he wanted
that so bad oh you got Fido the fetching
monkey okay I'm a little confused right
now his Dale just handed me this box and
I'm not kidding said every single gift
is mine everything who wrapped all this
I watched a complete movie wrap it all
oh my god you know I always have the
best brother in the world but who does
this week it ain't about the gifts
though you spent two hours wrapping all
of this all over the for our movies
that's so forth
it was a trilogy all three all right I'm
just gonna start opening these and I
have no idea what to expect
I mean they're all different they all
way different though
yeah I'm gonna need some help what is
that for your head head massager take
off your ass
I just need it sure you hang on I got to
show you the first gift that I opened
from Dale and it's safety first and a
head massager did she just go crazy on
Amazon oh no no no okay ready
yeah all right I don't like that oh the
brain tickler with it oh that's nice
guys I think I know what's going on here
Dale has basically bought in everything
he needs at my house you're bad he's
he's basically had bought us everything
we need for the house there's no way I
could not even tell her about the
blanket awesome I told her there's only
one in the world kind of Oh dad you're
really pretty let's see that gold can
you scare me baby
that's a 308 are you kidding me hmm
that's just plain bad that thing whoa
look at that red white and blue
that is bad the bone really look at all
that and that awesome dude I just felt
so in love with it looks like one of a
car Hey pretty much is it matches by oh
yeah see y'all on the Ranger that been
there that is an animal f1f1 farms baby
the best for the best rock you know kind
of matches the vet the American vet
let's get a rear window mount for this
thing in the bed now right on the hood
the purge gun right there I like how
this is smooth they put this right in
the good right I ordered that shirt
first yeah and did you know that was
coming
no not a possible yeah I'd even by
chance know what is oh snap wait does it
have the sole on it I love it now we can
put all this in it and now you know
where to get everything when you come
over to work you know what look at me
it changes your whole look all right but
hold on stand up always wonder woman's
gotta have a wet Wonder Woman catch on
it's Wonder weapon Wonder Woman's not
completely that face again
buddy I'm going up we're gonna install
the first sensor this is pretty
complicated so yeah up there okay for
male believe it out there it's tough
work man
my sensors are very hard
get it on it honestly looks like okay
from the last clip to this clip it's
probably been one an hour and a half
probably maybe an hour and a half it
looks like I've been rolled down a cliff
I get I look like it's been quite the
Christmas so we ripped the big box open
which was this insane Cadillac Mercedes
Bentley Rolls Royce massage chair I
don't know if you guys have ever seen
anything like this I'm sure you have but
it is like freakin next level it's like
a spaceship like you climb in look at
this remote you push this you go to
Jupiter you push this you go to Mars you
push this you go the moon where do you
want to go it is insane everything wraps
around you all of this stuff closes on
you and you just disappear really
amazing when I just stare at the fish
tank
Oh Brit you did so good this is my after
edit chair right here wake up I know the
family is gone I gotta say this is the
most insane Christmas of my entire life
I've never seen anything like this the
family agreed even go light and I think
we all took it as a no we're but it
didn't happen like I just can't explain
it guys it's not normally like this we
just all spoiled each other this year I
mean from everyone every single one of
our family members we just crazy so
blessed Deb everyone in my life that
being said guys that was our Xmas we
never left the house we uh family came
here which was absolutely amazing and
that's it now it's just time to play
with toys get some sleep
edit the vlog and call it a day I love
you guys so much tell me in the comments
today what is the coolest thing what's
the favorite thing you got for Christmas
I love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
