guys it's currently Christmas Day 1:00
in the morning we are about to wake up
my brother's kids and tell them that we
caught Santa Claus I mean I am gonna
catch Santa Claus and set up like what
1012 go post yeah my kids are going to
be stoked it's gonna be it's gonna be
quite the sight i Christmas guys let's
go oh
here we go hey Dale
I just heard bells downstairs Connor
Connor
I just heard channel bells downstairs no
joke we caught Siena we got Santa Claus
no joke
come here oh no this I'm serious I
caught him with a rope
oh all right how you doing huh so they
called me man eat your cookies you know
that look we we caught him what are we
gonna ask him all these questions they
don't have a chimney well come here I
got the answer for that you see this you
see these keys that's what those are for
you don't have a chimney these fit all
the doors see those those magic keys you
asking about us my dear lady mrs. Claus
are you scared yeah I really know you
may never get to shake his hand ever
again you wanna shake Santa causes him
No how long does it take for him to get
around the world and one night one night
how you doing I got a magic sleigh a
mirror that's up that song says in a
magic sleigh I got a magic sleigh a
magic bag never Tommy answer that bag it
fills back up with toys you know what my
favorite book is yeah
the night before Christmas it just read
that tonight yeah it does it read that
one
wow that great huh so are we ready to go
back to bed yeah we ready to go back to
bed
fine and Merry Christmas to you that was
amazing
come on Connor let's go untie him what's
going time I don't hear anything
Nick he's
