look at the blocks of ice that's blocks
of ice dude there's a polar bear coming
down this river are you thinking right
now what's going through your head right
now I just said do you want to go to
this store and he said no shortcut
hey guys welcome to the vlog hope you're
having a great day everybody's kind of
lounging hanging out eating bagels and
breaking hats hey thanks so much for my
hat today you have anything to do with
this flash do you have anything to do
with this
nobody Hannah you see you did this mommy
who did it who did it to my hat Cora
Cora look at you lifting up it seems
like every day I get up I wake up my hat
is found similar to this every day
smashed mashed crushed you name it you
guys know what's up over there look at
him again I'm totally guilty faces right
there anyway guys welcome we are this is
a current date vlog yesterday was Sunday
we took it very easy we did some trail
riding we just hung out as a family and
I didn't film any of it seems to be a
traditional lately on Sundays where we
kind of just take it easy off camera
wait I didn't film yesterday no it's
like one clip in the little river baby
you won't say hi she ignoring the camera
today
oh hey mommy got tricky with this to get
you to look yeah so lately Sunday what
we did you're pretty hard this week and
Sunday we just it's kind of our rest day
it's our relaxed day it's our off-camera
day it doesn't have to be I just I think
the last three Sundays we haven't filmed
I have a phone I can't blame it on the
family it's me it's me yeah yeah what
what's on it you know what I know are
you singing what is this you cook
breakfast sips oh my okay all right
what's in this plate what is that
Saturday I told you guys that we were
going to lose our snow and we were
really just using it as much as possible
and well unfortunately I was right look
at this it is just about completely gone
just a little left in the bat and it's
super warm out like I'm in a t-shirt
company well you can still see our
circle even though it's melted look at
that that is cool man that disc blog was
phase one of my favor
I really like that a lot she's the sea
monster from Pirates of the Caribbean
cores not crawling yeah she can't crawl
yeah she doesn't move she scoots
backwards a little bit but she might do
it right now actually get that thing
away from me
no she should do right now because last
uh last Sunday I keep saying sunny cause
it's Sunday for us our last Monday vlog
was a current day vlog from our previous
Sunday and I didn't do the push-up
challenge I completely forgot so I
should do it right now knock it out
we're at 26 today cord you wanna do 26
push-ups with me uh-huh can't wait till
she talks to me I'm always talking to
myself really okay do you want to do all
you can't do them you can't do 26 I'll
do it
get it two three
you think she's got it you think she can
do that she's doing oh no no no no get
out of here
no don't you hit me huh yeah thought you
could do five without doing it
underneath look at this dog six five six
you got this come on you got a crowd
cores rooting for you Oh mommy
all right cumin though I'm not in the
mood you gotta be in the mood but I
gotta just do it I gotta just do it you
guys got to do it with me King where you
going
I'm talking to myself all day nobody
Risa I asked everybody saw nothing
nothing's ever replied to me it's just
me yeah if you love me you do pushups
with me you do push-ups uh Mon Mon 26
today right I think yesterday was 26
well that's today we didn't do yeah we
didn't do it yesterday all right guys
this is the motivational time this is
the time we don't want to do something
but we've got to just do it
do it with me do what you can you can
stop you can pause you can do five you
can do one just do them all right 26:26
is tough for me cause it's like what's
glad it's tough for me say root amon
korra Go Daddy go cold I've had nothing
no stretching nothing and you got yes I
here we go you gotta count for me
counsel me okay okay one two three four
five
six seven eight nine 10 11 12 13 14 16
17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 35 how many do
you guys do how many did you do yeah I
know looked I think she's taking she's
taking lessons like okay see you lift up
and then what oh no how long we'll do
the push-up things it is getting hard
for him not gonna lie like but I do
without pausing I guess I could start
pausing you go further what 26 is too
much yeah but you were killing it there
for a long time either way I hope it
motivates you I know a lot of you really
liked it some of you price get past it
but maybe I do hope it does motivate
some of you you you don't have to do
pushups just do anything that you can do
and just add one a day that's what we do
we add wanted a yes see if everybody's
working in there make sure it was fine
on our fine on our own boys all right
okay all these going out today you guys
are hustling in here hustling hustling
Andrew to say it you're hustling I've
been filming a very long time before
YouTube before you know all of this I've
been filming everything my life like for
years and years and years and years
since I was a little kid I've been
trying to film so I have these crates of
tapes they're called mini DV tapes these
were kind of my order tapes and I have
no way to plan I have no way to show you
guys what's on all these tapes so I was
like I'm gonna order a deck one of these
I got a very professional JVC like mini
DV debt and I was like this is gonna be
so fun cuz I can include all this old
footage in these vlogs and kind of
digitize my my own past what buddy all
right I'll see inside so I order this
thing and I'm like all this thing's this
is pro this is this is what the pros use
it doesn't even do the tapes I have it
does standard deviant all my stuff's HD
so I'm super super bummed I mean what
you think this does it all doesn't that
say HD like just look at the colors
that's HD colors right there does it do
it do it I bought it for nothing
put it back on you know I'm sure I have
DV tapes that aren't I'll figure out a
way to get them on here there's some
cool stuff hey what if we did a Wonka
like golden tickets and our orders five
of them and five of our viewers get to
come to the small more store that's cool
right you got the golden ticket Wonka
y'all really wanna go we yeah didn't
know that they'd come to work you're not
coming to hang out like they work the
smile more golden tickets we put five
all over the world all over nothing
against Cordia coming oh yeah no cuz you
never showed the ticket never show it so
you can't fake it
yeah we're gonna have to make the store
a lot cooler though like special
doorways and elevators that fly I have
to come out with the cane dad hats dad
hats
you're gonna moves do he's got that
moves how many's the hoodies wait I love
those ones I'm not ordering them again
what's it seriously been Gambhir boabeng
game burble no stop I know the hats or
the big one case you guys don't know we
ran last week we ran hats
$10 on the website all the dad hats all
the different dad hats the pink smile
more in the camo small more hats all ten
dollars there are some left so if you
want a hat they're 10 bucks like now's
the time to get a hat once we sell these
are going back to full price we're just
gonna blow these all out and then get
new hats all kinds of new hat cool hat
so they sent me I just saw this I've
never had that one Mustang 30 miles per
hour Mustang oh my gosh so we got a bit
of real life that we got to take care of
today Korra's like doctor's appointment
just for checkups things you got to do
with babies you know they got to be
checked out make sure that they're
they're developing properly and it's
kind of you know the parenting stuff but
you got to do with with having children
you know you
gonna break her horse gonna be like
state really got me a Mustang might go
look it's outside oh that's so mean
Britney has something for you her own
horse arena alright take it back take it
back take it back she don't want it
that's what you wanted forever I don't
have a lot of like a like a it is kind
of a horse isn't it what kind of vehicle
you think a Mustang is it a Shelby that
you wanted he goes Bryan we in the
middle of a blood bronze my new
assistant yeah no it's bigger just
hanging out hanging on Poor's wait for
pool season huh
yeah these guys I'm telling you man we
got a little baby zoo up in here we got
to go so that I can actually start
today's vlog - - today - day - a day -
two vlogs today man Pet me hope you guys
are having an awesome day thanks for
hanging out with this little current day
little what we call these current seed a
seed a vlogs Street Keepers hello vlogs
just saying hey vlog we love you guys so
much we appreciate you and we are
blessed to have each and every one of
you part of this channel and our family
and our daily life thank you for helping
me keep the street going thanks for
helping me do the push-ups you guys
motivate me so so much we will see you
tomorrow let's keep it going and pay
these I hate this don't you offer for
you nobody wants to get the hot tub
change once they get not you see you
guys tomorrow thank you so much for
everything we love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
mom
you
