hey guys welcome to the vlog we're
getting started off here with a with a
speeding ticket I was speeding
I was I was 82 all right
I was speeding I saw it give a scar too
well that's a really good question
okay well such again
yeah I saw it with that but all right
here's the deal I've had the car for two
years the gt-r for two years has it been
that long anyway I've had the GTR for
long enough that I just got my first
speeding so I'm almost 100% he's gonna
give me a ticket I was going 82 I was
speeding at least I wasn't like flying I
could have got a way worse ticket the
officers cool super nice guy but you
know I was I was speeding I can't argue
it I can't I can't even pretend like I
wasn't moving on guys moving on it
happens it's part of life you speed in
trouble alright not exactly how I wanted
to start my day I was actually going to
get something nice for Brittany she has
been just killing it and working hard
and I gotta get off this highway I'll
talk to you a second officer was super
cool I didn't know my tags are expired
guys what a dumb freaking mistake
expired in September Annika what he
didn't even write me a ticket for that
he just told me to go get him fixed so
that was huge props to them I feel your
pain girl
I feel your pain okay so I had a few
errands to run today one should have
been getting tags for my car which I
didn't even know that they were expired
that sucks dude anyway on the way home I
want to get Brittany something nice and
unexpected because she'll never expect
this right now
oh boy decisions decisions I myself love
flowers too
flowers today and she's
working so hard she's so tired from the
pregnant
she deserves a little something smells
good these
just be nice right for a girl like for a
girlfriend she'd like that right oh god
am I gonna be a get home yep they'll be
in this Packer so it'll sit just on your
floorboard you'll be fine
awesome yeah sometimes it's the little
things that count guys little flowers
when they least expect it don't wait for
Valentine's Day to get the flowers don't
wait for a birthday don't wait for your
anniversary just go on a little
something even if it's one flower I'm
actually a sucker for flowers I love
having fresh flowers in the house like I
truly do like flowers in the house so it
works it works for me too
Brittany has absolutely been crushing it
guys in so many ways she has she has
done more than any I can ever put on
camera she works full-time with the
small more store she runs all of it she
deals with everything she does all the
employees she does management she she
does it all this morning Brittany did an
entire like CPR class with all the girls
from small more ever all the employees
didn't like a fire safety class that
came to the house here's a here's a
quick clip of that good morning guys
I wanted to bring you with me we're
doing the girls and I in a store doing
CPR training first day training and fire
extinguisher training and this is pretty
cool so I'm gonna bring you a lot I
don't want to burn myself
like wire
Oh flash yes fuzzy all right all right
let go
so yeah beyond the love I can give
Britney every once in a while I love to
give her a little gift that's completely
unexpected something she never expects
it and you just get to see such a a real
smile a real happiness
hey dude doesn't my boy just came right
into me mom you got goldfish mmm
you miss me I missed you well snuggle
bunny hey beautiful I got you something
yeah speeding ticket oh it's an
insurance card to Don probably and my
tags are expired I got you something
else
oh I knew that would make your day I
really did some flowers but believe it
or not I got him after my little buddies
ready to hang out hey dude dude I was
kidding you don't have to sweep the dirt
off the I was planning to anyway I mean
it's nice thank you it's amazing garage
looks great how long you been working
out here
hmm hour and 15 trying to get that bonus
the bonus bucks that fifteen minutes
would if you watched yesterday's ball
you know notice trying to work work work
he's trying to earn a little money to
buy his own computer his own desktop
computer groans looks great man keep it
up hold out your hand
come on ya hyenas what's uh uh uh I'm
getting back to the house just in time
for us to leave again we're going to
Brittany's first doctor's appointment
pretty much well it's I mean checking on
baby
it has to do with the baby that's what
I'm saying it has to do it where we're
getting birth
yeah yeah whoo
swing it boys swing it swing it boys
swing it Gulliver huh oh if he pooped it
out to be an ER fart he got his slobber
all over your head yeah these guys are
going over to my brother Dale's for a
little bit probably play the vibe have
fun Burke's reality outside plan you
name it they're gonna do it we gotta go
now
I truly did not know you could do that
so you could have your screen on there
see by the way have you told them what
why I'm wearing this Apple watch
why because it's your old ones I know no
I don't think Noah's got my leper watch
I'm glad it's getting used cuz I don't
use it okay so you could set up your
camera mm-hmm you could set up your
phone discreetly right and then you
could be over anywhere see that's us to
take and take a picture focus it that is
oxy now I want to wear my watch well I
think our beautiful perfect weather is
coming to an end guys it's getting
cooler it's rainy today and now this
getting dark stuffer is terrible I can't
stand it I like more daylight another
how you feeling today
that's because I'm around so we're going
up right now and talk about even though
we're early stages we're going to talk
about you know where we're having this
baby that's the whole like thing right
now where it's gonna be and how all
that's gonna work so not sure how much
of that I'm gonna film but I'll
definitely let you guys know all those
details later I'm very very very into
considering a woman that's insane
Thanks Brittany wants to have a home
birth and what that means is that you
have the baby at your home and that's
the you know everybody comes to your
house and delivers the baby you had to
me yeah you have midwives there that
have delivered many many babies like
I've done it hundreds
I've already had a baby naturally so I
know I'm capable of doing it she did
have K naturally should have to have
surgeries and anything like that she had
the baby naturally which is amazing
super blessing uh let me ask you
something if for some reason my leg just
got cut off would you take me the
hospital would you just call somebody no
what
they did home births for years and years
and years and years how about like in
the woods how about we do like the woods
birth your baby in the words like a
natural natural setting maybe up on a
mountain a cliff a stream by the river
at the end of the day I'm gonna support
you on whatever you want to do so I'm
sure a lot of you guys are watching and
you're going home birth what in the heck
is you go to the hospital have a baby
that's that's the only option right it's
not the only option there's actually a
lot of options to have a baby Brittney
is really leaning towards a home bro so
we're gonna go look into all the options
I have a million questions I'm more of a
fan of going to the hospital because
everything's there that you need to have
that baby safe and for Brittney to be
safe that's my home concern that's the
only concern Brittany is Brittany's
convinced that you can do that at home
and a lot of people do it I know people
that have had their babies out so we're
gonna go and figure that stuff out a lot
of your family has had all their babies
I know but it freaks me out
there's nothing wrong with being freaked
out about that it's a baby come on this
world if we had birthing centers around
us then you can go to a birthing center
we're having in the woods giving birth
in the woods
baby baby in the woods so over the next
eight seven eight months we'll be
bringing you along on this process and
making our decisions and figuring out
what's best for the baby and for
Brittany and that's the only real goal
with all of it so let's let's go what is
it dude you're gonna be a dad there's
some books right here where these babies
eatin right here is this a melon or
orange we are kind of jumping around a
little bit tonight we went to the
meetings and when even when we had Keene
we had a team of people and I think
that's why our pregnancy went so well so
we met with that same team it was just
very intimate and private and quiet it
was just like the most awkward place to
pull out a camera honestly like I
couldn't I couldn't do it so we're
skipping past that meeting and
everything went great and everything's
awesome and so as things we wanna as we
get closer we're still early in all this
so you know you're gonna hear us talking
about our pregnancy constantly because
we're so excited about it it's it's
bringing new life into this world it's
just it's crazy and it's it's difficult
it's it's insane to think about do they
even make tea papi teapot this is so
exciting right now can you believe it
better people whoo you gonna make the
best tea I know you are I know you are
hey Hoss the bait Britt bait basically
has had to quit like doing the normal
thing like she don't drink caffeine no
pablor you know like it's all weird
stuff Sonesta drinking natural things
like teas and so now you're excited yeah
I want to say one more thing the lady
that was booking our appointment she
sent her yes she called the baby of her
yeah
she'll be about 11 weeks
we're trying to read signs like it's
gonna be a boy is it going to be a girl
we have no idea at all and it's just
funny that the receptionist set her
except the baby wasn't her it was just I
don't know I just caught us both on
guard now this is real Ohio baby hey
flash how you doing buddy come here
they'll even talk back even worse just
four foot to this side you have one bone
and two bone that you like so much
so what is this little Matt Matt Oh
manatee you put your tea in there yeah
so if you have just raw tea it's a
pregnancy blend it says green magic it
actually says pregnancy tea so you put
this on there and then you dip that in
your tea your water and he hangs onto
the cup yeah I'm gonna go get notes bed
and Keynes already like like Adam I'm
coming up here he's not feeling that
good which is not good at all
hello bunny it's time to sing oh oh well
I'm so strong I don't know if you
noticed but I'm a pretty tough guy yeah
belt that you have a good day oh oh I'd
have a good night
right here no as such it what do you
mean you set a world record watch a
video at the end only because Dale told
us that's right our night is gone it we
kind of jumped around a little bit today
our nights coming to an end it's already
late
I'm exhausted tonight man what can I say
what can I say
what is on my foot what is that what is
it oh it's more like yesterday's vlog
you threw something down as well like
quenette something on you just threw on
the ground I did yeah I watched the ball
game watching
love you man ah oh you damn Don me sleep
perfect I love you more than anything
see you tomorrow you just let the
manatee do his job
that is so funny and any hangs on I
think we're just gonna end it there
err I don't really know what I found
today I can keep trying out real tired
when I got home I laid down with Kane he
doesn't feel a good was that maybe
that's what I'm smelling
ooh you need to put on your hat and
you're just clipped me like stir up
stirring so guys we love you so much
thanks for hanging out with us today and
being so supportive I see you sharing
the vlogs like I see it I see it it is
um just amazing I don't think we're
going to hit it by our anniversary but I
see you guys trying to get us there
thank you so much even if we don't thank
you so friggin much we are what seven
days away from our anniversary since
tomorrow same I will be yeah seven is
right how do I go from 8 to 6 so thank
you guys so much we're so close to 10
million
we're ways like you know 15 days away or
something like that so we love you thank
you we couldn't do it without you you
are everything you're beautiful you are
one of a kind smile more
you
