welcome to the vlog
Merry Christmas it's Christmas mama Oh
merry Gretz Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas cane dude it's awesome
Merry Christmas Noah it's not Christmas
what what you say Christmas
it is Christmas it is Christmas if it's
not Christmas y'see got you got that for
Christmas let me see that
yeah oh you got to pick it out the other
ones were girl shirts and good changing
the subject
it is Christmas if it's not Christmas
and what's that all right come here I'll
show you
it's either Christmas or Christmas came
early check it out guys what do you
think oh it's so clean bacon I already
bought you Christmas what you know
yourself something for Christmas every
year and you still bar my gifts well
next year how many of you already know
what I'm about to show you without me
even showing it three - I've been
wanting this for a very long time I
hinted it yesterday in the vlog one we
got the skid-steer guys this thing is an
absolute beast
what do you think awesome so clean it's
not going to be clean for long then they
don't stay clean look how nice it is we
are ready to build destroy you name it
we're gonna do it we're gonna make so
much cool stuff with the same maybe it
does it this way so it's safe to say
that christmas came early they delivered
it this morning to the house and thank
goodness it i no idea how I would get
that home even with the trailer I think
my truck would just be like squatting
I smell major Zeus deuce honey you know
what Dale said we should do well you
said it wasn't Christmas so you gotta
wait till Christmas to get it okay you
know what Dale said to do he said we
should have somebody I don't know how we
do it but come out and like custom paint
at smile more
it's the smile more machines magnets Oh
magnet would be cool stickers be cool
too but how about like a custom paint
job like a military camouflage smile
more
do you haven't even take the plastic off
50 don't you dare take that plastic off
SC you know how I help ya air suspension
last time she got this thing she ran
over the swing set no no honey all will
the rental how do I Drive it okay turn
the key just hold the key until starts
okay now you see the little pee-pee
button yeah everybody get back
Brittany's driving get that go in the
house everybody back back back was she
doing no eat the calls we all what are
you doing oh she's so funny so funny oh
oh my god put the barrel down oh my gosh
oh yeah bread she has no idea what she's
doing
oh my gosh dude but firewood right I
guess
you know you know you don't need any
more firewood I figured I else move the
things that could go yeah more things
move to the trash can
destroying everything early christmas
has arrived
I'm so excited never been so excited for
a piece of equipment like this this is
something that's like this almost feels
like a new member of our family like not
just but for you guys because the things
we're gonna do with it is ridiculous you
want to name it nice we miss Kat tanky
tank ster Christmas is getting here
everybody's getting in that holiday mood
in fact what are you cooking over here
what is this can I open it I did the
same thing to you okay open it what is
that
what do you do with that oh okay so
tonight
today this evening is our small more
company Christmas party and he's making
him yeah okay so it's an ugly sweater
party I didn't have time to got mine on
well we know I like it too thanks buddy
thank you buddy so I have an idea okay
cuz you don't have an ugly sweater I
feel like I gotta have something maybe
don't misspell it what do you you just
want me to write ugly yeah with this
yeah okay
No
I know what you're thinking right now
that is professional
do that make it a little darker yeah I
just get an outline okay okay how's that
yeah uh it was awesome
I'm gonna take wrapping paper can tape
it to my sweatshirt like straight
squares well I think this my heart says
Merry Christmas I'm gonna cut it out oh
cool what am I gonna wear what do I wear
guys I have no idea I can't believe that
on the Christmas suit Oh what about my
Christmas suit from gosh do I have it's
actually a really good idea to tape you
got colorful wrapping I think we should
change it to cool it's just cool it's
not ugly it's great I love it ah what do
you think game it's a pretty cool
sweater yeah it is our for this will be
our first ever smile more Christmas
party sweater
we are totally outnumbered girls versus
guys did Wow I like it I like so who's
got the worst sweater Oh Brittany yo
this is my favorite cheesecake okay
cuz she saw the number she said all
right so everybody takes a number what's
your number Oh the number matter yes
Caleb you don't get a number oh that's a
pretty good number oh that's the best
number okay so that means she has to go
first what that's not a bet what what's
our number my dad oh okay number one go
pick your gift she gets number one so
she gets to take her first picket any of
the gifts she wants is a smile more get
it that's not from us by the way
laughter in mahogany too I wanted that
one honey you took that out of my house
and wrapped it i sleeping
somebody might begin Applebee's gift
card in their order tough decisions
tough decisions it looks fun I'd go at
that one too yeah
scarfs what is this game called white
elephant gift you get from like yeah
okay or steal from the 130th yeah that
means that she gets a tooth another gift
from the pot it's so complicated
okay number three three is a so
technically she could steal your gift
you're good okay
she's hunting she's hunting okay all
right what is this guy
possum I've seen that a pop popcorn
popper I think you guys comment like
this I don't like it
butter melts over the pot I'm really it
does it all come on Charlie let's see
that gold all the girls
Oh get away from me get away you really
want that that man you're gonna steal my
popcorn open the big one cuz the other
little ones romaso ain't even the big
blue this house we believe this is
Justin Bieber thing that's super cute I
like it okay let's do a couple fun facts
fun facts about the smile more store
last time this year this building didn't
even exist
no this building wasn't here so this is
all from this year and who's been with
us the longest right now um Dan she's
not here Veronica's actually been with
us the longest yeah yeah and then and
the ends not here Nicole and then Kayla
would be the longest and then Emily
who's been here the least amount of time
yes
welcome to the club Christmas party's
over we had it absolute blast we're
riding some dirt bikes on four-wheelers
goofing off do five boom
oh are you done okay
I can honestly say I never thought ever
that we would need more space like we're
out of space like the the even our
building we just built this year it's
already full like inventories for
everything's full no super crazy this
thing has a camera like you can see me
like all behind you as a like a car
camera look how cool that is dude that's
pretty awesome
we got them lights hahahaha we can dig
at night
I am completely impressed it actually
doesn't take up that much space uh
sleeping out here tonight everybody
sleepy huh
flashes I do not talk to me it totally
has that holiday Christmas vibe right
now everyone's laying around watching
shows wrapping gifts hope you guys are
ready for Christmas it's coming up so
fast like I can't even believe it's a
Sunday it's nuts
you know what I want for Christmas
that's what I want for Christmas right
there yeah what's up dude you think
where's nice hug I don't smell my
busines own Tring your presence in cuz
you open them we are going to kill the
lights turn the lights off watch one of
our favorite Christmas movie jingle all
the way
i watch it every single year we watch it
every single year we're all just so
tired I'm like trying to have energy for
you and I'm just I don't know I'm so
tired today little my little helper elf
right here we're piling up gifts back
here for the family and wow this is
where you've been putting them all he's
all business right now all business he
put these back up our stockings didn't
fall we took him down because we had a
speaker bar up here one night but nice
we're gonna end it right there you ready
oh you had to throw that in you want to
do it tomorrow
QA all right we got a lot of requests
you guys actually do want that set we
love you thank you for hanging out with
the family supporting us on everything
we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile on
you
