welcome to the vlog what's up this is
what an awesome grandma looks like man a
shirt was made for you
sure was honey wash what do you mean
what happened the other side of his face
is just mud well he's a digger guys
welcome to the vlog I went out this
morning and got something you don't know
if this is come here I know you're tired
Mena's pregnancy's got britain's Soutar
you gotta get up all I do is sleep
that's what it should say look this is
mall all right okay hang on hang on
before you open it before you open it
this is probably one of the most
ridiculous purchases I've ever made in
my life
is it a desert eagle open it oh okay so
so okay so there's a story behind this
all right it's an all gold Desert Eagle
50 Cal that's not Nanette's a gun girl
Oh God look how pretty it is in that
pretty you guys have seen this is a very
famous gun you see it like Tomb Raider
Laura Croft literally runs around with
dual 50s you see these in like the
intros of Call of Duty's you've seen
this gun I love how this was your
purchase and this was my person what did
you get Mother's special blend
it's oil for my belly you see that mom
oh oh look at that beast blood no
there's no bullets in it Cup oh I will
never shoot that what I'm pregnant and
I'm you know shoot so much anyways
you're like pregnant like the baby's
like a noodle right now with it chicken
nugget I know but I saw shot me shooting
gun really is that thing yeah it's
really hard to show on camera how big
this handgun is um maybe I should get a
regular handgun out so see the
difference
like Laura Croft better okay it is
actually lighter than like the pregnant
lorica you're like Laura Croft carrying
a human being with you
super weird it was it a good decision
was that your honey any decision of
yours oh no you're not gonna sit
off-camera huh are you ready to go bud
you look ready man I love that jacket
banana banana you know it's so crazy to
seeing you feels like that stuff I just
throw it away hey I know why are we
talking about things that smell that's
all I know because you're you're on your
own like hyper sensitive right now ah I
love it you know what I'm doing I'm
sitting there trying to like justify to
my viewers why about this ridiculous gun
but really I just bought the gun that's
what I did and I'm trying to like come
up with reasons to make it okay yeah but
I just bought the gun that's what I did
that's right guys I bought the gun now I
did buy the gun because I was like it's
gonna make the vlogs cool when we have
special guests come over they can shoot
the desert eagle and that's like will be
very entertaining to me so I'm not gonna
actually justify I did buy it for me and
for the vlogs that is the truth but uh
voice I don't but but I'm just I'm
telling the truth right now I was trying
to come up with a justification but your
money it is but armament it's that's my
banana man you ate half I get the other
half that all being said I'm just being
real with you guys I'm gonna close this
up we're gonna head over to my brothers
at least blow a couple rounds to it it's
a dollar a bullet a dollar Miller ball
to shoot that gun in dollar ya ready to
rock you got the energy you know bear
get in your car seat I don't have
pregnant
hashtag pregnant oh we've pile hey hello
hey guys hey hey oh you just plain just
plain - bye well what are we going what
do you look for you oh oh you you
breathe I didn't think you noticed what
do you bring and I think you notice
desert eagle desert what's everybody
guess look how big that is
oh my god it's a bear dude we're gonna
bust this thing out why wait why wait
alright wait a lot of people buy these
guns and they just sit on them we're
gonna they don't actually sit on a rock
it's really hard to tell on camera
without other rounds being inside it
here to give him an idea my fingers
eighteen and a half inches long
yeah so that's about 12 yeah it's you
what the whole foot that both the foot
wide that's just like shooting a plug
metal
it's a handgun cannon it has its own
Instagram page does it haha like I can
see this tucked into my pants holster or
maybe a back holster double golds in the
back alright
holy crap
Oh hit it brass hit my ear protection
look at the wood oh there's gonna be
money gone baby oh look it tried it
tried to bake break the bulletproof rope
oh this is Kevlar now this is a Dyneema
you see the Leafs blow I don't believe
you shoot one-handed and why didn't I
think of that see if we can break that
little jug awesome you got it yeah I got
wet I got wet you feel a little better
it is yeah bet you could survive that
hit yeah for sure especially like right
around the heart area definitely more
impressive yeah
oh there's actually pieces missing from
the jug yeah the handles gone
the handles not there anymore no you
guys have it the gold desert eagle man
that's a fun wonder whoa wow it is still
ice what do you think did you're gonna
let her paint you up Brittany's got her
she's not fully portable guys she's
taking the face paint to the next level
check out this boy look at you Dylan are
playing this crazy first-person war game
I know it doesn't look like much on here
but Dells trying to reload his gun right
now
it's full-on it's like the closest thing
right now in my opinion to call a nudie
for VR and it is insane on the outside
you just look ridiculous but I'm not
going out there
I know right let them come to you dude
this is pretty intense man I'm gonna lie
you are finally you actually soldier in
the actual games different runs out of
it I love it what are you you're some
type of dinosaur yes dude look how
amazing this is dude imagine me you're
in you are the guy it's insane
get him you got him dude yes you get to
what those may be my guys I might be
here good open your mouth
stay that way stay that way I'll shut it
that is hilarious he so I think we're
gonna turn today into a semi oh oh he's
getting one of the lizards - I love this
we're gonna turn this day into a little
bit of a game day John Pizza John's
coming over that is now his name Pizza
John ah yeah Big John you can use Big
John - he's gonna come over we're gonna
hook up call of duty on all the TVs I
played it do you like it
we're gonna all sync up and play the
Call of Duty together which I you guys
know when a new Call of Duty comes out
that's like the one game that I sit and
I play and it distracts me and I don't
want to edit and I don't want to do
anything but Michael hey I'll be right
back a little dinosaur okay drive it
come here give me a hug no go get all my
game stuff okay TV and Playstation
Wow love you ran home to get all my
playstation stuff Mama's just been here
cleaning our house yes looks better here
hey what is this I don't know you find
this it was laying there
here are you getting bright arty
did you just ask me if I'm getting gray
hair yes I'm getting go-ahead way to
point it out it's all over the side yeah
oh man that was a low blow these guys
being good you're gonna yeah yeah it's
the cycle life can't be young forever
you gotta use the of it why you got it
it's true it really goes fast cuz I 6
months ago I didn't have all these
wrinkles six six months ago alright well
that's just the Fountain of Youth you
were drinking out of went dry right now
you you know you got to catch it up
time flies that's the time clause and
I'll tell you something and they say
golden years and a tree you have your
golden years right now when you're
having your family and then enjoy them
when you get my age they're tarnished
it's still gold but you gotta you gotta
dust it off well at least I have you
during my golden years yeah but no what
I was saying you guys is what's so crazy
about pizza is uh-oh
hey John what's up look it's a joke
smushy walks that means there's pizzas
it's like the bat symbol disguise yeah
that's not gonna round it's the Batman
you don't know don't matter Batman okay
so this is me I'm gonna promote that
you say this but visa pay me it says
PlayStation 3
woo but it's a four dude breaking the
rule dude don't tell Sony no well if
you've ever attempted a game night you
know it's just about impossible to
actually get everybody on but we're
close we're really close work work you
foot you good know just never get it
remember that I wore my flash shirt
again John come on Evangelion I guess
there's a weight limit ah do you guys
ever think that maybe you're getting
killed by a five year old just like my
life man that's how my son my son is
like - and he's drained my life force
so Kane just went three and ten three
kills tenda I did matter a little I
think that's better than my first kid
even if I'm not kidding movin I did six
and nine that's not that grainy there
you have made a serious night of it I
see Lucy your eye whoo
can't leave you fell down the steps ah
shoot video dude is you know what it's
the green yeah but in person it looks
way better on camera brightens it really
bright yellow look I really
oh the camera has a totally different
look
all right guys getting back home and uh
I don't know if I'm gonna get all this
editor tonight I got a good start on him
I just do it it's completely relevant
you guys the real point is is that the
vlog went up on time so I'm proud I'm
proud I'm proud guys thanks for hanging
out with us today we will see you
tomorrow you are beautiful you are
one-of-a-kind
keep your head up be positive you're
amazing you're everything to us
we'll see you tomorrow smile more
you
