ready to tell me yeah you're ready to do
this a hundred percent um should be you
should be asking me I'm the one that's
like we should wait and you're like
let's tell him no I think I'm about to
know huh
well guys uh I don't think Brittany and
I expected to start today's vlog like
this today um last night actually this
morning was confirmed but last night we
found out that Brittany is officially
finally pregnant yeah is it upside down
yep
oh yeah she peed on that right it's so
disgusting two lines whether it's light
or not means pregnant oh there's a funny
story about this she takes a pregnancy
test last night and well this happened
did you already take it pick it uh-huh I
mean it's in there I'm nervous excited
really excited I would be so happy if
you were hey
yeah yeah read it nah no paint isn't it
two lines so she took the test the test
was negative and were like man we've had
so many negative 10 oh so mentally like
wait no you're pregnant like yeah like
mentally we were like ill I want to be
pregnant but the test was negative him
like I well maybe you'll take another
one in the morning and it'll be
different we just we've had so many
negative tests that we were like maybe
you're just not pregnant so we put in
the movie last night in about ten
minutes later she went to the bathroom
and she yelled for me and I was like
what like what I went and took the
pregnancy test out of the trash to send
my friend and picture and it was
positive
yes the test was negative right she put
it in the trash can we laughed she came
back the test now was positive which
means it took time way longer than three
five minutes or whatever no we only
waited like one minute we were kind of
impatience we're out to negative we do
this all the time whatever it was
the trash was gone I was like well I
looked at it really or like I looked at
with him first and then I was like they
say to wait three minutes I pulled it
out just to look I was going to send a
picture to my friend it has to it has to
my it's blue even hours since that last
clip guys metaphor and I got my camera
shows your arm release according to
according to that test you are we really
I hope you are so much I said you have
to wait but that's a good sign right
oh my god I hope so much that is so
accurate I'll be so happy oh my god I
don't know why I'm still blogging I
guess this is if she is a huge like
shocking moment and then this morning
she takes another test which also comes
up positive she called her doctor she
thinks it's about four weeks four weeks
pregnant which is awesome because that's
one month that we can scratch off to the
show obviously it's so early so early
super early and probably too early to be
sharing with anybody like I I personally
wanted to wait a little bit but uh we
also wanted to tell family and I had to
film family and if I film family I have
no vlog unless I showed it so here we
are sharing our most intimate part of
our life with you right now I'm so
excited
seriously so what did we do today all we
did was went from house to house from
family member to family member
sharing this news and I like to share
that with you right now all right now so
I've been trying to figure out a way all
day to tell you this
but yesterday with what I want to park
why yesterday we found out that Britney
is pregnant you don't believe me why
don't you believe me
in a way I do because I saw what wait
what'd you see
not really anything but no I didn't see
anything but no way good like I don't
know
you don't believe me kind of kind of hot
in like that I'm trying to doubt it you
can't trust
dude I'm not kidding this is not a joke
it's funny because yesterday I thought
about that I was wondering if that what
it was that's how you guys ran into the
bathroom I was like oh it's not a kid
thing hmm
oh yeah that's what it was yeah that's
when we found out when we should call me
into the bathroom yesterday
that's all freaking out so you may have
a sister or brother we don't know you
want a sister so get ready get ready
put the safes on your door lock up the
computers I'm just a shock did I'm
really just a shot
what are you thinking right now for the
history books what are you thinking oh
so that's it did are you excited
oh York didn't you know like everyone
that has assistants and be like no don't
ask for a sister well we don't know what
we're having yeah this spooky happy
Halloween I've got my mask on oh that's
it that's just where scary mass small it
is it's met with you hi Louie hey Louie
what's up dude here's our old cat sneaky
this is our old kitty
that's old fat snake nice eat did you
know there's a bun in my oven what they
definitely did not even my mama looked
right at your belly though goodness Oh
was a good man one down yesterday we
found out last night like and confirmed
it this morning yeah we wanted to like
wait wait but then we just decided we
can't obviously it's very early so she
peed on a stick
oh that's what I said yeah but yeah
bring it but then I was like be on a
pregnancy test
you people are you kidding nothing like
joke about oh yeah I'm just kidding are
I was just a prank bro I mean pretty
soon I'm gonna have a lot more clothes
well I mean we're gonna have baby
clothes why
are you serious definitely not shown you
know chuckle I'm gonna choke me this
long when we told her about first baby I
got put the choke roll that's her ring
so oh yeah so maybe just maybe we'll
have one of those a little girl did why
are we sitting I mean I know you do
she's she's like my Six Senses in full
gear and yeah I know what you're gonna
say you know what I got that feeling you
know what coming over here we both said
Kat if anybody would know it's Kathy
yeah see you nailed it no one else even
had any clue oh I knew it
her text says she has something for us
I'm like it's a positive pregnancy hey
what's going on what he done really I I
want to call and uh well you're one of
the first people that will know but uh
looks like I'm having a baby with you
did
yeah yeah we just found out last night
who are you calling on snapshot snapshot
why haven't heard a gives a Skylander
snapshot is a Skylander you know who I
was for trick-or-treat
a monster Giants you want to see the
monster do you know what Britney was for
trick-or-treat pregnant yeah she's
pregnant
we're having a baby when you hold into
this house that's like what's Roman
doing yeah yay yeah I thought that was
done we reloaded take another shot well
that Kelly was trying she's giving up a
baby you know what they need a new
little best friend
woman what haha yeah oh my gosh yeah I'm
utterly found out yesterday oh my gosh
Oh anyone I tell you something yeah we
have something to tell you
are you excited I'm nervous he gets you
a Nutella yummy pal oh you want daddy to
tell you so in about eight months you're
gonna have a little brother or sister
how do you know how do you know there's
a baby in here
mommy's gonna have a baby right now
there's baby there right now it's gonna
start getting bigger and bigger and
bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger
and pop do you hear anything
this is a baby singer named daddy buh
buh buh buh the heartbeat not a little
sister what if you have a little sister
you can dress up like a boy yeah you
gonna help me change diapers
no you want the baby to have those oh
that's really nice buddy
oh come give me a hug can take a while
to grow into him but I pretty sure he or
she's gonna love it
heyyo him it's just a boy frickin it's
it you said what do you guys think
boy or girl that is a serious question
that's going through my head right now
Kane is saying boy only yeah I want the
girl how about your daddy I don't know I
don't I don't have any mental thoughts
of what it will be I don't know I
wouldn't mind a little girl
well guys that is going to do it for our
vlog thank you so much for being a part
of our life and our family this is uh
this is something absolutely huge for us
to be putting on the internet this early
into her pregnancy and it's just it's so
much so thanks for being here and
there's really no reason to exclude you
guys at this point you're a part of our
daily life so this is our life and guys
we love you so so much thank you for
pushing us to 10 million we're almost
there share any vlog that you can with
friends family anybody really it just
helps so much get it get it yeah we will
see you guys tomorrow leave in the
comments today boy or girl what do you
think we'll have what do you want us to
have um that's it I'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
you
