oh man aah all right welcome to the vlog
guys something is seriously wrong today
and maybe you guys can help me figure
out what the problem was but Brittany
has been cleaning on her hands and knees
like a wild animal for three solid hours
look at this place you could probably
eat off any part of this kitchen
there is one thing that kind of smells
like up dog in here does not much what's
up with you ha ha ha
it's Sunday guys we thought about
honestly just giving you a raw ten
minute clip not killed a camera walk
around for 10 minutes visit with you for
a little bit and then enjoy a little
time off camera hmm but then I realize
we made some promises today that we need
to get done which means I need to go as
much as I'd like to just sit and do
nothing with you so me and my buddy Noah
are gonna jump in the car head to the
store real quick get some things that we
promised you guys and then come back
here and do it so what's going on girl
what is going on why this doesn't happen
too often it's beautiful I mean like
perfect weather it's not sunny but it is
gorgeous like the temperature is perfect
the trees are beautiful the Leafs are
falling I love it guys truly happiness
here at home and that is everything I
did that Dale did that it's a big
caterpillar Yuma hold him no he doesn't
hurt you here ye he ducks him boy they
don't bite oh she's gonna roll up into a
little ball oh he didn't even roll up
say hi cane put him in your hand he
doesn't bite you wanna hold him little
punk pet him yeah real nice and easy
just yeah one sock boy he's holding it
up I can't make it up she has cleaned
all the doors like you could walk
through this thing there's no glass
should be changing light bulbs really
we're trying to get out of here she's
like we take thee we have to change
light bulbs and maybe I don't think we
have light bulbs okay we have light
bulbs
oh now you can really see the dirt wrong
you want to get some white paint I can
repaint no I'm looking great gonna go
love you love you can know right clock
like no clock is there's no exact
millisecond this exact second just say
what clock is the most accurate like how
do we know exactly what time it is like
that's an interesting thing to bring up
the first clock is probably not
any I mean I don't know I don't I don't
know if there's one o'clock that's
exactly right like following a watch
telling what's the exact exact time I
just look at my watch or my phone
Noah and I are running out to get some
things that we promised as giveaway
stuff so we're gonna go pick out some
things but no pick out something you
want to pick out okay
nothing over $4 dollars so much for the
beautiful weather literally just out of
nowhere
Ohio alright yeah we got two choices
make a run for it or we wait here in the
car
and on the run you're lucky I had to go
around the car you just get to go see
your kid play in the rain just right
there one hop go let's go ah I'm so nice
little giveaway stuff this is like
giveaway city dude this is nice that do
that what the heck really going all out
with this giveaway guys we're getting
the iPod Touch a phantom 4 drone GoPro
Hero 5 it's also your Christmas gifts
we're giving away so no Christmas sorry
buddy then about 15 minutes later we got
sunshine baby
you just never know so unpredictable
there's our old police car
our old police car I swear every time we
drive fires blast
is on that police come I respect people
were taking all the pieces yeah somebody
tweeted me they had the entire door off
the floor hanging in there
the garage
no but apparently my uncle uncle Charles
has been allowing people to take pieces
like yeah they're not stealing
but somebody calling us stole a piece
but I think it's okay bring a millennium
Oh easy boy easy boy Hey
smells like Christmas in here sounds
like pine trees sorry we just couldn't
wait to you're eatin when I left you're
eating again Jane's sake love it phantom
for not the three we went for the for
GoPro Hero 5 iPod Touch black alright
we're going live if you guys don't
follow me on my life not me please go
follow me I'll put the link in the
description we have a lot of fun on here
sometimes we do crazy stuff sometimes we
just do this stuff so let's go we'll
call this one fun little giveaway and
keep in mind guys you can watch these
after their live like they live forever
on our channel so you can just watch
them anytime now you have to have a
little tool to turn it on there's a
little button inside you need a tool and
you pull out a fork only the bend and a
handyman would do that ya know he pulls
out a what are those called corn things
oh it's all it was loud oh my gosh so
like down Oh movie Oh perfect
oh my gosh you hit the camera this guns
weird dude it's weird like it has a full
auto feature yet you can get it to full
auto is just incredibly difficult even
if it's on the full auto selector switch
it's not full auto like I can't figure
it out and you have to pull the trigger
twice to get one bullet
yes weird so pull it see that doesn't
make sense why would I even be a feature
I'm sure it's just user error like I
know the guns great but I can't figure
it out I want to show you how to really
freak somebody
your family they sell DC we found these
at the Halloween store and we actually
got them when did we get the Halloween
store you out for a few days ago right
couple days ago we got one to show you
then cuz that's where they sold him but
when we got home it wasn't in the bag so
today no and I off-camera went and
picked these up
I just took nose blood that's his blood
yes it is okay if you can't trick a five
year old spy and trick anybody but from
a distance oh you already told him
because I said Cain look how much blood
I got took him out oh man he left
anyways these are ink pens right but
from a distance it looks like a syringe
pony blood out of somebody it's freaky
like I have to imagine like I just came
inside right imagine you come inside and
then you see like King holding that into
mommy's arm you'd freak out right well
you got a nice thing to Wow
oh you're actually poking me anything
your neck lady your jugular taking
Blippar mama taking blood for mommy I'm
a vampire oh no it's not the best idea
they all have different yeah he said
that they like leak in the boxes they're
all different
yeah like fake blood everywhere alright
guys so it is our Sunday and we did
actually plan to take today off not from
fully vlogging but we were just gonna do
like a quick clip and say hi to you guys
we decided kind of extend it into a full
blog that being said it's only 7:30 so
if we did in the vlog now we have time
to really just goof off maybe not your
movie or something
we're just throw hats we can just throw
daddy's alright oh I would be down for
that that being said we are going to end
the vlog get a little off-camera family
Tom I know you guys understand that so
thank you so much but you want to
scratch my back do you do the best thank
you guys so much for so many things you
guys shared the vlog so hard yesterday
we are on the road to 10 million we are
I said this yesterday according to the
internet we're supposed to hit it on
November 20th we are trying so hard to
hit November 15th because that's
brittany and i's eighth year anniversary
and it would just be so surreal
to celebrate such big things on that day
I love you guys you're freaking amazing
you're beautiful please please please
you've already done so much I never want
to just force you to do anything but if
you could take a minute to share any
vlog that you like so much with friends
or family it's going to help us so much
hit that mark by November 15th our ten
mill in eight years Wow after we started
dating we started YouTube so it's just
been such a crazy journey thank you guys
I'm signing off
gonna hang out with these monsters
you're beautiful we love you smell or
you
