hey I am NOT are you awake cause I'm not
awake I know you're always ready do you
remember we put the water balloons
outside do you think they're done
I think he's legit no he has now looking
whoa
they're like ripped open let's go
welcome to the vlog guys we uh last
night if you watched yesterday's vlog we
froze some water balloons but look the
rubber is blown off of them that's
actually the water wow it looks cool in
the Sun that's ice huh
so we took water balloons we filled them
with water and food coloring and then we
froze them so let's get a knife we need
a knife that is wild dude the food
coloring works so good it just peels
open this one's bleeding game blah yeah
I think we had it too much way too much
but look how bright they are it does
look like what I think you can handle a
little blood you've given birth so
pretty cool a pretty fun experiment I
don't think it's supposed to leave food
coloring everywhere though but
definitely something fun to try the only
thing that stinks for the kids is you
have to be patient you have to wait all
night or at least a few hours where we
live but your crazy dogs doing huh
what you crazy dogs do I I think it's
the last day of our snow guys supposed
to melt it's actually supposed to rain
and that will definitely melt all this
snow hope you're feeling good hope
you're having a great day we're just
getting our started we want to start
with our balloons that we did last night
and unfortunately couldn't show you in
the vlog because they weren't frozen all
right there dude that's a water balloon
oh whoa I didn't even pop sit ready uh
on the bottom line boom
how'd you get gum here we go you do the
honors the first one come down here
oh you peeled the orange dude here
whoo that did it
okay we're gonna take the Sony out
because it does pretty good slow motion
and we're gonna drop let's do the big
green one hey hot spot here we go one
two throw I have no idea if I got it
let's get Jack oh oh yeah hi I missed it
on the edge is on the edge of the they
hit the screen about to fall here it
comes
that's cool I can't learn when to liquid
with it because it is kind of our last
day of snow we haven't done any RC
action so we're gonna get a couple RCS
out Kane's already been tested his it's
rocking I'm gonna take the summit with
the GoPro out and yeah let's do
all right this is ridiculous if I can do
it I accidentally just did it here we go
you ready show them stay in the middle
okay
okay alright that was almost it
soon that is way too much fun
Wow oh alright there's some sick twisted
bets going on in the smile more store
right now Todd's here working on the
tank and he said who will eat a fish not
a real fit not the fish that we have
this is what our fish eat it's called a
little silver side it's like a minnow
hold on do you have a real one like a
full one I could show no you just decide
how they come half gnarled and chewed up
cheater can eat that it just made me
kinda like popcorn Charlie oh no the eel
is gonna be jealous look at him look you
just shot out he's ready to eat if
you're new to the channel or you've
never seen this this is our smile more
tank this is our eel he is red I've
never seen him so social you see him put
it right there there you go there you go
BAM
gone nicely personalized that is that
how you stand on a ladder Todd no this
is oh this is my own personal matter so
this is our freezer of fish food this is
what the fish eat and our tank and these
are silver sliders zoom in dude
silversides silver slabs we got the
popsicle option is that should I try to
find a full size for one I mean is that
is that a half fish you gotta find
everything you up for the you want a
popsicle or you wants to heat it up
oh look at that
oh dude he's uh Oh God Gayla
I don't know if you're gonna get this
dad like I'm kind of turning onto your
team right now I don't know I have the
weakest stomach I cannot do anything
like this
I like definitely an afternoon hospital
why you're gonna have to cut it in half
with your teeth
I like this small she's good she's gonna
go for it we're throwing it out it's
frozen and Boots fight against some
flexibility to it oh it's gonna swim
right now yeah I don't think you want to
chop it no I cannot consuming that and
no you can't cut it baby wait wait I'm
telling you you rather you rather eat
too then one long one but think about
what's gonna come out of it when she
cuts it in half like the guts and no I
know that's so saying I want to cut it
but somebody has to get a 30-second
clock she has to hold it down for 30
seconds to get the money in her mouth or
in her stomach go in her stomach she has
to show us don't even try to do it yet
you have this oh you just turn it a
little sandwich I don't know how you
handle roll it's not horrible a muscle
side mustard you have to hold it up yeah
you know you know what face first I got
it I got it
all right hey ready set go oh you're
gonna bite it you need to just swallow I
just get rid of it
she did it oh yeah let's see it 30
second she ate it there were another you
are a champ
I could never do that ever never here's
my twenty bucks Western Oh 20 for me 20
from Brit 20 from Todd that was the
easiest 60 bucks you ever made I am not
physically capable of doing that no way
nope oh my feel at all if I felt all
like this we can go high and do a hot yo
yo yo yo
let's go up yo yo yo word do you
remember we used to say Booya Booya used
to yell it all the time
it's like Bowie I used to be your dad
now you just dab everywhere this is the
best one we've done all right guys it is
bath time so I'm gonna fill up the back
fourteen and actually this is the only
way I could get him in the bathtub
okay okay okay hold on I did that on
purpose
okay these are going to make your back
whole these are like ice
popsicles dude
ready watch watch watch me how did I
miss that the balloon just took off hit
gain and flew out
well Zeus just gotta clean it up for you
oh don't do it now oh my god
Kane that went everywhere I get in the
tub boy you in the tub I'll take care of
this
it is bath time I'll be back in one
second Wow
and we're back one second I told her to
be one second I don't know if it was
quite one second or not
peekaboo
guys we are going to call it a day I
know it's a short vlog but I think it's
a fun vlog I had so much fun today the
RC thing killed me it was completely
accidental but I did that Hey yeah I
think you might be wearing the dab out I
think maybe maybe we got to come up with
something new we love you guys so much I
got to in early get ready for tomorrow's
livestream if for some reason I know
everybody's saying you're going to be in
school and it's just a really bad time
to livestream so make your teachers but
if I supposed to do it at 1 p.m.
tomorrow for us I guess if you're seeing
this vlog it already happened or I've
pushed it back or I've moved it or
whatever I don't know I can't figure it
out either way we're gonna say goodbye
we love you thank you for hanging out
the streak continues and we've had so
much fun doing it we love you you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind smile mwah
you
