hey guys welcome to the vlog is my
camera a little nasty this is the camera
from the snowstorm last night so it
survived welcome how are you hope you're
feeling good we are going back in time
today was that even being back in
nineteen nineteen twelve I paid for a
twelve gotta pick up some wood and go
old school uh all of this that seems
like a lot I paid 12 bucks and you get
this whole I guess this whole step it's
pretty crazy
hope you guys are having such a good day
man just get mine started here shoulda
brought gloves not bad not bad so I said
we're going back in time today we are
you'd have to be watching the vlogs for
a really long time to know where I'm
going right now
and know where I will be absolutely
beautiful day here in Ohio it's sunny
but it's snowy which is perfect it's my
favorite it's not my favorite like palm
trees sunshine and reef water is my
favorite but if it's gonna be cold it
might as well be snowy right a quick
second to thank you guys so much I'm not
sure that I've ever thanked you before
on these vlogs so I want to fish
whoo we are in our old how I am over at
the old house this is our original house
guys this is the first place the house
is right here got the fire started with
toilet paper and a lighter and yeah
who's been here since we lived in this
house this is where Brittany used to
feel smile more orders right here at her
desk we used to have smile murmur all
through here stacks and stacks stat
stacks and stacks it stacks we were in
this house when Kane was born it's crazy
this is it this is the whole place want
to come over check on the place and just
revisit the house kept a little fire
going I miss this thing so much I used
it all the time Kane was so little he
would help me get the fire started
Sean the five-pointed it daddy
dad okay Sean the fire dad I'm the fire
oh good job dude we did it give me five
we spent all of our time back here this
is our favorite spot don't know how to
do a front flip there it is these are
the world's strongest sparklers whoa we
got cane is it good oh my gosh she's
curvy uh-oh
so we still have the house guys still
uh-oh nobody's in it right now so it's
just sitting here and I wanted to come
over check on the place but I just
wanted to start the fire for fun but I
want to get the heat going it's got
these old electric floor boards which
are great but you do got to put them on
in the winter we'll get frozen pipes and
just you know nothing really exciting
but I want to come over today bring you
guys along I wasn't gonna vlog it I was
like that's not interesting and uh I
don't know I just decided to bring you
over pull a montage together no I got
you
at you
it's your birthday
Kane is 2 today guys
somebody sleaze B this is where it all
started guys our first literally our
first YouTube videos would have been
right here in this house so it's a good
place to come visit recoup see where
we've come from and uh there is nothing
there's nothing in this house look what
I just found
dude what the heck look at this thing
what Oh with what it's like a shark
combat shark I just feel like hunting
around trying to find things right now
there's nothing huh so when we moved
into this house the whole house was this
it was this some wood paneling stuff I
don't know what you call it house was
built in the 70s we had it all painted
and redone oh there's a little baby
switch oh the fire is rolling now look
at that this camera is so blurry all the
time I start calling it blur bag
it's my blur bag come on dude got the
heat on house looks great I think we're
gonna sell it guys I really do I think
we're gonna sell it there's just really
no reason to be sitting on a cute little
house like that we need to give it to
somebody probably family or friends
that being said I hope you guys are
feeling good I hope you're staying
positive I hope maybe if you're going to
bed right now you sleep great and you
wake up ready to take on this crazy
world designed to bring you down baby
don't let it don't let it you got this
like you really got this you're gonna do
it that's the cool part you're tougher
than you'll ever know man you get
through it if you're just starting your
day let's go let's get up let's move
let's feel good you'll tell your trick
your mind telling me feel good come on
blue bag look how good my snow shovel
worked on the quad guys if you can even
see it it's all blurry
but asleep whoo hey how you feeling you
get some sleep
maybe five minutes a day maybe what
happened the store flooded so apparently
I just went and looked and there was
nothing so you guys must clean
apparently one of the barrels that
stores our aquarium water gosh like was
spraying water everywhere now I tried to
get at the vlog but nothing I didn't see
anything it's dry so you guys are lying
the washer analyzer is full of what
house really hey mom
for you dude he's got the right idea
oh I can almost make it mm-hmm I think
you got air so the thing about Ohio at
least where we live we're a little south
east so sometimes we get rain when it's
supposed to snow my lips are already
frozen inside the vlog are you eating a
chunk of dirt the thing about where we
live is usually when we do get snow it
doesn't stick around it might last a day
maybe two so we're getting the most out
of it right now check this out this is
hilarious you ready
I think flash move the camera oh you
totally round we're ready now dude you
ready to set the Atwood backyard air
challenge this is about style this is
about air time the King loves get air
he's the sports guy in the family
you look like a crash-test dummy dude I
think it's the end of a raft ooh look
she's going flat no matter what I do no
matter how fast I get out of big egos
he just wants more faster bigger oh it
did big was legit freezing out there my
cheeks won't even move we making your
own pizzas yeah um grandma brought over
mama brought over some prison food look
at this way that one full scoop for you
boy
ha ha it's actually unbelievable potato
soup did you try it bacon and cheese and
oh it's good it's hot too right after
the snow that meets the husband here's
your cheese we are done and we're about
to do something you guys can definitely
do right now if it's really cold out I
guess you could probably put them in
your freezer too right maybe maybe get
one in the freezer before we do this you
guys know I partnered up with live dot
me to do crazy live streams I have not
done one for about what's the last one
we did the giveaway was our last stream
tug-of-war smartcard tug-of-war do you
guys remember that one smart guy talking
I don't know we taken a small break but
we are back with an awesome friggin live
stream please tune in to this one you
guys remember maybe two weeks ago I went
over to fish tank todd's and we tried to
shoot down using our guns to blow up a
tree and take it down like this is like
the avatar tree dude when this tree goes
down it's going to look like the scene
on Avatar
get the app it is totally free I will
put it in the top link on my description
click it download it subscribe to me I
have four and a half million followers
this is not a joke
four and a half million followers on
live dummy this is going to be a huge
strain we're gonna livestream the birth
of our baby we're gonna what about from
light like behind like I could we can
put it like up in the corner and film I
was usually I was like naked running
around the house do I remember the last
labor yes I'll never forget the last
labor is the most disturbing thing I
ever witnessed in my life half naked
moves cane came out like a rubber human
dropped him limp on to your chest
first surges any dad no it was easy
alive
that was you dad see if we livestream it
you'd remember you better watch it
get the app guys please get the app it's
on your phone just click it go to the
App Store download live dot me or click
the link in my description let's have
some fun come hang out like this is this
is the funnest time live it is like live
vlogging no cuts no editing it is raw
raw I just can't stress enough go get
the app it's free it's fun come hang out
with us alive a lot like we're gonna be
doing a lot of live streams so get it
now let's do this project get that thing
away from me
first of all the sink sucks let's
good let's go to the bathroom sink
follow me ah all of our sinks don't have
like a little Nanami oh you're soaking
wet
here's the food coloring okay so here's
what we're gonna do is we should show
them what we're doing right yeah hold
your balloon you drop some em squirt it
how much you ship it in um huh I don't
know I think you see might be good yes
we did it we did one water little so now
we have a blue inside a blue water one
alright oh okay there's one let's do
more oh this is a corn and the orange
yellow is it yellow
yeah that's orange you call it blonde if
you can't see this you kohalon you've
obviously never worked a food coloring
before cuz that's yellow your fingers
are gonna be all kinds of different can
be worth it though I think they're gonna
work great
I mean this is legit - legit almost I
almost have to quit so you guys can
totally do this it's really fun for the
kids it's actually fun for me I'm
enjoying this that's a big goal now
right there you got it
what alright we all got our balloons and
we're gonna head out son
breathing lots of snow you got it oh boy
oh my gosh I thought that pop this one's
gonna look ridiculous knees are right
here okay oh my gosh she's put yellow I
thought for sure you were gonna lock me
out you could have totally had me just
put yellow snow on the porch so big you
feel your balloons you could you don't
have to put food coloring in and that's
just kind of like a little bonus suppose
it does your fingers you leave them
outside and then once they're frozen you
cut the rubber balloon off and you have
like these glass looking well I don't
know how FAR's it's gonna look like that
there's probably tons of bubbles and I
don't know there's some but it's an
experiment
they're supposed to be colored orbs like
glass or Zenith Rome dropping break and
crushing shoot them what are we done
tomorrow morning I can reassure you that
they'll definitely be done tomorrow I
mean are you tired or you look at them
eyes oh man all right Jane wants to do
one more little Fun Factory up here okay
what color balloon little green on green
action super green green main lime green
guy know it just like really low quit I
don't know how to get it fill we're good
we're good
I cleaned this bathroom today it's still
clean it's just great it's great great
we're gonna have some ice ball guess
what into our dress right peanut butter
crackers tomorrow our balloons will be
frozen I just checked on them it's
actually been a little bit I checked on
them they're not frozen they're still
jiggly can I destroy your house that you
made Wow you would do it to me back in
the day I would build something you just
crush
oh you're blowing out the bottom I got
you I got you what dude you smell like
vinegar sets that's it's all you want
cause you always get one out of the pack
at the end of the night I
peanut butter crackers while I edit at
night Zeus comes in always given the
last car here so now when he smells me
like where's my cracker we are just
hanging out we're probably gonna call it
a night
call it a night call it a day gonna edit
gonna get ready for tomorrow and Friday
our big tree is coming down I want this
tree to come to them so bad
hope you enjoyed a little throwback to
the old house today and thanks for
hanging out that's all we got okay you
won't say bye that's it all right
nah hey nah ah
mommy is we love you guys thank you
again
keep pushing you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile
you
