welcome to the vlog guys hope you're
having a great are these it these are
the both pink and camel hope you're
having an awesome day we are out the
house is a madhouse right now I'm gonna
take you inside and just show you what's
going on it's just mayhem it's like
there's there's no peace and quiet we
came outside real quick we have we've
come up Britain I've come up with like a
quick way to well let me just show you
right now okay so we have a bunch I mean
a is there even anything wrong with
there is it just like kind of bent it's
just not it looks perfect what are you
talking about they're not perfect is the
thing if you have watched the blocks for
a very long time we talked about all of
our camo hats that our last shipment
came in it kind of flawed up there
either bent or they're crooked and we
don't want to sell anything that's not
perfect so instead of just selling them
at full price or sitting on these and
taking a massive loss we are going to
put them up on the site as you're
watching us they're on the site right
now for ten bucks they are $10 a hat
they vary I don't see anything wrong
with this hat either these hats just not
what we sell you there like our other
camo hats are flat these are raised
which I like this better that's that's
awesome
right it's a blowout that's what it is
it's a blow okay yeah okay so this is
our full this is our full price hat and
this is our $10 hat which yeah you can
see how nice and smooth and clean this
one looks and this one's just got a
little like lumps and bumps but that can
be fixed the more you wear just put that
in the dryer microwave 30 seconds it's
it's just a blowout sale guys we're
gonna knock all these hats out even the
pink ones
ten bucks so if you've always wanted a
camo hat and you still don't have one
get one for 10 bucks right now why
supplies last awesome I know those are
no I know but these are our firsts these
are what these would be if these came in
right more we're on the subject of of
small more we have new come on focus
baby focus I'm trying to get focus here
here there tie-dye splatter pop sake why
I want it okay there we go there we go
brand-new tie-dye splattered pop sockets
which are pretty sweet so yeah good you
wanna go inside and tackle this it's a
little manic man huh you are filthy I've
been working I've been working know
you've been working so hard girls do you
guys you know the drill small more top
link of the description of this video
get one before they're gone they're only
ten da we're going inside not see it's
nice and calm right now and you might
have noticed that a lot of people are in
the yes always bring us together yeah
she hey guys what's up what's up oh so
nice and quiet in here oh you building
Lego this the final piece that I just
walk in on the final piece uh so it
seems piece one our home right now it's
just hanging out baby look at this
bucket of toys you're catching up with
the boys with all these toys I think you
might have missed me more than anybody
hey baby
okay dad hi pretty girl
muah okay you head down dude that is
cool all the Jets on the back okay so I
told you yesterday we've been working on
the basement and it's it's pretty
oh yeah can you bring in buckets back
down this way country give me a scale of
1 to 10 how ridiculous it's down here
and so it's coming over I would actually
say but it was a lot it's a lot of work
how much for the drill that's right you
come in there like more Park work not
look at it yo guys what's up
let's go yo this looks good looks really
good I'm impressed
that's awesome you're taking charge
break it Brian hasn't destroyed it yeah
that's good or is it build it bro yeah
it actually was but what we're doing is
improvising and making it work look
honestly working together cohesively as
a team you guys are working as a team
I'm proud of you taking on do you want
to take do we even lift you did get it
go go get it get it get it
okay so everybody's down here where do
you want your swing all right yeah Brian
needs answers can it just go on a pillar
like that there's like something special
you have you have to drill it into the
thing maybe open it
it's okay guy maybe I can do that it's
Mario huh nah I look at this this is
cool sure yeah it's it's not a hammock
or it is you can use it yes yes
yeah just just in case you have a dirty
treadmill at home I'm gonna well
Britney's gonna show you what you got to
get water on there right
I like your tape choice is it across oh
all right start it up here we go get
that dirt off that machine you got your
pulse now there's the dirt honey but you
got to get away get tons of water on it
no you're good you're good
splat turn it all the way up Jason yeah
yeah I guess oh oh you don't need there
you go it's not dangerous what is
dangerous about that she's dangerous I
call it brilliant it is see that baby
cleaning up more water more water you
know this is how you clean a treadmill
yeah you almost got sucked up all right
horrible idea it didn't work at all
it's actually more dirty I think it's
just soap now I got an idea wet towel on
your chest and you lay on it
I'll just remix it that actually worked
pretty good it looks way better oh she's
ready going think long thing wrong put a
hole in that sucker Britney wants to
swing dude you gotta give it yeah get it
Brian Brian the Builder can he fix it
find a builder yes he can
how many people just stand here another
far away
he just hold on so we if you watched
last week we ordered all the costumes
for our go-cart races and they never
came but they came now so we have my
judge so we have all these costumes
random Casas extra-large dude yeah
you're taller though I mean yeah you
know why I got extra large so you could
wear all your snow stuff under it and
that's it I was thinking to you actually
bringing did it oh yeah you gotta you
got so what's our options we got that
ones mari up Bret right you got your
princess suit yeah yo Yoshi XXL
oh yes donkey Co that's a good one I
won't feels comfortable
it's like pajamas John this is so we can
chase Brian in the banana suit yes good
looks go with the mole don't ready to
race again let's go grab a quad
your country's up front countries up
front brother oh well you're super
sideways country can you get this big
box here in the kitchen we need help
with it it's too heavy for me bro I know
I've been working out behind it's too
much for me bro it's right it's right
inside the door on the on the on the
right it's the big one the big one
seriously the box there's one bad thing
about today it's heat it's gotten warm
it's actually warm outside it's
beautiful the Sun is out there's almost
no clouds and it got warm so the snow
has been melting which really stinks
still got a little bit on the ground but
I can hear it melting look at this look
so basically all this it's like all our
work on the pond and like just playing
on it may come to an end if it doesn't
it's supposed to be warm all week like
it's getting into the 40's the 50s which
means it's gonna melt very very fast I
just hope that don't last and we get to
play on this for the whole winter I
wanted to just keep freezing and getting
thicker and deeper and so you can see
the pond is like it still looks okay but
you can tell there's some basically the
snow is melting on top I mean look
here is look you can see down in the ice
just talk deep look at that there's
water on top but you can see how thick
it is it's very thick aw it's so slushy
that's amazing he's gonna slide that
looks awesome
so yeah we're basically pasted I keep
saying basically we're building like a
big slush on top of the plant I think
Knights will save us so it'll refreeze
hopefully and kind of rebuild what we
lost during the day but if those
temperatures this thing is definitely
gonna mouth basically yeah dude that's
amazing which makes snow cones good
we're gonna lose our pond dude let's get
turn back into a pond you're doing a
hole the hole ha ha ha ha hey this is a
swing this is this is what you do this
is gonna be down here swinging you see
mommy Cora Hey look at mommy you goofy
yeah you all I gotta say is you better
hope you better hope Brian mounted that
right it's all I got to say I want to do
it blast off all right let's see what
this thing's yep oh my gosh
oh my gosh you better hopeless dude
that's like so scary to me terrifying
oh that course here bring Cora how's it
feel Curt has no interest in you being
upside down at all of course is I'm out
of here I'm out of here
you're done upside down interview
upside-down interview who is the one you
love the most
good answer
Oh second my boyfriend oh gosh court
you're next I have to hold on to the
sides really good okay like grab them
yeah take a hammock take a bed I mean
forward or backwards is concrete so
you're fine
you still got plenty of teeth nah yeah
so I don't know it's interesting I mean
I could see like right now I can see
like me wanting to just lay back and
watch my back just crack and stretch
that sounds really good
oh that's like where she was delivered
in number from the stork she's like a
song I think she's gonna fall asleep by
the way I'm so holding her she's diggin
it yeah she is like so she's just not
yeah she's like I don't know what family
I landed in but it's interesting you
guys are all this potential gym
downstairs stuffs got me thinking it's
time for our daily push-ups time for our
debt Cory you're doing with us huh oh
you are adorable little girl
so starting like five days ago we
started at ten push-ups and we add just
one a day and we asked you guys to do
them with us do them with your family
your friends whoever's around or just
doing by yourself you hop on the ground
and you just do it now we started at ten
and I told you you can start at whatever
number you want start small and just add
one a day and that's where we're at
right now we're at we start at ten we're
at just 15 right now 15 push-ups week
Unduli you my cameraman said she already
did them today sure all right
you know he's does he know he's does
this push-ups before us well you make a
good cameraman buddy everyone says
you're good camera yeah there we go all
right guys you ready hop on the floor
let's do it baby yeah yeah
ready 1 2 3 4 5 12
we still caught up to mommy it's for
filming thanks for joining
it was so that's it you want to watch it
you guys subscribe to the channel and
then tomorrow at 3 o'clock you can watch
it if not that's ok you can still do it
just help down do it you don't want to
push up through sit ups do you know any
type of small exercise just add one a
day motivate you get you pump and see I
was all tired now I feel good where are
these common from man I think we should
open up a stinkbug farm he is not alive
don't kid and that's gonna be the
perfect place to say goodbye for the day
guys thanks for hanging out with us
today we did a lot of homework just one
work kids
home work work at home and you know
didn't vlog is probably much as I should
have but we're here streak still
continues and thank you guys for being
here camo hats pink hats on sale 10
bucks get one before they're gone oh
yeah yep you guys are watching us it's
all it's all about taking I will take
guys of now it's up love you guys it's
not even a thing it's not even issue I
love you guys so much thank you for your
support your love to our family we'll
see you tomorrow you're beautiful
one-of-a-kind smile
you
