honey are you ready I'm so so so my poor
out of shape man oh boy oh dude I heard
every everything in minds our body is my
tongue you're telling my eyeball perfect
I am sore and places I've never been
sordid I'm not making a job they hire
the tire dude I feel like I'm 95 years
old right now I'm trying to get out of
here wait you're not 95 not not yet
welcome to the vlog guys we are out of
Maryland today we're gonna go home
tomorrow but we're gonna go on today and
surprise the kids you need get home so
late I know you're gonna be imaginary in
bed so surprised were at least we're
gonna be home though that's if you miss
yesterday's vlog I took a beating I did
really well but I learned a lot and that
is that I'm out of shape you guys see me
I'm active I do a lot of things but
that's not enough it's not enough
I'm so sore from the back flipping of
the bike
go yeah to the tire I'm eating me
and then the dirt bike I got on and
landed a backflip on the first attempt
of my life
so lucky man so lucky what a great day I
got my tweezers bottle your tweezers
that's what I used to clean all the dirt
under her nose super super quick trip
but one of the funnest I think
yesterday's vlog will be one of my
favorite vlogs for a very long time I
think I would rewatch that in the future
and just smile it was just something
I've always dreamed of doing
and just some I never thought would
happen so thank you guys for being there
and being here and die it's awesome so
let's let's go I'm pretty sore today
anyone in your like you know anybody we
can stop get a quick massage before the
airport anything like that yeah you can
you can even think that it a quick
massage here like a quick
I got quick just like a 1 not just one
not numb out if they can do they can
leave the boxes behind you and you can
run this really quick massage head into
the airport back to Ohio man it's
beautiful here
very beautiful you want to make a bet
with me well if it's rainy today no
we're gonna get home really late so our
kids are gonna be in bed do you think
Kane will be sleeping in his Motocross
sure
yeah in pants probably not boots just
dirt and all I'm gonna say he's not him
okay if he's awake for some reason he
will be at him if he's not awake I'm
gonna say he's not nice to meet you man
hey gotta add to our collection of
magnets we are in Maryland which I don't
believe I have a magnet grab a crime so
what this is here's the deal and I've
known this for a long time I have to
start working out and I'm gonna do that
you have my word
right after I eat this cheeseburger no
open it before you eat it I'm hurting
I'm a mess you don't own it and inspect
it before you eat it
I don't inspect it I don't you know why
what do you what do you think what do
you think you're gonna find if you open
that burger up if you think you're gonna
find something it mean people have found
stuff in it I found a band-aid in mine
once but that was as you're eating it if
you were to just open it
God would have found it I didn't find
the band-aid until it was in my mouth
that's a true honest-to-god story that
really happened
another day another airport
we just landed in Atlanta Georgia have
to take a train terminal terminal but
the train is broken so look how crowded
the walkway is oh this is sweet these
are the things you miss if you take the
train you get all the germs on the
handles of the train what doesn't kill
you makes you stronger
yeah we're in Georgia there we just
landed in Georgia there isn't they're
straight flights from Columbus to
Georgia Georgia to Columbus so we had to
stop in Atlanta there is nested
said I've no idea what now Skype likes
to profits from their diameter pleasure
to welcome you to Columbus the local
time here is 1147 just getting back to
the airport we got here to pick up our
brand-new corn you're telling me what
happened
no it's not like he said something fell
on it no no it didn't fit on it it
failed on uh-oh dude
what I just he he says he says he's
taking us to our car yes that we have
like a whole place apart everything you
got a final police report
yeah that's why you know if they say it
sees a policy thing of this Airport when
something when something happens here
and stuff like that you
so if nothing fell on it is there that
is there no damage no not at all
nothing happened to the car just the
thing is fell off just right there like
a couple couple feet away from the cop
so and they say that still we need to do
police report that you're safe and very
simple up a lot whatever come home baby
oh it's good to be home oh my gosh man
how did you let this happen man oh my
gosh this is it yeah this is the big
accident what happened you try to drive
through it in you you try to drive
through it
party on see then it is sick and things
hurt your part no no it's only to throw
2012 plane I'll get a quick police
report here and uh apparently he was
doing about 30 40 miles per hour yeah
much like it went through that gate man
he won't tell me though hard for me
question then well I don't really know
what just happened but my brain is
telling me that they just don't break
off but it has to be pushed be broke
could be totally wrong I don't know
things have been weird crap happens I
don't see any damage to the car so I I
can't really argue with their what
they're telling me I like to always
believe that I'm being told the truth I
don't see damage to the car so maybe the
thing did fall off but you know like I
don't know there is like something up
there but it's hard to tell because it's
dark so but we're on our way
if we find damage we have to call and
report it and the police took a report
bla bla bla
we're home we're home and that's the
important part we're safe happy going
home to see the kids hey guys hey boy
hey flash
call me sensible you can stay here he's
not wearing his motocross stuff hi buddy
how are you guys we are back home I'm
gonna go ahead and extend this vlog into
the morning which will be like a split
second for you guys we're gonna go ahead
and sleep I'm gonna wake up get the kids
in the vlog a little bit and it's just
been a travel vlog so I wanna I want to
get some family in it and uh you know
some memories in this vlog I love you
guys thanks for coming home with us I'll
see you in like a split second is this
what you want me to wear you want me to
rock the boots all right I'll do that
I'll get my Texas on this morning let me
see your outfit this is self dress this
morning I love it let's do it there's
the pups oh it's beautiful out guys I
can't keep this going too long because I
do have to start tomorrow's blog but I
at least want to come on say hi see the
kids
don't you even zoos that is not your
ball nope mm-hmm how am I supposed to
dribble how am I supposed to dribble now
anything with Aaron who just claims as
his immediately that's a good idea
Zeus can drink out of it flash can swim
in it I know what you want to do you
don't have to tell me just open the
garage dad ooh you got some mud on here
while I was gone
what's up you sneaking walk out here
like yes what are you doing on so I'm
doing Emily's face paint tomorrow for a
Halloween party just one do and I just
had to order a couple new things this is
glitter sprinkles for cake what is it
yeah here you wanna try it once your
hand yeah where does it bar what is that
that is a day runner wait wait don't you
get my Gaga uh well its day two on
soreness and I'm feeling it's not as bad
as yesterday but just my leg like my
upper legs are just brutal man that
being said I got a serious question for
you guys like if you know anybody that
can build me like legit like I want a
foam pit like like a real one not a
cheesy one not like a kids pool Phila
foam I like I want a real bill foam pit
like we just played with the Travis's so
if you know anybody seriously like
serious inquiries guys like for real
let's make it happen there you go there
you go nice he's getting braver we're
gonna have to start building I already
know it because they're building stuff
look at him there you go you're doing
burnouts
always feels good to be home guys no
matter what no matter where I go it's
good to be home
this little demon what you doing dude
it starts right there be doing awesome
do right after I get we got to edit this
vlog get it up and start tomorrow's blog
maybe we're going to build some kind of
half job track out that cost fo thank
you guys for hanging out with us today
we will see you tomorrow head on over I
got Dom last week I asked you guys what
should we livestream next because we've
been doing a lot of live streams and
I've kind of run out ideas and I asked
you guys for ideas I left we went
through the comments we came up with the
top three that I thought would be really
fun one being a huge giveaway which to
me actually sounds amazing because it's
more of a one on one live stream and
lately we've been doing like skydiving
drag racing uh things that I'm not
really as personal with you guys as I am
with the vlog so let's try to do
something that's really one-on-one but
the point is we've come up with the
three things head over to my live dot me
account in vote you can actually go vote
on each one in whichever one wins that's
what I'm gonna livestream the link is in
the top of the description click it
Sunday I think 3 p.m. it could be 5 p.m.
I would definitely let you guys know I
am going to do whatever that livestream
is so please cast your vote click the
link in the top of my description let's
make it as fun as possible and let's get
this vlog done so we can start tomorrow
thanks for joining us on all our
journeys it's crazy one day we can be
doing fun crazy stuff in a different
state the next day we can literally just
be sitting on a plane all day so thanks
for being here for both those style
vlogs we love you you're beautiful you
are one of a kind smile mwah come here
come here boy I love you
you
