welcome to the vlog guys hope you are
having a perfect day knowing I are about
to jump on a plane head back home see
Britney and Cain and ready ready to rock
back feels good
taking your different flips on the bed
we went to the trampoline place late
last night I blew my knee out which
feels pretty good today and no blues
back house so this is Noah's ice bag
from last night we go dude I always feel
like we're forgetting stuff like always
I know there's nothing that bad going
down if you did not watch yesterday's
four please check it out we had such a
good time here in Mississippi excited to
get home but wow good time man we did
basketball we did the beach we did
bowling we went to the arcade we went to
the trampoline park jeez it's warm out
man
I'm not leaving terms let's just go back
though tell goodbye Gulfport
you have made this trip amazing man
awesome thank you so much okay
I'll say goodbye all right no to the
palm trees dude it's so warm those
carrying his coat today there's palm
trees and bricks it's smells amazing
Brittany just posted a picture on
Instagram of hurricanes in the snow so
we're just hours away from that do you
want your picture taken with the
gingerbread man and you look pretty buff
dudes Aram
I started at the bottom of the escalator
yes we cannot forget this we've actually
never been to Mississippi so we collect
magnets everywhere we go most you guys
know that we got to get a magnet are
those magnets yeah what that take up
your whole board oh these are cool
ladies fish Wow Mississippi fish okay we
got the drone out we're flying above the
airport
watch your step little one
the worst time have all this energy is
on a plane no he's freaking out dude
there's no candy stop
there's no oh my gosh come on come on we
made it to Atlanta we might as well just
get a place where that's where all the
flights are if we lived in Georgia then
we have straight flights
oh do they got your backpack dude that's
the one you want right we need like a
playground to burn energy well we uh we
missed our we missed our in this park
there was so much people on the shape to
the Instagram no look at the one behind
us
it was packed bumper-to-bumper we missed
be how we feel all the way around its
kissing your hyperness
and that concludes our travel video but
here's the thing we're gonna stay at the
airport for 24 hours right cuz that's
the new trend right 24 hours in the
where we could go under these seats what
right there nobody'll see us oh my gosh
you could get in there okay
I'm gonna be honest I just want to go
home
you sure you wanna you don't want to
stay I don't understand forget this
challenge we did the two minute
challenge two minute nobody's done that
is it even possible know that the first
bag is ours I was thinking it never
happens get it get it get it get it get
it get it
we just witnessed history right there is
us and we are lucky really lucky we were
so excited like to get not to the cold
but to the snow and the rain came and
not it always came here with the rain
most of them yeah
the good news is were home guys I hope
you enjoyed our trip to Mississippi I
know I did I think you did you have a
good time it was amazing
oh so quick it's like we're there we're
back it's uh crazy man time is crazy a
car up there is driving like a maniac
how do we put this up there we go
I love you so much dude I'd agree this
time with you man I'm not like no oh
yeah you guys remember last Sunday seems
like yesterday last Sunday I was so
excited to go get my boy Noah I mean I
was you can see it my face I was so
happy
well today is the opposite Sunday it's
already Sunday again and that means I
had to drop Noah off aah
what you gonna do it you want to go
right you want to go right go right go
right
no make up your mind you want it okay
you're going left
all right go left we all got our issues
man I am gonna stop and get ice cream
for Kane and Brittany just in case she's
not feeling that great maybe some ice
cream will cheer up I don't think it's
gonna make her feel better like ice does
it make you feel I don't think so I
don't think maybe I want the ice cream
maybe I'm stopping for me and I'm just
hi buddy
oh boy hello where's my family are you
talking to me like that don't you talk
to me like dead where's mommy where's
Kane where is he where
hahaha
Zeus ratted you out this ratted you out
hi bud oh hey mommy so happy oh I missed
you guys so much look at this love you
like a Klingon you got the double legs
wrapped I don't think he's letting go of
you hey hey are you guys good how are
you I'm awesome alright just cut me
better right now hey hey just make you
make your make yourself at home
is this what Mommy lets you I got you
letter Lu that look at that face look
please football don't kick me off the
cow are you out on the couch Wow
Zeus my man I'm back I'm back hey I
stopped and got you guys something no
way yeah only the healthy stuff double
chocolate Reese's or what is it what is
it what are you doing what is going on
with your steps dude
Oh kate and kane uncharted
alright guys welcome to the current day
here at the Atwood house I uh what you
doing buddy building uh a blue and arrow
a lot of you guys actually love when I
do the current day vlogs I'm not doing
it because you actually like I'm doing
it because I got home last night I threw
my camera into the corner of that couch
and I never I never picked it up again
we ended up watching movies and we hung
out when goofed off and now here we are
um
cain't found uh masking tape that
painters tape whatever this is called
and uh dude it was a it was like a bow
and arrow now it's just I don't know
what it is we have to go wake mommy up
soon because it's we've got to I am so
excited to see this one it's done Han
I hope you have enough tape beshi
ha ha you would do it to me King took
all the Christmas tree decorations off
he said we need to go get decorations
and I kind of agree because we set up
this tree last week and we storm and
decorated it it's still sitting here so
we need to go do decorations I mean we
have some but not enough for this what
is this is this the blue hot wheels tape
sword yeah what's going on here is this
like a drawer lock so you can't open it
anyway guys coming on here to tell you
we made it home we want the in the vlog
appropriately are these guys just play
with me hope you guys are having a
perfect day whether it's morning
lunchtime nighttime whatever time it is
I hope it's going great I also want to
thank you again for all the support on
yesterday's vlog Keegan and Kaden have
texted me I got their numbers and we
have been talking and they are just so
happy you guys showed and gave so much
love to these boys so thank you for
being so supportive on these little
missions that we do and I just couldn't
be happier
thank you guys so much today's vlog is
short but it is a vlog baby we're still
going
thanks for being here you're a beautiful
I just love you guys smama ah
you
