trying to get out boy trying to get out
oh there you go
kept us from getting on the roof didn't
they hey guys welcome to the vlog today
is incredibly a fun and special day Noah
is here with me we flew to Mississippi
not even sure what time what town are we
in I actually told her where we're at
we're actually ready to go right now
we're gonna head out and uh let's do
this you excited this is gonna be really
cool man
are you still wake it up I feel like I'm
still waking up with it
ready to go haha he didn't budge I
thought I was gonna scare you man got a
very quick driver meeting up with
somebody that's gonna help explain
exactly what we're doing today and we
got this crazy boss Mississippi you not
ever been here what's his town called
yeah yeah like where we know like what
town are we on this is a Berber
I prefer a Berber and this is uh Biloxi
and D'Iberville okay so we've arrived at
the first home and explained help me
explain to my viewers exactly what we're
doing today so that you're with
make-a-wish hi guys I am Marcia McGowan
with make-a-wish I'm a volunteer with
make-a-wish of Mississippi and what
we're here today is to meet with Keegan
and his family and the make-a-wish
grants wishes to children who have
life-threatening illnesses so he is in
love with you and he is here you're here
to help make this wish a dream for him
so we'll see how that goes today
that's such an honor so I got my boy
Noah and we are ready and we're here you
ready to do this make this kid's day
he's gonna make our day
so it was Christmastime
knock-knock
what's up hey nobody
I found you ready have some fun what's
up buddy how are you
we're ready to rock man I'm vlogging
you're me in the blog this is your
Christmas list
okay GoPro so I can make dope vids cuz
I'm a savage haha go for accessories
three Roman Atwood because he's awesome
dude you are awesome and this is a real
list of he make this like we got here
half one of you back then and I made a
half body of you now oh man oh my nose
like this didn't you know what yes
like when you're in the boxer you're
shaking it to the top comment on
yesterday's vlog is no please start
vlogging these came out so good so we
get to st. Jude and I didn't really know
about y'all watch two pranks but we
we're a fun family like we donut but we
get to st. Jude and this dude you know
weekly got really bad news for Christmas
last year and the doctor waited until
after we had Christmas and we went the
following Monday and he told us and we
thought they were going to be chopping
his legs off and and it turned out that
not that way but you got this kid
through cans
every day at 2 o'clock when your videos
came up he didn't care what anyone was
doing if they were scheduled to give him
chemo if he was good to have an x-ray
the world stopped and you came on and he
looked forward to is a sad everyday you
up their kids cancer fun and and since
we've been home the paintwork is I mean
he had the opportunity to go anywhere in
the world probably you do realize you
could have asked me anybody right man it
is a more of an honor than you ever know
like it's it's such an honor when I get
home from school I don't even do my
homework i watching this awesome about
it but when I watch you it gets me to do
my homework motivate yeah out of it well
that's good to hear right right I
definitely try to motivate we're on your
time today anything you want to do we
can literally sit on that couch we can
go out we can it's all you and let's go
play basketball basketball I'm one of
the best basketball players in the world
he must know apparently he was trying to
play basketball all day but they
wouldn't let him go out because he might
see us come good job that is all
Oh
chuckles this dude something like this
except well it's like a hundred degrees
in here
we're gonna cook you dude we're gonna
cook you yeah so you make some YouTube
videos right but you don't have a camera
at all do you want to go get a new
camera okay
I actually have a brand-new never used
brand new g7x
the number two that you can have it's
yours if you want that one or you want
still go to Best Buy you guys got a boat
yeah oh man look at that
yep so this turns on I got I'll put them
little wind screens on for you and then
the red button records this weekend we
can record it up blog it like this
yeah is it recording yep you're all set
so guys we're at the beach right now and
um yeah we're just looking at the leaves
it's beautiful bea utiful this video
needs to be reached to Roman Atwood
I want him to be part of my make-a-wish
and I'm Romans number one fan jersey
number one man and
yeah
oh geez that maybe maybe maybe we can
put that on multiple chips yeah I'll
take some there we go there we go okay
you go on go for it
there's places dude at first I was like
you got this are you ready not ready
money means we're all doing it I'm doing
it - I'm doing it - Mon I'll do it no
what you gonna do it here you take this
yeah not bad all right I have to do it
now you go on pops yeah see come on man
oh my gosh giddy come on dude me and you
together same time come on alright we're
gonna cheers Cheers
here we go you ready
that's dumb
I'm his face is getting red
how about as I thought it would be
looking at you guys think we gotta take
no hmm I guess hotter mm-hmm there you
go
good job dude you did it what alright
we're getting back to the house I got
some gifts for you man
we brought you this is for my brother
it's a full kit of all his dominoes tons
of stackers and bridges and and these
are sweet before glow-in-the-dark oh
wait wait I remember watching this video
the other day where he made the little
Domino's that's now dude yeah little
things that you keep oh my gosh yeah
tons small more stuff oh my gosh I've
always wanted these magic all right dude
you are now better setup than I am right
now then this is this is well it's the
new g7x which I'm not even using so
there you go it's all yours dude locked
and loaded I expect to see some videos
what's your YouTube channel Keegan
Harrell I'm ke e GaN space har or yellow
all right guys go show him some love
Noah subscribed to you white on the set
I go back to sleep so we had this idea
that I would be under his tree Christmas
morning so we're actually going to film
a little skit for his channel right now
ready
it's Christmas
let me move your soldier did not well
yeah that too I guess
thank you for that see you buddy you the
man
mom dad thanks let me into your life got
some amazing boys Dan how was that buddy
that was great right it's amazing
amazing I honestly believe that I take
away more than they get I don't feel
like I give what I'm getting out of it
like to have that honor to have somebody
all they want to do instead of going to
Disneyland instead of meeting the rock
they asked to meet me I know like I was
thinking out of all the probably
millions of youtubers Brett but us for
years II the one-minute fit yeah you're
probably sitting there thinking like why
did he pick my dad out of all the
youtubers and all the celebrities
anybody in the world Keegan you are
awesome dude um he left me speechless
man thank you for the visit thank you
for allowing me into your home and Noah
we had we had a great
he did so thank you for that ran to the
store got some snacks Aaron I know you
wanna okay yeah that's pretty crazy
there is another his name is Kaden we
are now going to Kayden's house which is
another kid who has made a wish - so
crazy the only about 30 minutes in a
different city okay so we are coming to
meet Kaden how old is Kaden well okay
Kaden is 12 he's about to come to this
awesome arcade bowling alley for what's
he coming here for are you yeah but he
doesn't know it's for me just a bowl
with dad and his brothers okay cool so
he's coming here to bowl with his
brother and his dad but we're gonna be
here waiting for him that should be a
pretty cool surprise so Kaden has
absolutely no idea that this all you
guys are here like the family's here and
he's just gonna come in the door and
then no and I are also gonna be here and
far as I know he has no idea so that's
always super exciting you're nervous
okay so we study they said he's a is
more of a shy guy like you you're pretty
shy for a while so I'm gonna hide behind
the door you can come and see his family
and hey here we go here we come
your birthday right
sure do you think this trash taken out
no seriously you need to check it out
I'm just here to help surprise your
family set you up man washing your vlog
before you uh oh really the noon so you
had no idea where I was going
the secret mission I saw them band back
there I was wondering oh he's your van
cuz it was in the hall yesterday all
right you want to blog good blog hi this
is marvelous
here's Roman I stink
I do not know
oh it should be our goal to get some
good bowling on this video guys we are
really we really need to impress these
guys and right now a little bit
embarrassed all right as close to what I
was talking about right there we need
more of that you did it
you like filming yeah you gotta get sure
you gotta get you gotta start vlogging
but really take it 20 it says 20 that's
gonna be a lot of quarters 4 times 20
how many quarters is that 4 times 24
times 20 is Oh
Oh give me this no dude it's so easy
times
let's board up there you go yeah oh oh
here we go
I'm gonna really bizarre oh yeah that's
a lot of quarters man we can eight we
can each get twenty pinball dude we're
set
have you ever played pinball this your
first time awesome
do it let's do it
no five better than violets right ray
saw so ray saw Kate inverse Noah Kaden's
got the GTR
oh it's coming back karma like that
sword oh alright let's do it uh thank
you would you kick the lights off oh
nice
we brought you a giant bag of small more
stuff like full tons of t-shirts folders
everything you can think of and my
brother sent a huge box of his Domino's
do you like that one yeah it's pretty
cool I mean tell everybody a joke let's
hear it how do you fix up but how let's
go mate oh hey so I heard this is like
your favorite food Oh close to it yeah
my sources were wrong but I read a
Japanese Steakhouse we're gonna do some
cooking unfold and swing your little
flames - yeah he's gonna get warm tell
me tell me one more joke
we go
do you know what a Walkman is but
Walkman I don't we gotta go to a best
boy I gotta get a new Walkman who knows
what a Walkman is you know you don't
know how to walk on it no what do you
know what a Walkman is do you know what
a Walkman is am i that old you guys you
guys you guys no longer the best part
get a new Walkman I don't like minute
dude they're so awesome
do you know what a cassette tape is I am
okay a Walkman is what you put a
cassette tape in to listen to music so
we're gonna go get one cuz they're
awesome
now it wasn't even like five five
minutes after meeting you
you pulled out your iPod and you're like
i have smile link which is my game but
he couldn't play it cuz i'm so laggy so
i want to take you to Best Buy and get
you the best iPod that we can get I can
sing whatever you want me as a Christmas
gift okay thank you and you can pick
whatever you want out all right so we've
decided the iPod does have enough power
for my man here so he's going with the
iPad pro did you saw how big this is
right yeah it's like carrying around a
Samsung TV it's huge ha have you seen
these look at this look at this iPad I'm
gonna compare it to my face yeah oh it's
sweet oh you're gonna be able to do
anything on that it's so big I can watch
TV on this well I can what is a TV I
could watch your vlog on this you happy
dude
I'll get this goody bag whoo give me
five how was your day
did you love that it was it was quite
inspiring
we have just said our final goodbyes to
Caden in his beautiful family what a
great just drop what a great time Caden
you're amazing dude thank you for
inviting me to your just be part of your
family today
it was enjoy that new iPad dude he got
the coolest I thought I even though they
made those in he got you it was a gold
okay here's the thing the vlog was
actually over right now and we found out
that our hotel is right by the indoor
trampoline park which is actually the
arcade in the bowling alley we were at
today are you sure that's it that's
really far Noah really really really
wanted to come here burn some energy I'm
exhausted I don't know how you stuff
energy how I told you this morning you
said all your gonna be exhausted by
ontology that I will not be exhausted
our original idea was to get back
tonight edit the vlog and then go to the
pool but the pool is under construction
how is it possible okay dude so that's
not the most reassuring thing in the
front of a trampoline park huh
it's gonna be a madhouse who can do -
who can do the best trick
hi he's going he's got me oh okay see ya
this is awesome
get it boy oh so close one
oh you had it keep going keep going
yes dad it was awesome
I've never been able to do that my life
he's so straight
okay well that was a fun interesting
we're both leaving very sore my knee is
shot you know what they sucks that
you're back what makes me feel a little
better than I'm not just too old but we
both got hurt make me feel better
because we're both hurt okay so what was
worse did the hot sauce today or the
back oh that's gonna last a while yeah
that's just fake warmed off
yeah I keep this ice on there maybe
maybe put this yeah
well guys were settling down we're
trying to say our goodbyes I've been
I've been just really really struck
today by emotionally and always an
eye-opener when I meet you guys of what
these videos do for some of you some of
you it's just you brush it off it's
entertainment it is what it is some of
you it's it's affecting your life's and
smile more as a movement and and these
vlogs motivate you and inspire you to do
better things and become better versions
of who you are right now thank you so
much uh Keegan and Caden today I wish I
could meet every single one of you like
how do I meet more people I am I'm
extremely drawn to this I have an
extreme passion for meeting you guys
absolutely love and am honored that some
of you request to literally make a wish
to meet me it just blows my mind
I don't even wanna show you guys all
this but Keegan's family made me an
entire book of his whole journey and
everything he's been through in it is
just thank you guys so much um if you
would love to see more vlogs I'm gonna
be doing a lot more of these um whether
I vlog it or not I don't know some
families don't want to necessarily be on
the vlog like that I would have to
respect that and I would definitely do
that so huge thumbs up if you like these
type of vlogs um I'm definitely doing
I'm either way like this is something
I'm really really into and I'm really
passionate about dude awesome trip with
you we're gonna fly back in the morning
back to Ohio see Brittany see Cain
hopefully she's feeling better that's so
important right now that she just gets
back out like I'm so tired of her
feeling like crap it sucks that is that
guys thank you for everything thank you
thank you thank you we will see you
tomorrow keep going keep pushing you are
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
you
you
