welcome to the vlog guys can you have
done a terrific job dude I don't know if
this is possible I need everybody to
gather Noah I need you oh my gosh what
if it's not even what we think it is
we don't even know I never seen
something has arrived to our house today
that we think we're not sure that's true
like come here I got to show you what
you even doing dude
where you at if it is what I think it is
come on come on come here we need a
knife two boxes have arrived today which
if this is what we think it is this
would happen very very quickly from what
I've heard this takes a long time to
receive so see what's in here
just bubble wrap that's it as soon as I
thought of the play button uh-oh could
that really be them already Oh give me
five dude you're gonna see what is this
women needs Akane it is here you just
touched it with your fingers Hani oh
mylanta is it heavy oh my gosh I'm so
excited look how beautiful that thing is
except for Brittany's paw prints umm
what a time for I think we should have
wrapped him and put him under the tree
and had to wait til Christmas to open I
couldn't I couldn't oh you just drill a
hole here you pus
hey open it this is like what about me
why is it uh how many years of YouTube
now help me slide this out at a hundred
thousand we thought not bad that's a
healthy new channel at 1 million we
thought wow this creators got something
pretty awesome going on but at 10
million at this point we are actually
scratching our heads how the heck did
you do that 10 million subscribers isn't
just a lot of people it's more than the
entire population of New York City the
fact is you're no longer just a great
channel you are a movement you amaze us
and inspire us every day keep it coming
thanks you to correct that seal baby yo
this means it's the first time I've ever
touched
I don't play you know what you got to
die with my buttons now what you trying
to quit there's nothing higher right
both channels tonight whoo it's so cold
it's foggy what do you think then you
got it ah Wow did you display it this
way no I see you
that's super crazy I feel like this is
the appropriate time to say huge thank
you to our beautiful viewers uh you guys
you guys have I've done this this is uh
this is a massive massive achievement I
think the kids event where you going
were you going
are you taking it to your room guys uh
Wow okay another off-guard moment
because we didn't expect I didn't expect
to see these for a very long time I mean
I didn't expect like yeah we hit it but
I didn't expect to get them for a long
time and honestly I didn't expect to get
both on the same day like that's thank
you so much Merry Christmas guys that's
that's it Merry Christmas I thought you
wanted right that's I'm completely
satisfied I mean fucking completely says
thank you guys so much for once again on
the greatest Christmas this is already
like I think imagine if you guys would
have not told me these came and you
wrapped them
can you imagine I would have never know
and I just was like opening Christmas
gifts and then well I get faulty boxes
in the store I was like what are these
we did not expect to get these at all
have to be the play button she's like
yeah I had to sign for him I hope they
are Zeus you seem so excited maybe we
should get you a 10,000,000 dog bone
like a 10 million diamond dog bone I
know you haven't been around that long
but you still part of the family
dude I'm on your team I'm on your side
flash chill chill we are actually about
to head out into little festivities
little Christmas activities with the fam
and the boys you do them first no much
up trying to make me honk although I
have a whole aah
all right go get dressed low elf you've
been wearing that for 24 hours everybody
got everything your sanity your brain
your smarts your wits are you even
buckled in
no that's why you just believe that
buckle in it oh you're not do mr. rubble
you don't need seat belt you're above
the law we're going to Bethlehem all the
way to Bethlehem
all the way to vent okay that's not that
far of a drive actually I expected to be
further I mean a few years back
are we dressed appropriately for better
Bethlehem
we're gonna go uh ride a camel we're
going to 12 camels this year no camels
dude be definitely a sheep a sheep
she is sheep okay for one sheep or gonna
have to be more than one to say sheep
why do you say sheeps if there's more
than one no you just say sheep
object I'm genuinely confused because if
you're going to see duck
you wouldn't sit you would say duck well
there's a certain name for a herd of
sheeps but I heard of sheeps
sheep but I don't know what it is but
they hate you I'm gonna go write a sheep
exactly so there must be a word for just
one single Emily Oh crazy monster you
may have some fun this should be cool no
you don't have fun I'm not fun either I
would film the UFO but you know it's
like do I really vlog it off uh hey you
guys think you guys get through these
guards dude those those our own soldiers
did you on the card am I
are you gonna hang out with me you want
me to hold your mother
whoa let me see how much gold you have
no worries no I'm not gonna steal it why
would I want gold ribbon ribbon oh oh
golfy give me that gold boy you got to
spend your gold to get candy this is the
candy shop
are you buying some candy that la me
what that's la me
whoa is it just me as he look like he's
about to spit in my face ladies chickens
I don't know if I have you look at that
thing do we got to go visit our donkey
Empire I saw him the other day dude look
at the llama did talk to the llama all
right we just paid a lot of gold for
these blocks guys let's go to a full
house we're never gonna build a house
with hurricane here is it weird how many
natural disasters cane rhymes like like
volcano hurricane like here's their door
it's kind of coming together guys kind
of look so good tonight
you guys think you can destroy our house
way to go Rex you guys did it way to go
okay so everybody's making clay pots and
doing festivities no and I are designing
on money using the gold coins they gave
us we're gonna make a mold
we've gotta pour make our own money I
don't think it's gonna work did Oh
awesome you you're you get you get a
headband bro
actually I just I just picked one out
the other day so I'm good
decisions decisions you can only have 20
each oh one one I misunderstood and we
have milk and water would you like a
glass of milk or buy some wine I'm going
for a brownie I know that brownies are
good did you guys have fun awesome
yeah it was fun it's something different
you know had a great time just getting
the kids out doing something different
meeting is such nice people and it was
awesome I had a really good time glad we
went it's really hot you liked it well
you guys got headbands and and Christmas
ornaments and anything just to be around
family and to be together is a-ok
did you guys eat the play buttons ha
flash
I could see flash doing that it's like
when I'm crazy like fairy tale idea
dreams that you're like y'all I'm gonna
be a youtuber and it actually happens
like I don't know what to say I will say
this they figured out a way to make them
beautiful I mean they're beautiful with
the gold ones that give you like these
big frames and you just hang them up
these guys there's there's nothing I
mean there's nothing it's just it's just
that I think I want to turn this wall
into our YouTube stuff gold buttons
diamond buttons silver buttons they're
jumping on the couch and it comes off
and cuts their head open
you're worried about their heads I was
worried about the buttons what if the
buttons form all right cut cane
excellent job on the Christmas tree dude
look at that it is perfect
he did a great job throwing some what's
afoot boom Garland Carol Kane just
grinded it see you grindin you are here
grinding oh that all being said guys we
are gonna we're gonna call it a night
keen let's play some video games with me
mommy wants to watch a movie and look at
that face jeez we all thank you from the
balm ball or its gosh we're always blown
away by your crazy amount of support and
love you give to this family this crazy
cuckoo bird family later we will see you
tomorrow tell me where the heck I should
put these buttons man I think we should
like put a shelf up or something but
then is it annoying that they're in
every vlogger like if I shut it logs
would that come off it's kind of
annoying that every time I'm vlogging
you guys see those like I don't want to
be like that I do want to display them
but maybe it's a little annoying like in
the face
either way guys I we love you and thank
you for everything man we have nothing
we have none of those we have so little
without you so thank you you'll see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
