today is the day today is the day that
we play ha ha it's right there it's
sticking out grab it it's right there
pull it pull it pull it pull it harder
harder
I guess govern from here just pick them
up know what today is do you know what
today is
today's the day it has rained so much
dude this was snow we would be playing
for days like it would be deep deep snow
what is it every inch of snow is like
how many inches of rain I said that
backward
how many inches of rain equals an inch
of snow no aah an inch of rain equals
how much snow it's like seven inches
right an inch of rain if you get an inch
of rain that's like seven inches of snow
or something like that I could be wrong
but it's a lot so yeah we would have
like a ton of snow anyway got my boys
with me we are headed out today's the
day that we put up the family Christmas
tree this is a big day this is a big day
every year you guys know how I take the
tree down that's been that's been some
interesting moments
me and the boys are running out they got
a couple gift cards that they're gonna
buy me Christmas presents with right I
actually haven't got tags for my GTR
they are expired still so I'm wanting to
do that you guys gonna chill here for
sure for surely on toast you want to
keep the camera sure you got here it's
all yours I don't know what to say so
I'm gonna say hi member thing you didn't
film anything you're fired
did you feel anything you're fired I
asked him why he said no because Danny
won't see it what he gave me the camera
and he's gonna enter so yeah I will
that's all right daddy I'll do it have
you ever spent fifty five dollars on a
sticker I have you have dang right there
goes on my license plate dollar fifty
bucks what a deal right all right it's
expensive to drive man I can lose this
before I even get to my car I get a
literally lose this sticker all right so
we got to get this tree up today but I'm
you guys hungry I'm hungry
you want to eat yeah gonna grab some
food real quick Brittney is buried in
smile more she's been working in the
store so I figured I'd take the kids out
we get a couple things done before we
set that tree up cane looks like some
type of yin-yang with a flower and a
half your name is king who's this guy
Johnny Bravo hey pretty Liddy little bit
you are so lucky mommy's not here that
is cotton candy on top of your drink oh
okay you get take a lit up where you can
see a little bit you just shove it down
in there yeah I just poke a straw
through it but see why I'm starting
to think hey you know this oh there goes
sure
that's why it's called fizz look at it
fizz dude I got ribs steak potatoes mac
and cheese steak that looks so good
chicken pot pie good call
oh my gosh everybody feel better feel
good stuffed I feel like oh I need canes
muscles you know we don't have and we
never have every year a tree or an angel
or something for on top of our Christmas
tree we never have a topper never do you
guys believe in Christmas miracles
because we just got front row parking
that is miracle levels right there yeah
I'm on the curb like I want to call that
talks crap you know like you you turn
off is like now please get the heck out
of me no you just have to get out cause
the car says so please shut my door now
what are you for Mars
what are you from Mars get your dirty
shoes off me
see we should totally get this for
Britney she get that for mommy you guys
want to get matching outfits for our
tree picture tonight you want to ok
these are these are mommy's sizes which
one do you want to get her mrs. Claus or
Nutcracker so you can be Santa Claus
okay that's a onesie D exactly okay this
is amazing what size of you is that cool
I think you'd be a sticks I think this
is you I love that
okay foot in the car think you can
squeeze into the eight oh right here aw
it's girls are you gonna wear this
so you had $25 each they got gift cards
um and you got nerf guns and everything
you guys probably have piles of nerf
guns and you got more nerf guns can you
ever have enough nerf guns
explain to me little buddy I'm always
playing with them with the kids but
never well no because someone always
wants the gun that I want I know they're
the gas I'm gonna get so now you got
your own gun I'm with you dude I'm with
you man
nope no but nobody's gonna take your gun
we are gonna get home and set up in our
ridiculous outfits our Christmas tree
who's behind me we made it we made a
Zeus oh my gosh is that the tree those
are huge
can't just went straight this room to
put his um costume on his outfit pajamas
how's that to go suit girl done with
work got a shower took a nap you're set
you ready to build this tree nicely
ready to build this tree I am I was
feeling this is a project like these are
some huge boxes up tonight I got the two
best elfs in the business ready to build
this tree Hey Baby you ready to rock it
as you I mean we saw it and we knew we
just couldn't pass it up on Kane
he picked it there was a mrs. Claus
woman he wanted this one the peanut
cracker is called peanut Farish I think
mrs. Claus would be perfect you're Santa
Claus I know we go tree boy you ready to
go a Christmas tree huh number two
remove content from the box boxes and
set aside a bag of extra whitespace
hinges pins wash I'm not doing this that
is way too much washers pins bolts did I
hear that correctly
I am here let's just go cut something
out of the backyard are Methos
next and you wanted a big tree
all right we're shipping Noah shipping
yourself oh we can ship both you guys in
this box where you guys want to go
Hawaii
Bora Bora Tahiti this is like you can't
leave this you want to hop in with them
I think he wants you to take the ball
with you yeah those reminders Laura's
you're on your way to Hawaii yeah all
right man wait wait do a Hawaii
simulator and like shake the box I could
get moving so yeah we got it we got to
make it look real right yeah okay you
guys have been gone for days now okay
you're hung I didn't pack no food for
you put your thumb on I feel a kinship
yeah here we go okay I'll direct this
you gotta ask Cain how he's feeling wait
wait what do you do while I'm shaking
the box you not I mean yeah you want me
to talk yeah okay ready yeah okay you're
an airplane being shipped on an airplane
I think can how are you doing before
yeah it's getting hot in here you need
food you guys need anything do you know
some snacks or something yes she's just
trying to give you his ball the whole
time
oh I got it in there here's this alright
we're never gonna build this tree let's
go elf 1 open the tree stand elf to
start taking the bubble wrap off these
right you're done E and let's go let's
move let's do this you just woke up
oh it's on the stand when the paint
store was a truss that is the biggest
tree stand I've ever seen yeah alright
this is either the wiring diagram or
this is a time machine can you figure
that out hard part is that how we go
back in time is that how we wire the
tree
look at the boat each section has one
piece except for section three it's okay
here's what I want you to do I'm gonna
build this sucker
and you're gonna wire it okay anti-flash
teardown system oh my gosh
I've been wash where did you find paper
oh it's definitely gonna have to come
out from the hall songy this is huge
oh man it's so funny right now okay I
think we've all decided it's just way
too big for this spot it's huge okay so
here's what we decided this was way too
small not done with the wall but the
size so we bumped the pinball machine
down which states is now the posters
blocked and we bought the couch all the
way down I think we got this nice little
hole right here yeah I see it's gonna
make more sense once it's done but it's
gonna be up above that ceiling fan okay
so we got um length up then yeah at the
store we got rainbow lights and we're
gonna put them around Kings bed
probably okay I have an idea let's
so the lights right
also a flicker that's really cool
mine yeah it's nothing special but we
can okay sure my lights but they're
hanging from my own nothing cause I
don't remember what not Christmas lights
something special I want to get laying
extension cord so that I can cuz there's
an outlet behind my bed so I can hang
them up there lights off yeah here's the
thing in a while the tree is massive and
it's extremely realistic however it's a
fan-out
each one of them little things takes for
ever how long do you think you I don't
have probably yeah how long 25 minutes
looks thick you can see through it
yeah is this 6 yep the tree Bella no
there's a tree hugger us from get wet
but you still get wet now it's like a
little mix yeah oh oh boy get in put it
in you know I mind is still like every
time I look at you guys in the mail fits
all right so I gotta go out and get the
the ladder which has been left outside
which means it's soaked should be fun
view it should be a lot of fun no slip
don't slip
you're gonna dry it help on the shelf
perfect spot for the ladder to be cut
rained all day
oh come here dudes what you doing oh my
gosh
hey Griswold we're gonna put a tree that
big oh we got it this let's go buddy
come on come on this is so bad uh we're
coming in we're all coming in oh man we
almost have room to move in here I could
I could be wrong that's a 12 foot ladder
Oh to the tree after full witch oh dude
I don't know is this true
it's all wet huh the cameras just not
doing justice to this thing is
ridiculous your 411 so we're only not
even halfway or through a 1/3 fresh for
this yeah okay just to give you guys a
heads up I still got three pieces all
right it's already way above my my reach
look at his ladder if I straighten it
and I'm too far away from the tree there
we go five-o I don't know you I like to
bring this whole thing down with me do
it so far away
oh it's good try to shove it on there oh
you got it just gonna spin it
yeah
you
you guys got to be honest with me is
there a chance is there a chance that we
go tree that's just too darn big you so
he's just uh gonna throw it's beautiful
and I'm not gonna lie the camera doesn't
even do it just is a massive tree it
looks I think it looks good it looks
okay but building it was not fun this
was not like okay we waited all week we
was so excited have a good family time
we're gonna build this tree well that
just couldn't happen last night Brittany
was sick she just couldn't pull it off
so you even had a nap I was like get a
shower you'll feel good she just crashed
and burned so me and the boys knocked it
out I'm not gonna lie this might be our
tree like that's it oh I can't wait to
see you try haha I know a lot of you
guys have been loving these current-day
endings where you guys get to see what
we're doing in the exact day it's
actually hard harder for me to do this
because it cuts into tomorrow's but we
didn't get to say goodbye last night so
here we are there's our tree I want to
see every single one of your trees tweet
on Instagram however you get them to me
I want to see your guys's Christmas
trees this year and apparently Brittany
wants to hang some bananas and something
on their fruit some sort oh yeah yeah I
named it show them if you have a fake
tree like we do they sell these um since
make sure whole tree smell like a real
tree it's awesome this is pretty
impressive my hands if you see well I
think that we're all aware of that well
I mean you made it felt like everyone
history no I said if you use a fake oh
she's pregnant oh she's the pregnancies
kicking in people I also want to say
this cuz this is crazy
Noah was building the tree last night
what did you find in it I found a dirty
band-aid like an old dirty band-aid
what is with me and finding old
band-aids Noah found an old band-aid and
a brand new tree I have found a band-aid
a cheeseburger for McDonald's when I was
here indicates crude why I know but what
why why I might wipe hey the sphere is
kicking in our house is coming along and
that's it it's all we got
we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful send me them tree pics and
what else anything else nothin nothin
time to get a box guys I'm really
shipping you come on everybody thought
it was a joke but I'm really shipping
you we love you guys thanks for smiling
with us your beautiful one-of-a-kind
smile more
you
