oh here we go Eddie welcome to the vlog
guys how are you we got a little rain
last night so kit yes check this out
come on dudes let's go let's go he's got
it
muds just flying in the air look at look
at your four-wheeler get your seat he's
finally getting to do some donuts oh he
flaking me
dude you finally doing doughnuts man
thought we're gonna have to wait till
snowed to do that but we got a little
rain last night how are you guys hope
you're feeling great welcome to the vlog
now you just want more rain huh or you
live in the right state for that little
man I film me see if I can do it on dirt
Mike I'm definitely I'm busting my butt
here we go
yeah
all right I tried did your quad looks
awesome hope you guys are having an
awesome day man we're kind of getting a
weird start to our vlog Brittany had to
go to the hospital this morning really
early not for her her grandfather had to
have surgery late late last night we
thought we had to go last night he ended
up sleeping as far as I know the surgery
went well
I'll let Brittany explain all that she
should be home any time good job that's
what that four-wheeler need is a little
mud action man it looks great
do you want to keep it like that you
want to wash it you want to clean it
yeah huh I feel like they should come
like this like a paint job like a what
you think this lose your ball baby
uh-uh come on this way
dude this is gonna be freezin look at
this stiff the hoses it's like a it
doesn't even Bend huh we're gonna let
that stuff cool down before we spray it
with ice water whoa we need snow dude I
want snow and heat up some water the
old-fashioned way how it done this
actually ever Brittany got this thing
for her tea for her pregnancy stuff red
and blue baby
which one's you which one you gonna use
I'm on this one put this on right and we
just wait for the whistle so here's the
other thing I only have these cups that
you would put in here I mean I guess we
could have just used that right but if I
open the cup I can just pour it straight
in right it's just powder that's all it
is
Oh mr. Clymer mr. klimer i'm gonna
getcha I'm gonna getcha knock knock but
you up here hacking the CIA government
files we just want to tell you that
we're making not chocolate let me love
you waiting for that part to pop Mama's
home
hey hey baby are you are you feeling how
you doing how's everything going
Oh everything good as good as it can be
yeah
he had a mass like this big in his lower
intestine so they had to take his whole
lower intestines they took it out so
they're testing it for cancer and we'll
know in a few days
mmm okay so lots of prayers we are
making hot chocolate which we only have
arctic white which is white chocolate
and we have mint chocolate
why are you boiling water right I
already know I already said that I know
cuz I'm just gonna open up the cup and
pour it in okay that's all that thing
does really this boy needs a haircut by
the way
give me my just get the drone I'll do it
I can do the haircut let me get my drone
out Caine sit sit sit sit guys wanna
help me work in the store here's the
thing
our original plan this evening was to
spend the whole night building our new
Christmas tree which was supposed to
come today but it's not coming till
tomorrow which is a real bummer we don't
even know what time it's are you in a
game right now
yes is being in here so late anyway
Brittany is backs we're gonna go out to
the store and finish signing if you
watch yesterday's vlog it'll make sense
if you didn't it's gonna make no sense
but we have to sign a ton of boxes for
them to be next day aired to California
today so we gotta go finish that right
now Dean good job dude I love it hey man
we actually thought I know
all right skipping past the old box
signing day hey baby I know I know I
know bro he got me
let's get past the boss stuff you guys
seen enough of that sign and things is
not really that exciting I want to do
something up and want to do for a long
time you guys know I love RC cars RC
trucks are see I just love drew you guys
know I love our season I've been wanting
to do this for a while I want to see if
I can take an RC off the balcony and
successfully landed on the floor we got
to build some kind of take-off ramp take
off I'm going to take an RC off the
balcony and land it on the wheels down
here I know it's hard to tell on camera
but that's about 200 300 foot tall
that's like
you think I can do it yeah all right I
got the table you got the door we're
about to build a runway dude this can be
our runway out of his regulation runway
or not it's pretty frigging high man
we're a little short get some stuff to
put under the legs maybe like them
buckets now that's a launch pad right
there my friends this is got bad written
all over I picked one of my lighter
older are seeds that have absolutely
been through the wringer this truck
not only have I beat this truck to this
one in my a this is actually in one of
our first vlogs we ever made we did dog
vs. Arce this still has the GoPro mount
on it figure what better video and this
right here I think oh yeah we should put
a GoPro on did it imagine I'm just
driving off this focus right the truck
will actually stay flat and it really
won't be much of a view but if we nose
bomb which is a good a half maybe a good
chance it happens it'll look cool on
camera let's get a GoPro what are you
guys doing minecraft you guys one day
this RC thing is RC truck ramp Kane's
ready oh damn break you know what this
thing's been through everything no you
can't say that look this means we're
gonna be fine that's what's gonna look
like that's stable it's stable no it's
good that's legit that's the real thing
what do you think I'm gonna fly all the
way over there no I'm gonna land right
by that ball I mean I just bought that
lamp it was really expensive what if you
break it twelve dollars it's not really
expensive
hahaha
I don't know I've been wanting to do
this for a long time it's so hot home
alone but I can't figure out as if I
should stand up here down there maybe
it's a good idea if some gets broke you
know it's gonna get I'm throwing all our
season you know it's gonna get broke
your attitude when I land this sucker if
something gets broke uh-huh no more our
C's in the house ever again never would
I sign that deal on a million years
that's a dependable point of this is
something good at bad how could happen
oh my sister the only thing that's gonna
break even possible break is the truck
there's nothing good break I mean the
whole living room is broken right now
wait if something in the house breaks oh
that's no problem
okay and if nothing breaks what and you
can drive your escena help Carl such a
baby
this could be it like an instant fail oh
here we go baby
set oh my gosh
oh it's so loud
oh my gosh you are holy people nati did
I tell you the corner of hell it's
exactly where I hit ya Zachary infinite
are seized in the house you remember the
deal you know whatever we want for life
well I did land how the GoPro fly uh
 no they were golden we are golden
you can't break that beast did but my
god you were close to that TV what did I
tell you yeah I mean I don't know if I
said on camera by said I'll hit the
corner of that couch selling your
recording all right you're right you're
right I'm wrong that's so right now I'm
stating it hang on say it again you're
right I'm wrong it you know what almost
felt about not not about landing on the
wheels that the truck is still going
what should we do with the truck next
but maybe the orders or do some you
gotta make it to that kitchen chair and
bags I'll give you a head start
three two yeah yeah oh my gosh
he throws his roadblock he's gonna get
away run kid go round two McCain
survived the slow-motion RC attack here
he goes he sees it coming he's running
for his life and it's really onion you
know ya know cause you lost the stupid
or see that no I'm on top of Flash we
are gonna end this vlog we got to say go
bye thank you for hanging out with us
hey I got a funny story so today I
tweeted out
somebody called Guinness World Records
I've uploaded for vlogs in a row with
like a smiley face Guinness World
Records respond
it just says a true man that would keep
going Roman with a smiley face with the
link to Charles record jokes on them
because I tweeted that at for vlogs but
now we're at five I'm going to bed thank
you guys for being here thanks for
hanging out thanks for making this just
all fun thanks for making it fun Leila
is that Hassan no what why are you so
ornery tonight why do you have energy
I'm not
I don't know I'm very very novel sweet
you just had ice cream
you just had chocolate ice cream that's
why you're so over I'm not to go make a
toaster shirt oh my gosh who
oh how do I get it boss we will see you
tomorrow smile more
you
