oh my god it's gonna be awesome
why are you looking at me like that
what are you doing what's in the back
oh this cold Zeus welcome to the vlog
guys welcome back to Ohio
we gotta wear these dogs out they have
been cooped up for a few days
they have so much energy inside they're
like two bears dude
so let's wear some dogs if you have a
dog a big dog two dogs you definitely
know what I'm talking about
you ready you want me to get something
out I'm gonna get my yellow quad out no
we need gloves you want to go get gloves
let's go get loves when he glows MA when
he gloves MA oh yeah about that hang on
just I was just gonna say this isn't
from the dogs this is actually from mr.
Atwood yeah maybe
since I know came in for gloves I could
maybe sneak a kiss are you sure you
don't want taco I'm good on tacos yeah
how you feeling today good good I'm
always tired you know what I can't wait
I can't wait to have this baby and for
you to just say I feel good unless I
sleep when the baby sleeps I'll feel
good good luck
it's so funny cuz when I come out here I
usually try to get on my quad and hey no
see no ride a dirt bike and I'll try to
get on my dirt bike and he says no green
one
it's cold definitely take care thanks
dude let's go Zeus let's go boy
yeah have some fun go boy get out of
here get out of here
go Kano move he'll move
if it was a little muddier you do it hey
we're trying to do donuts ready go
oh okay ready go
wait till it snows we'll wait till snows
then once it's knows what we ought to do
tons of donuts free whooped
here comes wash are you beat he's trying
he's so close
yes yes I got an idea
what if we took your back tires we
wrapped them in duct tape you think you
could do d√∂nitz yeah I've never tried
this before hey quick question very
serious question we have duct tape I
mean I know we do but where is it
this door can you get it I feel like I
should just do it not tell you I'm gonna
rap is I'm gonna rap his back tires and
duct tape so he can do done us not me
yeah you I'll only have this old ammo
can I keep all my lithium RC batteries
in it's all I got
invest into a jack I can put the tape on
the tires and then you can you can go
and your tires will spin
oh that's cool what's it sitting on em
okay
oh my god it's going to be awesome
I wonder if I should go away on the edge
is that actually my catch okay let's go
again
okay let's do this time oh my gosh
what are they doing flash what are they
doing
no matter the nerve
he's a little cautious of it did it's
just a normal wheel but it's slippery
it's like driving in the snow it's just
like what it is
Oh
hey mom
thank you maybe a little bit big for
that we are out in the mud starting to
rain no it's their terrain yeah I'll do
it out in the dirt you guys burn some
energy huh are you good you still got
too much you know how to turn it on that
is really cool I don't know how you're
gonna hang it up have to call Dale do
you get the stockings and I'll get the
hoarder things all right I got one I
think mine should say dad not Roman you
know sometimes I tell you we clean our
house before we vlog so it's not like
disgusting well today is not cleaned
there's two well that's really cool I
like that a lot but what are we gonna do
next year what do you mean wow we need
one woman well wait what if she's in
here don't say that oh my gosh don't say
that but you know flash is gonna be like
that day yeah I found our tree Levellers
is it a candy cane this boys still good
try it I thought you really were oh I
love that he used to light up I should
say that wood Smith's thus Matt woods
Schmitt was SMAT wood Schmitt wood what
then mine you have stuff in there you
didn't open your stocking last year
what's in there what do you think's in
there probably dead rat
hahahaha I musta put it in there's a
little break
bada-bing bada-boom all the stockings
are up I love it good job I think it
looks great and just for the record you
cannot tell the dog's stockings are
different at all look at the camera and
just look at the camera there's no
difference
I told Kane to get the Christmas hat and
put it on Zeus and we actually got a
photo him in front of the fireplace
under this
I mean opposed to these um I think this
is a good one okay so I absolutely love
this photo this is Zeus in front of
fireplace and you can totally tell he's
looking at his ball but I love it and
then Kane ran up there and stole the
show did this is the greatest look at my
boy it's such a great photo buddy is
that your funny face be right back boy
okay
I'll be right back hey I'll be back okay
give me five slam my boy I like we match
don't have that cool overcoat on what do
you mean okay I will be right back be
bad good be good so the moment I wait
for every single week is here right now
Sunday evening I get to go get my boy
Noah man it's like the most exciting day
of the week just knowing that I get to
get him and he's mine for a week is a
great I look forward to this week you
guys know I have my boy every other week
so one week on one week off and the
Sunday that I get to go get my boy is
the best man it's such a good feeling
man I'm sure a lot of you guys can
relate to the situation it's just part
of my life I stay very positive about it
Noah stays very positive about it we're
a team and
I see it from you guys even all the time
you know where's know we miss Noah and
believe me nobody misses no one more
than I do
nobody misses that boy more than I do
but it's a circumstances were dealt guys
you got to roll with the punches you got
to push forward and eventually we'll get
through this crappy rain you guys know
what's past the rain you know what's
beyond the rain and we can always just
thank the the corrupted court system of
it let's scratch out let's stay positive
let's go get my boy y'all I can't wait
till this rain turns the snow yo y'all
buy some Cheerios
as a man good need another
yeah cool let's do it okay so the next
thing that we absolutely have to do
today this is crazy man so you guys
remember month I don't remember what
month that was months ago
it was warm up really warm out we came
out with a game called worn pieces it's
a board game for your families to play
well when that game came out we told you
that these would hit you by Chris if you
were one of the buyers of this game that
you would have it by Christmas that's
still happening
however just want to take a second to
thank my wonderful management for
waiting to the very last possible day to
next-day air 700 liters I can't imagine
what this cost to next-day air 700 of
these for Britney and I to sign every
single one and they have to be next to
aired again tomorrow morning in order
for you guys to get them by Christmas so
we will be up all night
signing 700 up when I was on the tour
they had me do 300 posters a night and
that with somebody helping me move them
that would take just over an hour maybe
you could get it done in an hour 300 so
this is this is a four hour easily a
four-hour project
she looks so excited I gotta be honest
I'm excited to sign each one of these
I'm not excited that my management
waited to the very last day that is
painful because it's Sunday night I just
got my boy Noah and the last thing I
want to do is sit for four hours and do
signatures I am thankful however to be
able to do it it's awesome just bad
timing and and then the toff at all
there's a hundred more coming in the
morning that we have to sign as soon as
they come off the truck sign them and
then put them back on the truck for next
day or how the good thing is it is still
on track everybody the order one will
have it by Christmas and that's the
whole reason we have to do it tonight
and so online nice one good one I
thought pee
these are cool though they came out good
I like it
my O's are Smiley's here you write your
name dude that's awesome you should put
it well you can put it wherever you want
but maybe right above your name the
prints actually really cool oh man that
is so awesome buddy only uh like 700
more are you ready we'll make it fun man
the good thing is the deal is actually
only Roman and Brittany have to sign so
if you get one with a cane or know what
may sign some that's just a bonus
no I get no you must sign some boxes you
don't have to but those that get it may
be very very thankful for it me marker
um right there wrapped
that is super cool of you guys man
Noah's putting his up here I'm over
there Britt's here and Kane's signing
all his right there all right we got
that one done we're gonna move out to
the smile Moore store because I don't
feel like it look at all these we have
to do holy smokes
okay so these are all side we put them
right back in the box and came and do
this we'll close them up close it back
up and it's gonna go next day air right
back tomorrow like in out of the box in
the box back out so we want for
Christmas this year we told me barb eats
just Barbies oh and a dollhouse right
how big the house is like it I can't
thank you
osya compilations every time you guys
send over your Barbies every what you
wish for
good job all done we just signed every
single one feels awesome have that done
guys warping past a little bit of time
we got our work done tonight which was
absolutely huge and very stressful
because all day I was wondering how the
heck we were gonna get that done and the
only way to do it we sat down as a
family and we cranked it out man thank
you for hanging out with us thank you
for this is these are honestly something
that we didn't want to do on camera but
we had no choice it was either that or a
really short vlog so thanks for hanging
out with us during our some of our
business things that we have to get done
that all being said I hope you guys are
crushing it man I hope you don't hope
you're chasing whatever it is you're
wanting to be chasing man I hope I hope
you're not sitting around and just
thinking about it I hope you're getting
up today right now saying today I'm
gonna do it today let's do it let's go
find something that motivates you today
man whether it be your favorite song
some type of music that you love maybe a
YouTube video maybe myself whatever it
is find a little motivation put that
motivation towards exactly what it is
you want
do right now use it wisely man and get
to it man time is ticking so fast guys I
can't even explain it times the only
thing we can't get and it is moving man
I love you guys thanks for being so
patient with me
today's four vlogs in a row which is a
huge new world record Guinness world
we're trying we're trying to get back on
track I love you love you so much thanks
for everything the support to my family
myself everything is surreal we will see
you tomorrow guys don't forget how
amazing you are you are one-of-a-kind
you are everything smile more man you're
beautiful
you
