welcome to the blog guys we have some
exciting that's not what it is careful
easy row we got it we need that we're
gonna have to we need that here we're
gonna chop it right here right this
whole roll of paper Brian we need your
body cuz now's not the time put it down
oh yeah these are cardboard they're not
actually using the flagpole I love it
just want to beat them up though they
dig the weatherman real quick look at
this Oh when's he gonna stop I'm ready
for summer I'm ready for sunshine put it
in the hole first try ready set go
you got a run into it run into it here's
what we got going on we have these two
tripod stands I mean you should have a
pole that ran across the top of it so
that our piece of paper could go on and
slide down so we can do photos but we've
lost the pole the pole is gone so we are
making what well here's we have this old
you know the flagpole on top of the
tower
this was leftover pipe from that
flagpole so we're gonna cut new holes
here in there but our flagpole is too
short for a roll of paper so we have to
cut the roll of paper like this oh my
god you're using that what is that thing
just BAM put a helmet on yeah dude when
I said helmet I just met mullet that's
the safest thing you can put on as way
safer than helmet got a big a big red
okay go ahead and cut it doing cut it
I'm uh you got this
this is just like cutting wood papers a
byproduct woods so it's just wood boom
now the kids can use this as drawing
paper just roll it out and color that
too like it's hair this is permanent I
think you should make it permanent oh my
it's like perfect
look at that how much paper we didn't
have to call I'm not gonna lie that's
nice that might be better than the port
came with honestly that's that's meant
to be along the pole the more bow you
know watch out that that pole bow this
guy it's gonna be full-on snow again
it's gonna be snowing if the snowboards
back out okay so what this is all about
is our newest addition to the smile more
family something that I've told you guys
for a very long time something very
important to me and the family our new
shirts look good in it honestly it fits
you so good get ready we're gonna do our
photos this saying means a lot we are
all truly truly one-of-a-kind we are all
we all have our abilities we all have
our weaknesses we all have our own
battles in this shirt is to remind you
every day that you are beautiful and you
are one-of-a-kind and everyone around
you is the same they have like we've
never done this before so they're all
tagged with smile more and so basically
it's you're beautiful you're one of a
kind and then it's got this little
little small one right here so very
clean very simple and also like the
first time we're adding a new product to
the smile more store like this is our
first this is a pretty big deal for us
because we've always had all our smile
more merch and this is new are we ready
are we ready for the shoot
Julien you the model for today all right
here we go
honestly though I love this shirt much
dude I love it you're wearing a hat it's
not even oh yeah you should cross your
eyes actually are they
so guys obviously super excited to
launch a brand new t-shirt a new product
for you we have lots of stuff coming for
right now we are launching our new
t-shirts and I'm so pumped to see you
and then we actually just finishing up
some shoes easy down LJ's they are also
very extremely limited so if you go to
the site and they're sold out I'm
extremely sorry we just didn't know what
to order right now so go to the site
right now top link of this video guys
these shirts are available right now
until they're gone obviously we will
order more in the future but for now
it's all we have all week again that
being said we shot actually a whole
bunch of stuff before this part of the
vlog and we're gonna throw to that now
and we we had we just didn't know what
to do it's actually kind of awkwardly
funny so here is that from earlier
here's the deal here's the deal guys it
is it's getting to become late in the
day and we have been no job sitting in
this kitchen for two hours oh I know
baby baby baby it's not you it's off so
here's where at we have literally been
saying what are we gonna film for the
vlog today all day all day what are we
film for the blog day first of all it's
30 degrees outside it's freezing it's
been snowing so I'm like man over there
I go outside today we go work out I
already did an incredible workout today
you don't want to get out of this shorts
I'm trying to get him outside for hours
so and by the way I said if we had an
idea I said I'm more than happy to go
outside but we have no idea we're
literally sitting here like hey what are
we gonna do feeldog then what are we
gonna do is provoke there I figured
let's just get the camera hit record see
where it takes us we can do it BMX
competition right now off that back
porch into the pool - trick wins yeah
Green hey all debbie downer shut be
positive peace odd so let's rip the pool
but let's all get in rafts and still
happen we go to we go to Walmart we get
one of those little kiddie pools okay we
BMX off the countertop no we just got
brand-new carpet now what if I just set
the camera like to where it can see all
of us or just what do you mean it's a
zesty ranch model it's perfect imagine
this type of log where we don't we don't
log anything I imagine a blog where we
don't even pay attention to the camera
we just set it up and we just we just
just so how was work what you get done
orders orders going as planned we got we
got stuff coming in Friday yeah good I'm
sure our Lakewood youth baseball team
that we're sponsoring and a color run
we're sponsoring I look like a human
today got some makeup on yep Brett's
feeling better and that's it that's a
huge thing about today's floor it's
feeling better that's huge and nobody
else has it which is it's big it's huge
kids are happy kids feel good yeah I
mean my mom did call me today a scary
100 Brian's mom cares about Brian's mom
hashtag Brian's mom
it's ready it's done it's done
all right buddy okay little buddy he's
all right he's all right he just never
heard a train come through the house
before the whole point of the tea was to
put that mouth guard in there and warp
it to your mouth is that for your boxing
I call out a girl youtuber to Bob you
know call somebody up ask to be a mom
has to be has to be somebody that's
delivered humans before we were Melissa
we're here at the house they give us
mouth guards that like warp to your
mouth and you're supposed to boil them
and get them hot and oh yeah you didn't
chomp down hard enough hi baby
are you gonna try to you're gonna try a
tip try to tip tip her okay well you
good you're good okay now with the mouth
guard see if it makes a difference are
you serious mouth guard stabilization go
work out Cara hi how is you so uh yeah
so Brian hold that for a second like
that about your blog now many people
would subscribe because your vlog oh
yeah I'm just kidding I'm just kidding I
just I want to do that to people I want
to walk up to people like yeah we hold
this for a second and may I use your
blog now like right here hold something
just hold it sure
that's your blog now I think I got this
bro yeah on a serious note guys um hope
you're having a great day we are
literally not doing anything like we're
all here hanging out like it's it's
great it's awesome but like Florida lies
I'm not doing anything that may
entertain you it's it's lilius just
sitting here talking hanging out
discussing I'm on my fourth bottle of
water today
look at this boom for I mean there's
small bottle 16 ounces something like
that here's the deal I got it I got it
you're gonna entertain the viewers right
now ready you have to eat all that
cottage cheese with your mouth guard and
who
just one bite one bite
oh my god I'll burn it you know what's
worse you're going amber what are you
doing all right this is the oh dude I
want to see a whole mouth full oh it's
probably in between the well that's old
that's rotten she wants them real curves
boom boom boom boom boom boom you doing
beautiful man yeah he fighting I'm over
here just trying to get beautiful
pictures of my girl come on flash
come on buddy whoo it's cold she wants
to come in cor I don't think you're
allowed in Cain's room I know he's
locking you out you made it you made it
in congratulations
just like there's nothing to do you'll
pick out a pair of socks
okay guys warping right back here to the
photo shoot breast man you've been doing
that a long time because we just watched
all that footage in your school we will
see you guys tomorrow thank you so much
for the love the support always smiling
more and we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind
you
