oh you guys are bringing it bringing
helmets never have you ever used that
welcome to the vlog guys today is going
to be quite the day we're headed out
we've got some helmets we've got oh
that's new new something new something
chase we're late we gotta go you all
gear it out what about that no don't
need it don't you know what we don't
need it let's go that little guys that's
Fitz that's perfect
Ben Ben Ben Ben get the yogurt let's go
are you guys ready you get this thing is
massive
holy smokes I see fruit juice in the
house so we're seeing this and then just
a bunch of weird helmets alright I have
a very very close friend of mine coming
into town this morning for his birthday
and I figured why not pick him up in
something a little more special than
something that I have so we rented this
giant stretch Hummer limo which I think
says happy birthday you know it's like
welcome welcome to Ohio happy birthday
Frank Brighton get that Frenchman huh
phone in rantin so I told everybody that
we got this for you know a friend that
we're picking up but it's really just
get some you time put your wig on your
racing style today
that's your race well it looks fast
unless I hold it yeah yeah I don't know
if I can show it on camera like you see
if I can get a shot of it and you see it
a little bit see the tips of my lashes
bran blew my face off yesterday oh my
god I'm trying to go to sleep last night
right I'm late I was like why do I smell
burnt hair like the worst smell ever and
I start feeling my I'm like oh yeah
Brian blew my face off fire hey that's
what you get for talking back yesterday
you guys you guys see him anywhere you
see nothing dude he has no idea what
he's that him right there no one else
where's the best like that no that's
that's totally him yeah that's in my day
yeah yeah yeah he doesn't know it's us
though he doesn't look at I'm trying to
get ready for his blog look at him
trying to get ready for his vlog like oh
I got the shot right here don't let him
know we're in here okay all right here
he comes he has no idea he knows look he
knows he's actually just look at it he
doesn't even know we're in here dude
he's like you'll get me a picture he's
like I got a limo got my car now let's
do it again one more take one more take
I don't know what's happening
putting stuff up Aaron stop it's all our
stuffs up front
do you really not know I remember that I
have to call you so when I was like two
hours I was like I know where we're
going then we gave he was like yo Tim
I'm like damn where nothing wrong
did I don't know how that was a surprise
when we pulled up Andrew though you did
a good job I was like I know I was like
you know so what'd you tell him he's
coming to Ohio for meet my boy Tim he
lives out here I said why do you think
you're only one friend wrong as the only
living also you were just bringing him
to meet Tim yeah no like I might I bet
you I know I wrote on my notepad and I
was gonna say I was gonna I was gonna
show him when we got here I put Romans
house I thought I knew for sure but no
you didn't know no but then he convinced
me that it wasn't welcome dude welcome
and happy birthday with your 1800mah
big one eh
the next step are you ready what is that
boy
he said there's wigs up here yeah no I
got scared for the driver cuz there's
wigs and there's cleaning supplies all
that's going on yeah you guys already
round to round two all right you guys
have been watching the vlogs and fousey
and I had event all of us in Jersey I
went to Jersey visit him we had an
indoor go-carting race today is round
two you wanna be dunking and then just
go over to me go go over there peace go
over to Brian
yo is partying so here we are at the
Grand Prix and this place they've really
hooked us up today because they're
currently closed for why are you closed
right now oh this is where you dress
this amazing dude makes it really fun
for all of us to come in and kind of
film and have fun and just just race so
just like last time cast your votes
right now who is going to win last place
Billy Gill was number three yeah I was
there no Brittany mystery oh that's
right now we're second and I came in
first and you rigging it out you see a
net all set up man chase about to make
you guys a nice little vlog today oh
this looks like Oh Princess Peach in
that house where's your monkey we have
no we have something all do we bring
them yeah this is the gorilla there's a
gorilla
wait where's Mario oh you gonna be Mario
know you can be Mario you should have
took the hoodie off right you take the
hoodie off no yeah
you should just lay on the track
actually fits you good oh you're gonna
be blowing in the wind if that falls off
I will run it over turn backwards oh my
okay turn around it's like a mullet
peach that's perfect for our channel no
you look kind of like the hillbilly
peach pie and all realness I can't I
can't wear this my seat no yes sitting
on cushion yeah maybe
looking good DK looking good we're
prepared I just practiced on we're gonna
run a quick practice get to know the
track oh you guys look sharp
yeah look sharp man you going out of
space astronaut huh you don't need God
well maybe you do there you go it's that
Fashion Week right there that's the only
number one you'll be standing on today
it has nothing to do with how this race
is gonna go right if anybody's gonna
learn how to be a winner today I'm gonna
travel with you just pit maneuver after
pit maneuver by shaking bay at the
practice start no she can't reach your
pedals
all right that was practice amazing
these cars are fast deck are fast and
slick like Tokyo Drift in here yo Donkey
Kong what happened up there I'm coming
around this turn all sudden bang I look
over you're up against the wall it was
one of those things that I was like
everybody's going up nobody's you know I
realize it's me versus everybody so the
walls are after me your car or even on
the street I couldn't catch him it's
close unless you just sat on it I want
to tell you something I got the ranking
Brian is cheating he's flying he's
pushing the governor first please it's
just practice
where'd you get rid of speedy bread no I
didn't know we okay lunchy got boarded
donkey Cold War yeah he's got the he's
not quick on takeoff but on him straight
and over me he's dangerous out there
oh man I'm nervous I did really bad
really bad cold oh my god these guys are
checking out no I thought I had a bad
car this is it dark qualify oh man
one and two again did you're happy that
I'm not out there because it would be
Gilroy up there first how much you blips
are we at girl countries for again
Boosie because I try to have not let off
the gas like y'all said to my way way
she beat you they should beat you last
time - no no Jersey bra okay you
sabotage me
this is the actual race I just remember
what we talked about
shake and bake I can't I can't beat
Bryan telling me
this is placement it's a rolling store
we all take off in rigor of our
qualification that's where we start and
it's a real race so whoever's in first
went first not disappointed and you want
my hero now Bryan is destroying but he's
killing me he's killing me
I'm not spinning him out he's wrecking
me you would work if I wreck you in the
sentiment it's my only way
yeah like I do all I gotta do is bumper
bumper pulp bumper bump you have this
laughs traffic people even though I'm in
fourth place I feel like a winner
everyone needs to watch out for me cuz
I'm just taking people while I know you
are took me out twice last race
brian takes first late 39.3 for ID 39.9
sweetie Britt and fit hi v isn't bad you
know what's worse in bed 7 nope
why do you take Brian out you took all
the wrong drivers out hey did you see
them and I paid you to do one job and
you didn't do it that's what I'm
supposed to do take everybody out of
there coming through ultimate banana
peel out there we should travel the
country racing you come back dude this
is just this is just it's cause I'm
security right now you the underdog
right you're the underdog and thinking
line they're dealing pants now do this
all right Manuel know what I'm happy
with second it should have our best lap
time on there well that was a that's a
fun way to start today I feel great and
energized whoo
make sure came in race with us yeah I
just gotta say you may got first and I
got the best trophy Oh the cheesiness
Paulo cheese up in here but uh that was
fun guys
that's fun Susie yeah happy birthday
dude twenty-eight I had to do it you're
turning 28 isn't I'll give you a little
slack out there some guys just ain't cut
out for life on the road man
this is long long flight this morning
look like you know it's probably from
that beating he took on the track
cuz you wore him out Lucy's passed out
all right Lucy we're home wakey-wakey
you ready hope that sleep is a hey whoa
oh man I hope I sleep help cuz we got
some fun activities Cora what you doing
baby mommy missed you I missed you too
flash hi cool room
okay flash wants all the attention are
you gonna try again say hi to her say hi
to her okay say this is my princess
Corah
hi kora hey it's better that's a better
reaction was because like I'm a creepy
guy trying to tell you Spencer are you
touching any testers right your hands
are so precious her hands are so
precious your hands are so precious okay
you're so cute can i yeah okay okay this
is the real test
don't drop my baby dude Roman won't drop
my baby why you just filming me first
these eyes are watering he's unreal baby
girl it's okay you're the first man to
make her cry alright guys so we went up
Lucy just went upstairs to taking naps
why he takes a nap we're gonna go ahead
and prepare for something that I
honestly don't know if he will do but if
he doesn't it will be hilarious because
number one hates water on if you
notice he's scared of water what's up
man how you doing buddy you ready for
the snow to go no girl Lucy hates water
and you guys know we have all done the
ice dip challenge where basically you
have to go completely under the ice for
its account and we are gonna challenge
when he wakes up for him go under the
ice you guys think he'll actually do it
I don't think you will I don't think you
will like it's gonna take some serious
convincing Jolene you gonna do it Lucy
needs help I'll help
I love the ice barricade man that is
awesome dude
okay now we're gonna start inside so
we're gonna go wake Lucy up now I'm Nick
with the chainsaw what a nickiemoore
nope I think we're good just wake him up
you gonna do it tonight
look how look how look how awesome it is
we build a block Kade blockade dirty
that's cuz we dug it where I fell
through on the x3 all that mud yeah
we've had honestly some of the most
beautiful sunsets and you guys have seen
them in the vlogs but each night as
we're filming we just blessed with these
beautiful images loved it and we are
losing snow fast I think by Sunday it's
gonna be gone man I know I know I say we
start at the door and just run in so we
don't have to Creed it that's just
creepy what if we wake him up start at
the door first
all right let's go play all right I
don't know I'm Jun step we thought
you're gonna die
III literally feel like I'm still
dreaming are you ready for initiation at
the atwood house oh you're not you ready
for initiation this is a complete the
challenge we must complete what do I get
for completing this you get a trophy he
has it's literally won over time we've
all done it so that when you get wet you
don't ruin your pants wet rope everyone
know you got shorts on - are you doing
this
all right Julian's gonna do it - plus
there's some snow cones I'm gonna do
what you do your I can't you can't get
me psyched
think I'm gonna get you sick jumping in
water is getting me sick no you don't to
jump in the water why a little bit on
the ladder one step down one step down
one step down dip oh that's it oh that's
you trying to give me that do it oh no
oh no just one walk down why it's the
challenge time feel better than you've
ever have you done it yes even I did it
ro Brian did it country did it he'll do
it before you Julian's gonna do it with
you
it is okay I'm not in Finland you want
to see me do it ya know what you do it
joins ready oh my it's like jumping into
a snow cone I was so scared dude your
heart starts race I was pounding
Julien's first time he's willing to step
to the plate I dude I was scared to
death well the more you think about it
the harder it is y'all you getting
street cred for jumping off that ladder
dude you how was it how was it how you
feel now
my whole body is tingling like there's
pins and needles yeah what did your life
change like they said you feel like a
new man you gotta give it time just woke
up and drink three Red Bulls yeah if you
want go ahead I mean the deal is there
swim trunks but I don't think that's
gonna affect you can keep him long keep
it on yeah that's fine I would take the
gold off the sharks law of the Gulf we
did have a thought that maybe he
wouldn't do this and you know I can't
blame him it was very hard for me not
kidding it looks so easy on camera what
can you guys did it look so easy is it
is challenging mentally physically he's
got it no problem mentally he's in there
like I will do anything to just buy some
time right now see taking his chains if
he does this afterwards he's gonna look
us all in the face and say thank you
that was unbelievable
we get out there get on the ladder don't
sit on the dock and look at it there's
no talking I'm just gonna do it get wet
is that wet its water along the way yeah
yeah
is it recording yes it's recording yo
this is better get me a million
subscribers on this channel
oh my god my feet are freezing it might
be too cold right now no better give me
a million subscribers Romijn okay how
much do I go down what your head has to
go under
actual promise your trophy
there's your trophy what is that it's
probably not carry on all right well you
did it I mean you did it you bleeped off
they're both you guys jumped off feel
amazing I told you you would say that
can you rig it LaVon
the last thing for us to do today is the
24 push-up challenge yesterday was 23
tomorrow's 25 and today 24 who's joining
me you guys wanna do it do it you don't
do it didn't you do 24 I don't know 24
in a row consecutive you got a bang bang
bang look at this kid look knockout 24
he does every day with me he does all of
my it's remember keep your arms a little
closer little bug you're actually doing
it harder with your arms out all right
let's do it
I'm doing it right now are you gonna
join me you gonna film it sure all right
you guys got to do with us 24 today do
what you can you can do one sit-up you
can do countries that were there on the
stretching machine
I can either bangle 2223 together
good job perfect spot to say goodbye
guys thank you so much for hanging out
with us what a fun day it's an amazing
day thank you for every thanks for
joining us man and we love you you are
beautiful you are one of a kind smile
you
