welcome to the vlog you're not really
gonna believe what has happened today
Brittany went off and bought a new car
without ever mentioning never saying a
word never like look at this
and she just mom's gonna do what mom's
gonna do it literally just picks me up
and says let's go for a run I walk out
and this is in the driveway I didn't buy
it you could have kept that gone a lot
longer than that she is she is that you
guys know we've been test driving a lot
of vehicles last one was about a 4runner
yeah yeah like a family SUV basically
what is what are we in right now our mom
oh yeah it's big like this suckers huge
the - and actually has the exact it
actually is the exact screen my GTR has
the same exact screen so that's kind of
weird why don't we just invest in our
like a little limo like a little used
limo for the whole family cuz we don't
need this like this is like extreme
luxury like this is nice right well we
could dive know what drive is almost of
the edge hope you're having an awesome
day we are um you guys know last week we
were in Texas and Matt from demolition
ranch got Brittany and I to ar-15s well
they had to be shipped into town and
they're finally here so we're going to
pick them up which has an accessory to
shoot cans and tennis balls so I'm very
excited that'd be super excited to just
get those out with the dogs and see if
they'll chase the balls flash is on
lockdown because he's getting trained
for an invisible
flash is on lockdown for many reasons
first of all we used to have a ball pit
if you knew the channel you have no idea
about the ball pit what is going on huh
latest sticker still on it this thing's
brand new how do you get them to just
let you take their vehicles it's like
who doesn't know a couple people like
literally you can't just take a rental
for the day um she does it Brittany does
it have another idea
way more than the truck it trans so much
easier what if we what if we take the
test drive out we total it like we we
hammer it nail it smash the windows and
we take it back as long as we say it's
just a prank bro we'll be fine I also
have to take back my pepper that shotgun
because it keeps jamming like crazy not
tried everything not really interesting
to you guys I'm sure but I'm gonna take
it back and get it fixed oh here it is
look at this this is gonna be Zeus's new
plate or their pack that thing with
tennis balls oh it's red inside that's
from the pop cam so the guns came in but
my blanks didn't these things use blank
rounds and actually order them but they
didn't come in with Gary found a few
some I do my dogs I'm thanking you man
all doing this for Zeus is way too much
work actually Jay gets credit for this
not me
you're getting older you're getting
older you suck so bad don't worry I'm
the editor I won't put it in oh yeah you
will I mean it's big that's a big
vehicle what's up Zeus Britney's got the
kids on their side both kids love the
vehicle not like it no I like it I just
you know I have a mixed opinion I don't
know what makes a good SUV a good SUV
that don't look the same to me oh look
at the little boys boy can I can do it
from your game all right let's play with
Zeus Zeus I got you a new toy I have
never done this and I've never seen this
but apparently this thing shoots tennis
balls Zeus
let me see your ball get your ball there
you go oh if it's so good all right so
I'm loaded up and basically we're
shooting out of this gun is just blank
ammunition these are just two to three
blanks which is insane that these
actually will shoot so much power out of
them like I just didn't realize I would
have never guessed
I just never guess that one of these had
enough force to blow it like a pop can
that far so let's try a tennis ball
that's all we can do yeah ah you can
dodge it flash is on like a two three
week training program right now we got
an underground fence put in around our
entire property so flash has to be
walked two three times a day around the
entire property so yeah our little buddy
flash likes to leave our yard
immediately so we had to put in the
fence it's the only way or he's either
going to get lost he's gonna run too far
and forget where he is and we're never
gonna have him again it's what's best
for the dog so I think we're good Zeus
is really good he never ever leaves the
yard
I just need tennis balls now look at all
these toys
this will do it oh oh look what I got
Suze look what I got yeah he's so
excited we got a UH we got a variety of
different brands and different yeah it's
just see what works they fit so good now
it's kind of loose ones a little loose
let's give it a shot I'm so ready for
this guy's why am I so excited Zeus is
excited
it may take my dog a few tries to even
realize that I'm actually shooting a
tennis ball so look at him
ready Zeus you ready I better use my
sights
singing so backwards uh-huh
are you ready all the way to the woods
too far whoa
I'm gonna shoot on the ground I'm gonna
shoot it on the ground ready Zeus
where's this ready oh yeah I never have
to throw a tennis ball again you ready
you ready it's so loud it's definitely
not like a community uh tennis ball
launcher this thing's made for the
country for sure are you ready now it
doesn't have a kick
it really doesn't not like the the sodas
we were shooting last time Britney shot
this it was like a horse kicking her
because in a soda can there's so much
weight you gotta push out it's just like
really tough so ready
oh man that's loud he's like it's too
far oh my gosh
here's my two thoughts right off the bat
a maybe a hair loud and juice is just
like a little weary of it and to the
vulgar so far this is just like I'm not
playing that if you watch this channel
then you know Zeus is like the tennis
ball King has to sleep with this boy
can't be away from his ball it's like
his therapy I feel like this is a good
addition for his tennis balls honestly
what you think did no reply no reply he
ain't never talks on camera off Camrys
he's a real jabber I want to test this
out if I hand throw a ball see what
happens Zeus you ready go hit it look at
that action mostly you know yesterday
with my mom's actual birthday tonight
they're just gonna come over and hang
out as a family goof off my brother his
wife and kids are coming over and we're
just gonna who knows what we'll actually
get into hopefully I film a lot of it
sometimes with families around I usually
it's like habit to just set the camera
down I'm like just spend time so tonight
I'm gonna try to I'm gonna try to keep
that camera out man it's I don't know
why it's so difficult I think I just I
get lost in the moment of just family
time mom's back with more food a
everybody wants you to go skydiving
everybody oh really
yeah okay so we got a planet we're gonna
book it right what do you think of that
I'll go again you will yeah
cheesecake I got two of them cuz you
said you salmon gov me Bowl and make six
more loads how are you making this so
fast take the magic loaf maker
oh don't dig at the bottom yeah at the
end of yesterday's vlog we talked about
momma going skydiving because she wants
this is not my idea I have bad ideas she
has completely come up with this on her
own she wants to pursue it big time and
I asked you guys if we should do it most
you guys said actually everybody said
you should take my Moscato cane
what is your car doing
he just didn't hear doing donuts by
yourself dude they have my car on here
dude they don't my color though look at
this oh my gosh these are so incent what
this makes me want to wrap the GTR only
that flat black is that daddy's this
must be a 17 yeah also we have so many
birthdays tomorrow is Noah's birthday
parties actual birthdays Tuesday and
then Cain's birthday is next week
alright the outlet house is about to get
a little more at woody what's up crazy
dude a nice shirt man do you make do you
make you make them put them on yeah yeah
that's your smile more sure I'll go on
the road over you heck to pay - can you
cut that we need to get your chainsaw
those berries hard as a stone about 40
which is how you won the girls
oh look at that it gave up the ghost try
it out ghost I can make a king what I do
is take completely plain cake no I said
well where are the icing on it but
nothing else not no design or anything
you just take a whole box of these
fruity pebbles when's the last time you
had a beast cake well last time I had
ice cream was yesterday
oh the only thing that I can't resist
well this ice cream hey it's your
birthday yeah ice cream on ice ice cream
first can I change your birthday all
right
all of you but I don't like birthday
cake other than ice cream finish eating
you
this is serious question serious
question for the kids you guys want to
go start a bonfire after we eat yeah
serious question for the parents
you guys wanna start a bonfire free I'm
fine whatever where's the kids up you
don't need a winter jacket on out there
tonight it is cold it is colder than
usual they were an Aryan ice cream so
you guys remember like I don't know a
couple minutes ago when I said I'm gonna
try to vlog as much of the family as I
can I fail I fail I know I usually fail
at that I think they can understand his
family I know but like I legit
want to film it because it's it's it's
moan it's memories it's moments that we
want to see like if anybody should want
to see it it's us even like we should
want we should want to remember those
moments more than you guys why don't I
film it I never do like every time my
family comes over or not every time but
like some reason I just turn off the can
you know you're talking the whole time I
know we're just getting a deep
conversation talking and family I just
saw forgive me us tomorrow is a very
very big special day and that it's
Noah's birthday party and we have I am
so excited to show you guys what we have
for tomorrow it's insane like no one
knows it's it's crazy it's huge big
birthday big birthday you're going to be
12 it's your last year before you're a
teenager yeah I did
saw did so with a lot of fun means you
need a lot of sleep it's bedtime
oh no I'm sorry dude you have a spider
on your shirt yeah good night I love you
I'll see you in the morning what that is
our vlog for today guys I have to get
this blog done we have a huge day plan
for Noah to mom talking like I haven't
been this excited for a really really
long time I'm like so scared that he can
hear me right
I'm about to blow his mind tomorrow guys
like I can't I'm so excited I know the
last two vlogs have been a little off
but the streak has continued and that is
just felt so good I think today was like
29 29 vlogs it all just starts blending
together once you've done so many like
what's the difference between 29:43 like
nothing it's like but to me it feels so
good to not be letting you guys down all
the time when I was missing a blog every
week it was like I was just letting so
many people down it just feels good to
be back on track tomorrow's gonna be a
super super fun vlog thank you for
sticking around through thick and thin
man we love you try to guess in the
comments today try to guess what Noah's
getting for his birthday like it is
something that even Noah has given up
hope on like he I thank you guys so much
so many times every day I don't be
honest I just feel like I can never
thank you enough man you guys are
pushing us to 10 million thank you so
much for sharing these vlogs and I know
vlogs aren't that fun to share but you
guys are still doing it so thank you so
much we will see you tomorrow thanks for
pushing me to vlog everyday and keep the
streak going I see it on I see it thank
you guys I love you you're beautiful you
are one-of-a-kind keep that big smile on
your face man your beautiful smile
you
