welcome to the vlog guys I if you watch
yesterday's vlog I was talking about
being stressed out about sharing
something with you some big news some
scary stuff to share with you guys and I
just didn't know how to say it instead
of talking about it and explain it to
you guys I figured I would just show you
and that is we are building a house in
Florida and I can't I don't even know
what to say or talk about what do you
think about this man I think it's the
right move you think it's the right move
yeah I got sunshine every day to make
better videos wonder how the neighbors
are gonna be with us oh my god and
neighbors you know with the things that
we do it is tough to have you know you
gotta have good neighbors to put up with
what we do so I'm gonna actually go you
want to go meet me you think we should
just go I don't know if they're home
let's just see if their neighbors are
home oh there's a lizard yeah I feel
really weird just knocking on someone's
door like y'all not be your neighbor go
hi they have doorbell
oh hey man what's up house is looking
good right I'm gonna be your neighbor no
stove what's up dude no I told him it
was real Oh so I just gave written that
the house isn't mine
and you just have a house being built
beside your house and I took it as my
own hey how are ya nice to see you guys
his idea by the way it was not my idea
it was partially right kind of
collaboration so my Adams house we're
gonna hang out today I had a whole bunch
of stuff this morning that was just kind
of wearing me down I was like how do I
make this day better last time I was
here we had a blast
so welcome to the vlog guys that is not
my house dude I would move to Florida
though you guys have sunshine every day
look at it you know it looks like an
Ohio right now No
cold cold yo your house is beautiful man
man this is awesome this is this is
really really nice this yeah
okay so I don't just showed me in his
video he literally got me something that
is so amazing he was like open this barn
door and I opened it he got me a
freaking bike built it he built this
bike for me
he's got smile more on it and this is
your frame isn't it hot awesome he's got
his own Elzey bikes man I'm speechless
dude this is off thank you so much for
real that is like way too much so I'm
about to start a day of adventure and
things that we probably sure what we're
gonna do but on a serious note and you
guys not have been very serious today
we're actually going to look at
something I actually have something I
actually have purchased here in Florida
in that write country country oh man be
serious guys you know this I know my
camera's so blurry
hey I'm you you blurt it out like
Bigfoot there we go so I don't know how
this happened Adam is driving and I'm
just so excited to show you guys this
dude this is smart to buy something like
this no no oh man
oh man you know that is has a Honda baby
homicide can you tell me a little bit
about each one of these because you know
with the budget I have all make sure I
get the right that's a GT t arrow mm so
it's the second to the last year they
built them skyline right right yeah I
need that it's the turbo version this is
a non turbo that we just turbo these are
both for sale so you're looking at 30
grand less than 30 grand and then the
big dogs outside okay so five grand
welcome to the normal customer like I
take it home today and then I you've
seen Dumb and Dumber I owe you
my night it's 99 percent down 90 not a
faculty extra 1% you could have 30
seconds and then you're good I don't
know guys I think I think that you know
something has got to be added to the
collection of uh I like this blue one so
how long would it take let's say that I
wanted to make a purchase
how long does it take me to understand
driving on this side that's bad that's
not even am I even allowed to drive us
on the road you are British cars over
here since like the 70s
because this looks great cuz even the
shifter is it's like I was left in the
passenger seat before you actually make
the purchase they let you drive it so
we're gonna take one out alright so we
are gonna take this guy out you
definitely are driving for you driven
this before well a different one are you
need this car you do are we sure 100%
about this we're good are you gonna
country once you take front no I think
you should take you guys I think the
oh you can yaaaaaay these original floor
mats probably oh it's your everybody on
the internet getting GTRs I think we
should take it old-school
oh dude we're gonna siz old schooling
this so be really weird to go through a
drive-thru because I would be actually
on the talking
Andy substrate so we're gonna try to
find a drive-thru would you like man let
me get it for you don't let me get him
for you oh can I get I'm gonna get a
caramel frappe country you want anything
we'll take
okay okay and my son's like it's too
high you know how to get straight on the
Sun so broken she's not feeling it is on
the camera she's like I've done this
before
Julie those much blind knows we do see
them cameras before but how come every
time I hang out with you I'm driving
something I've never driven last time I
drifted your car this time
right-handed yo I feel like I'm more
attracted to the back of the car than
the front I love the back of these cars
Romans a rear-end kind of guy you know
the front is pretty now what do you guys
think you think this is nicer than the
newer models I love the older the older
models go car engaged
Oh
now I got it now I got it guys this
guy's weird because freaking out in back
it's not manual race you want to race
I'm just testing out my new ride you
good
we'll race for slips go ha ha what's up
my friend you want rice just pick that
we race for slips you and me
three two one I win dude I can't believe
I bought this car dude I seriously can't
how am I even gonna a home zip it that's
a good idea you can drive it up when you
come up to cloud with me um all right
dude you just need to keep it and you
drive it up might take me a couple years
man ha ha it's some how much you think
this car sells for right here this is a
1999 GTR it's got a smoothie - is that
yours or mine I don't drink it once the
first my smoothie yourselves munch it's
crazy man this car is so expensive what
do you think 75,000 roughly about that
it's crazy because there's so much
cheaper if you live anywhere else just
because of importing them they get so
tough yeah
twin turbo all-wheel drive not today my
friend not today one day one of these
will be sitting at my house
alright so we'll take the white long
route along - all Street no all day
I owe you an IOU $75 on it goes fine
Adam didn't padam yeah I know you guys
been married a while but stuff wait
listen
I just want to throw your hey my just I
just want to say thank you for that that
was amazing I probably never would have
had a chance to drive a car like at my
life so thank you okay so where we're
going right now tell me when back to my
house and we're gonna go to a skate park
and get into some stuff there yeah
not normal skate park things not
actually not at all you wouldn't even be
allowed normally but he got permission
so we're gonna have some fun he's got
these crazy cards you may have seen me
drive them before but never a skate park
so yes dude these are so fun but you can
get two in there now we gotta put on a
minute hold in the Mini Cooper who is
this beautiful creature good really good
super good to see you I've seen parts of
Florida I haven't seen actually we're
driving by two like you're actually go
you guys for driving oh it's time for
some real talk see this is a new thing
everyone's got these now you know why
cuz I can just do this look for you he's
talking about the little tripod seat and
then we can just talk here to see yes
that's nice okay Real Talk Charles uh
and I'm coming to you for advice okay
because it's obvious that I've been
missing quite a bit of vlogging lightly
and just in case you don't know Charles
holds the Guinness world record for the
most consecutive vlogs ever uploaded on
YouTube every time you say that just
like oh my god it's true it's like ah I
want I'm gonna hijack your camera
tonight and I'm gonna make sure that I
have to use myself I would never do that
I would promote you
tomorrow I would I would I would
probably cry I would probably cry every
right to I would okay this guy has
blogged his own brain surgery get a lot
I don't blog when I'm like I don't feel
good less he's like I don't if you dude
I'm not gonna like a prank you to this
man he's good yeah
I have a dent right yeah you do what to
do my head what's up his dick the
Charles has uh he's the king of vlogging
the og he's one of the originators so
tell me Charles
how do I just upload more I was doing so
good I go through Street here's the
thing though like when I watch your
vlogs that would make me so tired what
could you do things that are so crazy
and then like I live our life kind of
like dated my day like that's I think
why we can do them so much but if I were
doing what you do every single day I'd
probably fall asleep like constantly
what makes me feel a little better but I
don't know I think I think oh you're
giving me too much crusted alright so
there you have it I don't know if there
was any advice there to help me upload
but you know I appreciate with videos my
boy yeah good boy X ideally no no
actually I don't
what would be a bit of advice obviously
you have to develop consistency was yes
struggling without oh I know you
know what I mean you know what the truth
hurts so eight eight years without
missing a plug yeah oh my god iPod dude
dude I'll never be there you'll get
there and I crown you the king go get
your king you're in two years alright
I'm on two days two days if it was that
the tweet was about yeah over back on
track why okay but you're alright guys
so Adam I gifted me and made me a custom
bike and I'm blown away by it and we
thought it would only be right if we
brought them to the skate park and he
teaches me how to get back to my 360s
now I don't know what's going to happen
or how many bones I'm gonna break
no broken bones no broken bones here yes
right huh Jericho Jericho skate park in
Florida what's what's the city Daytona
bring you the owner I'm one of the
leaders here you're on awesome well
thank you for letting us come and we we
will try not to take too much your time
oh man I'm glad you came
alright so you guys know that Adam
literally gifted me a brand new bike
today and it is beautiful I don't want
to scratch this thing up no I want to
hang it on my wall
even though let me borrow a helmet let
me but yeah he even gave me a helmet
with Taylor Swift on us here we are at
the skate park
we're not leaving into our land or at
least come close to landing at 360 I
think we both agree we should be
practicing on a lip but for now we're
just gonna oh he just did it it made it
look so easy and you make it look easy
doing it man all right I haven't run a
skatepark for years so here we go just
give this a shot my first tip is what
keep your head turn always so once you
pass yeah rokay you're gonna have to
pull up a little because it's a bank
yeah that's that's the issue yo I didn't
turn my head I'd stop even hit 30 oh
that was it right dude that was like it
you can't see anything but then you ran
right what the heck dude I'm pulling
this out of Lombard you know it's one
little lesson that he told me to keep my
head turn and I did that and almost got
I think I think I need more height more
I felt good you had it you're gonna land
this yeah I think that's just my fear
just like states
yeah that was there right there well
some phenomenal wonders if you hold on
dude let's don't take your foot off you
know I'm getting so lucky all right
I think he's awesome I think he's
hustling I said I think he like does it
that in house but he's like pretending
good is supposed to happen
yeah yeah you guys should return I
didn't commit that I didn't commit yeah
you met this we got to commit and here's
the truth it's the bike guys it's not me
bikes doing all the work that's my spell
man
okay keep your foot on man that's there
no why is that entered so important
you're right I know I hope no I know
you're right aha for anybody out there
trying to 360 it's a real lesson here
man it's all about the turn but that
head turn I don't feel like I'm doing
much other than that if you go over
slower and you just really I don't know
I'm going too fast and too low I need a
puck could you be more comfortable that
way too too furious get it right here
there you go I don't know
awesome yeah yeah man I'm just so good
at writing about how we can learn that
well I mean I I did use like this is old
stuff coming back to you can relearn
that a 10 minute think about how much
all this thing you really what else
could I learn with Adam in a bike and
he's like I'll just send you like I like
it love it's a good size and everything
dude I feel like I've been here all day
tight i watch this kid you watch this
kid unbelievable makes me look like a
old man
what you even is that yeah I was cool so
the next goal of the night is to get the
crazy cards in this pool that sounds
like a great idea I feel like if I go in
the pool right now you're not coming out
yeah I would be like you know like those
ants where they try to get out of things
yeah if you like sliding back up you
know this is such a such a good idea
you can easily just ride these on the
ground but why not at the skatepark I
feel like that's just a more appropriate
place oh good the ambulance is here the
perk entire bear bear see you oh my gosh
dude that's amazing
hide Charles that's amazing get it such
an awesome night man thank you so much
for letting us come here and and for
letting me buy the place man lights my
honor
yeah I've got cash to you yeah and look
cash unit five grand that's all I had
today and you guys made it happen so
Adam did you bought a lot with five
grand today well technically I did but
my brain goes a long way in Daytona
Beach just right in Daytona Beach it
sounds totally awesome
it's about skatepark two today guys and
the the hover cards there is so much
more popular cover cards gonna say bye
to Charles and Ally thank you guys again
for coming dude keep up dancin I'm
trying to I want to say gonna have to
look forward to at the wedding oh yeah
that's it this is place beside you go
dance right not there you're so good
that's how I know why you said yes now
right guys are awesome I know you I know
you will but keep up daily vlog I want
you guys to keep on top of Roman you got
daily vlogs it's so much pressure case
ok keep on top of them guys if you guys
want daily vlogs you go to his channel
he's the king
check them out we will be revealed
hopefully coming to you guys too with we
with the Kings new tour coming up I
don't think the tour dates are out yet
so I'll just dangle it like a little
carrot okay so awesome see you guys man
thank you
oh good agree they were my backpacks I
don't know I didn't know that would
happen so we're locked out of the car
good luck it's not the worst thing right
we got flip bottle right come on nail it
oh it was close
we're literally just sitting here up
dude
it happens you got it you gotta just
make the best of it I gotta kick it into
the trash can alright don't worry Oliver
you ready
nailed it up oh you did better than me
get it okay alright here we go
oh we just get that ended up pulling the
crazy guards back out of the car the
situation bro sometimes guys you just
gotta make the best kind of every
situation
the McCombs
oh come on the gas station - give me a
snap
Lena oh good my chain fell off a bring
yo did you're spinning so bags that's
next level that's the challenge who can
hold it the longest I think I just think
about three minutes wow that's the
busiest I've been in a walk I'm gonna
throw up oh my gosh
so terrible I think he beat me dude it's
so bad it's so bad it's like seven of
you we're missing it
thank you for filming to go just like
that here we are back in the car around
the shift knob turn it to where's the
sport and tell me to shift on and all
over you felt you figure it out if he
wants to make it pop we had to bring
three cars to get too crazy carts and
BMX bikes and it's like Fast Five around
everybody I had the greatest day man it
was a mate my camera's blurry again
thank you dude the bikes phenomenal
thanks for teaching me the 360 thanks
for having a beautiful home
my man bye thank you for everything I
say for our last two meetups
they've been great surprisingly
successful it's a we have you got hurt
don't say okay so we gotta say we made
it guys what a great day what a fun time
I walked in to the hotel and the lady
working the desk said hey come here I
walked over and she was like we're
actually selling the hotel and I put in
an offer so so we'll find out uh we'll
find out in the next couple days whether
or not I bought the hotel or not so
thank you guys so much for having fun
with me today and hanging out and
goofing off and understanding the jokes
and just had a great time with everyone
man we're safe we're back I'm about to
pass out like no joke that is my time in
Florida and that is the vlog guys my
head out in the morning and ahead to
Ohio back home to my beautiful family
man even a couple days apart is getting
to where I'm just like I want to be home
man I love you guys man thank you so
much for everything thanks for watching
especially if you've watched the end of
this boy I feel like this is a pretty
decent lengthy vlog so
thank you guys so much but Cena mom
you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
