this is just all false well guys welcome
to the vlog this is the way we're
starting our day absolute mayhem this is
the where our everybody room this is
where you go to where everybody out are
you ready for your big day I love are
you ready
first of all welcome to the vlog what
are we doing today dude something that I
want to do long time this is straight up
I have to give Dale all the credit for
this idea and I have to give Kaleb
credit because he's actually willing to
do it I think you're crazy but yesterday
therefore I came up deciding up months
months months ago everyone we've been
wanting to do it so bad yesterday I'm on
the couch caleb walks in he goes I'm
gonna go get my head shaved and I was
like you're gonna shave your head so we
don't on the premium we can make pretty
good at cut hair we mount dude on the
best on the best so here's what we got
here's the problem these are wired the
same exact when I got really yeah and I
don't know if they have a battery off
that's pretty heavy
they have battery not him heavy it'll
lift it though the idea is obvious we
want a dangle Clippers from the drone
you guys know how good on my flying
drones so maybe you want step in a
little bit yeah yeah you know maybe we
make it a contest I do one side at a
head you do the other and whoever's
looks better at the end is the winner I
think I'm gonna end up doing everybody
side like a my dear
I just found that nice what you doing
buddy
you busy let me get the drone to see if
we can even like lift not lift it or
like mount the cable because we don't
have battery-operated Clippers we have
to plug it in that's gonna be a problem
this should lift though it should be
able to pull it up yeah now I think my
original plan was it was like almost a
competition and you would roll a dice
and whatever number it lands on is the
guard you get on the Clippers so if you
wrote a war on you're screwed yeah if
you get a six though do it long do you
want to roll a dice Caleb or do you want
to just give me like a nice clean look
or you do pick one out of a bag be
pretty crazy out in the leaving ball no
you can't no you could roll a six and
have a six guard that's pretty six is a
huge here's a - dude this is sharp
though imagine that coming down will be
gentle
what kind of rope you use in there Roman
I'm just pretending I know what I do and
you know I've watched you enough that I
feel like I know what I'm doing here so
what we're doing is we're building a
little crisscross applesauce in the
middle of drums we can dangle the
Clippers safely above our eyeball his
head here this will keep the Clippers
from going here or here it'll keep it
Center
breanne stitches Hospital anything like
that looking good
yeah that's official that's a real
haircut drawn right there it's nice and
the camera is gonna look like Oh ready
for fresh cut yeah kinda drunk cuts calm
baby next step we need to mount this and
test it make sure this thing will even
fly it's surprisingly heavy this thing
weighs like think we got the heaviest
one yeah I don't know if you've ever
stood under one of these do but there's
a lot of wind so I think your hair's
gonna be going everywhere good chance I
like that I said whoa where we plan on
doing this just out back like in the
yard
no the steakhouse this is the craziest
thing I've done in my lifetime
it's a crazy well it's a beautiful deta
custom hair man it's like our spot to go
to do fun things so let's do this we're
gonna test it first I guess the first
thing to do is see if this thing will
even lift those Clippers so let's do it
it's gonna lift it dude it's gonna lift
it
no problem no problem
you excited yeah dude let's do this it's
no problem look at that
you ready yeah grab your chair and your
things and we'll head to the barbershop
got one condition
what's that all right since you're doing
this you have to let me start off the
gt-r you just want to start the GTR I'll
let you drive the GTR revs I'll let you
drive it for doing this yeah that's it
that's all you were gonna ask for is to
start the GT dude y'all went way further
than that I would have been like I want
to borrow that GTO push-button right
BAM yeah RC Payton job left an X so I
guess that's your spot in eight that's
way too big dude that's wait you snuck
these out here what is that one for Matt
four is getting better hyperox it is
what happened to the two in a three that
was just do the four all right which one
are we doing for you uh-huh
all right that's why I asked we're ready
we're gonna plug in and go we need to
guard really this BAM all right guys
this is the drone haircuts and I am so
excited to see this come to life Dale
actually told me we should done this
like months and months months ago we've
never had a reason to do it and I got my
hair shaved off and I was like man I
wish I would've done the drone thing so
Caleb stepping up to the plate big props
to you and then no and then Britney
we're gonna get Britney out here in
every suite I would have done it but I
literally just got my hair cut oh man
who know who would even it's one of my
favorite sounds in the whole world
ah these aren't good look at that clip
that's too long let's start let's see
what happens yeah what happened huh all
right we're on this is exciting
haha
okay God's like the side right yeah and
when you're bringing it up just like I
guess dangle it to the side of my head
so it's coming back with it and then
lifted there's the issue the propellers
are blowing your hair flat against your
head flat there's nothing with that big
of a guard I can't get anything see like
this
guarantee we're gonna cut your hair
alright where where is it at on the
guard wise we're all the way down to
move that alt that'll get it closer I
mean that's a half guard that's a no
guard this is 2 2 ma I mean that's
that's an inch and a half let's do it do
what just do it take the guard out no no
take the guard like this smallest good
look that's a half guard yeah we can try
it take the GTR this has got real this
just got real we're going half guard
that's awesome your smile or
there's no way
my definite
all right we are making profits we are
making some so every cut really see I
don't know why people barbers haven't
been doing this for a long time yeah
this is a nice dynamic blend sure does
bring Dale shot he is definitely a
better drone operator I'm not sure how
much skills involved because the wind
blows the Clippers everywhere I agree I
like while I'm watching and laughing I
didn't say I could do this better
I'm sure though that you can do it
better literally mean the girls were
over there just watching your mouth the
entire time my mouth Oh cuz I was
concentrating did always it I was trying
to give him a real haircut oh no right
in the middle it's hard
oh my gosh
Oh oh you're getting it oh dude oh
you're killing it dude
you've got it hey take her down now dude
at one point I was named dude you were
all over it
that's what you did with all that free
time Dale you had the Clippers in your
hand
uh uh uh yeah we should know everything
is uneven no it it's not that bad bad
honestly
okay so the Clippers just Nick it's a
lack of skill driving the wind blows the
Clippers the Clippers cut but it's tough
it's tough like that's that's not bad no
you guys bad at all give me five
that's impressive it even tried it I was
more concerned about your scalp than
your hair I was too it literally doesn't
like that I thought that cut into my
head like to God so what do we learn
here today what do we learn here boys
one I have a bucket of safety glasses in
the house we should have just didn't
think about it you even think it's
worried about getting there just
worrying about getting that haircut I
think I think too we come out with in an
app with styles of haircuts that you can
browse through you hit go we have the
drone configured with all them presets
you sit in the chair the drone does it
automatically bam ba toka Idol cut I
love that love it free care cuts for
life
oh pretty good try so hope you guys are
having an awesome day we are you know
what I call John which is my barber he
cuts my hair all the time and I got you
scheduled for tonight which I'll take
you and you won't drive the GTR over
that's we're just goofing off right now
we're hanging out
Kayne wanna drive to RC come on you got
to make it up that hill dude get it get
it get it oh there you go there you go
Oh Oh bullseye all right mama don't you
cook in what you face a DMM have
yourself danky cedilha looks so good yes
I'm ready
thank you thank you thank you yes sauce
Oh pull up the paper plates and let's
peace hi I missed the paper plates I'm
gonna be honest with you I'm glad we
have them you ready for some fresh
poopoo moly you sure you don't want to
approve Amole
yeah I got you for it
you're all set in what are you doing
what why did I actually believe there
gonna be poop back here though it's
impossible impossible so now it's time
for their not so fun stuff is that comfy
you know that's a nice little pillow it
looks just like flush I am gonna attempt
to do something I'm not very good at and
that's run one of these cats six
cords through down to my basement all
the way into my bedroom where our router
currently is because we have so many
internet like in and outs like he'll
just be on the internet and then for 30
seconds you won't have internet so I'm
gonna try to bring it out of the closet
I got a new router which should be
a lot better than the one I've had well
this thing's huge
all right we're feeding the cable feed
in the cable I got I got so much of this
cable from doing all the live streaming
I have tons of extra because when we're
at the racetrack we bought like six or
seven hundred feet of cable we didn't
even end up using it even end up using
it so I got all this I got tons I got a
whole trunk full all right so we got all
these courses definitely where it's
coming down through I'm just not good at
this stuff guys I'm really not like you
need tools you need like that fishing
wire who's down here you hook it you
pull it and I just so unqualified man
all right guys warping past a little bit
of time of course I failed at installing
the extra did get the internet to work
but in the process I was drilling a hole
and I cut one of our main HDMI cables so
now one of our TVs that it's just a
mouse I should never touch that kind of
stuff I'm taking Caleb to get his
haircut or fix did I mess it up that is
just some holes in the top see look down
look down that's not bad but what he
could have been yeah it could have been
worse mom could have involved here's the
thing I was gonna watch you drive the
car I really was but you don't realizes
and you had your license they don't have
on no more so you can start the car if
you want I have to just press that
magical red button so we're off when you
get there cut John's hooking it up it is
almost 9:00 p.m. already and John's
gonna cut
check his head out see if you can fix
this man this is immediate surgery I've
seen good Notley the back though oh my
gosh
first off I'll ask you how do you think
this huh
if you I don't want to ask questions I
could just i money gonna do we
dangled Clippers from a drone he said it
was pretty good now I want to do it with
mine hey I still got juice in mine did I
think we're done I think we're done dude
this is what the drone should have done
it's a movie Benjamin Button no I was
the night the barber said there would
cut the kid's hair for free down Lana
because their kids were bad so you see
their heads bald man funny thing is if
you put a hat on right now you'd never
know no you should Rock that you should
rock that you just that's why they call
me Slim Shady I'm back dude I'm not
gonna lie I think it looks good
different doozy I guess warping out took
Caleb home in case anybody doesn't know
caleb is Britney's cousin and I don't
know if I've ever actually told you guys
that the plug but he literally helps us
out with so many things he works at the
smile more store and he has been a huge
help to our family so that is who caleb
is uh King calls and Bubba's Bubba's
that's his name Bubba
sometimes you let me say bubble
sometimes you hear me say Caleb either
way just dropped him off and I'm headed
on halos will see is the internet so
organ we we got Internet I didn't
totally fail I didn't totally fail
Howard you how was VR no disappear today
over to Dale's house playing VR all
night I was it awesome possum like that
sweater that's pretty awesome thanks hey
fishin catching goldfish huh how harder
here's how I know you've been playing VR
your face look he has an image of the oh
my gosh you playing that new winburn
game my brother made a gaming video on
his channel with the VR and he was like
bull crawling around his floor shooting
standing up like it's like if you want
to hide behind a table you have to
physically duck behind it - it's insane
man it's insane brother look at these
guys totally missed the freak out night
no good night car I just talked I just
it's a combat Carl what movie it's
driving him nuts and can't get it don't
you hate when you know it but you just
can't think of it right now
good night you don't know it no oh I bet
there's so many people watching right
now it's like I know exactly what movie
that is
oh it's bothering you so money every
everything I say is gonna give it up
immediately
yeah there's no way to hit this no wait
wait no sorry yes
I don't know how okay good night now we
right now
noé but come on dude
no you dude I love you thumbs up the
street continues guys I'm so excited to
keep uploading every single day we've
been coming up with some pretty weird
crap to upload to but most of all
filming things that I want to look back
on and either laugh about or say jeez
that was stupid or like to see my kids
grow up man
I can't really explain to you guys how
cool it is to be like oh what was two
years ago just pull up a vlog from two
years ago I'm like look how much has
changed look how much Kane looks
different in just our lives and I
honestly feel like I have documented the
coolest part of my life like I started
vlogging and all of this stuff started
to happen a little bit we were still in
our tiny old house we were still like
and just we've grown a lot and it is
cool to capture that and look back on it
so lately I've been I keep telling
myself if you're trying to be a vlogger
I want you to think about this um try to
film what you want to remember and
that's something that I've been working
on like yesterday at the pumpkin patch
and like the things we were doing I just
I want to film all this because these
are the things I want to remember and
even though some of it not all some of
it may be more boring to you guys
because it's just me and my family
walking around a pumpkin patch but to me
that's what I want to watch later I want
to see my kids falling and having fun at
a pumpkin patch so thank you so much for
being here thank you for pushing us all
the way of that ten million line man we
are climbing guys really really at a
fast rate and I know that's just because
of you I have none of this without you
and I am fully aware of it and I just
feel so blessed to have you guys man but
this week's livestream on live got me
will not happen Saturday I cannot do it
Saturday because that is my boy Noah's
birthday party and I'm super excited
about it I have something so incredibly
ridiculous for Saturday so livestream is
gonna be moved to Sunday and I gotta be
honest I'm trying to take Brittany to
one of them crazy like haunted house
insane asylum like madness dude I want
to take her and I just want a live
srimant like in me like I'm a freak out
too so my dog keeps foreign and it
smells the whole house like it's up it's
it's better
I'm tired guys I'm gonna wrap this vlog
up thank you for being here join us on
the live got me stuff uh this weekend
Sunday night is gonna be a lot of fun I
love doing the live streams it's cool
it's just like I'm there with you guys
right there in live and it's just raw
it's super raw you are absolutely
beautiful
you are one-of-a-kind you are incredible
smile
you
