welcome to the vlog guys welcome to our
house here in Ohio it is gray it is cold
what you want go outside yeah if you
want yesterday's vlog and you watch to
the very end I actually ended
yesterday's vlog today this morning and
I wasn't feeling that good so I kind of
laid around I kind of postponed filming
too now so that's we're at welcome to
the vlog hope you guys are feeling great
and that you're not sick trying to push
it off brush it off and just say nope
I'm not sick I'm vlogging let's have
some fun one of our sleeping bags flash
aside to pee on great work flash really
good work buddy
yeah wag your tail you did good good boy
you want to put a collar on me it feels
great on my sore throat we get this cool
thing today I don't know if it's cool
I've never seen it I've never I just saw
it in a bonnet you got it yeah see this
is gonna be cool dude you know just
gonna want to eat it
what if Zeus eats it he might
that's an awesome is this the charger
yeah
gosh it is is it let it charge what is
this come on brush it's a little brushy
hey what you working on ah
I need your help Kane I need your help
you thought you're ganging up on me -
purrs - now what's up dogs what
sometimes bring it bring it
he's got me again
he's got me ah you trying to steal my
hat dude you're a thief you new fleshes
I figured it out flash shit I know who
this dog is look at him flash you guys
ever heard the story of the three little
pigs I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll
blow your house down
that's flash he's the big bad wolf uh-oh
he's got you now he's good you take out
monkey better hold on hold on King hold
it you got it oh oh gosh is getting a
better grip don't trust him he's just
getting a better grip oh go get one more
Cup
very very laid back day Britney is
working of course today for us it is
Cyber Monday so the smile more score is
hot absolutely insane busy we have a
massive crew all week working two shifts
day and night to make sure everybody
gets their orders as fast as possible
perfect snowballs yeah you go never eat
the yellow snow
that's dog pee mmm
so yeah I haven't felt that great today
I don't know what we have came I haven't
felt that great in the smaller stores
slam so Britt has been living out there
since this morning uh not much just not
a whole lot going on today apple juice
apple juice apple juice apple juice
how about smoothie no yeah it'll just
turn it into another Smitty hey let's
just talking about you
how's it how's it out there really crazy
this girls are working their butts off
and it's it's crazy a lot of girls would
probably thanking you guys for keeping
them so busy they have jobs just because
of you so that's a huge thumbs up the
store's rocking uh stocked and ready how
many things are we out of already a lot
yeah I saw a lot of tweets are like when
are you getting your camo hats but they
come in they came in today so I added
them ahead of time so we're just giving
all I actually just started the blog
line hmm
how did struggling guy so dad's climbing
such bedtime II I was like coming back
to blog and I'm ready and then I'm like
don't feel good I'm uh skipping yeah
kellen day even if it's just us at home
doing nothing I'm gonna film whoa
that's a good idea like our snow did you
hear that me this morning yeah you sound
like a horse I literally thought I was
like hacking up along it guys like like
running to the bathroom yeah I was bad
hold this I'm asleep this thing right I
don't know what to do it looks so easily
to break it says it's not and it's looks
so weird it's sitting on an egg that's
the charger okay so it's this um first
of all you guys know I love our C's when
I saw this little birdie Oleg I gotta
order this thing so that looks so
breakable every everything I've put the
blinds you guys think sponsored this is
not this is just a toy that I found and
I
thought it was unique and I had to try
and we're it anywhere rubberize start
your you know you know I really bought
it like if it works well the dogs are
going to give nuts and I was like let's
test it before the dog okay what would
you do if we went straight into the wall
like through the drywall do you do it
man nothing okay fiber wings girl zip
right into the wall
hey animal whoa oh let me blurry awesome
did you see it yeah
don't know what to do just like out of
it huh not pointing at me whoa okay know
what I don't know where to start maybe
put it on the chair or you let go of it
oh okay that was it bad I think that's
my fault
you think it was your fault it's like a
little paddle okay I killed it it was me
that was me
oh I know how to steer it it like legit
looks like a back it looks amazing
do you remember when you had a plate
prank with this you do you remember when
we had it back in our own yeah yeah okay
so I'm sitting on the couch we had like
curtains like this behind the couch and
I was like what is the brown thing it
was a bat for tea okay all right oh my
gosh dogs are gonna destroy that one
what the dog is kind of expensive
actually
whoa creepy literally just reminds me of
the back yeah it was like a real room
it's so realistic with that told you
should scare the girls with it tonight
in the store or just walk in
Oh cousin cover up the blue you have to
cover up the blue light yeah okay oh
wait maybe cuz have it on cruise control
oh my gosh that is so creepy around your
head canes starting to try cane are you
gonna hit me
here's classical and okay so you just
push your thumb down and slide it up
okay I get the hold it okay you ready
you're doing better than me and that's
right in laughs okay mommy won't have a
pinball good job came I think you're
better than daddy definitely what's in
there what is in there yeah he's like a
little scared of it this sucks guys this
really sucks bad timing
um I tried to fight it all day I tried
to fight it all day I tried to just tell
myself I'm not getting sick it's not
gonna happen I'm gonna push through it
but I feel like death you know when you
get like sorta touch-sensitive
cold chills sore throat that's me right
now honestly told myself like it's all
in my head man it's all that's a good
Sam I just got to be a hundred percent
with you guys like this is exactly the
day where I just I wouldn't upload like
I just wouldn't upload a vlog like
you're sick you don't feel good you're
like I don't want to even spread that
energy on my feet like you guys I don't
want I want you to always be surrounded
by positivity and things you watch or
positive so you feel better I feel like
when I'm sick and you guys know I just
sick a lot like I'm out on all my family
members
I'm the one that's always sick like I
eat unhealthy I I just I go too hard
like I just never stops I'm always sick
I feel like that being said I just took
two days off a few days ago and I said
if I take today off they're gonna burn a
channel down no but I look I love you
guys man I know you're here either way
and it means the world to me but truly I
just feel like dumped like trash can
like I just I feel terrible anyway guys
I hope you're feeling good I don't want
any sympathy I don't want to help you
feel better like I will I will feel
better and it's just it'll be a quick
thing hopefully you can hear in my head
like I'm like you know when you talk and
it's like monthly I love you guys and
just so you know this is the vlog that I
wouldn't have uploaded like this was the
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna wait till
tomorrow you know quality over quantity
but you guys have been so amazing to me
that this is just a real moment so I
love you I will see you tomorrow you are
beautiful you are one of a kind smile
more get it yes no you don't do this
you
