hey guys welcome to the vlog hope you
are having an awesome awesome day would
you do what did you do did you damn you
damn it now I hope you're feeling good
today I hope you're thinking positive I
hope you're ready to set aside your
problems for the next 10 to 20 minutes
let's start the vlog let's have some fun
today I have will have a really dumb
idea but if you watch this channel well
that's pretty much all my ideas
don't judge I'm Terminator theme whoa I
don't even know you gonna lift that
thing so my initial thought today was
what if I could get one of these mounted
to one of these I know what you're
thinking that's a great that that's a
really good idea what do you think whoo
Steven go down the steps yeah I'm ready
oh no problem oh you made it I have no
idea if this is even possible well what
if like look imagine oh jeez just
imagine if I could get this on here it's
not that bad
isn't that your real gun yeah what are
you doing I don't know I just had a
concept where like what if what if what
if here's my actual idea and I know that
I can't get the gun to self fire without
some type of servo that would actually
pull the trigger which I don't think is
that impossible definitely above my
skill level but if and it's a big if I
can get the gun to mount securely I can
get one shot off I can cut the body out
to accept the magazine and will hold it
in more and then I just double loop okay
what if we paint the body black to match
the gun you think that would be a good
idea
hey mama what you got this time go Carly
whoo you brought lasagna I think I'm
just gonna keep you I think you're a
keeper I think I think we're just gonna
keep her here forever
I need to go home and say
thank you she don't want to stay we
gonna have to keep her we have to figure
out a way ah you have to bribe her or
something Kane you are gonna wash this
and paint it yeah yeah black to match oh
we have white towels um okay I'll scrub
it whew a little scrubby leave the paint
stick a little better buddy look Zeus is
like what are you doing with my RC truck
these are all teeth marks these are
holes from Zeus's teeth I mean he really
gets ahold of this thing but the reason
I'm doing it with this bodies because
Zeus has a brand new body in the garage
I'm going to put on after this I've got
one really old spray paint can let's
take it out in the grass should still be
good should be fine totally unnecessary
to paint my body but I thought it would
be cool too to match the gun basically
so everything's black black wheels black
frame black gun be cool it's a big frog
he's not alive yeah my favourite RC
truck man I love this thing you stand
back just a little so it doesn't get all
wet like runny wet get closer that's
good
you got it perfect keep going I really
should have cut all the holes for the
gun before I did this but oh well good
job but it looks really good yeah oh
yeah let's get this old beat-up thing to
dry now looks pretty cool
do-do-do-do-do-do me alright so we got
the truck painted looks pretty rad dude
actually I love that looks mean I might
just leave it like that so I think the
first thing I want to do is figure out
where I'm gonna mount this now we're not
trying to shoot a lot of rounds here
we're trying to shoot one bullet Hey
that would be really great right there I
feel like a lot of my videos should
start coming with I do not try this at
home look fun this is all just for fun
guys I I get these ideas and I'm like
what if what if what if I usually just
get the ideas that I'm like whoa I gotta
try it so
bring you guys along I put it on camera
so I hope you enjoy this nonsense that's
basically what it should be called and
instead of just mounting the gun which
is what I really wanted to do in this
video let's try to actually get at least
one bullet to fire while we drive the RC
that's the goal so the first thing I did
was I cut some holes for this magazine
to sit in pretty good here's the crazy
thing this guns already mounted pretty
steady like I mean it's on there it's
not going anywhere but I also think we
need a little more security I'm actually
trying to figure that out right now I'm
using a really good 550 paracord this is
550 pound test this is extremely uh and
I used one really good Slipknot so this
rope is like a guitar string super tight
this is a GAD idea GAD this is that this
is uh this is a good a bad and a dad
idea all in one a GAD idea what do you
think of that is it crazy Oh what you
think I just called Dale because I don't
like the green paracord I need black
paracord like why would I make it all
black choking up green of course you
called Dale yeah it's because I need the
road right has nothing to with his
expertise in safety cane help me paint
it he's a little pain or dude so you
think you can just shoot it like that
yeah I mean here's the thing in the
perfect world we're just gonna shoot a
bullet which is gonna be simple we're
gonna have a loop around the trigger
pull back the truck will drive forward
you'll yank the loop boom this gun
shoots you think that's gonna work 100%
a thousand percent I have a weird loose
women pole baby yeah weird feeling it's
not gonna work
why wouldn't it work it's so simple
don't you come out here with that
negativity baby don't you come out here
with that negativity yeah I put my
twenties away from earlier yeah I see
Bill gymnasiums cut into the garage a
little bit wait for my brother to get
here he's gonna be a huge help no
Oh one thing that is killing me is the
late starts on the vlogs when I get a
late start the Sun Goes Down so quick
that I'm chasing the sunset to make this
happen back here at the shooting Mound
these things are so awesome how they
spin like that I know you almost flew I
like how there's a seat on it but nobody
really uses it things are so dangerous
all right Dale just came brought what's
up dude good idea or bad idea
I'm calling the GAD idea good bad and
dad it's good bad bad bad let's do it
let's mount it so he brought me some
black tactical cord which is gonna look
better dude I had this bright green 550
yeah yeah good rope bad color Oh
I'll send you a pallet how's that feel
oh my god it looks mean dude this is the
ultimate ha ha gah gah gah gah gah I can
get a fire on this xmax ar-15 how's it
feel secure yeah it's good it's not
going nowhere
I'm confident whoo you mean we think
it's gonna work Brit I only I only do
smart ideas it's gonna shoot a preserve
okay speaking of shooting shooting ideas
here's my idea
we don't secure it to anything you hold
the slack then maybe you drive the RC
and I just tug BAM we put it in position
so you only have to drive a few feet and
I shoot no no not a few feet pattering
oh I just really messed up I didn't put
the batteries in the truck I really did
it there's actually still charging
I'm not gonna lie this pretty
awesome-looking dude look at that
it is pretty badass we just need to
serve out one button dude multiple
buttons
you know oh yeah yeah you just pull it
but then it's like what you know what I
mean I I think you should just hold the
rope and you drive forward and then when
it hits the end of the rope boom but I
want the truck to pop up just kind of
like although we do have a magazine in
the gun we're only gonna shoot one at a
time I'm gonna load the just one at a
time basically one round one really good
thing about this truck is it's heavy so
I don't think we have to worry at all
about this thing moving at all it's just
boom boom boom that would be cool though
if you had a gun so powerful you can
make it do backflips oh my gosh what
would this truck what would this what
would this kit be called right here a RC
as far as looks goes it's kind of got it
all it's like a big boy toy looking
thing you know do we need 3d pen print
some picatinny rails like this and mount
them on the sides of the truck for tact
or like flies laser pointers oh yeah
laser so we are mounting the trigger
right now which is basically just a loop
around the trigger we're only gonna
drive the truck super straight maybe a
few feet we just want to see it shoot on
top of the truck so we're not doing
anything crazy crazy it just looks
really crazy I'm just I'm just tying it
to the trigger you're ready to go that's
it yeah we got one camera on the truck
and I guess maybe it should just roll
forward and shoot dude I'm thinking ramp
and shoe oh and shoe that's scary
awesome she is hot you want to just try
the trigger first yeah let's pull it now
go ahead and give it a test Pole
what's it haha that is rad okay you're
hot
hahaha here's our first here's our first
driving test six feet okay ready set go
it worked that's too easy it was too
easy
well here's the truth it works it works
good no problem it has no it's not even
issued a gun secure the guns not moving
it's just rocking because of the rope I
think we should load the mag up see how
many shots we can get off on this a I'm
with you
oh let's turn the red dot on for better
accuracy we're going sideways yeah
that's fine
we did it that's awesome it we did it I
mean we did it I don't know what else to
say I feel like there's an actual use
for this like in the battlefield
imagine all right someone's out of ammo
you got to get supplies to them now RC
truck RC truck there's someone in like a
armored truck that the command center
they drive the truck through the
battlefield man and then I write and
they can also pop off handgun rounds or
something it gets to the soldier this
out of ammo he picks up the X back got
got got got got got nails I do we should
just keep building this we can keep
building it because they all say like
you could have mag holders you could
have the the tactical flashlights and
survival gear to dummy grenades hanging
from the back bumper oh I think we just
turned this truck into the new defender
let's pack it up soldier let's pack it
up
next time we got a ramp shoot nude we
got to do the rap shoot that's mission
complete today that seems a really good
start and I think you've stumbled upon
something ridiculous yeah something to
build on for sure we turn this one into
our tactical tank right here we got to
get the little saddlebags
the magazine holders the tactical lights
everything all right successful mission
and we're eating Momo's lasagne and
llama rushed it it is so good without
rollerblader changes a food blog oh you
know what Kane did today at the start of
my vlog he dabbed like completely on his
on behind me you don't know what a dab
is good for you dude good for you you do
it I don't how's the super dad so we're
gonna eat enjoy a little dinner and then
maybe go play there's VR this one's on
me my god person yeah I got I gotta pay
for the day you will take all those
money I can play a couple times then
tell them two four eight two four eight
two great yeah it is
you guys look like crazy animals dude
hey jumpy all right we warped over to
uncle Dale's house Noah is playing what
is this called job simulator yeah I've
always wanted to try this this is like
your dream come true so what do you do
you're just an office worker what are
you I'm gonna do the chef you see you
become a chef is so funny that's
actually no his hands in the game he paw
yeah pour some in the blender it's funny
haha Oh spelling oh sorry Mel good
we're being back home guys thank you for
being here thanks for having fun with me
today I know some of the things I do can
be a little strange a little edgy a
little goofy one of my favorite things
about vlogging every day is the very end
of the vlogs because I know that you are
the ones that are here every single day
so thank you thank you thank you for
that man I can never stop thanking you
guys we are on the road to 10 million
subs and we can only get there because
of you the only reason I am where I am
is because of you guys man Shannon
liking the vlogs and just doing so much
for us not just me like everything my
family everyone in these vlogs is doing
so much for us so thank you thank you
thank you we will see you tomorrow we're
on 20 I think this is 25 vlogs in a row
so I feel like I'm a vlogger again I
feel like I'm back on track and it feels
amazing you guys know how long it's been
since I actually blogged 25 days in a
row it's been a long time so I'm proud
of it feels good like I'm happy
hope you guys are just feeling great man
I said at the beginning of this why I
started this blog with I hope you're
thinking positive hope you're being
positive man I really do I don't know if
I remind you guys enough lately like
I've been I've been so like just focused
on making vlogs that I haven't stopped
and challenged you guys being positive
just stomping the negativity man and
moving forward I'll tell you this guys
we're so close to 10 million I was
thinking today had somebody five years
ago looked at me and said yo one day
you're gonna have are close to 10
million subs on YouTube I look dude I
would I would have literally laughed so
hard I'd use I would have told him that
a lot like I would have called him a
liar I would I would have told him
straight up that they're out of their
minds do what you love to do man don't
let nobody stop him and don't let nobody
stop you if somebody's telling you they
can't do it it's probably because they
know they can't do it has nothing to do
with you man do what you love and don't
expect don't expect for it to happen
overnight
don't plan to be successful in a week a
month a year just do what you love man
everything else comes with it and I
don't care about everybody says it's
easy for you to say cuz you're a liberal
dude I've been doing this forever man I
was doing this when I was losing money
every day I was doing this when I wasn't
happy every day I was doing this when I
wasn't pushing smile more I was I was as
I've done it I've done it when I was
broke I'm doing it now and it's the way
of life man it's the way I'm living so I
push you every day
be positive guys I promise you it is the
better way thank you for everything
thank you for sharing thank you for
hanging out and especially being here at
the end of these vlogs I love you let's
get to ten million
push forward be positive you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile one
you're beautiful
you
