today is the day Papa Bear you ready to
race ready for a piece of this ready you
know what you you bought this just for
your ego in the end this was all about
you in the first place I was watching
your old man go down how do you know
you're gonna go down we haven't even
raced yet it is true it's like a
rotation of power you know like where
you D throne the king and you take his
seat that's what this could be I don't
know what he's saying and what he's
talking about but welcome to the vlog we
are sitting at pacemakers is a really
cool dragstrip yes we are sitting in
Mount Vernon Ohio to place called
pacemakers I didn't even know this
existed but it is like a private drag
strip it's unbelievable I can't wait to
do this look here it is it's officially
happening GTR versio six today now there
is one thing we just learned when we got
to this track is this is an eighth mile
track this is not a quarter mile no and
that's gonna help you again
it's just that's just like boom now I do
have a plan what's your plan I can't
tell you so what are we going to do to
these tires we're not going to tell
remand
we're going to go down to 25 pounds of
tire pressure in the back of these to
help you a little bit off along I don't
have that all-wheel drive he's got and
if we can we're going to try to get in
and put his up to about 60 we won't tell
him or I will tell him it'll help me all
right cool any other tricks like I said
remember that spinning ain't winning Oh
spinning ain't winning that's right from
the master and you get your golden if
you can remember that all right I'll be
watching you the whole time that you
want to hey I got something to show you
though what is it look at these
championship apples I brought for my
eyes are bowling balls dude you could
put holes and Azen ball weathers
unbeliev what are you putting that I
grew them I'm proud of these babes I
would be too it's hard you know it's
hard to tell sighs on camera but I mean
look at that that's a big out I wish you
had a
Euler Apple to hold beside it here's
regular now still all big another all
big man not you but you screwed up here
right now
I know I missed it I know I was yeah but
you was lucky because I didn't use some
drug Ettore language correct
what's your name man cliff cliff and you
just told us he said there's a there's a
place at the end of the track we can
drive around get a ticket and see how
bad we did those are the exact words
right see how bad you are what if I set
a record today huh
what if I set a record today well you
got ribbons on that I know
 might have something for you to
do I can sweep the track I get to sweep
oh my gosh guys look how awesome this is
wow this is so cool man I absolutely
love this I love this strip like this I
can't believe I didn't bring my RC my
fast one sure I wonder if it were to
register at the time what is this crap
do my dad's cheating right now you can't
cheat there's no cheating what are you
doing what are you doing oh nothing
we're just sightseeing just like see
what Abel you do you hire a coach now I
just ran here busted dude you know he's
been a little helpful and it's just
going to shame the tree line down there
that was on the tree line he's taking us
to go get some words yeah maybe get
launched all right well you got it
you're gonna need it you better pay
attention pay close attention
there goes my dad's brand-new tires
I can't wait to see my dad try that guy
we may need to go get my dad some adult
diapers guys
anybody bring adult diapers how was that
what we do I did two times they were out
of burgers Toronto bad or we're going
back how was that you think you're
getting kids now you got to do it by
yourself no no help me help Orton in the
car he's gonna do it even better
oh he's got all the skills look my dad's
in here with a coach dude all I can tell
you when you see that green you go go
yeah that's right groans go guys wonder
what that delay was all right guys we
are currently live streaming right here
we've got a hundred thousand of you on
here right now big thumbs up to
everybody supporting the live streams
we're always late we've been delay
getting the stream to work but the cars
are almost ready this guy's helping us
wash them which whoo that looks amazing
and the GTR is finally getting cleaned
by a pro I just want to get out on that
truck show my dad who's boss like I want
to show my dad who's boss guys I really
really do they know
hot enough Sanaa enough enough dude you
don't get no handicap today hey little
buddy I think it's your turn to take a
ride he'll do a little instruction down
that track okay let's do it
you ready yeah all right man what's your
name my name's rod Zalman this is rod
and you are the owner of this place yeah
I'm operator Pacemakers Greg Leah Park
so been racing for quite a while my kids
race my dad race so it's in the blood
dude thank you so much for having us
like this is a huge huge help
I think we're gonna have some fun we are
gonna have some fun - give your dad a
couple more tips I bet you did look I
slipped you a Tony or something 20
that's what it there's more oh you
slipping more he said he saved a bunch
on the car
ease up here to the line I want to get
it into the pre-staged beams like we
just did there when those two logos are
the top lights light up when you're a
pre-staged when you're pre stage then
you got to go about six seven more
inches to turn on the stage that's
actually the starting line okay
it's at that point we're ready to race
lights light up two of you and then the
trees gonna come down comes down boom we
go
yeah I am so excited man you have no
idea this is amazing I pop so after your
your little lesson how you feeling feel
hot you feel ready yeah are you ready to
go
Doody tune me up he'll tend to to me up
actually I I think I got a chance now
okay I mean a serious chance it may just
turn 5050 my 4060 has just alright and
it's about that time we're gonna go
chief crazy Hawk over here stoled all
these bald eagle feathers holy is his uh
his wisdom has just set me on top again
okay yeah not only that he gave me some
real good secrets on how to get rid of
them pesky groundhogs under my house
there's been a big help overall about
everything alright guys I told you we
were gonna have dragsters here today
here is one of them and is absolutely
beautiful like just amazing like ah
what is like something like this even
like how do you even begin to build this
I talked to a guy down there I said took
a year to build his you build this
yourself I was a factory built car but I
do all the assembly on it myself well
it's beautiful man is yours yes whoo all
right dad you ready takes us down let's
do it still a little test run they got
the track ready our cars already they
look beautiful and clean all right guys
here we go we're about to do our first
run on the strip I imagine it's more of
a practice run it's not gonna be too
official because we both have no idea
what we're honestly doing so the GoPros
are set we're ready to hit record and
we're going to go out and just do our
thing and have some fun
a Goodyear blood forestry ah this is so
awesome it feels so cool to be pulling
on the drag strip with my dad man this
is awesome he's getting a little help
over there my dad's car has a lot of
different modes so he's trying to figure
out what the best mode is to be and
obviously I think sport or super sport
or drag me you get nervous rummy
I wasn't ready oh I wasn't either as a
little scary I'm swerving out there man
I got and by the time I saw the yellow
light it was already green and I wasn't
supposed to do that
I was supposed to have my foot on that
gas at the green oh my gosh the light
turned green me and my dad are just
sitting there not even paying any
attention I just took off
that was funny I already know I already
know it's bad I didn't see the good
light turn green so your reaction time
here the perfect reaction time would be
a five point zero zero on that slide huh
so I think that one's him so he left
like two seconds late and you look like
one second oh my god wait I thought he
left before me no I think I was number
one so you then yeah cuz he left before
me all right guys so here it is so I
left the light turn green I didn't leave
for two seconds oh okay all right we'll
get better we'll get better
dude look at this guy oh my god
who watches
4.7 seconds dude all right me my dad did
a practice run here we go round 2
my dad's a pro now check them out check
here we go
my god
where is he
where are you dead I think something
happened and I think he red lit which
means he went before the the tree turned
green which I thought I did too but mine
was green honest Oh what happened we got
do it again that's fine let's keep going
that's fun
Wow last time I was too late that dodge
too early that was I'm for sure hard
obviously he messed up and I actually
feel like I did okay that time so it's
not really I don't think that one counts
like we both need to actually do good
dad you better yeah you're too tense Oh
second oh oh oh
really consistent though oh nice one of
the biggest issues is get my dad's rear
tires to hook because the car has so
much power and when you just go it
doesn't hook like this car is all wheel
drive so I have such a massive advantage
on takeoff where I think he would get me
in the long run if we had more strip
it's a small it's a small this obsession
I got one in here too
roving at seven point one nine nine Kurt
at seven point seven four seven almost
the identical speed at 99 miles an hour
that was close yeah we're getting there
okay
that was great grab any spit coming out
of the hole I did yeah spun I did a
little bit we are getting better and
that's good because we actually just did
our first drag race we officially both
didn't foul we made it down the strip
and believe it or not when I looked in
my mirror I didn't see him because he
was beside me so that was really really
close I'm excited to see the times yeah
my life oh he got a good he did get off
his light okay so in the eighth I did
seven point one nine seconds and he did
seven point seven seconds yeah so he was
seven point seven four seconds he was
seven point one nine nine okay all right
we're getting okay we're getting closer
together are you kidding me I can get so
addicted to this now I know why these
guys spend their life in their garage
building their cars because just to go
down that track is like everything like
it's gonna be so boring driving home
dude do you see how close some numbers
were is really close I feel like in I
feel like in a quarter I would you start
to just I don't know I'd have no idea
maybe that's the next race I don't know
but that was uh that was good that's the
first time my timing everything yeah
you're it's the first time I watched the
tree problem your launch was a way
better than I was all that one you were
one exec and Kaizen lunch it didn't help
me and that's bad cuz you spend I might
just I lost a lot of Bob that's the
first time my all for my wheels law like
I spun a little bit on four wheels I
don't know how you're hooking at all I'm
fighting all of that long yeah just give
it everything cuz I'm like going me his
tires are so fat
literally almost to my elbow thick 99.7
for mile-an-hour that close to a hundred
yeah you were 99.5 3 oh you're the left
you're right
far to let you it's still the same thing
99 point we hit the same speed pins and
needles there man all right let's do
this
the bottom line is at the eighth mile
the gt-r is just too quick off the line
it's off the line that's everything
because you only have an eighth mile to
get there I think it's the only thing
separating these cars is the take-off
that's it which is what makes the GTR so
special it has the ability to just
launch it comes my pops I want to try to
position this to see him but I can't
change is what's necessary here we go
okay I changed a few things all right
last one here we go man
the GTRs fast off that line me good I
don't really think I sketching you much
if I sketching you at all I don't know
top speed top speed dude look at this
lineup man oh my gosh so I'll just click
the sailor back if it comes up a lot in
a checkbook this this is going to be
ridiculous guys I'm sure everyone at
this track right now is like what is
this dork doing in his GTR right now
look at that beast
he's got it
top speed roaming at 98 dragster at 140
for my face hurts from smiling so much
dude I just raced the dragster I hit the
finish line at 98 miles per hour
he hit the finish line at a 144 miles
per hour and he let me go a couple
seconds ahead like he totally just toyed
with me in that dragster man I would
have done the same thing that was
awesome man I could I can feel you
coming like my car was shaking I knew
you were just gonna blaze follow me it
was awesome thanks for having fun man
you're caught your car is absolutely
beautiful
amazing fun huh Preston and it's been
super fun had so much fun in beat you
but I'm not so I'm not upset it was
super fun now it was fun I was crazy I'd
be safe right then love you later girl
that is that I had an absolute blast we
actually ran out of time which kind of
sucked we started live-streaming too
late push us back a little bit but the
track stirs I thought were there for us
to race and I'm not sure if they were
gonna ever let us but I'm glad that me
getting into race much definitely need
experience in that crap
The Dude's driving and we're like knew
how to drive him I think me and my dad
would have like there's nobody I don't
even know how to take off the line so
I'm glad it worked the way it worked
super fun day Jeff gets out in it was
incredible for filming everything Jeff
film so much for us cuz I just couldn't
film it the vlog should be a lot of fun
 and I wish I had a drone guy there
if I had a drone guy there imagine like
chasing us down the track you're coming
out all right I'm back homes you miss me
boy huh you just wanna play ball bet huh
what up oh geez
uh I guess it won't be a kid it for you
what's up let me help you out me up yeah
would you do I know I see all this
cardboard don't look too close about
Kane huh buddy
he's like I'm playing games I'm busy dad
but you huh you got me a chair I saw the
box but I can't wait you built this yeah
you're right thanks a minute
it ring explores or car airbag on this
ah my workstation has been completed I
love it
yes see a baby like oh I'm just gonna
build it real quick it took me about a
half hour thank you so so much for that
sis I love you did he waits all day for
this right here what up guys with
somebody I did win oh we can't we are
not selling I know it's kind of hard to
see on the stream huh the vlog is gonna
be cool I hope were you playing Star
Wars what's up dudes look at you guys
buried in games yeah allowed to play
games so they're all three playing
differently super fun day such a fun day
guys I hope you really really enjoyed
this I know for me it was about getting
out with my dad we witness isn't over
this is not over honey it's not over it
can't be over because it
wasn't a quarter-mile track I know that
doesn't make sense to you but my dad
needs a quarter-mile track I think it'll
be more fair you guys know the GTR on
the eighth mile just you can't you can't
hook my dad can't hook his back wheels
my car goes so guys it is still a little
early here it's about 7:00 p.m. and I'm
going to end this vlog I want some time
with Burton Kane off camera maybe even
watch a movie and not just that and not
even just that is a bigger vlog for me
to edit because I think there was like
seven total cameras so I kind of got a
play with it and it's not as quick as my
normal blog so I'm gonna add it hang out
with the fam and just start fresh
tomorrow I freaking love you guys thank
you for watching these vlogs we're on
the road to 10 million baby we're almost
there please share a vlog share this
vlog share your favorite vlog anything
you can do helps so much out we will see
you tomorrow we're on 20 I think this is
23 vlogs in a row feels good man it
feels good to be putting up content for
you guys every day we love you we'll see
you tomorrow um tell me if you think we
should do the quarter mile race cuz I
think it needs to happen to be fair it
needs to be a quarter mama I love you
guys you're beautiful you're one of a
kind smile more
you
