well well well what you guys think
should I do it yeah for sure
can you think I should do it if you guys
say so totally up to you alright yeah
yeah sure why not
I'll go get the truck I gotta go get the
truck what's up guys and welcome to the
vlog we just get our day started the
kids are playing the Bobcat the battery
is dead I must have left it on are you
coming with me are you coming now stay
outside
I'll be right back no no no stay outside
welcome to the wall guys ah what am i
looking truck keys truck jump the Bobcat
that's what I got to do what's done with
the shower girl maybe I'll be outside
okay
let's have a try keys huh the girl have
a drop keys okay
the vlog streak continues guys we have a
really good dumb bad idea right now oh
geez
gotta use the truck to jumpstart this
bug guy oh my god can you imagine
working on that it's a spaceship buzz
you get them cables drop the answer
human verse Doge never gonna happen
flashes so fast
oh hey here we go here we go Oh
that's pretty dumb right
clashes eating pumpkin
whoa oh my gosh it's gotta be real with
you guys I'm getting to the age where
when I do things I actually risk hurting
myself like that's nothing for a six
like for me young kid could do that all
day I just jumped the way I landed my
neck was like I feel fun but I
definitely felt it is now we're gonna do
it I think so oh it's awesome
you ready ha ha ha how's it feel that's
awesome
the plastic balls are harder than they
look little bucket rod what you think
dude you're up on top of the world man
hang out your sponge just it's your
tower your watchtower all right let Noah
jump in then I'll take you down okay
that's awesome dude you're thinking
about it aren't you I can see it in your
eyes
so much fun such a stress reliever just
jumping on a bike and just ride I love
it it's great feeling gotta be bigger
ramps up for sure dog house looks all
ready to go although you're gonna rat me
out
it is cleanup time shower time gonna get
ready Brittany's making a cake for Jess
you guys know we celebrated her birthday
on a couple days ago we're actually
gonna go over tonight and celebrate with
the family and kids and I yeah so we get
ready right now and then when I'm at the
power of soap and water
I don't lose mama hey guys I went in and
grabbed Romans camera while he's in the
shower
canes making something for daddy right
yeah he was he started to make a puzzle
and then I am making a cake for Jess
it's her birthday
we're gonna go over a new presents for
her and cake and ice cream there's the
cake chocolate is her favorite so I have
to do chocolate okay so I have this card
for her super cute it's got a little
cake and then like a it's got like a
really cool three-dimensional cake Oh
still gooey oh I think the bottom of our
oven needs cleaned cake is still gooey
it's not done can i film you in your
towel now like this then this is what
you did hey guys that was me
this is what you look like fingers oh oh
Mama's here hey Roman you walk around
like that when Mama comes my mom don't
look don't look mom oh I don't hurt your
eyes hello I guess so hi mama
Oh Sam sit flash you get down sit shake
I shake it sit shake
he's almost got it sit shake shake good
boy that is a good boy Jesus ah
all right animal shoes on nice boots
baby - the sky is amazing
look at that sky dude I can't run away
anything
climb on into the spaceship mommy's got
the magic button and you push your
button it starts up push it we did the
same exact thing here's this way scarier
though yesterday I challenged you guys
and I'm gonna lose yet another bet - you
guys I told you guys if you got the
prank channel 210 million today that
this week and I would go out and pull a
new prank well I didn't think you'd
actually do it today we're gonna do it
today all Italy in like three hours look
what ain't what the perfect time to do
it then on Black Friday right it's not
Black Friday yeah but I mean you can do
a pretty call on Friday that would make
sense so here's what we're dealing with
guys this is the prank chillin you can
see the numbers are just flying so
somehow we're gonna hit ten million on
two channels in the same month
damn that's like it is impossible I
would say that that is when you get
those new play buttons can I please just
look at him just for a second
look at this Dale Romans about to hit
ten look at the numbers up like that
there come on oh no we got a thousand we
gotta go 900 to go let's see yeah you
still do them yeah that's the deal man I
told it I told him this is my motivation
this is a win-win for them
I get me the 10 and I get new pranks
here's the next question what are we
gonna film what what kind of prank I'm
just gonna go out on the street do we
have a problem I would be so pranked if
there was a Camaro in my drive
I'd be like Frank don't you miss I'm not
gonna miss it we're still like a
hundreds away hundreds away this is a
dream come true by the way this makes
you totally can take it 1 million
sinkings actors I know it's insane
thinking back though uh how much work
went into this channel
almost forgotten about this channel
completely but we've put years of our
life's into this chap here comes oh come
on you can't hide from this I really got
a good night again 248 oh here we go
now you're 100 200 no pranks on me I
know we'll go out on the street we'll go
out on the street baby you and me dude
for you Britney we remember the way we
just went and kissed on people let's
let's do another one that was a fun bag
no this is huge me beyond the you guys
know we were gonna hit 10 million on
this channel no matter what but you guys
just did it in just about four hours
when I uploaded today yesterday's vlog
we were about sixty thousand away and in
three hours you guys did about sixteen
thousand subscribers so huge thank you
for making it happen so early and today
and I will get you that prank that's
promised and we'll do something banach I
promise you that Roman I promise I Rama
just think last time I promised you
something it only took what a year to
blow up the top car I'm gonna make this
happen I'm gonna make this happen I know
I know
it's just so nice and warm out we should
make a friend an arctic prank
are they Frank yeah Frank and polar
bears mmm look at these things let me
see your hand let me see your I'm using
a slap bracelets anybody remember these
things I used to have them when I was a
kid maybe they're coming back because
look at this read it
Oh slap it ah would be so serious and
you're so serious slam what the heck is
that
oh now it's mine hey Bret did you drop
this your brain to your brain my brains
way bigger
uh-huh alright guys so we've hit 10
million subscribers on two channels in
this month and I've just decided to
start a rock band and leave the YouTube
behind so here's my first song
you
gin mill $10
that's it do you think you think people
are gonna buy that song I bought it yeah
if you think it's a hit I feel like the
bidding could be a little smoother the
beginning wait wait what do you mean
what do you mean well like you started
too soon
no I did I don't think it was a I don't
think it was me I think was you saying
it's my fault that the songs not a hit I
just I'm not calling anyone else
specifically I just played it the way
you told me to just I need you guys keep
practicing and we're gonna come back for
our Levin mill song okay
we played again at 11 mill you all right
guys we are back home and there is no
mess from the dogs good job way to go
give me five man give me five
that's it oh oh flash good job dude no
mess man
Lizzy would you give him a blueberry
came to my mom gave us a bunch of frozen
they grew are my absolute favorite shots
and I could eat just frozen blueberries
when they're so hard it's crime and
these came out of the garden these are
fresh yeah there's the best no no me and
Grandpa my dad planted all these
blueberries they taste different one um
he tastes different on the frozen uh-huh
uh-huh
got to take a minute give some up to one
of our favorite sponsors on this channel
audible.com you guys here's talk about
all the time audible is the king of
audiobooks they are the the leading
provider of audiobooks they have
countless selections from action books
to comedies to documentaries they have
it all these are great for traveling
you're on a plane the ear buds even for
jogging on a treadmill riding a bike you
listen to your favorite book it is 2016
it's almost 2017 you'd like we're living
in the future
laying down sitting down reading a
physical book is becoming like old
school now you can listen everything if
you're like me I always say this I can
read just fine I can sit down I can read
but to actually comprehend when I'm
reading I'm not very good at it and I
suck at it if you go to audible.com
forward slash Roman ro ma n you get a
free book with 30 day trial so that's
pretty awesome
so that's audible.com /r oh man that's a
free book with a 30-day trial check it
out we'll put the link in the
description show them some love they
have been supporting this channel for
gosh it's been a year and a half they've
been with us on this channel so huge
shout out to them check it out if you uh
if you just don't want to read a book a
lot of you guys even in school now are
allowed to listen to audiobooks so
that's huge yeah that's becoming a big
thing so it's awesome check it out don't
be skeptical get your read on through
your ears you give me your favorite one
let me see that one
slap it which I these are dude whatever
happened to these things so Britney had
an incredible idea we can't do it
tonight but we can't do it tonight but
what do you think about one night this
week we set up and we do indoor camping
like we set up a tent and everything
like a full tent in the living room
maybe and we camp inside guys it is
truly an absolute blessing to have you
in my life not just my life my family's
life I can't even explain how surreal
just can't explain it man like guys I
come from factory life I come from
working in factories and only having
this crazy idea of making videos for a
living it just didn't exist at the time
I graduated high school in 2001 YouTube
didn't come around until 2006 like when
I was done with school this career just
didn't exist it wasn't available it's
just is so for going from factory life
to now living the dream that I had in my
mind as just a crazy idea man like I
would guys when I was in high school I
think about your position now if you're
watching this and you're still in school
imagine telling people that you wanted
to make videos not movies like movie
career existed like you could become a
director and make movies that's not what
I said I wanted to do I said I wanted to
make videos and like that just didn't
exist I literally say this at the end of
every vlog and that is thank you I mean
every time I said I mean it is I it's
just you guys are more than just
somebody watching my videos man you I've
truly changed my life your viewership
has changed my family's life and my
extension of my family my friends now
have jobs employed by us it's just all
crazy man and I know that if you're
watching right now you are really
somebody that has helped shape and
change my life because you're here to
the end of these videos not the exciting
part of the videos you're here now so
thank you from the bottom of my heart I
friggin love you guys use me as an
example chase your dream no matter how
crazy no matter how silly it sounds no
matter how many people tell you not to
do it the only person that can stop you
from getting to that point is yourself
go get it man I love you guys I will see
you tomorrow thank you for being here ah
beautiful you're one of a kind
snob
you
