are you ready to have fun yeah I wanna
go here for months and months and months
in long you have but we never get to
welcome to the vlog guys today is a day
that has been actually no has been
wanting to do this for literally months
months and months don't film your room
cuz it's disgusting
look at this yeah but clean your room
then I will I'm going to you got three
minutes leaving in five minutes
be ready he's gonna be a fun desu see
where's your mom where's your mom little
boy are you looking for your mommy let
me help you find her Oh haven't you ever
seen a doughnut with pretzels on it
what what
what were you hungry I'm so hungry
is that approximate no no so why would
you put pretzels on a donor Oh humbug
find out good I was like salty and sweet
all together all right yes sir today is
fun with the family and take the kids
out Brittany my brother his kids and
we're really getting some fun family
time with a cool fun activity that we've
been wanting to do for a long time it's
just been hard to pull it off and uh
these are the worst hope hangers by the
way you see these they get snagged on
everything you pull them out of your
closet you end up just ripping up and I
know my hair is crazy you guys have been
really nice to let me know how bad it
looks
I'm working on it all right at least I
have hair now I'm gonna eat dressed
we're gonna get ready we're gonna go we
got the wild animals back here
everybody's so excited to get like TVs
in their cars but once you get them you
realize you no longer have kids like
they just disappear come back I miss you
can come back all right guys we're just
warping right over to the fun you guys
ready what's up brah I don't know if the
girl you jump me mom yeah you are
Brittany's Brittany Brittany and the
baby jumpin I'm gonna show your viewers
the first-ever five front flip to broken
neck and spine
oh you could do the flying salmon on
rubber you know flying salmon on
trampoline salmon so here is the most
exciting part about the whole thing is
we have this place all to ourselves it
is just for you
you ready came hey this is all yours
dude you can go anywhere and do anything
you want so good-looking socks you got
there girl
hey we match look stick you'll like a
little your foot is you all pink down we
see I love it
he was like he's like mom can I have a
hat like that was like penis is my only
pink hat until December okay you can
wear it are you cleaning the floor
listen joy listen to her when you're a
Caribbean or the record is how many
squares you can hear go get it go get it
whoa you did a flap there and go off the
wall off the wall oh actually it doesn't
look like you're jumping up okay
thank you
so we have a trampoline part today which
is amazing for the whole family the kids
definitely gonna have a blast here
tonight how bad do you want to jump how
bad do you want to jump it's probably
good for the baby it's good exercise I'm
only my first trimester so literally I
could jump and be fine the baby's like
the size of my pinky nail not even set
go what killing us that was the worst
filming every fu-- Hey film do not them
if you kill me what happened look your
kid loves you now silly now that you
have no breath then I'm done I got my
energy spin mom's problem that's it good
do it do it
hahaha that was really hot dude you
can't just bust out the salmon without
stretching dude what is the dad flip are
you pop Oh sue I wanted to get the
Doubleday yeah
let's see the dad flip that was perfect
double dab nobody double dabs nobody
double dash
all right we got to see this you got to
go big that's the one and a half tuck
the knees Oh
Dale's beating me one time tonight it
was a race across the trampoline
spreading its body of work twice
now we're gonna see who can make it to
the end of the foam pit and back first
now is that back to this orange matter
back to that orange man all right you
ready
wait doing pro we have to start right
here
you have to jump alright you guys ready
yeah yeah I wanna get
and there i've been defeated again yeah
where's your other sock honey yeah I was
going so fast I blew my sock off
ready pick it up to here hey I'm talking
about the baby
now he catches one you're back in get it
game get up get up get up if you have
never done trampoline dodge ball highly
recommended the heartbeat and I'm
sweating
everybody say thanks to Shelby and
Ariana thank you for having us amazing
huge shot off the sky zone for helping
my kids sleep good tonight that's how we
advertise you kids can't sleep
bring on the skies I uh I'm gonna sleep
better than the case your mom can't
sleep well guys I don't want have to
tell you this but I'm Merry Christmas
that's your gift hope you had a good
Christmas all right
you have a good Christmas good Christmas
all right maybe I have to set up the
tree this year we're done dang nice car
bro dang it's good gas mileage - bye
Dale that was so much fun man you good
tom was it everything you are expected
pretty much yeah oh geez here we go with
the big Scoob don't let mommy see that
new car
what are you doing game well that was
awesome we are headed home right now I'm
pretty sure the kids and myself we're
gonna sleep excellent Jeff um
alright guys we're back home kids are
getting a shower and I'm watching you
guys have been tweeting me today how
close the prank Channel I know a lot of
you guys may not even know that I
actually have another channel used to be
my main channel this is where I would
upload pranks this is actually for a
long time was my only channel until I
started this channel this channel
happened to somehow pass my main channel
now this has become my main channel
however you guys have been hitting me up
for the last two days straight how close
the main Chen the own pain channel is
210 million we were gonna have two
channels with 10 million possibly no one
made a joke the other day actually when
the vlog Channel at 10 million he made a
joke and he said if you guys get the
prank channel 210 million that I should
do a new prank and if I am going to take
that challenge if you get look at this
alright obviously I can't do it without
you here's where we out on the prank
Channel right now nine point nine
million and we just lost one actually um
here's the challenge and it's for both
of us you guys get the channel to ten
million I have to do a new prank if you
know this channel then you know I
haven't uploaded in probably seven
months has it been that long
heystop load every single week on this
channel every week I would upload it now
it's been probably seven months so
pretty much I don't upload on that
channel anymore let's make the deal I
know you have the package yeah it's
probably bad idea to but we're so close
I just feel like we should get this to
ten mail in return to these guys I have
to film a new prank like a fun like
family out on the street prank family
out on the street yeah like it like a
nice fun clean prank you know I'll do it
if you do it it's actually really close
and I feel like you guys can get it
there I feel like I should put a time
frame on it eventually it's gonna hit no
matter what but the time we maybe if you
guys hit it today I have to go out this
weekend er then we can their power no
they can if they want to it's whether
they want to or not so if you got one
minute jump to the brink gentle I'm
gonna put it in the top of the
description of this video hit that sub
button get it to 10 million and force me
to get up and pull a new prank that's
really what it's all about
just dusting it off man it's a
a channel just needs dust it off Oh
little duster ooh I just made a deal
with the Internet
oh wait you owe me owe you 20 bucks for
why I took you to the skies on today I
do I owe you 20 bucks I know you earned
it I know I won't film your dirty room
you owe me 20 bucks for not filming your
dirty rooms I made the deal if they get
the channel 210 though I have to pull a
new prank they're gonna motivate me I'm
gonna show you floor I'm gonna show your
floor so I know you're starting to get a
little age on you could you care
normally it like your kid doesn't care
but you start at that age where you care
I care still there's still plenty of
days I'm not gonna lie we're we're like
let's clean before start lock yeah some
days you guys have seen the house trash
some days it's whatever some days I'm
like yeah let's clean up man like we've
looked like he knows like we're born in
a barn man this is something he's doing
her kids and we crack out I don't know
is press surprise so stupid ready you
grab each lip you hold out your tongue I
hope you sleep great
who's in my bed oh I see you now
mom he's up in your bunk if Noah's bed
fell through his floor he'd land right
there
they were just he probably still asleep
too
yeah well you both still be as bad I bet
I love you baby
no got a great day man yep
see you tomorrow it's always red why is
it red why am i red got to got to get
this haircut guys thanks for being here
today man I love you guys you're
everything to us
it's good fun family day couldn't uh no
matter how many of those days I get
there's never enough it's never enough
time there's never enough of them it's
just I need more family days I'm
addicted to them I love my family man
I'm so blessed to have what I have thank
you guys for being here thank you for
pushing me motivating me uploading uh
we've been uploading it this might be 20
in a row not that big of a deal but it's
cool I like it
speaking of thanks Thanksgiving is
coming up Thursday we're doing our shoot
competition challenge that we've been
talking about and please please be
thankful for everything you have before
Thanksgiving don't wait till
Thanksgiving to say hey so thankful for
this it's a good day to be reminded
be thankful every day man you have more
than you can ever imagine man no matter
how bad you think you haven't believed
me I've been to rock bottom I've been to
some of the worst points in my life I'm
telling you no matter how bad I had it
somebody still had it worse than me so
be thankful for exactly what you have I
Love You Man you are beautiful
you're one of a kind don't forget that
smile
you
