welcome to the vlog guys hope you are
having an amazing day we are getting a
very incredibly incredibly very very
incredibly late start very incredibly
how do you even say that they start
later on
so today's one's gonna be a lot
different than the last like the last
week where it's been going crazy in the
snow and we've been playing on vehicle
Louise flash you go go potty mom let's
go let's go loudmouth you got do it
let's do it um we are supposed to get a
bunch of potential snow tonight so we're
super excited about that because if we
could add to what we already have would
be awesome be fresh no you you yelled oh
look at this you have eaten like a
ten-course meal today I know you're not
hungry you are lying you are lying on a
treat ready show everybody what you
learned sit stay nope sit don't talk
back good oh he does we haven't trained
him at all he does know here ready it's
it shake shake clump no here you gotta
have it yeah
he listens to you no he's not he's a
great dog he's a really good are you is
this what you want to do right now
alright how's this work came this I
don't understand where does this pop on
to here okay spring yeah no yeah no you
got it you don't like the toilet what's
the matter sleepyhead seems like maybe a
week we've been going pretty hard
outside everything from just snow to
vehicles to ramps so pulling on tubes
it's just been an outdoor adventure all
week so today Sunday came around and we
took it very easy so easy that we were
like we haven't even filmed today so
we're picking up the camera right now
this evening we're hanging out we're
gonna just goof off as a family we got
this extremely exciting toilet the cane
has been wanting to poop in all day
you're not supposed to go the bathroom
in it right Wow what should we do right
now oh my gosh is that a real thing okay
don't scare him don't don't scare him
he's right there okay there's this crazy
trick that we've never tried if you've
seen these videos of cats where you put
a cucumber behind me in it really it
didn't work did you try to talk sir that
job well if you've already tried and
didn't work does it
apparently cats were terrified of
cucumbers I don't understand it have you
said no you have to be like a special
okay just walk away
Coria you think it's gonna work do you
think it's gonna work Cora she's got her
eyes on I'll see what happens
why's everybody staring at me I think
good a lot it happen naturally of course
of course now the cat's gonna eat more
than he's ever eaten what if you don't
even see it Cora's going to get him
she's like it's taking too long I want
to see the cat now where are you going
girl I got to stay on the cat coz if he
does do it this is supposed to be that
close that's fun leave it leave it leave
it leave it leave it
oh that was so he didn't see it cuz he
knows you're there everything's safe
that was horrible that was the worst oh
geez okay you just tossing cucumbers at
this point that was a real big fail so
I've seen these videos we've all seen
them of people putting cucumbers behind
their cats and they freaked out like
they literally jump out of the camera
screen so I don't know what the deal is
with that cats cats can be pretty crazy
yeah they haven't developed the fear of
cucumbers yet okay so what is this how
does this work it's a toilet game you
just poop your pants I'm not doing that
I'm out okay so we're building building
a toilet system right now you understand
the game is the actual game she's
cruising all over this house now she's
like you guys build your toilet I'm
gonna be running around
come here Cara just like I can do it I
can do it I can do it once her beads say
give me them beads she loves these
things too sparkly
get them kora but I'm trying dude this
thing you don't drive right
go get the beads she's trying she's
trying oh look at that girl yo she's
getting big guys noise little beat girls
that'll be girl little bead girl cane
what is that behind you what is that
behind you what is it that's what the
cat was supposed to do look at him
no drop the cucumber see the cats are
scared of the dog just runs away with it
he's like you guys got me a cucumber you
guys really will you really take a bite
you would want me um so we are gonna
attempt to just try to almost livestream
this vlog we're gonna pretty much just
film exactly what we're doing right now
hanging out goofing off and just being a
family playing some weird game that I've
never seen in my life and hopefully we
get to laugh together a little bit
tonight with this and just bring you
guys along so first you can't have the
cucumber you kid you really take a bite
good think about it dude he legit wants
this I'll make a deal with you all right
I'm gonna I'm gonna make a deal with you
why is it called butter there you go
there you go enjoy joy get your get your
greens on geez no water begins this so
you spin the toilet paper whatever
number you get how many times you push
your hands getting ready okay okay did
you fill it you put water spray yo we
should put a tootsie roll in there
so it's just kind of I'm trying to film
you guys up here I don't know it's no no
too much weight get your butt over or uh
we're up here
Cora hi baby like how do I get up there
that's a whole nother level I don't even
understand all that in what way it's not
in a spray it doesn't spray nothing it
doesn't care I ain't buying it of course
trying to do laundry Cora squirt from
where flash okay all right you want to
sample it gage show us how it works how
do you win the game if you hear a
flushing sound but no water sprayed when
you flush you're safe it's an ex-player
sperm you get sprayed by the flasher out
how do you win the game what is the
objective no not yet okay so once you
get sprayed you're out okay okay cool
let's do this
Yallah can go first I think only one
okay whatever it lands on is what you -
there's one - all right
no it's it's mommy's face down there
oh this could be it this could be it oh
my six times a 101 yeah here we go ready
you got a one so I'm out like I'm out of
the game
oh I'm out of the game just one okay
push it push it
there you go all right you're safe
you're safe all right we're out bud it's
good good efforts you know how do you
know it
Oh mommy might take it mommy might take
it so nervous what's he getting all
right let's see it
Oh mommy still going that's what you
said last time she got it
Cannes the winner of the toilet game
come on Cora come on bro I only know how
to go forward and backwards I don't know
a turn it mommies showing you where all
the stuff you're not even supposed to
have is that's a reachable area this is
like toilet roll that wait you didn't
tell the kids that it's actually toilet
water it is where the water that's what
I filled it with did you not see me fill
it I put toilet water in it you come out
with toilet toilet squirt guns come on
baby there's my girl
these crazy boys Dylan what are these
crazy boys doing you're soaking me come
on baby come on baby look at this well
right
he's squaring it up Oh countersunk it's
worth the viewers it's worth the viewers
worth the viewers that's funny that
would be a funny twist on the game
you put yellow food coloring in it now
yellow or brown brown food canes lost
his mind he's lost his mind he's just
thirsty now he looks like the dog right
now trying to drink out of the toilet
what's left cause like I just want to
watch this
that's smart like they it's already
colored right so you don't have to do
all that you put there that's genius
no I mean no no I mean like before we
have putted the food color this one's
already colored baking soda konjac
solution from all them contacts you put
in your eyes
oh okay I had to grab the camera and
lunge it putting my boots on the go
outside in Romans no chocolate putting
them back like the personal pack
personal now like three different ones
and took bites and then just put them
back you see what was in I'm like that
might be a challenge what's in it if
it's caramel dad's gonna be mad it's not
you know you can have the happy and one
if you want me see what's in it
take a bite with derma yeah whatever
teeth you have left in there for cherien
know what's in the oh that is just hard
see there's no cheering there what I'm
gonna go out to get contact solution
okay okay so what does ye s spell ye s
well what does it spell
yes spells yes uh-huh what does EU IES
spell you why yes yes does ye s spell ye
s uh-huh
why yes yes yes yes
what does EU IES spell it's not word see
why yes think of it think of it really
hard
hey flash how's that cucumber he just
took it you took a bite of it well he's
got the other hat oh he really is eating
it
he's one of these likes his veggies so I
gotta say guys today has been absolutely
amazing much more laid back then just
talking about right now this hey let's
see some more chocolate
not just this this part of the blog but
the whole day actually has been like our
house during the week is is pretty
incredible there's tons of people here
every day it's so today I was sitting I
was like no more chocolate oh that's a
shame you have to go drink more out of
the toilet then but today it was like it
was so quiet like the Browns like it is
so quiet in our house because it's
really is the zoo over here it's a zoo
yeah you look good in that chain flash
you look good ain't say bling-bling i
blog say bling-bling no my boys love
chorus toys just uh just another night
the Atwoods you guys like this do you
like that Noah Cain do you like that I
think it's a little weird
I just thought doesn't fit right it's
like I don't know if I'm okay do not
ride the dog if you can't wear a saddle
you can't ride them so I I have no idea
what it's like for you guys on a you
know not just a normal day but a Sunday
Sunday's are different for us there's
like are shutdown days or relaxed days
or do blessed days Oh getting off track
before we end this vlog we got to do the
push-up challenge it's gotta happen just
should we do it people to slime should
we just do it you got it
you got to start waiting for daddy we
are at 13 today we did 12 yesterday and
so while we'll do 14 we're adding one
each day you guys already know so
today's 13 you want knock it out right
now let's do it right now let's do it
Brett you did like five yesterday butts
are for ashtrays what baby can I help
you maybe just do more push-ups than
always look Cain's doing without us
his push-ups have gotten way better they
start gettin tired he starts archana
yeah I remember that
hey just no flashy flash hey let's try
to do this stuff flash he he always
attacks us everytime when you push okay
you okay in case you guys are new here
we're adding we started doing push-ups
in the vlog we started at 10 you can
start at whatever number you want to if
it's one push-up start at one tomorrow
do two then three then four let's just
keep this going we started at 10 and
we're just now doing 13 today so join
join us if you can as a family with your
friends by yourself whatever you want to
do join us let's make this fun some we
can do together so here we go okay he's
got his busy bone that's not a busy bone
that's gonna last like a looks like a
that's like not a busy bone okay we got
a hurry core is getting impatient
yeah 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 job
boy yep that was terrible terrible okay
so that's something that we want to try
to encourage not only us to do every day
but maybe you guys will join us and if
you don't wanna be push-ups do sit-ups
add one sit-up each day or or do both
we're just gonna push ups a time very
time-consuming in the vlogs I think when
we hit a certain number
I'm just gonna make that our end card
each day so if you want to do the
push-ups with us it'll be on them in
cards so a lot of you may not want to
participate and just get past it yeah
slime time slime time let's do it okay
Sakura was in her bed today get your
dirty butt out of there huh and so I
would disappear and then I would come up
and she's literally laughs now come down
I literally did like 6000 squats no I
did like 50 every time every time I came
back up she was laughing so hard
poor entire s6 out okay so you're gonna
dump one of those into your first bowl
how about the little bowl yes okay do it
dump it dump it dump yeah no but you got
to squeeze it squeeze it oh it's so
bloopy-gloopy blood it's a little
psychotic in here
it's a little
let me summon our photo huh you excited
Kane I can tell you're not excited but
look on your face it's tough that was
fast
you got like alien buggers she's like
what you guys got there what you guys
it's like complete it's like completely
clear what blow on it like a bubble see
if you can blow it oh my god Oh
pop it Cora wants it so bad look at her
looky Cora she is zoned into that pink
super cool she loves grabbing a hat Cora
no now she wants the camera oh no give
it so what's got it oh that's gonna be
cool what's gonna come one giant cosmic
thing you should make a shirt out of it
yeah that's wild
it's so sparkly money I'm totally ready
I see it
let's see it what in the world is this
stop is a silly putty like you wrap your
thumb sure it's super tight around
just like you create this little hole
and you blow oh not that much usually oh
my god that is crazy so big you can very
good that is cool well guys I sure hope
you enjoyed just a moment into our life
on this Sunday it's not Sunday for you
anymore but for us it's our Sunday
evening we're gonna chill out do what
we've been doing and we will see you
guys tomorrow back at it for the mayhem
we love you you are beautiful you are
truly one-of-a-kind it looks like a
helmet it looks like you're wearing a
helmet go on into with me flash you want
to end it with me today we love you guys
thank you so much for everything we'll
see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
you
