welcome to the vlog guys it is
absolutely gorgeous outside it's
beautiful with sunny and I want to tell
you about my new job I actually got a
new job tree removal I have become tree
removal service I show up at your place
of business or home and I help remove
your tree your unwanted trees let's say
you're trying to dig a pond but there's
a big tree on your property I'm gonna
show up and remove that tree Melissa I
think I'm losing my mind us I really do
pulling up in my man Todd's house or
with the reef farm and uh we're gonna do
a little tree removal today look at tree
is so dangerous I can't I can't even cut
it down
it's dead oh look at all the wood we got
here yep so I want to burn it and stuff
but the problem is if you get too close
to it I mean if I started cutting that
thing those things could just fall if
it's been sitting there for like four
years dead dead
so here's the tree it's this big dead
rotted out tree we're gonna try to take
it down today once you just go full
speed with your van and just hit it
watch all the branches come down you got
your your sweet probably hard to tell on
camera how big that tree is it's about
40 inches across which is a big tree for
how we're gonna do this to take a tree
down like this you're gonna need good
tools I brought just the tools gonna
need a lot of these whew 308 one two
three imagine calling your local tree
company and and you guys show up with
just a whole bunch of guns and and and
ways to take down a tree now I'll be
really surprised you really think you
can take a tree down no way no way all
right guys we're gonna start small see
what happens when we just we shoot the
tree now we're gonna use a 2 to 3 and of
course the 50 Desert Eagle that thing's
a plugger man I want to somehow show you
guys the actual width of this tree it's
a big honkin tree man watch you stay it
up next to us
that's a big tree
I don't need a tag to take that tree
down 50 butcher you're not worried about
it like coming down and smashing your
bar this could be like one of the more
dumb things we've done right here
remember the ice when we carved the ice
out and blew the ice all over his barn
that's all that on eBay yeah dude those
things live my whole life they're
everywhere all right we're gonna at
least knock the bark off so we can see
what we're hitting we're gonna use the
50 golden Desert Eagle ready oh geez ah
that's crazy man oh my god holy crap
fell on my head oh my god that's it good
that's a lot of that's a lot work on
your wrist man Thunder Britney she's
pretty small yeah I think is she shot
this no bet they would break her little
wrist man
all right guys so I don't know man you
got some nice holes here probably from
the desert eagle the AR is almost
pointless you can see all these holes
it's just bouncing right off the tree
it's putting little dents all right
we're gonna cheat a little bit we're
gonna cheat a little bit and put some ah
good pick
that's awesome I know just cut an X in
it it'll come out I was just gonna pop
it out sit in there yeah all the way
it's like 9 inches perfect we go holy
crap
do we crack the whole tree do we crack
the whole thing the whole thing's
cracked you setting the timer
dude I'm setting the timer we'll see how
quick the cops get here you really think
they'll go oh yeah I said 30 minutes
we'll check the clock later but 30
minutes we get a helicopter ready yep oh
my god oh yeah I start to get nervous we
don't get this thing down oh my god look
look at this that just blew off that
tree holy caption pick it up tell me how
much it weighs ah doesn't weigh a lot
Jesus Christ oh no dude what
are you kidding me yo you just blew your
whole back windshield huh and the front
I'm kidding oh my god
what what did it dude there was stuff
going everywhere we're looking to buy
all the glass out here I'm gonna get
like a shot bag or something shot back
my log to my poor boy dogs who actually
you're my witness who actually said why
don't you just move the man did wait I
thought I asked somebody to move the van
then I asked the van I say go ahead and
move it the tree one humans zero yo look
at this thing's hurtin though oh alright
guys so I've been given this a little
thought I don't know if tree removal is
actually for me I've seen other
companies remove trees and it was
actually completely opposite of how I
did so I'm not sure that I'm gonna
pursue this career but uh I definitely
had fun trying man hope you're having an
awesome day guys I'm gonna head home and
hang out with Britt and Kane see what
they're getting into probably probably
relaxing man Brad's been actually
getting nauseous at night and the
mornings and does just really starting
to hit her that she's having a baby man
when you find out you're having a baby
you know about it but it doesn't really
hit you yet like it takes time to
realize I'm having a baby I am bringing
a human onto this planet man it's crazy
man it really starts to hit you so
ah love you guys man thanks for being
here had a fun time day is burning it
gets dark so early it's a 5 o'clock 5
o'clock sun's already going down and I'm
going home so yeah I'm either gonna look
back at these videos 10 20 years from
now and be like man I did a lot of dumb
things or I'm gonna look back and like
man I did a lot of things like I can't I
can't figure out my mind right now how
I'm gonna imagine watching these vlogs
in the future like for me right now I'm
like I'm just I'm just living life like
I'm doing things and I'm I guess I could
sit back not do any of this stuff and
you know probably be more bored I'm a
nancy guy like I like to move around
like to do things I if I sit still for
long I I start freaking out a little bit
so I actually don't even normal talking
about ready I'm pulling in the same time
my brother's pulling in oh my gosh can't
even see in the building industry
fantastic dance but it's not operate yet
uh are these it yeah I'm loving and that
nice is it comfortable
oh it's really comfortable it's really
soft oh it is soft feels it almost feels
like a feel that it's like nice oh this
really nice chain you snip snip snip it
looks best on me really access my
shoulder you know I thought it would
actually oh those are cool oh I like
that way more than what these are cool
did you do that purple just for just hey
you little hooligan hey a little
hooligans what's up buddy what are you
driving a car came home to a big pot of
boiling homemade chili from Britney
topical saved us hop it off
did you get the door handle upstairs oh
I'm here Dale
the handyman dude check out pit stains
that's my shirt check it out that is the
greatest thing I've ever seen
oh my god somebody is a jig head that is
amazing I've been saving this shirt for
weeks to pull this it's got a fake sweat
stains got the chest sweat stain Oh in
the pits is that what you say yeah that
is so funny
does they have a butt crack in the back
no I know you do that's no Dale's here
baby I'm here nails here there's enough
there's another man here a future this
may look like Romans drew but it's not I
brought it lies just kidding it's yours
the battery's dead look that's how you
know cuz I use it I work ha ha flush get
up here
flash flush run treat room boy Oh give
him the deer antlers he likes it
give him the doggy bone he likes them ok
ok so Birds been trying to put this
handle on here but this doesn't line up
with this and the hole needs to come
down man this is just easy stuff like I
could do it like if you want me to do it
maybe I will
so our ball pit rooms turning like this
arts and crafts crazy room dude imagine
if the dog gets in here Roman that's
right knew it a litter room just full of
glitter 8 inches of glitter the mat we
should only need like 2/3 semi truck ah
it comes with like it comes with this
thing that goes over this so you get the
perfect like science it's all ready to
go so it sounds like a doctor records I
hope technical technical terms and
things like that I can dude I can do
door handle hmm I can't I can't
I'm just saying try maybe I just don't
want to show up my brother like I want
him to have this Brittany just made me
the biggest bull this thing weighs 10
pounds so she blends all these fruits up
and then she pours granola and all these
fruits on top of it and coconut shavings
you know I love coconut
alright guys thanks for hanging out with
us today it's actually current day I um
didn't vlog last night I didn't we ended
up hanging out playing some games and
just uh just doing the family stuff and
dog was awesome
flashy toy what's up baby what's up big
dog this dog man I see you thank you so
much for being here thank you for once
again blowing past ten million
subscribers I'm still like I look at the
number I'm like wait did that really
really happen like it really doesn't
feel like it's it's it's happened thank
you for everything keep moving forward
push through all the negative problems
you're dealing with I know we all have
so many the positive always outweighs
that think positive be have you put a
smile on your face I love you your
beautiful smile
you
