hey guys welcome to the vlog another
sunny ridiculously beautiful day here in
Ohio I'm going out to get prepared early
for Thanksgiving because once a year the
Atwood boys all the outward guys my
uncle's my cousin's my brother myself we
try to get together and have a vicious
competition as skeet shooting clay
pigeons whenever you call on the discs
that you shoot into the air and then you
shoot them and they explode not actually
sure if I've ever vlogged it or usually
I just can't get up in the morning
because it is early morning by time I
edit the vlogs I'm like so this year my
plan is to be there and conquer I've
never actually been competitive of
anything if I lose I lose if I win I win
it's really just for fun into you know
my way to hang out with families all
it's about so I'm going to get some
rounds and things that I need nothing
really special here but welcome to the
vlog hope you're having a great day a
perfect day just a wonderful day oh my
gosh what is this what hey have you seen
this oh look at that
one big box of shotgun shells I'm I need
to practice dude I am NOT like I don't
know much about shotguns and clays and
like how to hit actually probably suck
at it so what is really oh man wait you
guys see what I got look how random this
is a box of dynamite these are awesome
it's not actually dynamite they're fire
starters that you light and you can like
tear off pieces and it just starts it's
amazing oh my god that's ammo for
practice cuz I'm gonna be honest with
you everybody there's probably a lot
better than me I like right like I like
assault rifles and handguns I don't
really do shotguns so yeah it's gonna be
interesting
okay try to just walk past I just had a
kick out my mouth is like salivating try
to go in and out of there as quick as I
could got some cool stuff I will show
you and then Kane has been dying like
begging me to make this sample I'm just
gonna show you that to basically just
rushing home oh my god Charlotte made my
mouth just boom I'm legit funky today
like everything is funky like my the way
I'm talking everything's just all like I
feel weird I feel strange some days it's
so hard to explain like to you guys I'm
talking to you and I legit am but to me
I'm actually looking at a camera and it
just you know it messes with you
sometimes right the only thing I can the
only thing that I can think and hope is
that every vlogger out there has that
similar feeling that I have sometimes
it's like oh wow cuckoo cuckoo goofy and
goofy goofy goofy bird right now I'm a
goofy bird headed home to get some time
with Kane and Britt we're gonna make
something as easy that's good right
buddy you ready ready waiting I know
okay so we have actually done this in
the vlog in the past it's been a long
time Akeem has been just begging and
begging begging us for to do this all
day so here we are we're gonna do it
right now all you need is borax that's a
huge box of borax you need like this
much glue like Elmer's glue and food
coloring you guys can and should try to
make this it's a lot of fun and it lasts
a really long time yeah buddy
okay so one bottle of glue is what 4
ounces well these are 4 ounce bottles so
we're gonna do 4 different colors so 4
ounces per thing thing Ealing eating
half a cup of water little bit bit bit
bit that 1 teaspoon 1 teaspoon put it in
a separate Bowl yep water 1 cup of water
means disappear stir it until it
disappears not too much this stuff so
awesome wanna make like a
all of it and get in it like a whole
game then put your food coloring in here
this one yeah Oh like that okay that's
good yeah yeah it looks like rotten eggs
here what's it feel like gain slobber
it's not Zeus not and you know from
experience of um making this last time
someone had left it lay on like a
t-shirt and never came out uh it come
out very good angry did too much too
much of what we did exactly right we did
it right no we did it
what do you mean it's it's getting
they're having some technical
difficulties this is not how it's
supposed look this is like scrambled
eggs did you could legit cut this up put
it on a plane get someone to try to eat
scrambled eggs like leave that it's not
let's just look like did I would sit in
the library on my break and I just put
some of this in my hand
smeared around level it out and then you
just blow on it to let it dry you need a
little dry
kept old really still okay and let it
dry it takes a little while like when
still wet it's to bottle to 400 so eight
ounces yeah but it's it Ford in it that
one that recipe that I looked at did I
see two bottles of glue not one this one
works it's gonna be awesome plus you're
putting glitter in it which I've never
actually seen that we never done that
before
just taking way longer than I thought
Jeet the non-drive all the glue that
doesn't draw ever your blow-dryer shake
it up shake it up what's that cause
cheese
five of the bogart where would I be
Baba's blowjob or would I do looks like
princess Pooh
alright kind of mess it up it kind of
peeled off you want to peel it for me
alright do it yeah oh yeah so crazy
it's got my fingerprints in it my skin
print like a lizard that's what snake
does ah and I got I'll show you what I
got I promised I'd show them to so here
we go come on on top of each other go
good oh this is struggling zoos turn 6
in January 6 years old
that's the 25th and I'm not gonna lie
he's starting to struggle with things
getting up steps getting up like he's
just so daggone big we've been given
things for his joints and what is that
stuff called boron boron really good for
your dog's joints and human joints - all
right come check out what I got now this
is this is I'm gonna win I'm gonna win
just just because I'm kidding oh look at
dads ooh some flash will you guys stink
huh this is like it better shoot tennis
balls that's all I gotta say
finale dude flash flash you get that
crazy look in your eye stop flash stop
oh he's down for the count he's okay
all right all right take it easy sit sit
flash sit that's a good boy shake
nope shake shake shake
yeah he's not the brightest bulb in the
pack what'd you get huh
I got huh skeet shooting um skeet
shooting I've always caught a clay
pigeons clay pigeons that's what we've
always called it judas dog loves my
camera tonight dude look at this look
it's all it is carbon fiber it is it is
all carbon fiber pick this thing up it
weighs nothing
12-gauge 12-gauge about two busts it's
very oil okay yep carbon fiber 12-gauge
that's solely is WikiWiki I got a very
very nice
12-gauge this is a really nice and
well-known gun for skeet shooting you
put you put these on the tip of the gun
this is uh basically it affects the way
the the shot comes out of the gun so you
have tighter groups and larger groups
and I know nothing about that so so
crazy yeah I jammed it are how cool is
that it's not jammed it just does have a
bullet in it whoa
what is that this is what you both are
you put the dart in and you blow dang
know that dang Daniel how's that for uh
why is it so long oh oh oh I can't even
get it all in the cabin shut down
dude this thing's mean man that's a mean
machine right there it looks mean look
at that that's cool huh yeah the carbon
fiber is legit oh I can huh girl once I
get my big belly I can run around with
it protect that baby that's what this is
this baby protector right here ain't no
pigeons getting near it
I sure a lot of you watching actually do
squishy it's a pretty popular sport
around here and I'm looking forward to
really giving it y'all hey little boy
I'm really looking forward to this I
think it'll be a fun it's always a fun
day because we're
family and Dottie Flash dude he just
steals all my leftovers all right little
Brit or we got going in the kit
um mushroom gravy pork chops noodles and
rain means Oh enrolls you know now that
I bought my own 12-gauge you got start
eating like a man you guys start
thinking like a man you know I'm a man
now I literally haven't cook this this
is my set mom's recipe it used to be one
of our favorite meals and I haven't
cooked it since before he was the
important yeah I remember the last time
you cooked nah
how's your food you little
jack-o'-lantern I need some teeth full
of it oh here's a little trivia question
for you if you're new to the channel how
did king lose his teeth how did Kane
lose those teeth thank you for dinner
then I was amazing amazed it looks Roth
like if you're going by visuals I'd be
like uh-uh
but it's good I got what I do that oh
your tooth back yeah what's the truth
that's what yes the truth is we just
watch two movies I didn't tell me
anything and that's our vlog for today
guys I like weird back here back here
look at me and my jug might might junk
do people do not normally people put
this stuff on the internet like what
they like do themselves up before they
post a couple million people that's a
blog for today guys I don't know what to
say man is a off day we're gonna
consider today an off day but still and
upload 15 arrow we're back on track
almost except for today oh oh thank you
we will see you guys tomorrow I'm doing
something ridiculous tomorrow you are
guaranteed a vlog and lest you know we
have a vlog and I'm gonna blog tomorrow
- oh you own we're gonna double double
vlog
Double Trouble okay I like that thank
you guys so much we will see you
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind
smiler
Chadd that camera
you
