welcome welcome welcome
is it welcome why does it sound so weird
right now welcome well welcome to the
vlog guys hope you're having a wonderful
day why am I going through all these
tunnels right now I have my dad
somewhere back here where the heck is he
my dad is literally supposed to be
following me in his Corvette like he
should be ahead of me right now where is
what I got a really cool day lined out
mainly just because I get to spend it
with my dad my dad and I have today
together and that's it's not crazy rare
but it is more rare because we're both
really busy with our careers and the
things that we do so it's just gonna be
amazing to get time with my dad today
one on one and I have something just
amazing for him and that's actually in
the bed of the truck right now it's not
gonna be quiet for long man this thing's
gonna be Rumble in I'd be awesome I love
the one on you GT Brian you guys might
recognize this place these are the guys
pick up fuss cars did my GTR exhaust and
I have exhaust from my dad's Corvette
today
just too darn quiet man army tricks hook
in the Corvette up this is the same
company that did my GTR and a lot like
my GTR they just come to quiets my dad
wanted some rumble in the jungle I think
you're gonna get it so you brought the
camera brought the cameraman thanks for
hooking us up again letting us come in
here we love your shot man how long do
you work on cars before you're
comfortable just walking under this
thing cuz I still I see you just go
right under it I'm like whoa how's that
man that looks pretty that looks like
it's from outer space out with the old
in with the new check out your remotes
this this exhaust is awesome because
it's got on and off switches so when mom
don't want it all loud you can kick it
off is that a bracelet yeah you wearing
armor as a belt buckle Marmot tricks are
mitrik maybe they should be making
bracelets man come on be exciting you
know what down can tell mama hey just
turn it off so our new hot competition
is the louder uh yeah that that one that
might get me that's gonna be that's
gonna be loud and it's gonna sound good
and deep we'll let your audit via Kusa
the louder not alright alright we have a
decibel reader you guys have a decibel
reader I gotta win something here I'm
movin on voice oh yeah you're probably
right
look how beautiful this Mach 1 is and
woo brand-new motor to put in that thing
so as we're getting started he's showing
us some of the toys he has just finished
this is a thousand horsepower Mustang
dude
Wow
you're blowing that you're going to see
a haunted but your stuff falling off the
ceiling remember that sound remember
that sound just like that very nice so
you've had the car for C August
September October November it Wow
already a couple what do you think of it
is you had time what do you think of the
car well this is this is what it really
is you ever seen the Hulk
I haven't any destroys everything he
wakes up naked the next day and he's
talking to his girlfriend and he says
what it feels good yeah he kinda
describe what it's like to be the Hulk
you know where she thought it would
probably be miserable and terrible but
it's not the car feels she loved it
yes it's unbelievable I actually never
owned anything fast in my life
yeah after you drive it awhile you get
it it's like man you can get around
people yeah yeah that's good now it's a
pretty big contrast from me installing a
toilet last night he went from
installing toilet last night to
installing new exhaust yeah you guys are
killing it yeah now YouTube does install
the toilet how does that I go to I go to
youtube forever you guys probably do too
whenever you have a problem you YouTube
it but I could learn everything from
alright a lot of plumbers get in their
Corvette the next day right Lots yeah I
know I bet I filled it today now I did
not YouTube how to do this or I probably
would have done this forum no way
no this is way above our league Atlee
this guy just so you know if I would
have personally bought this car it
wouldn't mean happens
since you bought it for me I thought
that you know since you bought it for me
I just trash it and everything well you
know you wait yeah you wouldn't you
don't pay for that Joe I know I get it I
get that and and maybe I've been a
little less than careful if I do if you
bought it yeah you probably be a little
more but not really like I like taking
care of it you know I I don't like it
all covered in dirt there we go because
it's a beautiful car I'm never taking
any pride in the car ever as you know
yeah I know I get it out when I got
serious things to do
I usually go to your house Hales not
sure that's true all right I'm gonna
have a confession that it's not a church
you haven't driven it there's nothing
humble about driving that car to church
oh it's a gift from your son I think
it's okay to drive to church not like
your showboat like let's check out my
bet I'm gonna have your ass I haven't
felt that promise yeah but I think
you're in perfect I think it's perfectly
okay rolling it together listen listen
so you're struggling you're in church
and some titles in in that bet how do
you feel I don't know I don't know but I
mean you're not like rubbing it in the
guy's face no I would never do that but
how does that make you feel no I get it
I get it you want it yeah I get it I get
it yeah maybe now some people live for
that feeling ha ha ha the guy got a bet
and you don't were not like that but
some people do live like the guy who
crashes on the way wish you'll hear it
pickups plus they get the job done
all right she's coming down you ready to
hear done set it up but it doesn't rain
ready to breathe we're gonna take these
off put some coffee cans on there sweet
Folgers yes and clothes pins and cards
on the spokes
thank you
how much it is right now it's louder
sure yeah it's loud buddy garage it's
echo II know it's louder than mine dude
it's got more than B yeah yeah mine's
got a different sound doesn't matter
until I win that's an opinion till I win
right that's what you maybe do on the
track that's true that's right we got to
take this beast around the around the
block right I'll follow you a little
nervous
don't be alright guys so we have pretty
much eaten our day it is starting to get
dark we're gonna run the event across
the street and just hear this thing
because from inside it sounds pretty
incredible it is so fun and it's such an
honor to be able to do very cool things
for my dad he's always done as much as
possible for me even when he was flat
broke he would do as much as he could
for me to have fun and is just to be
able to do cool things now is just it's
so rewarding to me so I hope he really
likes this exhaust and of course he
loves the car so
Wow it ain't it's mean machine
ironically the sounds in the rear yeah
it's loud really it's loud in here
honestly doesn't sound that different
than the last one so it's all outside
it's loud
alright man Carl thanks for having us
again and installing our stuff pickups
plus you guys have anything you need
done they do it they do raps that we
actually been talking about wrapping the
GTR and something funky I don't know I'm
gonna do it I know we should what what
color would we do the GTR we're gonna do
this one in like rust just a big
metallic gold to match good dude by the
way your lights are amazing he's got
lights under here
because it's dollars
alright brother
gotta go for the police gear and real
see man ha ha ha ok so now our goal is
ridiculous go we're gonna go see whose
car is louder I personally well I don't
know cuz I'm always in my car never
behind my car but I feel like my dad's
is louder plus he's got the v8 which
just comes out like a a more roar mine's
a totally different sound my car is
friggin loud like loud it sounds like it
I don't even know so we're gonna we're
gonna somehow I'm sure it'll just blow
the camera you guys won't even be able
to tell but we're gonna go try to see
whose cars louder I'm also gonna give a
huge shout out to army tricks they have
they have just hooked us up so much they
sent that exhaust to us they just sent
it to us we did not pay for the exhaust
and they haven't asked for shoutout but
I'm giving them one thank you to army
tricks you guys are amazing over there
check out their stuff I'll put their
link in the description and great
company and they've treated us amazing
even from back when I got my car so
thanks guys
guys hey what's a little monkey man oh I
still might on your shoe no I'm good
Oh baby hi baby hi baby lots of babies
in the house huh Zeus you guys having a
good night it's so much today we did a
leaf project leave stuff like you
painted leaves no I'm gonna go get him
the paper show me show me cuz some
lights on in this joint huh oh yeah wait
so how did you do this you late y'all
you lay the leaf down and yet huh you
laid the leaf under it and then okay
guys so my dad is not going to make it
over we're not gonna do the decimal test
tonight kind of bum but it'll be fun to
do later and I had to be honest I don't
even know if it'll actually work I don't
know how we would test somebody said
there's actually an app on the phone we
could try I don't know that all being
said we haven't done a livestream for a
couple weeks and I try to do one every
week this Saturday at 3 p.m. Eastern
Time we're going to do something
really fun that I've wanted to do for a
long time and at is tug of war now this
doesn't sound that exciting but we're
gonna do do what we're gonna do I I kind
of told you they're just playing video
games look at them dude did it video you
want super slow
help yourself flash okay don't take
Minnesota monkey we are doing humans
versed smart car if you've ever seen a
smart car it's the small car my dad has
had one forever and we've talked about
how many humans people it would take to
tug O'War versus smart car so how many
people will it take to hold a smart car
back sounds kind of crazy because it's
gonna be hilarious and I know it'll
probably be surprising like I bet it has
more strength than we think it does so
this Saturday 3:00 p.m. East Coast time
you guys know that I partnered up with
well I've got me to do fun live streams
and I have missed something you guys
have definitely let me know you like the
live stream so we're going to continue
this Saturday I'll put the link in the
top of the description for where you can
watch it really a hangout and I don't
even think of it as a live stream I
think of it as a raw vlog like just a
uncut vlog so that is it I don't think
I'm gonna vlog it this time because I'm
always distracted from one of the other
so I think you're only gonna be able to
see it on the live stream I love you
guys I'll put the link in the
description hit it let's have some fun
hang out Saturday and we're gonna call
it a day yeah we love you guys thank you
so much for hanging out today I had a
great day with my dad and you know a lot
of off-camera time with him but it was
just great and um I don't have to
explain you guys now I love you you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
