hey guys so Romans been super stressed
out he's trying to get the vlog up and
he's in his office like barricaded
himself and he's like don't come in just
leave me alone let me get this done so I
am going to take a bunch of our smile
more magnet and amongs GTR that is
stickers hi you wanna see it okay so
what I didn't realize is half of this
car is plastic look this whole box this
whole area flat the door is plastic this
part up here plastic half of the cars
plastic I just have to do the places
that aren't plastic okay really wanted
to fill his car but it's all now on it
just I guess that'll have to do okay man
what do you think okay
honey
Why What I'm just several emails email
time I got the blog down now so I'm just
yeah just the fun stuff you know why
watch me okay what's up um I got
something for you
surprise I don't know if that's a good
thing or not is it a good thing flash
flash is long you come in here recording
I'm not like excited about it why are
you recording
you never record come on let's just go
look in the garage it's in the garage
but you clean the garage that would be
that would be used my flash nope didn't
bring the garage don't even want to go
out here I feel like this is something a
pop or blog yeah come out nothing's
gonna heat oh my god stick what is that
that is illegal I'm gonna be scratched
it
they're just magnets why don't you do
the doors because it's plastic the doors
not last name yes the doors plastic yeah
okay
yeah that would have been way better you
showed on stickers then you really would
kill me
get her flash get her get her flash
don't cuddle with her I said eater no
dinner
I'm not mad little scratch right just a
magnet right that's shiny that's silky
baby that's silky what if I actually got
my car wrapped and smile more like a
smile more wrap it is it like you're so
silly like you're actually silly it's so
silly yes I think it's silly cuz if I
did this to you it would be like how
many stickers that are like hard to get
off this is just like don't now come off
my scratch actually like that you did
something today to me though like we
haven't we haven't messed with each
other for a while always mess with me I
mess with you but you don't always mess
with me
Dawkins of the Lord's guys I guess this
is how we're starting today Brittany uh
Magna did it it is in my car because
nice she is she's actually taking an
imam all right so now I have something
that I want to do today what's up Sierra
Sierra's here my friend Jeff is coming
over tonight and while we wait on him
we're gonna go do something I want to do
call me I was digging through a whole
bunch of stuff last night and I found my
old Sony which does pretty decent slow
motion for a handycam like a small
camera so I wanted to take out the new
semi-auto shotgun 12-gauge
I got dragon's breath I got regular
shells gonna do a little slow-motion
shooting so yeah let's do it
so it's actually been raining for like
almost two days straight and it stopped
raining so this is the perfect time to
test this out our dirt our dirt Hills a
nice mud hill right now maybe just
shooting the muddled look cool like just
big old boot splatter all right Jackie
it's not it not a sawed-off at all you
want to go first yeah okay it's just
like an aku pull back let go and you're
on oh I can't get it you got to really
pull it back three two one
the shell didn't come out though oh we
have to step it up a notch that's not
enough it's not enough and the shell
keeps getting jammed I've got some oil
that I'm gonna use and we're gonna hit
that mud puddle yeah give me that gun
Lou girl that's a lot of Lube unnie what
it's done you didn't hit the water how
did you miss three two one
alright those are pretty cool honestly
but I got these dragon's breath we got
to try out you should just shoot all
them bottles you got it for my handgun
haha
you probably miss anyway don't worry
about it you can bottles baby shooting
bottles except no idea what to expect so
uh uh ok Anshu listen three two one
whoo that was cool
by the way you hit one cone
you guys remember when I was going to do
the drone video I was gonna shoot the
drone with one of those in a went all
the way from my back porch into these
woods and I freaked out it was dry out
it's so wet and muddy out now perfect
time for it alright we warp in through
my buddy Jeff's here what's up dude look
what's that wait mr. stubby toes you do
I was throwing the football from Joe
Montaigne ya know and then just hit the
top of it and just the tip of the
fingers hanging - do I call it mallet
finger apparently mallet I love all
these names boxer fracture mallet finger
you got a man gotta back into mallet if
the name came from a mallet Gallagher
did it
yes master hey blue keep up so it's on
some steaks on about to eat pretty
decent tonight
hey little frog man first steak is
served medium rare just you're like is
that look good is that it looks
fantastic thank you oh man we got sauce
a 1 Shire shire there's nobody knows
that's they washed a shot horse - sure
worse this year are you eating you're
not eating ok ok oh my gosh mac and
cheese alright see we've got a beautiful
medium steak right here for you anything
else I can help you guys with can I get
you anything to drink while you wait
I'll take a shower awesome broccoli some
uh some mac and cheese and are you
waiting for your steak little buddy what
busted
mac and cheese write it down sound the
alarms
it is worth it here we are ladies and
gentlemen they've had a little steak
their little hyped up they're ready to
fight show em who's boss Zeus Shawn
who's boss but just never stop this
never starts it flash starts it
we are officially goofing off it's kind
of turned into a game night and I'm
completely addicted to this game I
cannot stop playing it Noah brought his
laptop down for us let's see it Kim you
got to get to the base Cain you got to
get there now
come on oh you didn't go to right way to
live in the beta in the membrane debate
run the brakes are out
I can't stop I got all the ammunition
back here what'd I do help you learn a
minute just call somebody
Oh maybe maybe I made one wrong turn I'm
out in the middle of the desert I've no
idea how to get home except oh oh oh but
I'll be there I'll be there when I get
there maybe I love you call me back no
just call me back
honey what are you doing I'm just trying
to get home imma come in for landing I
okay we go just a little a little light
landing oh I just lost throttle hahaha
Oh coming home tonight
maybe you just want to take your home
buddy just but don't let go the control
is not good it's not good oh well I want
to see it I want to see it because I've
been trying this but I get there's no
way you're gonna make you're gonna blow
your wheels at the bottom no one I've
done it twice nope
oh she's off oh my gosh how do you do
that you don't eat gas you just go down
the hill you cleared it you cleared it I
get yeah you did right here
let's payback for yesterday that's what
you get mom oh my god guys you're not
even gonna believe this it's been
raining all night I left my Sony camera
out here I think I don't know we're
about to find out how waterproof this
thing is man I feels like such an idiot
guys I am warping into the night I'm
gonna edit this vlog tonight so I have a
final finally a fresh start tomorrow
I've been editing vlogs either in the
morning or I've been ending the vlogs on
the current day so I'm today it's
tonight I'm gonna do this tonight want
you guys to focus on positivity today
man tonight tomorrow whatever whatever
time it is for you right now I need you
to focus on positivity man I know it's
hard there's so many things weighing us
down every day there's so much more
negative surrounding us that it's so
easy to fall into that negative world
and just embrace it and be it as soon as
you can start being positive and you can
start turning all your negative problems
into motivation life just becomes so
much fun or guys it is more fun sorry I
say fun are a lot I do I like the word
funner it's not even a word I guess all
I'm saying is you can do it and you will
do it turn your problems don't even call
them problems call them lessons these
are lessons we need problems problems
are good to change us into the better
versions who we are right now without
our problems guys and I say this all the
time and I mean it with all my heart
without our problems we don't learn
these problems are what's teaching us to
become the better person the better
version of us we need these problems
don't think of those problems think of
these as learning tools these are
lessons man we need lessons we don't we
don't learn easily like we are we're
stubborn people people are stubborn but
with a good problem and you'll learn
real quick stay positive stay focused do
what you want to do be you love you guys
you are beautiful you're one of a kind
don't let nobody tell you differently no
matter what at the end of the day you
got at least one guy rooting for you
that's me I love you you are beautiful
you are one-of-a-kind
smile more yeah get that neo juice were
putting you under surgery okay you're
going under surgery doesn't seem to mind
too much but last night he was
definitely feeling it and uh we've had
it wrapped and we've kept like basically
like a neosporin or some type of like
healing aid on it that's a good boy good
boys these country dogs man they play
hard
