welcome to the vlog guys we uh I don't
actually know how to explain this how do
I say it I don't show we got a gift from
a couple friends for hitting ten million
subscribers and we actually can't accept
the gift yet
so we're getting things prepared to get
the gift and this is really complicated
I'm trying but it might be a month or so
so Britney is actually gonna take you
along today on a little journey of our
new gift thanks everybody give briston
love she's gonna take the camera for a
little while today yes she's gonna vlog
it out she's gonna do great I know
everybody loves you so well yeah how
about it enjoy it thanks honey do you
know what this gift entails a lot of
work a lot of work there's gonna be some
pushing and shoving right now might need
your help
yeah um uh what's up donkey hey I can't
even believe my eyes so the first step
is going to the vet
you gotta get vaccines and all that good
really he can't just be a wild donkey
grazing on the land he's gonna be with
other donkeys so for him not to get the
other donkey sick you and make sure he's
healthy how do you get donkey into the
trailer not Ross that's gonna be rough
he's the one Roman was the one that I
was like well he can go to the barn
where reporter are their horse and he's
like well it wouldn't take long for us
to like build a little runnin or
something for you to go out that I want
a donkey I want a donkey free ever
somebody keepin since I saw Shrek now we
just need a big ogre if we keep him can
we at least have one or two horses to go
wrong with one or two horses a whole
nother world that's like uh not early
you're editing yesterday's vlog yeah
still okay I love you I love you you're
the best I'm gonna go take care of our
new baby
hey we just got to the bat oh that's not
the right door we just got to do that oh
you turned around on me mehmed's
he's really sweet hey he's got a nice
person
mister yeah and that's one thing else
he's gonna shot you really are you work
on is this the best donkey you've ever
had
oh he's pretty good him didn't really
even care what I'm doing okay we're just
leaving the vet um that said everything
looks good he looks healthy game of
shots vaccines and we are off to the
barn we are gonna make a quick pit stop
and get some like new brushes stuff to
give him a bath he really needs a bath
he's dirty boy uh yeah so let's go get
him some new stuff yeah these are for
horses what maybe a little big for him
maybe hearing small hole I'm not sure
and I know I don't know if I should get
an actual new lead rope I think Dale
might kill me I know he does a lot of
the horse ropes too these might be too
big oh how about one of these hey can I
get one of these learn how to be a cover
girl for me no but I am a cowgirl okay
this is sighs see does it work like
brawls I mean that looks small is a see
small yeah oh wait it's a club
I'll call 300 pounds let's get him some
new shoes get him some new shoes we're
gonna get him some treats oh and we go
over he comes to us and loves us do you
think rubbing her like these he's such a
fan of camel I'm being so sarcastic
right now being used
Kimmo down from head to toe not realtree
camo just regular cameras fine
I had these sweatpants um when we got
together there sorry they were kind of
like this but they were really big and
baggy and one day they just disappeared
he threw him away he threw them away a
hundred percent he hated them they were
the most comfortable thing I had
I'm missing I'm gonna see if I can find
a new pair you other farm animals look
at you so it's too cold for a bath right
I personally think so like warm water
would be fine but then we got to mix
reason cooler and keep him inside wait
for him to dry mmm should we order for
him like Gagan blanket and we got a
measuring all he cares about is eating
this grass he's so like come for doc
donkeys usually have the reputation of
not being calm yeah so he has a good
personality so hopefully he stays like
that it's really hard all there's rocks
in there cowgirl 101 it's really packed
in there they're like a loose adorable
oh is it
some conditioner on that put your thumb
underneath okay so we're trying to move
the donkey to where he's gonna be
staying for now and we're having a hard
time moving him he does not want to
since a stay and eat grass yeah the blue
looks nice on him so he definitely need
some training especially if the kids
want to haul him around and stuff
Brittany what no where'd your donkey he
just took off I was like running with
him we didn't get it he just takes off I
I almost like he almost had me dragging
I had to let go of him stop so we
finally got the donkey in his little
area he's only gonna be here maybe a
month until we can get something put up
at our house to where we can bring him
home but should be amazing he'll get hay
and some grain that's what he's used to
wait think baby I did have to give him
some i some I ain't meant for his is I
get like clogged ducts kind of like
almost like probably for some sinus
infection um I'll get me mr. grass I
mean is Alicia's my baby Tess is gonna
take good care of you mommy's gonna get
you a home okay mommy we'll come back
and pick you up I promise obviously I'm
gonna be back here to visit him really
soon um probably tomorrow and I guess
just work on talking to Roman about what
we want to get it our house for him but
he's gonna be an awesome care they have
a huge farm they already have two
donkeys here so they're used to taking
care of donkeys he's gonna be loved and
everything so well Fintan so yeah we're
just gonna go home let's go home and see
what Roman and the kids are doing and
we're gonna have to come back and see
donkey tomorrow I think so I got home
keen isn't feeling very good oh look at
the little cub oh hi flashy are you guys
cuddle buddies
mmm-hmm are you guys all that is so cute
oh I have a weird feeling that Flash's
mad at me because I got this donkey he's
been just like straight ignoring me and
usually he like follows me around all
day like doesn't leave my side he just
didn't just like look at him he's like I
have my new but best friend now came why
don't you just fall asleep right there
so Roman's I'll get some stuff done and
I have the girls what are you laugh-in I
am Bert they're going to help me shampoo
the carpet upstairs because flash out a
few lull too many accidents up there so
we're going to shampoo the carpet so
real-life guys you gotta keep your
carpet clean I see a couple stains down
here to mask the spot clean are you
gonna help us Oh big no from Cannes if
you guys were wondering we did do the
invisible fence for flash and it's
amazing literally change this dog's
entire life any time I would let him out
he would try and jump a fence go
anywhere and now he just stays right in
our yard and is an amazing dog he's like
yeah you're talking about me like what
is she doing nice socks see the upstairs
isn't as bad as it usually is if he
hasn't seen it before it's usually way
worse than this our guest bedroom is a
little trashed right now it was because
the last time we shampooed the carpets
we put everything in there so this
carpet was just clean not that long ago
it's not as bad now yeah it's bad
flash came up here
got this shampooer just supposed to be
one of the really good ones and we're
going to try and get the stupid stain
out of the carpet this carpet upstairs
is still pretty new I would say carpet
in the living room could be replaced but
how to clean it and make it work
and this is what moms do on their free
time
hate on it a whole carpet this was my
softball a scrapbook page oh yeah I've
been number two always the number one in
my heart
look at my own oh ah oh my gosh not love
you guys I've seen these before this was
like one of
romanized first pictures together is
this one there's little no one
background Romans long hair that was on
the first vacation we all went on
together there's a young age he's
getting gray on us and this was the
month I was due my belly Noah Holden
Cain's little shirt an old picture baby
Zeus oh there's my nephew's no holding
Kane oh oh that's Cain's first time with
Santa look at his little shoes this is
really making me like want my pregnancy
to go faster oh I hate seeing baby
pictures it's grow up so fast oh look
who that is with his big fish he
literally he literally doesn't even look
any older this is me as a little baby
and my sister and my mom and my dad oh
are you Cain's a little protector today
huh you haven't left his side you've
been a good boy flashing you've been a
good boy lately you gotta go out huh oh
that's a good boy
I found this
Zuse today he didn't have any gray hair
no I bet there's pictures of me like
that too okay guys I think this is the
longest I've ever not been in my own
vlog today how was it how'd you do how's
the donkey
I don't know haven't seen the footage
yet it's weird because I'll actually
edit this vlog so by the time we're at
this point of editing I will have seen
it but as of now I have not
donkeys good donkeys donkey um his
name's empire empire it's a crazy story
but two guys got us a donkey and now I
you know he's at the barn we're gonna
try to build a little something of our
own donkey that donkey here and they
named him Empire and they said that way
it would be Romans Empire you're gonna
end up being mommies hi I'm Betty ones
daddy Tuco do you want daddy to cuddle
mmm
where's my hug so guys that is the vlog
today huge huge shout out to this crazy
little girl that'd be nice little switch
up we'll switch things I'll hold this
thing everyday maybe you guys would
enjoy a little more a little more brick
cam time yeah I got a lot done - it had
to be done guys
working on so many awesome things just
to keep this channel rolling so smoothly
and big number one priority is always
family and positivity and then we like
to mix up the big activity so we're
working on a lot of that stuff for you
guys today and that's a lot of what I
was doing today and you know how I am
always do a lot behind the scenes and
then just one day it happens and you're
like what so yeah thank you
shout out to Britt thumbs up for this
girl and we will see you guys tomorrow
for our eighth year anniversary eight
years you've been stuck with me yeah
maybe it knows 80s
I don't think we'll make a date I won't
we love you guys thanks for sticking
around we will see you tomorrow you were
beautiful you were one of a kind smile
more
Oh
you
