are you ready for the greatest vlog you
have ever seen in all of YouTube are you
ready for this hi that's not gonna
happen today guys in fact I wasn't gonna
upload this vlog I'm actually coming on
here to give you a heads up I really
wasn't going to upload today and then I
just realized that you know what not
every day can be exciting for us just
people were just humans and that is life
like some days are fun some days aren't
today is that day so this is actually
more of a disclaimer to what's about to
come thank you guys for watching and
enjoy whatever this is ah this is our
day
I got is mine say hi to the camera
see you later alligators
I'll be back okay I'll be back I'll be
back ah monster hang on before I go
before I go ready let's see how far I
can make it turn tintin tintin uh oh my
gosh
almost made it I love you guys I'll see
you soon my lights camera action
just kidding hope you're having an
awesome day I can make pretty mad
alright guys so here we are which would
normally be a very exciting time because
Brittany and I have no children right
now we are kid free you know no
something else what I have your socks on
you're one of my saw it was really funny
so here we are kid free and we cannot
think of a single thing to do we had
some plans and they kind of fallen
through and I don't know we're just hey
what's up
where's open is it yeah I got this I got
this maybe I got this I can do what
multitask so here we are
like I said kid free it is not that
early we're getting a late friggin start
Brittany work smile more all day
I edited yesterday's vlog today which
ate up most of my day so here we are
starting fresh and now we don't know
what to do I know he did let's just go
get a hotel room watch movies and sounds
like let's
let's just pull him on the side of the
road and sleep I need to get my toes
done did your toes Donna sounds terrible
so as of right now we have nothing to do
and we have nowhere to go it's like a
weird shopping it's you could buy your
own socks if we wish ha ha ha
small more like the angles like up here
there you go we could go your coffee
often expressed Chinese we go get auto
parts home improvement home improvement
we need home um guys we're being totally
honest with you we have nothing to do
usually it's like all right we're gonna
do this we're gonna do that oh you know
blah blah blah now nope nothing we have
nothing like the only thing we can
obviously think of is we're hungry we
need to eat Wow so excited I'm hungry
I'm hungry too but ah smoky bones no
it's the diarrhea oh we love you guys
man you know it's always part of my
brain my problem is I'm always actually
trying to entertain you and that's
that's where like raw vlogging gets in
the way because I like cutting so it's
more exciting rather than just rolling
this camera you guys are like what is
Britney's been wanted to a giveaway for
a while so maybe we could get something
for a giveaway but we have so much like
a giveaway
have to buy anything you have something
that's like the thing no one wants our
crappy use of stuff you surprised I mean
there's some cool stuff that we have
that we can get away all right so we're
gonna do stupid boring human things like
eat eat they eaten out for a long time
to be honest we haven't I haven't for a
long time I've done good and you really
want to wreck it right now you want to
injure Street your winning streak no I
want treat myself we were eating at a
place that we have never I've never been
you come with Jeff Dale's wife and it's
it's like a winery place which I don't
drink wine at all no one think it's the
most disgusting drink Brittney
absolutely loves it drinks it by the
bottles i am i cannot do wine so I got a
pina colada
we have a pi√±a colada tell you
something totally totally off the grid
usually I only have that when I'm like
on an island when I got to be in sure
like I'm feeling I'm feeling tropical
tonight
summer's over the trees are changing
colors there was actually Leafs coming
across the freeway so it's like I'm over
for hop fun this summer I'm excited for
fall live Falls my favorite Falls the
best here but winter is going to be fun
blogs crazy as long as we get snow as
long as we get snow cold blood it's
gonna be a serious food blog this is a
pretzel bread like it's a pretzel right
oh my yeah looks like something would
suck on your face oh my god I'm not even
gonna eat that you're like walking
rafi waffle in my face
moving on to that main course we got
flaming yawns what is this that's like
an entire tree I know what it is I'm
like it's huge
this Wow if we don't do anything
exciting today at least we get to hang
out just walk around eat a bunch of food
nothing exciting but time time is
valuable man the only thing more evil
than money is time it's like eating us
alive ha ha
we will now attempt the impossible the
perfect couples photo are you ready are
you ready for this challenge
that's it the doclet you're on dark I
don't know about that
all caught on camera
a little blurry
I wish you try to catch and
that's right it's tricky
Oh all night I know it doesn't look like
it on camera but all night it's been
looking like you have no pants on what
this does skintone yeah like that and I
just not that close on camera but when
she's like in a distance I was like
family if you came down okay
ready buff it down oh and there you have
it that's our vlog that that's really
our vlog for the day guys and like I
said the only reason I actually uploaded
today is because not only have we been
on a streak I think this is like 12 days
and for me lately
that's a lot like I have come for like I
used to never miss a day I did like 500
some days in a row without missing today
and to me that was huge it was in
looking back I'm like how did I ever do
that now I'm lucky to make it a week
without missing a day I've actually
missed a couple days in a week lately so
to keep going and doing 12 in a row I'm
excited to just get back on track even
if some are boring not as exciting I
know you guys appreciate the uploads and
uh my flash hi buddy how are you come
join the party
probably gonna get a lot of crap today
for having a short boring vlog so if you
could throw that thumbs up button for
keep me going for another day freakin
love you guys man honestly you're
everything to us we will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
tell me what you thought of this vlog
we'll see you tomorrow smile more
beautiful we're going in
nobody's coming out
