welcome to the vlog guys I have this
pumpkin from Halloween from all of
October left just sitting here doing
nothing yeah I got you I mean it's past
its time it lived a good life
hope you're having such a good day we
are gonna get rid of this pumpkin right
now it's November
time to bring in the turkeys yeah how
about some dual Glocks with 30 round
mags be really bummed if I shoot you
guys the camera is covered what do you
have it as your pumpkin due next year
you have a bunch of pumpkins go on there
pumpkin splattered all over the table
all the way back here it's behind the
table lay the holes Noah look at that
that's from the AR that's one way to
start the day right there let's uh let's
continue that's what we just did it's a
beautiful day guys the countdown
continues before the snow comes and this
is all behind us hope you're having an
awesome weekend we are kind of just
getting our start a little late today
but we're gonna get something fun right
or we're going to look for something fun
mm-hmm
yeah what is it tell him getting a
trampoline maybe maybe only if you can
do 25 push-ups 25 push-ups can you do it
yeah one two three pause give me along
25 are you counting seven eight what are
you gonna do fit on the trampoline oh
damn
11 to 12 what you didn't do one 13 you
just got a phone you don't need another
phone dude
14 15 nicely you want sleep here tonight
sleep in the store we've come to the
store today to try to find our
trampoline like a full-size trampoline
now we have one down in the basement but
we lay out half and we don't have a net
we want a net to do some fun thanks is
worth around 17 18 19 20 do it finish it
23 honey honey
bah that's it no job dude I couldn't
even do that yes oh my god you see one
that 15-footer baking film through my
nose it just looks like Mars is
literally right in it it works
we looked out we loved out we got the
very last one in very last one yeah
very last one story you know why cuz you
did them push-ups we need to train dude
we got we got it we got it
we gotta start trying to do 25 there
should be nothing you broke it up in
like a hundred pieces I honestly
believed I could not do 25 push-ups
right now I might get 20 maybe I know I
could get 10 I'm just gonna say this
right now thank you thank you thank you
so much we are so Noah we are so close
to 10 million dude do you have any idea
how close we actually are I can taste it
I can taste the way you can taste that
KitKat I truly oh all to you guys you
know that we have absolutely nothing
without you thank you for pushing us to
ten nine thank you for subscribing to
this channel crazy thing is we actually
get more views from unsubscribers than
subscribers it's so weird people that
aren't subscribed watch us daily but
they don't hit the subscribe button
maybe they're too young or don't have an
account or I don't know what it is but
if you watch us every day and you can
subscribe please hit that button it
helps us out so much hit that 10 million
mark man other than that we're headed on
we're gonna try it it's getting so cold
out and we're doing all we're doing all
this stuff that requires it's not warm
dude it's 50 it is with wind it's like
minus a thousand
take my jacket off that's Ohio again oh
just so hot out well it's just so hot I
wouldn't you just put a swimsuit on
getting back home we're gonna try
attempt to build these tonight which I
don't know maybe darkness what I can't
get over how silent it is it is quiet
wow we're silence outside geez there's
some kind of crazy dog out there look
his ooze he moves the curtain just to
see us Oh Zeus Oh speak the devil
there's flash oh this is aam be zombie
zombie and mommy oh okay all right
what do you guys have every let off Oh
like a virus I need it I knew it all
this time look at our subs whoo oh we
just lost two where are you guys going
come back there they are now they came
back the subscribers are climbing guys I
just can't believe how close forgetting
it's unbelievable thank you guys so
frigging much we're gonna be at ten
million before we know it
yep any idea how much 10 million is no
thanks huge are you guys ready ready
ready here we go get ready for action
action satisfaction
whoa go get him
all that is awesome dude he's flying so
good is that an army guy huh
go go go Oh how did you miss it it's
huge that is not well I guess yeah I
guess it is yeah waxey that's the huge
guy Kane put him on your desk
he is pretty good he came from the sky
dude you're bigger Parrish you is jump
off on the couch yeah do it prove it
you and the baby fly oh of course of
course flush now it is he knows Oh knock
you out
hmm that'd make cool to light like 20 of
those we just have a whole sky
parachuters I have never built a
trampoline it comes in two boxes have
you seen that nearly just one big one
yeah oh yeah maybe it's just a new good
job all right
me and mommy will be inside let us know
when you need help carefully
instructions
don't you want you crack that open
target how you feeling dude all right
awesome
I'll be carried over here build this
trip laying in the smoke in the trenches
whoa you be good mosquito repellent oh
man I should be inhaling that it's it's
just uh you know fireworks smoke baby
you can't hardly see it on camera it's
so smoky all right little trampolines
coming together
gimme dem Springs boys one more one more
woman
oh no wake up oh my god there's been 12
hours I can't figure how to build this
trampoline okay press you gotta finish
the trampoline dude come here give me
your bone give it kill me everyone
so many pieces left we need to sleep
thank you
should you tell him or should I what
it's actually tomorrow we didn't make it
much further than you seen last night uh
we did make it far and then this become
frost this was ice you could write your
name in it and that's when I called and
said let's come out finish it in the
morning and this is all we got left we
got basically just this net to put up
and however you do that can't even see
the smoke huh there you go at least
working when it's cold outside now that
all the dog poop is frozen like a brick
get him Kane get him run straight run
straight at him and up get up get up yet
huh the trampoline is complete I'm proud
of you thank you you put the net on 14
hours 14 hours worth of work nyan though
I'm surprised you actually right now
first I did it right maybe I only build
things right guys thank you so much for
watching today this is us coming to you
as a family saying thank you for
absolutely everything out the real
question that we're all asking ourselves
today is can we do it can we hit 10
million subscribers today I'm not gonna
lie it's catching us off guard the
numbers are insane and uh woo thank you
for everything we love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more gains gonna master the front flip
now yeah it's not gonna take long with
your help
what the heck whoa
