honey I did it I'm done we're yeah I did
it
I built it yeah you didn't think I was a
builder but I built it I built the kids
I built the kids a playground like a
legit playground I built it myself I
don't know it's sick come on I did it
come on you gotta see it I'm gonna take
you uh you know I don't want to just
make up a number but it took me a long
time like this is effort this is a hard
work okay it's like what I do with my my
times I you know um skeptical check this
out
kids need something to play on so I
built that yeah look at them happy kids
right there baby
I built that I did that for us baby
that's right that's for us that's a new
babysitter having fun welcome to the
vlog guys hope you're having an awesome
day Zhu Square come on come here I got
something for you come here check this
out
what'd you think of that I said that's
the dirt Hill right there
what do you mean what do you mean angled
it different so what we got here is the
dirt Hill guys it looks small on camera
but this seems like 200 300 feet tall
when you say you guys got harnesses on
and ropes right yeah reason wow so Vegas
cuz we're super far away in the cam a
super-fun cane nice pants do mommy's
gonna love those alright so what is this
actually this is you guys know I go to
the shooting range a lot indoors but in
the state of Ohio all you have to do is
have a dirt mound in your backyard at
least where we live out in the country
to shoot properly at your own house so I
just built my own gun range
I brought my Red Rider BB gun team's
gonna be good I'm not gonna lie I'm
getting good with the Bobcat guys I
really am I'm actually getting use out
of it I'm gonna do the ramps next that's
my next goal but for now we're gonna
hang a bunch of targets and build this
up and I'm probably gonna build this up
even higher
no eat a worm we'll give you ten dollars
ten bucks is grub fair girl give you 20
to eat that grub worm 20 bucks cash it's
it's protein it's healthy 20 bucks
there you a knight 20 bucks $20 Conrad I
see you everybody's eating one worm in
their lap no I haven't just about having
fun guys but letting the kids playing
get out you know I see a lot of parents
like my kids are so hyper my kid you
gotta wear them out like that's the
honest truth man you gotta wear your
kids out and this is I mean this is a
good start when are you gonna tell him
if the Bobcat actually broke down on a
hand shovel does I'm sure everybody
already thinks you built this fun fact
for you today we were I was curious to
how much this thing weighed they'll
found the sticker it weighs six tons
12,000 pounds amazing Marv doesn't just
sink through the earth yeah
and then the tire somehow still burn out
I still peel even with that much weight
you can still peel the wheel so now that
we know the weight a new series for your
channel is what will it crush what will
it corrupt let's get it going bring your
truck over it's in for an oil tank you
guys watch yesterday's vlog Dale torched
80 pounds of popcorn and you can see
some actually did open up
wow it's untouched on me upset about
this it was a good try you know what we
had that there just weren't enough heat
like not even close to enough heat we're
not done with this idea I really think
we could can it put it over a bonfire
and make like popcorn over fire no it's
not hot but it's greasy oily it's nasty
heaven oil aah sale 20 bucks if you eat
a handful I'm just kidding a really long
time ago a fan made me this shooting
target out of I mean he welded it's just
a big old steel plate I'm finally gonna
set it up we're gonna shoot that thing
today I got some gun games for Dale and
I actually whoever wants to play today
we have never played any of these but
they're shooting games and basically you
play here's a five-card poker five-card
poker you take your 5 shots at your best
hand basically
love this so for now we don't have any
metal stands or anything so dales
rigging up like he does best rigging up
a way to hold up our pictures or signs
or clothesline the kids accidentally I'm
convinced you could build anything with
rope and sticks to it like you are like
just to hang to pictures you've crafted
up an entire crazy and it was a guitar
to do Youngjae knew him
he's got Souza's ball I can tell
somebody has his ball uh Zeus I know
ha ha ha ha so look these are awesome
the targets bottle targets look look
look look good that's cool a little dirt
shelf pick your weapon a choice Smith &
Wesson none of the Glock 19 alright
gonna it's up to you or we can actually
use the same gun that would make things
fair alright we got two games we're
gonna test out once a card game this is
five-card poker which means you shoot
for the best the best hand this game is
called air strike and you try to take
out your opponent so everybody shoots
ten times each player shoots ten times
like I'm blue team so obviously I want
to destroy all the yellow look at that
one that one's so hard
six points though after you ten shots
you add up the points and see who won
they all now gonna test this out we've
never done this before I think it looks
like a blast you you can invent so many
shoot games exactly like why hasn't this
been done to whoever made that is
awesome hi first game first round
five-card five-card poker on the left
deck Dale's the right deck we would have
we planned $10 a hand my wallets in the
car
I don't you have all it on me fake money
pretend money oh you a buck if you win
you warm up we haven't even shot today
warm up okay I was aiming for the dirt
little hoppity-hop Wow that was 16
rounds I don't know what happened Sun
was in my eyes
worst warm-up I've ever had he just had
popcorn well I wasn't gonna tell him
because I was eating it off the floor
over there he did 5 out of 16 it's not 1
in 3 that's
No oh you killed me at the warmup you
got me so I want that $20 ante ha ha ha
ha all right let's play some poker
Chris gonna get in Britt's dad is here
he's gonna take so you guys should do
this what was that I was aiming for the
a so it looks like a four of Spades
we're getting too we're getting too old
we gotta scoot up too far away
wait I thought wait we were supposed to
shoot the paper yeah no dude I don't
know I wasn't playing oh I got to whoo
that's one look at me I'm all laugh
that's embarrassing you're we're missing
a shot though I'm embarrassed did I even
hit a card I got a four - got it a four
and A two I you got an ace of four all
right I got four an ace oh I don't come
you got the a minute its technical I did
break the line my three is off the page
yeah here's a six six you got me so I
got you buy a high card no matter what
you got me and the ACE is a discrepancy
Barriss dude least on the edit Ralph to
put any of this in the vlog you guys are
so embarrassed I won and I'm embarrassed
who is that who's on our property who is
that is that you mama where the heck you
been man you get a lot of sleep for why
how are you do everyone's been asking
where's Momo where's Momo what you got
that bag money gold hey cheese just as
good just cheese cheese is gold right
now the kids are hungry that means it's
gold almost the same color too
what did you do to your head I fail I
heard what your little monsters doing
huh you're bored if you're bored you're
boring there is so much to do here
you can't go inside why cuz your dirty
heathens
shower cane looks okay you guys all got
clean clothes on one last thing before
it gets too late I have been wanting one
of these for a very long time and I
finally got it
this is a semi-auto 12-gauge shotgun
semi-automatic as fast as you can pull
the trigger you're shooting 12-gauge you
got to get in on this let's load her up
dun dun dun dun dun dun oh dude that
looks good yeah
did you need an up-close shot you need
to go pro right on that thing your stand
up here yeah
rolling send me out of 12-gauge you
ready think sick kid haha you're
destroying your noobs it so six rounds
dude look at that beast you don't really
need sights the talk is shot got it I
did just point it and shoot it we just
shot dozens and dozens of bullets into
this area and everything looked fine six
shots in this place looks like a
disastrous Troy dit six bullets you've
destroyed it let's see what it into
these bottles
oh yeah pepper them up look bum bum bum
ba ba ba ba ba ba alright guys so
everybody's not everybody but a lot of
you guys have been waiting and waiting
and waiting and we're so far behind on
this I don't even want you tell them you
tell them we probably like blew their
headphones off like most companies guys
they are always on tracking on time we
have completely missed the whole
back-to-school thing but our book bags
are finally here and they're in here
they are I've been trying to literally
myself trying to get a good photo of
them for the website and this is it man
these bags are super super awesome
they've got the headphone ports they've
got the super padding on these ones for
your laptops and a full-size laptop
- and all the stats will obviously be on
the website obviously we have a limited
run of all of these we don't have
millions of bags we only have so many so
everybody the orders in the next 24
hours as of 3:00 p.m. Eastern when this
vlog goes up roughly 3 or 4 24 hours
everybody will receive for 24 hours you
will receive a water bottle for your
backpack these are one of our biggest
selling items we are throwing it into
your backpack the black ones will come
with a black one and the blue one will
come with a blue one now the only
difference is is this backpack actually
holds a water bottle this one does not
hold a water bottle it's all wrinkled
we're so unprofessional
these are sweet though they're nice
these are Noah's favorite I felt like
yet Noah actually that is this favorite
bag I fell in love with the black when
we got him and now I'm starting like the
white I can't decide it's pretty sick
look at that that is awesome hello
that's thick so guys like I said we have
a limited run as always on on weird
stuff like this on on custom things like
this we have a limited run so get them
while you can
24 hours you will receive the water
bottles with your backpack I think
that's pretty freakin awesome yeah they
are on the website right now if you want
one do not wait get it now because they
will sell out get your backpack I love
it I know our problem is is like schools
been in for how long what schools like
in in it's not like all your
back-to-school schools in month in half
so you know like a you know normal
company would had backpacks for you guys
before school started but this is this
is us and it's the best we got so thank
you guys in advance check them out there
on the website right now hopefully now
they they are out there I'm literally
doing the photos right now so we're
gonna get this vlog up get these up and
call it a day guys thank you so much for
hanging out with us today I know it's a
short vlog it's kind of just a gun-range
fun day with the kids in my brother and
Britt and the fam and this is all we got
for you I have so much off-camera work
to do that I have to cut this one short
and in this vlog now tell me in the
comments what is a challenge video that
Noah and I can do or like
Dale and his kid verse me and know like
we need a fun unique challenge that we
can do I want to ask you guys what else
were you gonna ask you want to have a
video game knowing I were actually
thinking about making our own video game
vlog like not a new channel just a vlog
what game should we play we have no idea
what to play I mean have games in mind
but tell me what game we should play
thank you guys for everything we love
you will see them all you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more to get
him now that was awesome keep keep going
