welcome welcome to the vlog guys hope
you're having an awesome date is
absolutely beautiful the Sun is out its
shine in the sky is clear today guys is
a good day I'm gonna tell you what a lot
of people don't think about this but I'm
gonna tell you why this is oh not only
is your heart beating your eyes are open
but you woke up this morning with
another chance another chance how
awesome is that and how good of a
feeling is that little things like that
we take for granted little things like
that we don't even think about we think
our days bad because we failed a test we
got pulled over by the police in out a
ticket or we lost our job that's why we
think our day is bad I'm gonna be honest
the good outweighs all of that you have
to think positive you have to be ahead
of it you have to realize how good you
have it right now because one day one
day you might look back on right now and
think that it's great so welcome to the
vlog I want to pick you up I want to
lift you up I want you to feel like you
can take on the world
you were so important man don't forget
it you are amazing so what am i doing I
am running errands all day I had been
running errands all day in fact this is
one of those days was like I can't flunk
I I got so much do I just can't vlog
this is all off camera crap that I just
can't do but I'm doing it I'm on here I
hit the record button I picked it up and
I'm actually heading home it still lied
on it I thought I'd be getting a home at
dark but I'm a little early so let's go
home see the family see the kids so much
I want to do so much I want to do is so
little time to do it so well guys hope
you're having a great day I know you are
just got to realize it let's see who
will it be first who will it be first oh
hey I always greeted by the wilds what's
up
knock-knock who's that I stopped my
girlfriend huh
Cain where are you Cain know you were
where's Kane um he's gotta be up here
okay there's no kid to be found
looks like I'll just go back out and
Zeus where's Kane where's Kane take me
to Kane
is he back here is it oh okay good boy
good boy yeah you're right
you were right Oh something you crazy
Birds
hey we got like eight minutes a day time
left outside
eight seven maybe it's hard to hide when
I got Zeus on my team he sniffed you
right out fishing for Flash Oh fishing
for flash oh oh yeah oh geez
Britney just bought this rug for outside
and Flash decide to chew it up
well it looks more like a real leaf
right now yeah we got a few minutes
you probably have to let warm up it's
cold out there so cool you're like
somebody actually sent me a tweet of two
years ago when came as two years younger
of him at the store on this when you got
a first bird I didn't think about so
crazy
you won't go for a ride low girl have
you ever driven a dirt bike
ever well now you got a baby in your
belly prying out of guys just no doubles
no double backflips that's true
my agenda for you look good let's go
come on
hahaha okay you can't do that with one
hand oh you got gloves lucky ducky
we are just soaking up the last few
beautiful days before the snow hits here
you go woohoo oh he's getting better
yeah
Oh
a lot easier mo wasn't dodging dogs
this kid is getting so good at this game
dude this is dead shot well my mom just
showed up like a sign from above Outback
to go what is going on my Outback was
put in I got to eat first and then she
drove over for us all this delivery Wow
thank you so so so much steak salads
potatoes perfect and lemon onion can't
forget that guy thanks for the Outback I
have to be driving by a steak place I
really I'm always the last kid to get
sick really Conrad are always sick and
tired Cain on the other hand ok I love
you
first of all we haven't had much to vlog
tonight I ate up most of my day doing
errands and things that I want to do in
Kane is officially not feeling well
which stinks did you have gym tomorrow
dude we're gonna miss but we've got some
appointments so that's good
mmm hate having a sick kid it's the
worst
because scratch me by scratch oh you got
the light dude you got the light zhuzh
very very very slow vlog day I guess
that's what you'd call it even your slow
work days today's is a slow blog day you
know have to have to half the family's
not feeling up to par and no one are
just hanging out the last book you know
what though I'm usually the one that
gets sick I'm always like you're always
go on leading the pack oh this goes nope
trust me I tried you need to strip this
and strip this watch woody are you
doubting your daddy are you dumping me
no I I'm gonna king of fixing things
everybody knows this I'm not first you
got stripped this wire see that that's
exposed copper that's what you need
now where's the other one we must expose
the copper threw it in your mouth and
ate it my hands taste like Zeus Oh daddy
got it baby
you doubted your father Oh Josie doubt
it because I tried multiple talk while I
did only try one thing hmm never gonna
give you up never gonna let you down yo
yo oh let's do it again so we can show
them what the lights to all all these
lights that's it oh dude wind up the
wall imagine what it must have been like
just connecting wires together and
figuring these things out like to get a
speaker to work how impressive is an
actual speaker when you think about a
speaker
he plays all that music dude how I hate
speakers how do they work I don't I
don't think I don't know I don't I don't
expect you to know never adores yourself
not oh it's getting windy and cold guys
the sun is shining though
morning guys it is current day I was you
know what today was one of them days
guys I was like I'm not gonna blood I'm
just not gonna do it they killing when
it's sure I do
in fact I actually didn't even in the
vlog last night but I woke up this
morning and I was like let me put the
footage in and I actually liked all the
footage it was just me and it's just
real hangout it was nothing exciting
it's just me and my family so pretty
much the memories I actually want to
have so thank you guys for being here
thanks for keeping your head up thanks
for me and positive thank you for being
here guys I just looked on the computer
we are way closer to 10 million than I
thought now we're still far away but
we're on the final stretch and it is
only because of you guys the last three
and four days you guys have absolutely
blasted out every single favorite vlog
you've ever I swear my Twitter feed has
been nothing but you guys just sharing
and getting your friends and getting
your family to watch the vlogs and we
are so close in fact I just got a tweet
from somebody it cracked me up it said
it's a Roman you were so worried about
hitting 10 million subs on the 15th for
your 8 year anniversary me and
Brittany's 8 year anniversary is on the
15th but now you're probably worried to
hit it before the 15th and there is some
truth that you guys have absolutely you
just always surprise anyway guys thank
you so much for being here I know you
always tell me just upload anything even
if it's five minutes long just upload it
so today is kind of one of those days
where I just I got stuck doing so much
work just off-camera stuff and I'm not
here for sympathy man I'm here to lift
you up
always so have an awesome day have an
awesome night whatever time it is maybe
you're just going to bed sleep great
have a great dream wake up ready to take
on the world man stop waiting for the
opportunity to come to you it's not get
up go chase it go get it you can do it
and you will do it I love you more than
anything man thank you guys so much for
everything we will see them all you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
mwah I love you
you
