oh yeah I tried the other one that one
might be frozen but it's race day baby
are you ready to race are you ready
you don't you're not even excited why
maybe all these guys out there you beat
them you gonna take them down
I'll sabotage them for you stuff their
carts off you know what the secret is I
figured this out on the right side of
the handlebars is the kill switch so as
you drive by you hit that switch and
kill the car yes okay Cora Cora baby
Cora hey wait let's go all right let's
go flash you ready let's go race come on
come on okay I'll see you I hear like
one minute all right guys welcome to the
vlog hope you're having a perfect day we
are I'm kind of I'm starting today's
vlog exactly where I left off yesterday
we did a little current day yesterday
cuz I kind of spoiled the go-kart idea
so here we are we got a bunch of friends
out here family kids and actual living
donkey out here what's up fun you like
your coat huh must like it
we got the trackbill brah I think that's
Brian that's Brian chase we got a bunch
of couple special guests yeah who's this
mystery man what Dennis what somebody's
loving you right now he's like throw me
the ball throw me the snowball let's go
the trash a car chase is gonna fashion
the right
tearing up my track not even on the
track starting line in red because uh
well you can't really see white right
now you'll see that starting line it
actually looks like we're someone ate it
Oh Britt hey hey go redo it so I kind of
like country's idea he said for the
first for the first like go everybody
lines up everybody lines up their carts
on here and you drive off onto the track
to start the race not not down the ramp
but just we all line up and then y'all
start yeah I bet you the first cart that
hits that little mouse right no I drove
this snowmobile down that okay so before
our crazy right I mean we've already
been all over this but we bought a chase
mr. kind of the father figure of the
group said I brought a big drill bit
you're a father too Wow I know but I
know the ice is fine there I know the
ice is fine
I'm not scared I just want to make sure
everybody knows you got to be you got to
take the right book a father-figure
other group that's all I'm saying we
wanted us to measure the ice before that
but once we came out here's like oh it's
fine you gotta be close oh yeah just 20
inches get a good measurement here you
gotta be able to hook it use that bit
right there
nine inches just shy of nine inches
eight alright so how does it move for a
couple days four inches is the minimum
thickness for people to be on right
eight inches is the minimum thickness
for a TV so we're safe with go-karts oh
yeah
and how much does each person way it's
dispersed it doesn't count
it's a whole floating island right now
Brian and country can't be on it get a
flash get a flash don't take that don't
take that yeah he's loving that he loves
playing that snow yeah I'm waiting for
him to just bite your but we got to get
we got a gift when we're gonna get to
warm up and practice on this guys all
right so hop in crash easy easy baby
easy Papa huh
not ready I want my girl ready to race
we gotta win this let's go
see ya holy it is you gotta get right on
there
get on the racetrack
oh geez
Dennis already spun out no they're all
the same three laps three laps Brittany
or Britney were in the first lap the
wipeout okay just a second lap coming
around Lisi Oh Oh Britney run the second
one so turn that here we go
here he goes who's Oh Roman a couple
inches all right
you took that race I'll be back I'll be
back for more so we've gone from racing
to now go-kart hockey basically shooting
hockey pucks at the driver not to hit
him he has to stop the part here's the
truth we gotta get serious about this
race because what's happening is we're
just going out there and we're moving
off we're just playing
clay time had to put air in all these
tires because they're going flat from
our screws wasn't the smartest idea and
Brian owes me money I don't care what he
says he bet me a hundred dollars you
know what he pulled you know what he
pulled though they're not all flat
they're flat you guys ready to get
serious
mom we go race we got a race got to race
race what we're so goofing off playing
off it's pole row come on out there
sleeping sleep sleeping is that what you
were that why are you ready when you get
her out which one this has got to come
out to the pond I'll just run you're the
last guy that we need in there mr.
can-am himself not sure exactly how
we're gonna moderate this race but we're
gonna get serious here fill them up to
them up we're making some adjustments
the things are superfast when we adjust
them so we're doing that to all the
karts real quick we're gonna get the
drone in the sky which looks really cool
out here and we're just gonna go just go
with it have fun and hopefully we can
capture the best that's the best we can
from you guys but either way I'm having
so much fun that I can't decipher what I
filming what I'm like and I'm like I'm
not filming every time you hit somebody
it's a penalty
I didn't know what you're talking about
why will she push me Britt Brody and
Brian five lap race here we go dad I
don't know no no inside lane has to
start back yeah we have an advantage I'm
gonna try to vlog anyway I don't know if
you know we got chase on the big ham we
got Julian on the drone so hopefully
we'll be able to cover this just
me and you baby baby new pit maneuver
shake and bake slingshot and you're
gonna say go country
that's what you get
here we go
I got bro right here
this print set three come on Britt left
for you're taking this go go
better hurry yo you gotta take Brian out
you gotta take Brian out
push what happened
go bring over it go
Oh
a little tired and you're done ready to
fight again
we are to blown wheels good job good job
baby that's from your tire burnout man
and you just been out a move at when it
happened these guys man how does it feel
to be number one Brit feels good you
were so close number two still good you
were close because he put you in the car
he was stuck for some reason he was just
peeling out put that back on the rim
that's awesome
almost ready to get back out there you
get you getting Kyle's with torque
winning trophy there you go for it 2018
well it's a year behind that's all right
sorry you got this I think I think Brian
with a little practice and a little more
effort you could have had that trophy
you would have been number one being
supposed to be in our race no she'd come
in and just Tokyo we do have a second
place for you haha
it is a belt wearing level notepad
measuring tape and I'm not sure what
that is there you go it's every handy
man's dream you can measure there you go
okay so we're gonna jump back in to the
race and stuff never realize everyone's
like super sick you know what is one
well starts during that dark thing again
you see that it looks like oh wait I
thought right now I'm just kidding he's
right he's right my mustache is all
weird-looking oh yeah
it's like it's like dirty you're growing
up we really tore it up this week party
nine building tables this is the place
so good five seconds later I can't
breathe so much pizza actually any
mozzarella sticks have a sing-off half
I'm half ice as a pizza oh but look at
you you got a full plate
you touch yours okay we are warping back
home and I think after all that food we
need to do some push-ups guys you and me
together we have to do 12 today
yesterday was 11 and tomorrow is 13
who's doing him with me huh she's
working on it like she's skydiving you
could literally Photoshop her flying
through the air right there who you
gonna do him yes that's why I like here
chase you in you ever done any push-ups
say let's go country Dennis Brian let's
do it all right guys you know the drill
if you're new this is your first vlog
then we do push-ups with you guys and we
add one a day now you don't have to do
the same amount we do you just have to
add one to whatever you start with if
you can do one push-up do one and then
tomorrow you have to do - no you have to
add one every day maybe you can't do
push-ups do sit-ups just just pick one
exercise simple and just add one each
day with us here we go
we're all gonna do this I start finding
a place for all of us
I gotta find a place for this camera for
everybody it's a hard one
everybody scoot back oh you want to film
funny that'd be perfect but thanks you
good good yes okay once you come up here
so you can see us real well four five
six there we go
knocked out 12 tomorrow is 13 so be
ready for that do it together do as a
family do it after the vlog if you
didn't do it now just have fun with him
race you where Oh
no running in the house you're right
let's put on rollerblades Korra say bye
to country
say bye country oh brother so yo did you
bring that can of candy oh yeah get it
he's it's dennis has his own candy and
he wanted all of us to try it
Brian's just asking for it he's like I'm
I'll rip his head off then I'm gonna rip
your head off I love your socks baby hi
brother
thanks for everything today that's fun
you know we have had snow for a long
time this is like probably the longest
we've had snow like at once like it's
been on the ground for weeks
amazing does need more snow or is it
kick is it candy or chips no wow that's
cool that's it uh I'll taste one of you
taste one all right make sure it's good
yeah open them for me how do you open it
just pull it oh you got a little tab
right there grabbed by the tab really
come on man oh yeah I tried the other
one that one might be frozen but
that was a WoW you actually are you sure
these are insane look at tiny got it oh
my god put it in a some stuffing
wait where do you get these there I'm
gonna I'm gonna plug Dennis because this
is freaking awesome I keep these yeah
nice no wait for real Frank this this is
so awesome like I knew you sold Frank
stuff but this one is fun it looks so
good
it looks like a real chip can awesome
I'm gonna put I'm gonna put it just in
case anybody wants to drink their family
and friends I'm gonna put the link for
these in my description today yeah dude
those are cool dude I love them
genuinely awesome yeah man spider the
spider box is that on your oh my gosh no
I am I'm gonna do it I would support
people that I that I follow
popped well I think Kane enjoys your
your potato chips oh my god was that the
finish of finish
Oh widow Cora thank you guys so much for
being a part of our day today and
hanging out with us and doing whatever
it is that we do in these vlogs snow
baby core is about to pass out we don't
watch movie movie movie night you got it
easy little WrestleMania little Buff
Bagwell in the house we are we will see
you guys tomorrow I hope you enjoyed
today's what I hope you're feeling do it
staying positive just thinking of all
the great things you have in this life
we love you you're beautiful one of a
kind smile off
you
