but look at you guys just wishing you
could come out and eat my drone huh
welcome to the vlog it is absolutely
beautiful it is officially fall the
Leafs of almost all fallen they're
beautiful they're orange what's up
what's up what up dude
what we got going on here well rank
26-foot call duty you know that's as
high as you can go know you can I think
it's with you violating prestige
four-seater seas I always wish you could
just count and go forever like the
numbers should never end gain hope you
are having an awesome day we're just
getting our start of these dogs man I
don't know they play all day and fight
all day they chase balls all day they
eat poop and sleep all at the same time
it's from yesterday is it what is it
it's much more where that came from oh
my gosh dude I'll be back let me sleep
at Gil's
yeah I love you absolutely weird and
beautiful day it's kind of like a weird
mix but it's gorgeous it's beautiful we
are being so lucky with weather it's
supposed to be really cold and almost
snowy right I mean it could be snowing
here but they're coming for like 60s all
week through next week so we're gonna
eat it up no and I are gonna go pick up
my yellow quad which I'm very excited
but there's so much history behind this
four-wheeler I bought it when I had no
money and then I got in the hole my
brother ended up buying it off me to
help me and then eventually down the
road I ended up getting some money and I
bought it back off my brother and I took
it in to get all fixed up tuned up and
cleaned
has a lot of words dude that's a lot of
words so now I'm not going to do that
right now no is also how far along are
you how much how much money you have
right now saved up so I have $219 to
nineteen that's not bad yeah and I need
631 more 631 more an IOU what are you
counting the I owe you 20 bucks yeah so
Noah also is trying to say we have a
very close friend of ours that builds
computers that's what he does he builds
gaming computers he builds meters he is
building Noah custom gaming computer
that will run anything that Noah wants
to play and he's charging him 850
dollars not to me this sounds on the
cheaper end like I don't know what it
costs to build computers but I know if
you go to the store and get a good
gaming computer they're a couple
thousand dollars so Noah's saving out
we've been thinking of just random
things he can do for work working a
smile more store you know cleaning the
garage you name it he's been doing it so
we don't really have anything today for
you it's a slow workday it's a slower
day look at this crazy dog dude what the
heck but it's pretty awesome it's like a
big kids Power Wheels still there I
think these are all used $11,700 start
saving dude these are legit like big kid
Power Wheels right here this is the
bigger version that your kids you know
$300 Power Wheels look at this it's like
the it's like the boy Barbie car right
here I think you know we're cruising
around the house and stuff you're
strolling a little fifty this is like
look at that pit bike 110 set of one two
yeah one two this looks exactly like the
bike I did the backflip on at Travis's
house I'm almost positive that's the
same bike really similar
fits good would you rock that I would
probably ride this more than it did when
you're feeling froggy leap you know
you're feeling froggy asleep feeling a
little antsy feeling like making a a GAD
decision a good bad dad decision you
can't keep up with my craziness right
now they're all right so how she running
now wheels look great
geez well I came here for my
four-wheeler which is great I'm so happy
to get my four-wheeler back the helmet
is sick dude
absolutely love it it matches your
hoodie no it oh my gosh did you even
notice your hoodie is exactly the same
colors it look so I came to get the quad
and we ended up getting the 110 oh man
we ready to play but for the helmet was
120 was yeah I mean I wish it was 28 so
I got the 400 back and it looks great I
can't wait to actually get it out and
ride it now literally everybody in my
family has something to ride I'd have
the LTZ 400 or my 150 you'd have the 110
Kane would have his 50 quad and Britney
has the new giant quad I know what that
thing's called
I would say it was a successful
successful successful trip like so sell
your clothes and toys to earn money for
the yeah cuz I have a lot of clothes and
I don't I think we give the clothes away
but maybe you have something what about
I brought this up I brought this up
before but what about selling your
laptop you have now taking that money
and putting it towards the computer you
want
you can't do it because it's Christmas
gift I mean and it's just super the main
thing about are you gonna use the
computer after you've gotten your new
computer is it just gonna sit because I
do this with editing computers I still
have all of them but I don't use any of
them oh maybe I'll sell it once I get it
I mean that would be kind of a weird
thing to do because I needed the money
to get the computer but then once I got
it I saw it no no no who would I sell it
to
I don't know who eats up dude I'm just
saying like that is a way to get new
things as you sell up your old stuff I
talked to somebody else it's new it's
it's you know it's we are grabbing a
quick bite to eat and we're gonna head
home actually gonna stop by my mom and
dad's house and do something for them
and um that's yeah it is so beautiful
out so much like
so just got it from my mom's first of
all she made sloppy joe which I love and
me and Noah just ate not sloppy joe so
I'm kind of bummed out that you have
that but she's packed this up and let me
take it home and I want to share
something with you as we're trying to do
roller vlogs and let you guys in on more
of our actual life I want to share
something with you and this is there's a
lot of behind the scenes things that
these vlogs cause almost like little
chaotic moments of our life things that
you would never expect to happen I want
to share with you so it's not uncommon
this has happen so often to so many
times and I'm finally sharing this story
with you um family members or cousins
distant cousins or friends friends that
and again this is like something I never
thought would happen and never I still
can't understand why it would happen but
people that actually know me that go to
school get picked on because the kids
say that they don't actually know me and
it becomes like almost to the point of
like bowling it's like it is such a
severe like these kids are literally
picking on the kid claiming to know me
saying that you don't know and like it's
gotten that out of control this has
happened so many times to so many my
relatives to so many distant friends
kids and it's just to me I can't I
cannot picture why I would be that big
of a deal that you have to pick on
another child because they claim to know
me even if they were lying about it
there's no reason to pick on that person
either way my mom has asked me to sign
some stuff and help prove for one of my
cousins that is being picked on in
school and it's just so sad that people
do things like this I just how could I
be the cause of that I'm not that
important not a reason for you to get
picked on so I hope that's not happening
to anybody um but it does happen pretty
often in the family and friends and it's
just crazy so I'm gonna help ca1 up
tonight and uh I mean it would be easy
to just figure out that for like I don't
get it I think kids just pick on kids
but don't pick on kids don't pick on
kids good advice
I go over all kinds of this stuff with
you guys all the time like you can't you
just imagine the problems you have that
you hate and then look at the person
that you're picking on they have
problems that could be even worse than
your problems why are you talking about
them like it's just it drives me nuts
but I guess it's reality it's human
nature we're kind of rough on on
everybody and we definitely need to work
as a team we're all just one team we're
all big family on this planet so it
sucks that weird things have like you
can't believe how many things this blog
actually causes just to our life normal
life like Simon a big deal it's just
weird stuff yeah it's hard on others
it's hard on others sometimes and for
reasons that just aren't necessary so
kids be nice what it does look good good
job on the sweeping the drop waiter boy
gonna unload this stuff actually you
know if you had clean in here
flip mafia
he's out of here hey dudes what's up hey
I see you I see you I see you hey guys
what you did get a pic you told me to
see you
you liked it
nice did it's sweet
well I have to retire wheat wire why I
tend to require I have to retire one of
my favorite vlog cameras I just dropped
it maybe I can fix it it's not broke but
look you push the battery in and just
shoots back out I mean I'm sure I could
get something to hold it but I just
dropped it outside and the battery flew
out and yeah dang this is even my broken
one I have another one that I use all
the time the screens all cracked broke
my camera cane pretty lively house right
now let me show you what's going on
first of all you got these two we're
watching home alone great movie but hair
early usually watch this right around
Christmas time like for Christmas movies
already really what so excited it is hot
song yeah yeah you sure you want so much
your plan show em show em show em keen
is playing Robinson
what is it the Robinson journey Robinson
the journey it's a br game and it's
pretty crazy we're hanging out pretty
lazy night I don't even have to ask you
if you're tired or not I just I couldn't
sleep in I couldn't dig enough I just
can't light my problems insomnia
pregnancy lamia pregnancy Tommy are you
talking to your pet dinosaur let me see
him so this is your pet in the game you
run around and he follows you and helps
you and duty so awesome yeah ready first
try
ready first try oh okay so you know what
to do oh hey what okay three in a row
let me try one I know I don't really
have to get the muscle
just right oh you got competition I
think we got a challenge going right now
you will try whoa okay
Cain it's just a little flip okay it's
just a little flip oh it was so close uh
okay who's gonna get it on the ledge
first who's gonna get it on the ledge
first oh boy
huh you got this Oh Noah's got it try
again try again
nice little flip yeah it's the flip
bottle gold play button oh you got it
daddy's kicks oh oh how did we miss that
dude you just split three bottles oh ma
no he didn't we stocked it but that
would be pretty of it
epic bottle flip challenge impossible in
the hood gone wrong
you know at the end of the day it's like
who needs technology when you got
plastic bottles and what I mean anybody
that wants to participate I got an idea
okay you're here gonna go lay on the
floor downstairs I'm gonna have to get
water into your mouth yeah I think
that's a good spot this has to be done
with precision are you ready oh it's
actually really hard to judge where it's
gonna land it doesn't it looks totally
different it's really hard to tell
ready whoa you got them ups guys I think
we're gonna end it there today I gotta I
gotta end it with so many thank yous the
channel listen we've been talking about
hitting 10 million subscribers by
britney and i's anniversary which
happens on the 15th
you guys have personally been trying so
hard I see you sharing so many blogs
that keep saying this at the end of my
blog because I see you doing it I see
you guys sharing so hard now our
anniversary is on the 15th the internet
has been saying that we will hit 10
million subs on the 20th which is five
days after and I gotta be honest with
you I'm so happy with that guys like to
hit 10 million at all is just absolutely
impossible to me so thank you to every
single one of you I will say this the
internet says that we are going to hit
10 million subscribers on the 19th now
so we have shade you have shaved one day
off of this entire thing thank you guys
so much man no matter what at the end of
the day thank you guys so much we're
gonna hit it
it would be insane to hit it on our
anniversary it would just be so crazy up
all days that's the day we hit it on but
it does look like we are little off and
I just want to say like thank you guys
man it's unbelievable thank you for
joining and being part of our family a
massive part of our family you are
everything you're everything to us we
will see you tomorrow I love you you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
