welcome to the vlog guys Brittany want
to stop by and get her car clean
ironically this is the same place you
got the flat tire remember we came right
here that was your mom's car somewhere
else you want to do is wash your car I
was like go through a touchless carwash
so it doesn't hit your car and look how
bad of a job there's like these giant
streaks from where the water hits and
then all these smears this is after the
carwash yeah it did nothing like it
everything is wet but it didn't clean
your car now I like to complain and I'm
not usually one to talk bad about a
place but it's still filthy the whole
car is filthy hope you're having a great
day we're just getting our started and
look at this this is what happens when
you have kids we're having two boys it's
not that bad we allow them to eat in the
car so it's completely powerful sounds
like somebody I know Britney and are out
and about we had to run a few errands
today kind of off camera stuff and we're
just starting the vlog right now I hope
you're having a great day we're gonna go
home see the kids see what's going on
see what we can get into and yeah
oh yeah
I just wonder on camera like I don't
know I don't know but he's still in his
pajamas this game hey dude
Hey
that's this that's the love I get what
up did you do any double backflips back
here yet dude our track is looking
awesome on the bike front tire was flat
so I'm just right just coming home get
here everyone's right and playing makes
me want to jump on a bike right now
hey pajama man you are you're riding in
your jammies yeah I can't lie like going
to the gym and getting that type of
exercise I've never been good at I just
I can't get into it but hopping on a
bike and hitting some ramps I love it
huh needs so much more speed ah give me
that give me that
hey boy left me hanging out there
thought you were gonna ride with me you
get all the kills you like that guy yes
awesome table set up over here Bobo's
canes over here you guys got the life
I'm envious right now in play yeah we
don't have we need one more
hey I got an idea
do want to do something that you've been
asking me to do for like the last three
months you've been asked me to do that
challenge you wanna do it go do it right
now not right now sorry
I want to interrupt your uh you know
three months of asking me to do this I
ask you and you say not right now but I
you would want to dad's going crazy
right now I'm just going crazy I need my
kids attention I need my kid attention
building one you know why smile more
buddy
yeah you want to work you want to work
to earn money
I like your thoughts dude I like your
thinking that's good mindset right there
works for me what do you mean I'd love
for you to work
oh no let me do this room Noah wants no
one's throwing money why tell him good
I'm saving up for a desktop computer
desktop because you're awesome laptops
just not cutting no well it is but
here's the deal dude you save up your
money you get whatever you want
I know exactly I'm for you not to
destroy you but that's a great laptop
that's a great computer wait would I
mean it is I know wit it please Barbie
or whatever you playing all just fine
what is this game is it Sark survive
100k it's not good I can hardly handle
it what I'm getting its end eternal my
god things like yeah you have an Apple
sticker on your okay I have my tricks
and stickers sweet I just want my kids
attention canes playing call duty you're
playing Ark survivalist I need my kids
but then you entertain that you've
stolen my children it's my fault for
getting you a computer to play school
games how does this Christmas present
two years ago I guess in two years
things can keep special computers get
outdated fast laptops didn't last very
all right well maybe we'll do the
challenge later how's that how's that
how's this for just raw blogging right
here guys how's this
this is my part this is real life right
here you want to work boy I mean we got
work there's so much to do since aim you
meet a sweeper a sweeper
sumo wants to do a little work guess
what we can find maybe he can do
something here in the store all right I
got your first job
put your scuba equipment on you can get
in the tank scrub the scrub the letters
you know they get a little dirty here
and there make sure the tanks clean
Brit is this your makeup head
well that's creepy it's like an adult
baby me
you think of that Zeus before we talking
about Noah working what is cod liver oil
it's for what for the baby you drink
this yes lemon flavor
hey I just liver its cod liver what is
cod liver is that officious it's
official what smells good hold you it
smells like the things you wash like the
table with so now they you know see
these little spots on the floor there's
army buffed out really good
so right out here the girls are working
second shift I guess you call it night
shift
what do you call this right now nice
shirt real night crew and we're look
we're looking for jobs for Noah what can
Noah do out here
besides hang out with you guys no wash
the windows
toilets overdue you see pretty much
everything that goes out has already
been pre organized and packed like our
school supplies and our pencils and
there you go
all them boxes need carry it up don't
they what are you thinking physical or
mental labor it like do you want to use
your brain or do you want to use your
body do we have a dish boy no we don't
have someone that can do dishes that's
that's an option okay so what if no what
came in was like the handyman like he
comes any checks on the st. see checks
the trash bag to make sure the trash is
out make sure these toilet paper on the
toilet bowl rat Emily's on her phone
Emily's on her phone okay so these yep
this is no more done okay so if you want
a splatter tee guys these splatter tees
they're being discontinued this is the
last of the splatters your favorite
mm-hmm basically you want one get one
now because this is the last order we've
placed for them I actually like the
t-shirt as well but I don't know if I
like having my name on it it's the only
thing Christmas orders are going out now
so if you want Christmas special e you
like oh man what am I trying to say
if you want Christmas especially
overseas international order them now
like now yeah take months to get over
there so you have it if you want an
order for Christmas order now and if you
want to splatter tea order now because
that is the last of them and I don't
actually know how many left the shelfs
look pretty decent what you boys think
should we open it oh geez I think you
bought that really did sound good
where's the camera ah why are you
tackling this
just like best proof you can't steal
from the sword oh my gosh might shoot
3,000 pounds okay so we were over at my
brother's the other night and he had
this crazy little ice maker I don't know
if this is the same one but we picked
one up here we go all right let me have
this one yeah what you guys not that
loud leave that how you do it guys oh
yeah oh look at that now is just
bringing cost realize this iceberg right
there
little fresh bull the white snow for you
boy like a snowball oh my gosh it makes
the best snow wow that's really funny
this what say gosh said okay ready for
this cat yeah yes oh my gosh you need it
how about you like it yeah I need like
that oh no like yeah lemon juice you can
do a cat's ketchup slushie nice little
ketchup can you did he bite so you do
relish slushie
what well that's gonna be good I bet
okay couple drops for you huh what do
you think yes good enough to go back for
I got it walked in and thought Sava kick
he did know it I was like what
and I saw this one oh yeah what have we
made enough to do snow angel you know
who has never seen snow in their entire
life why you've seen snow flash has
never seen snow he's a snow dog his
first year alright guys so by now you've
probably heard of a challenge called the
whisper challenge actually Britney and I
did it a while back and no one just
loved it he's been asking me for a long
time to do this you want to do it yeah
we just tried it he's like it's
impossible okay that's the point
I know but thank you
in case you haven't seen the whisper
challenge here's how it works no one's
gonna put on the headphones then I'm
gonna say something he can't hear me
because I've got music cranked up boom
boom boom reveal okay alright here we go
uh-oh you just pick you want to go first
yeah all right so I'm gonna put these on
Noah's gonna talk I got a guess what
he's saying just by reading his lips so
there's it like just hit play we're
gonna go with some some 41 right now our
viewers what heart awesome
huh for it's okay it's so hard because
I'm listening to what he's saying yeah
trying to figure out what you're saying
it's four wheeler in it no okay try
again
our viewers are awesome how many horses
are awesome
sayin our Howard our Audi oh oh we oh
well Oh No our know like our our viewers
our viewers Sybil's
our bills whoo viewers our viewers oh
yeah our viewers are awesome awesome
yeah so hard yeah that is the heart our
viewers are awesome that's all you said
holy crap dude I think we're saying like
a whole really yeah peanut butter is my
favorite peanut butter and jelly is my
favorite oh so close
yeah that's not so close you guess one
extra word okay do it again huh
peanut butter is my favorite peanut
butter is my favorite
dang III do pronunciate really well okay
your turn
I love you too buddy
oh I love my boys hmm got the best kids
ever man the Hat snow was good that
horse and fix that snow was good that's
how I feed my eel oh you're saying that
mm-hmm
not that okay that that snow was good
that's so horsey dude oh yeah this is so
hard I'm so bad at it I was bad at last
time ready oh yeah
that snow is so no not so that snow what
you said I said that snow is good that
snow is good or did I say so good why
did I keep seeing horses I got a little
II thought you're saying horses horses
that's wonderful I love croissants I
love your socks
I love croissants I love your scarf
I love your your car Yahoo I love your
am i right no I love croissants I love
your sauce Oh what are you saying
I love croissants I love croissants
croissants SpaghettiOs for life
spaghetti hips for life are you
I'm Tom I'm dawn I swear this thing's so
loud did you get it reading oh my god
I don't even know when you said I I was
just guessing i elephant smell like
Cheetos elephant smell like Cheetos
elephant smell like cheetah Noah beat me
Noah beat me I can't breathe
yeah you're my science is wrong crazy
hope you enjoyed really a much rawer
style vlog it's not even that crazy long
but the way I filmed it was very less
cuts and just longer takes and for some
reason I kind of go in and out of my
style and for some reason I've been
trying to do more of that lately just to
capture more of my family doing
realistic things so thank you for being
here thank you for hanging out today we
awesome by the way I didn't in the vlog
last night so it is current day right
now but yesterday this vlog we passed
the main channel which was the prank
channel it's not even the main channel
no more this is now the main channel
because we just passed that channel
which is incredibly dusty and covered in
dirt and and so close to 10 million so
close literally so close I don't think
we're gonna hit it for our anniversary
though I don't think we are let me just
let me just see what the internet says
because this thing's really accurate
okay according to the Internet which is
pretty darn accurate it's always just
about right
it still says that we're 12 days away
and that we'll hit it on the 20th which
is five days after our anniversary so so
we love you guys thank you for
everything thank you for sharing even if
we don't need it on the 15th thank you
guys for everything it's just it's
surreal it's unbelievable
we will see you tomorrow thanks for
watching always and arteries that's it
I love you smile more you're beautiful
you
