huh
guys welcome to the vlog we've got a
bobcat check this thing huh and I suck
with it I'm so bad with it look here it
is whoa ah first of all I think people
have Bobcats
have experience with Bob Castaneda
they're not to drive them I do not it
actually took me like 30 minutes to
figure out even how to start this thing
you see here was me this morning nothing
then I found this and then it starts
please don't worry
boom
activation we have a bobcat guys
Brittany rented me a bobcat for five
days I've got five days to destroy some
crap I mean it just eats anything it
touches you touch it it eats it look at
this those are bear claws do they'll go
through anything so here's where we
actually let me show you something real
quick this is from the if you didn't
watch yesterday's vlog this is from the
flamethrower look at my grass that's
just from shooting it up
well that spots from hitting the ground
if you didn't watch your face vlog it's
kind of one of my favorites it's just so
ridiculous so let me show you guys what
my original plan for this Bobcat was let
me start at the beginning
pretty much everything we do happens on
this side of the yard this little stream
divides it like divides my yard it's for
some reason you just don't cross the
stream we don't do anything in this yard
nothing so my original plan was let's
just turn this entire side of the yard
into a track for dirt bikes for BMX for
RC cars for whatever we want this yard
would be suitable for that hey guys
what's about time you came out what's up
it runs great and to be honest I'm just
not that good with it but I'm getting
better
give me five though man you ready to
build some stuff yeah hop on in
I really Drive it yeah just pull down
the pull down the handle yep boom
turn the key all the way pull that one
yeah
that's it
mommy's already better than me dude
she's already got it no no honey
oh boy back up go back go back
not down back ah way to go Rex I
didn't destroy it there's good first day
but you hop out he's so dumb dude so
instead of building whatever I'm gonna
end up building over there I think I'm
just gonna build like a three tabletop
set for the kids and start with that and
then grow it and grow it and grow it but
from now I'm gonna take this up and show
you guys exactly what I've done so far
this is pretty cool so here's what I'm
thinking guys hear me out I have this
field that I never ever use it's about
five acres it's full of weeds it's full
of grass and I thought let's start
carving out some trails something we can
ride the four-wheelers with the kids
something we can take a dirt bike into
so today I've been cutting all these
there wasn't a single trail in this
field today now I've built this and I
can add Hills I can add ramps I can add
whatever I want to these trails six 6zg
zinc so yeah guys that's where we're at
and that is what I've been doing all day
I'm so itchy I'm covered in grass and
dirt and bugs there's actually a bug on
me right now oh my god quick shower you
cleaned up I'm so itchy and grimy let my
ankles are two different colors that's
dirt dirt douche you know what I'm
talking about don't ya you know what I'm
talking about
hope you guys are having an awesome day
my mom and dad are gonna come over and
uh we're gonna hang out I got them a
little present for something I'm gonna
show you guys and then there
each me how to use this riddle properly
apparently hey Kane you want open some
mail oh man got some cool stuff probably
yeah house like the greatest shower ever
second of all we haven't done any math
for a long time so we're gonna rip open
some boxes King's been asking to do it
we should have done this a long time ago
writes again sister
come on muscles first one coming in from
Pat and Thomas Patton Peyton well is it
Oh looks like they took a beating and
shipping the stinks seeping it yes even
put the wheels back on the pizza chick
hey that's a good-looking girl just on
me that me and you us a Roman and
Brittany sitting in a tree what is this
oh these are crowns marker all pencils
some crazy shark zoos like where's my
stuff where's my stuff
oh my gosh what's the odds it's your
same exact shirt look at his dog did I
kind of percent there's something there
for him
oh my she's like attacking this box what
we're set for Halloween literally
everything Halloween related sprinkles
probably in there my gosh this has to
leave the house like we're trying to eat
better drink better and this this canes
like I'll take care of it
look it's a ghost projector oh it's not
sprinkles glass new such an a random box
actually and then just the Harry Potter
book right I knew it you knew it
snacks okay look at yeah let's see what
is that hose Buscemi garden hose
I bet I know what what it's you order
this oh are you sure I feel like someone
sent it because do you remember and all
the boxes caught on fire and the hose
oh that's a loser name on here I mean
I'm guessing that's why what in the
world is a duct tape somebody make that
out of duct tape
a peanut butter and jelly wallet and get
your money all slippery look at that
this is somebody's bedroom wall that
they've painted on it like that
oh wow wait since then that's um no that
is Bella Bella oh it is Bella whoa oh
hey pretty good what's up yeah a bug
inator
yeah is that for all your buggy electric
electrocution yeah we're good we worked
in Leverett uncle Steve's neighbor flies
yeah I'll just doing with the hose
somebody says a hose who wouldn't want a
hose yeah I know it got broken the
shipping though yeah hurricane it's
charging up dude awesome just USB so my
dad came over here to cook his famous
Japanese steak rice whatever you call it
gonna make my makeup oh I forget here's
the thing this thing's about two days
old and overnight it rusted oh yeah it's
covered in rust not the rust thing again
I told him I'm not cooking a little iron
oxide is good for you what about tetanus
oh he's not a cow poop nail into the
burning all right kill it all right he
says cook on it he's just says cook on
it's fun we're gonna its season it it's
rustic
yeah get that rust in there red red
butter
rusty we call him rusty a great chef
Houdini let's go check out these trails
dude
you're driving yeah I think I'm ready
before you drop it look out look out
flow see it's really what we have to do
now is drive over these trails over and
over and get the grass to work out it
looks pretty good though basically we
got to turn it into dirt guys like these
are the trails go all the way through
this yard I mean you saw the drone shot
it's a lot of trails but like you have
to wear it out now
it's sore to go anywhere Suzie oh he
stays right in front of you all right
we're here to eat my dad's famous rusty
nails
I'm kidding it looks unbelievable steak
rice peas carrots steak a 1-room was
awesome your headlights - you suck I
know you'll eat this don't watch so when
you see all the bubbles right there yeah
uh-huh that's when you flip it no see I
wait so the bubble that spatula socks I
think dad watched my pancake fail video
and now he's trying to make a point
totally irritated just just completely
my boy not being able to make a pancake
was totally I'm embarrassed - I'm
embarrassed - I'm probably more
embarrassed look like come on how hard
can that be oh I don't know if you
remember you cooking anything in your
entire life I cooked breakfast and I
cook on the grill was that what like
frosted flakes haha my mom and dad just
left and all Caine wants to do all day
all night is ride this dirt bike you
know we got to take some training wheels
off soon
you got to do it I think you're just the
hair shorter
his feet just barely tip those toes
yourself like mean one side you'll get
there boy by the way he needs no help no
oh I I've seen him so many times
see ya
oh he's riding in third now canes
growing up guys and it's terrible Oh
little baby we need to have another baby
so we have another have another baby
guys I got to give a little love to one
of our sponsors on this channel and that
is audible.com you guys hear me talk
about these guys all the time but I
haven't shot at them out for a while
audible.com audiobooks it's 2016 I
always say this you don't have to read
anymore
you can listen and if you're like me and
you don't comprehend what you read I
honestly can sit and read just like
Britt you probably just like me we go
over this every single time and I've
actually gotten really good at pitch in
this but to be honest with you like suck
at reading like that is the honest truth
I'm just not good at it I'm a good
reader like I can read good but
everything I I read just goes right up
my like I don't even remember it I just
I just didn't want an audible it was the
power now is really amazing it's kind of
more about meditation hmm but it was
really awesome like I had the book and
listened to it and it was really really
nice I could like pause and think about
something I just feel like my mind
absorbed it so much because I was
looking and hearing it yeah it's legit
don't be skeptical of it don't be like
oh it's a commercial
dude it's a good frickin website and
Zeus likes it
OTO balls audio balls you just listen to
him juice just check it out I'll put the
link in the top of the description of
this video check it out legit you can
now listen to your favorite book without
reading it you can do it in crazy places
like in the shower literally on your
Bluetooth set you can you could do it
while you skydive I think I've even said
that before listen to a book while you
skate you can do it anywhere so make
sure you use my name Roman or OMA and at
your promo code you get a free book a
free audiobook with a 30-day trial to
deal baby it's a deal baby
are you getting are you get
snuffleupagus don't do it that's where I
started as soon as like a stuffy it was
it don't wait for me
hey dad you're getting fast
okay all right guys I couldn't in the
vlog like that guys welcome to the next
current day of the vlog channel I am
getting better I know it doesn't look
like it I'm trying to build a berm
around this corner right now look at
that that looks legit this is like my
first official project outside of just
getting the trails matted down check
this out you're gonna come down this
turn
whoa and you're gonna hit this berm oh
and it's smashed into the back of this
see yeah that's what I'm doing right now
guys this is this is it this is today
this is what I've been working on all
morning I do have to actually go in stop
and edit all this footage um firstly I
have to thank you guys for hanging out
on really just the homeboy this is like
a really real home vlog this was just
awesome I mom dad coming over and it was
that was it there wasn't much exciting
it wasn't that much fun for you guys but
I just want to thank you for being here
especially if you're at the end of this
video give it a thumbs up thank you for
being here and I just can't thank you
guys enough for being here even during
the vlogs that are so crazy that all
being said I need to wrap this up I do
have to go edit which is gonna take time
away from digging thank you guys for
being here if you have any suggestions
for me especially on a skid steer bobcat
whatever you want to call it hit me in
the comments we've got any suggestions
of what we should do with these trails
hit me in the comments guys if you have
any suggestions on what I should do in
the side yard hit me guys I love you
guys so much thanks for being here
seriously we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile mwah
according to the instruction sheet we're
limited on hand so I'm gonna set you
guys down back here give this a try I
don't know it's expect
whoa that
that's a mushroom powder
