you ready ready ready shut it up uh hang
on can't do that yet what do we have to
do
pull it pull it pull it oh now what good
job nice now what push it sit yep
put that up all right now we can drive
we're
here we go
guys welcome to the vlog me and my buddy
have been spending a lot of time in the
back yard if you missed yesterday's vlog
I'm going to show you what we've been
working on but today we're going to add
a couple things right and we've been
doing it as a team we've been doing it
together and so far everything we've
done has been me and you
whoo lift the bucket lift it
there you go we got so you got some
right now back it up
now we're gonna turn this way this way
here you go good job
dump it you
oh there we go one more pile made we're
going to pack it down and we have
another hill another ring hope you guys
are having an awesome day man check this
out we just made this giant pile and
that will shape it we'll pack it and
then we basically added it to our like
seven yeah and this is pretty cool now
the kid all the way up until my late
teenage years this is all ID except I
don't have a bobcat I had just shovels
and friends who would hand dig ramps for
our bikes since it's for the quad slash
bikes I kind of make them not very steep
just fun you're making mud balls
hey good this is all I used to do as a
kid man I would come out my dad's
backyard and just start building ramps
this is some serious clay right here
it's like the real deal it's gonna be a
really good one though Kane's quad is
actually perfect for packing because
it's got these tires that doesn't eat up
the track Peck's all the clay down
perfect
packing it in
whoo I popped one away
Oh
okay so since the last clip the one that
I just showed you out of the dirt - now
do you notice anything different
anything see your eyebrows huh let me
see your eyebrow maybe I shave I shake
the beer I you had a big beard goin it
Mia ha I was shaving like two weeks
nobody even noticed what is that um it's
to protect the seat from Kane's car seat
protect the seat from the cars oh I get
it so we got some family coming over
today small more baby smile more we got
some family coming over in just a little
bit we're gonna run out and get
something I need to get up and want to
get and uh what did you just open the
trash can dude huh what yours doing
you like my doll I feel like these doors
are taking over the house man what are
you only if you have dogs you completely
understand what I'm trying out what am I
looking for your son I guess I guess
I'll go water let's go we go come on Oh
like I'm a little barn so you having a
little zoo little zoo animals I know
you're beautiful too you're pretty too
and my trigger my favorite fish in the
whole world
what's up baby look how beautiful that
is art that is artwork man look at that
fish what are the pregnancy Bible
pregnancy Bible everything you need to
know don't you have these books from
your oh I had one but it wasn't mine I
borrowed it oh they have naked girls in
there yeah it's like what your bodies
Wow it's the nose get us an eye and
that's a nose yeah no yeah I'm looks
like any animal the whole baby thing to
me is just it's insane what in the heck
you eatin a mommy's new car
yeah running into town real quick by the
way how you feeling like you've been so
exhausted baby day
when came when we found out that she was
pregnant with Kane that's how we found
out Britney was tired at literally 6
p.m. every night like she was just go to
that out out cold like 6 p.m. are like
something's up
if you watch yesterday's vlog I told you
there's a big new special character
coming to smiling this is our first big
new aah this will be our first giant
influence or a good friend of mine that
is joining smiling I'm so excited so I'm
going to show you right now because if
you play smiling it's available right
now the character and the game
completely free you pay nothing for the
game and you pay nothing
for the character so here you go are you
ready guys I'm so excited to announce my
good friend Logan Paul joining smile Inc
his bird is fully animated Logan does
the splits he dabs he does all the Logan
stuff so Logan Paul right now is
available in the game for free you can
play mucal his head off you can blow him
up you can do everything the Logan that
you've been doing to Brittany and I for
the last 2 weeks
so go enjoy it have some fun send me
some funny I'll get you guys been
sending them gifts we had over a hundred
thousand gifts to Twitter a hundred
thousand videos of you guys
murdering smiling characters thank you
guys as always again the games free the
characters free go have some fun and
show me some funny videos we're heading
in town I gotta get something so dumb
probably for you guys but to me I just I
want to get it so Britney's taking me
she's my chauffeur weird you driving
room and if your girlfriend's so tired
cuz I'll get carsick she will either get
carsick or or everyone yells at me for
blowing I'm driving with the kids in the
family's aw man I'm hanging out with two
sleepy birds too sleepy turds
really
had gym classes that's right you did
have gym classes sore knee the
decorations store everything you need to
decorate your house we just fast
Halloween which means Thanksgivings
coming everything is already Christmas
it's crazy don't make some Christmas
trees tonight wait what is this saying
I'm down for low art project tonight we
got family coming over mom and dad
brother kids bunch of people yeah but
what are you just painting them or what
wow I don't I don't know how did it
scare you what the heck is white it's
styrofoam dude
that looks pretty bad I don't think it
looks as good as you think it look good
no look
isn't that hey - got these styrofoam
ones and you could like stick things in
them yeah you don't like it you hate it
you hate the idea here look at these
chairs you can erase the floor
why does a pack of magnets look so fun
like I just want to buy a pack of
magnets I think I actually have a pack
still from when you did - using the
girls clothes off oh really
Kane dude you and the kids can build
Barbie dolls tonight yeah Oh mommy will
Allah I think it mommy had feathers
that's the fellow they'd be like that
would be like one of them really pretty
colorful birds yeah but almost extinct
almost extinct though you'd be one of
them birthday huh ah maybe nice nice
nice
can't go wrong you can't go wrong with
just a black frame right yeah I think
black is perfect this is great
see guess all I got that poster
yesterday for the two million downloads
in 48 hours and the poster is great but
it's all scratched up it's really bad
and I'm really proud of that poster so I
want to get a really clean nice one all
right now this is something I grew up
doing right here model rockets man this
was so fun I actually had this rocket
did I feel like mine was the big birth
of the this is baby bertha maybe it was
the baby birth though dude have you ever
done rockets
just found one of these in the basement
really a box dude these are really fun
Fatboy cane let's pick out a rocket well
since we're on the topic of little
babies look at little Brit when she was
young
look at this little book did that it's
totally cane right there with long hair
we might meet the great oh look like a
little princesses Britt and her dad
probably uh couldn't be like five six
years old right
Howry they're like eleven twelve it's
gonna be a different world with a baby
and like we're literally restarting
again like a whole new life bringing in
a baby no look at this dude he's so big
now he's been all about lately like not
helping me like not wanting anything to
do and he hugged me today like I'm so
glad you're having to be really yeah
he's like I'll help you I'll just get
the wipes though it's gonna be a
beautiful night Wow dude it looks
brand-new as you guys know we have this
white Chevy Cruze that we've had for a
while oh my gosh hey they got it so
cleanly fully detailed this car out we
got it fully detailed and clean it is so
nice oh my gosh because tonight we are
giving this car to my brother we are
handing it to him as a gift we're not
charging him any money we just want him
to have the car drunk don't work that's
the only catch you can have the car with
the trunk door how should work what do
you mean look Caine it looks so nice
should be there should be a little pull
cord like a little pull cord in there
yeah nice my brother has been offering
to buy this car off of us forever like
he just needs a decent car to get from
working back like it like a nice work
car he has offered to buy it like a
million times we've just decided that
tonight we're gonna hand it to him for
free and just give it to him as a gift
um yep nice so yeah another family gift
we'll keep it in the family and it will
get it'll get used really well with Brit
getting her new car it's just silly to
have a perfectly good car sitting here
so
should take my feet right keep it in the
family
what don't you take my key chains right
 you ain't givin in them key chains
baby you can give them the car quickly
we're gonna exchange this frame for this
frame and it looks good on no it doesn't
you see all the scratches and scuffs and
marks and I don't know if I've ever told
you guys I have a little bit of OCD like
that is true and I like certain things
I'm very particular about someone switch
it out with a clean frame and be good
Plus these rays are 50% off I'll pull
this off pull off me pull it off baby
get it came get it run it was turn them
so you turn them like that you turn them
for me thanks dude push down it there
you go
uh-oh what do you mean uh-oh this is
what's supposed to right is this bad
idea yeah I think so get out of here you
legit blue yeah you're not using that
frame guys we'll just use that one's
nice I got even better idea just use the
back of that for that no it doesn't work
that way yeah maybe it does weeds that a
fingerprint is that a finger panel oh my
god we gotta go get it on in I gotta go
get out of the frame honey we don't need
any frame it's on the inside of the
outside it's on outside just okay this
can be just right a little a little more
to the right should just leave it like
that maybe that's the comic I wonder
what your dad would say let's just see
what your dad would say my brain would
freak out if I saw it like that like I
couldn't my brain doesn't
lalla your brain seriously like when I
see that I'm like oh my god I gotta fix
it a level that's pretty close no I
didn't look too hard yeah without a
level who knows right that's pretty low
you have a level on your iPhone the
level app I'm sure they have it a lot
kind of a piece now is it ready ready
here I'm gonna make fun of me wha they
don't have one of those sucker things
sucker please can I have these
fingers out of there hmm seriously just
one piece oh I literally just said nail
everyone this gift that says I will wait
for you and that's why I could I knew
you're so I just want one leg strip
that's that's the feet oh that's so much
grab that grab it
no just eat it thank you grab that fat
ass you're the best
I have a super quick story for you guys
that kind of just blew my mind I want to
share it with you it wasn't even in the
vlog in fact it happened during the two
days I took off I went to this store
that had tons of precious moments we
don't know what precious moments are
there like figurines porcelain ceramic
I'm not sure what they are but they're
Q&U you collect them I guess people
collect them I found one that I just had
to get Brittany like I was like I'm
gonna get this as a gift for you right I
was trying to be sweet I was trying to
be sweetheart right so I get her this I
get her this right here and I just
thought it was just adorable made sense
the storks delivering the baby and the
it's called joy on arrival right it's
like there's a baby on the way and I
just so excited to give this to Brittany
right didn't film it wish I did because
my face was so good because Brittany
says well first of all she loved it but
then she said you know what what was the
story you said I look what I got when
Keene was a baby
yeah well that's awesome because I had
got the same thing when Kane was a baby
look at this the exact same one when you
weren't born yet
this story's hard to explain because
there's hundreds and hundreds of these
figurines right I happen to pick the
exact and only one that Brittany owns
this same one look at that that's the OL
literally it seems impossible do you
would have seen me in the store picking
the perfect one I was like no not that
one I like that one but not that one
that one right there well I love that I
can put the kids names and their
birthdays on the bottom not sure then we
could do back there first thing you
could do Kane and you could write you
know whatever our name is for the next
baby yeah Kane you were in that bag I
know when we had moved the legs though
and it's super glue how did I miss out
on this hole
ceramic thing or maybe subconsciously I
had seen that before and that's why I
was drawn to that I don't know I don't
know it's things like that
it's things like that but I hate not
vlogging because we miss the memories
and man when I gave that to where my
face was just like crushed that she
already had it I know you love it but
you know what I mean okay they look
you're a chevy cruze no other info on
there with the hot dog keychain dude I
want the hot dog you can't give him a
hot dog keychain
but there was one rule not only is this
the first car I've ever been given but
it's also the first Chevy I've ever
owned boom thanks guys
I always loved that car I can't wait to
give it to you man we're both on them
now I'm in third you're in second all
the duty just had to friggin come out
today every time you guys know when a
new Call of Duty comes out the only time
Dale and I really sit down and play
games together it turns into family
slash game night for me and a hotel what
you want tell them what you want coffee
our quality I do so bad
what come on call you step it up since
we've been playing the VR a lot I only
want to play VR now so when I play a
game like Call of Duty I'm like it's so
flat it's kind of I want to be in it I
want to be the soldier I want to be the
guy running around I know it's coming so
soon imagine baby went up on the soldier
went on the soldier we're just hanging
out kids are goofing off dad playing
pinball
I'm literally laying on baby foosball
there's no family's here and can't beat
that can't beat that with a ridiculous
stick I can't break your silhouette it's
past eight years
Oh No let go blow out why is this so red
really read on what I'm really trying I
know the vlogs are super long but I
really am just trying to film more just
normal stuff like like yesterday we were
we just playing a little foosball game
and I just I left the camera rolling and
just like like those are the memories
right there like that's really what I
want to watch in the future and I'm
always you know I'm always stuck with
well they're gonna get bored of watching
that or their game they're not gonna
like that or and I just I'm stuck right
in the middle so I'm trying to entertain
you at the same time I'm trying to
create you know future memories for me
and my family so thank you guys for
being at the end of these vlogs man I
love it so much we will see you tomorrow
I'm vlogging tomorrow and yeah baby
vlog two in a row I love you guys man
thank you for the continuous support
through thick and thin you're always
here and I just I don't know what to say
man you're everything to us you're
beautiful you're one of a kind don't
forget to check out Logan's the new
character there's some new game updates
there's lots of new stuff in the game
it's free I'll leave in the description
other than that thanks for watching
you're beautiful keep your head up don't
let nobody tell you can't do something
anybody that tells you that he's
probably the person that knows that they
can't do it it's kind of weird to think
about but it's true learn from your
mistakes become the better version of
who you are I love you you're beautiful
you're one of my kind smile mana
you
