welcome to the vlog guys we are back I
know I've been gone a couple days but it
was so needed I can't even explain it
without sounding like a baby but I'm
back and I feel good I want to show you
what we've been doing for the last two
days me and Kane just me and Kane out
back yeah
packing them in you can barely see what
we've done because ah you can barely
even see what we've done because of all
the leaves but we have built a little
track out back you love it
heck yeah go we had two of the most
beautiful days off me and Kane sat in
the backyard together built these hills
and ramps and I even taught Kane how to
run the bobcat check this guy out
unfortunately it's not mine it's a
rental I got it for the whole weekend
man I'll tell you guys we've had so much
fun of course when I come back to
vlogging it's raining it's sprinkling
right now I just used the drone to clean
the track look all the Leafs
you
filming on my phone because I don't even
have my blog camera off I took the day
off completely from vlogging - me and my
boy could just get some one-on-one dirt
time man so I'm gonna film a quick clip
this is what we built today so far he's
just getting used to it yes here's you
did all of our money you did all of them
I thought that would take like days so
yeah guys welcome back to the vlog this
is just the beginning of what will
probably be some kind of crazy track at
some point but uh I think we got a good
start it's not too huge the kids can
play on it I can play on it so what'd
you do today we're going to what we're
gonna do a bunch of stuff so let's go
let's start this vlog and uh thanks for
waiting around and being here and uh you
know let's pile in my man oh it's locked
unlock the door mama what are you what
is this what are you wearing ah you
don't like it it's like half of you got
caught in a fan or something
ah how's my baby
No how's my baby just in case somehow
you have missed the whole thing
Britney is officially pregnant we're
having a baby guys it's still early
stages we don't know if it's a boy we
don't know if it's a girl that's the
whole thing like are we gonna tell them
are we gonna find out are we gonna make
it a secret are we gonna make it like a
chair like what are we gonna do I feel
like that's a I feel like the
gender-reveal should be huge like
something just so big and fun Brittany
had a funny idea and I don't know if you
came out with us you seen it somewhere
but she said basically make an explosion
and the explosion would be the color
like blue or pink and be cool yeah well
my dad's Corvette and that's either blue
or that's a pretty cool place it just
gets right to the point you climb up
climb down hella cool get them before
the weather breaks oh he's like just
Park Parker they want they bump the low
baby they do what they want you know
what maybe it'll be done when it's done
all right I'm working
don't call me oh man what's he come on
was he playing I gotta see he is playing
a game counting down our final days
until winter officially hits and then
it's fun in the snow hopefully we get
some serious snow this year that we
popped you got a knock on it do the
special knock oh you knocking and
running huh and dun dun dun dun Gianna
bees do you wanna be's theremin
a theremin world's first and only
non-contact music instrument so you
don't have to touch it feel like
Skrillex right now dear so we are up
here to work on the game for a little
bit today um smiling has been a huge
success for all of us and we are going
to release our first new level which
will be around Christmas write an entire
Christmas package and then we're
releasing a new special character
tomorrow yeah as you're watching this
tomorrow's confusing so we're here to do
a bunch of that stuff today and there's
just so much to play with here I want
Cainta he's being so Shawn I come here
dude you drop the ball in and then you
battle to get it in the other players
goal down here
Oh sworn off you can't get it good job
Oh forty what you played this before
yeah it's like coming to the arcade in
the hardest part about coming here to
get work done is actually getting work
done yes nice try
I'm gonna stay here and get a little bit
of work done love you dude
I'll see you really soon okay this new
vehicle just really really locks them in
Manly this I love you I love you I love
you mama
I love you I'll see you soon okay All
Right see you soon if Karl brings you in
that car be careful
wha well that little bit faster than
yours ha ha ha this little guy tough
dirty what's up I know mines filthy - so
what were over here working on today is
you guys know christmas is coming up so
smiling is gonna have a very big
Christmas theme for the month of
December you actually play in the snow
and all the characters will be different
I want to show you at least one
character this is Brittany for the Chris
and this may not be the final this is a
work in progress but uh this is gonna be
miss Britt oh yeah
mrs. mrs. Claus who are you looking at
oh the back man that can't be right
so if you guys are following the game
you know we're doing constant updates we
got a new once at a big one Saturday fun
one we're is tomorrow who is it she's
gonna be in the game I don't know I
don't know I really don't know
okay so Roman doesn't know that I took
over his cameras he's taking a dump
oh we heard oh yeah yeah product
placement product listen yeah so anyway
uh yeah all right guys um I've got a
special delivery
mr. girls you oh we got oh that's right
please no idea how to turn this thing
off uh you just oh wait oh no I think
you should have brought the smaller car
dude this is the trunk
ah we got the amazing two mil and
48-hour poster made and there's nowhere
to put it
could it just maybe in the passenger
seat with me well we could put it in the
back by the engine but no it'll get hot
yeah oh yeah I love seeing the motor in
the back huh so cool just drive drive
with it on your side like that yeah
there you go giggling oh my gosh you
know did your family man now huh oh yeah
you have a kid this is that this isn't
that kid-friendly
at least the GTR has a backseat yo guys
thank you
oh that that's cool we can just hold it
right there fun so we're gonna have some
read on it live-action gameplay here
it's gonna be head you I'm so actually
I'm so proud of this and so honored to
be able to hang this up it's just two
million dollars in less than 48 hours is
pretty unheard of it's pretty hard to do
and because of you only because you guys
we get they have a poster like this it's
amazing yeah you know we're gonna have
to make a bunch of these up and send
some out to you oh you might have to
sign some
hey dude
jiminy is that what these are awesome
you know what those are those are the
shoes I want to remember to tune Romans
you got white shoes there you can at
least what my left of my boots on my
feet were like swollen and really
hurting oh well you need longer socks
yeah longer socks uh-oh
there's the baby Brittany just had to
hold the baby did look you held the baby
you held everybody's baby and now you're
having a baby I mean it really is true
baby fever is real yeah it's real thing
it's so contagious so guys if you want
to have a baby just have your girl hold
other people babies we don't want to
have a baby avoid contact with other
babies it's crazy
well buddy welcome to the Future right
here he should be like already this is
like happened already yeah I should put
it like a eight months later ten months
later ten months later ten ten that was
a good dinner I feel good we're losing
light so fast now that's how you know
it's winter that's how you know the
winter is coming when the sunshine is
gone dude you got some funky looking
hand boy
Oh your head boy I figured on the way
home would be a good time to just stop
for a second and I know today's war it's
pretty laid-back and a lot of it's just
business things I got to get done and
normally what new on camera but since
I'm coming back to blogging I might as
well do it thank you guys so much for
the overwhelming amount of support
towards um the pregnancy I'm having a
baby baby baby baby as far as the online
world goes and you guys the amount of
support blew my mind um just
not even really sure how to say other
than just thank you so so much there's
no wait for me to I'm really bad at this
I'm always I'm always bad it I always
tell you guys I don't have the right
words to explain how I feel and that's
so true in the situation we posted the
video of the announcement and I don't
know when you put things out like that
into the internet you just don't know
what you're gonna get you guys were just
always shocking me with such positive
response it's amazing so I am a little
emotional and the terms we're having a
baby in the amount of support it's just
got me and so there's so much love
around us thank you guys what's going on
what's going on with year the breaks
baby yeah you're Mali gonna stop
you're almost stopped everybody else is
moving I think the little squeaky
squeaky cuz you're hitting your brakes
look baby don't argue with me in front
everybody it's cuz there's a car pulled
Oh Roman and Brittany have an argument
ah rubber what's going on what's going
on who's that who's that
hey boy what's up dude
flashy where's flash nothing oh we got
in the store hey baby
we have a we have an entire night shift
now at the smiler so we have day shift
and night shifts a flash hangs out with
them mostly by hey you bunch of me book
anybody that one one of our giveaway
live drop me giveaways this is all being
next day air tomorrow to live me and
they are shipping everything so we're
taking this out right now is ship it
well at least package it up for tomorrow
hi everybody
so I'd say hi to the daily vlog
Brittany's gonna bring out a dress but
this needs next day air tomorrow Oh
homeland huh this is cold you get this
yeah this is awesome you know we can get
rid of the candles they've been there
forever probably just covered - Kevin
that's cool like yeah love is a good
message did you see what else it's a
good reminder no sir opening I just they
were sticking out tit wait this is it we
start right here start right here yep
that's the one Oh bag guy yeah he's
going in it's like a building time guys
we're gonna build Ella copper that's
right leave this that guy right there
I'll be bad oh oh we're time we're time
ain't great next score wins the game Ivy
you just barely I barely beat you good
game
now dad now me and you daddy
okay whoa that's a good one you get past
my guys yeah
Kane you're the red can't go paint had a
bit of a warm-up in the last round with
mommy he's eight to nine with the left
can you got it you scored for daddy
oh no surplus surplus you didn't even
finish your Lego building before we went
on the building man you got the baby
foosball out instructed us it's called
table foosball ah he's pretty good at it
too
I know ready all right can we only need
two more one more
you gotta pay attention oh that's it
King we did it see I'm taking the trophy
Oh loser get anything just that uh as
much as I'd like to tell you guys we're
about to do something really awesome we
just aren't we're gonna sit here we're
gonna build Legos we're gonna hang out
for just a little longer and call it a
day
um I promise you I'm working to get back
on track I really am I needed a little
mental break and uh and boy was it nice
man I just can't stress how amazing it
was Phillip phone shut up um I know that
you are fully on board with my decisions
and I just can never thank you enough
first thanks for being here we're gonna
get back on track back to the fun stuff
back to just family family family family
everything that is up that's my goal
right there so we love you we will see
you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
small one
hey go put that baby to sleep baby needs
sleep baby needs
you
