okay what is going on what is this we
hit nine million subscribers he was like
that's yesterday that was yesterday that
was it what is so this is a crazy nine
nine no thank you I'm scared
smile whoa that is awesome yeah look
came Zaku home made out of balloons
I give me something pop this with hey
congratulations
on hitting nine million subscribers on
YouTube we are so proud of you your
friends at studio 71 us woo I have to
remind my management that they're a day
late well they called if you want to say
like oh so welcome to the vlog guys
today is I told you I was promised you
that I was going to announce something a
project that I've been working on
forever and not just me I'm talking
about my whole thing this is a family
project mom dad brother Britney kids all
of us this is something that we have put
a lot of time and just made it so fun
for us and it's something that we have
done for a long time and now we're
actually turning it into something for
you so I'm nervous about this I'm super
excited I've literally spent almost the
whole day trying to figure out how I'm
telling you guys this and I've even had
time to prepare for it I'm still like I
don't know what to say
see you guys know firsthand that I am
all about family and I'm all about
getting more family time spending time
as a family whatever it is I'm always
pushing it on you guys sit down play a
game you know watch a movie together
turn off your phones for 20 minutes and
just speak and I've been really driven
to push more family life on you guys you
guys know I'm all about trying to get
more time with my kids and Brittany and
my parents and my brother and his kids
and that's who I am as a person and over
the last year you guys can clearly see
that my content has become cleaner my
videos are driven to create fun
environment where a parent can watch
with their kid or you guys can watch
with your parents and it's just
something my passion has been pulling me
to and that is
creating fun clean content even if it's
sitting with your family watching my
vlogs I mean that's something fun and I
wanna I want to always have that place
for you guys I'm excited I'm nervous is
it like the two words that come to mind
excited and nervous I'm ready I'm just
gonna show you this is from my family
all of my family to your family let's do
more family things I'm going to show you
a quick video of what we created it's
silly it's goofy it don't take it too
serious but it's fun and we had fun
making it as a family to present you
guys with this all these boxes just
caught on fire um should we call a fire
department
hey guys i'm roman atwood welcome to my
home this is my beautiful family
brittany kane no up my brother Dale my
mom Sue and my father Kurt and this is
more and pieces war and pieces the fun
family game of skills building and
destruction build your fortress assemble
your army and defend your block soldiers
from enemy attack launch your catapult
knock out all enemy soldiers and win
coming soon directly to your home but
only if we hit our Kickstarter goal
every pledge house I think a good place
to start is where this game came from
how as a family did we come up with a
game like this you started making these
stackers and it flourished some memories
from my father's childhood of what they
actually used to do with them what did
you do when we were kids my brother used
to have a bunch of dominoes and we would
build these castles and then build
weapons to destroy them
last-man-standing
always one to start the game each player
selects a block color and a build map
and must use all their 50 blocks to
build a huge Tower next you assemble
your army by hiding your soldier blocks
on top of your tower the first player to
finish placing all their blocks gets to
go first in the attack phase you get to
launch your catapult and try to knock
out all your opponent's soldiers but
beware some soldier blocks have hidden
power bonus stickers on their back the
player with the last soldier standing
wins so guys one of the coolest things
about this entire game is the fact that
my brother Dale actually manufactures
every single block to the game it's all
made right here alright guys so this is
what you're getting you're getting the
warrant pieces box 50 blue stackers 50
red stackers 5 soldier blocks each you
get the stone ammo you get the catapult
you get one wall that you'll battle back
and forth to collect 4 game mats each
one has a different building option but
this is just
prototype that's actually true this is
the product this isn't the actual box if
you're familiar with Kickstarter do you
know there is unlockables we are going
to be working hard to come out with
awesome new things as this campaign runs
through like this is one of the
up-and-coming unlocks and it is a big
Archer boded each time we unlock another
level everybody that has already bought
the game also receives the next unlock
every time something is added and we
unlock it you get it we need you to make
this legit and official let's unlock all
the challenges let's hit all the
achievements the more we unlock the more
you get for your game what makes this so
special to us is that this is a game
that we designed as a family for your
family and you can enjoy it you can sit
down together brother on brother battle
mom versus dad this is like a fun sit
down cause some chaos and have a blast
getting where it counts
so guys it's our first game ever check
it out we're on the box Noah you look
like Noah we're so excited to release
this to you guys we've worked really
hard on it obviously this is just a
prototype box that we had made and this
isn't an actual like box that you get
you get a really cool box but these are
our mats and our our game pieces and
this is just stuff that we've put
together ourselves but when you get the
game you're gonna get it all and it's
gonna be official this awesome catapult
we had made shouldn't mommy shoot mommy
get her get her okay get him
fire so guys this isn't like a game that
accompany maimed and we're pitching it
to you this is our game that we have
created as an entire family and we are
bringing it to you personally and I'm
just so excited about it man let's do
some family stuff you always talk about
like things that you can do with your
family so this is like our master
planner it is it really is this is an
actual game we play together that we've
created into one box and you get it
unfortunately you're not going to get
these cool zip locks it's like just the
way we packaged it this is like the
ultimate Christmas gift parents play
with your kids kids play with your
parents everybody that orders this will
get it before Christmas which is massive
I've been told no matter what you'll get
it your versions will be much cooler
these won't be paper we just print
literally printed these on paper for
your mats like where you have to build I
am putting please everybody right now
click on the top link in my description
it's the first link you see go check out
this game just go check it out it is so
fun for everybody uh grandpa's can play
it grandma's can play it little kids can
play it it's just so fun to pull that
catapult back and crush everybody's
Castle so please smash that link go get
this game you'll get it before Christmas
and let's make this so official and you
can also play flip box flip box with it
this is where you just take the box and
you flip it back
totally making that out I would not be
coming to you this excited I know we did
put so much time into this game so much
effort even the artwork was so much fun
we had made I will be over at
Kickstarter 8 p.m. Eastern Time live on
the Kickstarter page click the link go
check it out and then tonight at 8 p.m.
tonight 8 p.m. Eastern I will be live on
the page you'll have to sign up you
don't have to sign in just go to the
page that's in the top wing and I'll be
there hanging out with you guys talking
about the game playing the game you name
it we're going to be there having fun
get this game before Christmas play it
with your family play it with the kids
kids destroy your parents at this game
parents destroy the kids it's so fun and
that's all I got that's all I got and
we're releasing our first game it's a
big deal he's like I guess it is nope
I hope you and your family have a blast
with this I really do it's so fun I
can't wait to see your pictures playing
and building your castles and building
your your war like what are you doing
perfed eggs hard-boiled eggs looks so
good right now covered in salt salt and
governments also an idea Noah Wyle we
just tell them about your game because
most people have caught on already -
what's it called find the dab yeah find
the back behind the dab ok so lately
every day in the vlogs Noah has been
dabbing somewhere in the vlogs and we've
actually turned into a game I love you
to figure it out I think Noah's doing
this as a game so we're just gonna tell
you now it is a game and somewhere in
every vlog lately Noah has been dabbing
so has it happened today yes it has I do
have to ask you guys for one quick favor
any time I do something very positive or
uplifting or do some for other people
you can't believe how much it brings out
the hate it brings out so much hate in
people I don't know if it's jealousy I
don't know what it is whatever it is we
just push it off usually but today
releasing this game for you and your
family I know that it's gonna bring a
certain level of hate so if you support
us if you support trying to bring
families closer together please give
this video a like give this some love
man because I know the haters are going
to sit back and
back there crap I have you guys and
that's all that really matters so thank
you guys in advance smash them love onto
this video and uh yeah so there you have
it guys the announcement is our first
game and it's it's it really is a family
project that we have made and done
ourselves and we're bringing it to you
and your family enjoy it have fun with
it make this something you guys do
together when you turn off your phones
for 20 minutes or this is that excuse
man this is that excuse to have a little
one-on-one time with your with your
parents or parents with your kids or
brothers you can you can team up with
your little brothers and and attack your
sisters castles and like let's make this
so fun and send me pictures of this
stuff guys
so again top link in the description
check this game out we will be updating
the cool thing about kickstart if you
don't know what Kickstarter as
Kickstarter is like where you go to
create something you're still working on
so the game is what you see a printed
box with Ziploc bags of stackers and
printed pieces of paper kickstart is
where we're going to go and update this
game every single day new challenges new
things that we have to do as a team this
is like a huge team effort to make this
game so official I have to be honest
with you I am filming this now the next
morning so I'm now cutting into
tomorrow's vlog for this so I need to
wrap it up and start tomorrow's vlog
again I can't thank you guys enough for
supporting my family with this when you
buy this game you're supporting my
brother's Factory making all the
stackers you're supporting us and you're
having fun yourself so check it out top
link in the description check our page
every day because we're going to be
doing updates and new challenges and
when them challenges are complete we
unlock new things for the game which you
will receive if you've gotten the game
so it's really cool it's a fun project
it's not just buy the game and you're
done it's buy the game and we're gonna
keep adding to it and at the end of
those 30 days you get everything that's
been added to the game as well so have
some fun with this guys thank you for
everything
help me make this game a masterpiece
send your ideas send your suggestions
you can put that all on Kickstarter
let's do this we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
smile more
that's pretty tough with my cast Oh Zeus
how do you do
