welcome welcome welcome welcome to the
vlog guys we are we're about to pull off
kind of a big challenge video and one of
the biggest pieces to that video has
just arrived and I didn't think it would
be here right now so here we go oh
that's cold blood hey is that keeping
you warm is that keeping you warm though
I'll make sure everybody's warm out here
I'll let you know we got some goodies
coming done you got open it right now
oh my god I was gonna do like this whole
vlog thing about this but they just
they're here so let's do it let's get
out I'm waiting I'm with you let's not
wait your net sponsorship is great all
right go get it so I'm inside I'm inside
the house I hear like beep beep then I
feel the guys out here and then I see
the semi truck and I'm like oh we're
about to have a lot of fun but we
weren't planning to do this till
tomorrow dude monster moto hooking us up
what do you think of that I should have
got you this the first place like this
is the first time I got you the bike
babe I don't I feel like you're safer on
four wheels this is a supreme is it well
I don't even know what that pedal does a
lot of guessing Green is green has
always go read his stuff I'm sorry
awesome oh here's something crazy
these things have a clutch for hours
okay so here's the quick story we were
looking for go-karts I was like we need
go-karts and then the company that sent
us the mini bikes make go-karts now they
are small therefore I think these are
just for kids which is even better for
what we want to do with it
yo they did a great job on the looks
that thing looks so fun like I just want
to beat it I want to ramp it take it
down this see if you even
but you know what I think the question
are you gonna fit in it oh I don't think
I wanna you've played Mario Kart I have
yeah do you know the character that
likes it's blaze up like this drives
like yeah yeah I'm just I'm just saying
that maybe you could be that character
so be that character what we're doing
we're basing it's not gonna happen til
tomorrow we can't do it till tomorrow
although we can play today our actual
plan is for tomorrow and that is a
basically like Mario Kart we're gonna
race oval race on the pond with many go
karts that is the goal for this project
and it's a winner-take-all huge things
at stake here on this race guys this is
the real deal and should this make sure
the switch is on okay yeah it's good
ready anchor oh listen to them horsies
listen to them horses oh been in the
back of a semi truck for a few days so
nice and quiet you drive these in a
house do it I see don't see if you sit
in there give me your foot thank you no
you got this is not bad really like
Diddy Kong yeah
oh my gosh stuck in the bog here we go
oh yes yes yes oh this thing moves dude
Oh baby come here you like it I love you
you want a ride take it for oh my gosh
flash just fell come here bud you
staying out of that Creek
you got Creek waters making you crazy
hey try to sit in it it's super big dude
you would fly in this thing it's got its
got some move I'm gonna hit it there you
go
you're gonna free so fast oh my god he
just took off she laughing so hard oh my
gosh yeah she was meant for this thing
yeah you look like you couldn't stop is
it is it fun all right we got three more
to put together and we will be ready
ready to rock tires I guess oh man yeah
we gotta start all yo quick question do
we figure eight the pond so that there's
a middle section or do we just do oval
track Oh ovals imagine the figure eight
know that where there's potential to
pull the little daredevil king crazy
Kane double-oh-seven
reached yeah no it's perfect dude you
look awesome in them goggles go ahead
hey buddy little pen right it matches
your outfit man that's awesome of course
we got go-karts that were meant for kids
that's what's gonna make what we're
going to do very very comical I think it
would make it more funny than if we were
on full-size of Dalton go-karts switch
think gainers you are good dude we're
gonna build the coolest track you've
ever seen it's gonna be like a real
Mario track studing them out so you get
that grip on that ice cane stud in the
tires house we got ice traction ready
there you go
push all right so a little bit of time
we've got all the tires are studded out
every single one of them got studs we
only put one row in the back not a ton
of torque on these guys most importantly
is steering so most uh so three I don't
know how many front tires are done and
then we're color coordinated green car
blue car per oh you're not done with
those ones but it'd look cool man this
is gonna be fun fun race fun idea yo
what about what about go-cart hockey
go-cart hockey yeah and you could only
you can only play with your go-cart
sticks
mama-mama coming in with the save right
here
holy moly Wow Wow
look at this box of breadsticks dude no
no no pretty sure it's not
that's right tell them tell them all
left what's left
how much boss is babji's that's what
those are for huh chopsticks new grip
hold that he could grab the noodles make
this yeah do it do it yeah ramen noodle
sea bean noodle grab rod
d'Arnaud noodles there you go boy that's
perfect you guys know what time it is
canes already getting into how many
seven your Wed you got two eleven today
one more one more
good job man mom are you ready are you
ready you can start it one you can start
okay so yesterday we started the push-up
challenge where we're gonna add one
push-up each day and I told you we
started at 10 pretty modest number if
you can't do 10 start at whatever number
you get if you want to start at 1 start
at 1 it's not too late to jump in we're
gonna do 11 today tomorrow we're gonna
do 12 13 14 and so on and so on you guys
want to join me nothing I'm gonna go to
11 we're gonna go all year 360 push-ups
dude I know it's true it's true I I need
some motivation oh you're feeling cool
you've been our baby
oh hi beautiful my two favorite ladies
in the whole yo she's gettin big look
how long she's gettin in you're just
gonna watch country do it that's it yeah
fair enough
let's go let's do it only 11 Cain
already did his guys do it with us as a
family
nitro did it geez I guess just get down
wherever we want you ready to do it Cora
you and jump man she's like what are we
going we all got to get in we're all
doing it together with these guys you
guys are doing it to everybody on the
floor let's go to 11
Oh gave him almost joining us all right
let's see if we can all get in here
brick you'll have to pretty much stay
where you're at
huh
you tried you tried to do one yeah I did
it again okay let's go go right beside
you
let's try it okay here we go I hope you
make it to 11 or whatever your number is
just add one each day tomorrow we do 12
and that's it simple you got it mama
good job man that's right you're gonna
feel good in about two minutes okay be
careful she just a tough girl ready
ready ready ready 1 2 ready go to mommy
my cracker she is come on Jimmy so do
good boy there she goes there she goes
oh flashing you jealous you got a
step-over flash me no you can't just
walk into mommy
oh man that's gonna be wild when she's
walking good job little girl she just
like what is this oh my gosh I just went
through a sneezing fit you know when you
just start sneezing and you can't stop
and usually I sneeze twice every time I
sneeze I sneeze twice I never sneeze
once or three times I seize twice but
this time I just sneeze like over and
over and over
okay so what I want to do is I want to
bring you guys I haven't done a current
day vlog for a while Wow hasn't been
that long but I haven't done I want to
bring you guys into tomorrow morning
because I want to show you what we're
working on with the go kart so I'm gonna
bring you in we're gonna cut it right
we're gonna go into the morning it's
gonna be like a split second to you but
to me it's gonna be an entire night it's
weird
so here we go we're gonna jump to
tomorrow I will see you in a split
second sure and just like that guys
welcome back it's been a whole night for
me in a split second like I said for you
sometimes I get so many ideas in my head
I try to cram them all into one day and
I kind of spoiled this whole race idea
so what I'm gonna try to do right now
since I've already told you guys and
showed you guys the cars I'm gonna
basically plow with the scoop a
beautiful oval racetrack onto here and
here's something I'm super bummed about
I ordered like every single type of
costume everything from Mario Brittany
was gonna be Princess Peach country over
here was gonna be Donkey Kong or Bowser
or we got all kinds of suits they all
don't come till Monday so we have to do
this race with just us it kind of took a
little bit of the fun out of it but
we're gonna try to have a blast today so
let's get this pawn plowed out and
continue
all right so I got the trackbill it
looks great perfectly wide for the
go-kart race I think it's gonna be
exactly perfect
not all flat listen to you and he bet me
a hundred dollars yesterday that these
things might be flat rears I got the
rears front look they're all flat okay
so here's what we're gonna do today
we're gonna we're gonna get these things
warmed up get them out there and test
this out and then I have I have to end
this so that we can start today's and
the real race will be in tomorrow's
vlogs unfortunately I kind of swirled it
it is my fault I told everybody else
like I screwed up I should do go-karts a
day early so this is kind of a teaser
but um it's still gonna be a lot of fun
we're gonna be all these out here you
gonna take it out to the track all right
check it out there for me here there
Morrissey's this is gonna be so fun for
the kids I kind of designed it around of
the adults but I know that the kids are
gonna have just as much fun even when
we're not doing it they're gonna be out
here they're gonna be living on it oh
great
that's awesome and here comes Kane
outlet around lap one he's pulling the
lead actually he's in first place zip on
here we go a bullet in chases off the
truck here we go pull him up this apex
on the straightaway
I'm off the track
come on kid hop in hop in buddy I went
off the track you got a B now go for it
okay so I'm gonna let the carts warm up
gotta get some helmets gonna get some
paint so we can make a starting line
finish line I'm gonna make this a real
on race result kids for everybody wants
to be involved so being said that we
have to say goodbye today so that I can
start tomorrow's vlog so you have a
great vlog coming tomorrow as well we
love you guys so much who do you thinks
gonna win the race out of just about
everybody that you always seen these
blogs will probably out here racing so
throw your votes in the comments we will
see huh that'll do it for sure that's a
piece if excited we love you guys so
much thank you for everything you're
beautiful one oh god smile more
you
