welcome to the vlog guys we are just
getting started we're actually starting
today's vlog exactly where yesterday's
vlog left off yeah my boy Noah and I are
going to the hollow immediate hey what's
up ladies owned in the zone an
electronic log electronic world come to
real life come to real life it's your
father speaking okay hi
oh where we going where we going Oh
store costume shop you want to go
trick-or-treating tomorrow you sure you
don't like make something like make your
own costume paint your face I got spray
paint dude can paint you up any color
you want
thinking about that one but you rather
not yeah maybe next year okay next year
we've just been goofing off hanging out
did a little cone track for Kane today
Kane also just started hit our little
ramps with his four-wheeler so
come on mommy came in he was like just
two more days and he's ready to race
it's what he said two more days I'm
ready to race that was like last week
hey I'll be right back
my take no over I love you why he beat
you so bad you pick it up hey
I just want to say bye you won't stop
for anything hey dude you having fun I
love you I'll be right back your kick
you're kicking Ami's but by the way I
even got the old LTZ for a hundred out
man I've had that thing forever somehow
it still starts you just push it and it
starts it's like twelve years old it's
as old as you
that's that can't even be true because I
got that Club before you were born I got
it before you were born that means it's
thirteen maybe even 14 years old I took
a massive loan out on it I couldn't even
afford the four wheeler like I was
paying massive payments I'm so in debt
on that four-wheeler oh we learned the
hard way are you ready used to race me
when you were a little kid remember yeah
we take enou to school and he would buck
o'neil I beat you and every morning
would be who buckled first spray this
little dust bunny off dude it's a mess
loud get it get it
this car sits so much in the garage you
can get all in the dust
got worse I have this song stuck in my
head dude I have a pan I have an apple
Oh Apple pan hope you guys are having
such a good day taking my buddy to get a
new costume for Halloween it's just
coming up he's 1 trick-or-treating
tomorrow he also likes spraying off my
car and I have absolutely no problem
with that so it's the perfect situation
what are you dressing up for this year I
I don't even know how I'm going or doing
anything we have it we haven't really
decided Noah's old enough that he just
goes with his friends and Kane has like
no interest in like read last time we
went he did like three houses and he's
like I'm done looking good dude looking
good oh no dryers buddy we have to do
this your fashion way 3,000 miles per
hour or are you just going the outside I
do that for like eight hours
dude I feel like we're kind of late in
the game for Halloween casa es gone dude
three days ago I was a goodness you
think they're gonna have your suit you
want
was it my little pony Little Mermaid
what was it oh so we meet again we meet
again it was the dead thing is crazy
he was corner of the house and you're
doing our thing and all here is yeah
felt good in him what is this creepy
clown markers all their lights hey we
should get one of these for Kane's room
let's be nice in his room right shake my
hand in our brains really that
small yeah yours probably is
you sure doesn't gonna drag me around
this isn't a bad idea actually come with
me come with me to the dungeon all the
good stuffs downstairs let's take this
elevator let's take the elevator that's
pretty cool it sure is a magical time of
year outside Halloween's kind of creepy
now dude like it's it's it's creepy like
there's no kind of battle what do you
look at that light sparkly lights how
creepy how but like zombie babies eating
like fingers and stuff creepy dude did
you totally lucked out he got the very
came here to me what's what's the guy's
name uh it's Jacob Frye from the new
Assassins Creed yes he got the last one
the last sword and the last pasta well
that went really really smooth we got
his costume I guess we'll just head back
home yeah all right that's why you don't
do the manual dry method right there
just let the cart ride
you sweets are the water flies off your
car that drew yes dude the new guy on
our game this guy's brand-new the
headless Roman huh little Halloween
update I never played as a different
person because I would play
Oh your orange blood there is a brand
new update on our smile in-game if you
already have the game just update your
app it is totally free and we're getting
ready to drop a giant character pack
with some really cool people in it oh I
got it don't speaking a smile Inc I
didn't show you this oh yeah I got it I
got hello greeted by the beasts well
well well looks like they're asleep I
really don't want to wake mommy up with
the tickles
mmm check this out actually you guys
have never even seen this either okay
and check this out turn some lights on
is like a cave in here what you guys
doing I've never even seen that I had it
since the before the game came out they
printed it look at that poster dude dude
okay here I'll lay it on the flip is
that cool yeah dude you're on there look
at you guys having giant smiling posters
put it up in the game area or we could
uh we have to maybe we give one away it
doesn't look that fun to ship though
it's like a giant tube I don't know how
we'd ship it we could definitely figure
out a way to give one of these away
yes one just cut every little piece
then they get a day of the tape Rolex oh
that would be such a bad idea I think
once you go out in a smaller store yeah
it's Friday night we're gonna head over
to my brother's think we're gonna load
Cain's quad up you want to take that
dude your friend let me look at you
mami painted his face as spider-man
today and the redness is still there
it's good face to feet whoa
ready Wow you're in right into the box
all right I got you loaded up little
buddy hey that were your sin oh you
think so
yeah we go have some fun why am I
talking like this yeah dude let's go
when the kids get to an age where you
just hop on a quad and go I think if
they just came out three years old I'd
have like a hundred it's the baby stages
so ah dinnertime baby
dinner time lasagna mama's lasagna just
got to my brother's Dale just lasagna
Brit I've no idea what kids are gone
come on Kings by ramblas quad in your
pool definitely having the poor sounds
like mom and dad just got here deal hey
guys oh hey hi family in the house by
Trick or Treat smell my feet give me
something good to eat
block bar alright guys I've got a lucky
sour extreme warhead and wants it
sourdough no not at all
you're the only one tough enough hey not
too bad right oh that's it ow dude you
took that like a champ not sour to lunch
blast off
that doesn't look sour you see hmm so
what you got here big old ice shredder
yeah I shredder what if we put like 20
popsicles in it make
come on Dale comp up them sickles
language
that's awesome
who will take this to the face out on
the deck means you'll do it down the
shirt no it's gonna get let's go sure I
won't do I mean some might go down but
I'm gonna aim for your face
it's no coning we're gonna snow cone
Noah Oh ready
I'm only don't hear them get him get him
get him
we made us snow face and ready
oh I feel it's actually refreshing it's
really refreshing yeah yeah I do that
already go that's really refreshing come
on dad you got a nice aware that you
know a minute ago I was tired but now
with the new snow cone method I'm wide
awake and ready to party what'd you
think of that King show me a little
frizzy
I'm nom nom nom
everybody smashes their face at the same
time the first person to come up loses
the last person to come up wins all
right you do when you hold it the
longest you win Hey all right there so
ever gonna hold it so long enough when
you ready come on games B when you think
you can't go no longer go longer three
two one go how's it feel
oh no ataxic we shoulda told him I ain't
nothin oh he just keep the boy he's got
ice cream headaches more oh it's a smile
more keyboard do the Rope do the mousy
one
oh hey you smile more jaws there's free
psychotic we got a psycho sinus psycho
stuff how do you come up with that oh
I'm in trouble killing all the zombies
zombies are good for something you just
mowing down time to pack her up for the
night guys what a good day
what do you mean the Box got torn up
what do you mean the box got torn up oh
my gosh flap what not that what oh my
gosh flesh no open it that bad one you
tell me don't you even talk to me like
that I want to know what Zeus is doing
when this is going on I know he's laying
there like oh you messed up oh you mess
it up
you better stop for everybody saying you
better buy your dog a dog toy so he
doesn't chew up your stuff dude meow
what do you call this bucket of love oh
gosh never mind
he said his way with just about
everything what is wrong with you oh so
bad so sort ofin ah a muscle how you
feeling huh I don't hurt on top oh yeah
iam flash do we have that um miss object
eyes I don't wanna sound like a baby but
you might your pacifier oh I just like
weighing stretch hey mom
oh that horse so clean dude
so much love man I'm so lucky on the
luckiest day in the world okay boys it's
been time no ma no it's never what's
there forever we don't need sleep yeah
yeah mommy likes Barbies yeah my friends
is time to go for tonight man I did
later it gets I meant taking anything
today no advil nothing that's why I got
through yesterday the later it gets just
some so sore man what am I gonna do get
in shape it huh I can't see myself doing
the regular workout routine like I need
something that just burns it like biking
and like I don't know Mount mountain
biking it's about to get cold like our
activities are about to change here it's
about to get cold and wintry and snowy
and wet and cold anyways we love you so
much thanks for hanging out with us
today on this I guess
Friday for us it's probably Saturday for
you or Sunday and just want to say hope
everything's going great man I'm not
every day is gonna be easy not every day
is gonna be the best day of your life
but you just keep pushing forward and
keep dreaming big dream bigger that's a
good one dream bigger no matter what you
think you want to do in life dream
bigger than that like Noah's dream was
to get that assassins free constant haha
moment tell me what you're dressing up
for I love reading those comments to see
all the crazy I like the homemade stuff
I really hear the homemade sounds really
cool
thanks for watching we'll see you
tomorrow you're beautiful I think today
is day eight so we are streak is
restarting date we're back up to eight
already I'll take it I'll take the eight
see you guys tomorrow man you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
you
