what's up guys welcome to the vlog as
Massino my tour is over I am in London
England right now and I'm travelling
home today and I'm excited to get home
all I want to do is just give what was
that all I want to do is get home you
guys know how excited I am and I don't
know if I got anybody because of that
blanket Brittany was like everybody
knows that blanket we are home Brittany
and I walk past the entire travel today
which also means our day is over like
literally it's dark out we spent all day
traveling we spent seven and a half
hours from London to Washington and then
from Washington to Ohio so we have been
on a plane all day but we are home and
all I wanted to do is just skip all of
that flash you look different than when
I left look different how do you how do
you get this long does he actually like
it she's so see hey boy flash flash come
here so guys welcome back to our home we
are back tour is over so it is back to
home vlogs family vlogs fun vlogs look
at these things this is the greatest
thing ever
how is Zune how is Zeus not eating these
things that is amazing doo-doo-doo-doo
don't dun dun dun dun yeah you had a
shark theme this week Oh is there
another shark in the garage you want to
go show yes
did you make a shirt watermelon
that is awesome so since we skipped
almost the entire day instead of not
uploading anything today traveling we
are uploading this we're home and I just
want to come on and say hi and update
you guys we made home safe there's a
whole bunch of new stuff here
this must be for you Noah got you
something oh you want to see it
Cain you got something - he's like Oh
would you bring me huh go whoa it's
tracker dude keeps track all your steps
it's like your thing you wear yeah Paul
it's waterproof
I see dude that is all and you made some
paintings this week hey dead over
yourself all by himself it looks like
something you made honestly rain Jane
Lane I love that come on down to Camlann
that's great whoa whoa I feel like Lori
she gets it's so fabulous
how did you do the rainbow hands Oh
Shona paint and made a huge map hand in
it and then like that gained his flash
mask you don't like it is it creepy
creepy flush here ha ha put this on no
it's not a puppet some ass
put that on see what Zeus does Zeus
who's that oh he's taking it out it
looks so funny it was like caca I just
don't eat it flush I don't know if I got
this one you got shipping now just put
your head on it just put put it over
your head do it
oh he really goes for it what oh my gosh
get it get the ball boy get the ball boy
well they're not Stan nope geez but as
you guys can probably tell I am I'm just
excited to be home I'm here and we
wanted to come on say hello let you know
we're home and it were safe and
everybody's happy and what was the great
it was the funnest thing you did all
week did - meant the night was on the
naismith and I went oh and would you do
we went to amaze you until May is like
corn maze wasn't just like grinds it was
shaped in as a UH person drummer boy
maze did that whole story just confused
me to death so guys as much as I want to
just vlog hang out with you guys today
we kind of just punched through the
through the tripi glad I'm home I missed
you so much little dude kind of want to
continue this blog through into tomorrow
but then it's gonna cut away from the
next vlog so let's start fresh or home
I've said that like 95 times you glad
I'm home boy are you glad I'm home as of
now as of right now we are like ten
thousand away from nine million subs I'm
just gonna thank you guys right now in
advance I wouldn't have anything that I
have without you guys so thank you for
being here thank you for always sharing
and liking these vlogs and being a part
of this family we are we're ready -
we're ready to turn it up man and go
hard I'm about to announce one of my
biggest projects of all time in two days
Wednesday Wednesday's vlog will be the
big announcement so that's like that's
all I got guys sorry for the short vlog
but we'll start fresh and get right back
on it we love you you are beautiful tell
me in the comments right now if you're
ready for the home vlogs no more tour
vlogs let's do it
we'll see you tomorrow keep a big smile
on your face keep pushing through keep
fighting the negativity what
boy we love you guys man we will see you
tomorrow bright and early you're one of
a kind smile more and this there's a
curtain
