welcome to the vlog guys I don't want to
waste a lot of time I want to get right
into this vlog because it's something
I've been wanting to do for a very long
time I hope you're excited I am like
ready flyways yeah what is that that's
what that's called
what do you call static oh I'm just
super excited today so I kind of want to
just bounce the location and get this
started and have some fun you ready
ready we don't need anything cameras you
got a poop hey have you ever uh have you
ever picked up a hitchhiker that's some
I've never done in an uber is pick up a
hitchhiker this is dude you want to pick
him up no don't wake him up don't think
enough don't pick him up shady no he's
good I wrote on Twitter but how do you
rolled out of it oh yeah you need a rod
yeah you guys uh going down the street
yeah yeah sick sick that is it cool
calm down are you ok Holly looks just
like look what's up what's your name
dude I love it yeah I told Logan not to
be Logan and the first thing says I'm
Logan oh I thought you said like don't
act like you look ok what should my name
have been my I was honestly was waiting
for you to say mark because mark is in
the car like him or some things I'll get
Tim we can redo it too
hey it's Tim hey guys they call me Tim
my name is Tim how you doing there's a
ramp off the front porch that goes down
the hill can anybody figure out where
I'm at right now this is from the movie
right here dude I remember that I am so
freaking excited right now guys Britt
this is what our backyards gonna look
like oh my gosh dude look at this foam
pit guys so we can find out soon find
out anybody but lives here it works here
this place is not excuse me
you live here what's up dude hey whoa
man this place is unbelievable not sup
it's a good place to a good place to
visit you have you've created a paradise
for craziness man Brit she's a sound off
I didn't like in shock are you gonna hit
the ramp outside no crap you got a
rock-bottom all to up in the foam pit or
you know whatever you want pretty much
motorcycles razors
Travis dudes thank you for having us
here we are I'm doing something that
I've wanted to do for a very long time
and I couldn't think of anybody better
to teach me than you now I know you've
had a little bit of experience on some
BMX and bicycles you ever done back no
all right so that is why we're here we
got some we added some extra fluff right
so we'll still know cuz I'm getting old
and I'm you talking about to say joints
are hurt like you're apart I I feel yeah
but you don't wreck I do
yeah so we're starting on this right
we're starting right here well you know
I think insides actually more dangerous
then you get the roll in
Oh Monica it is line I would personally
I want to just go big just go big
because that way if you mess up it's
epic pastor epic fail it's kind of
nature always work love it yeah look at
this garage Wow good for you
awesome is bigger okay um yeah you wreck
your bike but it's a lot more stable
okay so we got that over there I mean
it's good standard 20 amps BMX bike I'm
going with your suggestion my suggestion
will be this okay honestly um yeah well
yeah I mean you told her yeah six three
six yeah six three yeah you hit it you
lean back you coast all the way down
this hill all the way down the sill off
that ramp over there everyone goes oh I
won't hit the small ramp or the small
like slip and slide I'm like we didn't
make it smaller for you guys it's pretty
big
yeah how told us a lot eleven foot
eleven foot the beauty of it we added a
bunch of these love sacks
yeah so it's it's extra fluffy so what
could possibly go wrong
nothing can I can I can I see a test run
just do a drop whatever you do I'm gonna
do exactly that oh my God he's flying a
little bit oh my god that's it that's it
that's all after you fluffy ones are in
the center nice God it looks so smooth
in case you guys don't know I've always
wanted to do and learn how to do a
backflip on a bike oh I think you'll be
able to do it I am here at Travis
Pastrana's house going to learn are you
gonna try something you're not gonna hit
this ramp at all like on anything with
wheels
I mean I would I would pull it in the
water straight up and do that alright
well that's how you do Luxor lakes right
go back go back go back go back go back
go back go back your weight transfer
seal this is still kind of petty okay no
and so this is like alright that's back
room so a one start off normalization
one two three back flip see how that
comes up uh-huh that's it tip right at
the tip yeah you lean back early you're
not gonna hit your head on takeoff so
just went in the air once you're in the
air no matter what the weight of the
vehicle it feels like nothing everything
comes right around so so excited about
this oh my god you know um
really interesting so you come down this
hill you're going pretty fast you turn
this left hand turn most people
straighten up too soon and they're not
quite finished the turn okay so it's
really important to go as wide as you
can here get nice and straight we can
put a little arrow there because another
interesting fact here's a fun fact B huh
the center of the foam pit is the left
side of the ramp okay you can go another
whole ramp left and you're still fine
but if you go to things to the right
you're gonna have a bad day yeah all
right whatever you don't jump off
everyone's like I want to jump I jump
this not soft that soft so even if
you're upside down stay on the bike the
bike don't throw it god you're right
don't throw it good luck yeah Roman yeah
yeah yeah you know I wanted to build a
lot of like pipe into this blog but
we're just getting right into it
that was not your line on this Peter
strange ever watch never you've been out
the red is back the last time we just
wanted to go
everything with perfect I've completely
blurred out I can't see anything
same thing a little more main ok
parently I did pretty good for my first
try yeah nine point nine and a nice I'll
take that you guys there bring their
whole life that didn't get that water
yeah but they didn't have your
instructional video at the beginning
hey too hard cranks at the beginning
okay and then once you were here it was
perfect your nice laid out flip um but
if you pull the bars this step with it
backflipping 110 maybe there you go
when you go to flip you just stayed laid
out the whole time so now picture you
want to pull
pull your arms into your chest not it's
a tuck so right now you did a perfect
layout to play and you land it if it's
downside you probably written out but
since you're jumping into a love sex
you're going to want to land flat so
when you jump
what set that pull it in are you coming
up short pull it it either go faster or
tuck more
alright guys we're going up for our
second attempt Travis gonna take me up
to the guest the drop zone alright
oh yeah we've got a lot more speed
all right man I know you wanted one on
me and go for two and I'll but you know
I took a couple years
so you went faster sofa and you pulled
more sorry one or the other one of the
other now how many whether to Superman I
actually couldn't even put the bike left
this one foot back
all right so similar what you hear the
first time um you got you came in with
more speed that time it just shot out
from underneath you oh it was awesome
man I was full of whole x-games trick
but um same pulls the first time I think
with the more speedily perfect oh that's
right good luck
oh hey okay break when you leave back so
far it's all the retire but it is
rubbers safe touring sensation yeah
breaking welcome to the club balsa do we
have a tire I'm sorry not to film your
nether regions but what up is it a no
trip in the pants he we're good that
wasn't even a hard right dad is
impressive I continued to it fly
how that feel ah different different
different feeling that I'm used to
yes I plan to flip did plan to flip I
think that's gonna be way funnier than
that yeah has to be
it's gonna be a good one
yes we are getting somewhere
the last one I did too much that when I
did a hair too little I can give you a
quick pointer just the bar help so when
you put your pelvis to the bars it
actually stops the rotation and that
what I did there
well you took off you're like I'm not
quite around enough so instead of
bringing the bike with you
you left the bike behind okay get the
bar huh unfortunately that doesn't help
bring it around right so it's not like
you're trampling stop humping to Bahrain
Oh gonna hurt yo Roman straight going
for the double
he's a decade he'll commit commit commit
commit commit
you'll get on there Travis what would it
what is this and why are you bringing it
why okay so the bike only gets ugly what
sorry dude I can't I can't
that's Justin let you know hushpuppies
she's my baby I mean I just I don't like
hutchman we get hurt but all the other
ones are broken so you're gonna get to
ride my bike basically this weighs 160
pounds the bicycle you were jumping wait
about 30 so they're really almost
identical and and what are you asking
here what do you what are you suggesting
I do I'm just I just drew it on the you
know near the area to see what would
come of it and you said that you thought
you can backflip it successfully back
like very brazing alright so anyway this
is 110 cc motorcycle weighs about 10
times as much as what you were just
jumping there's a throttle there's some
other elements but at the other day I
think you got it is that final advice or
is there more to come first for you was
yes love that make sure that it doesn't
die on me in the bike works no everyone
else ever held the bike is broken him I
cannot believe how worn out I actually
am I'm not out of breath
holes in my legs are hard that's one fit
dude I'm here for you man you know I'm
here for I gotta wear nicer helmet but
I'm starting to like you as much as you
like me I just look at my shoulder two
weeks goes penny play that should be
almost healed you're good it's like as
heavy as a real bike what
for me to do this I told him he asking
you a double and he said I can't believe
you talked me in there but that's like a
normal that's like taking a shower for
him yeah I'm gonna go take a shower you
double oh my god what so much scary how
good he is
I'm guessing that's not the speed that
I'll be gone oh did he came in I was
like it so fast it's so fast
I got it in all Coast down we'll add the
sound effects of the bike in and post go
from second gear mid throttle second
gear mid throttle just yeah about about
3/4 and I'm and I'm not just jumping I'm
gonna attempt a backflip in this way is
it ton more so yeah if you're gonna
crash you might as well look good do it
you'll be dropping that right arm pulls
your right shoulder down and has a
tendency to make a turn right the only
thing that I will tell you those two
things one don't turn right matter what
you an upside down doesn't matter just
stay on the bike make sure you're going
straight and do not like look like if
you let go the bike you land it lands
and when you land on the wheels and it
works perfectly the first time this ball
oh boy yeah it's just going to work it's
going to I have a lot of patience
Oh
right out on a man right out get your
glory right out right out yeah
three-sixty that was many times do
people actually land at first try and
never ever do honestly did that doesn't
happen I read the other day like it
could happen but it doesn't happen no
one ever lands their first flip attempt
on here so I mean that is ah we always
tell people that it's going to but we
always live us huh I would have never
done this in my entire life and I never
thought I'd get to do with you dudes
thank you man thanks seriously whoo yeah
it would only happen here please is it's
a fairground of trouble
how about it rings all right whatever oh
yeah as soon as I get like soon as this
adrenaline wears off let's get it back
up keep it going
I think we should keep this just keep
going right before all right here's the
thing
Travis I think you have more bad ideas
than I do and I'm getting to be kind of
known for bad ideas you know I was
really surprised this trailer the tables
are turned on me here in my house all
right double over here so I like that
that is also why I'm you're going on the
razor ride with me
look now yourself at this view this is
look this is insane I think the most
dangerous part about this ride is
actually uh
Cody's I gaffing right now says that
flies off and lands in my fate have a
helmet huh yeah we'll be working guys
so you don't want to go
really I don't I don't want to go
no way bro Bob why
unbelievable
unbelievable whoa whichever will show
the first I'll say first time I thought
you guys were going over really high job
what what this is this is to me insane
right here you've just put the most
ridiculous or a 14-foot tall ramp it's a
78 degrees which is which is nice we
normally go to a big fluffy airbag but
now we're going to big fluffy love sacks
love it so I'm just worried that I'm
gonna go in between one love sack and
the other livestock and and old I'm not
as optimistic as I should be right now
oh my gosh Travis is about to hit this
completely ridiculous ramp in my job as
soon as he lands to jump in get this
hook on the bike and get it pulled out
sounds pretty easy right he said just
dive in and hook the bike here we go
this is gonna be awesome dude
what yes
case you guys didn't see that because my
camera clipped he almost didn't make the
pit it was terrifying that he landed
right up front and he's supposed to be
bailing like Superman so that's part of
the plan but his body just his body just
barely made that is so scary
oh my yeah we're good
how do you even at what point realize
you can do that bro I don't know
especially because like I asked him
before I look you got three like yeah
first take he lands a foot away fuck
this hey everyone's our stuff so we have
a little bit of a break from just
hanging out there setting up another
another Kurt dude it's just non-stop
here man hit Tony ed from I will admit
we have a fun backyard and we do a lot
of fun things but this backyard is
next-level but I'm very inspired this is
inspiring to me this whole trip I'm
freaking out because I recognized so
much of this backyard because of all the
videos I've seen all the Nitro Circus
videos just everything I followed them
forever and to be here right now you
guys can probably tell I'm so happy I'm
so just feel so lucky to be doing this
stuff I'm climbing this mega ramp whoo
hi babe a so travis has his
four-year-old daughter on the bike this
is one of the most impressive things
about these two it's crazy
ha ha you think she's okay like he just
threw his daughter right off there I'm
sure he's done yes so we're it was the
dummy guys it was a fish
oh my god it's so much life maybe good
ah just push a gas back wow that's
awesome try to spin try to spin there
you hit hit the ramp just keep going
keep going try to race him racing
yep here he comes right here it goes
when you pull the handbrake the rear
comes out so you kind of drift a little
bit and when you put it back down then
you can just go straight way so should
the brake be one more bad idea this
amazing see you buddy see you Logan
part of that slingshot deal was that
Logan had to jump out of this lift into
the foam pit he's going really high what
a fun day guys I hope you've enjoyed
this I am just an arm smiling all day
another awesome thing is we booked two
days here but we filmed everything today
so we're actually gonna book our flight
and go home to mom surprise the kids so
Matt Wack Wack Wack it doesn't look that
terribly high on camera but he is pretty
high up
Logan Falls about the Jump Jet Center
can you get dead center but there is Oh
teddy taco
did he talk oh damn it
Logan's going again off the rail off or
on Logan you're off the rails man top
rail don't fall backwards backflip this
man's horrible yeah just maybe you
shouldn't do that
oh this is got this baby
yeah look I'm stuck up oh my gosh
oh you are going for the ride of your
life
okay get it do you want to vlog yeah you
have to log no you have to
I love her to death but give her the
rock it was so hard to get her to get in
here so make sure it's yeah now over yet
well we wanted a tree yeah
have fun baby
she is going to school
we're about to call it a day guys has
been unbelievably amazing Travis about
to teach us one last thing and that's
called the shank face
todrick's you started this along with
rob dyrdek I was a ken block's house and
it's been great ever since okay so I
want to see your guys's best shake face
after he teaches this is so you put your
camera and rapid-fire my which you just
hold the button yeah okay you wait you
can't do it yourself because you'll be
shaking you'll be shaking so I'll hold
them I'll hold the bun yeah so you hold
the button and then he's gonna pretend
to punch alright ready
you just hold it right go oh yeah now
loud I guess you know hopefully now were
you supposed to be in it no no that's uh
check it out so long it's look at these
what's your boom wait all right well I
have no no no ball that's a fail all
right my turn my turn you're already at
any part again you gotta be like to the
coming down coming down yeah okay I have
a million face alright me I wasn't even
in that yeah can you get his face today
like it's not that it's blurry but I get
the point like I got sticks I definitely
saw you this is probably one of the best
shaped faces we've got other than Ronnie
Renner he's kind of a sissy Oh is a good
one so eyes in the back your head looks
like you just got sack hurried out
now if Renner had just pretended to be
like no a little tougher for a second
this would have been perfect he didn't
know he's gonna come out there good yeah
sure hey Dee thank you so much man I
honestly no one's done as well as you
did like that has been out of the action
portion stream because the fed is
amazing here thank you for having us the
sauce on our dream come true and uh you
know I'm moving in so I have a lot of
fun connection right see dude so guys
it's safe to say as soon as I get home
I'm gonna find somebody that can build
almost this exact setup right here I
don't know if I need the rock wall but I
want the rock wall and I never thought
I'd be coming here because of you dude
love sac you guys know and this is the
other sent us love sacks at her house
and then out of the blue he says yo do
you want to come to Travis's house like
yeah so a big shout out to love sacks
guys you guys know we love them and we
love you man yeah no he also told me
that I have to say don't try this at
home today and today's vlogs yeah don't
do anything stupid please be smart dude
I'm gonna miss this place
so much I can yeah it's unbelievable
just got back just got a shower came hey
hey hi dad hey guess what I did today I
did a backflip on a dirt bike I got it
all on video dude you want to see it
alright hang on hang on I'll play it for
you can you guys see now oh oh it's not
working
ah as soon as I got home I'm so excited
to show you what do you guys think if I
build a foam pit at the house a foam pit
we can ramp stuff into yeah yeah did I
love you guys I'll see you tomorrow
that is our day guys thank you so
freakin much for hanging out I was so
excited for today and I cannot believe
how well everything went it was really
smooth nobody got hurt and uh Wow would
you what did you think of today like
sallow-faced today I literally felt like
it was just not real like I'm not
actually gonna be able to Rim remember
today I feel like a year down the road
Millie do you remember when we actually
went in he's kind of a dream come true
to me guys I followed the Nitro Circus
guys for a long time when their movie
came out I just thought it was
unbelievable to me I loved it um I
remember get in the movie and making my
parents watch it and Dale and everybody
literally we all watched it together it
is amazing but you know what I learned
today what did you learn you're really
out of shape what do you mean like a
backflip after backflip yeah I know but
I feel
Suriname do you know why I hate what you
just said because the truth hurts
foampit at the house is gonna be my new
exercise if you ride a bike every day
that's fine
case closed done done I can do that
thank you guys for the support thank you
please please please I cannot ask you
enough share this vlog we are almost at
10 million we are according to the
internet according to the internet were
25 days away but if we can get it in 20
days we will celebrate 10 million on our
anniversary but if we can hit it on
November 15th that will be so special I
don't know why but it will be it will be
so special where are we gonna be then I
don't know you always go somewhere like
we try to but it's been a little hectic
lately thank you guys for sharing this
vlog or you know what any for any vlog
you like or enjoy you want your friends
to see your family to see share that
blog for us we love you we will see you
tomorrow you are beautiful you are
one-of-a-kind the new streak is going
how long is this I like three blocks
cecum focus keep that big smile on your
face smile
