right what are you guys doing that's it
that's all I get when I was embarrassing
my kids are getting to know me too well
welcome to the vlog guys that was
incredibly painful I really thought I'd
scare you guys like I was going for it I
committed to it flash almost getting me
out maybe you did today me and Britt are
going on a trip we have to go and the
kids are already bumming out about it
and I don't blame you I'm bumming too
because I'm gonna miss you we've just
been packing up and getting ready and
saying our good-byes and we're only
gonna be gone for 360 days less than a
year it's less than a year no it's less
than a year I'm kidding we're gonna be
on for three minutes
do it three minutes we'll be right back
I love you just know that no matter what
I love you no matter where I am I can
make it happen you need something you
call me anything I will make it happen
Kayne it doesn't go for you you're on
your own right just possible huh I'm not
gonna tickle you that was mommy anyway
here look I'll hold my hand I'll hold my
hand behind my back all right no jump on
love love love love love love love love
love love you he's made me so dizzy yeah
my mommy you're slippin slippin I know
you guys are just gonna party while
we're goin on
it's just gonna be one big party dude no
rules you're probably junk food the
whole time
oh I will I hardly ever eat I know you
won't you're the best kid in the world
but this one this was always up to
something
this one right here Kane right here what
you thought I was talking about you well
I don't know if I'm gonna get through
security like this mom I don't know if
Security's gonna let me through like
this what would they say if you just
come on through the with with the kids
doing lunch you I finally got a smile
more bag this is the first trip that
I've got to take my own brand bag we
release these things and then you guys
bought every single one I personally had
to wait on my own bag I'm the only
person that has the original ones you
have the same bag but without the smell
whoa oh that's right yeah when we were
actually testing which bags we liked
know what kept the bag before even had a
logo on it I'm proud of my brand man I
love this brand I live by this brand so
I love rocking it I mean I love you boys
more than anything in this world okay
you're the best I praise these well
we'll see you later
adios I'll check out what me and Kane
made me and Kane made this this morning
you see I did just see that yeah love
you see soon don't you do that don't you
do that hold on the faucet every boy
yeah this guy wasn't so lucky this
cookie coughing man are you ready ready
100% check out the hot air balloon
that's awesome I've never done that oh
my god that is something
you would never do that guess what our
next vlog is live stream I've never done
about what would be so bad about that I
think it'd be late you're in a balloon
like in a balloon yeah it's not like a
card Ebola and it's controlled with fire
it does sound very crazy when you think
about it how many of you guys have done
that so guys we are off today on a very
exciting trip something that I could
only dreamed of doing years ago if
somebody said I was about to do what I'm
about to do I would just laughed
so it's opportunity that I just can't
pass up and I gotta be honest like
having children in a business where you
are required to travel it's tough it
just makes life tough but it does create
a sense of missing and loved it like I
know when Brittany and I never used to
travel together it kept us so close it
kept us even more in love because we had
a reason to miss each other yeah so what
are you believing things you didn't have
to go I got a little fun out here I
didn't really have a choice it wasn't
like hey do you want to go is like hey
booked our flights yeah cuz I'm so
excited I want to I want to experience
everything with you is I happy I feel
excited so it's crazy and it's actually
not happening today we have to travel
today we're heading to the airport right
now and we have to get there and then
tomorrow is a very huge day for us and
I'll just pump some exciting shop that's
what you think this trips all about what
do you need more more more sweaters so
let's go it's gonna be a bit of a travel
day and we're headed the airport so
let's get out of this cloudy
so I think we're just going to the
airport so I feel like I need a t-shirt
just as so and so guys hey
so guys it's just gonna be for involves
re boring travelling did I tell you how
excited I was all right here we go
I got it Stoke you guys probably noticed
we have it let we've been home for a
couple weeks which for us is kind of a
long time I told everybody manager
everybody that I was staying home like I
need some home time after tour and
everything we've been doing have what
nothing
I've been a crybaby and just needed time
with the kids I just needed to be home
I'm a home bug but this opportunity came
up and it's just something that I could
not pass up and I know the vlog is gonna
be so fun different different stuff that
we've never ever done in the vlog ever
think this is gonna be fun for me I
think I'm gonna have fun okay how heavy
I'm gonna go with 39 49 no way alright
here we go
ah we were both off but you busted I win
so Brittany refuses to go through the
big scanners the things that spend so
she gets a free massage every time we
come to the airport
check this out
oh my gosh that's a real massage
leaving Columbus we got to stop in
Chicago no Michigan let's bring in the
music sequence let's start it right now
music wow I know right it's the same
thing that's what everyone does
Oh
welcome to Detroit Michigan where we go
on we're we're here uh-huh
we're gonna go down oh look at that
ranch 77 all are you know which leads me
to my daily challenge for you guys no
complaints no it's mine daily challenge
for you
I know and I'm gonna give it to them
because I just almost complained about
how far we have to go look we got all
this technology I'm excited so see if
you can do it from the time you wake up
to the time you go to bed not a single
complaint I complain about that it
smelled a statistical I know it's so
difficult okay so yesterday our buddy
Shay Shay call from the Shaytards sent
me a video in the airport doing this
watches
he hung on hung on to the what's that
thing called the walk I want to do it
she's so embarrassing look there's
nobody over here yo
so bad it's not so bad in my life why
you sir why won't you walk with me
hopefully we don't start a new trend
Shay don't don't do that guys it's super
 up yeah this is pretty cool you
know Brittany said don't you dare you
really think I'd run across I would
great leave you I knew you at the gate
if you even made it
that are supposed to back me if somebody
came you would be like backing me up on
this now
no complaining and hokum but thank you
know we walked she didn't exercise today
she wanted to no complaining no
complaining all right you ready to bring
that music back I'm going to bring that
music back don't go home
all feels good out here so good
all right guys we have SS we made it to
our destination how you doing tonight
sir very good never been here before in
my life the first time yes sir
come on Inger the boogie man in there
Oh what the heck I said two beds why do
you why you laughing oh I'm ready to
raid this nothing there's nothing one of
the worst parts of all traveling is food
we need food and it's late sorry at
11:00 p.m.
Tenten the picture Saba no this is the
exciting part of our day right here just
trying to find some food know about this
place to put your camera's under your
hat
honey I'm gonna come on scary I totally
heard you that was a big that was happen
know if you wouldn't pooped I would had
more time how did I know no oh oh
 just push catch me oh yeah not
just go slow okay
I'm gonna break your leg like you're
like just four legs gonna fall off
ah good seriously
yeah it looks terrible oh don't look
well trying to uh we're so sore from
Kane's birthday because he we did that
that sweetie I know that's why I'm sore
why are you so that's my neck for what
goes well I look better than you Tyra
hmm I do have to edit okay that's one
thing we have to do but we have no real
responsibilities right now other than
editing we have no kids
it's probably the perfect time what
nothing it's the perfect time to get
some rest
oh no but really tomorrow is going to be
insane and if all goes well it will be
probably one of our biggest vlogs like I
truly believe it will be it'll be one of
our biggest fun
yeah super big super fun and we have a
lack of food in what we call jet lag
right now so you guys don't even know
where we're at only people that live
locally will probably recognize where we
landed no I love the whole skipping it
was white noise just like the thing the
ring what was that man I don't think
we're gonna sleep we're just gonna fight
all night like just Royal Rumble is
cloning my house something oh yeah okay
thank you if I there out of the fridge
fire
we got food coming we got Ellen they
wouldn't know my french fries or mashed
potatoes I'll take anything thank you
guys for being here we are gonna call it
a night I'm gonna get this video up for
you and can't wait to release tour it's
so much light now they're gonna just
move to goodnight guys we love you thank
you for everything thanks for the
support on everything smile more the
game our family Europe what you did
thing away from a quick bite at home we
came to a certain location to film with
a certain person and it's huge to me and
we've never had this person in our vlogs
and we've never done what we're gonna do
in the look so it's all new it's all fun
new people ah thank you guys you're
beautiful you're one of a kind you're
truly amazing smile Mon no tickling
that's it that's it
you
