guys welcome to the vlog Brittany and I
right now are headed to Europe for our
European leg of the tour and I'm
incredibly happy Brittany is coming
along for the whole tour this is awesome
it's only four shows in six days I think
six days we're actually on tour so it's
quick quick European tour I'm stressing
out a little bit right now because I
didn't get to say goodbye to my kids on
the vlog like we had a great morning but
just didn't vlog it I'm kind of
regretting that now because I know in
the future I'm going to want to see that
morning before we left on tours so let's
get this vlog started we're almost at
the airport we're headed there right now
it's beautiful day in Ohio forgive me if
it's a little loud we have no AC in this
car so it's windows down baby it feels
great let's go I feel good cast ready
let's do it all right we got four smart
we got a hat for each show so what every
show I'll have one hat to give away this
time I brought just enough for every
show okay you ready
kind of stood this our weather here has
been beautiful so it actually feels
weird leaving because the weather so
usually I'm like let's go it's raining
it's cold it's tough
no you look good it's so hard to go
anywhere without paparazzi showing up
now guys this is crazy like we used to
have such a normal way No yeah can I
help you can I help you oh this lady no
we don't even know who this is
she's just been following us around so I
just recorded my life and this girl's is
Kahala mr. paladin camera I'm soaking
I'm as confused as you are
I swear how awkward are you right now
this is this is Daniela and she's
shooting a documentary about our entire
European trip so she will be with us the
whole time
welcome you can call her Dani D Daniela
he'll settle on one for now she's with
us she's our friend she's going to help
us out this whole time there's going
thank you thanks so much goodbye woohoo
yeah we're gonna Philadelphia where are
we well we're in New Jersey at music
rated right at the borders need to study
a map that's what I need to hear okay so
we had a layover in like four couple
hours right few hours I think I don't
know she's really concentrating right
now guys just leave school get our bags
in connect No
Oh No so we're gonna be here for a while
like a while oh my gosh sleeping in the
airport is by far like how good do I
sleep in the airport I don't know anyone
I know yeah like I come out okay so we
got some time to kill were goofing off
and I notice when fousey boosie's
already in scotland we're meeting him
there but they came to this store she
was in his vlog so now you're in my vlog
and they were a problem with that okay I
could talk like you too they were it was
funny because people were taking like
pictures with them and then actually the
old people in here more like who's that
yeah well he pays everybody like to take
pictures of him good yes so that wasn't
he wasn't really have fans yeah pays for
this mall for Noah ah bigger bigger
that's for like keen that's pretty cool
wait these are $100 this is $100 it is
really I'm so out of the loop
look at this cuckoo clock watch you got
to go on we should all get one I should
get one just to get away on tour because
these are awesome I love this so guys to
be completely honest I was worried about
vlogging today because of the lack of
content like we're sitting on planes all
day we've actually just warped to the
next plane which is six
or flight 706 out of it
so yeah I'm vlogging like the best I can
but we're just sitting on planes oh my I
don't know what to do it we get into
London or he's got like 7 a.m.
hey you guys are happy I love it usually
when I get on a plane I like to turn
that camera thank you guys
what is this which are we up here yeah
this is first this is like the best of
like company got us the best C's like
this like beds yeah this is like a
serious tree but this is something we
don't get to do actually have you ever
done this together no not at all
actually
we're first class you eat on my lap girl
yeah we can we fit in this
they're gonna make it
it's like an old sidekick remember those
remember psychic yeah I never had one oh
not cool
this is a crazy thing when we leave
right now it is actually the sun's going
down it's an end of our day and when we
land in Scotland the Sun will just be
coming up and be the start of their day
so it's like it's like two logs in one
kind of I don't not explain it tomorrow
night
no the voids for like eight minutes not
even Brittney is there's a psycho on the
plane she lives in her mind she is so
excited like to be on the indc like I've
never seen
see ya guys it is what it is like you
don't have much to do but oh yeah you're
turning me into a bed it's way too slow
you're asleep by the time you hit them
the bottom
hi guys gonna meet you this week we
might need to remove her from the plan
yeah she's out of control she's already
took a drink I did it
cheers Toto plastic champagne cheers
everyone Cheers
whoo work it work everyone's laughing I
run smile asshole
we have made it ah
DJ want to drive hey our steering wheels
on the on the opposite second or so just
worked through the night into the next
day like we were starting a new day on
top of our day that we already started
so it's really weird
so this shirt did you see it is I suffer
good like solid two hours like a measure
I throw up from riding backward let me
know so that's me
would have rolled backwards through us
oh yeah really what it's like ten
minutes right I'm just asking you if
you're gonna throw up let me know yeah
you're not gonna drive us man man I was
trying but the wheels distant how are
you she stole my steering wheel we made
it to Scotland is it always this
beautiful outside
yeah alright guys we've made it to our
home for two days we're in Scotland for
today and tomorrow's our show so it's
our little home for two days we can't
wait to get out and see a little bit of
Scotland we are dead tired exhausted
done so even though their days just
starting we are just ending our day
thank you guys so much for traveling
with us I know today's vlog it just is
what it is it's short it's like 9 10
minutes long and it is like the greatest
sleep how many you guys when it rains
it's the best time to sleep it's just
like so comfortable and you just feel
like nobody can get you and you just and
what may or may not be a vlog tomorrow
just because like literally the way this
day is set up by the time we wake up or
day will already be ending and there
won't be a vlog so I may start fresh
when we start our next morning I know
that's confusing maybe there will be
made there won't be either way I think
this is ten vlogs in a row which to me
lately is a record like Oh once a week
I've been missing a vlog and I've done
like ten days so I'm proud of that I'm
probably almost everyday blog I'm proud
to get back like a little bit on track
so thank you guys for being here hit
that thumbs up button force if you're
excited for a little different like this
will all be different when Scotland
right now make sure you subscribe yeah
subscribe subscribe subscribe guys ship
subscribe that's it thank you guys um
tell me if you want to see something
different over here in Europe tell but
I'll put it in the comments we're always
reading through stuff and who should
week lab with while we're over here yeah
I don't know I don't know a lot of but I
don't know any that I feel bad if I do
and I am forgetting well I don't think I
know anybody from scone love you guys
you're absolutely beautiful you're one
of a kind thanks for hanging out even on
the short days your beautiful smile more
okay so wrong I just left to go and film
at the factory and somehow the Hoos were
playing over here and all these boxes
just caught on fire um I mean should we
call a fire department
