welcome to the vlog got my brother Dale
with me we were headed out to do what
would you call us like some stupid some
dumb definitely dumb and stupid
is it another GAD idea a bad a good dad
idea I don't see any good in it except
for like wow no it's cool exciting
there's a pumpkin stone of X II hope
you're having an awesome day Dale and I
are headed to get some supplies for a
really good bad dad idea I like that we
have that term bad bad bad good idea
thank you thank you thank you for all
the love on the game yesterday if you
didn't watch yesterday's vlog please
check it out we released our very first
app game and it is so fun it's so
addicting Dale's and I'm in it the
family's in it everyone but the dot
everybody wants the dogs oh yeah that'd
be great
he talked about putting the dogs in it
but we were like you can't you're gonna
murder dogs what you're literally in
life that's how it it's like I think
somebody can kick a person get away with
it you kick a dog I saw a robot dog
robot zoos robots oh my gosh there you
go yeah so the game is constantly being
updated we're gonna have so much cool
stuff on it thank you for downloading
the game is totally free it's a lot of
fun thank you for checking it out and
just being open and having fun with it
the trees are great look it matches my
incent did yeah that's serious yeah
today when I gotta get a bunch of stuff
like random things he's gonna build
something and I'm gonna build something
I'm gonna do something that we used to
do as kids and I think dad taught us how
to do this
sure he did what a great dad we ha like
the best two videos today one on Dale's
channel one on my channel doing both
awesome I don't know if they're awesome
oh this might be what I need soap no
plumbing they're gonna nother second
they see the bob they're gonna know
yours mine could be anything I could
just be in the thumbnail and I still
keep it a mystery
peytie 69 bucks dude this is a good
toilet up is this a good book you know
why this one's on sale it's been you is
it used toilet yeah these are used for
60 bucks what makes a toilet a good
toilet like what's the difference
between a $69 toilet in like a $250 the
seat heat what's the deal
yeah I know everything there is no about
okay hit me
okay this expensive toilet like this
mm-hmm higher resin porcelain it's gonna
last longer you can bleach it all day
and night and you're not gonna have to
worry about degradation of the materials
you're gonna be able to sit on that pot
for as long as you want clean and smooth
baby Wow
all right no but seriously this is a
digital a digital push-button wave your
hands you enough to touch do you so want
that I can see it I flush with my foot
yeah and then and then I touch your foot
so you like you're making em all yeah
hello hey what's up hey what are you
doing I'm buying a toilet because I was
just broke you're buying it for it yeah
because when you left you didn't flush
it Nick it something happened by the way
they're not 69 bucks that's if you buy
four toilets
dude do we late for one for each room in
the house do you need phone no I
but it's only 80 I guess 88 bucks I
still think of the anticipation we're
thinking with one toilet now for do you
think it's worth the risk
no mm think of the money you're saving
Oh Roman keep your back straight when
you back straight Yeah right
so we've got a toilet we got some PVC
piping out of a cutter of course I have
a cutter as you guys can probably guess
Dale's requires actually building
something mine doesn't that's because I
suck at that kind of stuff and dales
good at it I don't think it's the matter
of sucking I think it's a matter
commitment we're not you were amazing in
shop class yeah getting in trouble well
you got in trouble but you also made me
some pretty cool stuff that's right we
don't have by the way your gun Rhys
still have it yeah the only thing I got
here
I didn't come here for a screwdriver kit
in a toilet don't need either won't
sorry about the toilet
Batman first please I can't say I've
ever bought a toilet my life I bought
one of it actually that's not true for
my old house we had to replace the
toilet that's right in my basement
I bought two actually that's why I
actually didn't get everything I needed
we got to run into one more sir mine so
simple this is something that I got a
pre-warn you guys not to try to do this
is something we actually have done
forever forever we were little kids
little kids my dad was teaching us how
to do this different day and age oh he
taught us I think we just paid attention
burger yeah he wasn't like make this
yeah a lot of you probably actually seen
these before and I just want to say
don't do it watch us do it that's all
aluminum foil this is good
gotta have it gotta have it four cents a
foot seven cents a foot dude whoo this
stuff really good maybe the thinner
stuff will have more surface area though
I'll know you want to get one of each
cheap oh and good oh we always use good
stuff then we I don't think there was
one brand yeah that's true oh no it's
like a whole show unless in the last 15
20 years they change their ingredients
this should work the important thing to
remember is that you need hydrochloric
acid that's it that's it but this stuff
typically has an in it you just have to
read the bottle don't do this but you
got to make sure you read the bottle to
make sure it has hydrochloric acid to
Linna
No
or at least at leat we didn't get a cart
dude I don't know what to do anymore it
skis so excited we see the finish I'll
go get their car my blood dollar is its
water
yeah it's harder day we can try one
there's a buck 25 dude 68 cents boom
yeah that's the one I did come on let's
get some cola they actually have Cola
leaders of Cola I didn't know there's
actually a done it they probably did
that just for that reason
you know what it looks like it looks
like one of those returned parts that
you would see somebody return it like
this is they're trying to restored it on
the show all right guys we got
everything I think we got everything we
need and more and more yeah we got stuff
we don't even need maybe we might needs
on the fence I'm gonna use it far this
way eventually we are gonna head on have
some fun and hopefully just everybody's
safe at the end of the day I think
that's the yeah okey here I got safety
glasses I said I'm moving up Roma what
are you doing you got a bathroom right
oh I thought I busted you out dude do
you think I really just take a leak like
that
gotta empty out this $0.68 cooler I want
to enjoy it maybe I should try this
probably pretty good diet huh oh I hate
diet look what is he didn't dump all
this out said he hated that stuff
all right so some aluminum foil I just
messed up and drilled a hole in my cap
to make a joke can't have a hole in your
cap so I have to use a cap from another
one do all work ready go roll man now
here's a concept is that the cheaper
2-liter bottles may have thinner plastic
it may not work as good as the hard hard
plastic not ain't alright I mean but
who's back here Zeus
stop playing around it's gonna work now
I don't work not with this cap yeah I
messed that up deals over here working
on a very powerful ooh dude I just know
what's supposed to see my blood oh god
you got probably an Android I cut cut
the film Zeus hey you want to help me I
need your help dude I need your help go
get that from flash flash drop it
Dale's gonna crazy friggin potato gun
this is something that we used to do as
a kid actually both these things we're
kind of reliving our our glory days man
it's just like what we used to do you
were probably eight I was 10 ish mom and
dad were at work
my dad would build these things and do
it and then we would remember how to
build it in them and they were at work
it's not so bad
one thing I honestly don't remember is
how big of luminol balls to make does it
matter
I remember the smaller the better
because there's more surface area I
don't remember really how much we put in
probably up to the label yeah yeah I
remember doing a lot smaller balls
really yeah I remember me like tiny uh
oh but maybe that's cuz we were always
short on hydrochloric acid you want to
help me is that what you're trying to
say so we're gonna go with this first
now we haven't done this for a long time
and one of the reasons I tell you guys
never to make one of these is because
they're unpredictable
it truly is unpredictable you don't know
when it's gonna go off sometimes you
wait so long that you're like ought to
dud and all of a sudden it goes off so
they're very don't do it here we go I
remember being so nervous going into the
stores when we were kids and like trying
to buy this yeah of course it was like
it was like even back then it was only
like a buck or two and we'd be like so
nervous we spent our allowance money
works above bottles now we are losing
light so we're gonna go ahead and test
this out I don't remember how we wanted
the ball so this is all mystery to me
it's gonna work let's dump it Oh cap
that baby shake it yeah wait we're not
gonna strategically place it should we
yeah you need to stand it up dude don't
forget time for this crap oh oh nothing
nothing now there's no pressure yet when
they think when these things are about
to go the bottle gets so hard and that's
why I was worried about a thin plastic
yeah should invest it in the the $2
bottle so here's the part where we just
wait and wait and wait and hope that
something happens and this hasn't been a
total flop I'm gonna go get the aluminum
foil so we can roll balls while we wait
good idea how far we stand back I feel
like we were like in a car or something
let me do this I did I've never been
like real caught it
cover your eyes that's it that's it
the suspense is killing me dude all
right how about this nothing's happening
I've never seen it done before
uh-huh I have pure powdered aluminum at
my house what what like why are we
crumbling up balls when we can just like
pure alumina butter huh cuz I don't I
don't know cuz this I've seen if that
sounds crazy we may or may not have done
it right dude cuz she's still sitting
out there
poor little GoPro you can't do it wrong
it's been 20 minutes
dude okay we've got four bottles one of
them has to work it's so cold over here
try to pull up plastic bottles we are
freaking number the game came out five
hours ago we are number three holy crap
I can't even believe it so thank you
guys so friggin much dude this game is
killing you guys are enjoying I've seen
so many posts from you guys about it oh
my look on the I'm one of two reviews it
went up best game ever
what does this Scrabble can suck it zip
name
what happy my name sedale they left a
review lesson who's the first to leave a
review and it says love this game bro
yay yeah that's hilarious
why is my butt Assessor number 2
anyway guys we are number 3 on the App
Store as of right now which blows my
mind have no idea what it is on Google
Google Play
check this out you go to games and then
you go to arcade dude we're number one
under arcade soft soft no pressure
whatsoever that's nothing dude um how's
that all about when we do wrong dude we
did everything right we did everything
right this is the problem they blew it
on this one is it full I'll take the
blame but I don't know what I did wrong
guys I really don't know did it right
contain hydrochloric acid maybe that's
not what it needs as a kid growing up I
remember us hunting specifically for
anything with hydrochloric acid yeah the
aluminum is different they don't make a
lumen on the same now is it try got
plastic universe maybe there's actually
a chemical in here that makes it not
react with aluminum foil if they know
everyone's buying it for works bomb dang
it wouldn't even think of that
alright guys straight up straight up
dude we failed hard I felt your potato
guy guys if you want to see this potato
gun he made a video today and it shot
like a tiger frigging tank baby caboose
and once again I failed because when I
shot it the potato pretty much just
burped out trigger here we go no power
the good news is when you're done
Sonicare sway like great great hairspray
great right for Alec gray spray smell it
on camera
oh yeah just
remember guess whose 5 years old today
cane is gain is guess who's not here is
Hill Tuesday gate is dude happy birthday
cane here's what happened guys I failed
so not like I care all the time in vlogs
like things don't go right I mess up at
things but oh my gosh I'm so dizzy soul
I hit it I failed so hard at that stupid
bottle blow up challenge thing that I
had to just come in in the vlog I didn't
end it I decided to jump in today
because this is like hectic chaos hi
why did you just what is going on here
ah it's just eggs yellow parts yeah cuz
you don't want it's a white cake so you
don't want it yellow so I could just
scramble these so here's what's going on
it is actually current day which means
it is now currently Kane's 5th birthday
and it hasn't got started yet so I
wanted to come on and at least show you
guys what we're doing getting ready for
the party tomorrow's vlog is gonna be
insane you remember last week at Noah's
party we had the mechanical Bowl which
was crazy
we got something I think even more crazy
today for Caine's party are you excited
what do you know what are you tired dude
we gotta get amped it's time to party
party Britney's making Kane's birthday
cake oh that looks so good I'm gonna say
goodbye for today let's get this party
started we'll see in tomorrow's vlog
thank you for everybody who has
downloaded our new game it is number one
in the UK it's number two in the US and
we just we can't be it's so thankful I
can't even explain it you guys are
amazing we're constantly already working
on new updates and fixes and everything
so second place and that's because
iTunes you like they're never gonna let
that go number two
my only it's like there I know it's like
their thing we freakin love you guys
thank you again and again and again
we're going to get Kings party starter
which means I have to wrap this up and I
definitely don't want to be editing on
his birthday so I'm gonna I'm gonna
blaze through this we will see it
tomorrow thank you for all the love and
support smile more you're beautiful
you
