welcome to the vlog it is ridiculously
nasty out looking for I'd even see him
there it doesn't look that bad out but
it is freezing cold it's been raining
all day and huh this is not actually the
beginning of the vlog this is like the
middle of the vlog but I'm so excited
that I had to start the vlog with this
so here we are how are you feeling uh
really good normal because a couple
hours ago you're on a wheelchair I
gained are you ready to show them are
you ready look they can already see it
you ready to show them alright let's do
it
I got something to show you guys I'm
really excited about like really really
excited out this is about 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 10 months of work who is that
is it me oh jeez
oh yes cane is at you oh my god Oh hit
character select and there's you oh my
god you away I can change the hat is
that what this is yeah you have like
tons a hat unlocks like oh I need a hat
ok guys over the last several months we
have been designing our very own game it
is extremely addictive it is insanely
fun and it came out today on the App
Store on Google Play it's available
right now on your iPhone on your droid
whatever you use it's available for so
you have to survive as long as you can
it is destruction it is mayhem oh my
gosh it's just my body it's just my head
ok that looks like a lot of blood you
can turn that off in the options parents
I promise you it's just one click no
blood or click lots of blood the games
available right now the highest level is
22 and that's from me and the guys
playing the game that's the highest
we've gotten so if you can beat 22 you
will now hold the actual record for the
game you get to start the game with
either myself or Brittany in this games
really fun because if you love us
if you love us make us survive go as far
as you can
if you're a hater you can just kill us
like a hundred different ways Kane do
you love it I know you do you never get
my phone back we've been testing this
game for like I don't know how long he
hogs the phone and I never get it back I
don't want to give too much of this away
cuz it's free you can download it
completely free the game costs no money
so go right now and get this game I
don't want to show you too much more
because I want you to play it experience
for yourself share your feedback share
your you can share your deaths on
Twitter I'm gonna be retweeting so many
your deaths cuz they're hilarious I'm
gonna be very socially active with this
game so if you share stuff I'm probably
gonna retweet it or push it on Twitter
what happens right straight into a
shredder come on Suzy come on oh you got
your boat come on dudes oh she's so
welcome back to the vlogs go get the
game stop the vlog right now top link of
this description just click it download
it it is free you pay no money for this
game deaths are so funny are you
can you probably better than me I'm
gonna show you a few characters the
characters are pretty awesome
obviously there's Kane and his monster
truck let me turn this down little Brit
and then everybody has different like
outfits and then you unlock different
levels of characters but there's so many
characters in this game actually whoa
there's Dale yeah that's Dale he's
supposed to come with the shovel
they always gettin a shovel in the next
build because the whole dig the whole
thing so this is napalm Roman because of
the flamethrower he actually shoots
flames
uh there's Noah and you can see a
skateboard right there and I don't want
to show you all the characters but
there's so many funny ones they all do
different things they all wear different
stuff it's John so yeah guys it's our
first game ever on iTunes and the App
Store's and I'm just so excited to get
it out to you guys and see you guys
playing it and sharing it it's fun like
it's a fun game so yeah let's get this
actual vlog started this is not the
beginning of the vlog I'm actually shot
this towards the end of the vlog but
Britney had a dentist thing which we
should just warp into right now all
right how you feeling girl I feel like
I'm like you look good
huge you looking no you're actually
looking really no is your eye doing
anything funny that she shut it open
okay you're gonna be here for a while so
I'll see in a little bit and love you
ah it is so nasty out wow it is really
feeling like fall man like cold October
weather so I've got some time to kill
I've never driven this car by the way
last night actually last night
Britney went got all the paperwork done
for this car this car now belongs to
Britney she fell in love with it was no
talking around like she really fell in
love it I'll give you advice don't test
drive a vehicle unless you plan to buy
the vehicle because you're gonna fall
for it that's that's that's what's gonna
happen that all being said I'm gonna
head up to the studio and try to come up
with some ridiculous challenge for you
guys I guess the challenge would be for
me well it's a challenge for both of us
but in the end I think it's me that has
to do the worst stuff no no I think we
should black it all out like all black
get rid of the chrome no chrome like
shade that right I don't know if written
wants to do that but I think it would
look awesome all black ding dong all
right so since today is the launch of my
very first game I thought it would be
appropriate to come in and show you in
that when I come up to Columbus we're
here at reiner studio this is these are
the guys building the game right here
what's up don't be shy
yo I'm open in the vlog before but these
are the creators of the game right here
I love that it's not like we had this
design somewhere like it's right here in
here so I want to show you guys maybe
some like behind the scenes some goofy
stuff maybe well the beginning stages of
the game because I think it's hilarious
and it's kind of weird because you
probably haven't even played the game
yet so it's not gonna make a lot of
sense to play the game that's awesome
and what is this like testing the blades
yeah maybe
glide other early physics test
you actually we were trying to test the
DEF animations I love that before whoo
oh my gosh so what would you call this
like an error all right no man this is
actually what they're gonna be getting
in the final game yeah testing room
indicial ah dude I love that that looked
really good so obviously these guys have
had quite the journey building this game
from where it came from to where it is
now I've been just mind blown
how well they've done this and I love
that you can turn the gore on and off
that is such a huge huge perk to me cuz
a lot of new games aren't a lot of
options you guys put a ton of options in
this which it's great my mom's really
pumped about your mom's real excited so
you can see all the little technical
things behind the scenes these are all
what makes him work and run and be able
to do it do everything's so complex one
of the sketches right there dancer guy I
never made it in maybe maybe he'll make
it he's got time yeah he's got time
I think everyone's favorite here one of
their favorite characters in this entire
game is Cain because he is riding the RC
truck like a boss like he's got it and
when he gets caught when he get when he
drinks the coffee the flames block back
that is awesome dude yeah and again do
it again it only works live in the game
this is a little mess that's all right
so that's Noah and he does his specialty
is a kick pitcher and in the game it
looks right one of the coolest parts is
just that we're all in the game even
Carl's in the game dude and your
characters on a hoverboard are this even
glow anymore
no what is your favorite trap or when
you die to most you know what I the big
scissors get me so much but but the
stapler is my favorite all right I tell
you that we will do this is how we put
the trout's together so build every
single piece there all we already have
every trap set up over here and how they
work so if I hit play right now you can
see this all right working but what we
do is we set up these sections from
start to finish and we set up how we
want them to look how deadly you want
them to be we also completed I'll quick
these is a we can pretty much go it
through here scale rotate and build
anything we want to it's it's random
that it spawn so every time you play the
game it's a different it's different you
want to have now we have this meganlocke
you know flame or did I know I know it's
this build so what well basically you'll
see here is this trap is gonna spawn
over and over again they got iam role
for you to just test it over and over
and over so and then if I'm like oh it
was my head I want to bring you guys
along a little behind the scenes to show
you how just detail how much work has
gone into this game it's very cool to
just see it being built and seeing all
the different levels and and the high
school right now on the newest build is
what 22 level 22 yeah I don't 23 22 door
yep floor 2010 yeah I know you guys are
gonna be stopped so fast what are you
doing it's not Carl sighs we already
know we've been talking about how fast
you guys will be that - please send your
screenshots when you get uh and the real
reason I came up here is because we've
been trying to think of a challenge that
we have to do if you guys get this
number one number one on the iTunes
Store boy it can be Google Play to write
anybody it's for Android it's for
everything
upload the gifs we'll look at the so
what do we have to do that's the real
thing I want to do something huge if you
guys get this number one this is
deserving of something huge dude what if
they actually got in the game like put
like as a character they maybe that
would be amazing okay so how many of
them 10 million maybe like we pick five
people and we'll make their character
we'll sketch them out make three
animated make their ideas - so yeah this
is a work in progress I absolutely love
that idea
so be awesome maybe like five of you
will be in the game that I love that
I'll make you imagine as a kid like
winning that and cuff I can't it's like
I'm believable but it'll probably
actually but Ruby like imagine
go back to our day so we could win a
chance to be a pacman ghosts okay so
that's that's our initial I think we can
add to this but for now that is amazing
I don't know how we'll pick them but
five of you if we hit number one Google
Play iTunes either one any planning I
think maybe we could even do something
we got top ten because that's pretty
amazing
that's amazing total blessing and it's
free so you'll be in the free category
which is also the hardest category to
get to the top because there's so many
years so many yeah yeah we're going up
against necklace hey you want to be the
biggest in the world
that's true we can also hold some sort
of live competition it'll compete on a
big projector all right oh let me put we
strap iPads on the like board and then
they're just broken yeah maybe that's it
maybe you get the hover board you get to
do a backup board date with Carl
what if I shave your head a little bit
longer oh okay all right
hi guys I gotta go get Britt see me all
right bye-bye
okay yes good job everybody yeah okay
mumble goes all done with her dentist
I'm sorry I just ate a piece of
chocolate let's go get Brittany why do I
miss this girl so much if I'm away from
Brittany is gonna sound so bad if I'm
away from Brit for the littlest time I
literally miss her so much
it's insane like it's always crazy to me
that I'm building something like a game
for you guys behind the scenes without
you ever knowing why like I'm downtown
Columbus all the time and I never tell
you guys why I hate it it's so hard but
I'm always excited to release they oh I
don't know if he has my dress I'm gonna
have to tell him where my dress is to
drop that off reserved for sedation
patients only it looks like me
hey how you feel good
are your eyes crossing no no nothing
they fix make it better
oh you did give her enough no they were
gorgeous earlier you didn't miss see
that wasn't me with like that oh my gosh
I'm gonna walk you guys outside so she
did good
she's a champ I didn't run in anything I
did it you don't want to drive the fat
maybe an exciting date wanna be gone
yeah how do you feel how was it
you're not bad party let's go let's good
one to the club I'm not dressed though
yeah yeah yeah close huh
I hate any shoes on tinnies this holes I
nailed is no num-num-num gum you want
gum no let's go home
no I want to eat what do you want you
can eat you can't can you eat you came
open your mouth uh I do have to get a
prescription filled
what and today last
oh yes remember last time I picked
Brittany out when she had this done her
I won I would stick one I would stick to
a certain direction so when she turned
one I would be over here but it's not
doing it now
nope no all good
oh my got it I did it she did it
hey boy what's up little man so now we
are back home from the dentist stuff
which we actually shot the beginning of
it it's all confusing today but Kane's
here
Britney's already feeling better she um
how long has it been three hours yeah
it's been a while it's been a few hours
now we're headed to my brother's house
to go hang out with them yeah so let's
keep rolling you excited for your
birthday
two more days taking grandma's vegetable
soup slep maybe this should be called
grandma's toilet water
oh that's grape juice what do you mean
what is that that's well you had
yesterday left at mommy's new car this
thing is really nice to drive I did like
it yes nice first time I drove it was
today look at the trees cane a bright
orange and film it I didn't think you
were gonna do it okay I just got over to
Dale's and the first thing he did was
wrote the verse so it's weird in the
vlog because the games out but nobody
knows yet because blog hasn't went up so
we pull it up Dale just wants iTunes and
left the first review on the game before
he's even played he said boom five stars
yeah we got our first review I am gonna
get the highest score so that all you
guys out there in YouTube land have to
beat me number one there's there's a
full leaderboard full leaderboard and my
name's gonna be on top Oh hands a
mutilation haha nope oh yeah where's our
wooden I thought it was a victory minute
I have never seen this in my life is
that a regular stars that like a hard
story Duplin it started like this right
yeah the dishwasher messed it up your
boil in the straw to read end it yeah
wait could you do it with a regular
straw like quickly travel early but this
is one that's done I did this one in
about 22 minutes
20 to mom and dad's huge so gosh strong
yeah stroll it up he's down the rock and
roll I just like to hang upside down
like a bat yeah like that
just since we got a game coming out
today we thought we'd write a little
theme song for our game this is not a
joke this is for real please don't laugh
place nothing if you're tired again
birthing place my pitch baby good are
you tired of games of singing smiling
smiling ladies and gentlemen coming you
know worldwide
yeah call us for booking
as it feels crazy yeah
hahaha you ever see anyone talking to
their Bluetooth phone hooked in their
ear you're like what is going on with
that guy
this is a whole new lover wait are you
online with people wait are these the
people they have just hands in the masks
warping back home I can't wait for your
birthday
two more days deeper what so guys we're
getting back home and that's pretty much
going to be our day I know love it's
just the new game of course I'm super
excited about that and my little man's
birthday is coming up um why am I so
excited I don't want you to get older
all we need is good weather which we're
gonna have just keep saying we're gonna
have good weather we can have good
weather oh yeah I love you we love you
guys
thank you for everything everybody
playing and sharing this game on Twitter
I'm gonna be following every single one
of you that I can Brittany is too she
says this is a big project for us guys
and we just cannot thank you in advance
for all the support and love Kane has
one of the coolest characters oh how can
you have the coolest character I know so
we love you guys we love you guys so
much thank you for everything welcome to
the new vlog streak of one vlog
interrupt links in description go on
Google Play or iTunes the game is free
or just type in smile Inc smile space
Inc love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile mwah nice outfit
